5	Very strong first impression! Superior dining experience.The decor is embellished and thoughtful. The food was very tasty. Lunch buffet review to follow in an update.  For dinner, though:Lamb Curry (medium spicy), Vegetable Samosa (2 of them as appetizer), garlic nann and, yes, mixed pickle...and a bottomless coke for around $25. I felt the quality and quantity of the food was superior, and priced correctly.Visitors to Las Vegas should appreciate this restaurant. PLEASE NOTE: To find this restaurant from The Strip, drive on Flamingo or Tropicana or even Spring Mountain westward (up the slope) until you get to Valley View.  Turn RIGHT (Northward) and drive to Sahara at the stop light with the Rebel gas station. At the stop light, intersection of Valley View and Sahara, Turn RIGHT again (going down the slope, back toward The Strip).  The restaurant is immediately on your right, right next to the Rebel gas station, in the same parking lot as Marianna's Supermarket. PLEASE DO NOT ATTEMPT TO TURN LEFT AGAINST TRAFFIC ON SAHARA AT ANY TIME OF THE DAY IN AN UNCONTROLLED INTERSECTION. You'll be thankful for both the dining and the driving experience. :) Enjoy and make sure to review this restaurant!
5	I and 4 co-workers tried this place for lunch. I was anticipating this place opening as soon as I saw the sign that it was an Indian restaurant AND had lunch buffet so when it finally opened, we had to go.It did not disappoint! The lunch buffet is 8.99 and there is a great selection of food. It's not the BEST Indian that I've had but for the value, it is excellent!!The thing I also appreciated was the naan was included with the meal and you didn't have to pay extra for it as I had at other Indian restaurants. They give you a choice of either plain or garlic so we went with garlice. It was awesome! Hot and fresh from the oven, had herbs and plenty of garlic to our liking.The service was great as well as the servers attended to our table and made sure our drink glasses were never empty. They checked regularly to ask how everything was.All of us left VERY full and happy with our experience at Mt. Everest. We will definitely be returning regularly for lunch.
4	We went the 1st day they were open and it was fantastic.  Easily the most variety of Indian food offered (4 curries, tons of veggie dishes) for a lunch buffet around town and the price is unbeatable. Service was friendly and extremely attentive which prob had to do w/ this being their grand opening.  I left stuffed beyond belief.
5	Highest Quality Indian Lunch Buffet.Wow! Very tasty food, spicy enough for most Americans (though not so spicy for many from the region). Twelve bucks with drink and tax.Very impressive restaurant!
5	This place has a great variety of Indian dishes. We were here for the lunch buffet and were not disappointed. The Naan bread was a little fatty and not as crisp as I hoped it would be but all other dishes made up for it. We will be back for sure.
5	I took the family for the lunch buffet and it was the best Indian buffet in Las Vegas.   I had been to just about every Indian buffet in town before getting a recommendation from a friend.  The place was clean, the food was well stocked, and the fresh naan that's included with the $8.99 was excellent.   Particularly good was the chicken tikka masala.  Since my kids liked it, I will be going back there often.
5	AMAZING.AMAZING FOOD, even better price. Forget spending $25.00 at a casino buffet when you can eat here for lunch. TRUST ME.The service is amazing. I love waiters that fill your drink glass without you asking...well, lets just say my glass was always full.
4	This place is really really really reaaly good. It was a "yelp it to get off the strip" find. Everything made fresh and "instant". (see the naan on the menu). The buffet is for lunch only  and yes, it had some weird decor, a couple of electriic guitars and a neon billiards sign. Go here. Eat here.
5	LOVE it!  I have eaten here about ten times now, and it is a pretty new restaurant, so that is saying something--especially since I am a very picky eater.  At lunch you can either have the buffet or order from the menu; at dinner you order from the menu.  Many of the items on the lunch buffet vary from day to day--some days there will be chana masala, some days vegetable korma, etc.  It's always great.  I actually like ordering from the menu better, though.  The owner is a very nice guy and works hard to make sure his customers have everything they need.  I have introduced several people to this place, and they all come here regularly now.  And some of them are pretty picky people, too.
4	I give a 4 star for the food and service.  My wife and I were a bit hesitant when we only saw 2 others eating in the restaurant. Also it looks like a converted Burger King and the decor is a bit drab, but decided to try it anyway.  We had 2 great dishes and the Naan was excellent.  If you can overlook the very basic decor and consider the food end service, this place is great.  We would eat here again.A note to the owners if you read this. Get rid of the florescent lighting and add more soft lighting. Maybe get spend a bit to warm up the atmosphere and you will have a winner restaurant! good luck.Prices seemed mid range for Indian Cuisine. I think we had two dishes and Naan totaling about $25 before taxes. Very fair for quality food.
5	When I saw Mt Everest getting ready to open I was initially a little put off by the locale - in a defunct Burger King building, next to a gas station, in a grotty parking lot outside Marianna's Mexican Supermarket on West Sahara. Eventually we tried the extremely reasonably priced lunch buffet for $8.95 and were immediately blown away by the quality and variety of food here. I am a meat eater and my wife is a vegatarian, but there is so much for both of us. The Chicken Makhani and Chicken Tikka Masala (these two rotate so you will get either one of the other) are both wonderful and there's always a few delicious vegetable dishes that are cooked and seasoned to perfection. Vegetables that I would never consider eating elsewhere are somehow transformed into pure delights.Also excellent is the selection of pakora and the large, delicious Samosas (I usually manage to polish off three of these).Freshly cooked naan (so fresh you almost burn your hands if you aren't careful) is so good you could make a meal out of it and some of the sauce from the buffet alone. Our hosts usually offer us our choice of plain or garlic naan - or even both. They are eager to please their customers here at Mt Everest.Quite often I can tell when an Indian restaurant is going to be good by the number of Indian people eating there - Mt Everest attracts a diverse mix of clientele, yet does not fall into the trap of becoming too westernised.If I have one small criticism it is that Gulab Jamun (a personal favourite) never seems to appear as the dessert on the buffet, but this is an extremely minor complaint.The dinner menu is extensive with as many as ten options for each base type of food (veg, chicken, lamb etc). At dinner you get a free serve of papadums along with well priced servings that were a good 30% cheaper than in some of the local competitor restaurants and possible TWICE the size - Extremely good value and the dinner time Butter Chicken could be the best I have ever tasted.Note: You might want to look over all 1 star reviews of Mount Everest (and for that matter, all Vegas Indian restaurants) with a critical eye. You'll notice they are often from people who have written no other real reviews. I strongly suspect there's some "review wars" going on between different establishments. You'll notice they will always claim that staff are "rude, disrespectful, etc" - There isn't an Indian restaurant in Vegas I have been to where the staff have been anything short of gracious to the point of humble and Mt Everest is no exception. Don't believe the bogus reviews that claim otherwise.
5	This is an extremely good Indian restaurant. The chefs certainly know their way around a spice rack. My favorite dish so far is the vegetable korma. I'd suggest ordering a side of garlic naan with your meal, since it's hands-down the best naan in town!I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	Fail to understand the Yelp hype here. Very standard north Indian restaurant. Solid, and in the top half of that category, but not 5 star by any stretch. Only a couple of Nepalese dishes. Vegetable chow chow was kind of lame, just a few chopped peppers and onions. There are too many Indian restaurants bringing the same menu and they all blend together. India is a huge country (especially when you're including neighboring countries like Nepal), and it has a vast variety of cuisines and styles. Somebody please bring something more adventurous than saag paneer and chicken tikka masala.
5	good solid indian food. The lunch buffet is an amazing deal. The food is always made to order.  Dinner and take out is always great. Would recommend this restaurant to any one craving indian food.
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover (they got new windows that makes them look closed hehe). We love this place. Great selection, changes per day (good thing because we do come here consecutively). The service is friendly and attentive. Lunch buffet= 8.99, wow. For the low maintenance diner.
4	I've been to Mt Everest several times for lunch (buffet) and dinner, and have been pleased on each visit. I had dinner there about 1 week ago, portions were large, food was good quality, service was fast and friendly, overall definitely recommended.
4	Don't let the location put you off.  I've been here over a dozen times for both lunch and dinner and have left happy each time.Definitely try the buffet for lunch.  Food is hot, fresh, and tasty.  You get both plain and garlic naan as part of the meal, all for $10.Dinner is great as well.  Lamb and chicken dishes were quite tasty.  The only dish which has disappointed was the tandori which was flavorful but overcooked and dry.  I've tried it twice with the same result so I'm sticking with the curries.
4	this place hits the spots and location is a little dirty looking on the outside,   but inside clean and totally different atmosphere, they impressed my friend that they use real table clothes at lunch? It is off the strip,no casino buffet  line here,prices are great and food is tasty too.. If you have few friends get the coupon on their web site-to get  a discount... lunch was hot and fresh,and we got garlic and plain naan,with our meal,oh yummy..And you have to splurge and get the mango lassi-again yummy..
4	I had dinner here tonight.  It was my first visit.  I had the Lamb Saag and an order of Garlic Naan.  I really enjoyed my meal.  I asked for it to be spicy.  It was a little mild for me, but it was still very good.  I'll be back to try the lunch buffet to get a mix of their food.
4	A luncheon with my fellow Yelpers, Misti Y. and Blair T. at Mt. Everest India's Cuisine was just delightful!! This Indian canteen is clean, but small. The variety of food choice was short, but it was good. They had 50/50 cuisine choice for predators and plant eaters! ;-) My favorite is their Nan basket that they brought out from the back, which is delivered to your table as you sit down with your food. I like this concept because some Indian buffets will have the nan sitting on the buffet to be grabbed individually.  The Mt Everest way, keeps the nan fresh and savory by delivery! The big plus is that they offer a coupon to purchase 2 buffets and get 1 free, which is good until May 31, 2010 (you can redeem this online http://www.citycoups.com/mteverestlv.html).I will be coming back and especially being located close to my office.
4	I had a fabulous lunch here with Yelp's Misti and Honey ! I'm not an Indian food expert - I'd defer you to Misti's review if you're looking for technical insight on the food quality. Overall I was quite impressed ! This will be my new go-to Indian food buffet spot for lunch. $8.99 ($6 with coupon!) is definitely a great price for the quality level. As the other ladies mentioned - the Naan basket is out of this world. Garlic and plain!? Yes please ! I might have eaten like half the basket - sorry girls!! I should also mention despite the location and the shady looking exterior, the inside is neat and clean and very spruced up. Don't let the location scare you - this place is worth the $9 investment.
5	A great steal for Lunch buffet $8.99 / person, gets you fresh garlic & butter Nan bread. Every item in the menu was great, with a great selection from about 20-25 items on the table.Ample parking space & about 5-6 miles from strip. My fav lunch destination in Vegas.... :)
5	Had the buffet and it was among the best indian buffets I've ever had (and I try to test them all out)  The service was a bit strained, because there was only one person doing everything.  Being a buffet, that didn't really matter too much, but a little more attentiveness would have been nice.I saw a review about it being too cold, but when we went, it was super hot and humid in the restaurant... so much that we wanted to hurry and get out.  If it is like that every time, it will definitely put me off of going in the futureEdit:  I've been back for the buffet probably 7-10 times since this initial review and things have been great ever since.  I'm upgrading to 5 stars.  I loooove this place!
4	Veggie options are very good here! I love the basmati rice. It is cooked to perfection!I have been here many times and they have different options in veggie dishes. My last visit they had an excellent cabbage dish which was sauteed in yummy herbs and spices.
4	"[Curry] makes the world go aroundThe world go aroundThe world go around[Curry] makes the world go aroundIt makes the world go 'round."- "Money" from Cabaret [with some slight changes]There's a reason Indian restaurant lunch buffets are so popular -- all the curry you can eat and lots of varieties.  Mt Everest knows it and does a great job with its buffet.  Options of vegetarian curry, lamb curry, chicken curry anchor the buffet offerings and they are all tasty, although a little lacking in spice (those looking to set the "roof [of their mouth] on fire" will be a little disappointed).  What makes Mt Everest's buffet exceptional are the additional offerings -- delicious samosas, sweet sticky rice, soft basmati rice and free, warm, garlic naan on the table.  All of which makes this the best Indian buffet in town.
5	Outstanding! My favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Very busy during the lunchtime buffet, evening dinners are more relaxed and comfortable.
4	What's up with me? 2 Indian buffets in 4 days. That must be a first for me. I don't think I've been to one for six months prior to this. My craving for the Indian buffet had not been satiated by my visit to Mint and so I was determined to have a good experience today. After extensive research on Yelp I decided to try Mt. Everest. A co-worker of mine agreed to join me (ditching his diet) thanks to the fact that Shari S had described the Naans here as being "billowy." We made the long 10 mile trudge to Mt Everest from the office. This buffet is seriously amazing. For a little tiny place charging 8.99 per person, it seriously hit every craving and made us happy campers. There is an extensive vegetarian selection in the buffet: soft Basmati rice with peas, Palak Paneer, Punjabi Kadi, Malai Kofta, Dhal, Cauliflower and Potato Stirfry, Sambar, Idly, Samosas, Pakoras and a myriad of chutneys, yogurt, salad and dips. I have only good things to say about every single dish on the buffet. Tasted good and the ingredients were all fresh. Indian buffets frequently omit primo dishes like Paneer (indian cottage cheese cubes), Kofta (indian dumplings in gravy), Samosas and fresh (not frozen) veggies in their food. Mt. Everest did no such thing...they spared no expense and made this buffet experience fantastic. My co-worker who eats meat couldn't stop raving about the creamy Chicken Makhani, Lamb Curry and the Samosas (he went pretty crazy with all the chutneys). And yes, the garlic naans that came with the buffet (we asked for garlic) were billowy. And extremely tasty. My only gripe with Mt. Everest is the dessert selection. They had sweet rice...which really is a cop-out dessert. But I settled for their fresh fruit selection (oranges and watermelon). I would give these guys a 4.5 stars (taking off a half star for the dessert) but since I can't on Yelp, they get a four. Next time, if they serve Gulab Jamun I will be more than happy to up it to a no-questions asked 5 star review.It's truly heartwarming to see an Indian buffet keep it's quality consistent even after being open a while. Mt. Everest really did warm my heart and brought back some of my lost hope in the Indian buffet genre in Las Vegas. Thanks to all the Yelpers that did a wonderful job describing this place. You guys were spot on!
4	The buffet is pretty good compared to all the other indian buffet in town. but you really have to try some of the stuff off the menu! the vindaloo and jalab gamun were excellant. I also tried the chai here, but it left something more to be disired. all in all, its always a positive experience here. ANd like everyone says, you have to try the garlic naan bread.
3	I'm not down for Indian, but I gave it a try.  I unfortunately eat with my nose, too, and I cannot stand the smell of curry, but I tried.The plus for those who don't like Indian cuisine but are forced to eat at an Indian restaurant is the Naan.  Eat lots of it.  It's awesome.I gave a 3 based on the bread and the lamb.  Lamb was good and not too overwhelming.  Ignore my review, though.  It's not fair because I'm biased.
3	Lunch buffet was mediocre.  Flavors were good but meat quality was below average.  Service was average.  Nothing special here.
4	As a kid I used to hang out with a lot of guys from Sri lanka and Malaysia and this place reminded me of the food they made.  I didn't look at the menu much on this visit because that buffet called to me, teasing my nose like a cartoon depiction of the smell of food tickling Scooby's nose.  The curry selection here is fantastic and so are all the other dishes on the buffet.  This is definitely my favorite Indian cuisine restaurant now and I will come here anytime my better half lets me lol.
5	I'm not an expert on Indian food , it's probably not even on my list of top 10 cuisines, Maybe every 4 or 5 years I'll have a craving for Indian food. I'm more of a Japanese or Thai  curry person. After today's meal at mt everest I will b eating more Indian curries . The lunch buffet was really good . Everything was hot and fresh,the naan bread both garlic and plain was super . Everything I ate I enjoyed  daal,tandoori chix, some spinach and cheese dish a lot of other foods don't remember the names. Service was attentive and the restaurant look alot better inside then out,I think it was a burger king in it's former life . Like I said not an expert on Indian food, but this was goooood!!
5	Reviews are 100% correct.   Food is outstanding and very authentic!!!   Beware that the place DOES not look that impressive from the outside, but rest assured the Food is outstanding!
4	There are already plenty of reviews, so I'll focus on the korma sauce. It's a creamy concoction of special magnificence! Whenever this buffet has anything with korma, I have to eat it. The sauce is rich, slightly spicy, and quite magical. Everything else is also tasty and the Bollywood videos are hypnotizing. My only complaint is that on several occasions the service has been rather grumpy.
4	A bit sketchy on the outside, and thankfully I did not judge the book by its cover.  Buffet had many good options and was a steal at only $8.  Naan was among the best I had in Vegas this trip.  The korma sauces were rich and flavorful, just as other yelpers mentioned.  I think the one I had was cheese cubes with peas, and it was quite delectable.
5	This is by far the best Indian lunch buffet I ever had in Vegas.  The service was amazing and restaurant itself it clean and quiet.  Most Indian restaurants' lunch buffet are dishes from days ago.   At Mt Everest I could really taste the flavor of different spices they use and the meat dishes were tender but not too soft.  The curry dishes were just perfect, enough sweetness but also taste the kick of other spices they use.  I truly believe this place roast their own spices and grind it up themselves also.
5	Loved the place. Glad we found it on Yelp because the outside isn't very inviting. I'd definitely pass the place if I saw it since it looks very plain and the buiding is aging.   First, the price is great at under $8 for the lunch buffet. The manager and staff were very nice and attentive. We were seated right away, so no wait around 12pm.I tried everything, the chicken curry, chicken korma, veggie korma, palik paneer, dahl, soup, rice pudding, etc. with a hot Indian chai.The veggie korma was very creamy and seemed even better than the chicken, though the chicken was really good. This isn't diet food and we had a very light dinner since we were full all day. I saw some people get the buffet to go, which seemed like a good idea. At $8, you meet or beat the price of most other lunch spots.Other stuff: chai was as it should be. Nothing super special, but I'd order again. The garlic naan was different, but we prefer regular naan. The garlic changes the flavor of the food too much. Regardless, it's nice having warm, fresh naan brought to your table instead of having it sit on the buffet . Due to our complete, total satisfaction, the price and friendliness of staff, I'm giving a rare 5 stars.
3	3 stars is really giving the benefit of the doubt here.  I would say service was a solid 4 stars (although there was a bit of the soft upsell here on beer and extra side items like multiple orders of naan), but food was 2 stars, 2.5 stars tops.I really like the strong and bold flavors of Indian cuisine, and also the quality of the sauces, which tend to be very smooth, with supporting notes of texture like cashew or other items to provide some 'tooth' to a dish.  I found the sauces here to be very heavy, a bit 'gloppy' and just lacking in quality - the sauces just weren't inviting to me.  Actual taste of the sauces was ok - serviceable, but nothing great.  Also, lamb was pretty tough, and chicken had small bones (the kinds that should not be in a dish, small enough to catch in one's throat and cartiledge - just unappetizing.  Paneer dish we had was one of the better items, but sauce still had that heavy and unpleasant texture.I have not yet found an Indian restaurant in Vegas that measures up to Origin India in its heyday.
2	Wow, I'm going to be the black sheep here and give this restaurant only two stars.  When my husband and I entered for lunch a few days ago, the manager or owner was talking on the phone.  We stood by politely waiting, until he pointed us to sit *with his CHIN* - the phone still strapped to his ear, never once addressing or welcoming us to sit by words!   I was surprised, but didn't say anything.  The restaurant itself was really dark inside, there were no lights turned on at all, just a little natural light coming from the small heavily curtained windows.  Nice surroundings and kind interactions make food taste better in my line of thinking, so this restaurant just failed in these respects.   The buffet itself was fine, nothing was amazing nor was anything bad.  After we sat with our food, the same manager brought a basket of naan and actually TOSSED it down onto our table as he walked by without even making eye contact with us, still jabbering away on his phone.   My husband and I just looked at each other and laughed, it was that bizarre!Needless to say, I will not be going back.  There are other Indian buffets in town that serve great food, have an inviting ambiance and treat me like a valued customer.
4	I visited this restaurant in June, and I had their lunch buffet.  The food was excellent, and their prices reasonable for good Indian Cuisine.  I would definitely go back there when I return to the Vegas area.
4	O Happy days.When on site at my client in Las Vegas I cannot wait for my lunch break so I can jet down to Mt. Everest India Cuisine for my much needed Indian food fix. I became aware of this place after searching Yelp for an Indian restaurant and have never looked back.The restaurant is just a couple of minutes away from my work site so the lunch buffet works out really well. I can immediately sit down, order my plain naan bread and start dishing up.The food is always flavorful and there are always very many options to choose from. They take care of the vegetarian and the meat lovers between us. I take particular joy in the Chana Masala at this venue - a delight which is shared by one of the waiters who told me this a while ago :)I love the fact that I can go back to scoop some more of any Indian curry with which I can enjoy the remainder of my naan bread. I have ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala take out with Mt. Everest before and that sparked off my 'must have' mindset with which I now approach every trip to Las Vegas.I confess that I will easily come here more than once per single work week because that is how good the food is. And as for the price - you will hardly ever convince me of better value for money elsewhere.
2	We went here for dinner about a month ago. We had the samosa chat for an app (cubed samosa with yogurt and mint sauce). It was good but I'd probably try something different next time. Seems like it's made out of leftover samosas.We also got raita which was good but a little tarter than I like. The garlic naan was yummy. For main courses we had prawn biriyani and mateer paneer. The prawn biriyani was tasty though the rice was on the al dente side. The matter paneer had a nice sauce. The dinner was good overall, but there are better Indian restaurants in town.
4	Not an expert on Indian cuisine but I love this place. Very tasty food.  The waiter (owner?) has always been very kind and has dishes prepared as I like them... I never see any crowds here and never have seen more than a few tables with people at them, I don't know why and its a shame.    But thumbs-up from me.I really hope it stays in business.  I've visited other local Indian places, this one is by far my favorite so far.  Really good quality Indian dishes, especially spicy ones, can be hard to find and they go downhill really fast if not prepared with care.
4	I had never tried Indian food before and there's no better way to try it for the first time than to come here for their lunch buffet. Prices are very reasonable: $8.99 and the selection is pretty extensive. There were at least 4-5 different vegetarian currey options and 3 different meat options.  All the food was very fresh with tons of flavor. You're instantly smacked in the face with all the different aromas of the Indian spices as soon as you enter the restauarant. The service was also great. My water glass never got more than half empty before someone was by to refill it. I was very impressed. I think my favorite part of the whole experience was the Naan basket. They give you a basket of what looks like toasted pita bread, but it's so much better! It comes plain and with garlic and WOW the garlic naan was SOO good. I could probably just sit there and eat that all day. Overall, this was a good first experience. A little overwhelming since I didn't know what half of the food was, but it all tasted delicious.
5	Today was my second visit to this restaurant. and like my last visit , I was thoroughly impressed.  The cost of the all you can eat buffet is $8.99 and it's worth every penny.  I'd be willing to be a couple of dollars more, it would still be an excellent deal.The decor is nice, nothing special, but it's white table cloth and clean.  The service and attention that your given is excellent.The food is absolutely fabulouso.  The lamb will melt in your mouth, the curried dishes are absolutely delicious and there is a great deal of variety so if your a vegetarian you'll be very happy.  The food is hot and very fresh and Naan bread was quite tasty.I'll be going back to this restaurant again and again.
4	I came here with my husband about an hour before closing time. I don't usually like going to restaurants last minute but I have been craving Indian food for awhile. I really wanted to try a lamb dish even though I've never been a big fan of it in the past . I've always thought the taste of lamb had a weird after taste. I tried the Lamb Vindoolo ($12.99) which is cooked with potatoes and Chilly sauce. The lamb was tender and surprisingly no weird after taste. It was really good ! I also had a Mango Lassi that was super delicious. I'm glad it came in a clean glass because at Bollywood they gave me a glass with a whole bunch of fingerprints all over it. That was a turn off! My husband had a salad with garlic naan .The salad tasted great with the naan but too sour without it. The naan came out hot and had a nice garlicky taste to it. We didn't feel rushed even though we came in an hour before closing time. The service is attentive, quick, and friendly.
4	Buffet doesn't look like it will be tasty- but all of it is very good. Plus the Garlic Nan bread is the bomb
5	I found great review from fellow yelpers about this restaurant but never gotten a chance to try it out until last week. Wow, I'm glad I did. I have lived in Vegas for half a decade already and this is by far the best indian buffet restaurant in Vegas. The price is reasonable (8.99), but the food is what made them apart from other indian places. The tandoori chicken was flavorful and moist ( other places tends to have dried out chicken) and the curries were awesome. They removed the bone from the chicken and lamb curries so it was so much easier to eat and not bite into one of those small bones. So many other varieties, so little time and stomache space. =)
4	I wish they were closer to where I live! The service was alright, we couldn't understand what one of the waiters was saying but he main guy was super nice. We waited for about 30 min for the food to arrive. I had the Lamb Korma and my husband had Lamb Vindoolo and we shared some traditional and Garlin Naan bread with a cup of Chai. The spice was perfect, my husband had the hot and I has medium. Hot enough for him and just a little kick for me..perfect =D I'd come back again in a heart beat.
4	according to my indian roommate...this place is ok. however, when she is comparing the food to her mom's home cooking, that means the place is pretty legit. we stopped by to check out the lunch buffet. you can't really beat it for $8.99. lots of food....plenty of curries (veggie, chicken, lamb), samosas, buttered chicken, etc. the naan was really good, they brought it out piping hot from the kitchen. i'm not the best person to ask about indian food...but i thought it was good. so i would def come back. =)
4	Went to Mt Everest again last week and noticed that some items were changed, so I'm not sure if they have different items each day or not. No goat curry, bummer!!! Anyway, the food were not as good as the last time I tried it. I mean, it's not bad, it's just not as good to be rated 5 stars. Anyway, last week experience deserved only 3 star, so I kinda averaged it out to be 4 star.
4	Great local place off the strip for indian food buffett!  Have been twice and love it!
4	I used to come to this building all the time...when it was a Burger King.  This was my first visit since Mt. Everest took over.  I went for the lunch buffet.  The selections were somewhat limited, but the food was pretty good.  They bring naan to the table.  Those who have eaten at other Indian buffets know that this is a nice touch, because it seems that you always have to wait and fight for the naan if it is on the buffet line.  The workers were friendly and efficient with water refills and plate removal.  Strangely though, they did not come to refill the soft drinks.  Like I said, this used to be a Burger King.  With that being considered, the decor was nice.  The white tablecloths are a nice touch.  The parking situation can be a bit dicey as it is located in front of a busy market.
4	I love Indian food but we usually go to India Palace so when I got a $25 off coupon, we decided to try them out! I am so glad we did!  Their prices seem to be slightly lower than India Palace and their portions were definitely much larger.We had the vegetable samosa to start- it was a tad salty but with the two chutneys, they really balanced out.We also had:Chili Naan- was good, not spicy at allChicken Tikka- same as tandoori chicken but boneless. It was good, some pieces were a little dry but overall pretty good.  I don't understand the french fries on top though...that kinda threw me off..hmmm.Lamb Vindaloo- delish.  Lamb were actual pieces of lamb, not the ground lamb like some places use.  Very flavorful, not too gamey.Aloo matter- potatoes and peas in a sauce, again, large portion and large chunks of potatoesOverall- everything was excellent, medium spice still gave all the entrees a little kick.  I just asked for hot sauce on the side to add to my food since I really like it spicy.Will definitely be back, next time with my daughter as I know she will really enjoy it!  No butter chicken on the menu but think I'll try the chicken korma next!
4	Stopped by this unassuming little Indian joint before going to a show a while ago and I found it to be a great find. The restaurant is actually an old Burger King, but the decor inside hides its tragic past. The food was well made and came out quickly. The service was great; the waiter was attentive but never hovered. He even made sure my table knew we ordered both vegetarian and meaty dishes so as to avoid confusion. I would recommend this place and happily go back again.
2	We received pappadum plus delicious tamarind and mint sauces to begin our meal and after an exceptionally long wait we received our aloo tiki, deep fried mashed potatoes, which were overdone and virtually inedible.  A few minutes later the remainder of our meal, chicken makahani, lamb saag, plain basmati rice and kabuli naan (stuffed with raisins and nuts) appeared.  The naan was flat as a pancake and the filling was very bland.  Both entrees were large and delicious though the lamb was on the tough side. We concluded the meal with a shared portion of carrot halwa which was a bit too sweet.  Service, other then by the busboy, was abysmal from start to finish.  The sole waiter, I am guessing the owner, sat in a booth across the room from us playing with a cell phone and never once looked in our direction to determine if we or any of the other diners needed anything.  I had to call the busboy over to get our check and then it took the waiter an inordinate amount of time to process the payment.
4	I have been going here with my Bangladeshi friend for over a year.  I found it while going shopping at the Mexican market next door (didn't buy anything, kinda crappy selection, but I was looking for a horchata).  Anyway, it is not a large selection for a buffet.  But the items that they have are very good.  There is half for vegetarians and half for meat eaters.  I usually get a lot of the tandori chicken and lamb with curry. Their dessert rice pudding of some sort is pretty dang good too.  I think it is a staple of most Indian restaurants but they do it well here.  I usually grab 2 co-workers and use buy 2 get 1 free coupon and pig out once per month during lunch hours.  Dinner is the same but they dont have the buffet.The place is clean and the nan bread comes out hot. I told my friends this was a hole in the wall, and it is on the outside, but inside is tastefully done.  On the wall is the obligatory Indian dramas who dance away the whole time you are eating.
2	Read the reviews and wanted to give this place a try. Bonus this restaurant is on restaurant.com. Located in a seedy area of town but very welcoming inside. First thing we ordered was the lamb Samosa and was disappointed. Way salty. But the garlic naan and chicken tandoori was yummy.  Learned something new though... One of my favs 'butter chicken' is called chicken makhani.
5	Up until now I never really liked Indian food, especially a buffet.  Everything just seemed soggy, overcooked and old.  THIS restaurant however,  is completely the opposite of my preconceived notion. We went for the lunch buffet.  It was amazing.  Everything was fresh and hot.  A very good selection of both vegetarian and meat dishes.  Most everything I tried was absolutely delicious.  I went back for seconds and even thirds.  The next day, I came back for more!  The restaurant was clean, the decor tasteful and comfortable.  The price was very good too. Careful though, all that curry can get to you.  ;)
4	This was our first visit to Mt. Everest, and we went for dinner.  The ambience was perfectly okay, not fancy, just a typically-decorated Indian restaurant with decent lighting, meaning it wasn't too bright!Initially, I was put off by the young guy who came to take our drink orders.  He was Asian, but not Indian, and I could barely understand a word he was saying.  I thought he might be Nepalese, and it turned out I was right.  I don't think he's been in the desert long enough to be dealing with customers, since his English was unintelligible.  But by the time he took our food orders, I'd caught onto his rhythm enough to understand and be understood, and by golly, he got the order right!I was happy to see three different Thalis on the menu.  I like being able to taste a little of everything.  We ordered the Special Mt. Everest Thali and also a Vegetable Biryani.Almost everything on the Thali was terrific.  The appetizer plate came with one very large veggie Samosa, a bunch of very small pakoras, some pieces of ground mean whose name I can't remember, and boneless Tandoori chicken.  We were full before the Main Event.Then came the Thali platter.  On a Thali, the dessert is right there on the platter, along with the food.  It was supposed to be Gulab Jamun, which is not a favorite.  But instead, there was kheer - the rice pudding - and it was the most watery kheer I'd ever tried.  We asked if we could have kulfi instead, and were cheerily obliged.The only other problem with the meal was the Raita.  Every Indian restaurant makes it differently, but this one was special:  especially AWFUL!  It was watery, tasted a bit sweet, and just downright peculiar.  Nevertheless, we packed it up along with our other leftovers.  When we opened the container the next night it was FIZZY.  It got the boot immediately.The biryani was a huge portion of rice.  It was well-cooked and tasty, but not much in the way of veggies, which made it a big disappointment.Overall, we enjoyed the meal and definitely will return.  But I don't know what we'll do for raita.
4	Love this place. I make excuses to be on that side of town mid day so I can do the lunch buffet. Delicious. Wish I didn't get full so quickly. Went the first time with a visiting friend. We had the big sampler deal- took home two styro containers. It was even delicious cold the next day. Indian cuisine is not for everyone- but if you like it- you'll love Mt. Everest.
3	This place may have tasty Indian food but somehow I felt bloated all day after eating here. Maybe because of baking soda in the bread. I remember hostel messes in India doing that to keep people from eating too much??? I agree with some of the reviewers here that the Owner/waiter needs to have an attitude makeover. He scowls if people ask for another round of nans.Thankfully his cellphone did not go off while we were there...And rice pudding as a desert! I can't remember when a Indian resturant got away with pulling that stunt off. India has so many wonderful deserts and surely rice pudding is somewhere down at the bottom of that list....If you have to eat Indian in LV, maybe this would be my recommendation just because others are worse (Mint-ok, Origin-terrible)
3	I guess it's not fair for me to review this place while I didn't get there until the last minute of lunch buffet... I was actually surprised they let us in. Food was old and dried by then, but they sure tasted great. Next time, I'll come earlier.
4	We spotted when we were just driving by on the way to church. We decided that we'd give it a try on our way back. The exterior doesn't shout yummy Indian food; but the interior was nice and clean. I always check the restroom to see how well it is maintained before dining somewhere. It also was quite clean. There are booths against the walls & windows with round  tables in the center. There were several families and a few couples dining. What I really noticed was that everyone seemed to be having a good time and the conversations from the other tables could not be heard from where we were sitting. I thought that was a plus because you could have a private conversation or laugh at jokes without disturbing anyone else. They did an excellent job at seating their customers throughout the restaurant.All in all, we were impressed with the quality, portions and price of the food. For starters, you get a basket of papadum with two little dipping sauces. We ordered Lamb Vindaloo (classic spicy lamb w/potatoes), Chicken Jel Frenzi (chicken with bell pepper, onions, mushrooms in sauce), Aloo Kauli (potatoes & cauliflower), and two orders of naan (garlic & keema/lamb). The dishes had wonderful sauces with excellent consistency for sopping up with naan. Everything was fresh, hot and yummy. The service was good. The waiter never let our water glasses get empty. And the food came out as ordered in a timely manner. I will definitely put Mt. Everest at the top of my list for non-franchised Indian dining.
5	Great atmosphere and even better food. I am not experienced in Indian cuisine (this was my 1st experience). I had the lunch buffet so I could try a little of everything. The lamb and chicken were moist and tender, and everything was very flavorful. The lunch buffet is a steal at $9.99. I was overly impressed by everything at this restaurant.
5	Wow. I like indian food, but I am very picky with it and only have made a few dishes at home which I like. My sister and I walked over here while I was getting my windows tinted a few weeks ago and man was I impressed. Very much so!!I have never been a fan of lamb, but their lamb curry was to die for. Everything I put on my plate was absolutely phenomenal, and the sweet rice...oh the sweet rice!! I would live on that stuff forever. The service was fantastic, and they were very concerned that we enjoyed everything. The naan was fresh and delicious...I ate two plates full until I was ready to burst. I have decided I love Indian food, and am so happy because I was always thinking I wasn't so big on it.I cannot recommend this place enough, absolutely DELICIOUS!!
3	I went here for lunch buffet and think that its an an ok for an indian lunch, its not over the top but its not bad either. Very limited items, tandoori chicken a little too dry, the lamb meat was good, chicken was good and thanks for the naan that cooked fresh.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but this place was pretty good. Lunch buffet was only $10! Great price for Indian food and they had an array of different dishes. I really liked the sweet rice. I've never had that before at an Indian restaurant. Great place if you like Indian food.
3	The BF and I came in and we were sat down immediately with some ice water and papadams with chutney as we browsed the menu.We decided to get theMt Everest Special ($21.99) Which comes with: mixed appetizer, salad, papadam, chicken tikka, dal makhani, palak paneer, lamb curry, chicken tikka, rice, naan, raita. For dessert gulab jamun and chai tea.  We did not really get what was on the menu as we didn't get salad or our dessert but Kheer rice pudding instead. I didn't realize this until looking at the online menu for this review. Either way- it's alot of food but would have been nice to get what we ordered. The mix appetizer was some grilled sausage, chicken tikka pieces, a samosa and little papadam bites. It was a very big plate and was super filling. The main dishes were decent with the paneer being my favorite. My one thing was that the paneer and the dal needed a bit of salt, but still good. Raita was more tangy and watery than most I've had, but was good to dip my naan in. The kheer was very nice and not too sweet.Chicken Korma ($12.99)- entrees come with rice. It was decent, but was more yellow curry flavor than other kormas I've had. We also got some garlic naan ($2.99) thinking that there might not be enough naan with the mixed plate but if we didn't order this the plain naan would be more than enough. The amount of food for two people with that is crazy. We had leftovers which I had for two separate and still very sizable lunches. We would have been very full and satisfied with just the mixed plate, but we had a restaurant.com certificate to use. Service was okay. They started off good with drink refills when they came to drop off food. After a while they were doing tasks and seemed to be really into it towards of our meal so we sat there for a while needing things. Overall, the food here isn't my favorite Indian but decent. It definitely is the most value large portions than any others I've been to.
4	I was surprised. Driven by this place countless number of times but never ventured in seeing as it used to be a Burger King back in the day. The food was tasty. Tried them out via a Groupon Now. The cashier didn't know anything about the Groupon which was a little bit of a turn off cause I felt guilty trying to use it but they honored it anway for takeout service. Had the Chicken Briyani and the Chicken Jalfrezi. I think the Briyani could have used for chicken but it wasn't bad. The jalfrezi was not bad either.
5	I love spicy and I miss the one restaurant in Los Angeles (closed recently) that used to make the best Chicken Vindaloo...   While in Vegas I discovered this place and I'm so looking forward to my next visit. AWESOME FOOD! super delicious! Wish they moved to Los Angeles :oP
4	I took my family here to eat for an dinner at 5:30pm, since we purchased a Restaurant.com certificate. It may have the old structure of the Burger King, but it's a nice and relaxing atmosphere where they don't rush you.  I was impressed with their tandoori oven chicken. It was very good portion. I've ate at some other places like San Francisco where they don't give you too much meat on the chicken, but this place in Vegas is really good. To tell if an Indian restaurant is any good is if they can't make the most common, typical Naan and chicken tikki masala taste good that Indian restaurants are famous for, then I advise you run away and head for the hills! But seriously, their onion naan was good and tasty. Everything we ordered was good and we will definitely go back. :-)
4	I was looking for Indian take-out so I went to Yelp.  This place is out of my way, but I thought I would check it out.  I am glad that I did.I called ahead and ordered take-out. 30 minutes later when I arrived it was not ready.  It took almost 10 more minutes.  OK.  Now I know, so that is fine.  I ordered the lamb korma and garlic naan.  Woah.  Portions are for sharing.  I saved some for the next day and it was even better.  The large chunks of lamb (which I had to cut in half) were tender and tasty.  The sauce made me realize how much I missed Indian food.  The jasmine rice was perfectly done.  The garlic naan - delicious!  I saw there is a lunch buffet and plenty of seating. Maybe another day I will do the lunch buffet......   thanks to everyone who yelped on this spot.  I found a new Indian take-out spot.
5	After Misti Y. suggested Mt. Everest to me. I had to stop by to try out their $9.99 lunch buffet. I had such a pleasant experience here. I dined solo and arrived around 1:00pm (buffet ends at 3pm). The food was still hot & delicious. The rice was still soft. And it wasn't too loud or too busy. The server and the manager were so incredibly polite. They periodically checked on me to make sure everything was to my liking and my water cup was always filled to the brim!The food was awesome! A variety of lamb and chicken curry. A few vegetarian options. The samosas were on the salty side but still incredibly delicious. They had plain rice and a bright orange sweet rice which was awesome but I preferred to eat the plain rice with all the sauces and meats. The naan was fluffy and as delicious can be. ! I managed to scarf down a whole basked by myself!  Next time I'll be asking to try the garlic naan too. I saw a table next to me order it and it looked awesome!The food speaks for itself but the service is what will keep me coming back.Two thumbs up.
3	I ws in Vegas for the weekend, and was craving Indian food, so we decided to go here based on Yelp suggestions.We went for lunch and had the buffet- the food was nice. Decent. Nothing extraordinary but not bad at all... overall decent place. The service is good.
4	Another lunch favorite!  I've been several times for lunch, and always eat at the buffet.  The food is delicious; there's various traditional options, including basmati rice, samosas, chicken dishes (e.g., chicken tikka), dal makhani, and other vegetarian dishes.  There's also fruit.  The buffet actually has a good variety of food.  My absolute favorite is the sweet rice, which is orange colored and has peanuts (or cashews?) in it.  I have a sweet tooth and love rice, so this is the best of both worlds for me.  I'm not a huge meat eater, but am not vegetarian either so I end up loading up on the sweet rice.    My runner-up favorite (or actually maybe tied) is the naan.  Whoa nelly, the naan is ALWAYS warm and soft.  We always get a basket that has plain naan and naan with garlic.  The garlic naan is super good.  Although I'm sure it's a huge faux pas, I love getting the orange marmalade from the buffet (for the fruit) and putting just a little on the naan.  That's my dirty little secret at Mt. Everest.Overall, it's a great place to have lunch.  It's generally busy or at least half way full.  I think it also feels a little nicer because the tables in the center of the restaurant have linen table cloths.  Oh! And another plus -- they usually have a Bollywood movie playing on a flat screen tv above the buffet.  The sound is not on or is low, but it's fun to watch nevertheless!
3	Tried their lunch buffet and it was good for most part.They had a big selection of veg and meat dishes and also a south indian sambar and idli option. The place was very busy and it took about 15 min. after we had served ourselves to get a naan.The good items on the menu were:Kheer(rice pudding)-amazing!samosa-nicely seasoned and not greasy at allbutter chicken-very goodroghan josh( lamb)-very goodThe not so good:dal makhani-dal was not cooked completely and was tooooo saltykadhi-it was made very well but toooooo salty againpakora-dry and hardwhite rice-dried outSince they were busy, it was very difficult for us to get the attention of the server(who was the only one doubling as the cashier as well). We gave up and didn't get a second naan. It also took forever to get the bill so we finally walked up and paid at the register.It may be a good idea to get more help on the weekends.
5	We had lunch today at Mt Everest India's Cuisine with an out of town guest.We have been there before, but we feel this is the very best Indian Restaurant in theLas Vegas Area and beyond.  All the food on the buffet was outstanding.We especially love the spinach and lamb and chicken curry.  We had somespecial Indian hot tea for our digestion after the meal.  The two kinds of Naanwas awesome.  The owner is extremely pleasant and made us feel welcome.Our guest was impressed with the variety of food on the buffet and remarkedthat everything she tried was delicious. The service was outstanding and the value of the meal was incredible,  I can'tsay enough good things about this restaurant and recommend it very highly.
5	Was a very good experience. The owner literally ran to the kitchen when I ran out of water and was very attentive to us. I had Lamb Curry and it was very good, although I ordered it a little too spicy(7). Will definitely go again.
5	This has become our regular Indian place to eat, great food, great prices and friendly service.The food can tend to come out a little spicy, so if you normally order say a 7 at other restaurants, it's safer to go with a 5.We eat here every couple of weeks and always bring friends and family.
4	Great for Lunch and reasonably priced, and try Mo:Mo it's the best....best momo ever tasted outside Nepal!
5	Mt. Everest is a great find and we were really impressed with the caring service from Prakass and food.  We had Chicken Tikka Masala (fabulous) we were eating the sauce by itself when the chicken was gone, Rogan Josh (lamb) was tender and NO FAT.  The Naan bread was fluffy and crispy.  I'm not a beer drinker but our server Prakass suggested that we try the Indian beer, Taj Mahal.  Loved it. The food portions are generous as well.   Will definitely return
5	Lamb sagg is a must get. GREAT FOOD!!!
5	Local celebrity Yuhi K. recommended Mt. Everest to me and oh boy was she right? Oh yes. I'm a Brit, we know , or think we know, everything about Indian food. We grow up eating the stuff, there are more Indian restaurants in England than Mickey D's. Really! Would I embellish? Maybe but I don't think so in this instance.Anyway, Friday night and the kids ditched us. Outrageous I know, but gives Wifee and I a rare chance to eat what we want. "Yuhi K. recommends a place down on Sahara" I explain. "Who is Yuhi K.?" asks my leader. " She knows about food" I explain unconvincingly.It is a long drive down W.Sahara from my hood and Wifee is viewing my choice with suspicion. " It will be great" I proclaim "be patient". Mt.Everest sits in front of a slightly rundown strip mall but parking is easy and my expedition was a success.We were greeted promptly and offered a table or booth. Booth. The greeter/server guy seemed to be the owner. He was great. Recommended a great beer, Taj Mahal, 1.5 pints of frothy cold delight, Wifee grabbed a nice cold Chardonnay.We started with a mixed dish of samosa, kebab, chicken tikka and some other stuff. Fantastic and more than enough to share.Mains: I had a Mushroom lamb dish, I am asked how spicy I would like. being a big shot expert Indian food eater , I asked for 7/10. Too hot! I'm such a wimp after many years away from Blighty, Really quite pathetic. I tell my server/owner/guy. No problem! He took it away and brought it back re done at a more acceptable spiceness. ( I'm pretty sure that's not a word, sorry). Delicious! Served with rice and a garlic naan. Wifee has Chicken Saag, she ordered 6/10 on the heat scale. Perfect!Water was always topped up, drinks were offered frequently. Really great and we are going back. Often. Thanks Yuhi K.!!!!!
4	By far, my favorite indian restaurant in Vegas!I originally found out about them through groupon.I stopped by while in the area for take out.My go-to dish is often Chicken Makhani (heat: 6-7)but the second time I decided to opt for a dish that wasn't so heavy and the waiter recommended the Lamb Curry. The lamb was cooked to perfection!Lamb that is not cooked correctly is tough and gamey!The portions are generous and the price is more than reasonable. I will continue to go out of my way for Mt. Everest!
5	Yet again a great meal here, we eat here a couple of times a month and the food remains fabulous. It's nice to see the place getting busier as well.
5	Have eaten the lunch buffet here at least 15-18 times over the course of 3 years, and I must say that Mt. Everest is finally in it's prime. I immediately sensed a new chef 2 visits ago, and my guess was confirmed by the owner. The owner was visibly excited about the new chef's contributions, smiling and describing all of the new dishes. Tastewise and lookswise, the buffet has never been better. It costs $1 more than before, but it is worth it. The Sambar soup is perfectly seasoned, the new dishes (Chicken Chili, Vegetable Korma) are colorful and tasty, and the overall spice level is kicked up one notch closer to a straight-up medium. The Chicken Mahkani is masterful and complex - as good as some of the best Chicken Tikka Masala-type curry I've tasted. The Dal Mahkani is a 3 or 4-bean variety and is much improved over the previous chef's version. Great Samosas and Aloo Vegetable varieties. Very importantly, the buffet console is boiling hot so all of the food is steaming hot and remains hot on your plate several minutes after you sit down at your table. This is a huge detail that can make or break an Indian buffet. Mt. Everest nails it - keep it up! Business seems better than ever, which is a good sign that I'm not the only one who feels like this food has gotten really good. Typical to an Indian lunch buffet, the fresh-baked naan and roti are complimentary, but the whole wheat roti is especially good here - one would expect it to come out traditionally thin and flat, but the Mt. Everest version can be mistaken for a puffy naan bread - a nice surprise. Whole wheat roti has taken the place of white basmati rice in my Indian lunch diet.Buffet plates and bowls are clean and shiny. Water glasses are refilled constantly, every single visit. Finished plates are picked up quickly. Overall service is great. My only warning is you may smell like Indian food for the rest of the afternoon, so if you are on your way to an important meeting in a small office space, maybe bring a change of clothing if you are self-conscious about that kind of thing. I guess this is proof that when you eat the lunch buffet at Mt. Everest, you are immersed in a cauldron of Indian deliciousness.Go now and get it while it's hot! I've waited this long to write a review because if I really care about a place I want to make sure it's right before friends go try it for the first time. (see my Cravin' Cajun review).
5	The very best Indian lunch buffet in town!!  I literally enjoy every hot dish they offer and I'm glad they're still doing brisk business.  Stand outs for me include the korma, saag paneer, chicken tandoori and the chana masala.  How do people operate after stuffing their faces here for lunch?  I only go on my days off since I'm in a coma for at least a couple of hours after.
4	Went there for a lunch buffet and was greeted by a very nice gentleman. For the buffet they had a few chicken dishes as well as lentils, samosas, saag paneer sweet rice and regular basmati rice. Chicken 65 was spicy and flavorful but nothing too crazy since it was covered in chili peppers. The chicken tandori was good but a little on the dry side. The chicken makahni was very flavorful and wasn't too creamy. Their masala chai was very good and nan bread was excellent. I was a little disappointed in the saag panner because there was a lack of paneer I had 2 scoops of it and only managed to get 2 small pieces, but good thing they didn't overload it with heavy cream though. For dessert they had watermelon, oranges and rice pudding. I had the rice pudding and it was on the thick side. Aside from the lack of panner and tandori chicken this place is good and I will be going back.
4	I'm a simple man. You serve Butter Chicken on your menu and it doesn't suck? Instant fan. Actually, their Murgh Makhani is as good as anywhere I've ever had it. I ate the whole thing. Not sure what else I need to say on the matter.
3	I was wary of Indian buffet style but this was a good choice. Good service, good variety. Tandoori chicken, the paneer, and masala were good enought that I'll be going back.
5	The food here is delicious, flavorful and colorful. This nice Indian buffet on the corner of Valley View and Sahara costs $11.00, and it's worth it. The restaurant has a nice elegant setting as well.
4	Super yummy foods and a great buffet selection for veg heads like me. The mango lassi was one of the best I've had in a while. Nice friendly service and good food makes me a fan!
5	The staff here is very nice.  I came to expect much less from Indian/Pakistani restaurants.  They understand the meaning of hospitality and the food is outstanding.  Try the Chicken or fish Tikka Marsala with garlic naan.
4	Snagged an online deal for this place after I heard about it from friends; it was really great! The portions were generous, the prices were reasonable and the staff was very kind. They don't have a full bar here though, so plan accordingly.
4	A few friends and I visited Mt. Everest India's Cuisine and we all agreed that we enjoyed this place a lot.  The service was very good - we felt neither rushed nor neglected. The owner is good at guiding hesitant diners to the type of dish he feels each would appreciate. We had a lot of fun sharing 5 different dishes- all were delicious.Definitely a place to return to.
4	Delicious lunch buffet for 12 bucks. Good variety and fresh food. I will return.
5	Excellent! I knew I was in the right place when I saw paneer pakoras on the menu! Mango lassies smooth as silk!
4	Its hard for me to rate any indian restaurant at 5 stars because no one will ever compare to some homecooked meals by my mom.  But that being said this food was rather tasty.  They used an appropriate blend of spices that weren't overpoweringly spicy!  For an indian person I don't do as well with spicy food as one might expect.  This was a great balance of flavor amidst the kick in my mouth.  (I did ask for mild)I came here for dinner and not going to lie was a little turned off by the outside.  Very seedy looking place.  Then I stepped inside and saw that it was decorated in a comfortable manner.  Clean and efficient enough.  (at least for appearence's sake!).  They brought out some papadum and a couple sauces to go with it.I ordered the shahi paneer which was good, (not the best I've ever had but again i'm partial to homecookin). One little complaint I had was that I needed to ask for water a couple times as I tend to drink a lot of it while eating.  This is usually a given at higher end places, but as there was only two people working and it was rather busy i'll give them benefit of the doubt.  Also when I asked the waiter if I should try the shahi paneer or the paneer tikka masala he said he didn't know because he didn't eat vegetarian food.  (in a slightly rude manner)Overall worth the trip and they provide a solid indian food experience.
5	This restaurant is really wonderful. Went on a Friday evening, and was greeted by a friendly host right away. Appetizers and main course arrived quickly. The food was absolutely divine. The flavors were rich and full, spicy, but not too spicy. The kind of food that you want to keep eating even when you are full. The staff were all very friendly and attentive. My family will definitely be going to this restaurant again.
5	It was a fluke that my friend and I passed by Mt. Everest in search of a quick lunch after visiting the salon. We passed by Chinatown because she could not eat anything in that vicinity. Running short on time we were not able to get to our original destination. While on Sahara we passed by this place and good thing because my heart was set on Indian. Seeing that most of my friends has written so highly of this place, it was worth giving a try. For $10.99, the lunch buffet is one amazing deal. I wasted no time, got a plate and created a mountain that would give Everest a run for its money. Saag Paneer will always be my favorite. I spooned some onto my plate and was elated with the large cubes of cheese swimming in my spinach. The sweet rice can be eaten on its own as a dessert like the similarly florescent orange rice found in Vietnamese eateries or used to balance out the spice in your favorite curry. I ate it with my meal and it contributed a nice contrast to everything else on my plate. The Aloo Gobi was seasoned well, but did not have much cauliflower. The Goat Curry was tender and did not possess the gaminess that people normally complain about. The stew did contain many small bone. I spent some time picking through to be safe. The tandoori was dry on the outside and moist on the inside. I have never seen that before, so it was not a total bust. If there was an aspect to complain about, it was that I was not at the table to order garlic naan. Plain naan just doesn't do anything for me anymore. The Gulab Juman are delicious, but more than two of these fried milk balls and I am sure to become diabetic.
4	The buffet is good, but placing a regular order is the way to go. The Korma and Tikka curries are both great.
4	Lousy part of town, but the food is very tasty. Prices are good, especially when compared to Orange County, CA.
3	My favorite Indian place in vegas for sure.  Everything is spiced right, portions are good and filling.  Its one of those places you can be adventurous in ordering and you wont go wrong.  3 stars because I cannot validate the care, and freshness of everything as they have a lunch buffet, and buffet's for the most part are suspect.  You could do a lot worse, plus my friend tried it who is not an Indian food fan, and he did not get sick, and ate almost all of it...small victories
4	Four stars for meeting my expectations based on other yelpers.......We were not extremely hungry. I ordered the chicken Tandoori tiki, (hope I got that right... as I don't have my handy-dandy Asian Indian food guide close by...) and my wife, ordered the okra, which comes with basmati rice. We also ordered garlic nan, and for a specialty beverage, the mango lassi; a mango-yogurt drink. I'll say up front; "Everything was very good, and the mango drink was very much like what we drink, Brasilian style, mixing papaya, mango or passion fruit, with various forms of yogurt, ice cream, or condensed milk. I bet I've passed this place twenty five times over the past few years when in Vegas on business. The building is old looking, near the bus stop at the front of an older strip center, and in an older section of West Vegas. But once you walk inside, see a relatively nice interior, and see the many regulars we saw, you're probably going to have the same high level of confidence we had.While service is stereotypical-etchnic restaurant-slow and spotty......... the food does deliver. It will never be as good as homemade, if you cook Indian at home, but then, as a Brasilian family, we rarely find stateside restaurants that meet our standards. That's to be expected. But having enjoyed Indian cuisine over the years, I'm comfortable recommending this restaurant.   I've added Mt. Everest to my "black book" of off-strip restaurants. If it's good enough for the many Indian clients I saw there tonight, then I'm sure it'll be good enough for you. Remember that Indian clients could go anywhere in town, but there was a good number of couples and foursomes dining in tonight. This alone told us it must have passed their test for authentic and good-enough-food/preparation quality to compete with their own home cooked meals.So as they say in Vegas....... "I'm in......" at least for this Indian restaurant.
4	I love Indian food and this place delivered. I ordered the standard fare for me at an Indian place.. Tandoori Chicken Tika, Chicken Masala, and A mixed grill dish. All were very good. I was with my parents and could not ramp up the spice so it was pretty cool but I didn't order it spicy. So I am curious to hit this place and tell them max spice and see how it is.Each dish was good I thought it was kind of odd that I only got one rice with what appears to me to be 3 entrees. I requested a second rice and got charged. I dunno, thought it could be included. I also ordered these deep fried chiles to start. They were good but really unpredictable. One chiles was melt your face off the next had nothing so it was an interesting experience not sure what would happen next!I would go again for sure. Everything was done well and the food was good. Hopefully with some spice it will be great! Oh yeah.. had a groupon there too which was nice
5	YUMMY BUFFET! Reasonable price. Love their CHAI. Try their Buffet! Their desserts was awesome too. Service was awesome!
5	Outstanding service, Prakash is Awesome!! Food is delicious, I traveled all the way from Green Valley, Henderson to have the sumptuous buffet. Great Food, Great People.
5	I love Indian food and am able to cook most Indian dishes being an Indian from Singapore. Occasionally, we will eat out and my first choice is Mount Everest India's Cuisine. Why? The service rendered by Prakash is worth mentioning and he caters to our every needs. Thank you Prakash for excellent service and delicious food. Love the tea too..
5	First & Foremost, this is one of our favorite Indian Buffet Restaurant. Scrumptious spread of fine dining!. Loving every bit of it. Not forgetting their Masala Chai & Desserts. We were served with tender, loving & care by Prakash. Thanks once again for attending to us today as always. We appreciate it.
5	The Mt. Everest is the best of both veggie and meat worlds!  My wife is a vegetarian and I am on the Atkins diet.  I love the huge selection of meals and Prakash (the owner) is the nicest man.  The restaurant is spotless (table cloths!) with endless attention to detail.  I wish I had known about this place years ago.Try the Buffet lunch for welcome surprises.  They change the food selection every day.
4	We tried the lunch buffet, it was wonderful.  Food was very fresh, service was prompt.  The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is I wish the items were listed in English as well or maybe just a description.  I went with my husband who is not the biggest fan of Indian food and I know what I like but I can't really explain exactly what is in each dish.
4	Took my Punjabi friend there for the buffet lunch and we really enjoyed it!  Will be back again & again!
4	Cruising in my Lotus Elise rental, I wanted to get some good eats + a nice drive off the Strip. Indian food popped up and I dialed in this place.The inside was a bit darker/cooler than I thought, with just the buffet lamps giving light besides the natural light. Still pretty nice, the food was great and the waiter/owner(?) was nice. When I asked them about not having rice kheer dessert, they said it rotates with other different items (that day had a mango dessert). Darn. To my surprise, he brings out a complimentary bowl of kheer. Awesome! It is one of my favorite desserts; so simple, yet so good. The naan is nice and fluffy, too.
5	I am a regular here. Best value for an Indian lunch buffet. The Naan never disappoints, try the garlic naan Most of the food is somewhat spicy as it should be. The owner doubles as a waiter and even with 6 tables and 8 booths the service is still excellent and he also works the register.
5	My fave indian joint in vegas! Best lunch buffet ever! The food is always on point great selection and amazing service. The owner is always in the dinning room ensuring everyone is enjoying their meal! This place is fantastic ... everyone must try! Mmmmmmmmmmm
4	If you can look past the fact that this place is obviously a former Burger King, this is a great lunch buffet.  Jam packed on a weekday.  The only thing we had that we weren't crazy about were the samosas.  They were small and not very flavorful.  Otherwise, pretty solid.
5	We went for the lunch buffet, which was absolutely amazing!  The service was great and the food was unforgettable. I highly recommend this place.  The location is easily accessible too.
5	Just got finished eating at Mount Everest for their lunch buffet and I'm literally reeling in pain at my desk.  This opening line would work much better if you couldn't already see the 5 star rating I'm giving them.   Yes, this is that Sushi Mon all you can eat and then some, pants button undoing type of stomach pain, and not the having flashbacks of the Subway employee not washing his hands while making your Sweet Onion Teriyaki chicken sandwich type of pain.I wish I could describe what I ate in detail, but the truth is I have no idea.  On the first plate I tried everything on the right side of the hot buffet items, which resulted in a plate of rice and an assortment of deliciously spiced veggie and chicken dishes along with some Veggie Samosas and Pakoras.  After a while, sauces were blending into each other, pakora were getting smothered with various other items, left became right, black became white, and soon a harmonious melting pot had been achieved on my plate that rivaled any buffet experience I've had.  With each bite I had no idea which item(s) I were eating, but they were all fantastic.  Some of these bites provided quite a kick and the quickly refilled iced tea and water were much appreciated.I had no need for a 2nd plate.  I had no room for a 2nd plate.  Someone should have stopped me, but alas, they didn't.   Walking up to the buffet line, the only game plan I had was to try everything on the left side that I didn't try the first time.   Chicken Curry, Chicken something else, Chicken something else.  Done.  Unfortunately I also couldnt resist some more Daal, some more samosas, some more pakora.  3 bites in I knew I was in trouble.  12 bites in I started to hurt.  20 bites in I tapped out.   Now an hour later I'm finally starting to recover...You may have won the battle Mount Everest, but I will be back to win the war.
3	First of all, please don't go by their advertisement "vegas's biggest indian  buffet". It is not. Food was alright. Not good selection of appetizers. Place is ok.
5	Best Indian food in Vegas!! Highly recommend!!
5	Fantastic food and service! Te best Indian food in Las Vegas by far. I come at least once a week for the buffet lunch and I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here. The food is always fresh, hot and ready to go for you as soon as you walk in and the bread is always made to order and at your table as quick as can be. I've been in Las Vegas for four months and don't go any where else. The staff sets everything apart, they always welcome myself and friends in with a smile and fast service. You can get good food in other places but for great food and great service you have to come here!
5	My wife and I are new to Indian food and not all that familiar with different dishes so I found this restaurant online and saw in thier online menu that they had combo plates. The food was amazing and a perfect journey through the different tastes and textures of Indian food. It was a perfect way for someone new to the cuisine to experience many different tastes and in wonderful and large portions.The service was top notch by a gentleman I assume was the owner. I regret not getting his name but plan on returning there many times so I will make sure to get his name another trip.The inside of the restaurant was nicely decorated and clean, quiet and fairly empty for a Wed night, but has a very welcoming feeling and we both enjoyed it very much...thank you everyone at Mt Everest India's Cuisine!!Anthony and Alashia
5	We went here in our May 2012 trip. We are generally pretty picky about Indian food as we have eaten in India and almost all across America in many Indian restaurants. We were craving for some Indian food in Vegas and decided to try here. From the outside, it didn't look that inviting. But once. we were in, the service was awesome.Every food we ordered was authentic and to our taste. Tandoori Chicken is one dish that I am usually never satisfied in most Indian restaurants in the states. But the tandoori chicken here just rocked, it was juicy, scrumptious and perfectly cooked. Just like the clay oven cooked chicken in India.We love it.The host was generous in proportions and very friendly.Its a little gem in vegas.
5	Best indian food in vegas. We always go here and this food is delicious and authentic
4	Ok we went back again since my company wanted to go and I think the lack of service from my prior experience was because the owner was stressed out. Service was good again and food was actually much better and flavorful when you order it fresh.
5	Food with flavors. Just wonderfull. They never let my water glass get lower than half. The best!
5	Would you care to feed a small army?  Does your army enjoy delicious Indian-spiced foods?   Then bring them down to Mount Everest!I don't know why, but my husband and I always order our "staples" when we go to an Indian restaurant and we can be pretty particular about them.  Things were no different here.  Our staples are: Saag Paneer (called Palak Paneer here), Vegetable Korma, Mango Lassi, and Garlic Naan.  Because we had a restaurant.com coupon, we were also able to order Paneer Tiki Masala and Vegetable Samosas.Normally at other Indian restaurants this would be a ton of food for us which (sadly) we can finish if we are hungry enough (but we are giant pigs).  Mount Everest takes the cake for largest serving sizes in the valley.  We had two boxes of leftovers!  You are definitely getting your money's worth here.Not only are the portions huge, but this is some of the best Indian food I've had.  They have given my beloved Mint a run for their money.  The Paneer Tiki Masala had great flavor and lots of paneer.  Plus the paneer was fantastic- it was denser than most paneer and had a very mild flavor.  I could be wrong, but it seemed like it was made fresh.  The Vegetable Korma was mildly spiced (in a good way) and was loaded with a large variety of fresh vegetables.  The Saag Paneer was a little different than what I'm used to, but I still enjoyed it.  It was a little milder, had a lot of cream, and the spinach was well-blended.  All these dishes we ordered medium, but they were pretty mild on the spice.  I think we could have could have ordered spicier and been ok.The free Papadums were good and I enjoyed the mint and tamarind sauces.  The mango lassi, while having a very interesting intense orange color I'm not used to, was very good as well.  The vegetable samosas were gigantic but a little bit on the greasy side.  The garlic naan had every inch covered in garlic (hooray!) but seemed a little uncooked in the middle.  The service was very friendly but a little slow at times, especially when the place began to fill up.  The building may be a little iffy on the outside (what is that, an old Pizza Hut?) it was very nice on the inside and very clean.  Plus they play Bollywood movies!Oh, and did I mention that they gave us an extra giant order of rice for all our leftovers?  For free?Overall, this is a great place to enjoy some delicious Indian food.  Just be prepared to take some home!
5	Absolutely delicious. Best food in Vegas!!! EVERYTHING we had was delicious. There were six people on our group and ALL of us were very happy with the food and service. Every dish was perfect.
5	I've been on a quest to find the best Indian cusine in las Vegas and My Everest comes 1st every time! And trust me I have tried many. Everest is nice, delicious food, friendly staff, and the owner is cute lol Any way It's great food any time of day!
3	We came here for lunch buffet when I was majorly craving Indian food and my husband insisted we finally try something other than our usual place, Mint.The food was honestly good (and spicier than Mint, which was a welcome change of pace) but the surroundings are kinda bleh and we didn't get refills on our naan and we had to wait forever in between pop refills. The service was pretty iffy. The buffet selection is decent and I liked that they had samosas on the buffet.The food was good and I wouldn't object to going back but there are other places that I think offer a better all-around experience.
4	Being Indian and all, I can cook Indian food fairly well, but I seek out Indian restaurant for the beautiful diversity of regional specialties that I just don't know how to cook or do not have the equipment to cook (eg. Tandoor oven). In the 3 years, that I lived here I have yet to find an Indian restaurant that blows me away, but Mt. Everest is one of the "better" ones. Came here on a Saturday night around 7:00 PM. Not the best looking place from the outside, but still hopeful this was a diamond in the rough. The parking lot was full however, surprisingly there were only two other tables filled. However, towards the end of our meal the restaurant filled out.  My husband and I got there before the other couple joining us (it is one of their favorite restaurants).  The staff immediately greeted and seated us.  We had a few moments to look around...decor is a bit dated with the dark green upholstery, but well kept.  We ordered a bottle of wine from the limited but reasonably priced popular wines.  Once the other couple arrived, they were immediately recognized as familiar faces by the staff.  Prior to ordering we were served complimentary papadoms with the tradition mint and tamarind chutneys. We ordered Tandoori Chicken as an appetizer. This is a great value given there were atleast 8 pieces.  It came out sizzling hot, serve on a cast iron skillet.  I wanted to love it as its sight and sound captured my senses, but it was missing that aromatic smell.  That is right, it was not aromatic or flavorful...kind of bland for Tandoori, but nothing offensive and definitely well prepared.  Still worth getting, because it comes out fresh and sizzling, just spritz with lemon and sprinkle  salt it is more than fine.  Shortly after our main dishes came out--palak paneer, chicken tikka, rogan josh, garlic naan, and a side kachumber salad.  First off, the portions were plentiful, and more than enough to feed four hearty adult appetites and two for lunch the next day.  The palak to the palak paneer makes that dish silky, creamy and very comforting, but could use a bit more spice although it was ordered at a level 6 on spice scale (1 to 10).  The chicken tikka was tasty and familiar in the sweet, tomatoey style...I prefer it slightly less sweet, but again, well made and worth trying.  The rogan josh's flavor was complexly layers and my favorite dish; it almost like my moms!  However, we ordered it at a level 10 spiciness, but it was much milder than expected.  Although I don't eat bread, according to my fellow dinners the garlic naan was fresh, warm and soft.   The kachumber salad was standard.  Throughout our meal,  the manager/owner(?) kept checking to make sure we were satisfied and of course, asking if we wanted more wine once we finished the bottle we order.  He gave us generously filled glasses for $5, and we had a friendly conversation.  Overall, the food was prepared with quality ingredients and with care, but lacked a bit of seasoning.  I haven't returned to many Indian restaurants in Vegas, but I am sure to return to Mt. Everest because the food is good, well priced, and the manager and staff is friendly... a special combination lacking in most Indian restaurants.
4	4.5 Stars!Outstanding food!  Incredibly friendly service!  Slightly understaffed, but we are patient dinners.For the price the quality and portion size was wonderful.  If the food was not so affordable, then I would have been turned off by the atmosphere.  It's certainly is not classy, but doesn't offer any warm/old/divey feelings to placate my heart either.I would come here again and again .  I kept hearing "that was the best Indian food I've ever had" from fellow patrons...and for the price I would agree.  You literally have to pay twice as much to come close to beating Mount Everest!
5	Always a great experience.  Food is amazing with a excellent variety of spices.
5	Excellent place for Indian buffet.. I stayed in Las Vegas for 3 days and I tried couple of Indian restaurant but this stands out because of the quality and variety of food available. A+
5	Mean lunch buffet. The place is not fancy. For a buffet, the food is really good.
5	Best Indian buffet I've had. Ever.
5	Used a Groupon deal here. Wasn't sure it was good for the Thali, which if you go to an indian restaraunt is your best deal. You get a bit of everything.Like previous reviewers, this place is owned by Nepalese. When you drive up it looks almost like it is dark, not open from the outside, but I think thats because of the glare stuff they have on the windows for the heat during the day time.The service was great.We ordered a vegetarian Thali and I ordered the Mt. Everest Thali, which came with lamb, tandoori chicken and butter chicken, along with the vegeterian options.Normally at other indian restaurants I never get appetizers with the Thali. This came with the usual Paperdums, which had both mint chutney and tamarind chutney, which was made fresh you could tell.  In addition to that we got pakoras, fried califlower, and appetizers size chicken pieces and lamb.Ours came with dessert. Rice pudding and Gulab Jamman. The best we have had thus far. The Gulab was nice and firm and the syrup was thick not watery like I normally have experienced. We also ordered chai. It came in a big 32 oz cup, like a take-way, and was made fresh because it was pipping hot. My boyfriend wanted to go back the next day just for the tea!Highly highly recommend this, especiallyif you know your indian food, much better than Tamba on the Strip.
5	Per very positive Yelp reviews, a couple of friends and I stopped in here one evening... And very glad we did! Food was amazing & service was excellent! We ordered Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala and garlic naan- all phenomenal (and I eat quite a bit of Indian food). Our server, which I believe was also the owner, was incredibly nice and sincerely thankful for our business. Such great service seems hard to come by these days, so this place really made an impression on me. I'd recommend it to any one in town craving something other than hangover pizza. ;) Excited for leftovers tomorrow!
5	Got here at exactly 5:00, we were seated and given papadam right away. The staff were friendly. Food was delicious, & the chai tea was excellent, the best I've had. It was just a little bit of a wait but I didn't care since I had all night, lol. I shared the appetizer with my bf; it Really  filled me up.i was done after that. Great price! Must try Mt Everest thali specials for $21.99, trust me its a lot of food. Didn't I mention, awesome customer service?! For sho'
5	My boyfriend and I tried this because of a Groupon Now offer, and we weren't disappointed.  We ordered a chicken appetizer, the paalak paneer and a lamb dish we had not heard of before, along with some garlic naan.  The order was more than we could finish, even though we enjoyed every bite! Particularly, the lamb was so tender and succulent!The atmosphere was comfortable and the owner came to greet us.  We would definitely go back again.
5	A surprisingly awesome buffet in a place I would have never guessed (a bit of a shady corner next to a gas station). Easily the best Indian buffet in town, this place offers a small but very tasty buffet (about 12 items or so) accompanied by some delicious naan. The owner is very cordial and welcoming and will make sure your table is well taken care of.A lunch buffet with a mango lassi (very tasty, btw) will run  about $14 and will be worth every penny. They also have a la carte items, which I have never tried, but I bet they are just a tasty as the buffet items.
2	I've never had Indian food before so I don't have much to compare this place to. You definitely have to be somewhat adventurous with the different strong smells and exotic looking food haha! I would say that I enjoyed the food but the poor service I received is why I am giving them 2 stars. When we walked into the restaurant we weren't really greeted and the girl just pointed at a table for us to sit at. We went and filled our plates with a little bit of everything. No one came to take our drink orders so I had flag someone down for some water. Then a guy dropped off some naan and I said "oh, but we wanted to try the garlic naan.. Can we get some please?" And the man just rudely said we had finish this order first. We kept having to flag someone down to refill our drinks.!! Ugh~! I will say though that I loved the hot fresh garlic naan and the delicious chicken curry.. So much so that I find myself craving it! Hopefully next time the service will be better...
5	I'm normally not a fan of Indian food, but this place is AM-AZ-ING! We ordered a ton of food and gobbled it down like vagabonds who had been starving in the desert for centuries. I highly recommend the Chicken Tikka Masalla and Okra dishes. PS: You definitely can't judge this book by its cover.
5	My parents in law, husband and I were looking for some really good Indian food on our Thanksgiving trip to Las Vegas. My in laws had been to this restaurant before but this was the first time for my husband and I. We were not disappointed. The food was very tasty (but not oily at all), the buffet selection was wonderful (lots of chicken and non-vegetarian choices along with vegetables and dessert and salad). The service was excellent and the atmosphere was perfect.  My father in law does not eat naan and the restaurant offered to make him roti's instead at no charge. They are so kind!The best part? At 9.99 per person for lunch, this is the best deal you can get! I wish they had a location where I live in California. I plan on visiting this restaurant everytime I come to Las Vegas.Please visit this place next time you are in Las Vegas. I have nothing bad to say at all.
5	Excellent Indian food, don't be scared by the looks of the building. I run a software company with 15 employees in Bangalore and travel there a couple of times a year, so while I wouldn't call myself any kind of expert, I do know when the palak spices aren't fresh or the nan was left sitting. Neither of those things happened at Mount Everest. Definitely recommended.
4	This is our go-to place when we're craving an Indian lunch buffet ($10.99). Favorite items include their Murgh Makhani (butter chicken) and saag. In fact, their saag is so incredibly tasty that we suspect it is prepared with MSG. The wifey gets very sleepy after consuming MSG so we generally avoid it, but yet we keep coming back for more. Although the ambiance needs refreshing and their naan is too doughy for our taste, overall this is the best tasting place in town.
5	4 Stars for the food, 5 stars for the service, pleasant size, and great price.For a small buffet it had great variety, I particularly liked the goat curry and sweet rice.  What really made my visit great was the owner.  He was constantly attending to all the tables, providing refills on water and asking his guests how their meals tasted.  Attentive and kind, while providing great food, earns 5 stars in my book!
5	This is by far my favorite place for Indian food-and I've been to many places all over the city. The food here is comforting, full of delicious spices, and nicely priced. The entrees come with delectable basmati rice, which you usually have to order separately at other places. And the naan-the fluffiest,  softest pieces of Heaven! The buffet has a good selection of tasty things, and its always different so you get to try everything. The owner is so personable and nice. We come here at least once a month (if not more often) and will continue to do so! Love this place!!
4	Fantastic lunch buffet and friendly staff. The saag paneer is the best!
5	Love the service and food.  This place really has a family-run establishment atmosphere.Perfect naan and paneer tiki masala.
5	Hands down, the best Indian food in Las Vegas. The naan comes out hot, the saag paneer is amazing, masala sauce is the best I've ever had. The owner is a very nice guy who isn't afraid to roll up his sleeves and wait tables. Try the lunch buffet for a wonderful variety of dishes.
5	The only problem I've ever had here is eating too much. The food is delicious and the service is excellent. I've had their buffet a couple times, and it never disappoints - there are the typical things that I know and love, but there are always other dishes to try that are always yummy! When we come for dinner, I usually get chicken makhani at a spicy level 10 - positively to die for!I know there are other places in town, but if you want the best Indian food, look no further than Mt. Everest!
5	I LOVE this place!  I've eaten here many times and they've never disappointed.  The food is delicious - I almost always get the chicken tikka masala, but the chicken tandoori is to die for (spicy without being too much), and the naan (I've had garlic and regular) is fabulous.  Really, all the food I've had here has been excellent!I also love their lunch buffet.  It's a good deal at $10.99, and there is always great variety.  I've been able to try many things that I would have never ordered (goat curry - yum!) but there are also always some of my favorites.  Their dinner menu is reasonably priced (especially with a Groupon) but the lunch buffet is definitely the deal to get if you're in the area at lunch time.The first time I went the location was a little scary - it's on the corner next to a gas station and Mariana's supermarket and the outside is not super bright.  I was a little nervous, but as soon as I stepped inside I felt much better.  It is a cute place - tablecloths on the tables, well lit (not bright but definitely not "shady"), and the people are SO nice.  I've always had excellent service - definitely the nicest servers I've had in a long time!I definitely highly recommend Mt. Everest!
1	Roti's were softest ever and buffet items were decent. I am giving one star because of the rudeness I received. We wanted to order from menu and we were told there is a 15$ minimum per head including kids for ordering.  This is after the waiter asked us if we wanted to order, owner/manager came and told us that there is such a minimum and thats why they provided buffet(kind of telling us we cant afford 15$ per head luxury of ordering from menu). So if you are desperate for food, go here.
3	Food was no good. There were lots of indian customers inside. Is it a sign of good Indian food? For our taste, not good at all. Couldn't even find a spicy dish! Find another place in LV!
5	Wow! We went for dinner tonight at 5:00. Shady looking building but the inside is cute and of course it smells amazing. The men working were so nice. We ordered A LOT! The fried paneer, shrimp tikka masala, shrimp vindaloo, garlic naan, lamb naan, and mango lassi. Everything seriously was spectacular. Indian food is my favorite and my boyfriend and I are very judgmental diners. I'm not sure I've had better Indian food than this. The only suggestion I would make is to use larger shrimp. One of the guys even brought over a rose for me as we were leaving. Thank you all for giving us such a great experience.
5	We come here every time we're in Las Vegas, which is 2-3 times a year (major trade shows, and weekends away), and the owner, Prakash always recognizes us, which is nice. The food is great, especially the vindaloo, which is my favorite! Get the samosas, and some Naan to round out your meal. Bring your appetite, the portions are generous, and the prices very reasonable. Well with the trip off the strip!
5	first let me say I'm not a Vegas guy, if i never came back here I'd be happy. and trying to get a decent affordable meal on or around the strip is a nightmare. if you're being wined and dined, then by all means, have the sales manager take you to whatever over-priced Bellagio restaurant you see fit.if, like me, a great meal in a quiet place is what you're after, run, dont walk, to Mt. Everest. Prakash and the fellas serve up some of the tastiest Indian cuisine I've ever had. don't let the neighborhood (it's quite safe) or the former pizza hut exterior deter you, as soon as you walk inside it feels like an oasis. and the delicious smells of curry and tandoori greet you.the chicken tikka, served sort of fajita-style, was tender and delicious, and spiced to perfection. the saag paneer, one of my favorite indian dishes, was savory and so inviting that i kept going back to it as i "filled in the corners" at the end of the meal, when i'd already eaten too much. we also had their lamb curry which was not a ground lamb curry but featured a generous portion of cubed lamb shoulder perfectly cooked and tender.this is my new go-to spot in this ridiculous town. Mount Everest is fabulous!
5	My husband and I went to have some dinner and we didn't realize the time. The restaurant was actually closed and the owner Prakash welcomed us and gave us the option to order take out. We really appreciated that, and we were worried that his staff would be upset with us for ruining their closing routine! Prakash was so nice and he took our order and we even ordered extra sides after we had put the original order in, and he still accommodated us. He didn't even charge us for the extra sides. We will definitely come here again within hours when we are in town next time. The food was amazing spicy like we enjoy.
5	We noticed this place as we were out driving around. We thought it was a drive-through Indian restaurant, which we thought was such a great idea that we had to check it out.  To our disappointment, the drive-through window isn't operational.  Going inside, I expected fast-food furnishings and decor to match the outside of the restaurant.  No way!  White tablecloths and cloth napkins!  Waiters attending to the patrons.  And best of all, fragrant, delectable Indian cuisine - at a $10.00 lunch buffet!The disappointment of the non-working drive through window was completely forgotten once we experienced the excellent food.  It was so good that we kept embarrassing ourselves, "mmm!  Mmmma!  Oh my gosh this is so GOOD!"  Every dish was fresh, seasoned perfectly, not greasy, gamy or too salty.  Occasionally they even changed the food, putting out a completely different dish in place of something that was there before.The naan was amazing.  I could go there just for the naan.  They offered more, but we had to say "no thank you," because the rest of the food was so good.The vegetarian dishes were at a separate warming table than the chicken dishes.  This speaks volumes for how they care for their customers, and I'm sure the vegetarian customers appreciate this.The service was impeccable.  Our water glasses were kept full.  Even the water was good - no chlorine taste.  They didn't bring a check so we paid on the way out.  But that might just be how they do it there, which is fine by us.  We gave the highest tip percentage that we give due to the fine service and quality of food.  We will definitely be back.  This is now officially our place for Indian food.We just went back again today.  It was every bit as good this time.  And they offered an accommodation for our disabled son without our asking for it, which was very kind.  We'll be back again soon.
5	Some of the best Indian food in the area! To be honest, it's not in the nicest neighborhood. But if it's mighty tasty food you crave, at a very reasonable price, take the 5-minute drive off the strip to enjoy delicious grub. Don't be scared by the exterior, which rather needs some TLC, because the interior is actually quite nice and cozy, and well-maintained.Try the vindaloo, it's some of the best I've ever had anywhere. I wouldn't recommend the salad, it's not exactly as pictured. The naan, however, is fragrant and fluffy! The owner actually still recognizes us from when we visited one year ago... either we're funny-looking, or he's got a good memory. :)
5	Great food, great service!!   The staff took great care of our needs.  The owner even assisted in waiting on us and brought us a free dessert at the end of our dining.  We frequent Indian restaurants in all major cities we visit due to lack of options in Arkansas.  I would say this was one of the best we have been too.  We visit Las Vegas often and we WILL be visiting Mount Everest during our next trip.  Well worth the cab ride from the strip and we just hailed a cab from the street when we left.
5	This trip to Vegas my husband put the kabosh on expensive strip restaurants. So after yelping the best off-strip restaurants we decided to see what all the fuss was about. The bottom line (in case you don't wanna read on): food so good we came here 2 days in a row. Don't let the neighborhood scare you. Only a lil sketchy. The food is spectacular!! Best Indian food we ever had. EVER. we tried the Mt Everest thali which was plenty of food for 2 big eaters. The naan is yummers- both plain and garlic. Even the lamb, which I'm pretty picky about was so tasty. Not gamey at all. Our favorite dishes: chicken tikka masala, saag paneer. We came back for the lunch buffet the day after. I highly recommend it if you like variety and don't really know the names of the dishes. There wasn't a single thing we didn't like. Not only is the food amazing but service is great. Prakash is a great host. We will be coming here every time we come to Vegas.
4	I went here to convert two of my girlfriends to try and like Indian food, and it was a success. A classmate of mine told me about this place. She said this is hands down her favorite Indian restaurant in the city. So after a couple months of persuading, my two friends who aren't so adventurous in cuisines as much as I am, finally decided to accompany me to Mt. Everest. I'd admit the venue is a bit sketchy but I just kept pulling the two inside. I already know my favorite Indian dishes, so I ordered for my friends since they don't know what dishes are what. We went for Chicken Tikka Masala, Korma, and tandoori. I thought those dishes were the most "friendly" to those who've never had Indian food before, so yeah. We also got garlic and regular naan combination, and mango lassi (my favorite!). I liked every dish we ordered, especially the Korma. I can't stop dipping my garlic naan into it. And the lassi was just perfect. I wanted to drink a whole pitcher if I could. The service was very friendly and he didn't hesitate to help us with any questions regarding the dishes. In past experiences with Indian restaurants, I felt like the service have been quite rushed and somewhat rude, but Mt. Everest's server was quite congenial. I think the prices aren't bad and the serving was enough for people to share. I think I've found my go to Indian restaurant. I'll definitely try their lunch buffet.
4	Hubby and I went here a couple of weeks ago with a Restaurant.com coupon.  We like Indian food and based on the reviews were looking forward to this place.  It was virtually empty when we arrived, and we were seated immediately.  I mentioned our coupon for $25 off with a purchase of $45 or more.  So we had to eat a lot!  Easy enough!  Our waiter, who I think was also the owner/manager, suggested the Tandoori chicken to start as an appetizer,  Eat a few pieces and take the rest home , which is what we did.  The chicken was that awful red color that you find on most tandoori chicken, but it was very moist and delicious as were the onions and peppers served along with the chicken.  Side note:  We have only had tandoori chicken at one other restaurant in town that wasn't that awful red, and it was the best ever.  But I digress.  We ordered two kinds of naan, garlic naan and lamb filled naan.  The lamb filled naan was OK, but didn't have a real lamby taste, but the garlic naan - OMG  I could have made a meal on just that.  I wanted a lamb dish for my entree and Rogan Josh was suggested, and it was delicious.  Very tender and the sauce was perfect.  Put some on my lamb, the rice and scooped up some with naan.  My husband got a fish curry.  It seemed to me to be very much the same sauce that was on the lamb but with fish chunks in it.  I wasn't crazy about it, but he really enjoyed it. We also had a cauliflower and potato dish that we really enjoyed. I forgot to order raita, which I usually love with Indian food.We too got a complimentary rice pudding dessert , which unfortunately we were too full to finish.  But it was delicious too, so next time I'll make room for it.I didn't notice the neighborhood.  It's in a strip mall with a large Mariani's supermarket behind it.  It's not inexpensive, but definitely not over-priced.  While it is number two on our list of favorites, it is somewhat less expensive and definitely closer to home than our number one, so we will definitely be returning very soon!
4	Everest was part of my quest for the best Indian food Vegas had to offer. Luckily, it was quite fantastic! I've been back a couple times, and both times have been full of great flavors.I don't remember the exact name, but there is an option on the menu I'm a huge fan of. It's essentially a large selection of their foods, in little metal dishes, lined up and ready for consumption. It's delicious! It's a great way to familiarize yourself with Indian cuisine quickly, if you're new to it all. Both of my experiences here have been with this item. Everything has been of great quality and flavor.Like most Indian restaurants, the na'an is extra. However, you do have a choice of regular and garlic na'an. Maybe some other choices as well. Always go with garlic. You're welcome.The atmosphere is dark for dinner. Almost questionably so. Service is acceptable, although my first visit here wasn't positive in terms of recommendations. We asked some questions about the menu and they must have interpreted that as "you want everything you're asking about." We got a lot of food back. This wasn't good on the server's part, because really, who orders that many entrees without question? Who doubles up on the same item? Just keep a careful eye/ear out.Other than the overloaded order mishap, I'll have to be back hear for this amazing lunch buffet I keep hearing about. Updates to come.
4	Mt. Everest's food is good. It covers Indian cuisine from different parts of India, which is nice. The lunch buffet is HUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGE! Like waaaaaaay tons of options. I like that they have sweet rice, because that makes me think of my mom's sweet rice, and well nostalgia makes everything taste better. They have a nice selection of meats too. I've NEVER seen a lunch buffet serve goat meat. Gotta give the props on that one. The naan is fresh and fluffy. I like that they give you both plain and garlic naan. Their roti is decent. Overall, it's a good option when home-cooked Indian food isn't happening.
4	Let me start by saying that the food is delicious (on most days). My review will be covering my lunch buffet experience only, so please keep that in mind when reading.Pros:Plenty of variety - Chicken tikka, tandoori chicken, saag paneer and so forth. The naan is freshly made, but be sure to mention custom requests such as Garlic naan etc while you are being seated (or they assume you want it plain).ConsWhile the food quality ranges from good to excellent, the customer service is lacking, depending on the season. The owner is a really chill guy, but he seems have 1 person working ALL the tables sometimes (which gets chaotic during lunch rush, and customer service suffers).  I've noticed he's hired more staff lately, but I suspect its only seasonal. My note to him - Keep your location well-staffed :) I love their carrot dessert (gajar halwa), which is light years better than the sugary Gulab Jamun. They have a salad bar, which is decent.My advice to readers - You better make sure you are leading an active lifestyle, if Indian Buffet is your goto for lunch. Although the food here is tasty delicious goodness, its not really good for your body :/ Authentic Indian food isn't this greasy or creamy, and most Indian people don't eat like this.Because of the health implications of eating such loaded items, I tend to go there once every 2 weeks...maybe once a month.
5	I have eaten at Everest many times. The Aloo Muttor Gobi, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Biryani, Garlic Naan, and more. The owner and staff have  consistently been helpful. I will be returning soon.
4	I'm a huge fan of Indian food. It all started in a place back home in Daytona Beach FL just a few years ago. Since then I've been on the hunt for more great Indian restaurants. I just can't get enough of the Chicken Makhani (also known as butter chicken), Lamb Korma and Naan bread, SO YUMMY. This place was really great. The flavors were great and very fresh. I agree with all the reviews. I do think the service was a bit slow. It seemed the hostess was also taking orders and closing tickets.  We had a show to go to so we literally had to take the check up to the register to pay our bill. I still don't think I have found a match for the place in Daytona Beach but this is very close......Highly recommended, no complaints or disappointments!
5	I have been searching for a good Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  There are many place who claim to have it and they fall short. My first visit to Mt. Everest proved to be nothing less than fantastic. This family owned and worked restaurant offers the authenticity I have been searching for.  The food was nothing less than fantastic. It was fresh, delicious and great.  We ordered the garlic naan, chicken mahkhani, lamb saag and an onion potato cake. Everything was delectable.Additional note, the restrooms were extremely clean, which is another great sign of a restaurant for me. If they care enough to properly maintain their restrooms, then they genuinely care about their business. There are several restaurants in this valley that charge huge prices for everything and their bathrooms are trashed.
5	I love this place. This truly is some of the best Indian food you can get in las vegas. Their lunch buffet is awesome. And the best part is they are not afraid of actually giving some heat to their dishes unlike some of the other Indian spots in vegas. The food:Finally some heat with my lunch buffet food. The food here isn't too spicy it has just enough heat to get the job done. You start in the vegetarian section which has some amazing dishes then move your way to the meats. I love the chicken dishes and the goat curry is one of my favorites. You then move onto condiments and desert. Make sure to grab some plain yogurt and chutney to dip your naan into. Service: If anything is low just let the owner know and he has them cook it right away. Service is excellent water or soda glasses are kept full. If you come in after they stop cooking for the buffet the owner will let you know when you walk in. He will also ask you to go take a look at what he has out to make sure you would like to stay. Also don't forget if you are just driving by during the lunch buffet hours you can grab a to go box and load it up for the same price as the lunch buffet. This place is one of my favorite las vegas Indian food spots. It doesn't quite hit the same level as mint for me but it is up there.
4	Stopped by this place twice the last two times I went Las Vegas. Loved the mango Lassi! Awesome service and friendly too! Would go there again!
5	This place has the best Indian food in town! I've lived in Las Vegas 18 years and I have tried many restaurants...and I keep coming back to this one and have never been disappointed. This one should go right up in the "Best of Las Vegas" along with Pin Kaow on Rainbow (for best Thai food). Their lunch buffet is reasonably priced and you get a lot of choices. Their butter chicken is the BEST! And their chicken curry is awesome also.  And they serve you fresh naan with the buffet.  If you go for dinner, its a lot more expensive, but you of course can order anything on the menu that way.The owner is always there at lunchtime and knows us too well because we are always there!  I highly recommend it. -SG
5	Mt.  Everest is a fantastic hole in the wall Indian restaurant. I had a few hours to kill before flying out of Vegas today, and wanted to grab a leisurely bite to eat.  While I'm not usually a fan of buffets (I'm a small dude, the value isn't there for me), I know the lunch buffet is the norm with Indian cuisine.  Everything was very fresh and tasty.  The naan was particularly good, as was the vegetable daal.  And the owner and his family were very friendly and accommodating.  I don't pass through Vegas often, but I'll stop at Mt. Everest the next time I'm in town.
5	My favorite Indian restaurant (Gaylord) is now out of business and other Indian restaurants I've been to have been mediocre which is why I'm so glad I gave Mount Everest a try eventhough the place was kind of creepy.  The quality of the food is comparable to Gaylord's but you get more food and pay a lot less.  The people that work here are very nice and friendly.  They have Bollywood videos on at all times.They give you a basket of papadum with mint and tamarind sauces.  We started of with samosa (they're like potato-filled empanadas with ginger and spices) and aloo tikki (fried patties of mashed potatoes in chick pea batter).Mango Lasi:Creamy mango shake. 5/5Veggie Samosa:You get two pieces for $4.  The crust was the right thickness and wasn't too doughy.  You can definitely taste the spices.  I had to use the tamarind sauce to tone down the heat a bit. Very filling. 4/5Aloo Tikki:You get 2 patties for $4. Crispy deep-fried mashed potatoes.  Very filling as well.  Great flavor. 5/5Palak Paneer:I was looking for the cheese on top since that's what I'm used to.  4/5Garlic Naan:I love this stuff.  We had 2 orders. Hot, garlicky and buttery bread to scoop/dip saucy dishes with. 5/5Chicken Tikka Masala:My favorite Indian dish.  We ordered mild but it was still quite spicy...but it burned so good. 5/5Kulfi:A mild cheesy ice cream and you can see pistachio bits. 4/5Gulab Jamun:My favorite Indian dessert. They're like hot cheese dougnuts in simple syrup. 5/5I honestly wasn't expecting the food to be that good.  This is my new favorite in Vegas!  They also have a lunch buffet from 11am-3pm for $10-11.  I'd come back here for that!
4	Love this place, the food is great.  I had the curry chickin and my fiance had a lamb dish.  We also had a few appertizers.  Everything was so unbelievably tasty, fresh and the food was served piping hot. The place was small and not really fancy but clean and a nice atmosphere.
5	I love this place. I love how every time I need another refill it has already been done. They have this chilli chicken dish which is little pieces of chicken covered in their special chilli sauce and cooked for long time to become delicious as it is. I have been trying to find a great Indian place for a while and this one does it for me. I love the service here and will continue to come back.
5	Being spoiled with California's MANY Indian restaurants, I was sad when I came back to Las Vegas to find a VERY limited selection of places to get my Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan cravings taken care of. I thought the only way to get my fix was to fly back to the Bay to get it, BUT then I came across this place!I have probably driven passed this place a billion times before I considered to try it and honestly, it wasn't until I saw the awesome ratings from Yelpers before I decided it was a GO. Boy am I happy I did! EVERYTHING on their menu is so flavorful and rich! My boyfriend and I LOooOoOOOove this place. It's inside of what used to be a Burger King in front of the Mariana's Supermarket. The area isn't aesthetically pleasing, but don't you dare judge a book by it's cover! Their service is hospitable, kind of quiet and shy, but hospitable nonetheless. Their Mango Lasse is amazeballs. Their chai is alright, probably wouldn't order it again though. The Papadams (spelling?) and the little sauces that get served before you order are so dainty and delicious! If you ever come for their Lunch Buffet, don't plan on eating for the rest of the day, haha! They have an awesome selection and everything is fresh! We're so excited that we found this place. The boyfriend and I were talking about how we don't know why Indian food has such a negative social stigma when it's actually delicious. But I guess we don't really mind. MORE FOR US! :)
5	The portions were larger than we expected, the mango lassi was delicious, and they have a huge variety of dishes on their menu. :)
5	It is very rare that I change my first impression, but that was the case here with this one.  My first visit to Mount Everest was not a good one.  I didn't think there naan was good, didn't try the sweet rice, and the samosas were overcooked.  Well, wow.  I have been back like, 7 times in the past month since that initial visit.  It is by far my favorite Indian lunch buffet place.  I had 3 in the running but Mt Everest is on top.  First, the price.  I believe it is 10.99... not bad.  Second, the choices.  It has the most choices I've seen!  What could make this place better?  If their labels were more specific.  I love the way some buffets put "vegetarian"; as a 75% vegetarian I like a quick reference guide to vegetarian options.  But... with my minor knowledge of Indian food I know what most of their dishes are.  If it were my first exposure to Indian food, however, I would be S.O.L!Also another thing they could make better.  Their naan.  I don't like their naan.  I like buttery, garlicy soft guusy naan.  This is not my favorite place for naan (Saffron is).  If you like medium-textured, little buttered, barely garlic-ed naan then you would like it.  Other than that, it's so good!   Their choices are amazing.Final thing (this is the Nutrition student in me):  They are so sanitary!  One of the only Indian buffets I've seen with in-place "sneeze guards" on their buffet.  Their buffet is actually buffet style so it has the coverings.  Furthermore, their bathroom has a sanitary spray above the handle.  How great!  So even if nasties don't wash their hands, I won't get their germs from when they open the bathroom door open.  Foodborne illness is no joke, yo.P.S.Try the sweet rice!  P.S.S.The Bollywood they play on TV is a great compliment to the atmosphere.
5	A colleague and I changed our business lunch venue to Mount Everest today - and I'm sooooo glad we did!I love Indian food - and haven't had any in a while other than the boil-in-a-pouch variety from Trader Joe's so I jumped at the chance to try a place in town I hadn't been to before. Just pulling up and waiting outside the aroma was so enticing - I could tell good things awaited.Of course, since we were there for lunch - we got the buffet. As someone who primarily eats vegetarian/vegan I was immediately impressed with the number of veggie dishes offered - and I loved the fact that they separated the meat dishes into a different station all together. Everything I loaded up my plate with was delish!  From the basmati rice, dal, veggie korma, samosas and pakoras - everything was outstanding. The service was super kind and prompt too!  I'll be back - with my husband in tow next time!
5	Hands down the best Indian food I've had in the US.  Spicy actually means spicy, the samosa's were fantastic, the service was great.  We had samosa's, garlic naan, raita, Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Kadai (the best dish of the night).  All for $38.  Unlike most Indian places, portions were big enough to take some home.  We probably wont try another place in Las Vegas.  Seriously good.  Left-overs didn't last til lunch...had it for breakfast.
4	Super yum, best part is its very clean authentic Indian, not that greasy chewy stuff you might get other places. Loved this place will def. be going again.
4	Modest atmosphere - great food.I went with a couple of friends while in sin city.Garlic naan - fluffy and garlicy - yum.Samosas - solid not amazing. Mint & tamarind chutneys were really good.Chicken tikka masala - outstandingChicken Kardai - really goodLamb vindaloo- great flavor - lamb a bit tough.Saag - great flavor.Rice - nice.Owner couldn't have been nicer. His son even drove us to the closest hotel to catch a cab because it would have been more than 30 minutes for one to come.Get off the strip and get some real Indian grub here.
3	Thursday lunch, spouse and I arrived at about 12:25 and were seated quickly by a friendly male.  The booth had white linen table cloth and white cloth napkins with better than the usual flatware and water goblet.  Unfortunately, lunch is ONLY the buffet for $10.99 [it is not clear if this is ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT].  A menu is only for dinner.The buffet had a "sneeze" shield with sticky notes with handwritten names for whatever was under the shield.  The labels were for the Indian name of the dish; not very helpful if you're not an Indian speaker.The "wet" items were soupy and the "dry" items were dry to an extreme.  The two best items, IMHO, were the chicken curry and the white rice, while the others were forgettable.  The condiments I normally associate with curry [like coconut, peanuts, grated onion, etc. were absent; although the chutney was present, but unremarkable as chutney].I would hazard a guess that those giving five stars are native speakers and are familiar with the food in the buffet.  Since I'm neither, this made things awkward.
4	This place is great. The food is excellent and we were served by the owner (he was very nice). I talked my husband into trying a different cuisine and he was weary about the place from the looks on the outside; if it was not for the open sign we probably would not have stopped. The inside is very nice, linen on the tables and clean. We are early eaters so we were the start of their dinner crowd, it filled up quickly as we ate. We ordered the garlic Naan and it was awesome, made to order. My husband had the Lamb Korma on my recommendation and I had the Chicken Korma. They also have a veggie Korma that is probably just as good. Portion sizes are large.Don't judge a book by its cover or you will miss out on some really outstanding Indian Cuisine. My husband liked it so much he wants to go back before we leave Las Vegas. That does not happen often and means he really liked it as did I.
5	This place was great. We went for the lunch buffet on the recordation of a friend. It was excellent. Had never had sweet rice before and it was awesome! The naan was excellent and it was great to try a bunch of different dishes. Will deffinately be going back.
5	Right off, I'm very stingy with giving out stars and I'm not likely to assign any value to the outside of any place.  This restaurant is not much to look at from the outside but is a medium to small restaurant that is pleasantly decorated inside with a friendly staff.  The lunch buffet is served in some of the nicest heated tables (one iced table for the cold menu) with covered chafing dishes.  The food is kept hotter than any other buffet with dishes refreshed regularly.  The one meat table is separate from the vegetable tables, a nice feature for vegetarians to avoid cross contamination.Every dish was delicious.  Although I would have liked to have one main potato dish (there were potato samosas and a great mixed vegetable dish with potatoes) and would drop up to half a star for the menu selection, the food was fresh, perfumed, and not overly South Indian hot.  The obligatory Tandoori Chicken was both flavorful and moist.  I suspect that the heated tables and covered chafing dishes help maintain the quality of the food.  The pakora were a little crunchy, maybe not perfect, but tasty.  Given that there are no half-stars, the only negatives were not worthy of dropping to four stars considering our overall satisfaction.We arrived for a late lunch, around 1:30, but the food was great and refreshed before the dish was emptied, keeping the quality up.  The plain naan arrived before we were back from the buffet and I would have liked to have garlic naan, but no one asked.  I guess it is important to ask right away for naan other than plain, but the plain naan was good.  The service was fine with dishes cleared and water refilled, but a little invisible and surprisingly shy.  For any questions, just call out for them -- they really don't want to disturb your meal.Overall, the fixtures were superior, the dining room was kept clean, and every dish on the buffet was terrific.  Not quite the huge selection found in some of the buffets in Silicon Valley, but it was all good.  Hard to believe that any other Indian buffet in Vegas will beat this spot for quality and value, this is now our go-to Indian restaurant for Vegas.
2	My husband and I must have gone here on a REALLY off day for them. :/ We ate at the AYCE lunch buffet and I felt like we were eating their scraps. Food wasn't hot...just warm enough to eat. The chicken and lamb was dry. They forgot our drink orders and then when they finally did come out, they got our order wrong. The food was just ok...some of it was not edible though. I hate wasting food, so I usually eat it if I don't think it's the best...but some of it, I just couldn't eat because it was either too dry or just didn't taste right. I hate to say it but I would never come back here again, especially since we have found better.
4	Lunch buffet $10.99. Yummy garlic naan!!
4	One of the best Indian buffets in Vegas for a great price $10.99. The curries are amazing and tasty. Spices were phenomenal. From the outside appearance it looks like a "hole in the wall" but the interior was clean and pleasant. Near strip, I highly recommend Mt. Everest. We would go there more often f we lived closer.
4	Went in for the lunch Buffet -- I believe it was like $10.95 . Anyways, food was good- they could have filled up buffet  a little more  ( as everyone was taking all of the chicken), but overall very good. The decor could use some sprucing up and cleaning but overall great indian at a good price with good service.
5	Did a lot of Yelp searching for indian restaurant for dinner on our stay here in Las Vegas. That led us here and we loved it. Environment is delightful. White linen tablecloth. Private booth. Enjoyed Navarattan Korma and Paleek Paneer and garlic naan, mango chutney, tasty mango lassi. Delicious and authentic. And great service. Owner very hospitable. We loved it!
5	I visited this restaurant last night while in town on a business trip based on previous reviewers from yelp. I was glad that the outward appearance of the restaurant had been mentioned, as it may have kept me from going in if I had just been driving by. Once you enter though, it's a great environment with the white tablecloths and napkins. As someone dining alone, I particularly enjoyed the Bollywood playing in the corner. It kept me entertained while I was waiting for my food, which was an excellent break from the standard of playing with my phone. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which is my basis for judging a restaurant (much like Pad Thai at a Thai restaurant). The sauce was amazingly creamy, and had a slow burn to it, which I find the hallmark of a good sauce. I want the spice, but not at the expense of the flavor. The naan was perfect with a crispy edge and soft center. Ideal for sopping up the sauce. But even more than the food, the service was phenomenal. Everyone is very friendly, but give you your space. My water never got below half-way full, and I can put away water like a camel, so that's impressive. And when I had a problem, they were endlessly gracious and worked with me while I figured it out. Few restaurants would take the time or effort to come up with a mutually satisfying solution the way that they did.End result: If I lived here, I'd weigh a million pounds because I would eat here all the time. As it is, I'll have to settle for stopping in every time I'm in town.
5	Well I knew it would take something really special for me to write my first ever Yelp review - and Mount Everest India's Cuisine did it!I have eaten curry all around the world - London, New York, Los Angeles, Johannesburg, Mumbai - and by far the best Malai Kofta I have ever eaten was right here at Mount Everest in Vegas. Perfectly spiced, amazing flavor, exceptional texture.Its conveniently just a few minutes from the strip, very reasonably priced, exceptionally friendly staff and just great food. Highly recommended!!!
5	Wow!  The first sign that Mt. Everest was going to be a good restaurant was the complex scent of spices that hit our noses.  The next sign was that it was crowded...and most of the customers were Indian.We had chicken curry and kauli aloo and found them to be fragrant, tasty, and freshly prepared.  The garlic naan was great.The staff was friendly and prompt. The prices were more than reasonable.
5	We literally just left this place. Yes, from the outside appearance you make be tempted to pass by, but I assure you the hospitality and interior setting makes up for it. All the staff are wonderful and attentive but not too assertive and in your face. Oh goodness the food... We had the Chicken Masala and the Chicken Curry, spice level #7 and we were not disappointed. The food was so delicious and comforting if that makes sense. My wife loves beer and she had the Taj Mahal which she said went very well with the Masala. Their Indian Chai tea was wonderful as well. Please order the garlic naan, so fresh and perfectly made. It was just an amazing experience, and I am huge on customer service so I thank the staff. Please go!
4	Myself and a bunch of coworkers go here for the lunch buffet and it always pleases. A decent amount of options for a reasonable price. I've yet to have a bad experience, the food is great and the service is good too. I definitely recommend it.
5	YUM! The first time we came to Mount Everest was a year ago when we were in Vegas.  It was so good that when we came back to Vegas this year, we put it on our list of things to do.  I'm still trying to find an Indian place in AZ that's as good as this one. If you're a fan of chicken tikka masala, you have to try it at Mount Everest.  It's the BEST that I have ever tasted, and I'm just sad that I have to come all the way to Las Vegas to get it.  It was even better than I remembered and I ate way too much just because it tasted so good I didn't want to stop eating it.  The garlic naan is also delicious.  The service is friendly and attentive, and the location cozy (in a good way).  I wish I could buy the food in bulk and ship it to AZ!  We'll be back, for sure.  If you're in the Vegas area looking for great Indian food, this is the place to be!
5	Great service by the friendly staff and owner and rich, tasty food in generous portions! This food leaves you truly satisfied, not just full.
5	I've been there for lunch and I've been there for dinner. This is my favorite Indian food in Las Vegas. The flavors are all there, but it's not as expensive as many other Indian restaurants in town that I find to have less appealing food.As far as buffets go, their lunch buffet is excellent. They always have several of my favorite Indian dishes available and they keep the warm, fresh, pillowy naan bread coming. The only problem I have is that I overeat every time I come here for the lunch buffet.Last night was my first time trying their dinner menu, and it was so delicious. We started with vegetable samosas which were cooked very well. The had a perfect crisp on the outside and beautifully seasoned potato filling inside. Then for our entrees, I ordered Lamb Vindaloo and my wife ordered Chicken Kurma, and we both ordered garic naan to go with it. (Unlike many other Indian restaurants in town, Mt. Everest doesn't charge extra for rice. I very much appreciated that.). The Lamb Vindaloo was the best I've had. So flavorful! The Kurma was very tasty, but a little too sweet for my tastes. My wife loved it though and couldn't stop raving about it the entire meal. She's already mentioned to me how much she's looking forward to eating her leftovers.Somebody in a previous review seemed to think the fact it's in a building where a Burger King used to be, and in a predominantly Hispanic neighborhood is a bad thing. Me? I don't care where it is or what used to be there as long as delicious food and great service provided. This place has both. The owner even brought us out a free rice pudding for dessert for us to try. I don't think that's standard for all guests, but it was delicious. I would recommend Mt. Everest India's Cuisine to everybody.
4	My favorite indian food in Vegas! Always yummy and full of flavor. Service is usually on point. The reason I took off one star is brach of the ambiance. It's not so great. It's actually inside of a converted burger which, while converted, is still not the most tranquil setting. Also, not in the best area of town. That being said, I still love love love it and will continue to frequent the place!
5	Amazing food, great prices, excellent service. I'd happily come here again. Get the paneer pakora. It is excellent!
4	Just as fantastic as my last visit.  Great food, flavor was awesome, spice was out of this world.  My only suggestion would be to turn the A/C on.  The warm weather combined with the spice of the food makes for an uncomfortable visit.
5	Lunch Buffet.Great food.  Service was mediocre, what with the owner/employee talking on the phone while tending customers.  But the food makes up for it.  Naan was fresh and soft, a decent amount of choices at the buffet.  But everything tasted amazing.It is most definitely worth the trip away from the strip to come here.
5	Hands down the best Indian lunch buffet in Vegas. One in a while, they have the "carrot pudding" and it is amazing! Their paneer has great texture and in great texture, I mean it is soft enough to absorb flavor and hard enough to not break apart. The chefs at Everest know what they're doing!
5	If your in Vegas and your at all a fan of Indian food, stop here!The neighborhood is a little sketchy and the place is an old fast food joint, but be brave. Inside it's comfortable and clean, and on the hot day that we visited it was cool. We had the sample plate that had a smattering of various Indian dishes, and all were very good. The owner and waiter were very nice and answered all questions we had about the food. We will go again next time we are in town.
5	we had a short vacation to vegas this year and Mt. Everest was the best thing that happened to us! we had both the lunch buffet and dinner here and was one of the best indian food places my wife and I have ever been to in the US! their naan and paneer dishes were made from scratch and you can taste the fresh ingredients cooked to perfection! service was great and the owner too was very friendly. i really look forward to visit this place again on our next trip. indian food lovers this place is a MUST VISIT during your vegas trip!
5	Best Indian food and Buffet in Las Vegas. A great value.
5	We decided to try this place based on it's pretty consistent Yelp reviews, and we're glad we did. A few reviewers have mentioned the sketchy surroundings, but I say if you can throw some carpet, a few tablecloths, and the drapes from an old bordello into a defunct Burger King and come up with a perfectly comfortable dining room, more power to ya! I have loved Indian food since I first discovered it during a brief sojourn in London, when it seemed that the only options were steak and kidney pie or starving to death. (I chose the latter. Valar Morghulis)! Anyway, as a person who considers curry to be more of a drug than a food, I'm usually prepared to like what I get in Indian restaurants, which is a little meat floating in a sea of delicious sauce which you happily sop up with some fluffy, toasty naan, and fill up on the rice.(I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it). The difference here was that there was plenty of tender, juicy meat in that sauce; apparently a side benefit of keeping the rent low. Hope they don't get too big for their britches and move to Summerlin. Goodbye, meat! I adore Chicken Korma and theirs was perfect; rich creamy sauce with just a little sweetness and those complex, spicy undertones that keep you coming back for more bites long after you're full. Chicken Tikka and tandoori were both served sizzling and still moist and juicy. The favorite appetizer, in a unanimous vote, was the lamb samosas. They were golden little pockets of pastry stuffed with seasoned, finely ground lamb, but the best thing was what wasn't there: My sister didn't find a hard thing. Mind you, if there is ground meat involved, be it burgers, sausage, meatballs, whatever, she ALWAYS gets the hard thing, and the rest of us have to suffer along with her. It's one of life's little miracles that she didn't, and practically worth a sixth star.Will definitely return to try the lunch buffet, but don't be surprised if they raise the price after our visit.
4	Don't judge a book by it's cover! The outside may appear to have been a former fast food joint, but inside you will find a great Indian restaurant with a good selection of Indian dishes. Lunch time prices are reasonable and the establishment got pretty busy within minutes after opening. Good sign! My wife and I were impressed with the selection from the saagaloo, to the chicken tika and tika masala. This restaurant is about 2 miles west of the strip near Palace Station Casino (The Casino where OJ finally got arrested). This Indian restaurant as well as Taj Palace, located in Henderson, are my two favorite Indian restaurants.
5	We've been here for dinner several times and tried out the lunch buffet.  If you're going for the lunch buffet, try to plan around traditional lunch times because it gets BUSY and there is about 3 square feet of waiting area directly in front of the door.  That being said, this is our favorite Indian food restaurant so far.  The service is maybe a little slow (even when they are not busy), but the food is worth it.  The hubs sticks to the standard tikka masala, but we've had the Jel Frezi and Vindaloo as well.  Everything was fantastic.  The lunch buffet is a great way to sample a bunch of their foods too.  We'll definitely be going back for more!
4	I've never gone here for dinner, only for the lunch buffet.If you enjoy eating a lot of meat, you'll probably be disappointed with the lunch buffet. But, that's normal for most Indian buffets I've been to. I usually only eat the vegetarian dishes.The naan is better than most I've tried. It's soft and thick, rather than the tortilla-bread-like naan you find at some places.They also have basic potato samosas and vegetable pakora. Sadly, I don't get to come as often, because I don't work nearby anymore. :(
3	We have eaten here a couple of times now. Their entrees (especially paalak paneer and tarka dal) taste fresh and delicious. Garlic naan and tandoori roti were good but we won't order the onion kulcha again. Also, save your money and don't get the aloo tikki appetizer.The reason I am not giving them 4 stars is because we did not enjoy our dinner experience last Saturday because the service went at a snail's pace and we waited for 40 mins between our appetizers and main courses!! The manager went around asking how everything was, but he had moved on to the next table before he hearing our reply. It was clear that he was doing his job half-heartedly and did not really care about his customers.
4	This Indian food was soo delicious. It was not too expensive. My friend and I split a Veg Thali special and it was more than enough. So much flavor. Wish I never got full so I could keep eating.
4	This was a nice little find off the strip. We came for the lunch buffet which was $10.99/person. BUFFET ITEMS:Vegetable korma, yellow daal, chana masala, vegetable samosa, sweet rice, basmati rice, vegetable pakora, chicken tandoori, chili chicken, chicken makhani, chicken curry, goat curry and the BEST part was that they had my favorite GULAB JAMUN!! The chicken curry was very flavorful, it had a great balance of creaminess and spices. It also contained big chunks of chicken which is what most people tend to skimp on (abundance of protein is always a plus in a buffet dish). I was surprised that they had goat curry (gamey stuff is not my cup of tea so this one I did not try). The gulab jamun were little balls of perfection. SERVICE: our server was very attentive and quick to refill our glass of water.I subtracted a star b/c although the gulab was legit, they only had the gulab and rice pudding for dessert. There was no mango pudding or the carrot halwa the sweet carrot dessert, but I guess you can't have everything. I also wasn't a fan of their naan that they offered. A good naan has a little bit of crispiness and SOME flavor. This NAAN HAD NO FLAVOR whatsoever and was very thick and heavy. It was more of a PITA than a NAAN.                   For $10.99, I would come again.
5	My Favorite Biryani spot! I had visitors in town so we came here for dinner. As always, Prakash was amazing. Even though he was busy entertaining the other guests, he came by to check on us. We had lamb biryani & chicken biryani last night. It was delicious!. We enjoyed it to the max. The Chai Masala was yummy too. I've been here so many times and their food has always been the best. My friends was happy with the dishes ordered. I would recommend all my friends to come have buffet lunch or dinner at Mount Everest India's Cuisine. Thanks for being AWESOME!
4	It was my first time having Indian food so I was excited to try Mount Everest. I went for dinner with a group of 7 people. We didn't make a reservation but they were still able to accommodate us pretty quickly. We ordered paneer pakora and chicken pakora as appetizers, both which were really good. They also offered free papadom along side the appetizers. Most of us ordered chicken entrees, all which were pretty delicious. A friend of mine ordered the prawn vindaloo which I really liked. The dishes were rich and spicy and there was enough where we could share with each other. I would definitely come back. The prices were good and the staff was attentive and friendly. The only thing that got me is that I thought the restaurant would be bigger than I expected but other than that, I liked Mt. Everest.
5	Dive into this incredible buffet 10 bucks. 5star   I love Indian, and they do it really great here, and you cannot beat the price.  Small place in the ghetto, sahara and valley view, not too ghetto, but still, its not pretty on this corner, but inside, you forget about it quick when you start salivating at the door, and running to the buffet like a wild animal ready to eat yourself silly.  Take a breath, its ok, this place will give you everything you need.   Every indian spice is in something, the quality and freshness is stellar!   Hightly recommended, just see the other reviews, dont take my word for it, try it and take you own word, its amazing!
5	We had dinner one night and came back a few days later for the lunch buffet.   Both were excellent. We've tried a few other places on the strip but this place is far better.   Worth the short side trip. One of the best indian restaurants I've been to in a ling time.   Service was fast courteous and friendly.  Food was authentically delicious.
4	I feel drunk after dinner not because of drinks but with all the great spices they have on the food. We had Chicken Tikka Masala and Prawn Vindulo with Garlic Naan. The flavors were all great especially the Masala. I think it's the best one I've ever tasted. The portion size was also just right compared to the other Indian restaurants I've been too. The only downside is the service that's why I'm giving it 4 stars. The servers were very nice but they were short handed. They need more people there. We will be back for sure!
5	If you like Indian food, this is the place to go in Vegas! Pleasant atmosphere, waiters are very friendly. And the food.....first, he naan bread is the best I ever had in the USA or Europe, I had a chicken korma , it was perfect, creamy, delicate and a big portion. love this place, will be back soon!!
5	Great food, good vibes. The onion bread was off the charts! Go for lunch and enjoy the buffet. The samosas, oh the samosas!
3	Food is really good but dinner portions to go are TINY. I spent $10 on my favorite cauliflower dish that was really small and half of it was potatoes!! Highly disappointed by the portion size considering how much it costs and that you can have all you can eat at the lunch buffet for the price of 1 small dinner dish. Best bet is just to go for the lunch buffet unless you have extra money to spend on multiple dinner dishes. We spent $60 on dinner for about the same amount of food we eat at the lunch buffet. Maybe I'm just a gluttonous pig =)
5	After seeing the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to try out Mount Everest India's Cuisine. I had never tried Indian food before, and wanted to try something new for dinner so I brought along my two buddies for the ride. Upon arriving, we were greeted with quick and prompt service, which was a very big plus in my book. All the workers there were very kind, and quickly assisted us with whatever we needed. My friends and I wanted to try different things and share, so we ordered a prawn curry, chicken biriyani, garlic naan, and a very very spicy chicken biriyani.When the food arrived, I felt like I was in heaven! Everything smelled so good and looked so flavorful, I immediately started to dig in. -The garlic naan was amazing, and felt like it just melted in my mouth. I even ordered another round because it was SO GOOD. -The prawn curry was the right amount of spicy for me and very delicious. It was big enough for us to split between 3 people.-The chicken biriyani was very flavorful and had tender chunks of chicken mixed inside. It was definitely something I would order again!My first trip to an Indian restaurant was a good one. I hope to come back sometime soon and try out something new!
5	Mt. Everest has amazing food!! I came here for the $10.99 buffet and was amazed at the quality of food. The servers were also very attentive. The buffet had authentic Indian/Pakistani food that would rival any other Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas. Will definitely be back again
4	This was a really great place to go with my bestie!  We love to try lots of things and at the lunch buffet price who could argue!  It is a small place and I wondered how come there wasn't a line to eat this yumminess!  We went around 1pm to miss the lunch rush...I think we did right :)  Can't wait to go back
4	I'm a indian food lover and had a indian craving while on mini vacay in Vegas. Stumbled upon this place on yelp and due to the great reviews I decided to give this place a shot. We were greeted and sat immediately. The food on the buffet looked pretty good so we went with that. Oh boy, what a good life decision that was! Just about everything I put on my plate was above average in flavor. Usually at an indian buffet there are at least 2 items that get left on my plate...Not here, the only thing I didn't care for was the potato samosas, and that's strictly due to the too thick, not crispy pastry surrounding the well spiced potato filling. The butter chicken was good,made with a mix of white and dark meat,and had a nice deep flavor throughout the chicken and sauce.  The paneer palak was wonderful and flavorful with a kick of chilies, My partner in crime enjoyed the veggie Korma greatly, as did I, it was creamy, with well rounded flavors and tasted very unique compared to other veggie kormas I've had. Heck it put mine to shame! They didn't shy away from spice or heat as some indian places do to adapt to American palates and I dig them for it. Service was a bit slow, plates weren't cleared as fast as I would've liked them to be, and my water glass was parched a few times but I'll cut them some slack for being a bit short staffed the day we went. Overall it was great!
5	Been back pretty much once a week and everything is good as always. Food is always hot and fresh and never dried out. Prakash always gives me extra paneer when they're out. Nice guy.
5	Great food! And better yet, great service. A great alternative if you want to get away from the strip. Trust me I was skeptical at first, like you, who is currently reading this (4th wall) but it was worth the risk. Excellent Indian food.
4	Saw the previews, went to try it out last night. Good was good but the price was kinda high compared to the taste of the food. Overall, it was great!!!
5	I used to dislike ethnic cuisines. Thats when i was stupid. Now that i have more food experience indian food is one of my new faves.  Love love love. This place is amazing. I'm completely addicted to their garlic naan and braised goat. Just delish. I never liked Indian food before and this place changed my mind completely. You must try everything here. The spices and sauces are perfect.
5	Had a dinner for two here during a weekday and ordered their Mount Everest Thali special for $21.99.  It was just the right amount of food for heavy eaters like us but would probably be too much for the average appetite.  The quality is above average and quite enjoyable, kinda like good home cooking.  The restaurant was quite clean and the service was friendly and prompt despite the restaurant being more than half occupied.  I can't recommend getting their thali combos enough.  It's like getting a tasting menu as you'll get quite a good variety of staple Indian dishes. Overall, I'd eat here again.  You get so much eating satisfaction for the money.
5	Great Indian food. The owners it's always welcoming. Family owned and Pops are in the kitchen! Authentic, affordable and great overall. Cheese and Peppers dish, lamb curry and the winner: Naan
5	Awesome Authentic Indian food.We were bunch of Indian guys who are very finicky about Indian food. After a long tiring weekend, we wanted to have Indian food to energize.It is the most authentic Indian food that you can taste. I usually judge the restaurant through their Yellow Dal (Dal Fry) dish as that is the most basic dish. It was simply amazing.I loved all the vegetarian options for sure.Would definitely go there If I am in Vegas again.
5	Another favorite in Vegas definitely the best Indian in town! I've been to the lunch buffet and the a la carte dinner. While the buffet is certainly worth the price I love coming for dinner so that I can order exactly what I want! The garlic naan is a MUST. And I recommend it with some plain yogurt on the side! For main courses I really love the lamb (or vegetable) korma and the chicken tiki masala. I get both on medium (5) level and it still has a good amount of spice!! I'd say those two sauces are my favorites since I've tried others that are not as memorable to me. I don't love the chicken tikka but probably only because I'm a big sauce girl! I also really enjoy the okra vegetable dish! Full of flavor!Though the talk of slow service is true I'd say the food is too good to pass up and don't mind the service. I also like to finish my meal with a chai tea at the end. Overall great place eating so many delicious spices just makes me feel very warm and calm on the inside I would definitely consider this "comfort food"
5	Just delicious!!  I can't handle too much spice and this had JUST the right amount.  There was such a variety of foods at the lunch buffett.  For $10.99, you can't go wrong.And the staff were so friendly!
5	Great lunch buffet.  Loved their malai kofta!  And their service cannot be beat.  The owner is such a nice gentleman.  He let us stay past closing as we waited for a cab to come get us.  My only critique is that it isn't closer to the strip and therefore isn't as easy to get to.  More people need to make this a stop on their trips to Vegas!!!!  Great food and great service!!!
5	Love this place!  Awesome lunch buffet!   Don't let the outside fool you.  This place is nice!  Food is fresh.  Good.  Service great!
5	AYCE Indian Lunch Buffet review!From the FIRST bite...BAM!  More spices, a little more heat, and much more FLAVOR than all the other lunch buffets I've been to so far!Indian food is like Thai food to me...the more spicy it is, the better it tastes!  You get much more flavor and depth in the curries and misc, so it's much more enjoyable!And the Garlic Naan of course! The most "garlicky" I've had...so much flavor...yum!  I think we ate three baskets while we were here LOL.Super cheap prices...gonna be hard to beat at only $10-11!  WeeeeePics :
4	I went there for a lunch buffet with a group of 4 people during our visit to Las Vegas. Food was decent. Being an Indian, I would expect the items on the buffet to be little bit hot and spicy, but it wasn't the case here. Some of the dishes were sweet with little or no salt. That is the reason i gave it 4 stars. The garlic naans served was great. The kheer, gulab jamun and sweet honey rice were good. Overall I recommend it. Will definitely visit the next time i come to visit Vegas.
4	Their $11 lunch buffet is amazing! Truly an amazing deal and you're really getting wonderful food at such a great price. When I arrived a few minutes after my friend, we already had a basket of fresh Naan and waters. The naan was fluffy, tasty, crispy, and just so scrumptious.The selection was awesome!! The dishes that stood out for me were the Basmati Rice, Vegetable Korma (vegetables in creamy sauce), Vegetable Samosa (baked pastry with spiced potato mix), and Tandoori Chicken (roasted chicken marinated with spices). My absolute favorite dish had to be the Chicken Makhani (chicken in creamy tomato based gravy); oh my goodness, it was so, so delicious! Amazing flavor and it went well with EVERYTHING. The naan, rice, and even the samosas! I really liked the samosas as well because the pastry was extremely tasty and wonderfully crunchy. The potato mixture inside was also delightful. We also tried the Chicken Curry and Goat Curry, both prepared with the respective meats, tomatoes, and spices. Good, but overshadowed by the amazing Makhani! The Aloo Baingan (eggplant with potatoes) was tasty and prepared very well, but not something I loved. The last item I tried was the Chili Chicken (chicken with garlic, green chili, and onion), but I didn't like it; plus, it was way too spicy for me.Service was really great too! Our waters were refilled quickly and frequently. We also received a Naan refill promptly. I was extremely pleased with the whole experience! This is seriously great food and I can't wait to go back!
4	TOo hyped-up. Service was slow, food was not super hot, at a level 5, I couldn't taste any spicy-ness... vegetable khorma was good...tikka massala could've been betterI do have to say that the Garlic Naan and the raita were amazing I miss LA Indian food :(
4	I have now been to this place 2 times for their lunch buffet. I can't give this place 5 stars, but they are better than 4 stars. A 4.5 is what I'd truly rate this place. The vegetarian options are delicious. Don't know all the names but I can say that what I ate was definitely tasty. The best dish, however is a toss up between their chili chicken and rice pudding dessert. For very different reasons each dish is Tasty. The chili chicken has heat and a delectable blend of spices. The rice pudding is just sweet enough and a refreshing end to a meal filled with spicy goodness. If you're a fan of Indian cuisine or first timer, I'd suggest you try this place. There is something for everyone. And if it counts for anything, my Indian coworker says Mt Everest is better than mint and India Marsala.
4	not bad at all.. food was not spicy enough.. usually a 5 out of 10 is spicy for me.. we had to add hot sauce.. fairly priced.. decent food
5	Mt. Everest is the highest mountain on Earth; in terms of indian restaurants in Las Vegas.... this is that one!
4	Great AYCE spot! They have a variety of dishes, all of which were very tasty. My favorite was the samosa dipped in the yogurt sauce or mint chutney. Also great was the channa masala. It had a great heat and was spiced nicely. I thought the garlic naan was a bit too garlicky but that's just my palate. The waiter was not very attentive and slow to refill our drinks.
4	I wanted to stray from cuisine I was already familiar with, so I grabbed a handful of friends who were up for something new and came here after looking at some reviews. It was our first time trying Indian food, and I have to say, I do quite like it!An $11 lunch buffet is a great price. There's a lot of room in there, and there is variety in the dishes from what I can tell. I spooned a little bit of everything on my plate and nearly everything I tried I was a fan of. The naan came, and the garlic naan was as good as everyone on Yelp had said. My friends were also fans of the sweet rice. I think it paired perfectly with the chicken curry.The service was awesome, too! Being first timers, they were all very helpful. They made more sweet rice for us even when they were around 10 minutes away from closing and didn't hesitate to let us know what the fennel was for by the entrance. Lol. Overall, this place is a great experience for those who want to try it!
4	I like this place, Everything is fresh, the restaurant is clean, and the prices are reasonable, I would definitely recommend them.
4	Lunch buffet was good - can't say it was the best indian food i ever had -But good. We got there around 1 saturday afternoon-  waited for a table just a few minutes. Every thing was good - is it possible foods were heavier than other indian restaurants? I thought the foods were heavier. They did not serve garlic nan - just regular nan - disappointed a little bit. I would recommend this place  - good place for something different  - but i don't think i would come back soon.
5	Great value. Great food. Friendly people. Defiantly worth stopping in if you are up for an Indian lunch buffet.
5	My favorite neighborhood food! Always on point with deliciousness and a smile! Great great GREAT food and really reasonable prices! The buffet is a go to! And they are open late!  And they have they Buffett everyday! Boom!
4	This is the place for a great Indian lunch buffet!  There were a lot of excellent vegetarian options, chicken and really good fresh garlic nan.  Also a very friendly host who took good care of us. I'll look forward to lunch here again.
5	This place was awesome!  Seriously as good as it gets, especially out in middle of nowhere Las Vegas.  Super authentic, great food, and gigantic portions.  Very simple establishment and totally worth it.  You totally get what you pay for at Mount Everest.
5	Get the Samosa Chat...thank me later
4	If you are an Indian food lover, the smell when you walk into what surely was once a fast food chain will slap you in the face and get your mouth watering. The menu will only frustrate, as everything looks great. I went with the vindaloo (lamb), an order of naan, and $5 glass of merlot. The merlot was about what you can expect for $5. The naan was a scoach undercooked and bland. The vindaloo was damn-near perfect. The waiter simply asked if I like spicy (no number game), and the dish was the just the right amount to get your tongue tingling, but not overwhelming. Sure the decor maybe flavorless and the staff unprofessional (a busser/assistant in a stocking hat?), but the spices are dead on. I plan many 'o follow-up at the summit of Everest.
5	Absolutely fantastic food - best Indian food I've ever had.  (And I've had a lot.)  Not knowing what some of the items were, I asked and the owner himself (Pravat or something like that - hard to remember foreign names - my bad) came over and answered everything to a tee.  My family and I are in LV once a year and will certainly be back in 2014.
5	Delicious, with excellent selection. Don't let the exterior fool you, the food is amazing. Without the reviews on yelp we may have drove right by.
5	My husband and I went to have some dinner and we didn't realize the time. The restaurant was actually closed and the owner Prakash welcomed us and gave us the option to order take out. We really appreciated that, and we were worried that his staff would be upset with us for ruining their closing routine! Prakash was so nice and he took our order and we even ordered extra sides after we had put the original order in, and he still accommodated us. We will definitely come here again within hours when we are in town next time. The food was amazing spicy and fresh. We absolutely loved it!
5	Chicken vindaloo is incredible. The manager gave us a great personal touch and recommended dinner. We tried both the cheese and garlic bread, and my friend had chicken makhani. The vindaloo melted in my mouth and the makhani sauce was superb over rice. Incredible place to have my first time eating Indian food.
5	Came for dinner and had both the garlic naan and the cheese naan. Both were amazing and moist. Fresh out of the oven. Had also Chicken Makhani and Chicken vindaloo. The Chicken Makhani was sweet to the taste and saucy. The Chicken Vindaloo was mild but just the right kind of spicy kick for me. Both sauce is great for dipping the naan. I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	I drove all away from Utah to have their chicken tikka masala with garlic naan. INCREDIBLE!  Best combination of spices I have ever tasted.Not only was the food amazing but the service was incomparable!I will be making the trip just for this restaurant. You won't be sorry!
4	I'm no Indian food expert but you can stamp my Indian food non-expert seal of approval for Mount Everest. It is an All You Can Eat Indian buffet with all sorts of Indian dishes for just $10.99.  Believe me when this very reasonable price of $10.99 is worth way more than the price you pay. Each time I've been here for lunch it's been packed with people spilling out while waiting for tables to free up.  There's even not a lot of parking.  Most of the time these are good signs of how delicious a place is and this was the case here. Is it authentic Indian? I wouldn't know but a few of my vo-workers from India like them too, though I haven't seen others from India dine here at the same time as me.I never asked what a dish was or what's inside so all I can say is that I enjoyed them all, the green stuff, the orange stuff, the yellow and brown stuff, the stuffed bread stuff, and the fried battered stuff, all very delicious. They were labeled but I don't remember what each was because I usually sample them all. There was a red chicken, not to be mistaken for char sui, and another meat dish. Ask for the Garlic Naan, the freshest right out of the oven?? the better.  They do have non-buffet options.It use to be a Burger King so imagine that kind of space on the inside and they have a TV playing films from India. Customer service is usually fast and friendly so the only reason that I think there's a long wait is because they are very good and those there first are enjoying the goods.
5	Worth the trip off the strip!  The curries here are so good!  My only complaint is that I wish the free naan that they give with the buffet was garlic naan instead of plain :(  But the plain naan was delicious too.  I will be sure to come back during my next trip to vegas!
1	I went here seeing 4.5 stars at yelp . This restaurant is not even 1 star . Food is terrible & service is worst. They offer only plain naan , neither rotis nor garlic naan . Appetizers samosas pakoras were not fresh , must be previous days left overs . Do yourself a favor and go to mint for a satisfying indian buffet.
5	tried this last night .. Found on Yelp and have to agree with reviews.. great food service was wonderful and very well priced.. How you could buy a burger when this place is around...
5	This is a place my wife and I keep going back to. Such great food and the people are very nice.
5	A usual place of mine.
1	Most pathetic food.. If I am sitting at the restaurant and posting this review, you can imagine how bad the food is... You can smell oil while eating.. No variety in food.. We went seeing the reviews on yelp, but guessing things have changed. Worst Indian food.. No recommended at all..
4	This place serves great food! We highly recommend coming here during their lunch hour for the buffet so that you can try a variety of food and save a lot of money.What I did find rather funny and unusual was a conversation I had with the waiter.  I asked for garlic butter naan and the way he answered the question and what he said was really weird. It wasn't until after my boyfriend and I left that I laughed about it. He said they weren't making garlic naan because if they did, people would come to their restaurant and it'll be too busy. Haha isn't that what you want? Then he kept going and said "we're going to continue serving it after the holidays. And we don't have it because it takes too long to make." Hahaha I didn't understand all the excuses. So I just said "it's all right. Not a big deal." Although I was a little disappointed they didn't have the garlic butter naan because I always order it when I go to an Indian restaurant.
1	Had dinner during Christmas week. 1) Extremely poor ambience. When we entered, it was so full of smoke. They had to keep the doors open for 10 min to let smoke out. we could not even sit inside and prefered to wait outside. This itself was a turn off but it was late in night and we were super hungry.2) Dirty toillets, worn out carpets and dim lighting. Overall looks like a shack.3) Bad food. I would still have given a good review if the food was ultimately good. But it was pathetic. We tried chicken and paneer and both were distasteful. we could not finish the foosd
3	Had a craving for Indian food and Mount Everest was recommended by my cab driver. Started off with a chicken tikka plate that came out looking great because it was sizzling but after a closer inspection, i noticed it was doused in red color dye and no marination or flavor. I then had some butter chicken which had too much spice and not enough flavor. I did enjoy the naan bread however which was fluffy and soft. Needless to say- i did not take the leftovers.
5	The tandoori chicken, yellow curry and naan is great! I'll be back!
5	Girlfriend brought me here at 2:30, just 30 minutes before they close the buffet. Normally I would never go to a buffet right before they close because of the poor food choices that are left but this is not the case! All the food was still being replaced and hot and ready. The chicken curry and sweet rice were especially delicious! Price is cheap too. Only $10.99 for a Indian buffet for kings? Yes please! Will definitely recommend to friends and return for more!
3	Decent food. Better than most Indian restaurants in Vegas. Service is OK. Food isn't oily.
1	I don't why this hotel is rated high. It's a Pathetic restaurant . Actually I am right now in the restaurant. They have a buffet lunch. Once I took the curries I was told I will get the naan but I had to wait 30mins until I went and ask for it again. Atmosphere sucks. I would better have gone to some gas station and got Pringles.
5	Lunch buffet was fabulous! A good number and variety of dishes to choose from. Friendly and attentive staff as well. Must try if you like Indian.
5	SUPERB!!!!! This food was so full of flavor and the owner and his son were wonderful hosts! We were in vegas for my birthday and I was craving Indian food so I looked on yelp and found Mount Everest. When we first arrived we were greeted with a smile and seated right away. Just by reading the menu we knew we were in for an amazing food experience. We ordered somosa, chicken tikka masala, and tandori chicken. The food was absolutely outstanding! the spices and flavors were a little spicy but too good to not eat!! Since we left Vegas I have been craving the same experience but have not been able to find something remotely close. Literally, THE BEST INDIAN FOOD I've ever had
4	I went to this restaurant after checking out yelp and I am pleasantly surprised. They have great food and the owner was really friendly. Since we came in on New Year's Day, he gave the ladies in our party roses, which was so nice! The green chutney was spicy and delicious. Garlic naan was also delicious. Best ones I've ever tasted. I would definitely come back when I'm back in town.
4	Great AYCE Indian food for the price and I will be going back soon. There was a constant stream of people coming in for the lunch buffet so you may have to plan ahead if you don't have a lot of time. For a small buffet it had a great mix of sweet, savory, and spicy flavors. Everyone in my group left satisfied.
5	Absolutely amazing food, great service! Better than a lot of the curry houses in town. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. I watched a woman hand dry the dishes after they were washed one by one. It shows they care. Please visit and enjoy!
5	I'm very picky when it comes to food from my culture, especially in Vegas because there are so few options for good Indian food.  My first time here, and in between my 2nd and 3rd plate, I have to say it has hit the spot. All the food is extremely flavorful and hits every part of palette.  The curry chicken, tandoori chicken and butter chicken with the butter naan are delicious. Squeeze a little lemon and your good to go. The service is good and everyone is very friendly.  I will be coming back here for the lunch buffet and this place has instantly become my favorite Indian restaurant in town.
1	***THIS IS A REVIEW FOR THE LUNCH BUFFET.  I HAVE NOT BEEN THERE FOR DINNER***Wow, I was a little surprised.   I had heard so many good things.  Perhaps this was just an "off" day for their lunch buffet.Let me explain that we were not treated badly, we were just ignored for the most part.  I tried almost everything on the buffet and I enjoy eating Indian food and was looking forward to lunch here since the day before since I had never been.That said... I have been to several different Indian places here in town and after reading other reviews I didn't know exactly what to expect.The service was barely there and the lunch buffet (about an hour and a half into service) was messy.  The steam table was occasionally being "refilled" instead of changed out.  At least, theoretically, the food that was there at the beginning would only last till the end of the lunch hours. There were a few other cleanliness issues but I'll leave it at that.  The tap water served in the cloudy glass could not be overlooked. The items on the lunch buffet itself, some overcooked, were just okay at best.  Other items bear only slight resemblance to the preparations I've had at other Indian places.  I really do enjoy Indian food and I really went into this WANTING to like this place.   There are a lot of Indian lunch buffets in Las Vegas and if you have the means to go to a different one... *sigh* ...go.
5	Phenomenal service, extraordinary food, and a spot in Las Vegas that no one knows about. I bring my Asian, white, and Hispanic friends here all the time. And every time, they are amazed by this culture. Any restaurant that can impress all cultures is an extremely rare thing. Three key elementsFOOD: 10/10 Reason being is because the food here is diverse and encompasses all common aspects of Indian food. Unfortunately, most places offer one or two specialities, and the rest is bland. Ever dish at Mt. Everest is a speciality because I can't find any other place with better food.  NO GREASE, NO FUSS, AND LOTS OF VARIETY! FOR UNDER 12 FOR A LUNCH BUFFET. their fresh baked bread I could eat all by itself! SERVICE: 10/10the owner himself, pradesh, was walking around to greet, and serve the customers. Any owner that is willing to clean and pick up dishes, is a phenominal manager in my name. And I have worked in food industry as a floor manager for 3 years. Extremely friendly, and sincere. Two things that are rare in this world! AUTHENTICITY: My best friend is very native to india and a wealthy person. He chooses this place over fine dining restaurants every time he visits me. There's nothing more to say. This place is the only Indian restaurant that will sincerely and fully impress you.-Charles
5	Love the food and personnel at this restaurant. They always make it as hot as I want it This is, in my opinion the best Indian Restaurant in Vegas. I wish it was closer to our home so we could go more often
5	Fabulous food, friendly staff and no gimmicks. this place is by far the best Indian in vegas, choose how hot  you want your food with 10  being the hottest on the scale, hubby loves the jalfrezi  at 9 but  we have a tikka at 5.  Coming from the uk we are  used to great  Indian food. Mount Everest does not disappoint!
5	Come here very often. Good service,, good food,, at good price. i like shahi paneer and mutter paneer.
5	We were out of towners in Vegas for New Years who were craving Indian food. We decided to go to Mt. Everest and my gosh, we ABSOLUTELY loved it. The buffet had great vegetarian and meat selections. Every dish in the buffet tasted different than the last one and had so much flavor. I am Indian, so I know my Indian food. This place really reminded me of home cooked food. The owner and the servers were really attentive and made sure we always had naan and water on our table. They cleared out plates as soon as we were done. Because it was new years, the owner came and gave me and my friend a rose stem each and wished us a happy new year. It was a great gesture! (And no he wasn't hitting on us, we were there with our husbands!) He was genuinely a really nice person and they get an A++ in food as well as customer service!
5	Excellent food and service with a big smile! I had the vegetable thali, what a great way to sample the wonderful food here! I highly recommend. They also offer a nice beverage selection including wine, go and enjoy!
3	I was wondering if part of my less than "a-ok" experience was the result of dining alone. I often find that single diners don't get the same quality of service as larger parties - I've always thought that this is due to the lower expected tip - who knows.   In this case I ordered an appetizer, soup, and main course, but the soup came out first and while I was about 3 spoonfulls into the soup, the appetizer and main course arrived.  Of course, by the time I got to the main course it was cold.  When the manager visited the table to ask me how things were, I told him how the food had been served and his response was to smile and walk away.  Otherwise, the service was prompt and pleasant.I had lamb filled samosa for appetizer which was overcooked and the meat dried out.  The Dahl (lentil soup) was watery and tasteless, and the $12 dish of lamb curry had about 7 small chunks of meat hidden in a lot of sauce.   For $2 extra I got about 2 tablespoons of chutney and another $2 for an equal amount of spiced pickles.  The best part of the dinner was the onion stuffed naan.Mount Everest could be mistaken, both inside and out, for a fast food joint, except for the white cloth napkins and tablecloths.Again, if 3 stars means A-OK, then this place should be 2 1/2 stars for Just OK.
5	Amazing food and the service outstanding! They owner even provided us free dessert and called us a cab to get back to the hotel. By the time we finished our dessert the cab was ready for us outside. My girlfriend and my 80 year old mom from Italy loved it! Thank you for a great meal, a charming restaurant that was easy to get to, and a lovely experience for the whole family.
5	The best indian food in Las Vegas.  Tandoori Grill and Chicken Curry are amazing!  This restaurant is a Gem!
5	Wow! Best Indian food by far! Everything tastes good and fresh! From the main courses to the soups! Its a bit heavy but you MUST order a naan bread when you are there! It complements the meal very well!
1	Lunch buffet was not worth the $10.99.  Very limited selection.  Fatty lamb.  None of the east indian "staple" dishes included in it.  Will not return and will not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
3	Food was Ok.  Probably won't be back.  Nothing special.  Mint Indian bistro is better.
4	I was pleasantly surprised. The location is a bit ghetto so I wasn't expecting the great food and service. The dinner was seasoned and cooked just right. Next time I'll try the lunch buffet.
3	This place is just okay. There are many rave reviews, and I feel like I may be missing something. I will give it another shot if I am in the area, but I don't see myself driving out of the way to eat here. Their buffet is fairly limited and most of the food lacked ANY spice factor. It was almost bland and some of it was overcooked. My favorite part was the rice and the naan. I did finish my small plate and had no desire for seconds. The meats were fatty and low quality and the buffet was not exactly cheap at $10.99 + tip. The owner seems like a nice gentleman and recognized my friend who worships this place. The service however was close to non existent and toward the end we felt rushed. I am a fan of Indian food and have sampled several places around town, and this would probably stack somewhere in the middle. I would be interested in trying their dinner items to see how they stack up in that category. Overall, just an okay Indian buffet with not much separating it from the rest of the pack other than the owner who seems to care about his return patrons.
5	We decided to give it a try for my friends birthday after reading lots of positive reviews here on yelp, and upon arrival we were seated immediately. Everyone else's food smelled so good when we first walked in, i was really excited, even though I don't typically care for Indian food. We ordered a bottle of wine and a few various dinners and naan, which we did wait a little while to actually receive, but it was so worth the wait. Everything was amazing! I had the Chicken Tikka Masala, which I would surely order again. The owner was also there making sure that everything was perfect, he even brought my friend out dessert for her birthday :) We will definitely make the trip back across town to eat here again.
5	The food here is incredible. I've been probably 20 times now and have never been disappointed. The customer service is great, and makes the meals all the better. I'll be back as often as I can. The owner (Prikash, sp?) consistently goes out of his way to make the dining experience even better.
5	This is the bomb Indian food buffet!!!! I eat here at least once every week or two. The food is excellent, always fresh, and the management is very friendly... would definitely suggest this restaurant to anyone who enjoys fine Indian food!!!!
5	Hands down the best Indian cuisine in Vegas.  Plakat Paneer (spinach & home made cheese) brings back incredible memories of Indian town in Singapore. ..doesn't get any more authentic than this. . And you can beat the $10.99 lunch buffet price!
5	Great customer service! I had surgery yesterday and my husband had promised to take me to Mt Everest afterwards - I was starving. We were running late and I called at 2:45 and begged them to place a carry out order (they close at 3:00). They saved the day, and let us pick up our order right after they closed. Great fresh food, with just the right amount of spice (they will kick it up to however hot you want no problem)!
4	Of all the Indian/Nepal buffets I've been to, this is the least salty and greasy. The tastedid not suffer in the least. It was, in fact, quite tasty. Not a huge selection, but a come-backer for sure. The staff was very helpful to ensure that I knew the vegan offerings, and brought me began naan bread as well.
4	Back in Vegas again for another short business trip and my coworker and I wanted to try something different. Something out of the normal. Came across this restaurant on yelp and thought this might be a new experience. I have to say that I loved the atmosphere of this place. Great scenery. Wanted to try some spices from the east. We ordered the chicken tiki masala which I certainly loved along with cheese nans. Wow perfect meal for what I was looking for. I only tried Indian food once before but it didn't catch my eye like it did this time. Might make it a weekly dish if I can find one as good back home. My coworker had lamb which I didn't enjoy as much. But overall great experience.
5	New fan FAVORITE!!  We have been in Las Vegas for about a year and we are slowly adding to our list of favorite ethnic restaurants. This place is TOPS!  The owner greeted us and instantly made a friend in my 4 yr old by giving her a high five. Gotta love a place that embraces kids!  The service was fantastic and the food was even better than fantastic. We can't wait to go back!  We devoured the chicken tiki masala and lamb curry. And let me not forget the 2 orders of garlic naan. We left stuffed, yet wanting more!  Until next time...
5	The best indian food in vegas without a doubt.  The service is superb!  Love the naan and chicken makhani!
5	I've been here for dinner about three times. The food takes a while to come out because it's made fresh from scratch. I'm not Indian BUT I have eaten food in many places; Bay area, Montreal, Calgary, Vancouver, London, So Cal, Australia...and this place ranks up there with the best. Lunch buffet may not be so impressive because the menu is "predictable" for those that aren't adventurous. Don't evern THINK about going to Bollywood over this place...EVER. That place is bad.
4	I guess I should have reviewed it the first time I went about 3 months back as that was a 5 star performance...Still was a good buffet but I left thinking...eh...4 stars. Maybe I just wasn't hungry enough todayThe tandoori chicken was just a slight bit dry and we had to wait a bit for the naan to come out.Overall a lot of Pros:+Every dish had a unique curry flavor...wasn't the same curry taste in multiple dishes+Food was hot and fresh...+Food quality was good, you'd think you ordered a la carte+Service was excellent...water was always refilled promptly(the guy that gave one star and said they used tap water...not the case today)+Love that paneer spinach and cheese thing+Chili Chicken was goodWe were there early enough so that when the cooks brought out the trays, they too took some plates of food from the tray into the back for themselves. For me that means no monkey business in the kitchen...you always assume there's not but I've seen too many episodes of Kitchen Nightmares.The goat was so-so...kinda fatty and lots of bones, was hard to find a good piece in the whole tray...for $10.99 perhaps that's not enough to cover a lamb substitute and maintain profit.I think what was missing today were my sweet monkey balls that seem to hit the desert spot and some beef korma...my favorite dish...I think they had it last time.Despite this not being as good as I first remembered...it's still the best Indian buffet I've tried (been to about 3)Overall a good spread and I will be back...call it 4.5 stars.
5	went back again, and will do so again next time.  great food, great service.  crappy neighborhood, but that's Vegas.
5	My favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas! Their food is very authentic, always fresh (as it is a popular lunch spot). Each time I go they offer a couple different items but still keep some familiar favorites, so it's hard to get tired of going to Mount Everest. Their staff is quick to clear your table during the lunch buffet, but if you're planning to go between 12 and 1, be prepared to wait a little bit because they get busy! Their tamarind sauce is the BEST.
5	I don't always eat Indian.....but when I do - I prefer Mt. Everest Las Vegas. After eating at Mt. Everest , it's all downhill. ha ha get it? that's right my friend, you will never have it as good.  So far I have only been here for the lunch buffet. Here at least once a week. sometimes twice.  My only previous experience eating Indian was when I lived in nyc for 20 years. There is probably 2 million indian restaurants there....one for every cab driver. Let me tell you my friend, even the best one there could not compete with mt. everest. I remember the last place i used to eat at, called CHOLA. Supposedly it was great. Always packed with indians. Their food was always greasy and made me feel tired afterwards (probably from chemical, or cheap quality?)Mt. everest is NOT like any other indian restaurant you have eaten in. The food is NOT greasy!!! The quality of the ingredients is fresh, and of high quality. I don't know how they do it...EVERY dish at that buffet is a solid TEN. I wish they would raise their buffet price to keep all the riff-raff like you yelpers out. Sadly, this place gets jam packed at lunch. The best part is that a corona is only $3.50. I really appreciate it when restaurants don't try to RAPE customers on liquor prices. Actually the food is the best part.wait the best part is the great indian music videos on tv there...wow, those guys know how to deliver a show
5	Love this place! I've been here for dinner as well as the lunch buffet and haven't yet tried something I didn't love. Mount Everest is still my "go-to" Indian spot, despite having tried several others since my first visit. If they delivered, you bet your ass they'd be on their way to my house right now with a big bag of awesome. Yes, everything you've heard about the "rough" location is true, but the food makes up for it. It's not a huge place either, so prepare for claustrophobia during the busy times.
5	We love this place.  Travel from Henderson to eat here.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  Food is prepared exceptionally.  You can taste the individual flavors in all the dishes.
5	Awesome Food and Service.!
5	This place is absolutely amazing. Before I get to the food I want to say how nice the waiter was. I think he was the owner'a son and he was so nice and funny. He just came over and talked to us and wanted to see how our food was and if we were doing okay. AND NOW THE FOOD! We ordered the chicken tikka masala, chicken jal frezi, and dal tarka with basmati rice for the main course. All were very tasty and the chicken was so tender. For dessert we got the sweet balls and the rice pudding. OMG both were soo good! Oh and of course the garlic naan was amazing! I definitely recommend this place!
1	Not recommended for dinner. The chicken makhani was made with overcooked meat and chilli chicken was made with refried meat probably cooked few days ago, it was tough as leather.
3	A little underwhelmed by the much-hyped Chicken Tikka Masala. Ordered take out, added on the garlic naan and galub jamon. Specified a spice level of 5/10 for my 'tikka and order was out in 10 minutes flat, with a large side of basmati rice.Chicken tikka masala was a good size for the $13 price tag, which included the rice. Garlic naan was worth the upcharge: delicious, soft, and flavorful, with a garlic scent that wafted through my car as I drove home. My disappointment came when I finally tried my entree. For a spice level of 5, I tasted absolutely no spice. And the sauce had a sweetness to it that I am not familiar with. It wasn't necessarily bad, but the dish didn't have the kick to it I was craving. Chicken in dish was in large chunks, sauce was a smidge on the thin side.Based on other reviews, I'm going to have to come back for the lunch buffet and reevaluate.
4	Some of the best Indian food I've had in a while! Being new to town, we stumbled upon this place driving around. Not much to look at from the outside but the food was very good. We arrived at lunch time so decided the best course of action was the buffet so we got to sample a large variety. Of note, the dishes used good quality cuts of meat (no nasty gristle surprised when you chomp down), service is good, and the flavors in the dishes are great. The only negative thing I can come up with is that the naan bread is a little "bready" for my liking.I'll definitely be back and would recommend it to new and old Indian food eaters.
3	I'm beginning to feel like all Indian lunch buffets are the same...While good, and flavorful, this place was no different... Just about all the indian joints I've been to have the same shit... Chicken Tandoori, Saag, Lentils, Chicken curry...Whatever... I think I'm becoming disenchanted with Indian Buffets the older I get...
5	Great: food, ambiance, personnel, service! Just read Nelson Q.'s review.... nuff said! I'm coming back whenever I'm in Vegas :)
5	BEST PLACE ON EARTH!My brother had to point out that it was a rather crappy part of town, but I didn't notice anything. Granted there were a lot of bail bond signs around and title loan locations, but that does not mean it is a bad part of town.Walking into the place, I was hit in the face with the smells of India, but not like it hit me in the face with a metal bat, more like a large fluffy pillow. We were seated and given our menus. As some of the others on here have said the mixed platter is excellent, the waiter is also very hydrating.I thought I was in Delhi while eating. Without the monkeys, or the 2 billion people around. It has been almost 24 hours and i am still stuffed. This place has made me rethink about the indian food I get in San Diego. I probably will never be the same again.The one chick that works there, that we saw... like a 9 on the hotness scale too.
5	One of the best non vegetarian and vegetarian Indian restaurant I been to. Take it from someone from who lived in Indian for 20 years... Your buffet was amazing...
5	Best Indian buffet in Vegas. Restaurant is very clean and staff is always very friendly and attentive. Good selection of items on buffet and they are always hot and fresh.
4	Awesome Indian lunch buffet! Not only is the price great, the food is too!!
4	Of all the Indian places in Vegas... this is a frequent stop for me! I am pretty stuffed and satisfied everytime after dining here.  The restaurant seems like a family owned business and the customer service is wonderful!! They are super nice, friendly, and seem easy to get their attention if you need anything. There's also a TV playing in the corner with current Indian movies with plenty of bollywood dancing and hip current Indian music.  The usual dishes we order are:  - appetizers: vegetable pakora and samosas, thinly spiced cracker (don't know the name of it - sorry) - main dishes : tandoori chicken, palak paneer, chicken korma, chicken makhani, lamb curry (rogan josh) - sides: garlic naan and riceThe appetizers are very tasty and a good size that come with a mint jutney sauce and a spicier sauce.  All the main dishes are very good also.  Warning though, if you ask for spicy... these dishes can definately make you sweat like a banshsee!! just ask my bf!! I like them milder and ask for mild or a level "3" and they are delish.  Maybe "5" or higher will be too spicy and possibly not enjoyable... but up to one's palate.  The tandoori chicken comes out on a sizzling plate and the chicken is so tender and tasty, always a safe bet.  The chicken makhani (butter chicken) is my absolute favorite! The korma and curry are pretty rich in spices and have very distinct flavors to the dishes.  I think the palak paneer is alright but reminds me more of creamed spinach - so maybe a pass.  This place is small and cozy but usually hopping with customers.  The food may come out a bit slower when they are busy but it's worth the wait.  Always happy with the food and service here that makes me keep coming back for my Indian food fix!!  I really need to come for the lunch buffet which looks like a great deal for the same food.
4	Had their buffet and it was great! I love Indian food, but can't handle the spiciness of it...and didn't think the buffet was too spicy. So, if you love hot/spicy then you may want to order off of the main menu. I'll definitely be trying this place out again soon!
5	Went here based on reviews.  Probably drove by 100 times but never checked out.  It is a great restaurant, good service/great food/good pricing/ good selection.  Definitely will be back.
4	After talking about Indian food with Doriee D and Andrew C we decided to check this place out the next day for their lunch buffet which runs from 11 am to 3 pm daily. I usually like to order off the menu at places like this but for some reason it seems like Indian places in Vegas prefer to do buffet only for lunch. After seeing a bunch of positive friends' reviews of this place we figured it was a fairly safe and solid choiceGiven the time we arrived, I'd say the buffet was still fairly full since the lunch buffet ends at 3 pm, however, we never saw it refilled while we were there. On my first plate I tried a little bit of everything which meant I had a pretty full plate to work through. The stand outs were the curry chicken, tandoori chicken, and chili chicken, which had a little kick to it. The veggie samosa and sweet basmati rice were ok...and are probably an acquired taste. Fresh naan was brought to our table and it was warm and delicious! Not burnt, old, or cold like some other places. After the first plate I was already pretty full and just got seconds of the chicken dishes I liked.We wanted to try their milky balls =P for dessert but they were all gone by the time we were done eating so we had to settle for the sweet rice pudding instead, which I believe is called kheer? For $10.99 for an AYCE buffet the food was decent and I would come back the next time I have a craving for Indian food.
2	The food was okay.   I had malai kofta and it was too sweet and kofta was hard.  The waiter asked how was the food and I told him exactly how it was.   Next time I may try different dish.  The place was busy, assuming the food must be good but that's not the case.  I guess it depends what you order.
5	Best indian restaurant... great buffet during lunch hours
5	Very good food! Nice crew! Recommend this place to everyone who likes indian cuisine!
5	This place was amazing! My boyfriend and I took his mom there for a late Mother's Day dinner. He had recently gone to India so she thought trying Indian good sounded good. We showed up and got seated right away. Very small, quiet place. All the employees were very nice and our server was very helpful with suggestions. There were 5 of us so we just got a bunch of different things to share. This dish I chose was the lamb masala! AMAZING!! Very sweet/spicy sauce and that lamb was cooked perfectly. By the end of the meal everyone was so full and the bill was very reasonable. Overall great experience and will definitely be back to try the lunch buffet!
5	Brilliant buffet- super spongy naan, crunchy pakoda and samosa were my favorites. If u r dying for some good Indian food, this place will definitely satisfy you
5	If you're in the mood for some authentic Indian food & spice this is a place to go... The food is absolutely fantastic down to the  Naan bread- spices are true to scale & flavors are on point! The location doesn't look like much when you first pull up; in fact might find yourself questioning your choice, but trust me you will get over it as soon as you try the food. Also, this is a very family oriented restaurant, so bring the kids and whoever else in your family tree. -B
2	The staff behaved very bad...if you ask them for "liquor menu" their reply is an arrogant "No" because you asked for a wrong menu...it's called the "Beer Menu" (not liquor...lol)Food is average, not something exciting. All my rating is for the samosa and the Indian bread, which was always served hot! Very good service, even when it was crowded.Overall a decent 2 star
4	Really good food. I'm an indian and knows what is a good indian good. Friendly and quick  service.  We ordered spicy food .. And loved it. Their dessert was average ..  Therefore giving 4.5 stars else would have given 5.
4	Awesome food, great taste, but takes a while for them to get you seated.
5	Well the fact that I drive half way across town..... At rush hour.... in 100+ heat.... Should tell you what you need to know,  the food and service are very very good.
2	I've been eating at Everest for a couple of years now. Their food has always been the ideal comfort food. I quit going to Mint because the experience at Everest couldn't be topped! That said, what is going on with this place!? I haven't seen the owner in months. I visited on Sunday and though they have 4 people working the dining room, service is a disaster. You have to beg for water and napkins. My water was refilled once in the whole visit, but the check was promptly delivered before we finished eating. The food quality is WAY down. I couldn't cut the chili chicken with a knife, it was dried to jerky. My favorite, richly flavored makhani is now a strangely over spiced lackluster sauce. The overall quality has taken a major hit in the owner's absence. I can only hope he returns and whips that place into shape!
5	I have tried several Indian restaurants in town and Mount Everest is by far my favorite. The food is great the prices are reasonable, and the service is fast! For dinner the Chicken Tikki Masala is amazing, and if you're looking for a good fast lunch their lunch buffet can't be beat.
5	The chicken tiki masala is delicious and the servers were so nice.  When we first pulled up we were not so sure because it looks small and old and in an older area but once you got inside it was ok and smelled so good.
4	Ask for garlic naan.  Best Indian cuisine lunch buffet in town.
4	After wanting to try this place on my last couple visits to Vegas, I finally made it there on Monday. The husband and I literally drove from Phoenix straight to Mount Everest for the lunch buffet. This buffet was no joke, the food on it was very good. We both felt it was one of the best Indian buffets we had been to. So much so, that I ate a ton of food and couldn't eat another thing for the rest of the day. Standout dishes were the chickpea curry, the sweet rice (never seen this before!), and the warm carrot dessert.... so tasty! The chicken tikka masala wasn't the best I'd ever had. Complaints include: we finished a full plate of food before getting the opportunity to ask for naan (they didn't bring any to us), our booth was in a weird corner you had to squeeze into, and their women's bathroom wasn't super clean (although I imagine that was from a recent customer and not due to a general lack of cleanliness). I would recommend this place to locals for sure.
4	This is typical family run Indian place ..just off the strip ..very enthusiastic guys and service is great .Food is also nice . Decor could have been better but the guys friendly disposition makes for it ..the food is fresh and portion size is great .
3	Since my favorite Indian joint was shut down due to health code violations (come on, what are a few cockroaches when the food is amazing?) I decided to give this place a shot.  I really liked it!  My date and I split the Mt. Everest dinner which had a little bit of everything and it was delish.  It was also more than enough food for the two of us! We also added an order of garlic naan and it was so tasty.  My only complaints are:  the paleek paneer only had one small chunk of paneer, and the service was pretty impersonal.  The prices were pretty average, and the location is not the best - but I do love a good hole in the wall from time to time.  Will I go here again?  Yep, I'd love to.  Will I keep hunting for the a new go-to for Indian food?  Yeah.  This place was great but isn't quite as good as some other places I've been to.
4	For a lunch buffet, it's good quality and choices.  They have some exotic choices such as goat, along with the classic Indian dishes such as curry, saag (the best dish), and paneer.  It comes with an order of naan bread.  All of this for just above $10 is an awesome deal.I ordered the mango lassi and it was too sweet.  That's probably the only real compliant.Service is quick and friendly and easy to find.  Parking is abundant.
2	I relied on yelp reviews and made a trip to this place all the way from Las Vegas strip.. It's not that far.. It took me just 10 mins by cab ($16).. I came in for lunch buffet and I didn't like what I saw so I asked if I can order ala carte but sadly that don't allow that. I arrive bit early and the food labels on the buffet were wrong. Samosa was good and so was the naan but rest of the stuff was disappointing. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	One of the best Indian buffet yet!  Excellent food selection and display ! Samosas and Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Sweet Rice, Lentil, Chutney, Naan are 5 stars!!! And try Chai tea too!! For $10, this is an amazing spread! Restaurants clean, definitely made it onto my fav lunch spot list !
4	Visiting from NJ where there is a large Indian population, I can say this was a great find in LV.  The flavors here are not quite as bold and cater towards more of an American crowd, but everything was delicious.  We shared the mt Everest combination meal which was a great deal and had a good amount of food. Would recommend to anyone looking for their curry fix,
4	Very tasty, reasonably priced Indian food (especially considering the cost at some of the other restaurants and resorts in Vegas). We made the drive from Henderson and it was worth it -- chicken tikka masala and lamb korma were both tasty (but had kick! I had to order a mango lassi to quench the fire). Attentive staff and easy parking - just be aware it might feel a little sketchy in that area, but we had no problems. Get the garlic naan, too!
2	I am surprised Mt Everest has a higher rating than MINT because it is not even close to the same quality.When I pulled up I was surprised to see a drive thru but then I realized it was closed and the employees were using it to park their cars. Upon walking into the restaurant, I noticed the buffet in the back corner looking sad and unsanitary. I sat down and shortly after we were brought out the papadum and were asked what we wanted to order. The papadum and sauces just weren't good and to top things off the basket it was in was not cleaned. I shouldn't have overlooked this but I did because I was craving Indian food. I ordered two mango lassi's, garlic naan, malai kofta, chicken makhani their speciality, and basmati rice. The mango lassi's were brought out instantly. This one was not made well, was overly sweet, tasted artificial, and was not thick enough. I was able to stomach mine but my dining partner wanted to send hers back. I asked the Asian man if we could send it back and he giggled and said no. Then our Indian waiter comes over laughs and says Mango Lassi's our supposed to be sweet and I said I know I have had my a Mango Lassi before but but this overly sweet, he begrudgingly took it back. Our entrees come and the portions are huge. Both of the curries had that artificial taste and reminded me of curry at a food court. The chicken in the chicken makhani was dry and the fat was not trimmed off properly. The veggie balls in the malai kofta were extremely hard on the outside and not very moist on the inside. The garlic naan was tasty but once again it was brought out in a basket that was not clean. The Indian food here is mediocre and I question how well things are cleaned.
1	Went to eat buffet. This is the Worst food ever I eat. All the dishes are tasteless. I won't recommend this to anyone.
4	We really enjoyed the food. Great flavor throughout the meal. The chicken dishes were moist - fork cut, and the lamb we had was well prepared. This is a little gem of an Indian joint
5	BEST INDIAN FOOD IN LAS VEGAS. Their butter chicken is soooooo delicious! To die for. The owner is so friendly and very professional. I always recommended people to go there when they are craving Indian food even when I help my guests visiting me at the spa where I work.
5	One of the best restaurants in Vegas.Great service, the food was served within a few minutes of ordering.Taste was really good and the quantity was good too.Would definitely go back again.
5	We eat Indian food a lot and are quite particular.  I am pleased to say that this restaurant exceeded my expectations in all respects.   I like that the owner and his family work together and are very service oriented.  Of course the food is why we would go and, again, it exceeded our expectations.  Clearly, the best Indian food in Las Vegas.  The chicken tikka masala was excellent as was the lamb vindaloo.  Big menu making it hard to choose and I found myself looking at all the great dishes coming out if the kitchen.  Try and get there early to get a booth as it looks much more comfortable than a regular table.  Highly recommended and we will be back soon with our friends.
5	Yes.  Yes.  Yes.My wife and I took a little bus ride over here on one of our annual trips to Vegas (honeymoon this time yay!) and man was it worth it.  We love Indian buffets, but in the Midwest the quality level can vary quite a bit.  Mount Everest hits it out of the park.  Price was incredibly reasonable (10-15$), they had just about every Indian food I've ever had available, and the taste was sublime.  Mouth-watering delicious.  The staff was polite and friendly too.The bus ride was very reasonable.  We bought a Deuce Bus 24 hr pass ($8) which was also good for the city bus, so we were able to hop one from the strip over to there.  Its a pretty quick ride and the neighborhood seemed fine.  I've snagged the Duece pass each time I've been in Vegas and despite being slow at times its one of the best ways to save money when out on the town.If you are an Indian Buffet lover, this is my favorite of all the ones I've had, so definitely make the time and give it a stop.
5	Hands down the best Indian food we've had and that is saying something. Excellent vegetarian options and they made two perfectly executed custom Vegan dishes for my husband. Customer service was beyond expectations; nice relaxed atmosphere; and located off the strip so great prices for lots of amazing food. We will definitely be making a trip back.
3	Having read all other Yelpers, we went for their lunch buffet. Being Indian I would rate their buffet 3/5. Having tasted other Buffets in Midwest, I would say they are 4/5. Their food has a lot of chilli - so beware. Vegetarian selection was - kofta, kadhi, dal-makhni, aloo-gobhi, 2 kinds of rice. Their naan is below average. You must must order their mango lassi - its thick, and delicious. We didnt try the non-veg food so no comments.
4	I woke up seriously wounded, defeated, +hungover on Saturday, and in a fit of hunger, I decided that my boyfriend and I needed to check this Indian buffet out. The price is right, at $10.99 per person. I also like how the lunch buffet is served every day from 11am - 3pm, which allows me enough time to catch up on my beauty rest on the weekends.To my surprise, it was above average, very enjoyable; but mind you, not out of this world mind blowing. Plus, a small ounce of hatred flowed through me when I found out that they no longer served garlic naan for the lunch buffet...Man! I was really looking forward to that! I appreciated their authenticity in the spice department. Whew! They don't mess around. Some of the items on the buffet such as the veggie samosas and the malai kofta, had some shocking heat and I loved it! I didn't care for every dish they had available on the buffet - Some were too starchy or dry, but no worries, there were more than enough options to get me stuffed silly. Here are my favorites! - Fresh Baked Naan Bread - even though they don't serve garlic naan anymore - they were on top of refilling our basket and making sure we had hot, crispy, fluffy and fresh naan throughout our meal.- Sweet Rice (basmati rice sweetened with honey) - It had a very faint sweetness and flavor of honey, plus I loved the color!- Saag Paneer - The cheese curds were a little on the overcooked and hard side, but the spinach curry was very deep and flavorful. - Malai Kofta - It was interestingly sweet and packed full with flavorful spices, I loved the spicy kick it had. I really enjoyed dunking my naan in this one. - Chicken Tikka Masala - The curry flavor was rather weak on this one, but it was very rich and creamy. The chicken was very tender as well. - Tandoori Chicken - The chicken was tender and moist. - Veggie Samosa - Spicy city! I loved the unexpected spices that came through in each bite. It woke my taste buds up! - Mint and Tamarind Chutney - Refreshing and sweet. They both paired perfectly with all of the dishes and the naan. I especially enjoyed them with the samosa and the spicy curries! - Raita - Very refreshing and cooling for the heavy and spicy curries. - Rice Pudding - We loved the sweetness and the consistency with this rice pudding.I'll Pass: - Pakora - very dry- Aloo Baingan (eggplant and potato) - wasn't too flavorful or memorable. - Curry Chicken - boring flavor- Chili Chicken - dried out- Yellow Dal - too thick and flavor was not exciting - Chana Masala - not memorable on the spices and flavor - There were many other buffet items that just didn't stand out to me.After our lunch I had a minor stomach ache - but I'll blame that on my hangover and all that alcohol that was in my belly. Tsk tsk naughty.
5	This has to be the best Indian food down here in Vegas! Definitely coming back on my next trip
5	This place has by far the best lunch buffet with everything tasting fresh and flavorful.
5	Great buffet.  The options were were plenty, food was fresh and authentic.  Would definitely go back.
5	Delectable,  reasonable, very good service. Extensive menu is kindly explained for a westerner.
5	I have to update my review to once again say how amazing this place is! Everytime we come here the wait staff is always so nice and attentive. The food OMG the food! It's absolutely amazing. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, chicken korma, and chicken Kadai. They were all amazing! They had the perfect blend of spices and the chicken was very tender. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
5	My friend and I were looking to save a few dollars in Las Vegas, little did we know that this would be a meal that would give any meal on the strip a run for its money!  The owner, Prakash, was very welcoming.  I had the chicken curry and my friend had the chicken tikka masala.  We also had an order of garlic na'an and cheese na'an.  First off, the garlic na'an was tremendous on its own, with great garlic taste.  The cheese na'an really shined in the masala sauce.  As for the entrees, both were full of flavor and well spiced.  Plenty of chicken, and the sauces were great!  We both ate more than our fair share, and that was before dessert.  I really appreciate the warm atmosphere, the great food, and the fantastic taste of this place and would return in a heartbeat.
5	I love Indian food. I've lived here for 8 years and was skeptical about trying any Indian food out here because I'm originally from New York and the Indian food there is outstanding. I didn't think Vegas had any decent Indian restaurants until I walked into this place. I was hesitant because from the outside, the place looks sketchy but the food was outstanding. The Korma and Tikki Masala were full of great flavor and  the meat was perfectly tender. Dipping the garlic Naan into the sauces was just delicious. The service here was outstanding as well. Very attentive staff and they have a great sense of humor as well. Definitely coming back and I hope you foodie fanatics that haven't tried Indian yet will give this place a shot.
2	I hate to downgrade this place, but it's totally necessary. After telling everyone how great this place is, we took a friend there for dinner. Being pregnant, hungry and soon to be chubby, I ordered two main dishes. I love saag and I love masala sauce so I ordered both. My chicken tikka masala was good and made to order. My friend got that as well and liked hers. The hubby liked his curry, too. We had exceptional service that night. Where they get downgraded is that they without a doubt served me leftover saag from the lunch buffet. The spinach was browned like it had been left under a heat lamp all day, it had tell-tale paneer in it that they missed removing even though I ordered it plain, and it was spicy as hell even though I ordered it mild. So disappointed in this place for trying to pull a stunt like this. Even though I feel this place may still be the best in town...I'm now on the hunt for my new favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas.
5	This place is freaking fantastic, my parents were craving indian food (couldn't go 3 days without it) so I just found this place on yelp. TERRIFIC FOOD, FANTASTIC SERVICE. I'm usually very wary of Indian places because they never compare to my mom's cooking but this place is amazing. If you're craving indian food while in vegas be sure to stop by
4	this was my first time trying Indian Cuisine.The buffet was a nice selection of different things.  The food was very hot.  Nothing worse than luke warm food at a buffet.  The naan was amazing and there was an orange colored rice that was to die for.I was not in love with any of the food but I am a very picky eater.  My 4 stars was because the people I went with enjoyed all of the food very much and all have had Indian food prior to visiting Mount Everest.  They said it was one of the best Indian restaurants in Las Vegas!
5	Delicious food and friendly staff. All the things you'd ever want from a restaurant. Great for vegetarians- even vegans.
5	Great place. Went for the 11 dollar lunch buffet. They had lots of delicious choices; among them were pakoras, saag paneer, curry lentils, chicken tikka masala, and two kinds of rice, including my beloved basmati with peas. Everything was hot, fresh, and tasty. They brought us hot naan bread in a basket with our meal. Service was excellent. I would love for them to add a dessert--rice pudding, maybe? Good experience. Highly recommend.
5	Great food! The food here was really good and I went home with my tummy full! This is the best Indian food we have eaten in America and the service is good too. Its a family resteraunt and the food is delicious. I would recommend this place to Indian food lovers.
5	It's now my favourite Indian restaurant. This is by far, the best Indian buffet in town. $11 for an AYCE buffet... Yes please. I just finished eating and I can barely function. Highlights of the meal for me:Chicken tikka masala - very tender and juicy. Not as spicy, but very flavourful. Pakoras and samosas - crispy, crunchy, chewy, soft, they got it all. I could go on... I didn't have anything bad and they definitely made a great first impression. I highly recommend their lunch buffet!
5	Friend recommended we go to Mt after class she said it was cheap and tasty as a college student cheap is always good and I'm so glad she took me here BEST INDIAN FOOD IN TOWN!! The staff was also very friendly definitely coming back!
5	Every time im off work and wanna eat a delicious large meal at a decent price I come here. Best indian lunch buffet with the best selections. Their dinner menu is still good but a lil om the pricey side so I come for lunch...and its all you can eat! How can you beat that? Recommend it to everyone when family and friends come to town.
5	Food was amazing and I would totally go again! Plus it's so much cheaper than anywhere else!:-)
4	We found this place randomly on our trip to Utah.  The food was great, but beware the portions are HUGE.  So you can probably share with a group of people.  Worth trying if you are in the area, food has great flavor and service was good.  They lost one star because we thought we waited a bit long for the food.
4	Great lunch buffet. I'd go back for that.
5	Mt Everest Indian restaurant is perhaps the best in the valley of their kind. They have a great team and service accommodation mountainous to equal to and an unparalleled feat of culinary execution that won't send you to Everest in economics. Personally, since I live by it then I have it favorably but their plaques and wall of achievements are not on paper but in the appetites and sensibilities of pleased returning guests. If there may be contestations there are but two: proceed to India or reincarnation! Amen.
5	So sad this is 5 hours away from us, but our new favorite Nepalese/Indian spot.  We had delicious vegetarian momos with a fragrant sauce, chicken kadai (which was a first for us) and delicious, plus a unique variation of malai kofta with a rich and creamy sauce that begs for your naan bread.Prakash took great care of us along with his staff and even brought us complimentary dessert.  I highly recommend this place and don't show too much bravado on spice, a "7" was the perfect heat for us and we usually go "8" or "9" at most places.  Enjoy!
5	Authentic food and great service! Filling not only through quantity but through quality as well. Really amazing!
5	Outstanding as per usual. It took us a while to find a great Indian restaurant in Las Vegas, but this is it. Food quality is amazing, service great and the value for money is perfect. A number of 'top' Vegas Indian restaurants are way overcharging, but not this place!
5	Excellent food, quick prep and helpful serving. We ordered chicken mono, tandoori chicken and biryani .. Pleasantly surprised by the food quality n taste.
5	We came to this restaurant based on yelp reviews and we were not disappointed. This place is not only close to my house, but everything we ordered was delicious. From service to presentation and portion size we had a perfect evening out. We ordered Saag with Lamb, butter chicken, tandoori chicken and garlic naan. The least favorite was the tandoori chicken. Not that anything was wrong with it, but because everything else was so damn delicious that the tandoori chicken was the only thing left over. This is our new go to place for indian food. I will 100% return
5	Comfort Food. Im a foodie and have literally eaten at all Indian Places in Las Vegas. I have eaten here since day one. And I have to say this is the best Indian food ever. I have taken many people here and now are regulars as well as friends from India , they told me that its like  real home cooked food. Love this place. I will always continue to come here and only here for Northern Indian food.
5	What an experience!This was our first time dining here and won't be our last.Prakash and his staff are hands down, the most genuine and hospitable people we've had the pleasure of meeting.He gave wonderful dining recommendations and they were spot on!  All three of us thoroughly enjoyed all our items; many thanks for the complimentary rice pudding...that was so refreshing!The quality of the food was outstanding and the flavors were noticeably more rich or delicate when required.   Excellent value for everything we ordered.Overall,Mount Everest has top service, food taste and quality, and value.  We can't wait to come back!I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting to taste Las Vegas's finest Indian cuisine.
5	We loved our experience here! I haven't eaten Momos in ages! Thank you so much Prakash for the delicious food and beautiful hospitality!
5	The restaurant smells fragrant and mouth-watering upon entry. The staff are friendly, efficient and attentive (they even remembered that I liked my water without ice on my refills!) We had the buffet lunch  and it was outstanding. The variety and quality of the food was first-rate. I ate a little bit of everything on the buffet and would have gone back for seconds, but saved some room for dessert. I became a completely devoted fan on the last item I had - a small dish of rice pudding that almost brought tears to my eyes as it tasted like the kind my father used to make. I will return here again and again on my own as well as with guests and friends and relatives who visit who will truly appreciate authentic Indian food.
5	Ok folks, I'm not an employee nor was I compensated for this review. This was my first time here and this place is absolutely going on my return visit list.OMG, this place is amaze-balls! If you're lookin for some down home Indian cuisine, this IS the place. The food wasn't too spicey but you can talk to a server and have em dial it up, I'm sure.For the price and quality, you cannot beat this place!
5	Excellent. For $10.99, you'll get a lunch buffet of steaming hot rice, curries, chicken tandoori, masala, salads, and fresh naan bread. A special shout out to Gulab Jamun. I felt dubious at first. What the hell are these copper colored balls floating in a steamy translucent mixture? It looked like something out of Alien. But I was proven wrong. They were sweet, fragrant, and the perfect size. It was like a sponge donut soaked in a sweet sauce. So good! They were the perfect end note after a hearty meal. The ambience is cute, too: white linen tables, nice glasses and silverware and a television showing Indian pop culture. Fabulous. Plenty of parking around the restaurant and the service was excellent throughout. I will gladly come here again if a pang for Indian food sparked.
1	We were looking for an Indian buffet place for lunch, so a quick search on Yelp threw up Everest India's Cuisine with good reviews so we decided to give it a try. As usual I was skeptical of any Indian place with good reviews but decided to give it a try hoping to be proved wrong. Mount Everest is located on Sahara Avenue not too far from the strip and has sufficient parking so location and accessibility is fine.When we entered at peak lunch hour on Sunday the place was packed which I took as a good sign. As the restaurant is small and tables are cramped close to each other so seating is very uncomfortable and navigating to and from the buffet is painful as you void bumping into other diners.The dishes were standard fare that you will find in any Indian buffet. The appetizers included tandoori chicken, samosa and some fried potato dish. Butter chicken, saag, chili chicken and mutton curry were entrees. Then there was steamed rice and dal and lastly gulab jamun and sweet rice for desert.Taste wise what stood out to me was that every dish was bad. Not just one or two items but everything that I ate was the text book definition of bad Indian food. Tandoori chicken seemed to be boiled and then doused with a lot of color as it lacked any flavor at all and was stone cold. The samosa seemed to be undercooked. The pan fried potato were limp and seemed to be days old. The butter chicken was barely edible. Chili chicken tasted gross and the goat in the mutton curry was undercooked so was chewy (not one person in our entire group could eat the goat). The naan provided at the table was thin and overcooked so it felt like a crispy flatbread. We asked for garlic naan which was better but it came at the fag end of the meal so it was almost useless. The gulab jamun was one of the worst that I'd ever had and the sweet rice was forgettable. I also noticed that there was no biryani in this buffet.Service was also slow. As mentioned garlic naan was provided at the end of the meal. Plates were not cleared quickly so we ended up stacking them in one corner which made the small table feel even more cramped. Even stacked plates did not prompt quick service and at one time we were scared that the plates would topple over and cause a mess but that did not deter our servers from ignoring them.At the end of the meal I was happy to be out of this small, cramped, claustrophobic place with terrible food. A sentiment echoed by each and every member of our group that ate here.Price wise it was $10.99 which is typical for Indian buffet's but what I can't get is the high ratings for this place. unfortunately another Indian restaurant that did not live up to its sky high ratings. Obviously won't make the mistake of returning again.
4	I may not be an expert on Indian food, but the large number of Indians I see eating at this restaurant must mean something. Their buffet is $10.99 for lunch, which includes everything but garlic naan  and mango lassi. The restaurant may not be attractive from the outside, but is clean inside. My favorite Indian restaurant in town!
5	The food was great . Price is right. Warm atmosphere.chicken butter was my favorite dish.
3	After a very long night Saturday night, my fella and I woke up around 11:30 absolutely STARVING.  We got up, got ready, and ventured out, neither of us really knowing what we wanted to eat.Our first choice was closed on Sundays (boo), so as we were driving back towards the house, I pulled up my trusty Yelp app, and did a search for nearby restaurants. Mount Everest was the first one that popped up, and with such a high rating, we decided that since we hadn't had Indian food in a long time, we would give it a go!We walked in, and were smacked in the face with the most delicious aroma!  It smelled like all the beautiful spices I miss from my Indian friends cooking for me back home in Chicago. We were greeted and shown to a table, and told that we could go ahead and start on the buffet whenever we were ready.For $10.99 per person, I thought that the buffet was nice.  Lots of choices!  First round, I tried almost everything...I was a little stand-offish about the goat curry.  I've never had goat before and was nervous, but I did try it second round.  My favorites: Daal (lentil soup):  really spicy and full of flavor.  Its good on its own or over the basmati rice. Chicken Tikka Masala.  Uh.  YUM.  Tender chicken in a rich and creamy sauce...mmm.Vegetable Samosas:  Delightful.  Lightly spiced, and delicious.  I went back for thirds of these, and they are really nice with the mint chutney.Naan:  I had hoped for the garlic Naan, but alas, we only got the regular.  That's ok.  It was AMAZING.  My fella's favorite of the day was the naan dipped in the tikka masala sauce.  SO delightful!I liked the Aloo Baingan (eggplant and potato), but it was just a tiny bit too spicy for me.I found the goat curry very thin/greasy looking in the sauce, and it was honestly hard to get a couple pieces of meat, as there were so many bones.  It was a little fatty for me, but the flavor and cook was good.  I would be willing to try it again.  The tandoori chicken was just kind of "meh" for me.  My fella loved it.  I'm not usually a big fan of chicken on the bone though, so I know that had something to do with it.Service was polite and quick.  Our water glasses were never empty, and we received our naan in a timely manner.  I loved the Bollywood music and videos playing too.  All in all, this was a good experience for me.  It wasn't mind blowing, but I found the food very tasty.  I would definitely return, and recommend it to anyone looking for good Indian Food.
5	Oh it's so good. I enjoy the chili chicken. The owner is a good man too, all good staff.
5	This is our go-to dinner restaurant in Las Vegas for delicious Indian and Nepalese food. We over-order, so we can fight over the leftovers the next day.  Their food is always fresh, and perfectly flavored. The chutneys and sauces are great, too. Our out-of-town guests are always impressed with the food here. The staff is always welcoming and the service is above average. We love this place!
3	Decent food and service. Tried the lunch buffet -- good selection of traditional veg and non-veg Indian dishes including Tikka masala, Tandoori Chicken, Goat Curry and plenty of Paneer based veg choices. Good flavors, great aromas, tasty dishes. There are not a lot of good Indian restaurants in Las Vegas, but Mount Everest certainly serves up a good meal.  I recommend giving it a try.
5	Absolutely delicious, every time. Favorites include the makhani chicken, vegetable korma, and lamb keema. Staff is incredibly friendly and polite. 10/10 would go again.
5	This is the best indian food you will have in your life unless you actually go to India.The lamb is tender, no matter the dish, and the spice levels are always on point. The naan is fluffy like a big cloud on the sky (chili garlic naan is DELICIOUS!!). The most delicious thing though is the butter chicken. Good god almighty. He recipe is nothing I have ever had before and is apparently a secret recipe.On top of everything the staff is polite and super kind. It's the indian cheers of Las Vegas.
5	I've been coming to Mt Everest to get my Indian food fix for the past 5 years, and every single time I eat here I come away happy. I'm a vegetarian, and they have a superb list of veggie dishes. Some of my favorites are the paneer tikka masala, the malai kofta, the dal makhani and the palak paneer. One of my absolute favorite dishes here is one of their appetizers-the veggie momo. It's a supple dumpling filled with mixed veggies and spices, perfectly steamed, and served with a spicy dip. I dream about it. The owner is so down to earth and nice. He always recognizes me and my family and is so kind to us. I don't usually post reviews of places that I eat, but I'll definitely go out of my way to recommend this delicious restaurant. Give it a try!
5	Good quality, tasty Indian food. Best Indian food in Las Vegas west of the Strip. Several vegetarian entrees.
4	My opinion has always been that Mint Indian Bistro is the best Indian restaurant in town.  I've been to their buffets and a la cart dinner. I've only had Mount Everest's buffet, and I was really impressed by it. When my sister was in town we decided to check this place out. We came for dinner around 7:30PM. The restaurant wasn't that busy at that time. We were seated immediately. We ordered Samosa Chat for appetizer. The chat was ok, it was covered into much yogurt and there was no tamarind sauce on it. The dinner order was Vegetable Navarattan Korma, Daal Makhani, and Chicken Tikka Masala with Garlic Naan. The curries come with rice, which is a plus.  The curries were delicious and there was plenty leftover food for next day. The naan was fresh and tender. I really like this restaurant for their food, with the exception of appetizer this location is almost as good as Mint.
5	Just got done having lunch here and again...the BEST INDIAN FOOD in VEGAS hands down. The staff is amazing and they understand how to treat their customers, regular or new. The buffet is a can't miss. Beats anything on the strip in my opinion.
4	I went today for the lunch buffet and the food was great! My favorite thing about this restaurant is the abundance of vegetarian options. I had the bismati rice, green beans with potatoes, spinach saag, vegetable korma, and samosas. The rice was perfect and not overcooked. Since I am vegetarian and absolutely love spinach, the saag was my favorite. Everything was seasoned well and had just the right amount of spice. I am glad this restaurant did not go light on the seasonings to appease some delicate palates. I will say I am not a big fan of buffets, but all of the food was hot and fresh. I also liked the fact they had someone keeping a close eye on the buffet to quickly replace rice and any other food item that was running low. On a side note, as a local, I forget there are a lot of tourists in town. When a large group stopped by on the way to the airport with luggage in tow, no one gave it a second thought and they were quickly accommodated. I will definitely be back.
5	Love this place! I always pick up instead of eating in, but it's fresh and amazing. Always have leftovers due to their generous portions. I recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala & Saag Paneer.
5	As recent Los Angeles transplants, this has become our favorite place in Las Vegas to grab dinner to go. The Chicken Tikka is amazing and the Saag Paneer is one of our favorites that no one ever mentions. Can't recommend Mt Everest enough.
5	Great service and great food! Chicken Tikka masala is the best in town!
5	Still the only Indian restaurant I go to in Vegas. I've been to several but doesn't compare as far as quality nor options (for the lunch buffet). Their vegetarian options are plenty. It's nice to go to a place that doesn't cater only to carnivores. For meat, they always offer chicken and today they had goat as well, although I've also seen lamb.The staff/owners are so nice and appreciate their customers. Can't type anymore. So full.
5	It was like my mouth went on a journey to heaven:) I've been here twice before with my best friend and every time it's been so satisfying. The lunch buffet is always worth it.
3	This place is pretty good, but certainly not amazing.  The meat that I ordered (meat platter) was incredibly dry.  I haven't had the lunch buffet, so I can't comment on that.  However, if the food I had was representative of the food at the buffet, I would raise my rating based on the price of the buffet alone.  That being said, I went for dinner and it was pretty pricey and I didn't think it was that great in comparison to other Indian food that I have had in Vegas. I would come back here to try the buffet, but probably won't be returning for dinner.
5	It was busy when I arrived for the first time tonight, which is a good sign. Chicken tikka masala with garlic naan was excellent. Friendly staff, reasonable price. I will be back for more :)
5	I have only gone to the buffet. I really enjoy the tandoori chicken with rice. Oh and the naan, it so yummy. I always leave with a smile and a full belly. You can't beat the price.
4	This place was great, I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, Garlic butter naan, and Chicken Tikka and all tasted fantastic.  The servers were very pleasant and accommodating as well.
5	My first time having Indian food and all I can say is wow! I'm so hooked. I had the Mt Everest sampler so I can try a bit of everything and omg party in my mouth. The service was great. I plan to be a repeat client. I am totally in love.
5	The hubby and I come here often for the buffet lunch. Absolutely love the food! Service is good. The restaurant is a good size but can get packed quickly on the weekends.
5	Food was great; service even better!  When you get here ask for Laxman or Prakas! They took time to explain my options, gave suggestions,  and made this the best business dinner ever in "Sin City"! A must visit!
5	Fabulous experience!  Food was perfect and service was even better.  Will come again next time we're in town!
4	Food & service here is amazing! Ordered 3 vegetarian dishes to share: Paneer Tikka Masala, Korma and Palak Paneer, plus garlic naan. SO GOOD and SO FULL!
5	Honestly this is the best Indian food I've had aside from homemade! This was the first restaurant I went to on moving to Vegas. Service was so wonderful. We went in for dinner although they do have a lunch buffet which I definitely plan on going to. We had the owner as our host who recommended their 4-course (I think) special. Came with papadums, chicken appetizers, a sampler selection of entrees, and pistachio ice cream. After talking with the owner and getting to know him he let us try the rice pudding which was absolutely wonderful too. The place was almost packed within 30 minutes of opening, and for good reason!
5	Great food! Great service! What more do you need! I don't really like Indian food but this place was awesome! The chicken tiki Marsala And the chicken korma were both fantastic! And don't forget to get your rice pudding! Overall highly recommended!
5	Had a great experience here! Not really a fan of Indian food but this place changed my mind. Loved the recommended chicken tiki marsala and korma. Also their rice pudding was fantastic. In addition the staff is very welcoming and helpful. Overall 5 stars! I will definitely come back again!
5	My husband and I frequent Mt. Everest every date night. The food is perfectly delicious and they have plenty of vegetarian options for me. The service is always excellent, and the staff is invariably friendly and helpful when looking for a new dish to try. If you're looking for delicious and reasonably priced food, I highly commend Mt. Everest.
5	My favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas. Never had a bad meal. Lunch is a $10 buffet and it's ok. However dinner is were they shine.
5	Can not say enough good things about this restaurant.  Most other Indian restaurants charge $5 for basmati rice with your entree.  So chincy.  Mt. Everest gives you rice with the meal.  That easily makes it the best value in town.  Add to that the fact that they serve the best tasting Indian food in Vegas and this place is a no brainer.On several occasions I've brought Vegan friends here.  They're always super accommodating, even bringing naan specially made with no ghee.Mt. Everest rules!
5	So far I have tried seven different Indian Restaurants in town and this place is my favorite in all of Vegas.
5	Really good food, friendly staff.  The cheese naan and tikka masala are awesome.  I've been there several times now and will definitely go back. Small cozy room, good prices for the quality.
4	Good lunch buffet. Third day in Vegas and we started craving for Indian food. After reading the various yelp reviews we decided to go to Mount Everest and we were not disappointed. The restaurant was pretty busy. The spread was usual, not a great lot of variety, but enough to satisfy your Indian food craving. The good thing was that the food was pretty spicy and flavorful. Not bland at all. The naan bread was soft and just amazing. Except the palak paneer ( spinach and Indian cheese) I think everything was made to perfection. The carrot halwa ( carrot pudding) was good too. The yellow daal tasted homemade, just how my mom would make. The butter chicken and goat curry were good too. I always get excited when I see momos ( Nepalese Indian dumplings) on any menu. We ordered those with our buffet. But they were nothing close to what you get in India. However, a decent place to have Indian food in Vegas. And it is around 15 min by cab from the strip.
4	Good buffet! Samosas, pakoras and chicken curry were very good. Garlic naan and chai were a little disappointing. Overall for 10.99 it was a good meal.
5	This place is really awesome. I've been coming here for years but I think it only recently got better. Buffet is excellent. All the food is kept warm (really warm, not just lukewarm like so many buffets) and they have a good variety of veg and non-veg foods. There are usually a couple of dessert options, and a small salad bar, as well. They give naan for free, which is nice. The wait-staff is always very friendly and attentive, even during the busy lunch hour. The food is delicious. I've never had anything there which I didn't like. Very flavorful, and the spice level isn't so weak like most Indian restaurants who try to cater to the American palate. Highly recommended.
5	Very delicious food very friendly  attentive service. Highly recommend this place! I will be back!!
5	Went back after last being in Las Vegas a few years ago and discovering this place. I didn't remember the name so we just went to the one with the highest yelp ratings and we were so excited to see we had hit it!Great mango lassis, seems like everyone in the restaurant was drinking them! And the staff is very friendly! Food excellent. We wanted to come back the next day for the buffet but we had so much leftovers we made our own buffet in our room!
4	The food was delicious. We visited this restaurant first time for dinner and enjoyed the garlic naan, Paneer tikka Masala, samosa, veg biryani and mango lassi. Everything was tasty and prepared well. However, Masala chai was not prepared well and it felt like drinking plain milk. We visited again for lunch buffet and weren't disappointed this time as well. Options are comparatively less for vegetarians but again whatever was available was good. Naan could have been better. Would surely visit again when in Vegas. Good option for vegeterians.
5	Excellent food, fair prices! Only problem was the long lines out the door were letting in a draft! ;) portions were generous, tikka masala was wonderful.
3	It is a good place for an Indian lunch buffet. I did not find it very impressive since I enjoy south Indian food more than the north Indian food. Varieties are not much. There are a lot of curry varieties, but only with one kind of bread. I could have given it another star had they included another rice option in the buffet spread. The place was very crowded, but the staff managed the crowd well.
5	This was our first time to Mt Everest Indian Cuisine and we are SO happy we found this place on yelp. Every time we come to Vegas, we want to eat Indian food and now we have our go to place!!  The place doesn't look like much on the outside, but it is quaint and clean on the inside. When they were turning over our table, they even moved the table to clean the floor underneath!  I ordered a glass of Merlot which they filled to the rim!!  Got my money's worth!  For food we ordered the tandoori mixed platter ( a must!!!). We also ordered the chicken tikka masala (their signature dish) as well as the lamb vindaloo. Everything was cooked perfectly and was moist.  The garlic naan was warm and soft and delicious!  The owner came and checked on each table a few times and was such a pleasant and friendly guy!  We will definitely be back!!
4	we stopped here on 12/28 evening  after enjoying a day long in valley of Fire. It's located completely away from Strip, so pretty good spacious parking space available. Ordered Garlic Naan (Aweome ! sooperb), jeera rice (just too much of Jeera felt bit uncomfortable wile chewing), Mushroom masala and Paneer tikka masala along with Pakora - all prepared with perfect authentic propositions. Few of my friends tried Lamb Briyani and they said it was hard to bite. But on the whole we had a perfect diinner for our evening. Hall is very spacious and have very less  wait time is 1-4 mins.  -  Must try if you are in need to tasty good Indian food in LV
5	If you are looking for Indian food in Las Vegas, this is the place to go. The food was awesome.  We are vegetarians and there were lots of items to choose from. The service was exceptional (looking at the location and the appearance, it did not look special, but the food definitely was). There was no veg vindaloo available but the chef made it specially for us and it was superb (special thanks to them for making something so customized). Appetizers, sides, breads and rice were all excellent. The next time we are going to be in LV, this would be our to go place.
5	Awesome food, many varieties & best price. This might not looks like a great place from outside, but I loved the food. Best part was there were 15-20 dishes in lunch buffet & all were  really good.
5	This is the best Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas!!  It is my go to restaurant when I am craving Indian food.  The have a lunch buffet which is a great value for the large number of choices you get.  There are numerous vegetable and meat dishes.  The chicken makhani and chili chicken are my favorites.  The food is appropriately spicy and goes well with a Mango Lassi.  I have also eaten dinner here and taken dinner to go.  I enjoying having dinner here and have always enjoyed the food I have ordered.  There garlic naan is excellent and very garlicky.  Definitely try the Chicken Korma at dinner!  The owner is very friendly and always remembers me when I visit and says hello.  The service is very good as well.  You should definitely give this restaurant a try.
5	The service and atmosphere are great!! The Naan is delicious.. I had the chicken curry and it was excellent.. Definitely coming back!
5	Wonderful Indian food, great service and a most hospitable owner. We love the food and kind attentive service. Felt like a welcome guest and not simply a customer To start we had the Chau Chau Soup...absolutely delicious, not to be missed. Then we shared 3 vegetarian dishes, Vegetable Korma, Mutter Paneer, and Malai Kofta...all were delicious. We also had Chicken Makhani (butter chicken) that was outstanding. The hot Marsala Chai tea was so pleasant and warming.We're in from out of town on business, but always make room to stop here for a great meal.Thank you Mt. Everest!
5	In our group of family and friends, no one ever said no to the suggestion of going to Mount Everest for lunch.  We never minded the twenty-minute drive from Henderson for lunch or even dinner.  The staff are always very nice and attentive.  The food is always delicious and fresh.  There's no reason why you shouldn't give Mount Everest a try and make it your favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas!
5	Eat frenzy!The good thing about this restaurant is freshness. All food are freshly prepared. It is not like any other Indian food with huge amount of cream and spices. We had to return to this restaurant for second day on our three days trip. 5 star from me. You guys need to expand the area as hungry people have to wait in line smelling deliciousness, that is a real pain.
5	I knew from the first, crisp snap and aroma of the pappadums that  this was going to be a treat! Fresh, fresh, fresh.  Chili Pakora (3), Lamb Vindaloo (3), Palak Paneer (4), Bhindi Masalaa (5), Garlic Naan (4).  Service = 4.  Value = 5 (the serving sizes are ideal for sharing, or taking away for tomorrow's lunch!).  The vindaloo was a little disappointing as the flavor profile never showed up; it was also very tame for a vindaloo, especially when I asked for a 7/10 spice level.  The Bhindi, on the other hand, was perfect; this is the ONLY way I'll eat okra; it was tender and cooked just right, with the carmalized onion, fresh chopped tomato and spice mix = tremendous.
4	Ridiculously busy on NYE.  Crowded.  Decent turn-over.  Felt rushed when eating the buffet.  But food was exactly as I expected for an Indian buffet.I would return, but not on a busy day.
4	Great flavors, fresh, good variety, hole-in-the-wall size. Formal dining. Good service. Lots of vegetarian food. Quality ingredients (I found a cinnamon stick in the vegetable korma and it wasn't soggy!). Why doesn't it get a five star? Good question. I may come back and give it five, but my sample is kind of small to just blushingly blurt out a five. Gonna go back. Expect it to be crowded, with good reasons.
