4	I too stumbled across Pikolo by complete accident, but it wasn't open as it was late at night. I promised myself that I would venture back there in the morning for a little quality testing.I was not disappointed with my first visit. My latte was superb and it tasted so fresh...the owner whose name I'm not yet familiar with is extremely friendly and gracious...the chocolatines and other pastries are either made or baked on site. While delicious, the chocolatines were a bit too greasy for my taste. The space is cozy and well appointed, there is also a little mezzanine for upstairs seating, tables and bar stools by the window so you can watch passers by on Avenue du Parc.Pikolo is welcome addition to this charming and constantly evolving neighborhood!
4	I met someone here for coffee and we generally had a good experience (the coffees and oolong were good, and the chocolate croisant I ordered was amazing).  That being said, I'm not giving it a 5 star rating because my chai latte was straight up weird.  As in, it didn't taste like tea.  Actually it kinda tasted like the daffodil leaf that my brother dared me to eat when we were like 8.  Or the cactus milk we drank.  I can't decide (though it is remarkable that we didn't kill ourselves by eating so much shrubbery).Anyways, try the chocolate croisant.  But I would not recommend the chai.
5	Wow.  Character, style, substance (great coffee).   So cool, so good.
4	This city's coffee is off the wall. I mean it. What is special about Pikolo is the fact that the ambience feels like you stepped into NYC. A quiet, dreamy NY that is. The coffee is great and what is even more exciting is that they take and make their coffee seriously! If you enjoy Cafe Myriade, Saint Henri Micro-Torrifactor then you will not be disappointed! I can pretty much guarantee this!.
5	For the week that I am staying in Montreal, this is my local coffee shop and I feel that I really lucked out. It's also the only place of its kind in the area as far as I could tell. The coffee is stellar, the vibe is cool, the pastries are delicious, and it's conveniently located up the street from the metro. The staff is friendly, bilingual, and has great taste in music. This place is a total win in my book.
5	This place easily ranks with the best coffee in Montreal. I really like the blend here, and they serve it just the way it should be. If you're after some "tall" crap (ie. from Starbucks, etc) then stay away from here, and from me too. I gather from the other reviews that the owner spent time in Australia, so it's all starting to make sense now.All the pastries look great. I've tried the chocolate blueberry scone and will get it again next time I see it - they seem to vary daily, and most of them look made on site.The ambience is nice. There's not a huge amount of space (which isn't as negative for a cafe), and it does have a cool mezzanine level. Definitely a place you could come with a laptop and get some work done.
5	Definitely one of my Top 3 coffeeshops in Montreal, and the one I frequent most. Like other good places, the menu is no nonsense because they focus on good espressos and derived drinks, but they can probably make anything you ask.The staff is bilingual, no CC just debit $5 min, all drinks can be served cold, there's free WiFi, and of course having the cutest barista in Mtl doesn't hurt either.I love the Pikolo Latte and the Gibraltar, the banana bread is a must too!! I think they serve yogurt with homemade jam too, not on the menu. If you're a regular ask for a frequent customer card.
5	awesome coffee. very nice cafe. free fast wifi. great service. quite busy and a little cramped inside, but highly recommended!
5	Pikolo Espresso Bar is a paradise for genuine espresso lovers. As soon as you walk in, you get a great whiff of its style and essence. The cafe's cool, young, and vibrant ambiance is made up within a perfect, cozy space to cuddle up in a corner with your laptop or catch up with a friend. They provide free and fast WiFi so you can get your work done efficiently while sipping on the greatest pick-me-up you will ever have. Pikolo does not serve food, but they do serve delectable baked goodies that seem to be made fresh and change on a regular basis.Their menu is focused on great espressos and the art of making a fantastic coffee. I always order their cappuccino, it is so good that it has changed my life and my expectations. It is the real deal. Moreover, the little designs that they so perfectly draw over your espresso absolutely blows my mind. My jaw dropped as I was watching the barista pour the steamed milk into the cup, effortlessly creating a beautiful tulip for me. The staff is bilingual, friendly, and so skilled that I am positive they could whip up any coffee to meet your needs.
3	After all the hype, really quite overrated. I wouldn't call the espresso "exceptional" in any way. Not bad, but nothing special either.  What is it with Mtl and sour espresso? Pastries I've tried have been pretty good. Nice ambiance, though a bit crowded. Rent is cheap in this city, you couldn't find more space?  Other reviewers are raving about the place as a destination for hanging out, but it's rare that you'll be able to actually find a seat and work, especially if you have more than 2 members in your party.  Staff is friendly but not really exceptional.  Perfectly acceptable, but certainly not the best in Mtl.  Keep looking guys.
5	Seriously good coffee place.  I had a Machiato and a double espresso.  Both were very good.  Espresso had good taste and great crema.  The barista properly double-tamped the puck an the result was great.This is a serious coffee place for people who are serious about coffee.
4	A fantastic place with top quality coffee. The staff was friendly and entertaining with a great atmosphere about the place.
5	Love the space and the coffee. The cool clean interior (including an awesome mezzanine overlooking the bar) goes right along with the friendly quality service. Never had a bad coffee here from espresso to shaken iced americano. Great baristas, great attention to detail serving up what could be compared to Australian/NZ style drinks. Also offering some tasty snacks, including gluten free brownies.
5	While we were visiting Montreal we had a hard time finding good coffee in the area. The coffee everywhere else wasn't necessarily bad, but I work for Mocha Joe's in Vermont, so I get to drink great coffee everyday.Pikolo was serving Phil & Sebastian and Heart coffee roasters, which is definitely good stuff, up there with Intelligentsia or Terroir. The espresso shots were single origin and we had Ethiopian Yurko. It was really bright up front and faded into a sort of cocoa as a finish. In my opinion the espresso isn't sour, it's acidic and when it comes to specialty coffee, that's a desirable characteristic. They also have a super nice Mirage espresso machine, weigh out the ground coffee for each shot and used naked portafilters so they (and you if you want to) can see the pour.The drip coffee was Guatemala La Esperanza. The only thing they didn't have that I wanted was a larger cup, they only serve one size for to go cups which I think was 12oz. That's usually what I drink but as we headed out of Montreal, I really wanted a larger cup for the road.The Barista's were super friendly, knowledgeable and happy to chat with me about coffee for a couple of minutes. We also tried a variety of their muffins and they are totally worth getting if you want a light snack or breakfast. Overall, awesome place that you should definitely check out if you love coffee as much as I do.
5	yum yum yum yum..Yuuuuuuuuuum!I am a trained barista. I worked at a cafe for 5 years so I am very picky about my coffee & tea choices. Pikolo is hands down the best cup of coffee I have had in years. I had a soy latte on my first visit and I had to work really hard not to go all Arsenio Hall "woot woot woot" up in that shop. On my second (and sadly last) visit, i had the iced peppermint tea which they steeped (loose tea) and iced - very proper like. Soo good. I will miss thee Pikolo! Please open up a shop in NYC!
5	Lived next door and came nearly every day to start my morning. Wonderful atmosphere, the absolute best coffee and the owner is great! Pretty reasonable/normal for a coffee as good as theirs, and their baked goods are a total treat. I always get their lattes, but their brewed coffee is good too, and their tea selection is great!
4	Everything about my experience here was perfect, except for one thing: the espresso.  I'll get to that in a moment. First, the positives. Mind-numbingly fresh and flaky croissant, perky and attentive help, hip and modern atmosphere, reasonable prices, and perfect location made this coffee bar a great choice.Unfortunately, the espresso is following the trend of so many hip, new wave, trendy coffee bars across North America, they're sour. Insanely and inappropriately sour. So much attention and detail is put into producing what is an overly sour shot. Either the coffee is too fresh or the temperatures are too low at the beginning of the pull, but it's just not the way espresso should be. Smoothed out by milk, the coffee stands up well, but as a single straight shot, not so much.If the espresso hadn't been a sour acid bomb, I would have easily given this place five stars.
5	first rate cappuccino- comparable to the bay area's best (blue bottle, four barrel).  a pleasant surprise.
5	Good lattes and coffee. Good people -- both baristas and the crowd. Good pastries. Great place to relax and get some studying done. Many McGill students seem to end up here, studying. Baked goods are tasty...Overall, this was a very enjoyable place to taste good-quality coffee and get some work done while seeing the locals live in Montreal. Wifi is somewhat slow, which can be an issue.
2	I can't give a complete review because I only tried their espresso, but let me just say that the double shot I ordered was a pretty terrible espresso for an 'espresso bar'. I may not be an espresso expert, but I'm pretty sure that they are not supposed supposed to be sour. What I had was definitely under-extracted, and could've been pulled a few extra seconds. Everything happened so fast that I didn't even see the grind, dose, tamp, and pull, so I'm not sure if something else could've been a problem.To their credit though, was that even in all its sourness, I could taste that the beans they used was amazing. Tons of character. They also have a great selection of direct trade beans.Other than that, the decor was cool, and the atmosphere was amazing. However, that sour espresso made me feel that it's all hype.
5	It's not easy to find a good espresso bar in downtown Montreal, but this one is really good! It's a cute place, and I tried the Pikolo latte, which was perfect
2	Sets the bar for bad service. Drinks forgotten and then wrong ones hastily delivered. Barista busy swatting flies and doesn't wash hands before going back to the espresso machine. More lost points for playing generic euro synth dance music. A bummer because try stock really good coffees and seem very popular.
2	I didn't like my mocha.  Buyer beware that they don't take credit cards.
4	Really great coffee bar serving coffee from some of the best roasters in North America (Phil & Sebastian - Calgary and Heart - Portland on the day I visited).  Their granola and yogurt was just what I needed, and the coffee was pulled by a good looking barista who really knew what he was doing.  Loved the look and feel of the space. If I lived in Montreal I would def hang out here.
5	Pikolo is a great alternative to the corporate coffee chains you find on Park Avenue. I often make a detour to go take an espresso there - it tastes amazing, a little sour like it's custom in Northern Italy. The only problem is that, well, the coffee shop is indeed small. I often need to consume my espresso standing. But I guess an always full coffee shop is better than an empty one.Continue your great job.
5	This half of a lovely high-ceilinged industrial-type building was renovated and turned into a darling little coffee shop that smells just like Italy and serves the best cappuccinos in the area.Mostly populated by what seem to be McGill students and some resident hipsters tapping away on their laptops, the space is not devoid of outlets, making it easy for you to plug in and get some work done on a rainy afternoon -- or, well, any other afternoon of the year.To come here in the morning and order something at the counter, listen to the tapping and whirring of their wonderful Mirage espresso machine, take in a whiff of the deliciously homey ground coffee beans, sit on a high stool at the window, and people-watch on Park Avenue, this place appeals to all the senses. Did I mention their great-tasting cappuccinos?
4	There are outlets and a nice loft w 4 tables.
4	Second best espresso pull of three coffee shops visited today (a compliment).  Very good quality and handling by the barista.  The London Fog was very good as well.  Staff was very personable and the music selection was great.  Free wi-fi enabled us to stay longer than expected and spend more money.  The downstairs can become a little tight because it stays busy, but it was never overwhelming.  Unisex bathrooms.  The woman behind the counter was friendly and charming to everyone.
5	Out of the three or four espresso/coffee bars I've been to in MTL, this one is by farmy favourite.For some reason, I liked it best. The espresso based drink I had was very good, and my friends enjoyed theirs.Backstory: I was in town for the weekend, visiting a West Coast friend who was in for a conference. I was referred to this spot by a local roaster, so I went. After that I dragged my friend over, since it was only a block from his hotel.Following our experience, I stopped here a few times, and my friend took all of his conference mates as well, and they all raved about it.The treats looked good, and the staff was nice. But most important: the coffee hit the spot.
5	Coffee so good, you'll just want it black.  The vegan blueberry and lemon bisquit (cookie) was also quite yummy, moist and flavorful.
4	Pikolo Espresso Bar is THE one!The best espresso drink we had for our weekend in Montreal as we looks for a good cup of espresso.Cappuccino ($3.48) & Gibraltar ($3.04) both nicely done. My first time ever tried Gibraltar which is a double shot of espresso with just a touch of milk. The drink was strong and really gave me the boost I needed! The cappuccino was strong but yet mellowed by the nicely foamed milk.Pikolo has this really laid back vibe. Free wifi and tons of outlets. High ceiling and with a lot of windows letting natural light in!I can stay here and sip on my coffee for a long timeeeeeeeeeeeeee..............
5	Pikolo is infamous in Montreal for its coffee and atmosphere. It's got a huge selection of yummy coffee, made from freshly ground coffee beans. Pikolo has got cool beans, indeed. As you enter the shop you are greeted with a hanging drape. The drape alludes to the chilled atmosphere inside, compelling you to drop everything and just hang out for a while.It usually fills up with students on weekdays. You can see a lot of them typing away on their Macs in the back throughout the day. Plenty of gorgeous women, which some can consider as part of the decor ;)Staff was awesome - friendly and chilled.
3	I tried an Americano, and I found it too sweet. My BF really enjoyed his, but the particular beans they use are not pleasing to my palate. I've experienced this with many high rated coffee shops, and end up disappointed.We also tried a lemon poppy seed scone and a croissant. Both were quite tasty!The staff are very friendly, and the decor is awesome. I just wish the coffee tasted stronger and fuller.
5	This is quite simply a genuine 5-star world class purveyor of coffee. The greatness at Pikolo starts with the owner who is REAL coffee person; meaning she goes to great lengths to ensure the integrity of the people, equipment, processes, and ingredients to provide a consistent level of excellence that is lacking in soooooo many places we carelessly slap with the label of greatness due to having been randomly blessed by the "Hit" portion of the hit or miss equation.  Superb, freshly roasted beans are always on hand with a generous assortment available for take home as well.  Baked goods are also top class with vegan and gluten free offerings typically on the menu.  All of this goodness is delivered in a very laid-back environment without the double-shots of hipster pretentiousness that can (and do) spoil some of the other great coffee houses in the city (and everywhere)  Convenient to the hotels on Sherbrooke if you're a tourist / business visitor.  If you're a student and haven't found this place then you should just give up and go to school in another city.
5	Man, this has become my HAVEN in Montreal!!!  I've tried most of the so called coffee shops around Downtown Montreal...,and this shop out does them by a LONG shot!!!  I only wish I could bring you back to Dallas, Texas where I'm from.  AWESOME place!!!  :)
5	Easily top 10 in MTL.  Everything about this place screams awesomeness!  The only issue is seating but it kind of adds to it's value... Something about the law of scarcity I believe.
5	Shut up and take my money.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
2	Walked a mile and a half in pouring rain from my hostel to get what looked to be the best coffee in the area (according to Yelp). Well, this ain't it. Or, at least, I hope it's not.I agree with every other assessment of the sourness. My first drink, a macchiato, was just straight up face-puckering. My second, a cold brew, was more palatable due to the ice watering and mellowing the brew a bit, but still definitely with the sour. Finally, I decided I'd just get a cup of the house coffee, and man, once the temp went into lukewarm territory, I couldn't finish it.It's a shame, because the space is great. The music, while I was there, was eclectic and not overbearing. The staff was helpful and friendly... just, wow, terrible tasting coffee.For the record, I've found this to hold true: if the beans on display are lighter and look to be dry, not oily, then you can bet on the brew being this type of sour/bitter.
5	While on my travels I have found it can be very difficult at times to find decent coffee because everyone has their own idea of what makes a good coffee (I still don't get people who can happily down a Starbucks coffee at the insane prices they charge for it)If you like great service, properly trained barista staff who know how to do proper espresso shots and steam/texture their milk the way it should always be done...Pikolo is the place for you!I had a great tasting cappuccino and the staff were pleasant and friendly. Perfect!
3	After reading most of the reviews and realizing that it is minutes from my parents; Sunday I went with my aunt; we had a cold brew, a mochaccino and quinoa cranberry muffin.Service was friendly and quick and the coffee was okay, texture of the muffin novel to us.This is really a student hangout; despite enjoying the people watching at the window, neither of us felt in our element; for this reason I wouldn't go back.
5	Cute little coffee shop with great coffee and chocolate croissants. Good place for people watching.
4	This is a great little joint that coffee snobs will appreciate.The shop itself has a cozy, comfortable space. You're first greeted by a its distinctive green mouldings on the front windows, with a classy art-deco appeal, and you know this is not your faceless Starbucks or Second Cup. There's not a whole lot of room here to sprawl out and set up an all-day workspace (you know who you are), but for a hole in the wall it has good light and charming atmosphere. If you don't see a spot at first, check upstairs, where there are a few extra tables that you might not notice upon first glance. The coffee is nice. The baristas know their stuff, and the result is beautifully foamed milk and espresso pulled just to your liking. They also have a delicious cold brew, which seems to be something of a specialty item around here. The blueberry-lemon scone had just the right mix of crumbly, squishy, tart and sweet. I'll be back.
5	The best espressos in town ! I love their small shop and the staff is amazing.
4	Pikolo. As the name suggests this is a tiny place. + Consistent coffee, I always take the Americano. It's good. However their espresso tend to be almost on the bitter side. Good cold brew. I wish they didn't fill half of the cup with ice, but hey. If you are getting it, it must be hot outside anyways.+ wifi with no problem+ chic people around. You feel good :)+ tasty treats. + gluten free/ vegan friendly. - tiny tiny tables (downstairs). It's ok to read something, but working with a laptop? Forget about it. Unless you sit under the stairs, then you have no light plus the ceiling is kinda low. If you like to study in the spacious places this is not your cafe. Go to Kitsune. - quite large tables upstairs. But you again don't feel spacious.All in all, good place to+meet with a friend +read a magazine or an articleNot good for studying, unless you are an absolute minimalist.
5	Beautiful little space, a great addition to the neighbourhood! I had driven, walked and bused by many a time without stopping in, and it took running into a coworker who was on her way there to finally convince me to stop. And am I glad that it all worked, because that was one enjoyable coffee. In a pretty space. Made by competent people. At a reasonable price. Add it all up: good stuff!
5	Love this cute little coffee shop near McGill. It also means you will have no problem with English and nobody would think of you differently if you don't speak French. Hooray. They use Westcoast beans and the familiar 49th parallel is brewed here among other roasters in the coast. It's so cute and fun to just people watch while seated on a stool. Fairly small seating area though.
1	These clowns don't take credit cards. I walked out...
4	This is my favourite cafe in the city. It's a cozy spot with a great relaxed vibe and awesome decor. Staff is really warm and welcoming. The coffee and espresso is fantastic. What more could you ask for? :)
5	For a place to go on a small date and have a coffee, it's pretty much perfect. i try to stay away from Starbucks and TimHorten  as much as I can and that is a good resort.
5	Thus is not only a great espresso bar in Montreal it's probably one of the best I've been to ever -- great espresso drinks and the best, fluffiest peach scone I believe is on the planet! A definite stop
5	Excellent latte. Great service.
3	I had discovered this place online before coming to Montreal and it was also recommended to me by a friend. Needless to say, I was excited to try the coffee at Pikolo! In the end, I was a bit disappointed. My macchiato was alright, though did not live up to the hype. Good for a coffee if you're in the area, though not worth a special trip.
4	Visited Montreal from Ontario and Pikolo came highly recommended. We loved the atmosphere (cafe with neighborhood personality), friendly staff, great breakfast pastries and scones and great coffee. Clearly a winner for Montreal!
4	After hearing so many good things about Pikolo I had to try it out and it did not let me down!  The coffee here is excellent and they always do a little foam art in your coffee which is a nice little touch.  I get the latte usually which always hits the spot.  Their baked goods are also worth trying.  I've only ever had the brownie but it was a mighty good one!Just note that the cafe is kind of small so seating can be hard to come by especially when it's exam time at McGill.  The cafe is located in the heart of the McGill Ghetto so it's a popular study spot.  Don't let this discourage you from checking it out though.  It's definitely a great coffee shop.
4	Good coffee, busy ambiance.
4	"Pikolo's is where ya go if you're a coffee snob like me."  That's what our friend said to us as we woke up and got ready to explore Montreal.   With this comment in mind, we trekked to the itty-bitty coffee shop and stood in line, engulfed in the heavenly aroma of java and brews.  I ended up choosing the Chai Tea Latte and it's the best cup I've ever tasted.  Would definitely return the next time I am in Montreal.  Space is really cramped and there is no way to avoid bumping into others.  That really stinks when you're standing in line for 15 minutes.  Also, Pikolo accepts American dollars and gives you Canadian back, no foreign transaction fees here!
4	Cute coffee place, this place can get a bit crowded.   Try looking upstairs for table.  You might have your luck in finding a table. They have brew tea as well that are served in this cast iron tea pot.  We ordered a latte and a drip brew coffee.    Both coffee pretty Good.  Would come back again to try out other items on the menu.
5	Best coffee I've ever had.  PERIOD.  Best cafe mocha I've ever had.  Cool interior space with plenty of places to sit, chat, or study.  Friendly baristas.  I'd move to Montreal just to be near Pikolo.
5	What can I say that's not repeating the other reviews? I love this place!! And I'm so glad I found it on my trip to Montreal! The place is small but cozy and hip. The staff are friendly, welcoming, and fun to talk to. The scones are outta this world good. I mean it. I got the roasted veg scone and it was SOOOO GOOOD!!!! And the latte is top notch delicious. I can't think of anything I'd change about this place. Prices are fair for the quality. Large latte about $3.50. My verdict is,  you should go.
5	So glad we made the trek out here despite the snow. awesome awesome awesome savory muffins, great chai and lattes, and best of all, the yogurt! So good.
5	If you're downtown near McGill then this is the place to get a latte.
5	Best coffee and croissants in town and great service. My absolute fave coffee place, I just wish it was bigger. It's really small inside.
5	I would never come here with someone else 'cause it's so goddamn hard to find spots for 2 or more. But that can never deter me away from this cafe. The pastries look delicious, all of them, and very homemade. I would say the prices are fair. And the latte here is the best latte I have EVER tasted. The right amount of creaminess, oh my. I had to pay $3.75 for a small sized latte and when I saw that the card machine required at least a minimum purchase of $5 I was a tad worried 'cause I only had debit on me. But the barista still put my card in. And I was like "Sweeeeeet!" I got to sit by the window, luckily. And the view was awesome. My legs also got to rest on the heater that was right under the high table. And though the place was crowded, it was not too loud.
5	First cafe in Montreal. Early ih the morning, sip a polo latte. What  a day !!!!!! The decor is excellent
3	got a cappuccino on a rainy weekend and the flavor was slightly bitter, but not bad. the small cafe reminds me of so many in nyc except that it was not jam-packed. on the other hand, i am not sure this is all that great of coffee place. my friend and i drank our drinks but perhaps it is that we are used to a lot better (blue bottle, joes, etc. in nyc?). not bad, but nothing to write home about. would i order a drink again? sure, after all, caffeine is necessary to pump into my blood stream.
5	We ordered a cappucino, and cold brew, both were delicious. we sat in the window to watch people walking by.  Friendly service for us non-French speakers. Be sure to stop by the AMAZING paper store next door!!!
5	Ordered an ice soy latte. It was definitely the best coffee I've had since arriving in the States/Canada. I will definitely be coming back!
5	As far as coffee goes, this is the perfect cup regardless of whether you prefer espresso or cappuccino or something in between (gibraltar, latte, etc.).  Their bakery is also amazing. The croissants are buttery and fluffy and their apple turnover is simply stunning.
5	Came back again ! Definitely the best coffee place in Montreal. Oh and the baristas are cute too! Even though the iced soy latte was $5.70 it was definitely worth it ! Definitely on par with the coffee culture in Sydney Australia !
5	This place is just not fair. Such a  flavorful Americano. How am I supposed to pick between here and Kitsume? Nice people work here, too. They also suffer from lack of comfortable seating but perhaps it's by design. I wish every cup of coffee was as good as Pikolo's.
5	Whoops never been here. Didn't mean to write a review. Need to figure out how to delete!
4	I was looking for a place to get some espresso. This was a couple of blocks from my hotel. It has a cool vibe and they know their beans.  The espresso was evenly and cleanly pulled and had a flavorful depth of flavor. A great place that I recommend.
5	This place... is... espresso utopia. The aesthetics of the place is breathtakingly beautiful, their latte art is time and time again flawless, their staff are coffee geniuses, and every shot I saw poured looked beautiful.As a barista, I'm a bit of a snob about my coffee/espresso. Get your names right, get your consistency right, and if you have an auto-pulling espresso machine, I will be so disappointed.If you're a Dunkin Donuts/Tim Hortons, lotsa-cream-and-sugar kind of fool, get out of here. You can't appreciate all the effort that this place puts in. If you want an education on how classy coffee can actually be, come in. Make it a point, if visiting Montreal, to stop here-- even if it's a hike up that hill.
5	One of my favourite places to get a latte.This place is tiny so I usually end up getting my coffee to go. I normally indulge in the latte so I cannot comment about the other genre's of coffee. The staff prepares my delicious drink so I trust them to prepare your cup to your liking.
5	Visited from San Francisco and felt quite at home in this narrow little cafe. Espresso bright but balanced. The baristas were knowledgable and attractive. I got several excellent food recommendations out of them and some regulars. This cafe makes me feel like I could move to Montreal and everything would be alright.
5	This is a favourite cafe in Montreal. The coffee is fantastic, and very well made. The selection of pastries is remarkable with both sweet and savoury options (thank you). And finally the small, narrow space creates a warm sense of place. Lovely place to spend 30 min taking a break from the day.
4	I was just a blow into Montreal for a few days, so tried to find the best coffee places. Americans was good, had everything you might want to adjust it (milk, cream, cold water, honey or sugar) etc. Coffee itself was quite good, think it was a Brazilian bean they'd recently roasted.Recommended, though a tad more expensive ($3) than other speciality coffee houses and not sure the quality difference is there. Lovely decor, nice upstairs seating area. :) will be back next time.
5	I visited Montreal for the first time and tried this cafe. In my opinion, the cappuccino was as great as the best ones in Manhattan. The cupcake was better than those in US though; much less sweet and it had a herb which was totally new to me. Awesome!
5	I had a latte and a cookie to-go here earlier today, very quick service and the place had a cool vibe. The coffee was excellent, the barista was friendly, and it's located right around the corner from my hotel. I'll definitely be back before I leave Montreal this weekend. Highly recommended.
2	Oh well... Professional coffee brewing with Brooklyn-grade mannerisms and paraphernalia, aging skaters, asymmetric haircuts,, tired tattoos, 'creative' gents with dreamy eyes and sticker-laden MacBooks, various combinations of wheat-flour, sugar and fat with fancy names such as Vegan Bombe d'Energie, along with a few gluten-free options for the modern-day neurotic... You get the picture.On the + side, their straight iced coffee is decent, which is extremely rare--on Earth. Noise level is comfortable. Music is tasteful. Natural light aplenty.
5	This place is good for a drink and a sweet bite to eat. I had the cold brew and a chocolate croissant. Both delicious. These folks know what they're doing.
2	Decent atmosphere, free wifi, friendly staff. But the iced coffee tasted like water. The cookie was delicious though!
3	Cute and convenient. Friendly service. Not sure about the hype. Croissant and espresso were just okay.
3	Wanted to like this place so badly with all those positive reviews out there, but we were not impressed with the cappuccino we got. Nothing special and for $4+, I've had better ones elsewhere. Tiny little place, super warm without AC in 70+ degree weather....not sure what the hype is about...
3	I've had better. The rumor mill around this place seduces you, then you get there and you have a taste and you're like what the hell was the hype about? Yeah, it is good coffee. The product is nice. But seriously, nothing to freak out about. It is your standard independent coffee shop that makes an espresso you'll be glad to drink. I won't go out of my way for it but when I'm around the location, I'm glad its there. A solid good choice.
5	As a coffee addict, I find my fix at Pikolo. I stop by almost daily for a latte, cappuccino, americano or filtered coffee. Types of coffee beans are changed daily and keep me from getting bored of the same flavors. The vibe is cozy and welcoming, and customers are loyal. Can get busy at times, but quality of drinks, food and service is never compromised. Prices on the board are reasonably prices and include tax, so no surprises there. I'm slightly disappointed they no longer offer their loyalty card, a free cup after every 9; but, coffee is too good to question another cafe. You can't go wrong with any of their drinks and if you see cookies on the counter, splurge, don't even think about splitting with a friend. You won't regret coming to Pikolo!
4	Easy chilling bar. Went for early coffee and small breakfast. Americano was fantastic. Great way to start the day! And the yoghurt with rhubarb compote and granola - yammy!Could easily chill and relax, read newspapers, listen to music and watch people coming and going. (It was quite busy from 8-9am!)I like the industrial but cozy feeling. Definately worth checking out - not least because of the coffee!
5	Talk about passion, love, quality, and care.Let's start with the line, which normally it's a good sign of coffee shop. Very small shop and unique.They have a really good cappuccino, perfectly hand crafted, when it's ready for you to take your first sip. The temperature, foam consistency, aroma, and the roast--all perfect!!Highly recommended, if you want really good cup of cappuccino, this is the place!
5	Brewed to perfection - is the only way I have to describe the coffee at Pikolo Espresso Bar. I read the positive reviews and went to try the little coffee shop for myself; an Americano for my husband and a Latte for me, both excellent! The space, featuring high ceilings as well as a second floor, is on the narrow side, however the daylight gives the locale a certain feeling of grandeur. On all occasions I visited the espresso bar, the staff was very courteous and the wait time very reasonable, on the quick side. The Latte itself was creamier than usual, and blended perfectly with the espresso. I definitely recommend!
5	Best espresso. Was a great stop in the morning for some caffeine and to warm up. Very kind service too. Don't forget to ask for coffee art!
5	Love love this place. I have been here so many time i can't recall. Frist time was with my boyfriend. Tend to be a bit crowded some time. The service is always quick and they make super good coffee and the cakes/muffin/tart are always so good. I always look forward on trying new dessert.
4	Pikolo coffee is good no doubt, quick morning service, great location during summer ...you can seat outside enjoy the sun and parc ave, friendly service and affordable
5	This is the best coffee in the world. The place is super nice, beautiful atmosphere.
5	Traveled from Montreal over the weekend and must say. I wish the coffee was as good. The place is hip and amazing. Cant wait to come back! The owner was really nice as well. Thank You :)
5	Best coffee in Montreal. Period.I've been here multiple times and each time I'm more and more impressed. I love the lattes in winter time, and cold pressed coffee in the summer. I've also had the opportunity to take home coffee grounds and enjoy coffee in the comfort of my home. I have to say, I enjoy my latte and cold pressed coffee more than what I make at home, but I guess that just keeps me coming back. The scones are literally the best scones I've ever had- they change them daily. The most memorable one I had was with sweet potato, walnuts, and some type of cheese. It was incredible. The staff is also really friendly and make sure to put a smile on your face while ordering and waiting for your drink.Just writing this review makes me want to go back! Highly recommended.
5	Very good third wave coffee shop and really friendly staff.  We stopped here many times during our stay in Montreal.  Put this place on your list.
5	Great coffee, great ambiance, decent music not too loud. It met my expectations for a cold day like today. Had an Americano and the place was cozy and great to chill for an afternoon. My friends had cappuccino, nice design on the top. It just missed a nice chocolatin or cake or muffin on the side which they probably ran out of.
5	Absolutely fantastic coffee. Tasty tasty tasty espresso, perfectly frothed and poured lattes. The best coffee I had in Quebec and I would say equivalent if not better than Stumptown stateside. Service was fast and unpretentious. You can tell these guys love what they do. When I come out to Montreal again I'll be sure to drop by again.
4	Very good coffee! The service is good. The place has personality and a good amount of seats if you want to enjoy your coffee right there. They have good baked goods as well.
5	Came here with a friend. I had an americano while my friend had a moka. The moka is absolutely to die for. Great coffee coupled with rich chocolate while balancing the sweetness just right. My americano was also great, not overly sour just the way I like them.The experience wouldn't have been the same without the croissant which are in my recollection some of the best I've had (or perhaps blame the hungry tummy). Melts in your mouth with rich buttery flavour and an awesome crunch. I would come back here for the croissant alone in a heartbeat. Do keep in mind other food offerings are quite limited so not the place to go if you feel going gastronomic with your coffee.The place is small, great atmosphere and was quite crowded the time I visited (early Saturday morning).
