4	Great atomsphere and large inside with multiple pool tables, huge dance floor and private tables.  I went here with a group of friends on a Thursday night and it was surprisingly packed.  The hot bartenders pour strong drinks on the cheap and the crowd was fun to hang out with.  Probably one of the better gay bars in Vegas.
4	Wednesday is Beer Bust night and although I had no idea how it works when I went in, I do know that it's an excellent deal on getting your buzz on in a totally non-pretentiouis environment.  It seemed to be a mixed crowd (well, mixed as in gay and bi - I think I may have been one of the few straight ones), but it doesn't really matter...  If you wanna get away from the ridiculous-ness of the strip and casino's this is a great escape and an easy spot to catch a very economical buzz!
4	This is the first gay bar I ever went to and the one that holds the biggest spot in my heart.  The service is always totally quick and the drinks reasonably priced.  (Except for the test tube shots, but people should know never to get those anyway.)  I love the tables along one wall to sit and chill in, the dance floor with the poles, and all the funky pool tables.  The bathrooms are crowded and uncomfortable all the time, but the place is usually hoppin'.  There's a back room with a stage where my best friend was once accidentally slapped across the face by a drag queen Madonna.Love the Free Zone.  Love it to bitses.
4	As my brother would say, you have to "judge a place by its own standards". I am not part of the target demographic for this bar, as I am straight female. Anyway, I went with some friends of mine, one of which was a lesbian and I had a great time. Their was a great mix of people,gay, bi, and a few straight folks like myself.  The service is quick and reasonable price. Even though, I naturally felt out of the place, the dj was good and I had a  good time. So I recommend the free zone because its a good place to hangout with friends.
3	I've been here twice for their Tuesday Ladies night. Although this place doesn't look like much it's actually a pretty fun place. The drinks were strong and cheap which I love. The crowd is pretty cool. No one is in there acting like they're to cute to dance. Everyone was out to have a good time. The DJ was really good...he played all the hits. There was also a wet t-shirt contest (which I always find amusing). There are go go dancers too. They were pretty good and fun to watch although one of them was trying to climb the pole and she fell on her butt. I gave her a dollar anyway :-) A for effort!
3	This is my favorite gay dive bar in Las Vegas... no matter what, and how long I have been gone I will run into someone I know here each time I head out (usually once a year when Im home for Christmas)... love it...
2	I like Free Zone, I've been there a few times when I visit Vegas.  This review is based on the most recent visit.DJ- sucked ass...minus 3 starts right off the bat.  Umm, yes this is a dance club (hence the huge ass dance floor in the middle of the place) right?  Ok, just checking.  We were there Sat night after the Madonna concert and the DJ couldn't get his groove on.  S/He would cut off a song after just a minute or two of playing...WTF?... horrible.  I thought to myself that they would have been better off putting the radio to THE PARTY 93.1FM (ok, not totally sure on the freq.).   To his/her credit, the hip hop was fine when we first got there but I think the crack/X/Tina/something kicked in and it quickly went to hell in a handbasket....it went from hip-hop, to WeHo tweaker, to Top 40 back to fuckin' horrible.Seriously bro, put a little effort on the playlist and it would have worked out a-ok.  We almost went to the Buffalo across the street, we felt with their juke box they'd have better music...seriously.  It was that bad. On the plus side:  crowd and vibe are cool.
2	I went to the free zone with my girlfriend for a drag show. The drag show was not bad, but the bartenders gave me nasty looks. I would have stayed if I felt welcome but I did not. It was sad because i was hoping for a good time.
3	My friend brought me here after drinking at Red Rock Casino.  I had a great time. How can you miss with no cover charge and cheap drinks. I was waiting for them to call last call and I forgot I was in Vegas.  The crowd was mix and seemed really friendly.  Would definitely go back here when I am in town.
3	We went on Thursday night and it was dead, however - great music, pool tables, and a stripper pole in the middle of the dancefloor = good times & great memories.  Side effect is a hangover so be careful!  Drinks are on the cheaper side and the bartendar was super nice.
4	Not bad at all.... people go here.  The only real place to hang on the Fruitloop.
5	I had the most amazing time here the other night with my little group of 3.  I will just compile a list of the things that I really really loved about this place: no cover on a Friday night, really great music all night long, no scary sketchy people, really cheap drinks and shots, friendly bartenders and staff, and where straight girls can get hit on and get a girlfriend for the night, while experiencing their first lesbian kiss!  Oh man, to quote my straight friend, "ONLY AT THE FREE ZONE!"
4	It's not as glitzy and modern as Piranha is, but the drink specials here are hard to beat. By buying a shot, you get a beer bust till 2 am. That's all the beer you can drink until 2 am! On certain nights, they do the same deal but with liquor. It's a great way to spend your money without overpaying for drinks. The place is your usual gay, seedy club. There's a big dance floor located in the middle with a random stripper pole in the middle of the dance floor. The music could be better, but that all depends on what DJ you get. If you like to play pool and slot machines, there's quite a few scattered around for your enjoyment. All in all, a great place to dance it up with your friends. But if you're looking for eye candy, cross the street to Piranha, cause this place left much to be desired in the cutie dept.
1	This place freaking sucked. Piranha was way, way better. I felt like this place was a lesbian bar or something. Reminded me more of a dive bar then a club. Yes there are people dancing on the floor but there's also pool tables. They didn't charge me (out of state) a cover but I still wouldn't go back here.
4	I had so much fun! The drag show was great, drinks even better.
1	My friends and I have been going to this place for years. They have a beer bust on Friday nights and thats what we do.Last night,  we were standing around talking and laughing and one of the shot guys comes by, offers us some shots, and we say "no thanks". The shot guy walks away and we start talking and laughing again. He comes back and asks if we were laughing at him. We looked at him like "are you serious?" and he calls my friend a faggot. He then calls over security to have us kicked out for apparently being rude .We tell the security guy what happened. The security guy apologizes and then calls over the manager (the owner's son?).  I'm telling this guy this is not a place for his obvious straight employee (or any other employee) to be using that kind of language. The manager tells us his shot guy has never had anything like this happen in the 8 months he'd been working there. My friend tells the manager  we'll file a complaint with the Pride Committee. And then- we were 86'd!! (KICKED OUT!) Moral of the story- It's bad that there's enough places in Vegas to be called a faggot. Didn't think it would be acceptable at Freezone- a gay bar- in the Fruit Loop!
4	I recently moved from L.A...so I don't know too many gay spots yet..but u can't beat the no cover charge and cheap drinks!
2	I visited Free Zone while out West for a teacher's conference.  I went twice during the week of the Fourth.  It's an alright place to visit for a quick beer.  Better for the ladies than for guys.  Not too welcoming of out-of-towners or -- as I experienced with one gentlemen -- foreign visitors.  Las Vegas is lacking a bit in the gay scene but this place is always open.  Bartenders arent all so friendly but the drink prices are alright.
4	Free Zone was my first gay bar experience in Las Vegas and I have to say it was fantastic. I also have to say I was extremely drunk and may or may not have played pharmaceutical candy land before coming here, but I swear it was pretty cool. Dance floor, cheap drinks and lots of homos having a great time. Finally, a place in Vegas where I can let my freak flag fly!
4	A place for trouble every time I'm in Vegas.
1	yuck... this place was disgustingly dirty. and 5 bucks for a beer or 7 for a mixed drink... no thanks
4	This was my second time at this gay club and I have to say it was better than last time. Had a lot of fun with all of my friends. Was soooo glad it was beer bust...that made my night!! So it was a drunken happy time for all of us. And yes we were all pretty much Vegas sick the next day, especially me!! :(I don't remember much of the night but the pics seem to indicate that I was being wayyy too friendly w/ the shot guys....ugh ok guess what happens in Vegas stays on Yelp reviews...LOLDon't expect a swanky club..this is a dive bar-ish club that only takes cash! Which is the only reason why it doesn't get 5 stars, because they don't get w/ the 21st century and get a credit card system.
1	I wish I could give this bar a negative rating. I am from LA and I have been to this bar twice. I wasn't expecting lights, bells, and whistles, just wanted a place to hang out while in the city. Both times the security was overly aggressive and rude. From the moment you walk in they insist you buy a overly priced, badly made drink or leave. Wtf is that? Once I saw a large male security guard close handedly hit a very small female patron for yelling at him for forcing her to buy a drink. The security guard had to be restrained by his own co workers. On my way out I overheard the owner tell the security guard, Good Job. Horrible, dirty, smoke filled, nasty smelling place. DO NOT GO HERE!
3	The beer bust and cheap drinks are the best deals in town. Not to mention there is no cover charge, and the guy servers with the tube shots are smoking hot! I always end up having a great time here, and the dance floor has a pole smack in the middle, so there's bound to be some crazy dancing going on every time! The reason why I gave it 3 stars (even though it is a 4 star place!) is because I think this place does need a little bit of renovation to it, inside and out. I wish the parking in this area was better too, since on the busy nights it's mobbed.The only thing is I agree with some other reviewers, the music could be updated to more mainstream/recent hits, otherwise this place is a blast!
3	this place is okay. i didn't really care for the music or the atmosphere, but the drag show was good enough to earn it an extra star.
2	Pretty disappointing, but maybe half a dozen straight guys reluctantly dragged there for the drag show is not their targrt market.Last time I was in Vegas - about 10 years ago - our group went to see a big Drag Show that was at the Rio, we had a great time. This time, I wanted the same experience and I thoigh this was the place we went to 10 years ago. It was not.We got there an hour before the show began, there was no-one there, the bouncer got a bit stroppy with us, so we hung around for a little bit and then decided nope, not for us, we're off....if we had shown up later in the evening it might have had a different vibe and the end result might have been better. Ah well.
1	I've been coming here sporadically since I turned 21 4 years ago and can't say I've ever been completely impressed with the place, but the early (9PM) drag shows on Friday and Saturday are a nice alternative if you want to go out for a few drinks and entertainment but have to be up early the next day.The past few times we've been there have just been terrible.  I must say, my boyfriend and I like to gamble for drinks.  We're not jerks about it, but if I put $20 in a machine, I generally expect to get at least 1 free drink.  The last time we were in it took at least 10 minutes to get a bartender to come over to serve us (on a slow night when he was just wandering around doing nothing).  In that time, my boyfriend had lost probably $10 of his $20 that he put in.  By the time we ordered our drinks, the bartender immediately informed us that he could comp our drinks if we played 5 credits (they ALWAYS make it a point to tell you that).  Ok, I understand that, but more often than not I'd rather lose my money slowly and enjoy the entertainment instead of losing it all in 2 minutes, so I don't mind paying for the beer.  However, my boyfriend was playing 5 credits, won a little and made it back up to $30, lost $10 again and decided to cash out at $20 where he started.  This is after at least 20 minutes of playing.  The bartender told us that "It doesn't work that way" and "you can't just put in $20 and then cash out $20 and expect a comped drink".  Apparently the only way to get a comped drink is to LOSE all your money...Besides that, the drag show brings in great guest performers but the regular cast is pretty terrible, ESPECIALLY the host Shawn M.  The music isn't terrible and the drinks are cheap, but I wouldn't go if you're not into being treated like dirt by the staff.  Pretty much any other option in the Fruit Loop is better than this hell hole.  We will never be back.
3	FREEZONE is the premier alternative nightclub for tourists and locals of Las Vegas.My girl Nadia introduced me to Freezone a few years back. Every once and awhile we get in the mood to go for drinking and dancing, and the drag show which is loads of fun!My group of lady friends, we only go on Tuesday's and Saturday'sThe liquor bust "lick her bust" is a cool deal for drinks.Tuesday is Ladies Night!Beer Bust & Lick Her Bust 8pm-1amWomen Go-Go Dancers1st Tuesday Pole Dancing Competition!2nd Tuesday of Month-Wet T-Shirt Contest!3rd Tuesday Beer Pong Contest! 4th Tuesday Best Bra Contest!Happy Hour 4-8pm - $1 Well or Draft!Beer Bust 8pm-1amSaturday's"Queens of Las Vegas"Longest running drag show in Las VegasBegins at 10pmHappy Hour 4pm-8pm - $1 Well or Draft!Saturday 4pm-8pm Beer BustSmall, dark and intimate.
3	I do not go out too often and it has been quite some time since I have visited Free Zone. When they are bustling, it is crazy fun. The shot guys are friendly and come around often. The music consists of crowd favorite dance tunes and overran by divas. The drinks are cheaper than other places within walking distance. Yet when it is slow, it can be a real drag. For being a 24 hour spot, they do not offer the level of entertainment of other around the clock bars. Off times, the music gravitates to generic radio channel fare. The dark, dank atmosphere is more prevalent and a downer since there are no dancers or patrons to fill in the space.
3	Lots of different specials though out the week. Never to busy they have pool tables.
1	i am really wondering what perception altering "enhancements" people are on when they wrote these positive reviews about loving this place!  this place is run by a bunch of slimeballs who only care about money.  when you own and operate a business that is supposed to be relatable for a specific part of the population, it's important to stay true to the purpose.  the customer service of this, dare i say, business is severly lacking.  in a place that should be a judgment free zone, you are judged the moment you walk in the door.  i will say that the drag show was fantastic and kudos to the queens who were in it, they have nothing to do with the other happenings at the Free Zone.  if you want to see the drag show, i encourage you to go!  maybe have a drink and once it's over, leave.  you'll contnue to have a better time elsewhere.
4	Kinda expensive when there is no drink specials... but great atmosphere and fun bartenders! $5 beer bust on Thur. & Fri!
4	There are buff guys walking in their tighty whiteys! I could not stop staring since I have never seen something like that before (bf and I don't go out much and we live in OC).  Our group of ppl had fun and drunk. Me to bf: "I need to throw up. I'm going to do it in the restroom."When I got to the restroom, there was a woman who works there.  She turns on your water and all that. I walked back out bcuz I get embarrassed easily.Finally got outside near the wall all the way on the right side and I fertilized a palm tree. It was like the Exorcist.
3	Continuing on my Saturday extravaganza, we stumbled into Freezone for a possible drink.  Let's say that I've been here MANY times since moving to Vegas 5 years ago.  This place, at some point, has been my favorite bars to visit.  I love Peter and the rest of the staff.  Everyone is so nice and even to this day, it's awesome to walk in and be greeted by familiar faces.  Nowadays, this place is filled with lots of lesbians and not really my thing.  I used to see this place filled with lots of people, but Saturday night, it was half full at most.  The place has a few pool tables in the back, beer pong tables some days and a stripper pole in the middle of the dance floor.  The amount of engaging activities are promising, but unfortunately, the crowds of men have decided to go to other places that now cater to them.I'd say that the staff is truly what keeps me coming back.  Thank you guys!
4	Last night, I hung out with my besties at Freezone to celebrate my birthday.  Tonight was an experience I've had before when i first started coming to Freezone.  Those days were filled with fun and everyone always knew you and just had a wonderful time!  Tonight was one of those nights.  Peter, the Freezone manager constantly checked back with us and even gave us a free Kamakaze shot.  Love that guy.  Love all the bartenders.  They are wonderful.In terms of the ambiance, last night there was a nice male/female ratio and everyone just seemed super chill and relaxed.  When I got to the bathroom, I noticed that they actually have an attendant!  WOW. My experience last night was awesome.  It was the reason why I used to go there often.  Thanks for the amazing experience guys!
3	My girlfriends and I visited Freezone after reading about the drag shows on Saturday nights.  The drag show was all that and two bags of chips.  Diva Toxx stole the show with gorgeous outfits and stage presence that went 30 feet in every direction.  Seriously, she's stunning.
4	Great place for playing pool in the late afternoons, and ordering pizza. I hope they still have great pizza. The power music starts a little early, but when the party gets going, the service is on top of everything. My straight friends were so impressed, that they said it reminded them of being on a Cruise. You never find yourself waiting to order your next cocktail. There are usually attractive men and women working, and treating everyone with personable service. Music is hip-hop or dance, and live entertainment is usually on the weekends. Good times here
2	Typical dive bar a lot of lesbians in t-shirts standing aroundThe dance floor  is small but there is a stripper pole in the middle other than that I Wouldn't recommend tourists coming here. I made the mistake of bringing some out of town friends here and they got bored quick The bartenders are very rude and as a bar that gambling is allowed wouldn'tComp our shots even after losing $100 bucks Very poor service and overpriced drinks. If you don't mind shitty service and watered down drinks this place is for you. Oh bring cash they don't accept debit cards lol
4	Just a nice dive bar for the LGBT community. Reasonably priced drinks. The tempo of the night is unpredictable, but when its a good night.. It's definitely a great night !
2	Tad pricy for a gay bar,
4	Free cover.  This is a good place to start for cheap drinks and no cover.  It does look like a $hit-hole but its Vegas so who freakin cares.PRO's-Cheap drinks all day and night, no cover, bartenders very nice, cute gogo boys, cheap shots, good music, stripper pole open to anyone, and across the street from Pirahna.CON's-It is empty during the week and sometimes I have went there and there are a lot of ghetto hood rats. gogo girl dancers are fat and fugly.
5	Thursday is DEAD. We used this place as a meet up for my other friends thinking (since Pirahna was popping) this would be packed. Nope. Just 4 other lesbo and 1 dancer. But hey, that's ok because Friday totally made up for that.Cheap drinks. $2 after 2am? Cool. Bartender remembered me.Shot hotties: Omg I fell inlove with one of them.DJ: Played all my favsDef will be back.
4	We recently had a 40th and 50th combo birthday weekend in Vegas with 31 people and wanted to kick off the weekend with a post dinner fabulous drag performance in a great setting.  I had contacted Free Zone nearly two months prior to our arrival and spoke with Peter.  He was amazing to work with and really made me feel confident that the evening was going to be perfect.  He prearranged bottle service, birthday decorations and even a cake with the names of the birthday boy and girl.  When we arrived, they escorted us to our private roped-off area with tables and booths and I was very, very happy with the decorations.  The group knew we were getting bottle service and heck we were all thirsty so we were a bit disappointed that it took quite a long time for the waitress to bring the vodka and mixers.  The drag performers were fantastic and put on one heck of a great show.   At the end of the show, the birthday girl (birthday boy had over imbibed prior to arriving at Free Zone and couldn't quite make it on the stage...) was brought on stage and the drag performers led everyone in a rousing rendition of Happy Birthday and birthday girl blew out her candles on the cake.  Overall it was a great evening and a unique experience and a big thank you to Peter for helping to make it such a great and memorable evening for everyone!
5	I've been going here for years when I travel to Vegas, but my most recent visit reminded me how much I like this place.  Unlike other gay clubs or bars in Vegas, Free Zone is the complete opposite of the pretentious crowd.  They are extremely friendly, laid back, diverse and lots of fun!  It has a true "family" feel.  The bartender, Joey, was hilarious and tons of fun to talk to.  Adrien, the body shots guy is drop dead gorgeous and treats each one of his customers like they are the only person in the entire bar.  Drinks are also the most affordable you'll find among any of the gay places in Vegas.
3	Laid back, sexy atmosphere for both men  and women, good music. Decent place to hang out when you don't wanna go all out.
4	Love this place. Cash only bar and no entry fee, ever. I like the music and the service is rad. Hot men everywhere... whether you are gay or straight, it's a great spot to have a good time. I love that you don't need to dress up to show up here.
1	Been going for over 10 years and thrown out after talking with the former owner's son and security letting them know to look at their cameras (eyes in the sky) to prove that I was not guilty of what I was accused because the bathroom attendant, who wasn't even watching us, said she witnessed it. I'd bet on the cameras any day. If you want a fair party with no female jealousy drama do NOT go here. Better at Piranha across the street. Sorry you have to pay if you're not local but you WILL NOT get thrown out without a proper discussion of the situation. Oh and there is Gypsy too if you are a lover of the hip hop genre...that's Piranha across the street from the Freezone. http://www.piranhavegas.com/ Click that link to find out the address, etc.
3	Located close to The Hard rock Hotel, Alexis park Hotel and Rumor Boutique hotel.... I think this place has gone downhill in the past couple years with the owner ship change. Price of drinks went up. The crowd has changed too.. Maybe its cuz we have all Grown up!!!still cheap drinks.Its located in the Fruit loop across the street from piranha& 8 1/2 (which is essentially one bar) Its good that the gay community has this tho. It has its days, some days will be so slow even on a Friday and other Fridays the place will be packed.They have a drag show on Friday Nights (some info from their webpage)"Queens of Las Vegas" Begins at 10pm Happy Hour 4pm-8pm - $1 Well or Draft! Friday 5pm-9pm Martini Social  Friday 8pm-1am Beer Bust We have had some great nights. Right around the pride festival & NCOD are good times to come if your looking to see some fresh non local faces. Video poker is located at the bar area.they have VIP booths..whether you are male or female.... they have some of each walking around half naked. if that's what catches your eye.
2	What happened to you? Has Vegas and the LGBT scene changed so much that you have had to into what you know are to keep up? Piranha sucks anyways, why try to compete?  I've been coming here for 10 years. This place was my "cheers" and then I had to move away. I came back every few months and slowly things changed. This last time, I was away for a year and I come back to find out that my fave bar no longer offers Beer-bust on drag show nights, and you can no longer use the gaming area in the back on drag show nights because it is draped off! The gaming area was my one hook to get my straight friends in to the "gay bar" to show them that men aren't just hooking up in corners and copping a feel as they walk by! Now I have no distraction for them to ease into this anymore. Now, I realize that my straight friends aren't the bar's problem or demographic, but regardless, I LIKE POOL! AND I LIKE TO DRINK SHITTY KEG BEER CHEAPLY..  All whilst cheering on the gorgeous lady-men. If Fri/Sat Beer bust doesn't return, with pool tables, than neither shall I... And that makes me want to weep! after 10 years! You guys helped me feel comfortable, welcomed, validated, and liberated and now I feel like the place went from a cool dive-bar with kick-ass queens and sexy women of all ages, where you could come as you were, to now just a joke trying to compete with THE CLUBS. Boooooo.
4	It was fairly dead the night we went in, but still had a good time.  The bartender didn't really have an dynamic personality, but the energy in here was good and the music was as well.  Pool tables, poles to dance on and tables where you can visit.
5	I have been to several nightclubs for the alternative lifestyle, but, this one is one of my top three choices. The drinks and wait staff are amazing. The entertainment is above average and the variety if music they play make this a desired stop for those looking for a place to hang out off the beaten path here in Vegas.
1	this place sucks. I mean, the music, drinks, dance floor are great. But me and some girlfriends were not allowed to use the womens restroom! at a gay bar?!? what happened to progressive thinking and acceptance? my transfriends were angry and we left to find a place to use the restroom. that totally sucks and i will tell all this place sucks. i know they don't give a damn but maybe they need to get sued over this petty issue.do they force their drag performers to use the mens room? i actually do not know and do not care since what matters is the courage that me and my tfriends have to get out dressed trying to find some level of acceptance only to find a gay club being as most intolerant as the worst straight venues!!!this exhibits the most hypocritical behavior from gay supporters, i.e. crying for gay acceptance in general society but cannot accept/tolerate transgendered persons who already struggle to find inner acceptance. i am not sure how we will progress when we continue to be the marginalized of the marginalized groups in society.Freezone sucks! simple as that.Update: Kelsey R. points out that her transfriends were able to use what were described more recently unisex restrooms. If so, very cool. My experience was from a couple years ago and I haven't been back since a negative experience lingers......
5	One of the managers or owners messaged me and said that the pool area is still open during the show, but its now accessible through a side hallway... while I still miss the times when I could play pool or stand near the tables AND watch the show, I also can liv e with this. He also addressed by issues with beer bust magically disappearing during the drag shows and I can to realize that I ALWAYS went to Friday shows... I have never been to a Saturdayy show! They still have ghe beer bust til 11 on Fridays and the Saturday beer bust ends at 8.I will come back and try again next time I'm home.
5	I moved from Vegas in December, I lived 3 min walk  from freezone, it and all it's staff and fabulous Diva toxx and just a coupe more peeps outside of free made my experience unforgettable!!! AMAZING!!!
4	I haven't been to FreeZone in a while, but...I really do love it there, and am WAY over due for a girls' night out dancing.Many a drunken night has happened, here, whether it was just dancing, watching the drag show (which is AMAZING btw.  Some of the best performers I've seen) or for karaoke.  cheap shots, eye candy (men and women scantily clad and dancing), great music, and great atmosphere.Love love love FreeZone.
2	The bar is cool but the bouncer needs to chill out. Being confrontational about parking only scares paying customers away, this is called the fruit loop so people can bar hop the loop. Don't chase away people who are gonna check out the other bars before coming to yours.
4	I had a blast. I went Friday with a friend. The queens were beautiful and hilarious. Drinks were good, crowd was lively and waitresses adorable. For sure will be going back!
5	Amazing time
3	Went back to this place and I was disappointed. The gogo guy dancers ummmm.... Wow one of them looked like he was sick, and the other one looked like herpes. He kept offering shots but smelled like onions (he forgot to put deodorant on) Fail girl, fail!The girls were hot if I was straight haha.Drinks were always cheap which was good but the music on a Friday night was ghetto. Nothing but a bunch of ratchet people. Sunday was more of a nice local crowd.
4	Ok, so you can't expect hot go-go dancers or flashy celebrity names when you go to Freezone... But you can expect a good time for a good price.This was the first Gay club I went to when I arrived to Vegas and it stays pretty consistent. You don't ever face long lines for drinks, the club is big enough for a huge gathering but never too packed to be annoying, there's a menu for food and hot servers for both men and women and the best part... there's no cover charge.The music is generally good and the dancing is always happening. An ATM in the club and shot gals and guys roaming make it pretty convenient. They have pool tables and seating booths as well as gambling machines at the bar. Pretty well rounded.Most of my straight friends enjoy not having to see flopping penis' in underwear and the atmosphere is pretty chill. My brothers and close friends, all straight, love going here and especially love the servers and body shots.Lastly, the 10pm drag show is comedic and... FREE! Boys night, girls night, bathroom attendants and drink specials. Check out Freezone for local fun at a fair price!Some downfalls: the crowd can be somewhat on the older or not too attractive side and sometimes the level of "ratchet" is a bit crazy. I also find that the Lesbian crowd is always in full force at Freezone.
5	Manager felt bad last time my friend and I came and offered us a drink. Nice gesture but still...
3	As we walked from the car, their security guard was beating up on a guy in the middle of the street, bad sign? Nah, let's go in anyway, we're wild and crazy, and there's no cover charge, even better.Scantily clad men & some women were walking around the place, mostly cocktail servers trying to get you to buy a shot from a test tube, I'm good, really. We met a cute cocktail waitress name Erica, she was cool peeps.The music was alright, nothing I could really dance to. So our group just kind of hung around, drank and people watch, always a good time. We didn't stay very long cause we gots to gamble, priorities you know?Would I ever come back? Probably not, but at least we gave it a shot.
4	What a blast!  Celebrated my friend's bachelor party here this past weekend and really had a good time.  There were a bunch of shot girls and boys wandering around slinging shots and dancing and showing everyone a good time.  I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because, while the shots were tasty, they were pretty slim on the booze to filler ratio.
1	This place is a complete joke! Expensive drinks and lame management who tries to control the way people dress and actually they hunt u down and force into buy the watered down drinks which is tacky to me. Vegas needs to do better the clubs in this circle are a complete joke!
5	Fun bar with great drink specials and fun drag shows.  Beer bust is a deal and bar tenders keep cups full.  Highly recommended.
4	Very chill spot, seems like a mixed crowded and mostly locals, cheap drinks (cocktails for about $7), there's pool tables, a live DJ taking requests (when I was there), no cover, and pretty friendly bar staff. Coming from LA (WeHo) this is a welcome difference from being overpriced and too crowded, in my opinion.
1	I was passing through the parking lot on my way into free zone on a Saturday night and noticed and overheard one of the straight owners arguing and threatening to call the cops on that free hiv testing van, i think aids health foundation or something like that.  I found it rude and shameful that a gay club would not allow a free service to help their community better themselves. they were parked not even close to the club. aren't gay clubs supposed to support awareness?! so appalling. other than that drama, the drinks were watered down and the club was empty and supposedly the owner told us it was the hiv vans fault. really?! the owners are so diluted and out of the loop in  helping their patrons. never go back!
5	Super casual! Down-to-earth people. Not pretentious. Comfortable. Mixed crowd; nice management & staff. Poker/ Keno machines! I won money! Dance floor, table area, machines in bar top & on the side! Was there this past busy Saturday! No cover! Shot girls/guys! Low drink prices! Good security staff!
2	The liquor bust is a great deal but the deal breaker is there bartender JASON.  He is very rude, not friendly and an asshole.  I will not spend another penny in this establishment until that guy is no longer working there.
