2	When I called to place the order the woman who answered the phone was nice and pleasant but had to repeat my address several times (english wasn't her first language) and I was a new customer. I ordered the 14" pizza with 2 sandwiches special for $21.99. They said it would take about 30-40 minutes - I called them after waiting for an hour and she could only tell me that the driver had already left. They finally arrived at 1 hour and 19 minutes after I ordered. I ordered sausage mushroom pizza, tuna sandwich and Philly cheese steak. The pizza wasn't hot so I heated it in the toaster oven and was still pretty good. The tuna fish was really good as the bread was fresh. The cheese steak filling was sparse and after sitting for awhile got a little soggy. I'm pretty sure it would've tasted good if it didn't take them so long to have it delivered. Based on my experience from other Angelina's I'll order from them again but will suck it up and pick it up from the Angelina's on Post Street.
1	Holy shit.  Just tried to order, and right at the beginning I explained that our company would be picking up the bill.  So the cardholder wasn't present.I promptly got hung up on, but the person was very kind enough to keep the line open while she yelled at the manager, "This fucking asshole just wasted my time."Thank you kindly.  And fuck you, too.
1	horrible service!! cold pizza and unfriendly deliverer. owner of the restaurant was rude and didnt care to please the customer or the cold pizza!! not worth the money! we will continue to tell everyone!!
1	Slow service...mediocre pizza and the worst wings EVER!  We ordered for an office lunch, and were very disappointed.  Phoned in complaint and the 12 year old who answered phone,  placed us on hold three times.  They argued with us about the quality of the food.  No more for us.
1	the pizza is bullshit.cold.the cheese tasted sour and disgusting.this ashley chick "manager" was a total thunder twat 3000.the delivery guy was clearly high off somethinghis hands were shaking as he held the pizza box and thesweating ughhh gross!don't come here. don't order.
5	I don't understand how all the Yelpers before me had such a terrible experience with this place. We got the recommendation from our cab driver and were so hungry that we called the minute we got back to the hotel (without checking Yelp first). We ordered a large pizza, which is HUGE, and the garlic balls because the employee told us they were very popular. It was $26 for everything.They told us the delivery time would be in 30 minutes to an hour, and it came in about 45. The delivery guy called our cell phone when he got to the hotel so we could come down and meet him. While we were waiting for the delivery I decided to check it out on Yelp and what I saw genuinely frightened me. I was very apprehensive of what the food would be like.We rushed back up to the room with out piping hot pizza and opened the box. It was beautiful! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/21sGRVR7HEs_t6PdB9tGMw?select=LQMPy6vv62SNXlSAjl5TyQ There was absolutely nothing wrong with it, appearance or taste-wise. I would order again from Angelina's in a heartbeat. The pizza was humongous, I could only eat a slice and a half and I usually eat 3. The sauce was good, the cheese was ooey gooey, and the pepperoni was delish. Now let me just tell you about the garlic balls. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/21sGRVR7HEs_t6PdB9tGMw?select=aP_WJK7y4n2qhwT-f6ygHw I'm talkin' about the AMAZING balls of fried dough covered in cheese and garlic. The order came with about 30. I could not eat these things fast enough. They were hot, melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness and I'm ashamed to remember how many I ate. Bottom line: Give this place a shot because I LOVED it. Not a single complaint. If I lived in Vegas, this would be my regular pizza spot.
4	Wonderful service and comparable prices to other pizzeria's in the area. Used to order from La Familia pizzeria on Durango, until the service I received over the phone was unacceptable. The opposite is true for Angelina's, phone service is A+, delivery fee is kind of high but it's because of my far location I assume. Great food and desserts. I would r ecommend :)
4	So I've ordered from here a few times and I must say i have never been disappointed with any of the items Ive tried from here.Ive tried several different items from there huge menu the funny part is Ive never tried there pizza but here are a few items I have tried...The 1st thing I ever was the Fettuccine Alfredo it was generous portions of saucy creamy goodness I was surprised at how tasty it was being that most pizza places don't have the best tasting pastas.Next time I ordered from here I tried the wings i got half Garlic Parmesan and half Hot wings bone in and they were very tasty and delicious, not to mention I must say they have the best ranch dressing Ive ever had in my life so i really enjoyed dipping these tasty critters into there wonderful ranch dressing. next time i tried the Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich which was very yummy how can you go wrong with a good quality chicken patty hot sauce and mayo hmm hmm good.Last but probably my favorite item Ive tried at this place was their Philly Cheese steak OMG juicy, flavorful, cheesy goodness this by far is one of the best cheese steaks Ive ever had I could of sucked down 2 of these tasty things my mouth is watering just writing about it. This is definitely a must try if you go to this place.I absolutely love this place Ive never found a place where everything Ive tried on the menu is truly delicious and i must say they are reasonably priced. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because when I order from here I do delivery and it takes about an hour for me to get my food, other then that there is no going wrong with Angelina's.
1	grubhub.COM Got my order wrong the "manager" didint even care and tolme me "It dosent matter how many time your order from us we dont give a fuck" i ordered from them 3+ times a week NEVER AGAIN       300 this month ive spent on them and they can resend 1 order.      FUCK YOU TOOO
3	I dont know what to say about my experience here. I always get their handbills stuffed in my door and after ruining my dinner I decided some baked ziti sounded good and Id give them a try since I hadnt recycled their handbill yet.I was one of only two tables on a Friday night and it took 5+minutes for one of three servers to come over and greet me. Once I was greeted my attention was drawn to Jessica who Im guessing was the shift manager.  She was sitting in the middle of the dinning area on the phone with who I'm guessing was her boss/owner.They were discussing shop talk at first but then it went to an upset customer. There she dropped the f bomb 4 times the s bomb twice and damn/hell a couple times each.Since she was out in the open Im guessing they dont have acess to an office but venting unprofessionally and with vulgar language like that puts your patrons in bad moods and ruins the dining experience. Whom ever they were talking to should have asked them not to use that language or even better asked them where they were located so as not to impact the patrons in the restaurant.My server was top notch. Answered questions about the menu and even changed the channel on the TV so I could watch the Cubs game. Ok, ok the food. The zitti wasnt bad. Not great but had good flavor. Of course my stomach decided half way home it didnt agree with my taste buds and I just barely made it home.If Jessica hadnt been venting on the phone Id excuse the mad dash to the bathroom I had to do and give it a 2nd chance but a combo like that I cant excuse and won't be back.
1	Awful, cheap ingredients, too big of a menu item where the cook cant cook everything perfect! this is not a new york style pizza! the delivery driver was rude, i was inside waiting for my pizza, the driver tells me to move my car so he can get in when my car is parked 5 feet away from his! Rude staff here! Even the girl with the glasses litterally looks like a pig!
1	Very cheap ingredients terrible wings the sauce was good but the wings were all nasty with broken bones. The pizza cheese was not good sorry but I won't order again:-(
5	When I crave that truly authentic New York style pizza, I go to Angelinas's pizzeria. They have delicious sandwiches, awesome pizza, and a great staff.
3	Pretty good pizza, kinda pricey tho.
4	Everything I've ordered from Angelina's has been yummy. Never have a complaint on the food what so ever. The Food is the only reason I keep going back and the only reason for 4 stars! The only thing I dislike about it is the service! I called in a delivery one time it was about 11-11:30am (when I take my lunch) once I told the girl who answered it was for delivery she told me "Just so you know when we're busy there will be a $10 delivery charge." How am I supposed to know when they are Busy or not. I told her they should state that on their menu then. Needless to say I just call in for pick up now. Even going in for a sit down lunch w/ coworkers it took our whole lunch hour plus some to get 1 chicken salad, 4 chicken strip combos (lunch special 3 strips apiece) & 1 Grilled cheese. The waitress was kind but then we had some girl in the back yelling & swearing. If Angelia's employees would improve on their customer service and attitudes it would be top notch!
1	Its the little things that keep a customer from coming back! Ordered $26.00 worth of carry-out, Asked for a cup of ICE, Her reply was I'll have to charge you for that!   WHAT  "Go out of Business" and I still tipped her $2.00 anyway. This is why
1	Ordered from here (delivery) once before. If it is over $30 delivery fee is waived, but you actually are supposed to ask. Tonight, guy on phone was super nice, but the food was not. Was told an hour and 20 minutes for delivery, which seems excessive, but ok. My wings (hot and garlic Parmesan) were ok ( garlic, but no parm) wife's burger sucked and her fries were cold. I had ordered fries with my wings.... And extra ranches. Well the "ranch" was blue cheese and the fries did not come with the wings (even though I paid for them)Called back. Guy on phone super nice and professional again. "I'll get some fries over to you." 40 minutes pass and I'm done with my wings and have no fries. Called him back and said the the fries were surplus to requirements now and that I was kinda pissed. He offered for a manager to call me tomorrow. Again HE is professional. Either the kitchen or the delivery guy (or both) sucked big time tonight.  Will not be ordering here again.
5	HOLY STROMBOLI!!! Well, we had a Calzone, BUT WTF IT WAS GREAT!!!!!Post band practice meal, so we were hungry for junky food. 20 wings AND our server happy did 4 in a sauce that we just wanted to try.A medium calzone, rated to feed 2-3 people... IT WAS HALF A PIZZA!!!There about 40 combo specials for pizza, wings, finger fries and more.IT IS ALL DELICIOUS!! The dough is garlicy and soft. The sausage is perfect.It's a bar and may not be good for kids.The food came out quick and was great.The servers were friendly and extremely helpful. They didn't miss a thing, brought us a pitcher of water and kept the napkins coming.I will stop in here for TO GO wings in the future.Also, I'll be bringing more people from the studio over.GREAT JOB!! Gotta try the pizza next time.
1	Worst customer service ever experienced in Vegas!  While they conveniently delivered all the way from Russell/Decatur to my home near Charleston/Rancho, they delivered the wrong order.  If the food had been at least edible I would have just kept it and avoided the drama, but it was not.  The food sucked, so when they then refused to make it right, I had to get in the car and drive the food all the way back to their restaurant for a refund.  A complete waste of time, bad food, poor customer service, and worse yet, I still have to go find something for dinner.
5	Well...I don't know about their pizza but their Greek Salad was great!I'm kinda lazy when it comes about food, so I put my tomatoes on the side, they were to big for me...LOL Friendly stuff, checked on us few times...but what's the to check, I'm just too lazy to cu my own tomatoes...not that I don't like them :)
3	the only reason im giving them a 3 star is bec of the pizza otherwise it would be 1, the chicken wings use to be good. now im dissapointed
5	Have to say this is the best pizzeria in town!! They have delicious pizza and wings...heck, EVERYTHING on their menu is really good. I order pizza and other food from here all the time and its always great!! and super fresh! I asked if they make their sauce from scratch and they sure do! Also they have the BEST ranch in the WORLD!!! They told me its also homemade. And a lot of other things they make are made in house. This place is great if your gonna have a big party or get together, They do large order deliveries for party's and events! My friend ordered from here once for his birthday party and got their biggest pizza which is their 24" its HUGE!! and oh boy was it yummy!!! It was their Angelina's Special, and he got bacon on it!!! Yum!!!!! This place is also awesome to dine in or take out. The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful and courteous. I love Angelina's!!! The BEST DAMN PIZZERIA IN VEGAS!!!!!!
1	Just ordered tonight, and oh my god was I disappointed. From the long wait, to the unedible food.My boyfriend ordered a chicken gyro and I ordered fingers and fries with a drink and dessert. Our total comes up to $35. About the price I'd normally pay at a sit down restaurant, but fine. Delivery time of 70-90 minutes. That's a little excessive don't you think? Ok, whatever. Food finally arrives, my boyfriend is waiting downstairs outside.. See's the driver get out and proceed to his trunk where he pulled our food out of (What in the world?) Fast forward to eating... Not only do we both have cold, soggy fries, the fingers are soggy as well!! Mushy texture, very unpleasant. Boyfriend said he didn't even think it was chicken in his gyro. Couldn't even eat 2/3 of our food. Went to dessert which was the only somewhat, appetizing carrot cake and chocolate later cake. Carrot care was really chewy, not cake like at all. Chocolate cake had a weird after taste.All in all.  Not worth the money or wait. Left with an empty stomach, unsatisfited appetite, and full of regret. 1 star is being generous.
5	I finally found a pizza that ill never get tired of... and the philly was the best in town
1	Very dissapointing today,take out pizza was not done the cheese wasnt even melted I had to put it in the oven at home to cook it,the fries where also cold. The pastrami was luke warm and tasteless. These are all things that I have had here  before so I know what I am talking about.Plus they told me about a 30 minute wait and it was more like 45 min.Service was poor.
2	For lunch yesterday we ordered delivery through their online service. About an hour after ordering I still hadn't received a confirmation email for our order so I called to see if they even received it. The guy who answered said yes they had and that was it....no offering up an ETA or anything. So another 30 min passes and finally the food arrives (this place is literally less than a mile from our office so I figured they must have been really busy which is why it took so long). I was willing to ignore the fact it took so long to get to us (ordered just before 12pm and didn't arrive until about 1:30 I think it was) until we dug into the food.We ordered a special which had a 18" pizza with one topping and 10 chicken fingers. The pizza we got was bordering luke warm bath water temperature and cold. So we had to heat up our slices before we ate them. And the chicken was the same temp, not even hot!! AND they were dry! Ordered them mild and they were still looking like a plain chicken finger! We also ordered fries with cheese which was the only piping hot item we received and was actually pretty good (we thought); they used nacho cheese, yum. My two stars are for the ranch and cheese fries because they were the only things we truly enjoyed. Will not be back here. Unless I feel like burning $39 for cold food.
1	This place is sooo slow do not come here if you have plans for the day or on lunch. Food is mediocre at best.
5	I came to Vegas to party.  Butt it turned out i also came to desire late night pizza.  I ordered 2 times from this place over a 3 night span.  The first time i ordered at 12. at night.  Pizza came right about when they said it was.  Around 45 minutes.  The next time i ordered was around 9.  (Gotta get that preclub pizza.)  Again right at around 45 which is exactly the time they said it would take.  Pizza was good.  Beats dominoes any night of the week.  I see a lot of bad reviews on this place.  Seems they all have a common theme.  Ordering non pizza items.  I know that if they sell it they should be able to make it properly but its kinda a what did you expect type of deal.  Im not ordering a gyro or a burger from this place.   I'm ordering pizza.  And as for the pizza it was good.  Also the delivery guy was really nice.
5	Came with a group of friends to Vegas to celebrate our friends birthday. We arrived at about 11:30 PM after a near give hour drive from Los Angeles and we were hungry. So we ordered ourselves some pizza. Pizza came right on time and it was delicious. In fact it was so delicious we ended up ordering pizza again two nights later. Overall, it was a good price for good pizza. Delivery was on time and that's huge considering we were ordering around midnight.
5	I think that Angelina's has wonderful servers and staff. Really great pizza for the price and a fun place to bring friends, family or clients. George is a warm and welcoming manager and Nicole is amazing at handling their marketing.
4	Food is really good. A little expensive. My only real issue was the driver when he delivered. Rude & not friendly at all. Last time I will tip ahead of time because he would not have received a dime. Work on that will you Angelinas?
2	Called to order chicken wings and fries from the lady doing the orders from the phone she was rude and kept putting me on hold when I started ordering. Then the wait which was suppose to be 45 minutes turned out to be longer then that because the driver couldn't find my address despite me telling him the cross streets.  Finally get my food and the chicken wings are dry and there is more bone then meat on the wings and the fries were overcooked I threw it out I can't believe I wasted 30 bucks on that with the mozzarella sticks which was the only good thing pathetic avoid this place at all cost.
1	Orders the fingers, 8" cheese pizza, garlic balls.  Yuk, the fingers are pre frozen, pre packaged with some kind of corn mill mush coating and very, very greasy.. The pizza was fro a 5 year old who loves pizza, he eat one peace  and would not eat anymore. They say the fingers are large, nope, they are just as big as any other place has them . Never will we ever eat at this place again.. Five thumbs down...
1	TWO HOURS for 6 little lunch special pizzas?! From a place literally right around the corner? And the worst pizza I've ever had, too. Never, ever ever again.
1	The worst service ever. first time I ate at this locating there was an eyelash on my canoli. Silly me I gave them a second chance and had food delivered which my wings order was wrong. So I called and spoke to the manager. At first he was polite and after I informed him the issue and them once he came back to the phone his attitude changed. He said hid cook said he made the order right and started yelling at me. I asked him why was he yelling at me...his response was because I was upset. I told him that is not how you handle someone who is upset. A few days later I called the corporate number since the same guy owns all the ones in town. He was out of town with personal issues and was told that I would get a call back. The lady assured me since she was his sons personal assistant. She also said that the manager was new but still excuse. This happened a few months ago and never been back.
5	Made a mistake imaging my order onlinethat. Accidentally sent it to the east Charleston location, not realizing till I arrived to pick it up. The staff was really accommodating and transferred my order, putting it on rush so I could get back to work. Dumb, embarrassing mistake fixed by a great staff. Thank you!Plus, the veggie pizza is ahmazing :-)
1	Heard lots of great things about this place so I decided to try it. Found the menu online and called to order a CHICKEN Mexican Philly. So i went to pick it up and when I got in the car I checked to see if it my order was correct. The sandwhich was beef so I went back in and said that there was a mistake and the lady said ok she will go double check. The gentle man on the other hand was extremely rude. All I needed was to hear "I'm sorry, we'll take care of it" but instead he was very rude. This place needs to work on their customer service.
3	We got the Philly cheesesteak pizza and let's just say it was plain. Not much to it. My wife got the caesar salad she said it was good. The chi slate cake was good but the cheesecake was nasty!!! The delivery man was like 60yrs old and was not happy at all when he delivered the food. He didn't say 1 word to us when he arrived. For 30$ I expected something a little better. Oh well.
5	Best Late-Night Pizza! I don't use this restaurant/bar for the usual go-out-to-eat spot during normal working hours so I can't say too much about the whole menu - I'm always getting delivery in the wee hours of the morning ... so good!! :)
4	This was my first time to eat at Angelina's  Pizzeria.  We arrived without a reservation with about 20 people.  We were celebrating my son in-laws College Graduation and Granddaughters  14th Birthday.  We were greeted, seated, and had multiple orders placed (all different checks) which by the way was not an issue.  Our server was Chanel and Jacob also helped out as we were a pretty large party.  Both were friendly and extremely helpfulThe food arrived hot, very tasty, and the  portions were large.  We all ordered different menu items, each of which were just as delicious  as the next.  I have to say that was a very positive experience and would definitely return to this business again.
5	first time here cause people told they have good pizza. gave it a shot.they don't have good pizza. THEY HAVE GREAT PIZZA. this is east coast jersey new York boardwalk style  thin crust fold it in half and use your hands pizza.if you want to use a knife and fork to eat your pizza go back to chitown where you came from. I will be coming back.
5	Great stuff!! I'm at work and the pizza guy was professional enough. The pizza itself was bomb, the little garlic bread is outstanding and even the marinera sauce was on point. I bought a large pizza and it fed 4 adults, average size adults I should say. But man this is like the 3rd time I order here and it's the beezneez.
3	First off - I'll try them again, so that's a good start. But second, this was disappointing. Delivery was late and the food quality needed some work. It probably would have been better if we had eaten there, but the big problem is that the food was delivered cold. We ordered a  fried chicken dinner and a steak sandwich. The chicken had a nice flavor but it was tough. cold, and the pieces were small. I think if we got it closer to when it came out of the kitchen it would have been much better.  The sandwich also had a good flavor, but because it was cold the bread was dry and the flavor of the steak was lost. We'll try it again soon and hopefully they'll overcome the shortfalls of our first visit. Maybe if they had a better carrier than a plastic bag to deliver it then the food would have been delivered hot and certainly would have been better.  We'll see.
5	Had the garlic balls,  the best balls I've ever tasted in my life!  The pizza was good too. Service was good.
1	WARNING! Very unsanitary establishment. I dined in once and the fries were stale tasting but didn't think much about it until I ordered a home delivery. The bread was old and teh fries were stale AGAIN!!. Im getting sick just thinking about it. Stay very far away from this place YUCK!I called them to complain and they offered me a coupon LOL! No thanks. I wont be back
4	This place was really great. We are from st Louis and used yelp to look up some late night delivery. The food arrived hot and fresh in a reasonable time period at 2 am. Had bacon and pineapple pizza and the garlic balls. Both were awesome. Was also at a great price, very reasonable. I would highly recommend!
1	Ordered a pizza & chicken fingers for delivery. They didn't bring the ranch for the fingers. But besides that, both my husband & I did not like it at all, in fact we tossed it.
1	Ordered online took over an hour and a half to arrive. I live in the same zip code as the restaurant. Food arrives lukewarm at best. Will not try again.
5	Ordered pizza, French fries, honey bbq chicken wings and a side salad. Everything was amazing! Definitely a must if you're hungry and can't forget the woman on the phone who took our order even helped us find the perfect combo.
1	I ordered online around 1120 pm food didn't arrive till 110 am. I am pregnant and pist Deffently won't order from here again bacon on my burger is slimy not happy at all. Plus I ordered threw grub hub and then they told be my total was 34$ all of a sudden I'm. Being charged 40$
2	We eat lunch here quite often because its closest to work and we have a short lunch break. no two visits are the same. Our most recent was one of those visits we were very disappointed in. Double cheeseburger, no cheese. Brown wilted lettuce. No mayo. Patty overcooked. Asked for ranch and salt and pepper and got neither. Just don't get delivery. Make sure its what you actually ordered
2	I only order delivery since they used to deliver 24 hours but now only until 3 a.m. Other times I ordered were good but this time was a major let down. 3 sandwiches and fried calamari were OVER $50 AND TOOK OVER AN HOUR TO ARRIVE! We had to doctor everything up to make it edible. This was my last order. Try Cafe Verdi if you have a late night craving.
1	This place is a joke for lunch. We have been here for over 40 minutes waiting on fried food and we are the only table here. You guys really need to change your whole staff. Just so you know we are still waiting.
2	We used to come here late at night after work and we'd order pizza and have a couple of beers. It was amazingly good 2-3 months back but today we ordered the same topping since and it just tasted bland! It wasn't the topping. The sauce may to have seem bland. It used to be great. We just hope it'll be better next time.
