1	Went to eat here Friday morning with my cousin and his wife and her 11 yr old son. Waited about 20 min to be seated and the other 2 couples in our booth area had 1 thing served to them while the other person was waiting. and waiting. We ordered and when our food arrived it was cold. We asked for an extra plate and that took at least 10 minutes to come. I had a breakfast skillet and waited awhile for the pico de gallo and sour cream to come. By then my hash browns and eggs were even colder. Our waiter didnt really come by to fill up our water glasses (half the size of a normal cup) and when it was time to go the lady at the register wouldnt split our bill. She took my cousin's cash first, then put the rest on my card. Def. not going to eat here again thanks to cold food and bad service.
3	i liked this dennys because it is near the polo towers a little south of the hotel on the east side of las vegas blvd ( close to m & m 's and would of ate here almost everyday if it wasnt so crowded . if you get there to late then the line is outside the door into the street everyday. try to get there before  9:00 a.m. its a good thing i eat early about 7:00 - 7:30 a.m. so i got in fast . they have the $ 2 - 4 - 6 - $ 8 menu . plus the regular menu for a little higher price  then the prices in boca raton  but still much cheaper then most hotels near by. the coffee is $ 2.00 the food taste the same as it does in florida not to good not to bad and always plenty of grease. i ordered the all you eat pancakes $ 4.00 . big mistake because i didnt stop at just 3 . or sometimes i oredered  the  biscut with gravy and french friesthe service is good considering its dennys. its worth going to if you dont want to spend $ 15.00 - $ 20.00 for an all you can eat breakfast
3	Good pricing, standard menu. The Grand Slam combo was fantastic and offered a lot of healthful options. And cab fare from Luxor was about $8, which was reasonable-ish.
3	Slow, don't seem concerned, food sat in kitchen and was cold.
2	Good location, good for a cheap breakfast (to compensate for all you spend on dinner around here!). But super slow service.
4	One of the best Denny's I've been to.Atmosphere is warm and bright with the natural sunlight. Decent spacing in the small restaurant.Although the line was long, (be sure to get there early!) I got a seat within 10 mins for a party of 2.Waiter and waitress were very response. Never pressured or pushed us for an order.Had the Grand Slam and Cowboy meat plates.Pretty good. A bit salty for certain foods, but as expected. For the Cowboy  plate, save your money and get a hamburger. That's exactly what the meat tastes like.Drinks were quickly refilled when requested.There was an error in my bill and it was quickly fixed without any grumbling or glares.Definitely recommend this place for a quick bite, but be wary of the line during breakfast/brunch.
3	Came in at around 6am. There were tables open all thru out the restaurant. But my party and another party had to wait. A Security guard calls into the servers how many people need tables. Weird, i guess alot of people try to dine and dash, which is what happened when we were trying to be seated. And thats what the hold up was. Didnt seem like alot of servers at that time of the morning but more seemed to show up. Being a Sunday morning you would think they would have more people on at that time of day, since club heads and concert goers are usually funneling in somewhere to eat before hitting the hotel room and bed. Once seated it was a good experience. The Server was friendly and quick. Great communication on where your food was with coming to the table. Always kept the drinks filled to. Also look in those guides on the strip and they have a 20% off Coupon for the total check. I used it and they didnt give me a hassle. The mens room was dirty but i let the manager know and they got someone on it pretty quickly. All in All will i be back? Most Definitely
5	Went there twice, first it was late night friday and they served me quick and refilled my oj and sunday morning they were rushed but treated me with great service. I'd eat there again
4	i actually like this dennys and come here every time im in vegas wanting breakfast.  they are ALWAYS BUSY. but dont be fooled. when they say 20 mins is the wait for your table they mean 20 or less.. which is cool since they have a crowd inside and outside waiting to be seated.  service is good. food is good, better then other dennys that i have been too.  open late for them late night munchies. -if you have to wait for your table and its uber hot out.. go next door to the abc store to just chill in their a/c and "look" around. why not free a/c while waiting to get seated. =]enjoy
3	Such a traditional american place! Proper had to come somewhere like this on the road trip! We al had the Grand Slam breakfast! Which basically consists of unlimited coffee and any four items from a list. I got pancakes, hash browns, eggs and like a porridge (which wasn't good at all...A scot trying porridge in america is a little silly to be fair!!) But the pancakes were beautiful with all that butter and maple syrup!! very filling and cheap! Set us up for the day!
5	I love Dennys and try to visit one whenever I am out of NYC. We saw a lot of Denny restaurants in Vegas.  They had the value breakfast meals for $2, 4 and $6. There was always a 10-15 minute wait for a tabe but it was definitely worth it. The staff were okay and the food was delicious. I also tried the smoothies (mango & strawberry banana) which were good. You get the bang for your buck at this spot.
2	I like Denny's, but this location was awful. It's horribly crowded, service is slow due to crowding and the staff are rude, the hostess to be particular (I know they deal with a lot of jerks all day long, but no need to be rude to me when I'm being nice to you). Not to mention, they made us wait twice as long as they said to get a table. We even saw tables open up and the hostess skipped over us a few times to put people further down on the list in those tables, really shady.However: Two thumbs up for the cheap value breakfasts...$2, $4 & $6!Tip: If your party is larger than 4, split up and you'll get a table faster.Overall: I would only go here if there was no wait. If there was a wait, I would head on over to the restaurant called "America" in New York, NY hotel...it's just like a Denny's/Red Robin. The restaurant is massive and you can always get in without waiting, good service...and their portions are HUGE.
1	Slow food delivery...would have eaten somewhere else.
4	The ambiance is quite nice, and different from the typical Denny's. The place is huge so service is understandably tough. Despite lacking speed, they are highly professional.
3	Mmmm this location is sort of awkward, not really near PH (where we were staying) but not really near the other attractions like M&M world or Coca Cola world...
2	Tired of the $20 mediocre breakfasts and $25 salads throughout Las Vegas, I decided to do something totally different for breakfast one day... so off to Denny's!I'm not too familiar with the Denny's chain so I don't know how this location compares to others so keep that in mind if you read my review.  I was by myself for the SEMA show in town, so I was hoping to just get a seat with counter service.  Well, that didn't happen because they don't have any bar/counter service.  No big deal, I was seated at a table after a 10 minute wait.The service was definitely not top notch but I didn't expect it to be.  My waiter was friendly enough, I'm not too picky.  However, the coffee was not hot and tasted watery.    I liked how I was able to create my own "Grand Slam" because I was on a special diet for my physical training and being able to pick all items with limited carbohydrates was a welcome option.  You know how hard it is to find food when dining out with minimal carbohydrates?... VERY.  The food was not bad, but definitely not very good.  However, only spending $12 for a big breakfast was a nice change.While I was eating, one of the employees brought out a really noisy vacuum for about 15 minutes just to vacuum up some crumbs.  It was a little annoying after 5 minutes, more annoying after 10 minutes, and REALLY annoying after 15 minutes.  I don't know how other restaurants do it but I've never had to eat out with a vacuum in my ear.
3	Typical Denny's food but this one had good service. It was 2am and we couldn't find any other place that was open.
2	- Long waits during breakfast/brunch/late night- Crowded lobby/wait area- Mediocre service/they want to rush you out
4	I'll never understand how they can be so patient at this dennys. I was not sober, the waiter asked me for my order three times before i responded, and STILL had a smile on her face. oh, did i mention it was at 6 in the morning? The guy at the table behind us knocked out and was snoring over his food to boot. You don't expect great food at denny's. You expect denny's food. it's not any better here than at any other location and it's not any worse either. food came out quickly, and it hit the spot.
4	Prices are NOT over-inflated like everything else on the Strip. Good food, good prices, good service. So refreshing to find this on the Strip! Be sure to check the value menu, which seemed to be suspiciously removed from all tables at times, but is available when asked. Initially, it looked like a crowded waiting area, but wait times were no longer than 10 minutes. We went back many times for breakfast and dinner during this trip. It was good quality food and helped keep costs down.
3	The service and food were fair and the wait was long.
5	Dont eat breakfast at your hotel...too expensive..instead walk to this Denny's!!! Short wait, fast food, cheap! I wish I could remember my servers name...he was Latin and had a trainers tag on....he was super awesome even if he was in the weeds!!!! Hope u read this and thank u for being so awesome!!!
1	Wanted something simple to eat on the strip. Was with wife, kids, and in-laws. Out of seven orders, three were correct. Only took like 15 minutes to cook, but then it sat under the holding lamps for another ten minutes so it was nice and cold. My wife ordered a grand slam. Eggs were wrong, bacon was wrong( supposed to be turkey bacon) and got hash brown instead of pancakes. In other words was completely wrong. Had to suggest to the manager to take something off the bill. Should have been free, but got half off. Manager was extremely apologetic, but didn't want to lose the sale. Other than that, food itself was bleh. Overall horrible experience. Expected better from Lenny's, I mean Denny's. Received 1 star because I had to put one.
2	Of course I was drunk. Why else would I be at Denny's of all places at 3 am... I remember being pissed about having to wait for a table for 20 minutes.I also remember ordering a nasty salad, with an even nastier dressing...There was literally no server to be found for 30 minutes after we finished our meal, so I guesstimated the check and left money on the table...2 stars for the poor employees that have to deal with customers like me...
4	A jam packed to the max restaurant with good, cheap food. I dont want to dpend $40 for breakfast around here, but being cheap will cost you too. The line to get in was quick, but it took about 10 minutes to get a server. Still 10 minute wait for $10 breakfast is good.
1	I am a fan of Denny's restaurants....just NOT  the ones in LV (this one and the other one on north end of strip).The moment you walk in, you gotta seat yourself. Then it takes them another 20 minutes for server to bring you menus/take your orders.Then another 20 minutes for your food to arrive (the food's not really good to begin with)Not to mention the other people around you look homeless or they just lost their rent $ next door @ MGM or someones drugged outta their mind.Yes the prices are cheap and not inflated. but you could easily find something else to eat for similar prices in one of the prices.
3	Food is just what you'd expect from a Denny's,  average. Service was dine. Wait rime was short. Cheaper than most of the restaurants in Vegas, so a welcome drop in price.
4	The food came out pretty quick not to mention it was in Vegas! We got seated pretty fast and i definitely enjoyed my food ! Would come back here it was a taste of the normal in Vegas!
3	Grandlux was closed so we wandered the Vegas streets for some food. Relief at the Denny's sign! Yayyyy, took forever, but since its 24 hours u cant really complain. Cheap greasy and good 3am food.
3	Ok if you're desperate for breakfast and air conditioning while Vegas sizzles 110 and you need to sit down.  I could not get a clean cup of coffee ~ eventually the waiter have me a styrene cup.  Also had to change the silverware.  But the food was good.  I recommend the light omelette.
3	Yes! the poor man's Vegas breakfast30mn wait to get called. we were honnngry! They had many choices. I think i built my own breakfast (a side of pancake, eggs, bacon, grits).  Some people at my table weren't happy with their choices but to me it was decent. It got me full. I liked their cool variety of drinks (like that hybrid pink pepsi, peach smoothies)
4	oh man i had to write a review because me and my friends always go here to sober up. and i mean ALWAYS! i love the breakfast combos and the milk shakes. i mean come on, its freaking denny's - what can you say :P
4	I usually despise Denny's, only because the two in my hometown have just OKAY food, but terrible service. My review consists of both a drunken and sober visit to this place. ;) Like any Vegas visitor, you drink, and then need to regenerate. I happened to see Denny's because I know the prices and I figured I couldn't go wrong. The second night in Vegas I walked on over from The Cosmopolitan (check out my review) and my party of three was immediately seated. It was probably like 3 AM though... So that explains it. The server was very nice and got our order quickly kept my coffee coming. I had the Super Bird, and boy was it delicious! The other two people in my party loved their food as well and said it was the best Denny's they've had (they eat it more than me.)My second experience was on a late morning. This time there was only two people in my party and I was craving breakfast. Full restaurant, full waiting room, but only 10 min wait. SCORE! But this experience wasn't as pleasant. I was the only person who ordered food. He forgot my coffee and silverware. So I received my breakfast with coffee and no silverware. Well now my food is getting cold and I had already poured some creamer in my coffee - what do I stir it with? I saw all the other servers running around and taking care of their customers and with coffee pots in their hands. Mine said, "We ran out of coffee. I'm making some now." Translation: You're not my priority and I'm going to hang around in the back room. I say this because I saw all the other servers out and walking around and I saw him maybe three times while I sat there. So I guess I should have known better, and I definitely learned my lesson. Would I say this place is hit or miss? Not necessarily. I should have just asked for a different server or waited to be seated somewhere else. Other than the terrible service, the food was good. Whatever. It's Vegas!
3	What a typical Denny's!I came here for breakfast and it was packed. Fortunately, the line was just long and they were just taking time to clean up and get organized. I got seated fairly quickly, within 10 minutes.First thing I noticed was how dirty the utensil was. But I tried to ignore it. I had the grand slam. It was good, but not as good. The sausage was way too soft and not as crispy. It felt like it was heated and re-heated. Service was pretty good. The lady was really nice.Pretty standard Denny's.
4	Despite how busy it gets, one of the hosts stayed upbeat and even a little funny. I think that was great because it kept the happy mood going for my boyfriend and I. The hobbit themed food was some of the best food I have ever had at Denny's. I wish they would bring most of it back!
1	I Love Denny's restaurantsjust NOT  the ones in LV (this one and the other one on north end of strip). It's BAD!!!!!!! You have to wait for too long to get your drink plus the food.... It's NOT CLEAN...!!!!
1	Pros: star for offering a free DIY grand slam on the day of your birthday with valid ID, and friendly host and cleaning staff.Cons: slow service - received food but no utensils, took a while to get utensils; asked for salsa for one of the meals, however received half way through the meal, received someone else's bill, however took so long that we physically looked for the table that we thought might've had what was on the receipt and complete an exchange; our bill still had some discrepancies, however although minor, this was not fully taken care of at the front.
3	This is our go-to breakfast place in Vegas.  There is always a line, but they move you in fast.  It's clean and cheap, so we can save our money for video poker or a really great dinner.  What more can you ask for from Denny's?
3	Packed, but line went fast, super cheap prices compared to anything else on the Strip, and perfect for hungover mornings!  Waitresses are kind of slow and the food is definitely not as good as most other Denny's I've been at (Moons on my hammy was fail) but since I was still kind of tipsy everything seemed delicious...
3	After arriving in Vegas I was driving by and I had seen this hotel casino with a Dennys on Orbitz. Stopped in for breakfast. The food was decent but the waiter never refilled my coffee would have liked to have one more cup
4	decent breakfast.
1	One star is too much here.  Went for breakfast at 3:00 pm. Waited forever for food. People upset and leaving.  We were Hungary so stuck it out. When food arrived, instead of hash browns with my eggs, they gave me French fries... Said they were out of hash browns and took it upon themselves to choose for me.  My husbands skillet breakfast was suppose to come with red potatoes... Surprise... He got ash browns because they were out of red potatoes.  He could not eat his... Looked old and mushy.  I cannot believe that they would not come and tell us and offer us to change dishes or select a replacement for ourselves. Upon leaving... The manager cashed us out and when we told her what happened she argued with us and said that they were not out of red potatoes.  Two waitresses off to the side informed her that they were and she copped a wicked attitude and basically told us to leave. She did not charge us for breakfast.  That was the reason for one star.
1	Waited for a table about 25-30 minutes but it was understandable becuase this place was packed.  We actually walked down to the Hard Rock instead but they stopped serving breakfast 2 minutes before we came in.  I hate when places do that.  If they were smart they could prob take a lot of Dennys' crowd.Anyways back at Dennys.............Do not let them seat you next to the front pay counter.  Thats where we were and people were lined up inches away from our table with their butts closer than desired.  The waitress was trying really hard but if the kitchen staff is blowing it the waitress suffers.They told us that they didnt have a kids menus but come to find out what they really meant was that they had no more kids menus.  Would have been nice to know seeing as how my two year old would have wasted a regular portion.  A bit scandalous I think.We ordered and 45 minutes later (literally 45 minutes) we got our food.  My eggs oredered over easy might as well have been hard boiled eggs cut in half.  My hashbrowns were burnt on the outside and raw pots on the inside.  My gf found a hair on her sausage!  I brought the attention to the waitress when she passed by our table and she offered to have the things remade.  I didnt feel like waiting another 45 minutes and said I just wanted it taken off the bill seeing as how I didnt eat any of it.  She copped a bit of an attitude.  Bad experience but places like this and Shari's are really hit-or-miss.  It really depends on whos working up front and in the back. Pretty much everything in Vegas food wise is pretty expensive but at least the service and quaity is there for the most part when your paying top dollar.
4	A lot of people eat breakfast there..Well, food is legit but takes forever to get my combo! I love their french toast btw.
2	This Particular Denny's makes me understand the reason why I only eat at I Hop and casions late night. I've had several bad experiences at Denny's and this one didnt help. After going to the club. My friend and I decided to stop for food and chat. The waitress was the only good experience.  She was nice and paid attention. But im not sitting there for the waitress. The food was very bland ans at one point I didnt even want to finsih my Skillet.  But I was hungry and a little tipsey so I had to eat. I know I had experience with food when I remember Not liking it after drinking. I've been to good locations before. But this isn't one.
2	I came on a Thursday afternoon, around 3PM in between lunch and dinner rush. It was still very busy, and the service was very slow. We only had to wait a few minutes for a table, but after we were seated our waitress didn't come by for at least 10 minutes, not even for a drink order! After ordering we waited at least 30 minutes for our food. The food was okay of course, all Dennys food tastes the same to me. The whole place was so crowded and the walkways in between tables seemed so narrow, you have to wait for people to pass by before you can walk down an aisle. I might come here again if I know it's not going to be so busy, just because it's a cheap place to eat on the strip 24 hours a day.
3	Nice staff and good choice of breakfast
1	WORST, WORST,WORST Denny's I have ever been to.It took 53 minutes to deliver our food to our table. When it finally arrives... The knives they gave us were DIRTY!!!!!! Literally DIRTY! like if they have never washed them. Then I called the manager to complain and what she says... Oh, I' sorry about it.  Then because of the horrible service I got... I did not leave any tip, and the waiter complaints about me not leaving a tip!!!! I will never be back !!!! EVER!!!
1	Honest truth this place is shit. The utensils where dirty, the service was horrible, and even the coffee cream smelled expired. People here were rude! I strongly suggest that this is a bad spot to come to.
3	Across from Diablos Cantina at the Monte Carlo, Denny's has always been a go to place for most locals, and tourists like myself who never get a chance to eat at DENNY'S up here in Toronto.The food is always safe, not necessarily MIND BLASTING, OVER THE TOP! however if all else fails, you can count on Denny's.  Our server for the most part was very polite, and helpful when it came to decision making on the menu.  I had their bacon burger with onion rings: 3/5, tasty, but nothing to rave over.  I think they ripped me off on the onion rings though. lol
5	Not a big Denny's fan ...but let me tell you this place gives you greatest value for your $ on the strip. If budget conscious or over 55 ask for their budget menus & Over 55 menu options.
2	This ain't you corner Denny's in rural America! But let me say - once we were seated, the service was superb!! The service deserved 5 stars, but what I have an issue with is this: IT'S A BREAKFAST DINER. PEOPLE WILL ORDER PANCAKES AND FRENCH TOAST. WHY THE @#%* SCRIMP ON THE SYRUP???Honestly, I didn't go there for a gourmet meal, as all we needed was a bite to eat before hitting the road and escaping with some of the money we came with. Yeah, it's crowed, it's noisy, and you won't see any of the people from the TV show Vegas, but it's Americana. The meal was fine, but the management/owner decided to cut corners and serve a syrup that equated to brown water. REALLY??!! I'll bump it to 3 stars if they ever improve the syrup, otherwise McDonald's is just up the street.
4	Had to stop in for breakfast during our recent trip. As always the place was packed. They turn the tables fast so relax and wait. Also an extremely friendly staff especially with the crowd, they know how to hold it together!
1	It was gross, filthy - most disgusting bathrooms I've seen in Vegas.  Food was swimming in grease.The worst part - I got sick my wife got sick and after coming home and speaking to a friend who was sick said she had eaten there too just before she got sick.By far the worst Denny's restaurant I've stepped foot in.Don't go there.
3	Service was super slow, but this is based on going here at 2am to get a quick meal.  I will say this, they did a good job for my steak and eggs!
1	I didn't like the face that 2 people walk in and said that they needed a table of 10. The host waited for the rest of the party to walk in which took them 5 minutes to walk in. The host could of helped me for a party of 1. Since I had to wait,  I walked out and went to McDonald's.
2	Meh!While in town for a Fantasy Football tournament, I decided to have breakfast at this spot b/c it was close to my hotel.This is a new establishment, so I figured to give it a try.I had a deluxe breakfast meal which included scrambled eggs, bacon and pancakes on the side.Meal was subpar.I ended up throwing the blueberry pancakes away. It tasted like frozen supermarket pancakes.Eggs n grits were ok, not great---Coffee subpar.My advice on anyone having breakfast---If you're in the mood for breakfast, skip this spot and walk further down the strip to the other Denny's. The other Denny's is more packed, but I've had  better meals there and its a cool people watch spot.
1	Good food...bad customer service. Even on a slow night, they walk around as if they don't have tables. Very inattentive & we basically only saw our server twice & waited longer for our bill. Want to kill some time? Come here if not, avoid this location.
3	Service wad extremely slow with lots of open tables.  I waited about 30 mins.  Im not a fan of Dennys but my mom loves it so we went.  Our waitress was very  Nice but good was alright I guess.  My whole wheat peacan pancakes were very dry.  Best part were the bananas on top. My mother ordered the skillet with potatoes sausage and that I can say was tasty. Maybe I'll order that if she forces me to go.  Prices werent to bad I guess.
4	Looking for an tasty, inexpensive place to shake off the hangover and refuel before starting up again? You KNOW Denny's is the place!Love the pancakes and the frosty new coffee drinks are delish. Enough of pork and grease here to soak up all the bad toxins. There's always a line out front, but don't worry, they have the system mastered so it moves really fast, including headsets for the hostess station team.One of the few places you can grab a big breakfast and not blow the bank in Vegas....Leaving you more dough for the casinos!
3	In my own personal opinion, the best Denny's in the world is worth no more than 3 stars out of 5. Guess what, Las Vegas Dennys? You fucking earned it in my book. Our server was absolutely wonderful and catered to each and every one of our hungover requests. Thank you for buttering our bread and not judging us too intensely for bringing in our own bloody marys that we purchased for nineteen dollars off the strip. Dennys, of all of the choices available to us, you were one of them. Wear the "Best Dennys in America" badge proud and keep up the good work!!
2	Food is ok the usual for Denny's but this one you need to look at the dishes. Almost every dish had dried food on them.
4	My husband and I ate here 2-3 when we were in Vegas in June. The first time was the best time. Maybe because it was early morning and there weren't many people in the place, but overall we found it very convenient and the food was good. The service was OK....not bad but not great. Overall, this was my favorite breakfast place while we were there.
1	They didn't post the wait time correctly.  Our waitress was good but my country fried steak and eggs were horrible. The steak looked and tasted like the "steak" fingers served in elementary school. Horrible. My over easy eggs were well done. The yokes were cooked through and through.
2	Usually Denny's is safe if all you want is cheap/easy/quick diner food. It's hard to screw up most breakfast items. They also have a "wait time" placard on the front door, but didn't mark it with the actual wait time. We went in thinking there was no wait time, to find out there was a 15minute wait (which at least wasn't too long). So it's disappointing when "over easy" eggs come out cooked all the way through. The French toast was alright, but not great. Probably wouldn't go to this location again.
3	It is a Denny's so I am not going to rate it as anything else.  It was fast and the food was hot.  No problems with service.  They do crowd you in and you are very close to people you don't know.  You do have a good view of the strip.  Price is a bit more then a regular Denny's would be.  Guess you pay for where you are at.  Not bad would probably come again.
2	I understand it is on the strip and busy, but if your going to post a sign in your door stating wait time...update itThe service was really less than favorable. And really only one kids menu in the entire restaurant. Food was average as usual at Denny's.
3	This Denny's is very convenient to the Monte Carlo and the MGM Grand Hotels.  It is open 24 hours and has no big problems.  Sometimes the wait is long, so get there early.  The music is often too LOUD.  The waiters are friendly and as efficient as feasible in light of their work load.  Its food is ok, but it is not a fine dining experience, of course.  I have eaten there many times and expect to do so again on my next visit to Las Vegas.
2	Super busy and the food is overcooked. My over medium eggs had a hard yoke. My medium steak was hard and crispy around the edges. I'm starving so I'm going to eat it.
5	Came here for breakfast and was bowled over on the quality of the food and the speed of the service.  The restaurant was full and there seemed to be quite a few people waiting to be seated. I thought "oh no" as we were in a hurry (Isn't everyone?). But we were seated in under 3 minutes, received our drinks about 2 minutes later and our breakfast about 7 minutes after that.  The food was hot and delicious. All the employees were polite and helpful. My friend and I were there for a work convention, and I quite frankly wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised.  The parking was in a structure close by about 3 floors up, which also was better than I expected. I do not frequent Denny's back home but will have to give it a re-think, at least for breakfast.
3	We placed ourselves on the wait list and was told by the hostess or wait time would be less than 20 minutes.   Thirty minutes and three groups went ahead of us, so my friend went inside to check on the status of our seating.   To our shock,  the hostess started a new list.   No apologies for her error.  Brendan,our waiter, was friendly and nice. Our food was served fast.
1	Don't waste your money here. I am a Denny's fan but this location can't be corporate and if a franchise it is not being managed at all! I made 2 attempts to eat here. The first attempt  I was seated at a dirty table... filthy actually. Waited 20 minutes for coffee. The coffee was watery and smelled burnt. Then I waited another 10 minutes for another version of the same. I promptly left and went next door to Outback Steak where I got fresh coffee great food and service. Tonight I thought I would try Denny's again. BTW my home is Marin CA where I ate at Denny's every day until they closed. So tonight I was seated in a section of the restaurant which had no server.  I was told the other section...the front of the restaurant was too busy which is why I was seated in the back. Again, the same scenario I waited 10 minutes and no server. I kept looking behind me and I could see a female manager and 3 employees just milling around. Finally in passing I told the hostess and asked why she sat us in a section with no server. She said she did not know.In summary there are so many good places near by don't waste your time and money.
1	Worst. Breakfast. Ever. I wanted to like this spot. It was a free breakfast promotion through MGM, so I had very low expectations....even so, I left feeling as if I'd been robbed... Watered down coffee. Rubbery eggs. But the worst was the sausage patty that purported to be chicken, but I suspect cardboard was the main ingredient. It is all set in a bowling alley of a dining room, and the coffee always managed to be cold by the time it was poured into my cup. It WAS a free breakfast. You get what you pay for. You couldn't pay me to eat there again ....
