3	Ate the Family Dinner for 25.95 with chicken broccolli and General Tso's.  The sauces were not heavy or too sticky, well executed.  Crab rangoon better than usual as well as the egg roll.  The fried shrimp were ok nothing special.  Also had hot and sour soup, which to me is a good indicator of a chinese restaurant.  They have to have the dark mushrooms and the sour vegetable to be decent , NY Chinese passed.  I have not had enough of the menu yet but the fried rice was excellent and the vegetable lo-mein was very good.  If I find it to be better or same  in future stops, I will raise my rating as this place just opened.  So far I say we may have a great place in the making.
3	This restaurant deserves a solid 3.5 rating in my book. There is a lot to like about this place. For example, the food is fresh, the portions are substantial, and the prices are reasonable. There are several lunch specials to choose from that include your choice of won-ton, hot & sour, or egg drop soup. I opted for the chicken and string bean special  with hot & sour soup. Their version of hot & sour soup was outstanding! It was perfect for a cold day and was just spicy enough. Although the chicken used in my dish was not the best quality, the green beans were cooked perfectly. Once I asked for chili oil, my lunch was complete. My wife opted for the cashew chicken and was marginally satisfied. She wasn't exactly thrilled about the fatty chicken used in the dish. My smaller kids split the chicken and broccoli dish and seemed to enjoy it.The service is actually pretty good for a take-out Chinese restaurant.  Our drinks were re-filled in a timely manner, and our dishes were cleared immediately. For a party of 5, our bill was about $28.00 not including tip. I don't know if I would choose this place over my favorite Chinese restaurants in town. However, this does make a great place to stop if you want a quick lunch that is actually pretty good.
4	WOW.....I mean, wow. I loved my recent visit to this restaurant. The people are very friendly and the place is clean. The food came out hot and fast. We ordered a few lunch specials and they all were very tasty. I have to give props to the veggies. Meat and veggies usually do not cook at the same rate. This is something even a novice chef knows. But time and again people cook everything at the same time and it leads to overdone meat and underdone veg. NY Chinese has perfected the art of an excellent combination. I would like to take this moment to gush about my fave part of the meal. THE WON-TON SOUP! Dude, I seriously doubt you will ever find another broth that can beat the one they have at NY. The dumplings have a texture to them that leads me to believe that they are scratch made. Not only are the dumplings delish, but they add slivers of BBQ pork as a garnish to the soup. Nice touch!A few side notes: the chicken in my dish had a few too many fatty pieces. Also, they were cut in different sizes. What I mean is some were sliced for stir-fry, some were cubed. I'm a stickler for consistency. Great place for take-out or dine in.
5	We ordered the Orange Chicken lunch platter and shared it. The food was fresh and delicious and the portion size perfect for 2 people.
3	This review is based on my take-out order.  I came here to order just Won Ton soup but after checking out the menu I couldn't resist the great deal they had for the Family Dinner. It's a good value for what you get.  Choice of 3 soups (Won Ton, Hot&Sour and Egg Drop) got the Won Ton - the dumpling was pretty meaty and wrap texture was al dente, chewy bite to it. (I like it cooked more and softer)  The broth was full of flavor, steamy hot, sprinkled with bits of chopped green onions and slivers of char siu pork, for me it was pretty basic and just a tad salty though  Mr B. says I have hypersensitive taste buds and he thought this was the best Won Ton soup by far. 3 different appetizers are also included; egg rolls, crab rangoons, and fried shrimp. Egg Rolls had a crunchy outer layer but wrapper inside was a little chewy, filling of veggies and pork was pretty good, but a little greasy. Crab rangoons had alot of filling and fried shrimp was okay..more batter than shrimp. Entrees - choice of TWO! Got the Pork Egg Foo Yung and Sweet and Sour Pork. EFY came with 3 huge thick patties and separate container full of brown gravy. Cooked perfectly. This was my favorite dish. Also the S&S Pork did not disappoint.  It's the westernized version where pork is coated in batter and deep fried. Nice chunk of bite size juicy pork, but batter was on the thicker side.  S&S sauce is like every other place. I liked the sauce and pork were packed separately for take out. Big plus for me is choice of brown rice in this meal. Or you can have Pork Fried Rice or steamed rice.Dining area is small,  but plenty of seating, layout of tables and chairs are designed to fit at least 7 tables of 4.  There is also a large screen TV. Artwork on the walls and pretty water feature and bamboo plants as part of the decor. The kitchen in the back looks pretty snazzy and clean as well. Service was....curt... employee at counter took my order which at first was misunderstood, said I ordered some dish as my first entree, but I never told employee my first choice. No apology for mistake, no welcome, no small talk even when I tried to initiate it.  Pretty much straightforward till I got my order was when employee managed to crack a smile and say thank you.   So overall 3.5ish. Counter service could use little more improvement. Food is pretty good it hits the spot when craving Chinese food, I appreciate the choices and menu selections. The prices they charge are very reasonable and servings were more than enough
1	Counter service is bad, I mean really bad. The kid behind the counter can't seem to understand line order and was asking people their orders as though it was an auction.  Most of the customers seemed irritated. After waiting over 30 minutes for a to go order, I got back to the hotel (5 mins away) to find the food tasteless. Not only that but the sesame chicken was so chewy it was hardly considered edible. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
3	Service ... Needs to improve but the food is surprisingly good. Shanghai noodles is excellent. I am sure the service upfront will get better. I think main issue is language. The food is good. I was not expecting much totally surprised. Give it a try.
5	I read some of the negative reviews, and I just didn't have their experience!I've gotten take out twice this week, Monday ad Friday. Monday I tried the Shrimp with Lobster sauce, which had very large shrimp, and was off the hook, great! I also got an order of (2) egg rolls. Best egg rolls I've had in Vegas, and I've lived here for 18 years. Friday I got the war wonton soup, which was full of BBQ pork, large shrimp, great wontons, and lots of veggies. Also got another order of the egg rolls.I live 1 minute from china a go go, but will not go back to them. That place smells like a grease pit!
5	I'm rounding up from 4.5 to 5, because rounding down would be unfair.There is a nuance to New York (or east coast) style Chinese food that you have to have grown up with to completely understand.  The differences are subtle...meat and veggies cooked into the egg patty in Egg Fu Yung...Chow Mein with crunchy veggies like celery and sprouts and meat, no noodles...egg rolls with pork...Won Ton Soup with a heartier broth and thicker wontons, and slices of BBQ pork.  These are the things that set the styles apart.In my (holy crap) 19 years living on the west coast, I have yet to find a Chinese place that serves real New York style.  Don't get me wrong...I have had some magnificent Chinese since moving here...some really great tasting stuff.  But nothing that reminds me of the east coast...and home.Until now.New York Chinese in Henderson (on Green Valley, next to the new Target) is good in a New York sort of way.  The food - though I highly recommend asking for no MSG - was delicious from first bite to leftovers.Won Ton Soup:  Perfect wontons, big and thick with a great meat stuffing.  They have held up nicely to several days in the fridge as leftovers.  The broth is rich and flavorful and has ample pieces of BBQ pork to round out the package.Egg Rolls:  FINALLY, I have found a place where I can get the egg rolls of my youth.  Nicely fried, perfect stuffing, good size...I had 2 at lunch and brought home 3 for later.  Complaint:  they serve sweet and sour sauce not duck sauce...Spare Ribs:  Meaty and flavorful.  They were outstanding...not too fatty, not too much sauce.  Excellent.Shrimp with Lobster Sauce:  Again, just right...not too much garlic, lots of egg and sauce, so the rice had something to stick to...it was really really good.BBQ Fried Rice:  Very good...and it was served as a side on the very ample lunch special.  Usually, places like this offer veggie fried rice...so the pork was a nice add.  Complaint:  peas and carrots in my rice...a west coast staple, but not very east coast.Overall, the meal was perfect and this is my now must-have, go-to lunch spot when I visit the family in the Vegas area.4.5 stars...lost the half for the MSG, the no duck sauce and the peas and carrots...all minor.
4	I ordered the shrimp lobster sauce (pork fried rice) and kung pao chicken (brown rice) dinner combination, both with wonton soup. I also added another order of egg rolls as they seemed to be popular based on previous reviews. I got to say, the title caught my eye because most places with "New York" in front of it ends up being a deli, pizza, or hot dog place.The prices are fair (dinner combinations ranging from $8.25 to $8.95). The one comparison that does not seem logical are the family specials that include the same exact thing as ordering two dinner combinations. Kudos for being the first Chinese restaurant that gives the option for brown rice.The set-up for the dining area is extremely small with a large kitchen in the back. Spacious, but only 6 tables that seats 4, and 2 tables that seat 2. It was quite busy being 7:00 p.m. since I imagine most Chinese places are known for being take out.The food was great. The Kung Pao was loaded with vegetables, but that is the usual nowadays. Eat the peppers to get the spice in. The shrimp was salty, but that is also expected from Shrimp w/ Lobster sauce. However, the fried rice, wonton soup, and crab rangoons are EXCELLENT!
5	This place has the best Chinese food in our area! I'm not a big Chinese food fan, but I really enjoyed the food and will be coming back again! The fried rice is amazing!
1	Sat down at 5:20 Saturday evening with a party of  six.  The tea was Luke warm at best. The waitress did not belong in that position.  It is the only restaraunt were they served a plate at a time and to a varity of tables.  My was the first to be served her warm shrimp with lobster sauce at 6:00. The rest of the table was seved their dinner in a span of 30 minutes, except of me.  My entree of orange chicken over rice never made it to me.  At 6:40 I walked out hungry and irritated.
4	Great food! The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the spice mustard is watered down.
5	They earned the extra half star...the offer duck sauce in packets! and you can order the fried rice without the carrots and peas.  They did a large "to go" order for me that I carried 300+ miles home and it held up amazingly!  Yum!
3	The best option for to-go Chinese in this area of Henderson.  The flavors and prep method are very east coast.  Nice amount of vegetables in the dishes and the meat appears to be of decent quality.  Online ordering, no MSG and brown rice are nice offerings.  Egg rolls are very good - just enough crunch.  Portions are on par with other places and the prices are great.
2	Ordered two sesame chicken lunch specials to go. Waited about 37 mins while my buddy and three others who ordered before me had already had their meals ready. Next time ill just call it in which I advise everyone else to do. The pork fried rice is the best in town.
1	I read some of the negative reviews about this place, but I tried it anyways. I called in a takeout order, and was told it would be ready in 30 minutes, strike one, my wife showed up in 35 minutes and the food wasn't ready. She had to wait an additional 15 minutes. When my wife got home we unpacked the food, and found that they shorted us the large order of chicken lo mein, strike 2! The only receipt that they gave us was the credit card receipt, so I couldn't tell if we were/weren't charged for it. ( we had ordered 6 things). I called up and the young girl got an attitude when I told her that they made a mistake. She pulled me up by my phone number and said right away that I wasn't charged for it, I said that's not my issue, my issue is that I ordered it, and I wanted it, as this was the only dish that my wife likes. Again the girl said they didn't charge me, I said I would pay or it, but I wanted it made right away. Well, instead of saying yes, she said no, they were busy and it would take at least 20 minutes. So, the fact that they have pretty good food just went out the window! I've had to wait on another occasion past the promise time. THE FOOD DOESN'T OFF SET THE POOR SERVICE AND BAD ATTITUDE! They lost a customer for good!
5	This place is great! Reasonably priced and I am from NY and like their food! I do not know if the name is just NY or they are from NY but they make good food! We have been looking for a good take out Chinese place since July 2012, tried about three others including China Tango and Panda Express ( very chain like) this place is bar far the best in town!We had the general TSO Chicken, very good and tasty sauce, a bit spicy for me but it was good! General TSO is usually spicy so I cant complain.Good also was the spring rolls, the lo mein and the chicken and broccoli, I look fwd to trying some of their other dishes and lunch specials in the future.
5	My family and I are originally from the east coast (NY & CT) and we are SO glad to have found this place! We have suffered through sub-par Chinese cuisine for several years and can not believe this place has been here all along!  (Thanks to Eat24 for the head's up!)The egg rolls are spot-on! JUST LIKE HOME! Big, crispy and absolutely delicious! The wonton soup is second to none! Ribs, General Tso's chicken, Lo Mein, Fried rice... all just like we remember! Always great value and fast service! We will never order from another Chinese food establishment as long as we are in Vegas/Henderson!
4	I am so excited to have this place so close to my house! Finally decided to give it a shot after driving by on my way to Target all the time. The thing that really pushed me into trying NYC is that you can order online. It's an introvert's dream. I was super-pleasantly surprised to see two features: one, they have dinner combinations (most places only have lunch combos) and two, they still give you your soup when you do a takeout order. YAY! The combo includes the entree, rice (pork fried, white or brown), your choice of soup, an eggroll, crab rangoon and a packet of fried wontons. For $8.25. Amazing. I ordered my standard Mongolian beef and found it delicious. Not a gristly piece of meat to be found, great sauce and plenty of onions. I ordered it mild, which translated to no spice at all, so I will go medium next time and see what that's like. Pork fried rice, of course. Not the best I've ever had, but pretty tasty. I chose wonton soup, which was delicious. The broth was great and there were 3 giant, freshly made wontons in it (filled with some sort of meat). I was not a fan of the eggroll. Kinda tough and had an overpowering celery-like taste to it. The rangoon was awesome (let's be honest, they're always awesome). The fried wontons were superfluous, but good. The portions are big. You really get a lot of food for the price. I'm a big eater and I didn't come close to finishing everything. Fortunately, that just means leftovers :)My order was ready to go the minute I walked in the door. Everyone was very friendly. All in all, a pretty great spot!
5	I read some of the negative reviews about this place, but I tried it anyways. I called in a takeout order, and was told it would be ready in 30 minutes, it did take a little longer, but the food is the best in town, and the portions are generous!
2	The food is bland here.  Maybe that's how some like their Chinese food - or any food for that matter, but not me.  Had the following items:-dinner combo (chicken lo mein and fried rice) w/ wonton soup, eggroll, crab rangoon-beef & mushrooms w/ steamed riceCons:-bland flavor all around-thick wonton wrappers - I don't like having to chew through thick wonton skin especially in my soups-chewy eggrollPros:-huge dinner combo portion-price (under $15 for everything)I've definitely had better elsewhere; most likely not a return for me.  I guess if you're looking for quantity over quality, then go for it and try it out.  If you seek quality flavor, then it's an easy skip.
4	I was highly recommended by a friend to try this restaurant. I decided to give it a try yesterday, and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered egg fried rice, orange chicken, beef lo mein and chicken with snow peas. The food was delicious! I'm excited to have a good Chinese take-out restaurant near my house.
2	This place is what I would call Chinese food for Americans. I am a little biased however because I was raised eating Chinese food prepared in the Hong Kong style. We had the General Tso's chicken, fried rice and the roast pork. I ordered the roast prok hoping for some fatty goodness bu instead was served the red, dry type, called char siu.However the prices are very cheap and it is really close to my house. I am going to try them again but order some different thing off of the menu.If you think Pandas is good Chinese food yo will like this place,
4	Delicious! The food is always hot and fresh. Its near my house and they deliver! They are reasonably priced too. If you are paying with a card, they bring the m machine with them.  I usually let them know " this will be on the card" . I am hungry thinking about it.  I love  their fries, yes i said fries! It's so convinent and they  have amazingly nice service!  It's small inside, so thank goodness they have delivery as well.
5	The food was great and the servings are enormous.  Lots of leftovers.  Excellent service too.
5	New York Chinese is awesome.. My boyfriend and I won't eat Chinese any where else. The takeout menu comes with soup, which are all delicious. And their portions are large, especially for the price!
5	I'm a born and raised New Yorker and have been living out here for six years.  I've found most of the Chinese food out here to be disappointing.  This place is 100% spot on in doing New York style Chinese food and I'm always weary when any place implies New York style. Another reviewer stated this was Chinese food for Americans and gave it a bad rating.  The name of the place is "New York" Chinese, not Hong Kong.  Last I checked New York was in American, not China.   That's like going to the best Pizza place in town and saying it wasn't good because you're used to Pizza from Italy.  Like with any ethnic food, there are two types:  Americanized and Authentic.  I happen to love both!  Americanized Chinese food has it's place and for the most part, the American-style Chinese restaurants in Vegas stink.  The Low Down:Won Ton Soup - Awesome!  the Won Tons are made how I'm used to back home.Egg Roll - Amen!  I've been longing for this for quite some time.  Again, exactly like what I'm used to.  I've had such a hard time finding good egg rolls.Kung Pao Chicken - Again, Awesome.  NY doesn't really have a style with this, but it was simply good.Pork Fried Rice - Just what you'd expect.  Nothing special, but it was good. My one little tip to get the NY experience:  when you get the noodles and duck sauce in the beginning, ask for the spicy mustard and mix it with the duck sauce.
3	This place always has good food for a good price with a quick delivery for those who wish to eat at home. But one thing I'm learning is to EAT AT HOME. Take it To-Go! For some reason, there's a horrible smell of something rotting and the tiny place is crammed with tables. As for the food, it is good for what you get, don't expect anything extravagant but you get what you paid for. Service isn't the friendliest but I suppose it gets the job done.
2	I was very disappointed in the dish I ordered.  I had the chicken lo mein and there was no flavor.   The meal tasted like soggy noodles.  The crab Rangoon appetizer was good but I won't go back.
5	We LOVE this place!!  Best Chinese food we've had in the Valley, by a MILE!  Yes, as Timothy said, the place is Chinese food for Americans.  If you want authentic Chinese cuisine, you usually won't find it at a take-out place.  Don't get that rating.  Anyway, the service is great, efficient and friendly.  I've ordered probably 20 different menu items and never been disappointed in the least.  Sometimes they're a little slow in clearing off the tables for new guests, but they're just really busy, so I guess that's a good sign.  I can't really say anything bad about this place.   Very affordable too.  Love it!!
5	Reviews are subject to your expectations. I expected nothing exciting, but found my new favorite neighborhood Chinese food joint for miles around. Finally!!  Been here 9 years and have been subject to bland greasy carry out joints until this little gem came to the neighborhood. The food is fresh, big portions and very affordable. Very friendly young staff. Thank you. We will be back many times.
3	I would rate the food a five. But trying to order it over the phone is horrible. We are always told to wait and have been forgotten a number of times.My advise is to eat in, not order for pickup.
4	Good food, good service, reasonable prices.  What more do you want?
3	Service was quick and friendly.  Price was reasonable.  But food was at par level.  Not wonderful and not bad either.  One or two bites of my Kung Pao Chicken tasted a little off.  Everything else was fine.
4	Everything is great except for the quality of chicken. Stick with beef and you should be in great shape.
4	IMO, nothing beats NY Chinese food...and this is it. I haven't been able to find decent Chinese food since moving out here, I spotted this place one day and saw it was called New York Chinese and went "We'll see about that... "*cut to me ordering take out* Oh. My. Gad. I'm friggin' home. It's reeeeally good and exactly what I'm used to. No, it's nothing like Pei Wei or Panda or any of those sup par cat food places.  Stop comparing it. Just go here. Now. The wonton soup alone is freaking amazing.
1	Hey, were you all at the same New York Chinese Restaurant on Green Valley & Horizon Ridge we were?  It was terrible.  Went there last Saturday.  The tables were all dirty from people who had left.  We were there for 1 hour and they were never cleaned up the dirty tables.   We waited for our food for 45 mins. My friend's came first with no silverware or napkins.  Had to ask for them, waitress brought silverware but no napkins.  I had to wait for 10 mins. for my food. The food was just okay.  They had take-out orders and people were in restaurant and they had to wait 45 mins.  Couple of people  came back with their take-out order because they were wrong.  There must have been 6-7 people working and it was completely disorganized.  Other people felt the same way that were waiting.  Never again.  Wake up.
5	This place was a real positive surprise! If you are ever in the area, the food is great! What it lacks in ambiance, it makes up for in quality at a great price!
2	So the food was edible and the place seemed clean.  Ordered from grub hub for pickup in 30 minutes.  I got there in 35.  Took them 10 minutes from that point to drop my eggrolls into oil.  total wait in restaurant was 28 minutes.  Food was not very good.  8 of 8 in the family gave it thumbs down.  Some stuff to salty (pork dumplings), other stuff flavorless Eggrolls.  Out of 9 items I could only give 1 of them even 3 stars (ribs)  though my wife did not like them at all.
4	We stopped in to try them for lunch. I am glad we did!  We were greeted immediately by the very friendly lady behind the counter.  She was over to get our drink order as we looked over the menu.   Everything she did, she did with a smile.  Our drinks were brought out quickly as was our lunch order.  They have great lunch specials that come with soup, rice and a crab rangoon.  Yum.  I had ordered the shrimp and broccoli with the brown rice. The shrimp were large and the broccoli was steamed to perfection.  Delicious.  The wonton soup that accompanied my meal was also fabulous.  Great flavor in everything I ate.  There is plenty of parking all around and their quaint little restaurant was very clean.  I was happy to finally try them! Thanks NY Chinese!
5	By far THE BEST Chinese food in town. The Lo Mein is probably the most tasteful I've ever had. My wife says it's because the recipes are from New York; whatever the reason, this place has spoiled me. I won't go anywhere else!
2	New York Chinese. Not quite. Don't let the name fool you. When I saw Butterfly Shrimp on the online menu I was overjoyed,when I saw the Butterfly Shrimp on my plate I was far from overjoyed. It was like shrimp egg foo yung with bacon. One piece instead of individually wrapped shrimp. All three dishes we ordered were soaked in the same brown sauce. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't great. Zero individuality between the dishes. It was a let down & we won't return.
2	Tried this restaurant for the first time today.  Did an online order and picked it up.  Ordering and pick up went smoothly.There was a lot of food, the ingredients appeared to be there and it was hot.  I don't like mushrooms so I was not happy to find them in my cashew chicken.There simply was nothing that tasted good.  It's not like we have a lot of great Chinese food restaurants here in Henderson, but after 30 years of having good Chinese in other cities I think I know  bland and bad.Orange chicken was gross, chicken egg rolls were hard and dry.  Chicken fried rice was bland and didn't taste good.  An overall D grade would be about right.
2	They were great when they first opened, but went downhill quickly.After 5 times, I stopped going.
2	Pretty disappointed with the food here. All I can say is bland!I was craving Chinese food, and I couldn't resist the ease of ordering online through yelp and the cheap prices, so I decided to give this place a go. I ordered the black bean chicken and pork fried rice, totaling about $10. Like I said, great prices, but the lack of flavor just isn't worth the price! Black bean chicken is always my go to dish, so I have a lot of places to compare it to, and this is way down on the bottom of my list. There was plenty of sauce covering the chicken and vegetables, but it was completely tasteless! The fried rice wasn't quite as big of a let down as the chicken, but it was still just mediocre. If you just want cheap Chinese food, then this place is for you. But if you care even just a little bit about flavor, then I'd go elsewhere.
4	We had a very good meal here yesterday. My bf had the chicken curry dinner combo. The curry was delicious, perfectly spicy with plenty of vegetables. I had the chicken egg foo yung dinner combo. Both came with choice of soup, rice and egg roll and crab rangoon (we chose wonton soup and brown rice). The egg foo yung was some of the best I've ever had - light, crispy and flavorful. The egg rolls were the awesome big ones - not to be confused with lame spring rolls. :)Service and food was fast. Food arrived to our table fresh and piping hot. We ate inside the restaurant. Ambiance was casual and low-key with a TV and the game going, but it was the type of dinner we were looking for and the staff were friendly. There were no bland foods on our plates. Not sure why some reviewers used the term "bland" - all the items I tasted had plenty of flavor, and I am a fan of spicy and "ethnic" foods. Portion sizes were good and there were leftovers.I would definitely eat at this cool little east-coast-style chinese restaurant again.
4	Hot and sour soup excellent. Shrimp with lobster sauce really good and Mongolian beef also really good. Service was quick and pleasant. With the combination dinner you get soup, large egg roll and a crab Rangoon. Couldn't finish everything. Good for tomorrow.
3	Food is very good.  Service is poor.  AC never seems to be turned up enough.  Employees are kind of rude.  Get take out so you don't have to sit in the place.
5	This is my go-to Chinese place near my house. My sister and I probably get takeout here once every week or two whenever we're in the mood for Chinese. They opened about 2 years ago, I believe. We've been going here ever since. The food we get is always consistently delicious and we've never had a problem with our orders. We usually order online which makes everything much easier for us & them.Only gripe I have is that they don't serve salt & pepper squid! My favorite Chinese places in the NYC/NJ area have salt & pepper squid on their menus and I miss it so much. Still trying to find a place here that serves this dish.
5	This place is incredible. We always order ahead and food is ready or nearly ready when we arrive. Chicken fried rice is some of the best I have had. We always get a meal combo. 2 or 3 items at a reasonable price and can feed the two of us with enough for lunch the next day. Josie likes the won ton soup. Will have me stop if she is under the weather. It's magic. Staff is super friendly. And they remember you when you come back. If your in Henderson you can't go wrong.
2	I'm sure they have some things that are good but I suggest to not get the sweet and sour chicken. Not very good flavor.
3	I ordered the spare rib combo with pork fried rice and a side of won ton soup. There was only 4 ribs. They were ok I guess....There was a lot of chewy fat so I probably wouldn't order it again. The rice however was good. Very flavorful. Haven't had the won ton soup yet. Maybe if I get hungry later tonight.
4	We were pleasantly surprised by our meal here. I understand the NYC concept of good food fast with limited seating out front and they nailed it.We ordered a family meal, two dinner dishes and tried a combined total of about 5 different dishes. The other patrons were staring as the server kept bring plate after plate to our table but we were only sampling and bagging dishes up as the new ones came out so don't know why we were getting weird looks!The Spicy LoMein was a home run. Perfectly spicy and shrimp were plentiful. The General Tso chicken had good flavor and plenty of Broccoli. The vegetable LoMein was delicious and reminded me of a dish I grew eating. Thanks for that wonderful memory. Had been years since I thought of that dish.There were a lot of take out orders that night, be sure to not sit in the asile to the counter as you will be getting bumped as people push in past you. Also as the sun sets you will be blinded by it so make sure you aren't in the path of the sunbeam our you will spend half your time their squinting at your dinner partners. All in all it was a great experience and we enjoyed leftovers for days.
3	I order from here often, although this company does have on-line ordering I personally use "eat24.com" for my orders.I rated it at 3 stars as it always a 50/50 chance when it comes to taste.  I have had great flavor able dishes and then others:  not so much.  I would avoid the chop-suey  and order the Mongolian beef.Spicy means just that here! Use caution. Delivery is fast and my food is always hot.
5	Love this place. Google service , the food was delicious. I would recommend this place
5	a hidden gem of wonderful Chinese food...they do mostly take out but there is seating...never, ever had a bad meal there...would recommend it to anyone looking for quick and delicious Chinese food.
5	Yummy! First time ordering food for delivery. Was fast and tastes amazing!! We ordered Hot & spicy beef, house fried rice, chicken lo mein (which is like chow mein lol ), shrimp in garlic sauce & the meat egg rolls. LOVED IT ALL! Def will be my new go to for Chinese delivery!
5	Delicious! I stopped in here for my lunch break and they were fast and kind to me. I got the beef and broccoli lunch special. Seriously such a steal! It comes with your entree, rice (I got the pork fried rice, which was excellent!), a crab Rangoon (my fave), and your choice of soup (I picked war wonton!). All of that cost me like $7. Absolutely lovely. Doesn't taste anything like it costed!
4	The staff can be a little rude and can't speak English well, but the food is MUCH BETTER than Panda Express and PF Chang. They have lunch specials that is good and the price is awesome! Since I live a couple blocks away, I would order and pick it up to eat at home. The food taste good and the spareribs is great.
2	I tried this place when it first opened and it was pretty good. But  today I was quite disappointed. First of all this is not New York style Chinese food.  The picture on their website shows their wonton soup New York style but I did not get anything like that. The large soup had just a few shreds of pork and scallions in it that it was not enough to share with 2 people but it was also sooo salty we couldn't eat it. Their pork fried rice was terrible again loaded with too much salt and had some sort of distinct flavor that I have never had in fried rice before. I will say their fried chicken wings were good. Also thank goodness I grabbed some condiments on the way out because they did not even put a fork, spoon or any sauces in my takeout bag (except the sauce that went with the chicken wings). I did read some reviews said some days are better than others ....well  we all know how annoying it is to get a bad meal.
1	Disgusting. Cashew chicken should be called Celery Cihicken that tastes like the dirt it grew in. Wife orders General's chicken had good flavor but suspect texture and my wife found a piece of plastic embedded in a piece. We threw at least 1/2 the meal away. Maybe the worst Chinese I've ever had.
5	The food here was excellent. And yes there is a difference in NY Chinese food. My wife who was raised in NY said this was the Chinese food she had when she was a kid. And my favorite thing about this place is the Lunch specials huge portions. Two specials only coast me about 14 bucks, what a deal.
5	I have eaten in the restaurant and ordered on line today through eat24hours.com, not realizing I had been there before.  I think this place is fabulous.  The portions were huge, the flavors great, delivery was about average for delivery.  My order was complete.  Like the name reflects New York (American) Chinese.  This will become one of my favorites.
4	Best Take out Chinese Food Ive had in Henderson. My father in law is New Yorker and is very picky about his Chinese Cuisine. And this was a hit with him and the rest of us!
1	This food was disgusting it's nothing like it is in New York and they pre cook all their chicken so when you order it they just drop it back into the wok so it is very dry and bad quality in general the sauces they add to the food and I tried all were horrible !!!
3	I had the chicken & cashews and the shrimp and fried rice. I ordered the family dinner for 4. It is a good value. I'm glad they had Won Ton Soup, but the meat in the wan tons tasted very funny....a lot different from other restaurants, and it looked weird too. Overall, good and quick Chinese food, but nothing I would rave about.
2	I've had food delivered from here twice. The first time was good enough for me to want to order a second time. The second time I found a long hair in my food; so that was the end of that.
4	This place was good and I will be back! Yummy egg drop soup - just hot enough but not too hot and definitely tasted homemade.
4	My friend and I picked up dinner here last night. We ordered the egg rolls, hot n sour soup, ma po tofu, sweet and sour chicken and house special lomein. I was hesitant to try this place, but I'm glad did.  This place is the closest thing I have found to Chinese food back east! I'm so excited! First of all, they have actual egg rolls! Not spring rolls that they serve everywhere else.  Second, I order hot n sour soup every time I eat Chinese and theirs is on point. Exactly how I like mine.  The food was fresh looking and tasting. The shrimp in our lo mein were cleaned, as opposed to a previous review. When we asked for hot mustard they gave us the house made good stuff.  I will def be back.
4	Great egg drop soup, wonton soup and chicken with vegetables!! The general chicken is super spicy though!
4	I found out about this place after I'd gotten stuck in my office for lunch. I was happy to know they delivered since I couldn't leave. The service was quick and the food arrived piping hot. I'd ordered the curry chicken which was definitely much spicier than I'd hoped but nonetheless it was good. For lunch you get soup, your meal choice plus rice, and a yummy wonton all at a decent price. Happy I found this joint.
3	solid neighborhood chinese joint. service is friendly but spotty. the first time i was in, i saw the waiter butcher an old lady's order next to me. they got there before me but (hopefully) got her food after i finished eating and left. food is solid. american chinese takeout food. lunch specials and dinner specials are good deals with generous portions of food.
1	Not coming back. Under staffed and not very efficient at running the restaurant. Made me wait too long standing up. My back hurts too much.
1	If I could give this craphole 0 stars I would. Placed a delivery order 2.5 hours ago... Called twice to check the status and the Asians just pick up the phone and put it down and never pick it back up again!
1	After placing my order online, I needed to change my payment type after choosing the wrong one. It took 3 times before I could even get through. When someone finally answered, there was no greeting. They finally told me to hold on. After waiting for 10 minutes, I hung up and tried back. Same thing. They picked up but said nothing. I was finally loud enough and they rudely told me to hold on. After another 25 minutes, I called from another phone and got through. When I told them how long I had been on hold, she was dismissive. I brought it up again and same result.   I was told an additional 15 minutes which would have made it 45 minutes. It took an hour and a half. If this is how they treat customers, I can find another Chinese restaurant to order from.
1	Ordered at 7:10p on a Saturday... almost 9p and no call or update on restaurant. Then I called. They said my order was just done and in the same conversation they driver was 5 mins away. Which is it?No delivery yet!!!Food good, but could have made my own Chinese food in 2 hrs as well...Get better service and communicate with customers if you are busy...
5	I've dined here several time now and have been very impressed.  The food is prepared just the way I like it.  For take out or dine in, this is my go to place.
