4	It's not like I needed any persuasion to come here but KOMP 92.3 was giving away FREE bbq, NHRA race tickets, a $3K bbq grill ,concert,movie and comedy tickets plus  lots more.Entering the shopping center here you can smell the bbq and damn was I hungry. After signing up for the drawing I had to get a full meal.Even though they had a feast at their tent you could grub from. I wanted my own!!Suprisingly there was no wait to be seated and we got the table right next to the fireplace.My son & I decided on the 3 meat combo w/St Louis Ribs,Beef Brisket & Chopped pork. 2 sides come with it so we got their incredible Wilbur Beans & Drunkin Apples. Plus 2 drinks $21!!The service here is great, fast & friendly very helpful and quite entertaining too.So, no suprise the food came out quickly---The chopped pork is the BEST! Smoky,crunchy and so tender & moist. The ribs are great but I like mine dry-rubbed no sauce. The brisket is great but has no crunch and they sauced it too.The sides here are incredible bbq eats. The Wilbur beans are so good with brisket & chopped link in it. The drunkin apples are quite a delight too. Amaretto sauce over tender sliced apples sprinkled with cinnamon.The meal was great-no doggie bag needed here. The service was fun & friendly and the whole atmosphere takes you back to the county fair & bbq cook-offs. The trophies are impressive but the fact the nail it every time out is more impressive. I have tried over 40 bbq place s in Vegas and I still say Dave's is the BEST  !!
4	Maybe it was just because I was starving - but I ate my entire plate of bbq ribs here and it was really good.It started off a little sketchy.  The parking lot wasn't really full around 5:30 on a saturday ... we were sat quickly.  Waitress came with water and managed to spill it all over herself, the table, and 2 of us at the table.  Yikes!So, after reading the water soaked menu's (which had a HUGE selection of choices), and attempting at drying our pants... , we ordered.  I had the bbq rib plate with green beans, corn, and cornbread.  Everything was really good.But what I thought was especially cool was their selection of BBQ sauces.  I couldn't get enough of the "devil's spit" - my mouth was on fire and I was LOVING it.  They also had about 6 other choices - there's a sauce for everyone here!It was BF's birthday and they sang and gave him a complementary ice cream plate.  Total bill for 5 people was $75, and that included 4 beers.  Not bad.
4	KOMP 92.3 brought me here again! I won a $75 giftcard for Fathers Day but I couldn't wait!I thought I'd splurge ao I got the Feast 4 Two, a Texas Manhandler Sandwich and 2 mini Strawberry Shortcakes for dessert.Damn it taste so much better when its FREE!As expected the service was good, the food was great and dessert topped it off just right.THanks KOMP! & Famous Dave's!Be sure to check out the NEW pics.
4	I went to this place with a big group today (15+ ppl). The food was great, the atmosphere was great, the waiter needs a bit of practise. Good place. :)
4	This time it was just my hubby, my daughter and me. The waiter was hilarious and the food was great. What more can I say?
3	The Texas Manhandler:The sandwich that separates the men from the boys:  real Texas beef brisket and zesty hot link sausage, sliced thin, piled high and crowned with Hell-Fire Pickles all for only 9.49!  Pretty decent bbq place...however definitely not as good as Memphis BBQ down the street near base.
4	My husband and I really love this place, even though we are not big on chain restaurants.  We've been here twice and had a good experience both times.  The portions are huge, the food is great and you can't beat how cheap it is! (especially for us New Yorkers).  If you're looking for a good, inexpensive meaty meal, this is definitely the place to go!
3	We waited longer than we should have and our server was a bit high strung for our taste. After watching him bounce off the walls he finally arrived at our table and talked so fast that we could hardly understand him. We ordered our drinks..........long pause.........he dropped off the drinks and long pause again. We finally got him to take our order and we ordered the Lunch Rib Tips one with french fries and the other with mac n cheese.Our food arrived and the presentation was wonderful and then you start looking for meat on the tips.......hmmm well maybe 2 of the tips had some meat and the rest was fat. The mac and cheese was different as it had corn in it but it was tasty.It wasn't the greatest experience so we will go back and give them one more chance to see if it was just one of those days. :)
3	I remember this chain way back when in Tacoma Washington.  Back home I was not impressed, but my-oh-my how the years have changed things.  I went here today with my hubby and had a pretty decent meal.  Granted it was about 1:30 in the afternoon and I had failed to eat anything earlier in the day which left my mouth watering the minute I stepped inside and got a whiff of the BBQ.      We started off with chicken fingers that came with a jalapeno sauce, which I thought was going to be too spicy for me.  It was actually very sweet and had just the right amount of kick to it.  My husband ordered a  BBQ salmon dish but ended up with some kind of salad with salmon on it.  Not what he wanted at all, but he can't take me being rude to the staff so he just shut up and ate it.  Then he ate some of my meal and polished off the rest of the appitizers, and most of my dessert.  I don't know but, if I were a wait person I would seriously question a big muscular guy ordering a salad.       Over all it was a nice meal.  My drink never hit the bottom of the glass and we were checked on several times.  Bonus points for having individually wrapped bendy straws.  Oh, and if you order the sundae don't expect a tiny baby bowl of ice cream.  Granted it only had chocolate and whipped cream but the thing was served in a dish the same size as my husband's salad.  Great to share, hard to finish alone.
5	WOW!  I can't believe that it took us so long to try this restaurant.  We love BBQ and we loved this place.  We ordered the Family Meal which came with Chicken, Ribs, Sausage, Brisket, Corn, Beans, Muffins, Cole Slaw and Fries.  The Food was absolutely delicious and our waiter (Darren) was just a good.  We ordered (2) beers and (3) perfect Margarita's and the meal was $117.00.  I would definitely  would give this restaurant a try.  We had many left-overs to bring home and even ordered a 6 pack of muffins to go.
4	So so good!
4	The food is the greatest!!!!  Enjoyed the fourth of July without the SWEAT!!!
4	First place we went after our move out to Vegas.  Delicious food, clean and fun atmosphere, lots of sauce choices...  It was wonderful!  And I love sweet tea.  We had quite a wait for a table, but I'm not sure I can fault the place for that.  Service was good overall as well.
2	My hubby and I tried this place again a few weeks ago and the service was amazing. We went again tonight and what a difference night and day makes. The service was just awful.  40 minutes for our food because they were waiting on one item, but could not give us an update as to why until the food actually arrived. Neither of us got a refill on our drinks even though they sat empty for most of the meal. No up sale for dessert and there were long periods of wait time between everything. Meanwhile the other server was working the room like Cinderella, she even showed off her daughter who was with other family members who were chowing down. (It was pretty close to closing at the time.) Our server was just plain phoning it in. I do not recommend going to eat here at night.
5	We were excited to eat here after hearing good reviews.  Great service, food was amazing.  Workers were all very nice and helpful. Being from Texas I'm excited to have a great bbq place that lives up to Texas standards.
5	This was our first time at Famous Dave's and it was definitely a five star experience. I guess it is always a mixture of different things that make an experience a good one. The service, the atmosphere, the right quantity/quality of the food, and one's personal mood. Our server was also the bar tender and she was really great and went through the whole menu with us. She also made us her famous margaritas with Brandy on top mhhhhh As entree we ordered the ribs and they were AMAZING. Very moist and tasty. Their sauces were really good too. Our favorites were the sweet&sassy and chili hot.
4	My sister wanted us to try this place during our visit in Vegas, The BBQ Ribs were sooooo good. I believe what made the ribs so good was the various sauces they offered, For the amount of food we ordered, the price was not bad. We ordered the All American BBQ Feast with an extra Full Slab of BBQ Ribs. The ribs and brisket were scrumptious. The sauce I fell practically fell in-love with was the Rich and Sassy, while the hubby became obsessed with Sweet and Zesty. I finally went to their website and found they do have a location in Vista. Now I have found a reason to drive up North which is so worth it.
1	Absolutely the worst chopped brisket I've ever partially eaten. The sandwich was filled with huge blobs of fat. I had to take the pieces out and surgically remove the edible portion. Others in my party were happy with their meals, and the platters seemed to be better than the sandwiches. It appears that when they trim the platter meat. They chop up the fat and rind and hide it in the sandwiches.  The place was packed but the servers did an admirable job of keeping up, and there is a sice selection of sauces to satisfy any taste. I'll probably eat here again if someone else wants to, but I'll select something different.
1	We went to the Famous Dave's on Saturday and it was horrible!!! We thought that the food would be good based on the high reviews. But they have really changed, I guess.The Ribs:All full of fat and there was no meat on the ribs. For the money we paid, the food was crap.The fries:Mine weren't done,they were undercooked. They dont give you enough!!!! The fries are also tasteless and not worth the priceCatfish:We ordered the appetizer and the catfish are very tiny and not worth the price. If you do order them, you will be very unsatisfied. They taste okay, but are not worth the prices they charge!!!Chicken: The chicken wasn't done and the was loose and not cooked completely!!!!! Total disaster.Brisket:The brisket didnt taste real, I think it was a processed meat!!!!!This place has crappy BBQ!!! I will never eat there again!!!!The Carl's Jr across the parking lot has better food than they do!!!!!Dont eat there unless you like crappy food and uncooked meats!!!!
3	I guess if you're looking for BBQ this place wouldn't be a bad choice. I thought it was tasty though pricy. My girlfriend and I got the Feast for 2. It comes with a little bit of everything, pulled pork, chicken, ribs, fries, corn on the cob and two sides for $34.99. Out the door it was 37.82 before tip and we had enough left over for a small lunch the next day though I was conservative about how much I ate the night before. The pulled pork was my favorite, super smoky. Over all it was good BBQ but pricy.
3	It's not bad. But it's not great. It's more or less ok. The food is generally tasty, but  considering the price I think it should be a smidge better. Also, the service was kind of lame. We had to flag down waiters just to get refills on our iced tea. We didn't get butter until we were halfway through with our meal. The corn on the cob was overcooked and the other side dishes were uninspired. The cornbread might have been the best part of the meal. My husband got the brisket, and he didn't seem to have any trouble eating it all. My pulled pork was palatable. But all of the meat was served on top of a giant piece of Texas toast. I think this was to give the appearance that we were getting more food. Given the price of our meals, I was hoping to have enough leftovers for another full meal. Alas, that wasn't the case.The most annoying part of our experience was the lighting. The lamp above our table was outfitted with an amazingly bright light bulb. When I looked around the restaurant (after blinking at the spots in my eyes) I noticed that all of the people sitting in booths couldn't look across their table because the lights were so painful. The light was so bright that the bbq sauce on my pulled pork was making me squint from the glare. So, even if you are tempted by the booths, ask for a table. In short: if you're in the neighborhood and want meat, this will get the job done. Just remember to wear sunglasses inside.
4	Best BBQ joint in town that we've tried better than Memphis and their service is definately better than MemphisAlways get the pulled pork sandwich and gobble it up.
4	Love the ribs!! That is all i ever want when i go there... The bartenters make great Bloody Marys and the different sauces are tasty!! Great for work meetings and casual lunches
5	Best BBQ
3	It is pretty decent for fast food BBQ. The ribs are not excellent but they are decent. I really like the Mac and cheese here a lot and I buy the cornbread to go when I get a chance. They have a lot of sauces so it is fun to experiment. Jut stay away from the riblet appetizer. I have no clue what those are but they are nasty.
3	Came here for lunch and had zero problem getting sat quickly. Considering it's this close to the base that is a great feat in itself. We had quick service which is why they get 4 stars but the food is just chain BBQ nothing to write home about. Can someone explain why they let that blond worker sing to the customers..it's weird, not funny and someone should make her stop!
1	Blah..... Super expensive and annoying staff..they sit at your table for 10 minutes explaining sauces that all taste the same! Its way overrated and super expensive! Nothing really tastes fresh or authentic. Your better off taking the time and making it at home.Soggy fries, frozen corn, dry cornbread and meat that is so overcooked and smoked I cant taste what animal it strarted off as. Final verdict....Boo!
4	I've been here a bunch of times. Definitely the place to go when you're craving good BBQ. I think I've had just about everything from the sausage, ribs, catfish and my fav pulled pork. The catfish is kind of expensive for the portion you get, but no complaints on any of the other meats.I'm not really a fan of the sides. Nothing better than what you can get at your neighborhood deli, but I'm okay with that. Their apple are good though!Try it.. pretty cheap too!
4	The food is great. Been here 3-4 times. Ribs have come out tender everytime. I know this is a franchise and it varies. But this location is great quality n service. Rib tips...pretty addicting...
2	It's like the Applebee's of BBQ.  Typical, fairly overpriced, nothing special.  Eat here if you have nowhere else to go :)
3	I like their brisket, and the turkey burger is pretty good for a lighter option.  My dining companion's ribs weren't very meaty, the other guy liked his BBQ chicken.  Sides were OK too.  Could use some craft beers on tap; Sam Adams and Newcastle good, but why not a pale ale too?  The bar is a good place to watch a game, eat and drink.  Bartender is friendly and efficient.
3	Pretty good BBQ. Our waitress was great. The atmosphere is pretty fun, it's all decorated like a southern saloon. I'll probably go there again, but not sure if I'd ever crave the joint.
3	Famous Dave is great! Love the 'Que for Two' deal. Very filling for two people.
4	Pretty good BBQ.  Wish they could somehow use less sodium in there recipe's.  Server was a little too attentive for me.  Food was quick and hot.  Very nice dinner out.
3	I gotta say Famous Dave's disappointed me last night. I was all revved up from goin out shootin in the desert with my fiance and we got stuck in Nascar traffic on the way back home. Needless to say, we were starved after being in the desert and then having to sit through traffic like that!We decided on Famous Dave's, which I have been to before and I remember it being pretty dang good. However, I think maybe Famous Dave's has lost its glimmer of BBQ goodness to me. Maybe it's because I've had better BBQ elsewhere...We split the 2-person plate, which is half a rack of ribs, beef brisket, chicken, 2 cornbread muffins, 2 corncobs, and a crap-ton of potato wedges. The wedges were taking up half the plate! Oh, you also get baked beans and coleslaw. So how did all this food stack up?Ribs - 3/5 Yikes. Yes, I know. Although they did have a nice pink smoke to them, they were not very tender, and much of the meat would not come off the bone without a lot of gnawing. Beef Brisket - 2/5SALTY SALTY SALTY. Oh and not to mention way too much fat. For a BBQ joint I'm surprised they don't select better meat.Chicken - 2/5I just did not like the seasoning on this chicken and compared with the other meats on the plate, it just seemed out of place. It wasn't cooked very well either. Just meh.Sides - 3/5Wedges were tasty, but way too many. Beans were pretty good. Cornbread muffins were tasty and sweet, and the corn on the cob was actually perfect. They also served the tasty little BBQ chips so you can taste test the sauces with them. Sauces - 4/5For some reason FD's is doing an awesome job with sauces, but not so much their meat. I mean, I LOVE their sauces, especially the Devil's Spit and the Texas one.Overall - 3/5It's okay. But for a BBQ joint... eh, it's just missing that kick, it's missing that fall off the bone wonderfulness you expect.
5	I've only had family by the pool BBQ, so I was very abrasive about going here for a co-workers birthday dinner.. but it was so gooood!   I got a meal that was $20, to be shared between two people, came with ribs, chicken, pork, cornbread, and a couple other things the service was EXCELLENT, I had the nicest waiter explain everything on the menu to me, my drink was never empty, things also got pretty meessy and he brought us a bunch of napkins and took them away accordingly, and even gave me some recommendations!  Food was perfect, sauces on the table were great!  Counting the days until my co-workers birthday is here again lol.  Definitely going back!!!
4	I had been to famous Dave's before and decided to swing by again. My girlfriend and I were seated right away with no wait, and our server was there a few moments later. The staff was kind, and especially our server Chase. The food was pretty good, and was out really quick which is why I couldn't give five stars considering there is no way they freshly cooked all of our food in 8 minutes. Most of my review is based off of the excellent service that Chase provided our table. He made sure we had prompt service and was extremely kind. The food is delicious, and especially the sauces that they have on the tables. Try them all
3	A-OK.Looks like an Applebee's, T.G.I. Fridays, Red Robin, Chili's, etc.  Smells like any one of them too.  Oh wait, it's a BBQ thing here; I guess that's enough of a difference.  Not my usual M.O., but since I never been, and a friend suggested it as a our lunch option... sure, why not, I'll give it a shot.My friend was pretty adamant about being seated at a table.  He later explained to me (therefore I cannot personally confirm or deny) that being seated at the bar is a gamble on one's time.  Either you will see your food right away, or you will be one of the last to receive your food in the whole restaurant.  So if you have a lot of time and don't mind trying your luck, by all means, be seated at the bar.  Since we had work to get back to, he made the more prudent choice.We got a waiter that was on the verge of being over-attentive, but I'm far from complaining.  I'll take that over the opposite any time.  He was prompt, courteous, and informative too.  He asked if we were familiar with Dave's, and I fessed up.  He took the time to explain their entire sauce selection (not on BWW's scale, but decent nonetheless).  This process involved pouring a small amount of each onto a large dish.  With a small bowl of seasoned chips (unseasoned would have been preferred, but they sufficed), we got to try and compare thoughts on them all.Here are my thoughts.  The Rich & Sassy that they claim is famous enough to put on everything is about as standard, boring as BBQ sauce can get.  The Georgia Mustard would actually be absolutely fantastic on fish, chicken, salad, or some such.  Texas Pit and Sweet & Zesty are just different plays on their first sauce, and equally as remarkable.  Devil's Spit, despite the blasphemous/gross name, was actually fairly tastey, and I don't typically say that about BBQ sauce (if you haven't already figured that out).We ordered off their lunch menu, and I decided to go with the brisket sandwich.  Now in my experience, BBQ brisket is supposed to be cut thin and across the grain.  What I got instead was just a collection of fatty cubes between buns.  In another words, what I probably got was just the left-over scrap from a brisket.  The price definitely did not reflect the product at all.  Luckily, being the opportunist omnivore that I am, I still ate it.  For what it was, with help from the right sauce, it wasn't half bad, but disappointing still.Luckily the sauce experiment definitely compensated for the deficiencies of the meal.  Although when I was asked if I was going to finish the chips at the table, replied yes, they were still taken away.  Good thing I remembered we had to get back to work, or I would have pursued the matter.  Oh well, check another one off the list at least.
4	Came in for lunch before visiting some clients in NLV. I sat in the bar BC it has plenty of flat screens to watch your favorite sporting event.I'm not a big fan of the chain BBQ's but there's not a whole lot of choices in this part of town. My order for lunch the two meat combo - Georgia chopped pork and St Louis ribs with side choice of beans and corn muffin. I was given some BBQ chips to munch on b4 lunch arrived. Overall the food was tasty, fresh and my Asian waitress was friendly and made me feel welcome.The food and service was spot on at this Famous Dave's BBQ and I'd return here again.
3	FOOD: Salad was ok, though lacking in bacon and lousy with cheddar cheese. Brisket was tender and tasty. Rib tips were SMOTHERED in ground pepper and very skimpy on the actual meat. SERVICE: At the bar, very energetic. Food came quick, and she was very chipper.AMBIANCE: Bar. BBQ. In North Vegas.
4	Memphis Championship BBQ can be dry, but Famous Dave's is always juicy, fresh and fast.  The only place that comes close is John Mull's Meats.
2	I've said it before - chains exist so that people know what to expect as far as consistency goes. That being said - I've been to the Famous Dave's in Long Beach and I actually enjoyed my meal - both the service and the food. I wish I could say the same about my experience at the North Las Vegas location. Service - our server was around when she needed to be. At least in her opinion that is. She took our order. Brought out drinks, our order, the bill and my change. Otherwise, looking for her was like playing the game - "Where's Waldo?" At least she was friendly. I'll give her that much. As for the food - my family ordered the Feast and it came out so fast that it explained why the food wasn't very good. Warm it up and serve it up must be their motto. The meat selections were all dry. Of the ribs, the brisket, the chicken, fries and corn, I like the fries the best. That's saying a lot considering I'm a carnivore and I love my dead, cooked animal meat. Comparing notes of my two experiences at Famous Dave's - I have to suggest that lunch is better than dinner. It stands to reason that lunch will be fresher while dinner will be the meats prepared earlier in the day to be able to serve the evening crowd faster. Either that or the North Las Vegas location is just that bad. One day I may get around to testing this feeling ...
5	In Michigan I refused to eat at a Famous Dave's because I had never heard of them, they just popped up almost overnight in different places.  Since no one I knew ever ate there I stayed away.  Today; however, I ate here for lunch and was really amazed at how great this place actually was.  I always love it when someone opens the door to welcome me into their restaurant, I know that seems trivial but to me it makes me feel they are happy I came.  Our server was equally amazing, she made sure our drinks were always filled and the food came out in perfect time.  She even remembered to bring a lemon with each one of my iced tea refills!  Not many servers remember to do this after the first one.  I just ordered the Famous Dave's Cheeseburger and could not finish the entire thing....something else that impressed me was that the manager went around with a smile, she stopped at every table to ask us how our lunch was going and Thanked us for coming in.    I know this is a chain restaurant but this is definitely a place I would go to again.
2	Tried Famous Dave's for the first and last time yesterday at the North Las Vegas store. (#3180). Great corn bread and slaw, good brisket, nice atmosphere, clean, friendly service, but absolutely the worst ribs ever. Pork shouldn't taste like pigs smell. So disappointed that a rib joint would serve such poor quality pork...
4	My first trip to a Famous Dave's was around Christmas and I have been back a few times already.The food is FANTASTIC!!!!I have liked everything I have ordered. My FAV is the wings, and I really can't say why. They are just full of meat. The seasoning the cook them in is perfect as is and adding the sauces only makes it 10x more yummy.Our service experiences have typically better very good, with only one exception, which was quickly and sincerely remedied. Every time I have been to Famous Dave's, the manager has stopped by the table to ask how everything was. I just can't believe that every restaurants doesn't do this.See you again REALLY SOON!!
4	I don't venture out much to this side of town, being that I reside in Henderson. After a dedication of my best friend's twins at their church nearby, us hungry worshippers occupied the 'party/large group' area. There were about 20-25 of us in our party. Upon arrival, the host opened the door for our large party, arriving sporadically (that's a lot of door opening on a windy day!). The tables were arranged family style, one long table seating 20 of us, with a few overflow tables. They quickly supplied carseat holders for the twins, who were snoozing away in their infant carriers, and asked if we wanted the cupcakes that we had brought in, to be placed in their fridge. (no qualms about bringing outside food into their restaurant!). Complimentary potato 'chips' were aplenty, drink orders were filled and our cups were never empty, even with the amount of people in our party. My BBQ chicken platter, corn muffin, and garlic mashed potatoes were delicious. It helps that I'm slightly biased because I love their variety of sauces and even buy them at the grocery store. Fantastic meal, fantastic staff, and fantastic celebration of two little humans that I love very much.
4	I am a huge BBQ fan. I literally had John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill on Saturday for ribs then came here on Sunday lol (Probably not too healthy of a weekend haha) This place is very good for a chain restaurant. Compared to Lucille's and Tony Roma's I would consider this place (at least this location) to be the best out of those three.I ordered the Feast 4 Two meal which feeds 2-3 people. It comes with beans, coleslaw, cornbread, spareribs, chicken breasts and wings, pulled pork, and a slice of bread. After the two of us were done, I had enough to fill an entire to go container up to the brim!They have 4 different sauces, Rich & Sassy, Sweet & Zesty, Georgia Mustard, and Devil's Spit. Out of the 4 I think the Sweet & Zesty and Devil's Spit tastes the best on the spareribs and chicken.
4	My coworker was keen on taking us here--I've never heard of this chain before, but I'm glad I know it now. I came here twice in two weeks and ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich lunch special. After the waiter takes your order, he/she will serve you a dish of their homemade BBQ chips--YUM!The chicken in the sandwichwas juicy, and the different BBQ sauces were all delicious! I enjoyed Dave's BBQ sauce and the spicy devil one (forgot the exact name for it). For the side, I got the mac 'n cheese (it had jalapeno chunks that made it even better!) the first time and corn on the cob the second time. I would stick to the mac 'n cheese since it seems more like a specialty. My coworkers ordered the sausage links, ribs, brisket... and all enjoyed them very much. They definitely got their money's worth for the $7.99 lunch special(for a limited time?) Because I'm particularly fond of any banana-related dishes, I had to order the Banana Pudding, which was amaaaaazing! It came with Nilla wafers topped with whip cream in a huge tub that's great for its price. I will definitely come back if I'm ever around town.
4	This past Saturday was the first time that I dined in a famous Dave's. My brother and I were on the way to the Cannery, and he told me that I ought to give it a try. Why not, it was across the highway?   The service from the "Welcome to Famous Dave's" upon entering the door to the the time that we paid our bill was exceptional. We were treated to complimentary potato chips that could give Frito Lay's a run for their money if they were sold in supermarkets. My brother and I were never rushed.  Our personable waitress was prompt on drink refills. The Manager even asked how everything was. After the meal there was zero pressure to stop talking and leave. I am under the impression that customer service matters at Famous Dave's. Likewise, customer service matters with my reviews. With that in mind, I upped my rating of this Famous Dave's from 3 & 1/2 to 4 stars.   After seating us at one of the many booths overlooking the bar, our waitress explained the P.I.G. Club. I am so against joining anything called P.I.G. Club. This made me conscientious of what I was going to put in my body. I deviated from the typical BBQ restaurant brisket, ribs, chicken thing and ordered Dave's Favorite Burger. Dave's Favorite Burger may not be Daniel S's favorite burger, however, it was good. From a quarter century of dining in BBQ restaurants, I have come to the conclusion that they prepare well-done burgers. Dave's Favorite Burger included melted jack cheese, smoked bacon, and Dave's Favorite sauce. As expected, the burger was sticky. It seemed that I used the equivalent of a dead baby tree to wipe my hands constantly. Overall I enjoyed the burger and the french fries that came with it.   What stands out at Famous Dave's are all the sauces on the table. I had the choice of sweet & saucy, Texas Pit, Devil's Spice, Rich & saucy, and Georgia Mustard. There was the standard ketchup next to all the sauces.  I am glad that I finally dined in a Famous Dave's. It is not guaranteed that I will return to one in the immediate future. What is guaranteed is that I will not be joining the P.I.G Club.------This is review 67 of the 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge-----
1	Had lunch at Famous Dave's.Worst ever!Waited half an hour to get the food. Brisket was nothing but uncooked fat.Won't be back.
4	Not the most authentic.  Not the best.  Good eats none the less.  I try to go here with a birthday BOGO deal as often as our family can.  I'm a fan of the happy hour baskets.  Lunch entrees are pretty good deal also.  I always try to bing a coupon or get a discount.
5	I have been to a Famous Dave's on the east coast a couple of times in the past and not been impressed. But a friend talked me into going to this one and I was very impressed. I have to say the ribs were superb considering it is a chain. Much above expectations and the service was also great. I will certainly pay them a visit next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Heard only negatives about Famous Dave's. Only went here because it was next to our hotel. Glad we did! It was yummy! Went during happy hour, 3-6 I think. $2 beers, but I loved the $6 Lynchburg Lemonade!  LOL! The deal was the Rib Tips! $5.99! And it was a lot of meat. Ours was really fresh and loved all the sauces they have at your table. Devil's Spit was my fave. We ended up ordering a Chicken Grill Sandwich and Chicken Caesar Salad. Both were good. Place was clean, service was good. Overall, will return to this location! (Nothing was over the top, so gave it a solid 4 stars)
5	best BBQ in town!, service is always great no matter what time of day, and remember to sign up for their email club and receive coupons and sometimes free appetizers.
5	my mom and I stopped in for lunch.   Francine was our server and was the best.  Food and service awesome and the brownie was delicious and sinful.
2	I only went because it was my moms birthday. She chose famous Dave's. Not sure why it's so popular, it's not good. It's not just this location. I've been to a few other locations and I'm never impressed. My boyfriend ordered the burnt end sandwich because we know we don't care for their ribs. It was very dry and tough. Kids got a 2 meat plate with ribs and chicken fingers. They wouldn't eat the fingers because the said it tasted weird. Thinking they were just being picky I tried one. I'm not sure what all the put in the batter but something tasted kinda like perfume. It was a weird taste, couldn't be mad at them for not wanting to eat it. The Cajun chicken sandwich I got was ok. It came with a sauce, lettuce, tomato and their devil pickles.
5	Famous Dave's Best barbecue place in town I highly recommend stopping in!!!!!! if your dining in or ordering to go I would definitely try there Zesty barbecue shredded pork salad if you haven't tried it it's so good it my favorite!!!!!
3	This was our 3rd time at Famous Dave BBQ, I usually order the ribs. Food is good, portions are okay, waitress is overdoing it a little bit, with asking if everything is okay and was kinda pushing to get us "finished", because it was starting to get busy.
5	My second visit back was on point. I ordered the same thing and they were delicious. Sweet tea was so good and plenty of food for $10. The order came out just as I had asked and did not disappoint. I will be going back very soon.
5	My family and I eat here every now and then, but have enjoyed consistently good food and service.  The restaurant is clean and staff is attentive and efficient.  Portions are nice and taste great.  If you go for lunch, as for the frequent diner card and get a "punch" towards a free meal.There's something for everyone at Famous Dave's.  Will definitely return in the future.
5	This is the only location I will attend. Great food that was served very fast. Out waiter Eric G was very attentive, friendly and helpful. We plan to ask for him every time we come. Loved loved loved the rib tips and you can't lose with free refills.  Thumbs up!!
4	Came in to grab a potato for lunch and was very satisfied. It was on a Saturday so there were no lunch specials available or advertised. I had to work really hard to pull a deal out of my waitress. I asked if they had a stuffed potato as none was on the menu and she said there was which actually came with a side and muffin but again wasn't advertised. Overall food was great and service fast and woulf have given this a five if they wouldn't have made choosing a lunch special so difficult.
2	I went here for dinner tonight with nine of my friends and we sat in the bar area.  Our server was friendly and did a good job with all of our orders. I simply ordered the boneless wings appetizer for dinner.All of my friends food came out together and my wings came out about 8 minutes after everyone else's food. Due to me not being overly  hungry it was n big deal. There were about 15 or so little pieces of chicken in the basket and a small side of ranch.  I ate about 5 pieces with the ranch.  About 30 minutes later I started to sweat a little and did not feel so good. I then excused myself and went my my officer where I spent the next 3 hours in the toilet with diarrhea and the drive heaves. The only reason I didn't go home was because I couldn't be away from a bathroom for more than 15 minutes.   I finally got up the courage to drive home where I spent the next 4 hours sitting on the toilet and throwing up in a bucket at the same time. In fact it is 2 am and I am writing this from the bathroom floor. I had a bad experience and I texted the rest of the guys I was with and they are all fine..... And laughing at me because that's what men do to each other.  I personally am done going here but make up your own mind 90% my party loved it and will go back...  I just drew the horribly horrible unlucky straw...And just for the record, there was  absolutely zero alcohol involved
4	I come into this FD's for lunch. Great food at reasonable prices.  If you like wings, their buffalo wings can't be beat.   Also for about the same dough as Five Guys burgers, have a Brisket Burger with a side and you'll love it and ruin you for other places' burgers.  All this and a friendly staff too
3	Walked in, got greeted. Ask for a booth for more privacy for our little ones, host went to look for a booth..no booth found & got stuck  with the table right behind the trophies & in between two big parties. As we were getting seated  I immediately saw an open  booth available that the host couldn't find!! Asked to be moved. Changed table, ordered drinks..to only get watered down iced teas..MY FAV!!! Ordered food..all food came out @ a reasonable time, except for one, an order that wasn't brought out with the rest because jokingly the server didn't have enough hands to bring it out, & then to only find out that the food hasn't even been started to be made!!!YAYYYY!!-First time here & Im already turned off by the place.-3 stars for the food though.Bbq chips -eh Kids loved the ribsBrisket - okSweet water catfish - ok
3	Good and friendly staff but kind of pricey. Last time I went there I was splitting the bill with three friends. They charged my friends and then had me pay for my Own meal,  then my friends again. Took a while to fix that.
3	This is an ok BBQ place. We didn't hate it, but we surely didn't love it either. My wife is from the south so it was incredibly hard for her to like it. For me, it was a hit or miss. Sometimes when we go, we have good service, sometimes its bad. Sometimes when we go the food is cooked perfectly, sometimes its overdone. If you're in the mood for good BBQ food, I wouldn't know where to send you, but you'd have to be in the mood for BBQ big time to come here. The best part of this place is their dessert. The banana bread pudding and the pecan pie are absolutely amazing. Seeing as this place isn't a dessert place, I had to only give it a 3. Would've been 2 if the dessert wasn't so good.
3	Pretty good. The meat is great. They mix orders up sometimes and you don't always get what you're supposed to. Otherwise pretty good food and nice people.
2	The food here is great, but the service I got was horrible.  I ordered over the phone and went to pick up the girl on the phone said it would be ready in 15 min.  So I got there in 15 min but still had to wait another 30 min to get my food.  The girl at the register was on the phone most of the time and when I walked up didn't even acknowledge I was there.  Great food horrible take out service every rude.
3	I love famous Dave's for the ribs, brisket, and Beans! I just wish sometimes a waiter or waitress would listen to a very small request of Hot Fries... They make such a difference when they are Pipping Hot! Also, I love the service.. It's just so small to go wrong with such a small request leaves a big break in my heart.. I know Dave understands cause he's a foodie like me! Uuuueeeee!!!
5	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now. Being from Southern California, I've had a lot of bbq in my life. I came here with Mr parents and girlfriend. We were greeted when we walked inside the doors and were quickly given a table. Menu was large with many different options to choose from. My parents ordered the Burnt ends and Ribs, and the chopped pork. For sides they got the Mac n cheese, dirty rice, and green beans. My girlfriend and I got the Feast for Two. What amazed us was that we waited no more than ten minutes and our food was out on our table piping hot. Absolutely amazing food. Great taste and texture to all the meats. Their six sauces on the table were equally as good. I tried a little of all of them including the XXX sauce. All 4 of us were blown away by how good the food is here. All the employees were very friendly and welcoming. Definitely a must try for anyone who likes bbq. The pricing is good for what you get. The daily specials and happy hour menus make me want to come here more often.
2	Love the food at Famous Daves and have been to this particular restaurant numerous times with great service, but sadly tonight was a disappointment. I never have had an issue with this location until tonight. I'll admit we went in for dinner a little late at around 910pm and wanted to sit in the bar because it is typically faster than in the dining area. No one was seated there and the bar was clearly being cleaned up because trays were up and it smelled of cleaning solution. We asked the bartender behind the bar who was trying to avoid interacting with us if the bar area was closed and she said yes but it's okay we can sit down wherever we wanted. Her response made us feel unwelcome and uncomfortable. After contemplating a few seconds we decided to leave because we didnt want to be a bother to her already cleaned section. She didnt even try to stop us or apologize so we left to the much friendlier Chipotle located in the same shopping center. If your closing hours say 10 you should not be completely cleaning up at 9. There were families still eating in the restaurant so why should you have to smell cleaning solution while your trying to enjoy your dinner?? We didnt bum rush you at the last minute before closing. My husband and I knew exactly what we wanted because we are regulars so we would've been out well before 10. Tonight made us think if we will ever be back...sad how one bad apple can ruin the bunch.
4	Though the menu has changed some of the years, it's still a damn good BBQ place. Glad that I know to ask for the fried pickles because they aren't on the menu, but I have never been told no when requesting a batch.Only reason it's not a 5 star is because they changed some of the small things I liked at previous locations. Such as the chips that were brought out to help you chose which table sauce you were going to use. Overall the meat quality has been pretty spot on the staff has been good to my family and I, and the drinks are pretty good.
3	Good food,but kind of expensive
5	We ordered our food and before I could even check into Yelp is was in the table. Seriously less than 5 minutes. The ribs are succulent, corn is delicious and corn muffins are so incredible, that I eat them - gluten and all. We were in and out in less than 45 minutes. That's BBQ done right.
5	We just moved from California and we are excited we finally found a good place to eat. We ordered the hot links and the ribs both were great. Portions were good.  Mac and cheese is soooo soooo good and the muffin...love that you can try all the different sauces!  Would go again for sure
1	This place has went down hill since the last time I was here. Walking in they said a wait of 10 mins and I've been waiting over 25 mins to be seated, people who came in after our party got seated right away. The lady's at the front said it's because they only have 2 servers but they have 3 people at the front. I'm very disappointed in this place.
4	Went there for the first time lasts night and it was really surprising on how good the ribs were. Service was friendly and everything was good in price. Def will come back again soon.
5	As first tine diners Famous Dave's did not disappoint. They have HAPPY HOUR! For starters we had the burnt ends with a cheese sauce it was so amazeballs that I had it again for my entree accompanied by succulent 1/3 slab of ribs with mac n chz with coleslaw. Both yummy.  My husband had the feast for two & everything was delish. Jenna was our server who was knowledgeable,  friendly & efficient.  Will be back.
1	Went to famous Dave's on 10/31/14 Ordered the Q for 2 and the food came out cold.. Told the waiter he took the food and warned it up I guess in the microwave.. Food came back out brisket was tough as leather. Why would you think its OK to warm brisket a second time in the microwave and wings were still cold.. Only thing hot were the baked beans and corn muffin all the rest of food was cold.. The waiter was nice enough to charge us for the drinks and took the food of our bill..how nice for something we never ate..I have been to famous Dave's many times luckily the one in galleria mall.. I would never go again to that location.
4	Came here me and my girlfriend on our 1 hour lunch break. The food was delicious. We got the Que for two, although it really wasn't as much food as we expected we had got wings as an appetizer and were full. The meat was tender and well seasoned and the server was very attentive. My glass never went empty. This is a decent priced good meal.
4	Food is pretty good...except the only good ribs they serve that are real soft and moist are the the Southern Rib Tips..the St Louis Ribs are kind of on the dry side. I always order the Rib Tips for that reason..their fries are the only fries I like in Vegas incl. McDonalds?  Lol.?  Their other sides are pretty good the portions are small for a reason cuz their meat will fill u for sure!  Their deserts are toooo big..I always have to take them home. My fav is the Bread Pudding by far..
1	Have never had a problem with this location till today.  We got our food and right away first bite we knew it was off.  Not the same!  Well now both of us are up sick it's 1am!  Never going again!
4	Sam, Ron and I had a good meal at Famous Dave's tonight.  I had the cod, Sam had rib ends and Ron had a half rack of ribs.Our sides were great; mac and cheese, Wilbur beans and firecracker green beans.   The fried pickles were awesome.   My cod wasn't over breaded and the tartar sauce was pickle chunky.  Rib tips had a Southside sauce and the half rack was tender and fell off the bone.Highlight was the banana pudding complete with nilly wafers.
3	Went here today around noon for lunch. Erika was our waittress. The food was awesome. Minus one star because my husband ordered a salad with ranch dressing and it came out with blue cheese. We asked Erika if she could bring us some ranch and she argued with me that it was ranch. And then she brought us another cup of blue cheese dressing claiming it was ranch. Whatever. Minus another star because the bread pudding in the picture on the menu looked nothing like the bread pudding we received.
