4	This is the newest addition to the Omelet House Family. It is also located on N. Boulder Hwy but it is located a little more north at Russell and Boulder. Slightly hung over one morning a friend and I went to grab some good food to start the day off right. She wanted Roberto's so we pulled up to the drive thru got our breakfast burritos and started to drive home. All of the sudden she freaked out, "THE NEW OMELET HOUSE IS OPEN!!! WE HAVE TO GO WE MUST GO!" I got very excited because we just bought food, still hot in my lap, and this place made her want to forget that just so we could eat here. SO we dropped the food off at home put some real pants on and went to Omelet House. No being a virgin to this place I had no idea what kind of reputation the other locations had. I heard all about it as we ordered and got our food. I was blown away. Warm Banana Nut Loaf, an Omelet as big as my head, and the BEST Potato Spuds. As other yelpers have said- they are magical and addictive. I had the Guac omelet with guacamole tomatoes and cheddar cheese, my friend had the health nut with jalapenos. We both didn't finish it all, and ended up only taking the left over loaf home since we had breakfast burritos still waiting for us. The building is nice and had an eclectic feel to it full of ceramic roosters and other pictures all over its walls. This building use to be a Sizzler so you will still see the Salad Bar chillin in the center of the restaurant. I know by the end of this month they are going to start serving dinner so hopefully it will get some use. Its roomy and inviting to say the least. And don't worry the manager said they won't be closing any of the other locations so you can still get all your favs in the usual spot. I am looking forward to going back here, and if you are a virgin like I was bring your appetite and head on down to the Omelet House!
4	This restaurant is the newest one in the Omelet House chain, a chain that has had restaurants around the Vegas Valley for years. It is at the Boulder/Russell intersection, in the building that previously housed Sizzler.My mother wanted to try this place so me, her, and my girlfriend went last night. After our experience last night, I would say that eating at this place wasn't exactly a revelation, but I certainly would not be opposed to going back.The atmosphere in the restaurant is quite good, with a sort of "country kitchen" feel to it, and posters/artwork/etc. of assorted American icons (actors, singers, airplanes, etc.) They even sell some of this sort of stuff at the front counter. My only real complaint with the atmosphere is that, despite the wide, spacious restaurant space, the hostess seemed to insist on seating everyone in the restaurant very close together. Given the lack of customer traffic last night, I wish she had seated us a little further apart.The menu is HUGE. Like Sizzler that occupied this space before, there is a good-sized salad bar here. As the name of the restaurant implies, the place prides itself on its omelets, and they have tons of options for those. If you're not into salads or omelets though, they have plenty of other choices as well, including pasta and meat dishes. Everything I tried last night was solid, in particular the home-cooked "spud" french fries.  The service in the restaurant was good. Not the best I have ever had, but definitely solid. At times they were pretty slow refilling my water, but everyone in the restaurant had a positive attitude. However, I did hear a waitress tell another customer who requested some drink on display at the front of the restaurant that they had to get those items from up there, separately, and that there was some policy that wouldn't allow them to serve said items directly to the customers at their dining tables. Don't know what the hell was up with that. Still, in the end, this was an excellent dining experience. Not the best I've ever had, but I'll more likely than not end up coming back in the near future.
2	Just the food was cold service was bad only one server so i cant blame the her too muck get it together or dont serve dinner but i will say breakfast  is good
3	I live so close to this location and mybf and I have walked here a few times. The 1st time I came was on a Sat. afternoon and my bf ordered the .38 special and I went with the Sorry Charlie -tuna sandwhich, which was delicious by the way! dang that was good. I gandered around the salad bar which is only half full.. I guess tahts smart b/c everything on the salad bar looked incredibly fresh.Cold salads, pudding, fresh beautiful looking fruit, strawberries and grapes, etc. They also had a frozen yogurt maker for their dessert bar. I was kinda thinking man, I wish I had just gotten the salad bar. It sure beats sweet tomatoes prices $5.99 v.s 9.99 - 2nd trip:Well the 2nd time I went I again wanted the salad bar but... I was a lil more hungry that day than I was the previous visit. So I went for the Cowboy special. Yes I am I dallas cowboys fan! this was chilli w/ egg and cheddar cheese, hold the onion. It was good but I woudlnt order it again. I pictured the chilli thicker like Wolf brand chili and it was rather runny with chunks of meat. Not really what I envisioned, but doesnt mean you wouldnt like it. Pumpkin bread:Wow, that deserves a paragraph of  its own. enough said. I highly recommend this place. staff is always friendly and they have neat posters around the place of the Dunes, etc. I like it. One of these days I will try the salad bar and I might up then one more star! also note: they lose one star for closing soo early on sundays. thats why we dont go more often. It closes @ 9 during the week and like @ 2 on sundays.
3	I am a big fan of the breakfasts served at the Omelet House that is down the street from this location, on Boulder Highway and Lake Mead. This location is open for lunch and dinner while the other is not, and we were in the area so we decided to stop in for a late lunch/early dinner.No one was up front when we arrived but a waitress spotted us after a couple minutes and seated us in a large booth. The menu was almost all breakfast foods... Maybe a dozen burgers and sandwiches were offered for lunch/dinner, as well as 5-8 dinners. Both my husband and I felt a bit underwhelmed, and had a hard time finding anything on the menu that really jumped out and said 'Order me!' I ended up with a tuna sandwich and my husband got the cajun chicken sandwich. Our food came out fairly quickly and was made to order, but was nothing to write home about... I did notice there was a menu for booze which I don't think the other Omelet House serves... Even though they are open for lunch and dinner, Omelet House is clearly best for breakfast only. I doubt I will be back if it isn't for breakfast.
5	WOW ! What a delicious surprise... Had a late breakfast (1pm) with a friend, had an opening cup of chowder, KILLER GOOD, lots of clam, shrimp and even had some crab (rivals Mo's Famous chowderhouse on the Oregon coast !).... then had the California omelet, fluffy, LOTS of avocado, sausage and cheese, MMM-MMMM ! ... Delicious and bigger than HUGE ! (6 eggs !!!). Had to take half of it home. Great waitstaff, great atmosphere and decor, will definitely return.
4	This was my first visit ever to an Omelet House and we went for dinner. I look forward to going back for a breakfast meal soon. My BF and I both ordered the chicken fried steak with garlic mashed potatoes, and it was delicious. The steak was tender and the gravy was perfect. The potatoes were thick and chunky like homemade should be. Our daughter ordered the Just a burger and she enjoyed it. The burger was quite large and was served with "spuds", which is a sliced potato that has been deep fried. They are sort of like chips but thicker, crispy on the outside with a soft inner layer. I enjoyed them, but she would have preferred regular fries. Not everything was perfect though. The ice tea that we ordered was weak and had a tinge of sourness that usually comes from sitting too long. We all also ordered the soup and salad and ice cream bar combo. That is where we were disappointed. The salad bar wasn't deserving of the title. I did not expect greatness, obviously this is a breakfast place, but the lettuce, (which was only iceberg), was wilted and badly chopped, the toppings were minimal, and the sides were not fresh. The soup on the other had was good. He got split pea, which was thick and chunky and filled with carrots and other goodness. The spoon didn't even sink when it was put on top of the soup. I had ham and bean soup, which was also very good,( I would have loved some cornbread on the side) and filled with visible hunks of ham and vegetables. The ice cream bar was a soft ice cream dispenser, truly not worth noting or writing about. Overall, we all enjoyed the meal and look forward to returning. The service was efficient and everyone was very pleasant and friendly.
3	just stopped in for breakfast after playing early morning bingo at the casino, it was pretty quiet, a few patrons.. there is a large selection of omelets on the menu. the portions are pretty big,so we split an omelet.with a 95 cents plate charge((which was ok). Came with tasty fresh pumpkin bread and potato chips??? Yeah deep fried potato like chips for breakfast is a little different,but I prefer hash browns and/or country potatoes.. waitress was friendly and attentive..Unfortunately i am not one to have chili in my omelet and ordered the kitchen sink,which came with it oops,but will go back and try a different omelet..
5	Staying off Strip, I discovered this gem of a place. I love breakfast so this hits the spot.The menu reminds me of Harbor House in Seal Beach, 80% full of yummy breakfast foods, 20% lunch/dinner type stuff. Great selection of omelets! Chicken fried steak & eggs were absolutely delightful here. The fried steak wasn't soggied down by the gravy and not too salty. A weakness of many fried steaks I've tried. The fried potato slices were a welcome change from traditional hash browns. You can also choose pumpkin nut bread as a bread side, they're fantastic!http://media2.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/mbO66Wvl7CgJnaErZZWEGw/lMy friends thought very highly of their omelets. Greasy breakfast foods are great hangover cures. Y'all know I'll be back here soon.
4	Pretty solid American breakfast foods.I was impressed by the attitudes of the workers, who all seemed pretty happy to be there and were enthusiastic when talking about the food. The clientele at the time was largely the grey-haired set which meant that our meal went smoothly, devoid of any obnoxious drunken silliness from other patrons. The environment reminded me a bit of Florida.We ordered a few things;* Cup of navy bean soup: Thick and hearty with ample chunks of navy beans and ham throughout. Not the most amazing or flavorful soup, but a satisfying bean soup.* Pumpkin Nut Bread: Woo-hoo, this stuff is GOOD! Warm pumpkin flavor with a molasses undertone and crunchy nuts with spices, this is more like banana bread than wonderbread. It's especially good warm with butter.* Biscuit with gravy: Thick, creamy sausage gravy smothering a biscuit that's been cut in half. A bit salty but overall good.* Lobster, Avocado & Cheese Omelet: This thing was a beast. HUGE omelet! The eggs are light and fluffy, supposedly cracked fresh on site. The lobster was tender, well complimented by the avocado with a decent amount in a $10 omelet. I didn't particularly like the stringy cheese with it as it seemed an incongruous flavor pairing, but the omelet was overall very satisfying with enough for 3-4 servings. It wasn't bad reheated the next day! It was served with crispy little potato rounds seasoned with herbs, salt & pepper. They're a nice change of pace from the standard hash browns but not necessarily what I'd consider a breakfast food. They, too, were good reheated the next day after being crisped in the oven.* Chicken Fingers: Interesting coating, different from the standard with a nice crisp bite. The meat itself was a little dry and the pieces were small. They come with ranch or cheese sauce and I believe more of the potato rounds.* Side of Bacon: SUPER crispy. I like bacon with some gristle left over for me to gnaw on so I didn't have any. J did and wasn't particularly into it.* Side of sausage: Instead of links these were patties, which we hadn't anticipated so we sent them back.Their coffee wasn't astounding, but it was strong which was exactly what I needed. The mug it came in was awesome, too, very wabi-sabi baby!We'll probably come back over the next few months. This place is a step above your average Denny's or IHOP, the staff all seemed pretty happy and the food was good. Fun Fact: I don't know what a Grunion is, but make sure you take a peek at their "Flatlander's Special" . Takes a brave soul to order that, I assure you. ;)
4	Awesome place for school omelet! Huge ass portion! Regular size omelet is made out of 6 to 8 eggs! Ask for the mini version!!!
5	Stopped in to get a breakfast on the way Hoover Dam.  Boy, did we get lucky! They not only had my requirement: eggs whites, oatmeal and whole wheat toast, and tea, but they also had these incredible things they call"spuds", which are fresh made potato chips for He, and fresh strawberries for She.  All this, huge ham slice, etc, etc, ask for less than $ 25.  Whoohoo!  Bookmarked for another trip.
1	I think we made the mistake of coming here right before closing time, my seafood chowder was too thick and creamy with no flavor, my chicken was cold and flavorless, the sauteed mushrooms felt like they only touched the skillet for a second and my husbands chorizo omelette had about 2 pounds of chorizo in it! Gross! Bad food and bad service ( I even saw a manager wearing shorts), don't come to this location.  Stay far far away!
3	I work down the street, so my coworkers and I sometimes drop in for non-fast-food lunch.  We've always been happy with our omelettes and sandwiches.  The people tend to be friendly, service isn't slow, and the prices are average.  It's mostly out of convenience that we come here; not sure I'd go out of my way versus the other diners in town -- but I do love their spuds though -- yum!
1	Went here for mother's day and was excited to try it out.  We (of course) had to wait a bit, but we expected that.  We probably waited about 30 minutes or so after we were sat down until the owner/manager came over to our table and told us that if we didn't order now he was going to kick us out of his restaurant since other people were waiting!!!!  Keep in mind that our waiter hadn't even been by our table!  We were so taken aback by what he said and he actually even cussed at us!  By the time the waiter came over my mom was crying and he couldn't apologize enough.  The assistant manager even came over and apologized, but unfortunately the person who was unbelievably rude was above them.The food was ok, but at that time we were pretty upset so I can't really give an honest review.  On our way out my mom talked to the owner/manager and expressed how upset she was about his outburst for us waiting for the waiter to come to our table.  He was even more rude, yelling, and cussing at her in front of customers.  And trust me, my mom is very quiet and never yells at anyone or gets upset with anyone.If management changes, we will go back.  Horrible experience.
5	Best breakfasts in town!!
5	The best omelete is "The Bugsy Seigel" with extra sour cream & meat!
4	Decent food.  Close to my house and church.  Took my little man there after church for a mommy/son lunch not long ago.  Good service.  Good food.  In the past, we have gone with all four of us.  Service/food delivery is a little slow for the 4 year old, but my 8 year old has a bit more patience.
5	Best meal & service I have had in Vegas! My families new breakfast place when we are in town.
5	I came here because I was staying at Siena Suites across the street and that gave me a 15% discount. I had no idea what to expect, read nothing, saw nothing, but by the end I realized I'd just found an amazing place to eat, and I'd come with a mostly full stomach!I felt horribly guilty leaving behind a lot of my food but I knew it wouldn't survive the trip back to LA, that said the portions were HUGE. This is an all day omelett! I didn't even get an omelett though, my girl did, but I got the chicken fried steak which I told her while we were there, was the BEST one I'd ever had. And I've had a good 10-15 different varietys. It was just the perfect flavor to me. The pumpkin bread was bomb too.Everyone here was also super friendly, no one made a fuss about getting the discount, overall a great experience.So I was going to write this 5 star review anyway, but here's what made up my mind to post it ASAP. I left my debit hard here! Ugh! So I drove all the way down to Baker, California before realizing this. I called and they let me know I'd left it, and I asked if they could mail it to me and they said yes! You have no idea how delighted that made me, there was no way I could've driven back so one less card to cancel and re-order makes my life way easier. Like I said, 5 stars anyway, but because of that there's no way I can't return the favor and spread around the karma a little bit, because it's not like I told them I'm a yelper or anything! Just genuine good people with genuine good food, what more can you ask for?
5	So wonderful! Large portions and friendly service. I recommend the shrimp and spinach omelet... Its amazing!! There's no shortage of ingredients so bring your appetite. But honestly everything is delicious... Take everyone you know!
4	We went to for a late brunch at the omelet house......it was packed! The manager seated us right away, though, and took care of us personally. We did have to wait a long time for the food, but the biscuits a s gravy were worth the wait. I wish they had an alternative to the potato crisps- but all in all, the food, service, and prices warranted another visit soon.
4	Time for possibly the fastest turnaround ever on a review.Just got home from Omelet House, the Boulder and Russell location. It's just a few minutes from my house, and I was a bit apprehensive because of the mixed reviews. However, when I saw that it was doing brisk business at Sunday brunch hour (11:30), my fears were allayed.It's the Omelet House, so of course I went straight to the omelet menu. I was almost gonna order the Lobster Fest, but I figured it couldn't have that much authentic lobster if it wasn't $15+. I decided on the Bugsy Siegel (#16) instead, which they say is roast beef  in an Italian red sauce, sour cream, and jack cheese. Within a couple of minutes, our server had brought out my pumpkin bread. While the texture is moist, the flavor is good, not great. When I got to the second half of the bread, I had to use a little bit of butter to offset the growing blandness. I slightly preferred my friend's banana nut bread, which I'm definitely going to have next time I'm here.My omelet was just good. It was little overdone and a little bland, which are safe things to do at a diner, but you can't excel if you don't take risks. I might ask them to "undercook" it by half a minute or something next time and see if they'll consent. Oh, and the omelet really is as huge as they say. I might've been able to finish it had I tried harder, but I spared my belly and took about a third of it to-go. Be ready to do the same, or consider sharing the omelet with a friend.The fried potato slices (they're all a little too thick and some are not crunchy enough to be called "chips") were the real star of the show. They come with some dried parsley (?) flakes and some pepper, and they go well with a little bit of Heinz ketchup. They also add a bit of saltiness to the omelet. I also tried some of the Mexi-Chicken, which killed my sensitive taste buds with jalapeno, and the cinnamon apple stuffed french toast, which was yummy and not at all dwarfed by the syrup.This is definitely a nice breakfast joint, and for about $9, it's a very good value. Check it out when you're on this side of town!
5	This is my go to spot if I'm in the mood for omelet's.  The staff is friendly they refill your coffee all the time with out asking.  Portions are huge! My wife and I almost always end up sharing.
5	my favorite breakfast place!!!the omelets are always perfectly made, love the spuds that come with it :-) lately i've ordered the eggs benedict and by far this place makes the best one, the eggs are perfectly cooked, the ham is big enough that it covers the whole english muffin. the hollandaise is delicious!!! the omelets are big enough that sometimes me and hubby need to share but if you don't wanna share they do have a  3-egg omelet which is perfect. they can also half the big order of omelet if your sharing. customer service is perfect everytime we go, always the same ladies and gentleman that help us, only a few times that we ask for our coffee to be refilled but they're always on top of that. we did try there lunch menu which is also delicious.  the onion rings are my favorite, batter is nice and not too much, its crispy, hardly any oil. the chicken fingers and spuds are perfectly cooked as usual. hubby got the meatloaf sandwich, which was alright, it did have too much bread, the meatloaf seems as if its not homemade but we've never asked the fries were delicious though.
2	It used to be great, now not so much. They took away their salad bar, they changed their hours and some of the waitresses are not that great. Who closes at 3pm during the week? Food is pretty good most days but the last few times it was very generic and the water tasted funny. I will try a different omelet house location instead of this one.
1	I went once before...it was cold and guess what I guess they don't know what fire is. Because the eggs was served to me cold yet again. And I got up and walked out. I wont pay for bad service nor will I pay for cold food. Don't go to this location. EVER...and if you do remember I told you the eggs would be stone cold :(
2	Yelp 31 Day Challenge #7 /31It's NOT about the QUANTITY it's ABOUT the QUALITY!!!! Dear Omelet House didn't you know that by now?? :(Ok maybe I was out partying to long the night before and wasn't really capable of judging the food, but I sure wasn't hangin (cuz I usually don't drink), so there must have been something wrong with what I ate...So as we walk in I take a look at the menu and the selection is wow, they have everything u can possibly want, the service was also nice, a lady brought us the menus and immediately asked if we would like something to drink, OH YESSS a cup of coffee PLZ (i need it bad). So I looked at the menu and found my fav dish (which I usually make at home and is WAY better), then I go ahead and order my egg white omelet with lots of veggies and little bit of cheese, mhm talk about not being hungry for the rest of the day...As we wait for the "goodies" to be cooked we chit-chat and the omelets arrive, the "goodies" I thought a minute ago were now chunks of I'm guessing egg substitute, that wasn't even properly cooked (had that yucky mushy and gewy stuff that indicates it needs to be cooked more, hello). Ok the mushy and gewy wasn't even that bad I could still deal with that but it was really really un-tasty like I'm eating old eggs in economy class on a plain, plus the portion was the size of my head & they expect me to eat all that? Buahahaha yea right if u want to call an ambulance, cuz i'll explode...So I picked out the veggies ate those and did my best to try and eat a lil more, I had a big day ahead of me still needed to fuel up a bit, but seriously didn't eat half of half even yea that's how big the portion is and hey I CAN EAT!Puh I kno I will never go back there, no need to upset my tummy like that, only if I knew I get leftover economy airplane eggs I would of never ever came here.I'm sorry guys at least u get two stars, if it wasn't for the nice lady serving us I would of prolly gave u guys a one star.. I'm a breakfast person u know & I prolly know all the best spots for breakfast in HNL, and I was NEVER this unsatisfied with breakfast in my life :( sorry...  Maybe lay off the egg-substitute??
3	Not much I can say about this place, seems to have it together service-wise. The salad bar placement in  the middle of the restaurant is awkward especially with the transition to the serving area is right there, but who cares about that right?Ordered the chili verde scramble, after taking time to study a menu with LOTS of options. The food came out quick, and they have a hearty portion. Was decent, left plenty to take home. The green sauce seemed canned,so it took away from the food.Will be back to try some of the other dishes, just too many to fit in one setting.
2	I would say calling the breakfast here "mediocre" would be a compliment. The omelet I ordered was simple, just bacon & cheese...nothing too crazy..I could get soooo much better at an Ihop, if you can believe it!It was just too much egg and the cheese mixed in it did not taste good. It tasted a mix of bland and old and really needed some sort of saltiness to it. I couldn't eat a bite of it alone without some of the bacon on my fork as well. Not interested in the pumpkin or banana bread, I opted for the english muffin that was saturated in.......something? Didn't taste like butter, as it had NO taste whatsoever! The coffee? I could write a 9 page paper on how terrible the coffee was. Ridiculously bad. Horrifying even. *sigh* Disappointed with Omelet House...I've gone here before when they were at one point opened super late, and it reminded me so much of the delicious diners back east. The only good points: my husband's BATTERED onion rings (scored a point for battered!) and the odd chip-like potatoes that were served with my breakfast were actually very good!
5	Love this place for breakfast, awesome omelets, huge portions and always great staff.
5	Absolutely the best place for breakfast! We come to this location a lot. The service  is always awesome and so is the food. We haven't tried the lunch or dinner, so that's something to try one night! If it is your first time visiting, you have to try any dish with the spuds and their warm banana nut bread. I always get the meat lovers skillet.
1	Wow...this place sure has gone downhill! They cut back their hours and now close at 3pm during the week? They got rid of their salad bar? My wife and I ate dinner here on 3/8. I ordered a small house salad and the meatloaf w/mashed potatoes and corn. The salad was a portion of cabbage w/ a slice of not very ripe tomato. It's a good thing I added ranch to make it somewhat palatable. I didn't finish it. The best part of my dinner was the corn. I got the feeling that this place wasn't doing very well so they're cutting back wherever they can. This used to be a decent place when they first opened. I hope this location serves a better breakfast or they might as well close for business. With tip, I spent $27 for dinner for 2. I should've gone to Mimi's.
4	In a world of omelets there is no better place than the Omelet House. Their portions are humongous comparably to Denny's or IHop. Alongside with their breakfast dishes are seasoned potato spuds -- amazingly delicious. Unfortunately, the reason for the four stars follows the fact that the Omelet House's amazing food does not necessarily parallel their staffing. I don't want to infer that they have bad customer service -- because they are all friendly, amazing hosts and hostesses, and quick with the refills on beverages. But they seem to lack the staffing for various stations. The waiters and waitresses also play the role as host, which is fine, only when there is no one waiting in the front. Regardless, the Omelet House on Boulder  highway is somewhere I frequent -- my mother and I will be back for "The Black Forest."
4	Food was great, service was prompt and responsive!
1	What happened to the foooood it sucks did they get a new cook oh my god that was aweful worst omelet I've ever had how do you screw up a omelet. The waitress was good food was nasty and the coffee tasted like nasty instant I had so many grounds in my coffee I could of brewed another pot come on guys I'm so disappointed
2	This was our lunch stop after visiting Hoover Dam. A typical diner, they offered us a limited menu so they could move us along quickly after the tour ended.They must be used to tourist coming through on these tour buses and then stiffing them on tips. So, the service was pretty poor. They seated us all together (it was not crowded). The tour guide had called in our orders from the bus, so when we arrived, we presented them with our order cards and they brought our food.The food was fair. (I had a burger and a coke.) It was kind of tasteless unfortunately. And, we did leave a tip.
4	Have been here for breakfast a handful of times, and I always order the same thing. Corned beef hash (which they do really well here), basted eggs, and a side order of a waffle. I have yet to try an omelet, as I've seen the ones my husband's ordered and they are enormous. My kids like to share a pancake breakfast which is plenty as well. My only real gripe with this restaurant is their knives. They are useless, aside from spreading butter. Try cutting pancakes with them? Better off ripping them with your own two hands. *Wish they offered served alcohol here. Something about having a champagne, or a Bloody Mary on the weekend that just feels right.
4	All in all a good place to share a ginormous omelet with someone. Their omelets are HUGE, so you can, for a small 'sharing' charge, split one with somebody and be quite well fed.Their service is quick and friendly. The decor is ... just ignore it. The prices are reasonable and the food tastes pretty good. You should be satisified.Don't tax their culinary skills though. I'd recommend sticking to the simpler breakfast type items.
4	the Jolly Green Giant & Popeye omelettes were good, and it was a good serving size (we could only eat half of our omelette)...i like that they had a variety of healthy omelettes, and you can substitute for egg whites
5	Egg-cellent! Had corned beef hash & eggs. Was served with home made potato chips & choice of bread. Toasts, pumpkin, or banana bread. Oh the bread is warm. My husband hadcthe Liberty Bell omellette which is basically a cheesestesk omellete. It was gi-normous! 6 eggs to make it. Server was sweet. Her section as packed but she was so attentive & kind. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll be having breakfast here.
4	Breakfast is always a treat here, Mon.-Fri. they have a great special with nice choices.Weekends can get real busy, especially Sunday Mornings.The standard Omlettes are made with 6 eggs and are huge!(They have a "baby" size of all the Omlettes that are made with 3 eggs)Skillet breakfasts are good, too.
3	The food was pretty good. At par with the other omelette houses in town. The service however, could be much better! I think I saw our waitress maybe 2 or 3 times. Neither me or my girlfriend received any refills. When it came to paying our bill we pretty much could have just walked out. No one seemed to care at all.
4	Big improvement omelet was huge and yummy. Waitress was really nice food came fast I'm so happy
4	I usually go to the the original spot where they have cooler antique stuff at the front. So that's my only recommendation is that this place needs more or that. Otherwise, as far as I can tell, the food's just as good. If you order an omelet here, know that they prepare their omelets with 6 eggs! Half a dozen! That's a really big omelet. You can order a smaller version and it'll only be 3 eggs. Never had an omelet I didn't like here. Also, their banana bread is awesome. Definitely order a side of it and have it with butter.
1	My boyfriend and I decided to try something new for breakfast and we always drive past this place and wanted to try it out. I wish we would of just gone with what we know and went to egg works. First, there was a bowl sitting on our table the wasn't even clean. Second, our server Shannon I believe her name was didn't even come to our table until we were already there for 10 minutes then when she finally got there she rushed us ordering even though the restaurant wasn't even busy to the point where I wasn't even able to order exactly how I wanted it. She was so RUDE. Then we tried to grab her attention because we wanted to order the "huge ice mocha" first she ignored us, then she reluctantly paid attention to us. Then she didn't even bring it, she got one of the other girls to bring it out AND SHE TOOK IT TO THE WRONG TABLE. At least this girl was sweet. Once we got it, it wasn't huge, it was a regular sized chocolate milk at best. After that, we over heard a dispute between Shannon and another guest there. The guest was complaining about her taking too long, which is true, then Shannon ARGUED with the guest and said that she was wrong and then walked away.Overall, the food was just alright and I would NEVER recommended it to anyone. Never going there again.
3	Good food, Service is usually a hit or miss. I do feel some of their add on items tend to feel like your being nickel and dimed
5	The food is awesome and Jennifer is the best waitress in the city!! I had the Porky Pig omelette with salsa sour cream and mushrooms it was pure perfection!!
5	A family friendly(and family owned) diner-style restaurant. Brunches on Sunday are a must (I highly recommend the lobster eggs benedict-YUM!). Portions are pretty big so go hungry! They have plenty of omelet options, and a wide variety of lunch & dinner options to choose from.If you see memorabilla you like, you can probably buy it (Elvis cookie jar anyone?)
4	We got right in when we arrived at a little past 10a.m. on a Saturday morning.
2	Our last day here in Vegas, stopped here for breakfast cause of the good reviews but turned out to be VERY disappointed. The customer service is good but I ordered the Country Fried Steak and eggs and was mad. I could not enjoy it. It was salty and the eggs that I ordered "over easy" was not at all prepared right, the potatoes were like chips and was very dry. No flavor. I wish they had Beer battered Onion Rings. I wish the potatoes were diced and cooked with some bell peppers and grilled onions. Overall was disappointed in this dish. I also felt sick afterwards, my stomach was turning and had bubble guts! OMG! My friends also ordered here and were dissatisfied with there meals. Never coming here again, EVER!
4	Few minutes away from home and serves breakfast food, I'm there!I've actually been here a few times but most recent visit was my fave so far.Came in close to 11am, waited a few minutes for someone to greet us and then was sat right away.My friend and I shared the B.B.C - Broccoli, Bacon and Cheese Omelet.Comes with a side of their really yummy, perfectly seasoned and cooked, breakfast spuds -- shaped like chips, crispy outer with soft inside AND choice of bread, we chose to have the freshly baked, warm, banana bread.Very good! I was happy they didn't have it overly cooked like the previous times. Omelet had the right amount of bacon and broccoli in it -- also the egg was light and fluffy.Portions are HUGE! They do offer a "Baby Omelet" for the smaller appetite but it's only $.89 less, IMO, you might as well buy the bigger portion and just take it home!LOTS of breakfast items to choose from, including about 35+ different omelets.They also have lunch items like soups, salads, burgers, sandwiches, and a couple entrees. This place hits the spot if looking for a breakfast joint, def better than Denny's or IHOP.
4	Very good breakfast. The six egg omelet is enough for two! Their potatoes are like potato chips but better.  Their stuffed French toast is really thick and stuffed with apples or blueberries.
5	Good food good pricing some service is better than other but over all it is a good experience.  The whole $1 for an extra plate is stupied. There bannana bread is yumy as hell.
4	Really enjoyed my meal! Service wasn't real great but my coffee stayed full. Restaurant was very clean and nicer inside than the exterior would lead you to believe.
4	Come here hungry!  We stopped in for a hearty breakfast.  They did not disappoint! We were seated immediately to start browsing the delicious items on the menu.  Our server was ok. It wasn't the best of service (especially towards the end of the meal) but it was fine.  Sometimes he'd disappear and wouldn't see him for a while.  Oh well.  The food made up for it...I know I was at the 'Omelet' house but I decided on the Cinnamon Apple Stuffed French Toast.  Oh yum.  It was fully stuffed with apples and cream cheese. I loved it! My husband chose the 38 special omelet.  This was probably the largest omelet I've seen.  It was filled with ham, bacon, sausage and cheese.  The sliced breakfast potatoes were awesome.  I loved the flavor in every bite.  I'll definitely come back for the food and just hope for a little better service.  :-)
5	Stopped for my BOGO birthday meal. The special was a pulled pork BBQ sandwich. It was GREAT!!! Not too spicy, just right amount of tang and the bun was the right one - stood up while eating the sandwich at a leisurely pace. Too bad they aren't open for dinner anymore...
2	It has been quite awhile since my four star review and I haven't been here in awhile. The food is still pretty much the same. Large servings of average food. The spuds are good, the dressing is fresh and the coffee is hot. The food has become nothing to exclaim over. The omelettes are good but way too big for me. They need a real kids menu to chose from with a better price point. But the servers usually do try to offer the mouse pancake. The gravy with their biscuits was quite good previously but now is tasteless. Frozen sausage patties didn't help. The service is on point, with some of the same people still here from my original review. They always seem to check in now. Very friendly. But my issue today is cleanliness. The tables were gross and the menus were sticky. It was clear that whoever was responsible for cleaning did not do it. On all the tables around us I was able to see that the settings had not been moved and it was disgusting around them. I was in a long booth and it looked as though the table was wiped off only as far as they could reach standing at the end. The dirt was so built up I could have scratched it with my nail. This was breakfast time so there was no excuse for the way the place looks. Both of our menus had syrup on them as well as other unknown sticky substances. Seems like people are slacking on that cleaning too.Because it isn't clean I am forced to only give two stars. Hopefully this can change soon.
5	This place sat us down at 245pm, we ordered the lobster omelet w/pumpkin bread,  blueberry cream cheese french toast breakfast, and a biscuit n gravy.The potato chips was crisp n delicious w/ranch dressing. Very friendly and old school feeling.The food was excellent!
5	The portions are absolutely gigantic. Food is incredible, particularly the potatoes. Service is always swift and friendly. Make sure you ask for real cream for your coffee.I always bring home 2/3 of my food and eat fit three days. Love this place!
3	Omelet House puts together a strong Midwestern style breakfast experience.I stopped for a meal while in Vegas by direction of a colleague recently and was immediately transported to the Midwest by the feel of the menu and interior, even the friendly server made me wonder if I was in Minneapolis or Kansas City. The menu is enormous and offers just about any breakfast staple that you could imagine. It took considerable time to decide upon the Chili Verda Skillet Breakfast, something I figured I could not find at home in OC. This Southwestern number combines Chili Verda served over home fried potatoes, onions, peppers, and Ortega chilies which is then topped with two eggs and Jack cheese. All killer, no filler and with a $9.49 price of admission, I would try it again happily. The downers include a less that sterile environment in the dining area and disgusting bathrooms. Considering the locale, I am sure this isn't a deal killer locally but it drops a 4 star meal down a notch for this Yelper.
2	The food presentation is not that impressive. There is a lot James Dean, Elvis and Marilyn Monroe chotskies, which makes it look like a diner instead of a breakfast place. No designated hostess, 2 registers, yet no one seems to know what is going on. Front of house management.....well, what FOH management?
5	My go to breakfast joint! The portions are huge, the staff are great and everything is made in house. I usually get their corned beef hash and eggs but got the eggs Benedict the last trip and was so happy I did. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the hollandaise was made in house and it came with their famous spuds that were cooked crispy like I like. Did the spuds in the sauce--so good.I have yet to have anything bad here and I have ordered both breakfast and lunch items. They are my second favorite place to get fried zucchini and it comes with ranch and cheese sauce. If you don't want fast food or foo foo la la food, go to the omelet house for a good, hearty meal. Will remind you of the kind of food your grandma made.
5	Well this location passed my mother in laws stamp of approval!  Believe me that's the hugest compliment I can offer!!! Waiter hung in there with her hearing limitations and made sure she had to go containers of pumpkin bread!  We've visited the other henderson location numerous times but found the wait to be non existent in spite of a tour bus having just loaded! Corned beef is a fav here, I'm fond of the banana bread, chicken fried steak and the MULTIPLE vegetarian options Rock! Never makes sense to order the small portions! Most times we have another meals worth to take home!  My suggestion.... I bet you would make amazing zucchini bread!!!!
4	As good as the food is and the solid derive, just be prepared to be accosted by an obese family every weekend peddling their newspapers.
5	Now this place does a omelet right! Well they better since it is the name of their business. The portions here are huge and you definitely get your money's worth here.
5	fantastic food!! fantastic service (shannon)!!! gigantic portions!! excellent value!!! highly recommend!
4	Food a bit on the heavy side but very delicious and has a home made touch
4	This place is really good! We ordered corn beef hash, country fried steak and pumpkin bread. Happy New Years 2015!
4	Really cute breakfast place. My friend and I got the blueberry stuffed French toast special with eggs and a choice of sausage or bacon for $8.99. I really couldn't complain about anything. Our food was really good. It was my first time here. It's like a better Blueberry Hill. Only thing I could say is, I prefer to not see the chef eating as he's cooking my food. Lol. I know it happens. I work in a restaurant. Just saying I prefer not to see it. Other than that, food and service was great!
4	Daniel provided a lovely dining experience. Every need was catered too! The service was superb and the food was beautifully prepared. The restaurant is gorgeous.
