3	To be honest, the reason I initially checked out this place was because of it's name, "Whole Foods".  Just the name sounds wholesome, and me, being someone who is into healthy eating, I figured I'd check it out.  And WOW, the whole store is organic??  I have never heard of that where I came from.After two visits, I have mixed feelings.  To best explain my feelings, I will break it down in two lists of PROS and CONS:PROS:1.  This is a VERY nice store.  The color scheme is that of "earthy" tones.  Let's face it:  I HATE GROCERY SHOPPING but felt oddly at ease while at Whole Foods.  The friendly atmosphere is inviting and the presentation of the products is creative.  You just get that "let's be friendly to the earth" feeling as you roam up and down the aisles.2.  Good selection.  You can buy all sorts of loose products: cereals, nuts, seeds, dried fruit, etc. from canisters.  You open the lever of the canister and pour as much as you want into a plastic bag.  It's nice to be able to control how much of a certain product you want.3.  Friendly service.  In my teens I worked in a grocery store and struggled to maintain a friendly disposition, mainly out of being bored to death working at the register.  The cashiers at Whole Foods were friendly and helpful - I was impressed.CONS:1.  There is really only one con that sticks out foremost in my mind and that is cost.  Unless you take home six figures per year and just parked your brand new Jaguar in the parking lot, don't even walk through the front doors.  Seriously, this place is expensive.  I am a New Jersey native where EVERYTHING is expensive and I thought Whole Foods was highly priced (just to give you an idea).  My husband and I spent like $45.00 on 2 plastic grocery bags of food - and we didn't buy any meats or items that are usually highly prices anyway.  Something to keep in mind.  Running in for an item or two seems more reasonable than getting your entire grocery order from this place.
5	Whole Foods in Tempe has such a great atmosphere, wonderful employees and great great great food. The cheese selection is the best in the valley and they will cut most of the cheeses to any size/price you like.  So you can try really fancy goat cheeses without breaking the bank. The veggie section is HUGE and they have stuff you use every day, and stuff you have never seen before (ever had a star fruit? i hadn't either!)  Their wine selection is great and the prepared foods is super delicious too! I shop here a few times a week and I always come away happy :)
1	This is really small Whole Foods and the prepared food is sad.  Go to the Whole Foods on Ray off the 101 and you will be MUCH better off.  I came here to make my own salad from the salad bar and I didn't know the greens were mushy until I came back to work and stuffed a bunch of mushy organic greens into my mouth.
2	I am just spoiled coming from Cali-granola. The land of hippy-health huts and super-Whole-Foods. This one is an older model with a ridiculously limited and sad deli and salad bar. The dry goods are also on a smaller scale than what you would get elsewhere...yet the prices and staff are still as obnoxious*.(*With apologies to the rare kind and ego-free Whole Foodies I have met.)
3	Even though I prefer the Ray/101 location (it's three times bigger than Tempe's!), I do most of my WF shopping here as it is much closer to my house.  I know that this location will be moving even further away to the Mosaic condominium site (oh, how I wished I could live there... will it even come to fruition in today's economy?).  It will be a sad day for me when Whole Foods Tempe moves further away from me...I love the curry chicken salad found in the deli dept!!  it neither contains **, so I'm able to consume it w/o negative effects :D  I also love the gourmet ice creams and gelatos sold here.  There are at least two new labels offered, and I recommend both: McConnell's Ice Cream (Brazilian coffee!!), and Mashti Malone's Rose-Scented Ice creams (Rose-scented Saffron w/ Pistachios).  Mashti's version is good, but not as great as the homemade version sold at Tasty Kabob's (understandably, since I would think "homemade" would also mean less chances of commercial preservatives used, but sometimes this isn't the case; in any case, Mom and I both noticed that MM's version isn't as good, but I wouldn't hesitate to purchase more in the future!!)I should also note that Ciao Bella's gelatos are pretty good, even though they contain corn syrup :(  I enjoyed a new flavor- malted chocolate milk balls, but the two I really favored on my last visit were Mocha Chip and Dulce de Leche... ooh, life can be so sweet!!In the sprouted grain bread aisle- do check out the sprouted onion and poppy seed bagels!!  Don't forget to check the nutrition label- each bagel contains 320 calories (!!), but it also contains 2 g of fiber (regular white flour bagels contain 0 fiber).  I like Ezekiel sprouted grain loaves (but not the "lower sodium" kind- no flavor at all).  Each slice only contains 80 calories and is loaded w/ 3 g fiber!!  I enjoy it w/ Lily's peanut butter (Filipino-brand pb that can be found at Lee Lee supermarket on Warner/Dobson... Filipinos tend to favor sweeter foods, and this pb is definitely sweeter than your average pb.  It also contains a slightly higher saturated fat content, 1.5 g more than your average all-natural pb, though it is from peanut oil, so the higher fiber bread helps to counteract this!).
4	I really love Whole Foods. But it is pretty pricey. I think their produce is in better condition compared to Sunflower Market though. I go here a lot,. I love the gelato and sorbet they have over in the bakery section, expensive, but gooood. There was a Jamba Juice in the front area, but now it is just whole foods and some Allegro Coffee Company. Anyhow, i love whole foods the downside is they're expensive.
3	We are generally happy Whole Foods (or was it 'Whole Paycheck'?) customers and have seen many stores across the country. This location is one of their smaller designs with all the associates shortcomings of reduced choice and limited offerings. The salad bar was quite lame and on several days presented old wilted lettuce. Also there is no customer-usable microwave. You can do better, Whole Foods!
1	whole foods whole paycheck wholly sh$t i am sorry there prices are rediculous the only reason i went there is because since moving here from a very foody town certain products are nearly impossible to find and they do have them but you will pay, my search today was mushroms not button but chantrel/oyster/ect i was going to get every thing on my list but when i saw shallots at 4.95 a lb i bought my shrooms and split the i hit frys, shallots 2.49 a lb and of course theres always trader joes
5	I'm really pleased with the services that we got at this place.  My wife and I are on a specialized meal plan that requires that we weigh and measure all of the food we eat.  This kind of planning and prep makes it very difficult to eat out.  However, the folks in the deli here were very helpful and accommodating to our requests in this regard.Then, when we were in the checkout line, our clerk offers us bags of ice to keep our food cold on the way home.  This is far and away better service than the Whole Foods in San Mateo back in the Bay Area.  I even remarked to my wife that I wish they could just pick the whole building up and relocate this Whole Foods to the San Francisco area.  We'd come often for the great service.  Prices are higher here than at Safeway, etc., but you are definitely getting what you pay for.
1	I live in South Scottsdale. My boyfriend and I are always in tempe and we would shop at this whole foods. we loved the service there until last year we got kicked out of the store for no reason by the store manager claiming we vandalize his property yet he wouldnt show us anything on the video tape.he said he would call the cops on us if we came back for trespassing. no such agreement between us, the store, and the cops when we did nothing wrong. i want this issue to be resolved, but i wouldnt shop there until they got a new store manager. if anyone can help us out on being kicked out for no reason and what 2 do plz email me. My boyfriend and I were kicked out last july for something that we still don't know what we did. we made a complaint to the HR in texas, they were doing an investigation and we havent heard from them back at all. i was wondering does anyone know who the store manager at the tempe location is now? I believed it was eric, but i wouldnt be shocked if he got fired for that cuz he approached us off of whole foods property claiming we did something to his store.
4	This is a really great store. It's very large place with a lot of great foods available. The produce is usually quite fresh but it is overpriced. I get better prices and quality at Sprouts. I like their grass fed meat selections at the meat counter, cheese and olive bar as well as some of their beer selections. They also have dairy products from a local farm that are great. I wouldn't do all of my grocery shopping here but there are definately some items I enjoy buying here.I also really enjoy their hot food and salad bars. My friends and I go to this location and eat all of the time. They now have a smoothie and coffee bar there. I prefer starbucks but some of the people i know really enjoy their products better. they have a nice little seating area to enjoy your food and a good bakery with local ice cream sold there as well. I've also gotten some great sushi there.The staff has always been very friendly and helpful. They offer courtesy ice if you're going far. All in all I can't complain about this location. I wouldn't go to do all of my shopping there but there are definately some specialty items well worth purchasing.
3	I'm a very reluctant vegan, so I enjoy this store. It's the only place I can find vegan feta and vegan pepperoni slices. Sunflower is still my place of choice for prices, but I come to Whole Foods for the hard to find stuff.The prices are insane. I remember when I used to shop here in Boston I thought, "Well okay it's Boston. That's why these prices are insane."But the prices here are pretty much the same and um... yeah groceries aren't supposed to be that much. The employees were extremely friendly and helpful at this location which was amazing to me because every other experience I've had with Whole Foods resulted in snobby pretentious employees.
2	Whole foods is great for natural/organic specialty items, such as health and wellness items, but for everyday grocery shopping it's too expensive. I would choose Trader Joe's which is located right down the street on McClintock and Guadalupe for everything else.
1	The store can be bigger, but they have great customer service. My boyfriend and I were kicked out last july for something that we still don't know what we did. we made a complaint to the HR in texas, they were doing an investigation and we havent heard from them back at all. i was wondering does anyone know who the store manager at the tempe location is now? I believed it was eric, but i wouldnt be shocked if he got fired for that cuz he approached us off of whole foods property claiming we did something to his store.
4	This is my "go-to" WF, the one that I frequent the most. The staff is always friendly. Yes, things may be a bit pricier here -- but I feel like it's better for me, better quality, and/or BFE. So there! I have been to larger Whole Foods, but I'm comfortable with the size of this store. Plus, I think it's one of the original WF's in the valley. No free WiFi here, like the Chandler/Ray Road location - - but there is a Starbucks close by that does have WiFi.
4	Great all natural selection, if you are looking for some fruit or veggie that is hard to find, try here, they will probably have it.  I also love that they have organic roasted chickens (yummy).  The stores often have wine tastings and demos going on, check their website for listings of events.
3	Whole foods and I have a love/hate relationship.  I love to go there but hate to pay their prices... so I don't go often.  That being said, the last time I was there I got a custom-made sandwich and a cookie.  The sandwich was unremarkable but the cookie was delicious!  Yum.Might see ya there.
4	As a tiny freshman at UT, I was taken to Whole Foods (Lamar location) and I have never turned back. I love Whole Foods, from their abundant selection of vegan and vegetarian options to their wonderful employees. I guess my only novel input for this review is for all the people who call Whole Foods "Whole Paycheck." Shop the sales! Each Thursday, Whole Foods announces the new sale items. Those are the items to buy at WF. WF also announces special one-day sales on the Tempe WF twitter account. Oh! And check out the Whole Deal newsletter. It's full of recipes and coupons. Have fun shopping, Yelpers!
4	This place is awesome! I just wish I had the money to do my shopping here. I do come here whenever I can't get something at my normal supermarket, I know they'll have it here, and I haven't been disappointed yet. I especially like that they sell a lot of items in bulk (dried fruits, grains, rice, lentil, etc) So I can just get what I need and I don't need to pay for a whole package, which sometimes makes it cheaper than a less expensive store if you're looking for something specific for one recipe. Also, the smoothie bar is super good! I love the tropical green smoothie... I could drink one everyday, except they cost 5$ so I really can't... but I would. One day when I make lots of money (ha) I'll do all of my shopping here.
2	Complete and utter letdown. I was in the area, and needed a few items that are WF specific, so I thought, "Even though it's Tempe, a WF should be good, right?"WRONG!At first glace, this looks like your typical WF. Then you walk in, and realize it's like the worst nose job on the history of the planet.The vitamin section is completely disorganized. The staff is constipated. The lady helping me was pregnant, and very moody. Probably because she was due to give birth in Aisle 6 within moments. I didn't appreciate her rude attitude when she said, "We dont sell that here. If you want to find it, try another store." Jeez Louise. Ok. Fine. I will.As I was leaving, I was a little hungry, so I popped over to the prepared foods section. Everything looked old, lifeless and disgusting. Hardened mac n cheese, overly cooked chicken, and a VERY dirty salad bar.I'm not coming back. Perhaps it's Tempe. Call me Elitist, but I have higher standards than bitchy people, shitty food, and a miserable experience. I move on from situations like this, whenever possible.
5	So we live somewhere in the neighborhood, so we visited the place quite a bit. Distance, however, is not the only factor here.STAFFAlways helpful, from the meat section dudes to the cheese guys/gal to the sandwich makings fellas. Very pleasant and up for small talk. If you want your sandwiches super fast, Jimmy John's is right next door, otherwise just chill out and pick a beer or an iced tea.FOOD STUFFSThis store is smaller than the Chandler or the Scottsdale Whole Foods and thus have less things, starting with food selection and ending with the number of olive bars (none, as opposed to approximately 12 in Scottsdale/Chandler). Nevertheless, the staples of their food offerings are there and easy to find.OTHEROnly had one instance where a product went bad (or was already bad) and returning it was simple, just show up, show the product, run over to get replacement.
3	It's what i've come to expect from WF, although this store felt a little cluttered. I hit up the salad bar which was varied, but not as extensive as other WF's. The cheese section was not very impressive. I may checkout the one in Chandler.
4	A friend of mine and I stopped in to grab some meat, cheese, and wine to celebrate her move to AZ.We got all of the awesome stuff we needed, then wandered into the bakery section and spotted cannolies... The gal behind the counter gave us an extra one at no charge, which made us happy and eternally grateful later in the evening!As much as I love WF, the price tag is always a bummer. Good food = high prices though, so I suppose I will suck it up!
5	I'm always wary of Whole Foods because I always spend too much money. This trip was no different, but this Whole Foods is a level above the rest!A friend of mine and I just wanted to stop in for some snacky items to go with wine for a light, tasty dinner. We decided on some fruit, meat, cheese and a couple bottles of wine. The gentleman in the wine/meat/cheese area was incredibly helpful, pairing a wine for us with the meats and cheeses we chose. He also gave us ample samples of the meats we were interested in.We also stopped by the bakery to pick up something sweet for after dinner. We got a few cannolis, and the woman behind the counter gave us an extra one - just because!Granted, our bill wound up being over $100 just for these items, but after everyone treating us like quality, regular customers, I would come back just for the level of service.
1	I used to like coming to WF and ordering fresh sandwiches, but no more. I have had problems when ordering from this individual before, but I guess what should I expect from someone named Cujo?  My Bad.  His monotone, lack of interest, and complete disregard for me as a customer or a person was inexcusable.  Hey WF's, if you want to be in the Sandwich business, then cater to your customers.  I can go other places for sandwiches that might be a little different than yours, but those places actually act like they want my business.  I don't get treated like I am getting in the way of their very busy day.  Cujo (or what ever your name really is)  Get some training on how to help customers, then use what you learn.  I gave you three chances, all three have been poor.  So, now guess what, because of that terrible experience I am not shopping in your WF's store again, for anything!!!  I can go to Sprouts, Tj's or other WF stores who actually want my business.  See ya Tempe WF's, it hasnt been fun!!!
5	This is the only Whole Foods i have been to , so i will have to check out some others as well.This one is quite close to my house is i like it.   They have wonderful selections on everything. Fruits, veg, meat, seafood.                                                    They even have clothing, shoes and purfume.  Vitamin selection is out the roof!         So much to choose from. The one draw back,very high prices.                                      Though they will give you $$$of your bill , if you bring in your own bags.                      When you want to to treat yourself to a great shopping experiance this is place.             I feel that you will really enjoy it!
4	Good Whole Foods location overall... The workers are very nice and attentive, and the food selection is good! Not the biggest Whole Foods I've ever been to, though.
3	Honestly....this is not my favorite Whole Foods location. I love Whole Foods in general, they always have the best selection of cheeses, wine, seafood..... This location does, but, it's so small!!! All departments are just squished and therefore lacking in the variety department. In fact, the other day I had gotten some beautiful red and yellow carrots from bountiful baskets (a co-op where you pool your money and get discounted fruits and veggies) and wanted to get some more (bb is not a store, you pick up your veggies usually on saturday mornings) so I decided to come to this WF, as it is closest to me, and NA-DA. I've never come to a WF and not found what I was looking for...... weird.Besides that, their hot food bar is.....how to describe? lacking?? not fresh?? boring?? yes, those descriptions suffice. Even the salad bar is a little on the boring side for what you expect from a Whole Foods....they don't seem to change the offerings very often either... When I want to got to WF, I drive the few extra miles to the location on Ray and the 101 (just east of 101). It's big and beautiful with huge aisles, guaranteeing no cart bumps with other customers. Produce department is geourgous with a variety of veggies (and yes, red carrots) and the Hot and Salad bars are INSANE.....Don't forget to get a yummy gelato on your way out at their gelato bar. :)
3	As many a wise person has already said, this place should be called "Whole Paycheck."  I'm into organic, naturally sourced food, and this location is right around the corner from my house.  By default, I end up going here.  They have a stellar selection of wines and cheeses, and I like both, so well, Whole Foods, you had me at cheddar!  It's fun making your own peanut butter or almond butter with the self-serve grinders.  The produce selection is always vast, featuring local and in season items where necessary.  One time I went, they even had fiddlehead ferns for consumption.My main complaint is the staff sometimes seems lax.  I never get the local flavour that is so enjoyable when one is going to a place like this.  The product selection is less than most Whole Foods, but I suspect that has more to do with the reduced square footage of the Tempe location.Good, but not great.
3	I on occasion like to stop in here for lunch while I am at work. They have a nice salad bar, and hot food bar. It could be a bit better though. For the price they charge I would like to have a few more options for my salad. They don't regularly offer chicken, or anything else for the matter. Its always different. Their soups are very good though, highly recommend them! The mac 'n' cheese from the hot bar is pretty good, and I really like the BBQ chicken I tried once. The rest of the store itself is overly priced as well. But it is convenient from work, so I will stop in now and then for something I need. They do have a great sitting area to enjoy your lunch, and they offer water and coffee. I think AJ's is better, but this will do if you need a quick easy lunch in the area.
4	My sandwich from the deli was delicious, expensive, but delicious. The people in the coffee/smoothie area could step it up a bit as far as efficiency. I used to work at Starbucks and you need to be able to multi-task in such an environment. It should take 8 min for me to get a cup of black coffee :/
3	I used to occasionally shop at this location during college.. mostly for vitamins and supplements for my ma'.  They do seem to have a more extensive collection of beauty products and vitamins than the Chandler location.. or maybe it just looks that way by their use of tall shelves.The store, as a whole, is smaller than the Chandler location and has less amenities (no beer/wine bar, no Smokehouse) and I didn't feel the whole staff vibe.  Also, their salad and hot food bar was lacking significantly in comparison to the Chandler location.
2	This was my second visit to this location.  As stated in my quick tips, the lady I encountered working at the smoothie bar is not the friendliest.  LET'S BE CLEAR: The smoothies are YUMMY!.  I just don't like this location.  It is sub-par for what I've come to expect of Whole Foods.  And it doesn't help that the location on Mayo Blvd in Phoenix is incredible.  I will continue going there for the amazing customer service, variety of products and samples.
5	This is a small, but well-stocked Whole Foods! I was able to find my favorite Marich chipotle dark chocolate covered almonds here, as well as my favorite grain-free gluten-free raw granola by 2 Moms in the Raw. BOTH items are EXTREMELY hard to find. I scour each WFs I visit. I live in LA, and this WFs beat all the WFs in the SoCal area because they had these items. The hot bar and salad bar are small, but had a decent selection. I really liked the bulk section at this WFs, since it had so many good chocolate items, as well as organic dried fruits and nuts that I don't normally find. I've been to a million WFs and this one passes with flying colors! The location is very easy to find and get to as well.
3	I've been going to this location since I was in college. It has all the necessities, and is good about bringing in new products, but has the least "WOW" factor of all the Whole Foods stores. Generally small, especially the deli section (which I love), but they have most of the things I usually need. Yeah, it's expensive-ONLY depending on what you get. If you buy all the expensive organic "snack" foods, cereals, etc it will be expensive. If you buy mostly produce and bulk grains/beans it is no more expensive than the shit you could go to Fry's and buy. Shopping at Whole Foods is as much a political choice to say 'Fuck you' to Kraft, Coca Cola, and General Mills as it is voting with your money. And if you wanna vote for pesticide laden food, made from companies that brainwash with marketing, go ahead.But don't come to Whole Foods and bitch about it. LEAVE. Buying good food is not just about the actual food. It's about ecological systems, people, and sustainability.
1	I have been shopping here since moving to Tempe a year ago and have never had any problems until now. I was diagnosed with food poisoning from organic melons grown in Mexico that I had bought at Whole Foods. I called the store manager Steve just now to let him know what had happened. All is said was that the flu had been going around. Amazing that he would not even acknowledge what I was telling him. The biggest disappointment is that he did not even ask how I was doing or zip! I could not believe it, so rude. I will never step foot in that store again. I hope that Steve is not an example of what Whole Foods Corp management is made of. Very sad indeed
4	Great store but an even better staff! The staff was so accommodating & helped me find everything I was looking for plus made suggestions that really helped. Good customer service is hard to find but this Whole Foods has it!
3	I really do enjoy Whole Foods and the only reason I don't do my primary grocery shopping here is because of the expense. However, I frequent WF for their salad and hot bars during lunchtime. Again, not cheap but the food is fresh and the 'menus' are changed daily. There is always one vegetarian soup option (sometimes hard to find) and the salad bar is a light option when one doesn't indulge on the amazing veggie samosa or mashed potatoes. Maybe one day I will suck it up and start buying everyday food here. Until that day, I cannot justify spending $3.99/lb on peaches :)
4	I am a fan, although I'm not sure why. It is overpriced and nothing special, but I still go there from time to time. Definitely not a place to do your regular grocery shopping if you're on a budget. But I am sort of a health freak and I'm really glad Whole Foods market exists.
4	This Whole Foods seems like it's been here forever, and for good reason.  It's very spacious, has a lot of groceries, baked good, and health related items to offer.  The prepared salad bar section can't be beat if you're wanting something fresh, healthy-ish, and on the go.
3	Great selection of organic products at a reasonable price would skip the the lunch bar or eating out of here.... The employees are not sanitary and the place is full of FLIES! I ate here many times for lunch an each time had to remind them of sanitary issues so i stopped going back for lunch. They do have healthy options for lunch but if they are not clean i will not eat it...I also saw the juice bar where it looked good but the vegetables are left out and flies are all around.... If they where cleaner i would give them a 5 stars.
1	Seriously?! With grocery stores like Fresh & Easy, Trader Joe's, and even Safeway around here, I wouldn't go to Whole Foods regularly, for ANYTHING, unless I was a bajillionaire. 1. It's wayyyy overpriced. I'm not sure if there's a Central Market around here as haven't seen one yet, but even that is better than this in terms of price! We got a few items here, specialty items in bulk foods, for example. The wine and beer bar is cool, but unlike the Whole Foods in Austin, Tx, which was the epitome of awesome, (2) one can't walk around with beverage in hand here. Too bad the rules are so stringent about that, because if I were shopping with a glass of wine, maybe I wouldn't notice the horrendous prices quite so much.My 3rd complaint is that when we ordered coffees from the coffee stand there, my mocha and my boyfriend's latte tasted like motor oil, after taking forever to be made, and the girl saw me swipe my card but THEN told me she "didn't have a register person" and I wasn't able to cancel the transaction....so then we had to go back through the main grocery line again. Grrr.  I left unsatisfied, uncaffeinated, and feeling like I had just wasted ten bucks on coffee that we ended up pouring out. They get one star for having a wine/beer bar at all, but then I have to take that star away because the bar tender said they sold the most beer and wine of any Whole Foods in existence (I call bs - the one in Austin is twelve times busier and people can shop with their beverage of choice, and they have a bunch of restaurants there too so it's truly an experience - it dazzles). This leaves one star for the supply of bulk and specialty items they carry. We went to Trader Joe's after, got twice as much stuff, and spent half as much money. Sayin'.
3	I have such a love/hate relationship w/ this place.I love the items they sell, but I hate paying thru the nose for them.Mostly, I go here for the salad/ hot food bar. A delicious, balanced, fairly cheap lunch.
5	This review is for the smoothie bar in the front of the store. It's fantastic. We were in town for a day and a half and we had enjoyed their smoothies so much while we lived there that we went back twice in that small time frame we were visiting!We always just get the green smoothies. Tasty, healthy, win.I get the tropical one and ask for extra banana and sub one of the milks they have for the electrolyte water.Husband gets the green trekker, and says he likes it better when he subs one of the milks for the electrolyte water, too.These smoothies are not super sweet, so ask for extra banana or a touch of agave if you want more of a treat.
3	I think this place has pros and cons.  I like the large selection of organic food but I feel they are a tinge overpriced.  I was very pleased with the seafood and meat selections!  There is a pretty decent beer and wine selection here; nothing really stood out but I did find Hop Box there which was awesome.  The store is kinda small so you're running into people pretty often but I think it's a pretty lovely store altogether.
4	This place is very close to the house. It is a nice and friendly store, I like it a lot.However, everything is just so high priced now. It is really hard to shop here. You want to eat healthy , but when it costs $60.00 for one bag of items it is rough.That aside, it is a good store, they have a great staff. It is very clean and a good place to take your recyclables as well.Remember when you bring your own bag you get.10cents off, which is still a good thing. Lots of parking in the lot and a nice little  cafe inside.It is a good place to find Kale and Ropini.
5	Do you remember that 80's show where small caped creatures seemed to infest the T.V.? They were called Whammies and they weren't a good thing for the people trying to win big. Anyway, whenever I enter a Whole Foods Store it plays in the back of my head, "no Whammies, no Whammies, no Whammies, STOP!" While you are quite unlikely to get any whammies or bad vibes here, you will pay out big. With that being said the foods are healthy and mostly organic and if that matters to you then you won't mind the additional cost. I've noticed that while the people here are mostly healthier than their chain store counterparts, they are a bit more self-satisfied and they want you to know it. Can we please get the government to subsidize this crap so we can all enjoy it without it leaving us penniless?? Love this place though--hang tough!
1	This could be the worst Whole Foods in the Valley. The cold case is way smaller than most other places and they don't have all the usual salads available, including the one I came looking for which was the Tailgate coleslaw. No BBQ area, no pre-cooked meals to go or salads to go either. The smoothie place on site uses frozen fruit, not fresh fruit as well. I have come across these versions of Whole foods before and not sure why they don't renovate the older stores or move to larger location. Every one should be the same with the same choices. Will find another.
2	Was definitely not happy with the service I received here. I usually go to the Chandler location which is always awesome, but I thought I would try this loc because it's technically closer to me. Walked in and asked an employee where their juice bar was, and he answered me in a tone like I was inconveniencing him or something. Totally did not appreciate the attitude. Got in to the juice bar and the girl who took my order had the same attitude! Then when I got my drink it was hella bad. She put wayyyy too much ginger in it making it unbearable to drink. Totally sucks considering it was $10. Normally I'd even bear with it and finish something, but I just couldn't. Had to dump the whole thing.Anyway, I would definitely recommend the Chandler location. A lot more friendlier atmosphere of employees. I do understand that having dealt with different employees could have changed my experience, but I guess that's life. Won't be going back.
2	Let me start out by saying I could wander around a Whole Foods store for hours upon hours, I love everything they carry. I prefer the Chandler Whole Foods because it is brighter, and more spacious but I don't really count that against the Tempe location. But what I do consider is the staff...the staff at this location is rude! This location is on my way to school so I make it work. First of all I could walk around in a circle for 40 minutes in the beauty/vitamin department and no one would even bother asking if I needed help, as they watch me walk around forever (this has happened twice already). Technically I didn't need help but it would have been nice to have the offer. The main reason I hit this place up is the juice/smoothie bar. The first time I went in I was looking for a V8-esque type vegetable juice...I didn't see anything on their menu like that so since there is a build-your-own option I asked if they could make a V8 type juice. OH MY GOD...how dare I refer to that preservative laced arsenic in a can??!?! The girl looked at me like I was nuts and responded "I don't even know what a V8 juice is"...oh OK, sure you don't! Anyway like I said I just usually stop in for juices because I am too lazy to make my own. I always wait at least 10 minutes just to put in the order (in the morning)...I understand it takes a while to make the juices but this is usually due to 1 or 2 people running the whole juice bar and 5 people in line. Secondly they rarely get the size right, and if they do get the size right then they get the price wrong. I've caught this 4 times and they have had to correct it. It is just a disaster but like I said it is convenient so I will probably keep going on occasion. If I want to do any grocery shopping I will just stick with the Chandler location, they seem to have better variety and it is easier to maneuver around in the store! Yes, it's expensive but that is to be expected. You can score some really good deals if you watch their ads and match their coupons with manufacturer coupons!
1	i wouldn't give this company another dime. Not only did they have the saddest selection of produce i have ever seen, but the customer service was a joke. I am all about eating organic and gluten free, and i'm always in search of a fun new health food for my family to try. I went into Whole Food so excited because it was like a health food Costco. I was never once greeted, and i literally got dirty looks from a few of the people stocking shelves. I felt horribly unwelcome and my shopping experience was uncomfortable to say the least. i ended up buying 3 things because i put most everything in my cart back, and i wanted nothing more than to just leave. I don't even like to drive by that store....I hope the managers of this store read this and consider a complete staff overview, because this is no way for any store to operate.
4	When I don't want to settle for fast food this place has lots of good options.Not cheap but generally good.  Soups, stews, chowders, chili, salad bar (hot and cold), and more.  They're not all located in the same area so if you haven't ever shopped here before this is your heads up.They used to have raw for dogs that they would grind but it seems that's history now.I do like to shop in the holistic area for "meds" for family and dogs.  Often refer others to Whole Foods for such things. Like the cheese and wine selection as well as some of the things in the bakery area.  Not a full time shopper at Whole Foods.  It puts on a front that what it sells is natural or organic when in reality many of the products contain GMO's.  That's not very organic and so not worth the price.
3	Still Flies all over.. They have tried to put additional fly traps but not enough to solve a fly infestation..Also a couple employees making sandwiches are just rude and get irritated any time you ask them to do something your way.This is not a soup kitchen people I am  paying for my food.Still have the best selection for organic food as far as grocery shopping..Hot  Food bar is still bland ....
4	Organic food, unique products, beer, wine, hot / cold buffet, etc. etc.If you need a good "to go" meal - come here!  I've had take out from here more times that I can count.There are tables to eat inside, if you wish.Good groceries.  Good food.
1	JUICE BAR ONLY. BEWARE CAUTION HEALTH HAZARD LISTERIA WARNING!!! Great using organic products too make juices. The juices tasted great. Priced reasonably..  The only problem is they are filthy. One they leave out all the produce they are juicing and yes flies are around. People can sneeze on the produce. The biggest concern of mine that is a major health hazard was that they DO NOT WASH THE CARROTS. I WAS TOLD BY TRISH SUPERVISOR ON HER NAME TAG WE DO NOT WASH THE CARROTS THEY ARE ORGANIC! I ask her why the carrots look like they where just pulled out of the ground and never washed. She replied "the carrots are organic we do not need to wash them". I could not believe what I  was hearing. This is just plain ignorance and food handling 101. This falls all the way back on UPPER MANAGMENT AT WHOLE FOODS and the LACK OF TRAINING. I did get my juice but had her wash all the carrots going into my drink. Make sure you have them wash all produce going into your raw unpasteurized juice...CARROTS ARE ON THE TOP 5 LIST OF CARRYING LISTERIE ORGANIC OR NOT! http://www.forbes.com/sites/melaniehaiken/2011/10/21/the-latest-on-listeria-where-the-germs-lurk/2/I AM SURE THERE ARE 500 MORE ARTICLES TO BACK UP WHAT I AM SAYING.
2	Granted, they have lots of things you won't find anywhere else, but their prices are flat-out exorbitant. Just called to see how much king crab legs were, TWENTY-SEVEN NINETY-NINE. That is exactly DOUBLE what Sprouts is charging. I was thinking maybe 16-17 bucks, but TWENTY EIGHT DOLLARS....... Their excuse? "Its the QUALITY of everything..." That's as far as he got before I yelled "BULLSHIT" and hung up.I have seen heads of lettuce for FOUR DOLLARS, non-BPA water bottles for EIGHT DOLLARS... I understand that SUPPOSEDLY your quality is higher, but I there are laws against price-gouging.
1	Juice bar does not wash the produce. I asked why and they said since its organic we don't wash it.. Be careful or insist that they wash the produce.. This is a health hazard and extremely dangerous for the elderly and children.
1	http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDownAA&permit=FD-03718&business=Whole%20Foods%20Market&address=5120%20S%20Rural%20Rd&insp_id=3422383complaint addressed by Maricopa County Health inspector.. Maybe now they will start washing the raw fruits and vegetables.
5	I am a recent college graduate who was really poor throughout school. I always shopped at Walmart or Safeway for groceries in the past. Now that I live directly across from Whole Foods, I decided to stop in for a few ingredients the other day. I was blown away by the quality of the food and as I walked around, the whole store smelled fresh, making my mouth water. I still have to watch how much I buy, because this place is pricey. I get it that quality products are expensive and I plan to come back when I need a good cheese, bottle of wine, or tasty steak. Great. Now I'm hungry again!
2	this review is in regards to the smoothie/coffee bar only (we all already know how stereotypically yuppie, over-priced and full-of-itself the grocery store part is (and especially the customers; ), though they do have awesome stuff you cant find anywhere else, so i guess they can charge a premium and i will shop here for those specialty/natural items)anyways . . . the smoothie/coffee bar . . . in recent purchases, tried some of their iced coffee and a mocha latte. the coffee is terrible. its bitter and has a funky aftertaste. the mocha had so much mocha flavoring it was like drinking syrup but you could still taste the over-brewed, stale coffee! on a positive, they do offer almond milk (which is far superior to soy milk in flavor and consistency) along with a few other alternative milks.on to my smoothie experience . . . terrible. $5 for a small and i had them remake the first one and couldnt even drink the second one. initially, i asked for peanut butter and they put almost a racquetball-size scoop in (thats like 1/3 to 1/2 of the smoothie!). i love peanut butter. but this was so much peanut butter, i had to chew the smoothie and almost needed an epi-pen, even though im not necessarily allergic to pb in "normal" doses. so i asked them to remake it without pb. but that was after i stood there while the two girls talked (well, one talked, the other just stood there pretending not to notice me) to some lady about who knows what for a few minutes before even acknowledging me. and on another note, i know "the kids these days" are all into dubstep music . . . but if you are listening to this type of music blasting through some crappy speakers, it sounds like crap! i used to go to parties, albeit back in the day literally before dubstep was created and all we had was some dnb and jungle music, so i can appreciate some good, bowel-shaking bass and electronic music, but you need decent speakers, otherwise it sounds terrible, like the music the workers had blasting through crappy speakers behind the counter. i was about to get anxiety or epilepsy or something from it.so the next smoothie they made me was undrinkable also, but i didnt feel like returning it. we figured out they must have used some super-under-ripe bananas in it. was it payback? retribution? im sorry i insulted your inability to balance flavors by suggesting that a smoothie half full of peanut butter was not a pleasant culinary experience.so yeah, i make smoothies almost daily at home and they are far superior, so ill stick to that. its not brain surgery, just act like you give a shit about the food you are making me.
3	The checkout clerks are pretty friendly but going into the vitamin section is somewhat unnerving as it was very disorganized and the customer service is completely indifferent. Call me INTJ but I really don't like asking for help when I am in a store but decided to ask because we were pressed for time. I only remember her pointing to the bee pollen and nothing else was said. Nobody else wandering the aisles were offered any help as well. They have a lot of beauty items and brands that I love so that's a plus. They also carry henna hair color, which is relief so I can stop buying it online. I would really only return here to this location if I had to.
5	This is our favorite Tempe store - We love the bakery in particular - we buy our favorite Ciabata or Wolfgang bread almost every other day. The bread always tastes great, and the staff are friendly and courteous. I can also find organic phyllo dough and  Bulgarian yogurt here.
5	Love the juice bar
4	Friendly service. Only 4 stars instead of 5 because the Chandler location has a bigger variety, while the Tempe location is simply a smaller store.
5	I thought I'd update my reviews here by mentioning that there will be an ice cream social event on Saturday, July 27th, from 2p to 5p, or so an e-newsletter informed me this morning!  I clicked on the Facebook link http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1 to get more information, which led me to a WF website link that stated "all Whole Foods" will be participating.  I wish I could go, because not only will WF have their own brand of ice cream on-hand, but one of my favorite organic brands, Three Twins, is going to be featured, and both email and website state that for every Three Twins purchase made, one dollar will be donated to the Non-GMO Project!  To find out more this organization, please visit http://nongmoproject.com.The website mentioned all WF stores are participating, but that "some stores might have sweet concoctions up their sleeve like sundaes, shakes, floats and malts and many are planning fun events for kids and adults alike..."  Wish I could attend the event myself, but I'll be at work, so for those of you planning to attend, just have an extra tablespoon of ice cream for me!  :)Read more about the event here http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1
3	The smoothie bar is good but the prices are extraordinarily high. I understand that whole foods is occasionally called whole paycheck foods but still. I make smoothies at home for most of my meals but sometimes you just want someone else to make it for you. But to the tune of 7 dollars it goes beyond a convenience fee. Also the lines are disorderly and I've been skipped multiple times due to the confusion. All that being said, the smoothies are exceptional and if I was rich I would buy them daily.
4	love there juices.  a little overpriced but worth it
4	We stayed in Tempe for 6 days and went here twice. The product selection was decent, the store was clean, the samples were plentiful, and the employees were helpful, especially the guys in the beer and cheese areas.We were hungry one morning and decided to eat breakfast there before shopping and we're happy to find that they had fresh cooked vegetarian items -- biscuits & gravy, potatoes, scrambled eggs, etc., which was really nice and unexpected.
4	This is my go to spot when i need my juicing needs met when i am too lazy to do it on my own...lol....and the ladies at the juice bar always hook me up!! If you have an obsession with beets, like I do...try the "My Bloody Valentine"!!! It's heaven. I love this location because it's near my job I love to people watch here being so close to ASU, and it was the first Whole Foods store in the Metro Phoenix area!!
3	This is one of the smaller Whole Foods I've been to, but if you're just in to get the staples, this will do.The staff is your typical WF staff-a mix of aloof hipsters and friendly mother types who will for the most part go out of their way to help you find what you need. The produce section is nice and well-stocked the couple of times I've been. Their bulk bins are great-I've seen a few things in there that I haven't seen at other markets.Their salad and hot food bar is pretty minimal and there's no juice bar which was kind of disappointing. However they do have a growler station, so if you're into beer, you'll probably enjoy that.Overall, it's pretty average, but since I'm in the East Valley it's my closest option. My expectations are managed and I'll be back.Update: another yelper kindly let me know that there IS a juice bar at this location! I'll have to pay more attention next time I'm in.
4	Nice & healthy juices!!!  Great selection!  Whole Foods just have so many awesome offerings, not just juices but also a ton of healthy food and snack choices, fresh produce, alternatives to a much healthier diet and way of life.  Customer service rocks too!  The moment you look like you're lost or confused and walking around in circles, an employee is bound to ask you if you need help and help they do with a smile and courteousness...  I love this Whole Foods Market!!!
5	Whole Foods is the best for  unprocessed and organic food. I absolutely love it!
5	Whole Foods has the best customer service than any other big stores I have been to in Arizona. Also, I feel their brand; I have had vegetables, cheese, Turkey and Wines. There are many healthy selections at this store. Also, if you were looking for BIRTHDAY CAKE, this would be the best last minuet to purchase. They have the decent selection of the cakes. As the frequent customer to here, I always would like to recommend this place to everyone. The store is very clean and bright. If you like gourmet cheese, you can ask for the tasting and compare with the other brand. Everyone in this store is knowledgeable about their product, which makes me feel comfortable buying their product here!!!
5	Love this place . Been going here for about a year now . Very good place to shop for healthy food . I go there and get the fresh squeeze vegetable juices often . Great employees , great atmosphere .
4	This is a smaller Whole Foods. I normally only come here in a pinch. The best part of this location is definitely the juice bar. It is huge. At other Whole Foods the juice bar can be small and the menu can be a little limited. I give this location four stars because I love Whole Foods, but it is laid out a little funny and is kind of hard to navigate.
2	I love Whole Foods, eat there almost every day. This location however does not carry half the products most do, the salad bar is weak and I just bought some cut fruit with mold at the bottom. Go to the Ray Rd location if you have the means it's a much better location.
5	It's been a tough journey to find an actual bakery, and I've finally found it here! Their breads are dense and full of flavor; even the heels taste good. They have a huge selection of all different sorts of cheeses. The meats here are visibly fresher/better than the alternative at other grocery stores, and I really like their transparency regarding where the meat came from. I know, not everyone cares, but if you do, this is a good place to go. Love their salad bar as well. In short, I just really love this store and everything it contains. Unfortunately, there's a price to pay. WF = whole paycheck. But I believe it's better to spend a little more money now than to pay the doctor later.
3	People call Whole Foods "Whole Paycheck" for a reason. Come here and spend all your hard earned money on food. That should be their slogan. I go to whole foods to find non gmo foods. Now, just because Whole Foods claims to be a health food store, don't be fooled. Most of their food contains GMO ingredients. You have to look specifically for the non gmo label or organic food label. This makes your selection limited. But until humanity wakes up and puts health before profits this is what i have to deal with in this psychopath society where food is not safe to eat unless you pay more to not get cancer.Because if you look at the studies of how GMO effects lab rats you will see they grow huge tumors. Our society in 10 years will have devistating effects from the gmo foods. I look for the non gmo labels and organic labels only. But..sometimes i just won't buy certain things at Whole Foods..like Cheese which can cost like 8-9 dollars for a little thing of cheese. Like come on, if i get ten things for 10 dollars each..it will be a hundred dollars for a little bag of food. This is highway robbery.  Why do we have to suffer and pay more for food that won't kill us. Oh yeah, it's because cancer is a huge business..and those who are supposed to look out for our health are making a lot of money. Anyway, this whole foods is fine. It's not the best though. A better one is in Chandler on Ray road. It has a big salad bar. This one has a small salad bar that's not so impressive. But it's closer to me. I'm hoping that one day Whole Foods will really be the health food store it claims to be. As for now, it seems that  a whole lot of people have to die from GMO food for people to wake up. Although, Americans are too dumbed down to notice that all their friends and relatives are getting cancer. As long as Honey Boo boo is on TV that's all that matters.I will continue to shop here..but go to Trader Joes in Scottsdale to get less expensive organic foods and only get at Whole Foods what i cannot find at Trader Joes.
4	The only down side is the prices, but then again in life you pay for what you get. It's a healthy grocery store, but this review is mainly for the deli where you can get made to order sandwiches. Stop by and get their grilled chicken, throw some pesto and aoili on it and whatever else you like. You won't be disappointed I promise. Get a Hubert's Lemonade on the way out too.
5	What a nice store! Nice change from grumpy Frys employees by me lolHad a lovely time shopping today at this location. Got some great products, food and treats! All the staff is very helpful, genuinely happy and know their stuff! Yes, it is more expensive to shop here, but such a sweet staff to make a awesome experience! The bakery, cheese area & vitamin area all helped me today. Kudos to them! :)I also love coming here for lunch. The sandwich & sushi are great choices. Even the check out line, the cashier and bagger were happy and nice! They must treat their employees great here!! Kinda makes me wanna get a part time job here to be happy with everyone! Happy dance! Lol :)
5	This is a relaxed no rush, grab you things and continue your day. After the hustle and hard work a little time to shop in a calm atmosphere is always needed. I have been here to a of times and it's like my stress reliever. All tree hugging parts of my body love to be around healthy positive people
4	I found out about this place when my friend recommended that there was a juice place inside. Whole foods has everything fresh and lots of healthy items. I was in pure health heaven, lol. Their beef burgers and chicken that were pre-marinated looked so good and just fresh!The customer service was good. Very nice and polite folks. They have a mini deli to where you can choose from an assortment of items ranging from different type of salads, rice, meat, and so forth. The store is very clean of course. Only downside is of course you got to spend. Some of the items are pricy, but you do pay for what you get and that's quality. So, overall, its a nice place with quality ingredients and good service.
5	Designer organic food. This is the best way to describe Whole Foods. Or should I call it "Whole in my Pocket Foods."  Maybe it's the fresh turmeric root you can't get a regular supermarket. Maybe it's the fresh whole ginger that's also not available at regular super markets. Maybe it's the 100% Acai juice with no other ingredients. These are the things that keep me coming back. After that, I always end up overspending on things like broccoli or kale because I'm there anyway and it's convenient to pick it up. Whole Foods does have other cool stuff. For example, the variety of gluten free pasta is nice. So are all the choices for healthy cereals and chips. Am I happy about the price per pound for organic chicken, beef, etc?  No but I keep coming back.  Is it an addiction to this place?  Maybe. Just be wise and always double check the organic section at your local supermarket to save quite a few bucks and make Whole Foods your choice for the stuff you just can't get at other supermarkets. I've got to give it 5 stars because I'm always treated really well when I come and I appreciate the stuff I can't get anywhere else.
3	This is my neighborhood Whole Foods. If you could see my bank statement it would show you that I am a very frequent shopper. I go to the juice bar everyday that I am in town. The juice bar is great, though I would like to see more organic produce. After I order my juice I head inside the store to make myself a salad to take to work for lunch. This is where I have complaints. The salad bar is terrible. There is no consistency whatsoever. Sometimes it is stocked, sometimes it's not, sometimes it looks fresh, sometimes it looks like it has been sitting there for 2 days. Sometimes there is no protein or cheese. I am there around lunch time, you would think this would be prime time to have the salad bar stocked. It's funny, whenever I check out they ask me if I found everything OK. If I mention that the salad bar was pretty cruddy, they say "oh, OK". Why bother to ask? They never ask a follow up question or say they will mention it to a manager.So alas, today may have been my final straw. I may go the other direction and go to AJ's instead.I am bummed we have to part ways Whole Foods, but there is only so much disappointment a girl can take.
4	On the smaller side as its an older store. They don't have as many raw and gluten free options as I'm used to. However, the staff is amazing (as usual for a Whole Foods) and the Allegro and juice bar is extensive (which I love).
4	I just discovered, well my roommate discovered the most delicious new drink. It's a coconut milk / almond milk blend. It's so good you guys you gotta try it. It has that mild coconut flavor and the thickness of almond milk. After I grabbed a bottle of the blend I stopped by the coffee place on my way out for an Americano. The lady in front of me asked if they were still out of espresso and they were. I was sort of disappointed about that and went with just regular iced coffee instead. It was good but I think it was a little too pricey considering it was just a coffee. I would definitely want to try one of their smoothies though all the ingredients looked like they just belong together!!
5	I love this juice bar.. The girls there are OK, semi-friendly. Would be nice to see some diversity in clerks BUT the juices, Oh my word! So gooodddd. They juice  your drink right there in plain view, fresh fruits & veggies out. Clean looking environment. Love these juices & the fact that you can create your own blend too..Oh, One thing tho, they are starting to ask if you want ice. Say no, because its not necessary, the juice itself has a nice natural cool semi-chill to it. I at first said yes, then change my mind... but she didn't feel my juice all the way up incase, I wanted to add ice, which left me out about a good 20% of my juice. But, now we know for next time. ;p
1	Wow. Rude. The staff in the bakery/coffee area are not pleasant. My family stopped in to get something sweet. The girl behind the counter was not friendly at all. When asked for a sample she seemed annoyed and rushed even though no other customers were there. Her impatience made the situation awkward for my kids and for me. She just kept asking anything else, anything else to rush us along. No smile. No personality. She was just unpleasant. While we were getting ice cream, my husband was looking for cannoli. The other Whole Foods stores in the Valley full the cannoli as you order it. Theirs was pre-filled and in the case. On this particular day they had one cannoli. My husband was inquiring to the other employee about when this was prepared.  He couldn't see the date in the bottom and asked. Apparently it was already 2-3 days old so obviously it would be soggy. He said we were used to the Whole Foods near us where they made them to order. The employee said well we're not as busy we don't have the staff etc.  Made excuses instead of offering a solution even being friendly and then said anything else (just like the other) and walked away. My husband looked at the girl helping me and asked is she always this rude? Not knowing that the girl helping me was just as rude. She replied with 'well when you talk about other Whole Food stores and how they do things, well...' As if their shitty attitudes were justified. Since the person helping my husband was supposedly a manager my husband told her 'you know you gotta be nicer to your customers and not be so rude'. Her reply was 'I didn't think I was being rude'. My husband wasn't rude not was I or anyone in my family. These two were just jerks. Then we go to check out and the cashier was tweaking hard. But at least he was nice. Amped up - but nice. WTF Whole Foods?!
5	There is a juicy bar behind the main door, They have many many different smoothies. Soo great I never tried it before it's incredible and fresh I have tried the coconut milk with mango and pineapple , so glad that I saw it...
5	Every time I come here I leave with a smile. The staff from janitorial to management are friendly, super helpful, and just make shopping here a joy. I love all of the natural selection and the ambiance is always so festive, I also appreciate the lighting. They don't use those awful unforgiving florescent lights. I am a person of color and good customer service always gets noticed by me since I am also familiar with the opposite. Thanks whole foods for adding happiness to my life! I would only ask that they add Rejuvalac to their probiotic beverages and that they expand their hot bar selections a bit.
1	WOW. Worst whole foods I've ever been to  in the states the people at the sandwich bar are so unpleasant and obviously hate their jobs or something I've never seen such an unfriendly staff at a whole foods also they wanted to charge me extra for putting avocado on my veggie sandwich when avocado was basically the only veggie I got besides 2 others. I've been to whole foods all over the U.S. from Indiana to Hawaii and they've never once charged  for that. I love whole foods but there is something wrong with the staff at this location.
4	They have a interesting selection of food stuff here and non-food stuff here, the drawback IMO is they tend to be on the more expensive side, But they have stuff that you dont see at other grocery stores. If you dont mind higher prices and snooty yuppie people not a bad place to go.
3	Love whole foods and I come here at least twice a week for lunch but my lunch consistently gets cold after I have to wait 15 minutes for my green tea. Every time.
2	I have been to this store several times with disappointment.  You really have to watch expiration dates.  There organic boxed salads are almost always expired.  I always have to find an employee to get me items from the back room that are fresh and should be out on the shelf.  it should be a normal routine to go through the produce and throw out the aged items.   This happens ALL the time. Believe it or not, Wal-Mart is now selling quite a bit of wrapped organic produce items.  Better to buy it pre-wrapped than to have everyones hands all over the unwrapped veggies.
5	Always a super friendly staff with some really high end products. I love to get good steaks from throw butcher. Very nice beer selection with growler filling. They run growler specials on Sunday and Tuesday
5	Even though the prices are on the high side, I'm giving a 5 star review due to the level of service experienced from an associate named Brad at the cheese and meat counter.  Brad spent a good ten minutes helping me and my lovely girlfriend on selecting good cheeses to pair with certain wines. This employee went above the level of service expected from a major grocery chain and we were highly satisfied.
1	I made a salad for a late dinner here and sat down to eat it in their food court, a few bites from finishing my meal the manager came over to ask me to leave because they just closed... Walking out he replied to the register that "he is finishing now" which I replied, no, I wasn't, you wouldn't let me remember?, which he snookered, "sorry, I can't let people go till everyone is gone." As I finished my last few bits in my truck, I watched the last few customers leave. Why he couldn't let me finish my meal is beyond me, but fuck this store. Can't I give less then 1 star?
1	Rude and unprofessional staff. I had my cart dissembled and received no apologies. I would expect much better customer service in Whole Foods since the store has higher prices compared to other groceries. However, I have never experienced such cart thievery by staff in other grocery stores, even after leaving cart alone for a while.I left my cart and went to the deli where I waited for deli lady to tell me ingredients and price of the pizza dough; it took her much longer than I expected. When I returned to place where I left my cart, there was none. I asked pink-haired bakery lady if she's seen it, but she didn't. When she asked cashiers, little Asian guy admitted that he dissembled it and returned my meat and cheese to the departments. No apologies. Bakery lady didn't say anything either. Wow, what a great customer service!I had to go back to the meat department and ask for my meat, explaining the situation. Meat guy said that it was probably done, so food wouldn't be stolen. Now I was accused of potential stealing. How the food sitting on the cart can be stolen?! On top of that, they sold my ground beef package, so I had to wait for new ground beef to be grounded and then packaged for me for 20 minutes. Again, no apologies were given.
5	The cleanliness of this store is simply breathtaking. Never in my life have i seen such a sharp, beautifully- maintained establishment of any sort. I am what you could call a connoisseur of janitorial arts. I pay attention to the little things, the details, the finer aspects of sanitation. The direction the toilet paper hangs, the amount of pressure needed to function the soap dispensers, the ratio of dirt particles to overall floor tiles. The amount of wet floor signs needed to safely warn pedestrians of a hazardous floor. (Use as little as possible to maximize floor space, but enough to warn of the potential disaster.)  I must say, this store hit it out of the park...The aroma- i felt as thought I had walked into an English garden and urinated into a River of Dreams. For a moment, I contemplated eating my organic caesar salad in the restroom, just to feel a touch of elegance while i dined. I'm not sure what Master of Sanitation you have watching over your store, but he is truly a master at his craft... a young child vomited down the cereal aisle, and within seconds, the young man of great courage and strength came frolicking down the aisles with mop and bucket in hand. Within seconds, he had once again reclaimed  the potentially hazardous situation back to its original state. He was victorious. A few minutes later, I noticed a full garbage can. I was just about to raise my concern with the manager, Steve I believe his name to be, about this unsanitary scenario. Before I could even mutter my first word, I saw this Cleanliness Warrior rush over with a garbage bag in hand. He so elegantly and extravagantly replenished the garbage with a fresh, empty bag and disposed of the old one. After that, I see him helping an elderly woman across the parking lot, assisting her with her grocery bags. Is there anything this Superman can't do.... Wow... I must end this review before my emotions get the better of me. Great work Whole Foods Tempe. I look forward to my future return to your Castle of Clean.
