5	Awesome experience, very pleasantly surprised!!! Everything I tried was incredible, even the things I was not sure I would like and the prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are generous.Highly recommended :-)
5	Went tonight with my whole family including teenagers and my parents in their late 60's. Very good food!! We tried a variety of dishes and shared because we wanted to sample a little bit of everything. I particularly liked the chicken breast kabob, the beef tikka kabob, and both the chicken and the beef keemah kabob. The seasoned brown rice and the spinach rice were delicious. I thought the prices were very reasonable. This is the perfect place for a family dinner. There is something on the menu for everyone....even picky eaters.
5	First time eating at a middle eastern restaurant. Gyro and samosa aren't limited to Greek and Indian cuisine, respectively. Great place for lunch if you are looking for smaller portions. Definitely bringing my friends one day.
5	Tried this place for the first time. I got the beef kabob with brown rice and naan and my boyfriend got the lamb with spinach rice and the salad bar. Both dishes were delicious! The beef kabob was tender and juicy with a full flavor. Loved the green sauce that came with it. It was spicy but fresh. The lamb definitely tasted like lamb unlike some other places that over season the meat and mask its original flavor. The salad bar had many different toppings with even pickled vegetables like brusslesprouts, garlic and carrots.I didn't see the $20 for $25 deal until after we already paid but the owner was so awesome he gave us a large slice of baklava  on the house. The baklava tasted homemade and fresh. Just the perfect sweetness to hit the spot. The owner also brought out a savory dumpling dish for us to try which was like ravioli. Such a great guy!I wish this place well. They are off to a great start!Had to update my review. I called in a order for pick up and this girl on the phone was so rude and dumb. I met her in person and she was even worse! She has to go!!!
5	I tried this restaurant out for the first time this evening and was very pleased with what I had. I ordered a soup, an appetizer and an entree and everything was very flavorful and cooked very well- without too many spices to overdo the flavor of the main course,  or to confuse the name of the dish by killing it with too many seasonings. The two ways that Middle Eastern, Thai, Indian, etc. food can be spoiled in my humble opinion are by over cooking the food until the vegetables are a ghost of their former selves or by adding too much oil to where you can't feel your lips anymore and need plenty of napkins. I experienced none of that here and the flavors were exceptional. Even the vegetable samosas came out very tasty without being overly oily and everything I had just hit the spot. I went in on a Sunday evening and it was slow, and the server even brought out a vegetarian dish for me to try on the house! Lots of flavor and went well with the bread that comes with the entree, served nice and warm.  There also have a few stuffed naan bread options that look really interesting for when you're in that comfort food type of mood. I'll definitely be going back again for sure :)
5	I had the lamb kabob with rice and my wife had the beef kabob.  Both were delicious and perfectly cooked.  The staff was very nice.  I am a transplant from the east coast and have yet to find decent meat on a stick here, especially lamb, but this took me back home.  It was really good and tasted authentic.  I would definitely recommend this place
5	I went here with my parents for dinner and got the group platter and chicken samosas. We were stuffed and had plenty left to bring back home for the next day. The staff were very friendly as well.
5	I miss ya baby.  You were exotic and exciting and mysterious.  You opened me to a whole new world.  And of course, I didn't appreciate you enough and didn't pay enough attention and one day you were gone and I was heartbroken, wondering what I was going to do next, which turned out to be pick another one up on the other side of the highway, and continue my passionate affair.With Afghani food of course!Had a nice lunch today at this Afghani restaurant that opened two weeks ago. At the northeastern corner of Higley and Baseline, this space has been a revolving door of mediocre Indian buffets, but this restaurant I'm hoping is here to stay. First impression, I'm not going to miss Ariana's, which was a short-lived Afghani restaurant on the other side of the 60.  Tastefully decorated with mainstream music playing not too loudly, was a spacious place for lunch.  There was a 20 top that was seated shortly before us, so can't judge service too much, as it was probably around 30 minutes before we got our food. They proclaim proudly about a 72 hour marinade process and a custom made kebob grill thats supposed to be the bees knees.With whatever you order you get a choice of different sides, amongst a salad bar, which although tiny had a nice assortment of add-ons, like chick peas, afghani pico, roasted red peppers, chutneys, and conventional stuff you'd expect as well.Yummy times on the Lamb Kebobs! The skewer was removed from the meat, so although it looks small it still packs quite a punch (twhs) and was quite a filling meal. Tasty, lean lamby goodness, with a firm and satisfying mouthfeel!  The chutney was pretty tart, I liked it a lot, although I disagree with a previous comment about the spiciness. The little cup of pico de gallo Afghani style (haha I'm sure theres an actual name but too lazy to look it up) was tasty. Also I'm sure misnamed but the Tahini sauce was thinner then a greek one and more herbacious, quite delicious. The spinach accented basmati rice was fine but not noteworthy.My wife had their GRILLER- Tikka kabob, grilled onions, grilled vegetables and creamy house sauce, had a few bites and was quite tasty. Their naan bread they used for the wrap is thicker and almost wheatier then anything I've had before, kinda neutral on it but worked as an acceptable conveyance of the deliciousness inside.Has only been opened two weeks so will continue to explore what they offer, pretty wide assortment of items on their menu, with some vegetarian entrees for those so inclined.
4	Being extra generous but its a 3 for food quality at best but the owner was very quick to respond when they left items off my order. Will give it one more  shot  soon, hope they serve beer or wine by then!
3	Wife and I tried this place last night for the 1st time. I had the Lamb Kabob, with a side of Badenjan  Borani (eggplant). My Wife had the Lamb Chops with a side of Borani Kadu (butternut squash) and both of us had some Naan. We are huge fans of Mediterranean food and India food, this place was similar along those lines, basmati rice, tzatziki sauce.. you know.. all of that...sooooooWhen you first walk up to the place it doesn't look like much from the outside. From the inside the seating is spacious, decor is average, they have one flat screen T.V. on the wall and they like to blast top 40 music. It is very clean. There weren't many people just my wife and I and about 3 other people for a 6pm Thursday night. As you walk in you're corralled into a walk way area where there is a menu on the wall to chose your dishes. You will place your order 1st and pay at that time then they will hand you a number and they will bring your food to you at your table. Pepsi products here only. The booth we sat in was super comfy and I kind of like that it wasn't super busy. We had attentive service, but like I said just about a total of 5 people eating. The two girls working seems like they needed something to do. :)The food.. was good. My lamb was soft and the brown rice was nice, my Wife thought they may have put something in it as she thought it was very good compared to her white rice. Her lamb chops were cooked just right and very good. My eggplant was very slightly sweet and tasty, the butter squash my Wife had was slightly sweet and very good as well. They have us plenty of naan so much we took it home. I enjoyed the dinner and environment as well as the servers were nice. There wasn't anything that WOW'd me so I'm not so inclined to give full stars. Al together for 2 dinners I think we payed over $30 dollars, so not the cheapest place to eat. I'm thinking the dollar amount could be slightly less for the amount of food, but no complaints. I be back to try another item and maybe I'll give this place one more star, we'll see.. but I do recommend the place at least one time.
5	Good quality of food. Reasonable prices. Quick service. Friendly server and a kind owner. Who is up and running, making food and checking in at the customers all the time. Authentic food. The right ingredients for a successful restaurant.
3	I tried this out because I got a $20 groupon for $11 and am a sucker for fresh naan!  We tried a sampler of small plates of which the spinach somosas was the hands down best.  The beef kabob was flavorful  but over cooked and dry.   It's a new establishment and they have some kinks to work out but some of the favors are amazing. ...but a tad heavy on cilantro for me.
5	Delicious!!  I haven't had good Afghani food since I left NY.  My husband, who is an old school "meat and potatoes" guy, had the beef keemah kabob and loved it.  I had the chicken breast kabob and also loved it.  The servers were friendly and attentive, and the owner stopped by to see how our meal was going.  I will definitely be going back soon.
5	Great food. Friendly. Flexible. I had the lamb and the special meatballs. Oh, and the spinach qorma. My brother made me try the chicken kebab. I'm not usually a fan of chicken. It was amazing. All very tasty!
5	Okay... this place is amazazing!!I love this kind of food to begin with, But Rania's is just awesome. I went there for the first time on Tuesday of this week and I have been back every day for lunch! The Naan bread is out of this world and cooked fresh in their clay pot oven when you order it. We tried the appetizer sampler platter and everything was really good, especially the Spinach Samosa. I've tried both the beef Keemah Kabob and the Chicken Breast Kabob and they'e great. the Spinach Seasoned Rice is great too.The owner and his staff were really nice to us and I just can't say enough good about this place! Prices are very reasonable too. You gotta try them out!
4	We tried Ranias tonight for dinner. The food was really good love the brown rice also the jalepeno chutney Yummy. I had the steak kabob and my husband has the pan fried fish both were very good, We shared a vegetarian mushroom dish liked the salad bar and the naan bread. It's kind of a quiet place and didn't seem that busy. Which is a shame because the food and service are good.
5	What a fantastic, delicious delight!  After seeing it post-workout at Fitness Works I decided to give it a try.  So glad that I did.  Will look forward to returning weekly.
1	Horrible service. Took forever to serve the complete order. Don't want to waste more time by writing a more elaborate review.
5	Pleasantly surprised at this place, wasn't sure what to expect. Had the lamb and chicken kabobs with spinach rice.. Really good! I stopped in to get this to go, service was quick and I didn't want long. Spinach and cheese samosa are great too. I'll definitely go back for more!
2	This was our first and probably last visit. We placed a takeout order with a teenage, blonde cashier who was "interesting"..to say the least. My boyfriend asked for a lid to his to go cup and she asked him if he could be patient (in a sarcastic tone)-yikes! Anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm big on service so that gets a 1 star in my book. The food took forever and when we got home they forgot his bread and gave me a dry chicken salad with nothing more then lettuce, tomatoes, onions and cucumbers..deconstructed sandwich? The portions were on the small side for the price. Not impressed.
4	Ate their for the first time with a Groupon. Had the special meatballs that we're good. What amazed me was how delicious the rice an naan bread was.... Like I couldn't stop eating it. I will absolutely go back again
5	Went to lunch here today and really enjoyed the visit and the food.  The restaurant is clean, well decorated, and the wait staff is very anxious to make sure you know all about the menu.  My companion is vegetarian and has had Afghani food before, so he quickly decided on the eggplant (Badenjan  Borani),  with lentil soup as an appetizer. He was pleased with all the vegetarian options, though there are many choices for carnivores, too.   The meal comes with a delicious generous portion basmati rice with a sprinkling of shredded carrot and raisins, and a large portion of naan for each person.   I got mushroom quorma, with vegetable samosas as the appetizer.   I absolutely recommend this place and will return, for sure.  In fact, my friends and I are going there on Wednesday!
3	Great food, slow service. We came here for lunch and were confused what to do because no one greeted us at the entrance. Do we go to the counter and order? Sit in a booth? It was actually another table of people we recognized who told us we could sit at a table and wait for the waitress to come over.So sit we did. And we waited, and waited. Eventually one person at our table managed to hail a staff member and let him know that we were on a tight schedule for lunch and needed to order ASAP. We finally got some menus and were able to browse through the selections.Along with kabobs, they also have various vegetarian and stew-like dishes. I decided on the eggplant ($9.95). When it came out, it was a heaping portion of veggie and rice.  The eggplant had a tender soft texture, with a savory tomato based sauce. The rice was perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned, with some sweet carrot and raisin mixture on top. Although service was slow, the staff did apologize profusely, saying that they were swamped for lunch that day. I found that a bit odd since they were only a little less than half capacity when I looked around the restaurant. I'd like to try Rania's again, but maybe when I'm not in such a time crunch for food.
5	Food was amazing they had 3 different kinds of rice.. The chicken and steak kabobs melt in your mouth and a small craft beer selection. A local gem you have to try this place
5	Tried the beef mantu, chicken samosa, beef keemah kabob, chicken kabob! So good. The restaurant was clean & the staff was super friendly!!
5	Delicious!!! I tried this placed yesterday during lunch with a few of my friends. We decided to family style everything in order to taste a little bit of everything on the menu. We ordered 12 different dishes, and they were ALL great!! My personal faves are the beef keemah kabob, and lamb chops. Their house sauce is something outta a dream! Please leave room for dessert and tea though, or you will be disappointed!! My favorite dessert was the cream puff!
5	The place is clean, and plates are plentiful, the service is excellent and the Ashak plate is delicious!
5	Me and my parents went to Rania today and the food was great!! My favorite food was the gyro and ashak. But today there wasn't really any people in there except for three other people. So it would be very helpful if you guys would recommend this place to a friend, so more people will come and try it.  :-)
5	What a treat! I finally made it out to the restaurant and it was fantastic! I tried Beef Mantu - it was a first for me and I loved it! The flavor in the beef, the spice in the sauce and the garlic yogurt --YUM!!! Then we had the Chicken Keemah kabob and the Lamb kabob- perfectly cooked , flavorful spice and tasty tasty rice! Happy and full by the end of the meal, but we were not done! There was still a piece of amazing homemade Baklava- it was warm, it was flaky and it was sweet from honey! If you live in AZ you have to make your way down to this spot in Gilbert -- Higley market place shopping center!!!
1	I bought a gift card for Groupon for this restaurant $15 what's the cost for $30 worth of food thought that was a great deal until after I finished the purchase and it said I could only use 10 dollars at a time it did not tell you this until after you confirm your purchase very dishonest when I asked the owner if I could use them. anyway that I was from out of town and would not be able to come back he said no so I got up and left I felt the server was very rude I tried to place an order several times she looked at me and walked away then when I asked to speak to the owner about the mishap with a certificate he didn't come until they put the food on the table. The food did look good and it was a good price but I was very unhappy with how they treated me.
4	Visited Ranias after a purchasing a Groupon for the restaurant. The food was delicious, hot, amd fresh. I had the beed sirloin kabob platter with about 6 good sized pieces of sirloin and amazingly seasoned brown rice. The naan was served hot, fresh from the oven and was absolutely delicious! Several beers on tap and bottle choices as well. I would definitely visit again!!!!
5	Groupon success again! Prior to heading to Rania's, I had an image of an older shopping center with a small hole in the wall restaurant. Very traditional in appearance and strong spice smells.This was not the case. The Higely Shopping Center is newly developed next to the new Banner Hospital. The restaurant is pretty spacious; 8 booths (I think) and about 6 tables. The Expo window let's you view the kitchen while serving yourself with a delightful salad or Pepsi product. The decor was colorful and lively, but still showed tradition with a modern flair. The young female servers were friendly and helpful, so much so that they ordered almost all my order. Which I was wanting because I didn't know what to expect being a novice to Middle Eastern\Afghani food. I placed me  to go order for my boyfriend and I,  which took about 10 minutes,  I think to complete. The spread include:  - Vegetable Samosas: fried potato turnover with onion and peas. Delicious!- Beef Mantu: beef steamed dumplings covered in a red and cream sauce. They were like raviolis with spicy marinara. Good, not sure I order again. - Roasted Red Pepper Hummus: fresh and yummy. A little atypical as it was chunky; not smooth like most hummus.- Chicken Kabob with spinach rice and Naan: Rice was scrumptious, chicken was tender and juicy, but I felt it needed more in flavor. Naan, well I will get to this later. - Beef Sirlion Kabob with spinach rice and salad bar: Like the chicken it was missing the mark in flavor for me, but the green spicy sauce, taziki and Mediterranean Pico added to it. The salad bar had mixed greens that you could add Kalamata olives, grilled mixed veggies, garbanzo beans, etc. Quite an array of fixings and dressings. All fresh and cold. Now most of important the Naan! I don't know if they have one of those fancy flat tops or steamer things, but the bread was crisp and fluffy. The burnt edges were lil' smoky bites of goodness. The slight drizzle of olive oil added a sweetness that made me want gobble it. Did I add they served up a plentiful amount and thank goodness they did as it was amazing with hummus or just alone. Will I go back?  Heck yes, Groupon or not. Tip on the Groupon: Make sure you read fine print; any smart person does! You cannot use it with other coupons or specials and there are two offers are available. One for a set amount to use in whole and the other to spilt into 3 separate small amounts.
3	I have visited this place 3 times now. I want to give it a better rating but it has been so inconsistent regarding service. The food itself is 4 star rating. I love everything I've tried. Chicken Kabob and Eggplant Borani are great. This time I was on the phone for 10 min while the waitress figured out how to put in the order. I waited30 min for a call ahead order on a Sat.  I hope the restaurant gets it together because I really like the food!
4	I really like the food here. I had never tried Afgahni food and couldn't say it was authentic but what they are serving is really good.  Some times the service can be slow but I've mostly done call in for pick up or delivery.  I keep wanting to try new things but often find myself getting the chicken breast kabob or naanwhich. The fish is excellent.  Love the green rice. I recently noticed they changed the menu so more new things to try.  I was less impressed by the spinach naanpizza but still might try the others. The restaurant is clean. All staff I dealt with were friendly.
5	Wife got the beef keemah, basmati rice and naan. I got the beef keemah and chicken keemah combo with rice and a salad. Also we ordered a side of grilled vegetables. I have to say these folks have something special here. Good spices in the meat. Rice was cooked to perfection. Naan was a bit on the charred side, I like that but wife does not. The sauce they gave is was delicious as well not what it was but it was green. Maybe parsley or spinach with a kick!We have not been to the actual location. So I am basing my 5 stars on the food being really good and being delivered in a timely manner. Considering it was 7-8pm on a Saturday night it took only 45 minutes. This was my first time ordering through an iPhone app and was sure I paid with a card. When the delivery person came they said it was cash. We didn't have the cash but assured him I would call it in right away. He said "cool I trust you" gave me the food and I gave him a fiver tip. Very nice young man. So I called in the card and all was saved!
3	I came here a few times during their first month, but I haven't been back in awhile since I no longer work next door to the restaurant. I would hesitate on returning after reading some of these reviews indicating that they switched from counter service to table service. The workers there had a hard enough time deciphering the menu and ringing up orders anyways. I'm frightened how they would handle a full service gig.There are some good items here, however. I like the first two dishes that I had tried, the eggplant and butternut squash. Both were very unique for this area, and the flavors were great. I really like the kabuli rice too. I liked the small salad bar. I couldn't get enough of their Afghani pico de gallo.I wasn't as impressed with the appetizers. The samosas and ashak were both too greasy. I didn't like the baklava either, but I'm ruined on that dessert after going to Turkey.
5	The food was incredible. I highly recommend checking it out for that reason. They do seem a bit understaffed, but the staff was very friendly. They also have excellent, though not well advertised, beers on tap.
4	I ventured in here again, enticed by the lure of Groupon. Right when I entered I was warmly greeted by the owner. I went to the counter and browsed through the menu, pondering what food I should get for take out. I got the chicken and beef keemah and a side of butternut squash borani. The order didn't take too long to make, and I was soon off to drive back home to enjoy my newly acquired lunch.The chicken and beef platter came with 2 long pieces of mixed white and dark meat chicken, and 1 long piece of ground beef. Both were expertly seasoned, and very tender. The meat rested on a large portion of rice (You get your choice of various rice sides; I chose the spinach rice). The spinach rice was also quite good, and nicely cooked. I enjoyed the butternut squash borani was well. The mild flavor of the squash contrasted well with the yogurt sauce on top of it. The meal also came with some cucumber/tomato salad, yogurt sauce, and some green chutney (Mint? Cilantro?). All were excellent, packed with flavor, and accentuated the meal well.The naan was also very good. It tasted different from naan I've had at Indian restaurants. The texture was more pillowy on the inside, with a nice crisp outer layer.Due to the improvement in service, upgrade 1 star!
4	Great food, good service. My chicken dish was amazing, and their Spanish rice is absolutely delicious. I would absolutely recommend this place for some amazing middle-eastern cuisine.
4	Food is great.  They were out of what I wanted to order but it was still delicious.  Definitely give it a try!
4	Great first time! Will be back! :) come you will be freshly satisfied, as everything is made fresh daily!
5	First off, this place deserves 5 stars for just being a mom & pop restaurant in the East Valley.That Rania's serves authentic tasting Afghan cuisine out in no mans land ... well that's a minor miracle.I laugh at the some of the low star reviews, whats your comparison. The McRib!I mean really, you had better ... Where ...................?Tools!If you consider yourself a foodie get your butt over here and check this fantastic cuisine out.They even have Four Peaks & Santan Beers on Tap. Awesome!
5	WOW - This is a diamond in the rough!!  Its tucked away in a corner of the strip mall but the food is absolutely incredible.  The plates and wraps are HUGE and easily can be shared between two people.  Owner is friendly and really wants you to come back.Naan is great, their specials are good.  I recommend this place highly!!!
5	I've been wanting to try this place out for a while finally did tonight. Bummed we didn't try it sooner. Sooooooo good. I'm currently eating a Paleo diet with can make eating out tough since it calls for just proteins, vegetables, and fruit that is prepared with out frying with all natural ingredients  (this is a simplified explanation) . This place had me covered (though those who like rice and pita your good to go here too). Great flavors, made fresh to order, and great costumer service. Super fresh salad bar with lots of healthy options. Try this place, you'll be happy you did.
4	Food is great here,  we got take out and was delish but serving of hummus was tiny for 6 bucks? We will return it was very good.
5	Amazing service, amazing food. Every time that I am in the area I stop by. Can't get enough of the kabuli style rice!!!
3	Went here with a friend; it was all right. It's nice to find a place that you can order something and avoid all the baddies (wheat, excessive oils, et cetera). Still, they could be a little less stingy with the meat; got like four small pieces for my sirloin kabob.The owner came over and asked how we were doing, but not in a schmoozing way. That was nice.They're a sitdown place, but it's more "fast casual" than "fine dining." I might go there again.
4	All things aside, this was our first visit and it was delicious. I had a gyro... kind of (explained later), and the spinach rice. It was so fantastic and full of flavor! We ordered the chicken simosa, which the waitress said was an appetizer. It was served AFTER we already started our main course. Wish they would have brought it out earlier.  Also, the waitress (Polish lady) was very nice, but in too much of a hurry to explain things well.  She knew this was our first visit. I said I wanted a gyro. She asked if I wanted the sandwich or combo platter. I asked what the difference was. She said the combo was served with rice. So I ordered the combo.  When we got our food, there was no sandwich.  Just meat on top of rice.  When I explained we may have miscommunicated, they were nice and said they would give me a sandwich. I said,  don't worry about it, just bring me bread and I'll make it myself. They asked if I wanted pita or naan bread.  I said naan. I wish they would have told me it was heated with butter or oil. When they finally brought it out, it was too crisp to make a gyro from. So, I cut it up into pieces to eat with my meat.  So,  fantastic food, but a little lacking in service. I will come back and try it again!
5	The samosas are super delicious at Rania's! Food tastes fresh and made from scratch! Win!!!
5	Hands-down the absolute best delivery we have ever eaten.  We got the Group Pleaser Combo plate,  which had chicken, lamb, and beef.  Fantastically seasoned, and accompanied  by their amazing rices (Spinach and Brown) and a garden salad.  Who knew delivery could be so good!
5	My wife and I LOVE this place! She is Afghan and definitely approves of the cuisine. Service is very friendly, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. The food is fresh and as we were informed by Margaret our server, completely house-made. We will definitely be returning as often as possible!
5	Great food, great service and the portions are definitely substantial for a great price.  We loved the naan and the red pepper hummus.  For our entree we both ordered gyros and were only able to finish half, since the size was about double of what you would get anywhere else.  Everything was clean and inviting and our waitress was attentive. We didn't have to wait long for our order.  Will definitely be back!
3	Ordered take-out once with my mother. Ordered delivery twice to my home. I think I need to dine in the restaurant to see if the portions are larger and if it tastes better hot. Not that it didn't taste good, but I thought it could have been better if it was fresher.When I ordered the take-out, it was hot-ish when we ate it, and I really did love it. The chicken chapli my mother ordered had a great flavor and the spinach rice was an excellent compliment to it. I ordered the butternut squash. It was good and spicy, but I forgot how little time it takes for butternut to cool off. It wasn't as hot (temperature-wise) as I would have liked, and it was a little over-cooked which didn't help either. Good blend of spices though.I was a little disappointed with the garlic naan. Maybe I'm spoiled by Copper Kettle and their fantastically fresh garlic naan from the tandoor. This naan is thicker, which is fine, but they don't seem to use fresh garlic. It looks like it was brushed with butter and sprinkled with garlic powder salt. Oy. Might save the owners some money, but it isn't a good choice. Skip the salt and the powder. Use real garlic. The flavor would be sooooo much better.Let's talk delivery.  Yikes. What a difference. The portions are smaller, the food is colder and it is more expensive since they charge you a delivery fee. My son ordered a kabob that came with merely 3 pieces. My chapli had 2 pieces. The samosas sit in their own grease. Ew. My friend (who is from out-of-town) loved their spinach pizza-naan though. Since I am a fair person, I tried them again, hoping the bad stuff was a fluke. Same thing. However, their hummus "pizza" was amazing. Loved it!!Just to be fair, I need to point out that the temperature of the food could be partially my fault. I do live at mile 4.8 of their 5-mile maximum radius. Travel time could affect the food temp, and I'm probably the last stop if they have multiple orders.
5	Ordered for delivery. Food was excellent! Food came faster than quoted and exceeded expectations! We love having gyros and while ttheir gyro meat is not the best I've ever had it makes up for it with the delicious sauces! Will defiantly be back!
3	It's was ok. I guess I am used to Indian food and while there were similarities, it is very different. The naan I did not care for. It was burnt. I'm not sure if that's normal for afghan food or not but I didn't care for it. The brown rice was not that great either--just heavy with oil I felt. The meat was divine and so tender. My husband had one of their pizzas and that was really good. In fact I would come back to order that again. Service was 5 stars!Right when we walked in we were greeted and given drinks. Food took a little time to get out to us but I was fine with that and our waitress even gave us baklava for free.I would go back--maybe the oven was having a bad day with the naan.
5	Went there because of a groupon and we loved it. Great tasting food and friendly staff.
4	Varied and interesting menu and decently priced.  We were there for lunch and ordered the lentil soup and one of their "naanwiches" (Rania's Special).  Service was prompt and friendly, and our server answered our questions and made some suggestions for us.  Food was very good, nicely presented, and in generous portions.Will definitely return for dinner one day soon!
5	So typically a restaurant review should be about the food but before I get to that, I have to talk about the customer service.Phenominal, amazing, fantastic, customer service!!Really the best customer service we have had in a long time! Very helpful and very thoughtful for what we needed, not just taking an order but really going the extra mile.Now about the food... Very typical selection for Mediterranean but what sets this place apart is the flavor!We actually had plans to stop by DQ for desert afterwards but decided we would skip desert and keep eating our dinner. If you know my wife, this was a huge compliment!Everything tasted fantastic but they also had a really good green sauce that had a little kick to it and their diced vegetables were very similar to a pico but were stored cold which when mixed with the cooked food was really good!We will definitely be back!
5	Pure deliciousness. My family just ate here, and everything we ate was wonderful.  Such unique flavors.  I would highly recommend.
3	My first visit I had the cheese and spinach samosa an order of wings and naan food was excellent service was squirley  the waitress seamed pissy at first when i walked in and then became a little more cordial as my dining experience went on . so the other nite i decided to get food to go i phoned my order in ordering a repeat of my lunch the young ladies working were very nice but  when i got home no samosas but a spinich and cheese dish which was delicious but not what i ordered when i called the restaurant to tell them she was appoligetic and ask me if i would like to come back for the samosas i declined she said she would have the manager call me but he never did ......BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE PEOPLE ........ok that aside the food is delicious but need to work on people skills
5	I gotta say, this place was awesome! The customer service was just as good as the food.  I had the Rania Special naan sandwich and the cilantro jalapeno hummus. SOOOOOO Good.  I will definitely be back!
2	Went for dinner using a Groupon. I think I'd be a little more disappointed if I paid full price. There were only 2 waitresses for the entire restaurant and they were full. The servers were nice though and apologized for the long waits. Afghanistan is in between India and the Middle East and the food has influenced, and has been influenced, by both. We started with the Ashak and Beef Mantu. In both dishes the mantus were just carriers for the sauces. The sauce for the Ashak was beef, lentil & tomato. The sauce for the Beef Mantu was carrots and peas. I liked the carrots & peas sauce better. I could see eating it over a bowl of rice.We had the Lamb Naanwich and the Chicken Thigh Kabob Platter. The meats in both meals were perfectly cooked and seasoned. However, I found the brown rice very salty and the spinach rice only a little less so. The Afghan salsa was fresh and delicious. The salad bar was small but filled with fresh veggies. Unfortunately, the yogurt sauce that came with our meals was over seasoned and salty too. The naan is more puffy than Indian naan. The gyro are not made in house. I've had those strips before and didn't want to chance having them again. The waitress said that they would soon start serving breakfast. My husband loved the food, as salty as it was. So I guess we'll go back at least once more. Otherwise, I'd prefer to keep my Middle Eastern and Indian flavors separate.
3	Not bad, but a little pricier than other kabob places. Loved the spinach and squash side dishes. Overall, good if you don't have time to drive to another kabob place and have to have it now, but not my first choice. Naan is terrific!
5	I crave this all the time. I've never had anything I didn't love. The pizzas are awesome and the chicken kebabs.... yessss.
5	Not very experienced in Middle Eastern food but loved my chicken 'naanwich'.   Its a safe bet and the kabuki rice was awesome.  It appears most items are made from scratch so if you want to add a piece of naan to your meal expect about 10 minutes while they bake it fresh.  Everything was fresh and had a good flavor --- I'm craving it as I write this!  I went for an early dinner and 2 waitresses were very helpful.
5	We had another amazing meal at Rania's last night.  Mr. M ordered the Cornish hen platter with spinach rice and I had the Beef Keemah and Chicken Keemah combo platter with the Kabuli-style rice.I wanted to try a different small plate from the last time and we got the chicken samosas.  The outer crust is golden brown and flaky and the interior is stuffed with very flavorful chicken.  I'm not sure about the seasonings, but I swear I tasted a little curry and some cumin.  The owner came by to check on us and I tried to quiz him but he was very coy and rightfully so.  I wouldn't want to give it away either.  Lovely way to start the meal.Mr. M's Cornish hen platter was just ridiculous.  We both attacked that like a couple of starving cavemen, no talking, just eating.  Grilled and seasoned perfectly and nice and juicy.  You know it's good when you order it and the server moans just thinking about it.  Our server, Jordyn, was really friendly and took great care of us.I feel like a broken record, but my keemah platter was also deliciously seasoned and we ended up with lots of great leftovers to have for lunch today.  We did discover they have a handful of good beers on tap.  I believe last night our choices were Four Peaks 8th Street Ale & Kiltlifter, Mudshark Morning Buzz,  and Shock Top.  I also heard them say they have wine.  Next time I'm going to do that.  A glass of wine would be fantastic with these dishes.  We had a groupon which was taken care of no problem.  Total before the $20 groupon with a small plate, 2 platters, and 2 beers was $46.78.  Money well spent.  Already planning our next visit.
5	Better waitress than the first time. Ordered Rania's gyro instead of the gyro platter... MUCH better option for me. Fabulous visit and I will come again and again. Such amazingly flavorful food! !!
5	First time and everything was impressive! Hummus was smooth and the chicken and steak platter was juicy and flavorful! So glad we tried this place! A great healthier takeout option and close! Will definitely be going again soon!
4	I just watched this place on channel 3.. senora lives... sounded good and delicious.. would love to try it... I adore middle eastern food.. reading the negative comments none made sense.. so I'm going to go and try it this weekend..I'm sure its going to be great..
5	Love this place... The naan (bread) is to die for! Everything is really fresh and tasty.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking to try something different!!! Try the spinach rice with the chicken breast kabob... You won't be dissapointed :)
4	My wife and I went to Rania's Kabob Grill yesterday.  The food was surprisingly good.I had the stewed lamb shank & my wife had the eggplant borani.  Both were served with the traditional Kabuli brown basmati rice.  The food was good.  The only thing that I would note is that it was a little excessive on the butter, but otherwise good.  I never expected an Afghani restaurant in suburbia, but even I am now convinced (perceptions are not everything).  My wife and I were originally skeptical at the view from the street (hidden inside a strip mall just South of the hospital).  It looks very casual, like a sports bar.  This was not the case.  I am guessing that prior to this restaurant, this location was some kind of bar or some kind of fast food restaurant.Interestingly, my wife and I had a Groupon for this restaurant, but in the end we decided to just pay the check and not use Groupon.  Usually we only use Groupon when the restaurant does not show promise (as the restaurant is effectively selling at a loss when they use Groupon).  In this case, we believe the restaurant to be of good value, and using Groupon would not be fair.  Since the food is slightly unique, as it is Afghani (a combination of Middle East / Persian + Indian subcontinent) I would like to see some decorations hinting at the Afghani culture.  Perhaps a poster or enlarged photo of Bamiyan (or a Kabul or Kandahar street scene), or of former King Zaher Shah, would be a nice touch, if done tastefully. I have no doubt that Afghanistan is a wonderful country with a deep and rich culture (despite the turmoil and war it has seen).  This restaurant would be a perfect place to show some unique cultural things on walls.  I say this because Afghani culture and food is unique, and you do not want to get lost in the "sea" of other Middle Eastern and Mediterranean restaurants in The Valley.  This will help with market distinction in regard to competing, and showing what is different.  And attracting new customers.I definitely hope that this restaurant is a success and continues to succeed moving forward.
5	This was absolutely yummy! Service was great. Asked the server for suggestions because we wanted to try something traditional afghan and she suggested several items. I had the lamb shank and it was fall off the bone with tons of flavor! My husband had the beef and chicken keemah and it was just as good. Went with the hot egg plant dip as well as was not disappointed. Highly recommend. We will be back!
5	My wife and I just had lunch here... Great food, great service and great price. Thanks for lunch!
4	Tonight S and I had "date night" at a new restaurant in our area.  We did not go into Phoenix for dinner, since it was too far away and it was just the two of us.  So in surfing the internet, I found a place called Rania's Kabob, which is Afghan and Mediterranean food.  It was pretty damn good and very fairly priced.  I had 3 IPAs and S had a wine cooler--all $5 each.  We had a spinach and naan bread appetizer for $6 and S had a combo kabob dinner with rice, salad bar, and Chicken breast and Beef sirloin for $14.  I had lamb chops and rice and salad bar for $16.  All pretty damn good.  We will be back!
5	All of the food was amazing!!  The owner is super friendly!!  The Baklava was freshly made and the Samosa is incredible.... everything we have had has been wonderful!
4	Great food. In the area on business and saw the good reviews. It lived up, food was excellent and the nan bread was delicious as well. Service was fast. I would go back!
3	I really, reeeally wanted to love this place. I drove 15 minutes each way for take out, which is kind of far in my opinion. I called my order in and got vegetable samosas and kabob with garlic naan. When I got there they were semi-busy, but I had to remind the girl handing me my food to put in my samosas. Strike one. I drove all the way home and bit into a samosa only to find they were chicken and not the veggie that I had ordered. Strike two.The food was good, don't get me wrong. But it wasn't something I think I would ever crave, especially not for takeout with the drive. There are so many other (better) options closer that are cheaper as well. I will say the garlic naan was delicious. Sorry, Rania's...
3	All I all, the meal was filling, yet the restaurant's ambience didn't come together; the TVs were set up like a bar, the music playing was radio music, and the employees didn't seem too enthused to be there. It was also confusing as to whether or not we, as customers, had to get refills, or if the servers did, due to the placement of the beverage machine and I felt as though the server was upset because we asked for a refill. My date and I soon felt awful after that scenario. The food was great, but it's not something I would have again. We got the Cornish hen with spinach rice, which was delicious! The butternut squash was also amazing. A small plate we ordered was eggplant dip, which was unique and tasty. The best part was the fresh naan!
1	Garlic naan is very good and that's about it. Service was extremely unfriendly and made me feel very unwelcome by Debbie S. Granted she was covering a few tables but she was extremely rude. Any time I asked the smallest question or requested a cup for water she acted so put off. After one extremely rude reply the look on my face must have let her know I did not appreciate the frostiness and she got a little nicer but not much. I won't be back:(
4	We had chicken samosas and red pepper hummus for lunch.  Delicious!  The samosasa were flaky and not at all oily.
3	Hit and miss.
4	I can appreciate the fact that each individual's tastes might be different, or that the restaurant might have an "off" night, but I have been always happy with my meal here.  Last night we went for an early dinner again and we had two drinks/cocktails each, shared a hummus appetizer with naan bread, and two large entrees -- my GF had the steak and chicken breast kabobs with rice, and I had the beef and chicken keemah kabobs with rice.  Of course we also enjoyed their fresh and tasty salad bar, even if it is a small one.  I think I prefer the keemah better than the chunks of chicken breast and steak because I think the seasoning is mixed in well with the ground meat and therefore is tastier.  Wally again was great and accommodating.  He provides great customer service.  If there is a bad server here, I hope I never get him/her because I believe customer service is one of the keys to a good restaurant.  Again, great job Rania's Kabob Grill.
5	Amazing food and service, the owner sat down with me and we chatted about his restaurant, the rich Afghanistani culture and its origins. The beef kebab with spinach rice, diced Afghani style pico and garlic yogurt with a side of chicken samosas were just absolutely delicious!!! Happy with the choice. The menu had lamb shanks maybe I will be back to try them another day.
5	Amazing food. That had a homemade touch it used fresh real ingredients made from scratch nothing processed or artificial. Probably one of the best Meddeteranian/afghan restaurant that I have visited I'm so happy with everything from the quality of the food, to the service, and the loyal owners that took the time  to come out and ask for feed back. If there was a rating above 5 I would happily choose that. Definitely will come back AND HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS EXOTIC PLACE
4	Roasted Cornish Game Hen was out of this World! Chicken kabob was juicy and spinach rice delisous! Service was terrific and owner/chef took the time to ask how our meal was. Wonderful meal and experience.
5	The chicken kabob and spinach rice was wonderful. Naan and red pepper hummus was also fantastic! Wonderful family owned restaurant with excellent service. Our waiter had a great personality with great beer suggestions. Will absolutely go back a again!
5	Great place.  Food was amazing.  Had the naan special.  4 people Monday night for 40$. New fav
4	Hey Wally:  We were at your restaurant for lunch again today and as usual, the food and service was great.  Just wanted to say congratulations on winning the restaurant competition last night!  We wanted to attend, but S got home from work at 7 pm and we felt it was too late to go and enjoy your event.
5	Delicious!  Very tasty, authentic food. Gyro platter was delicious!  Family run, homey and comfortable.  Great service, very friendly owner.  Would definitely eat here again and would recommend to others.
4	pretty good food. Try the eggplant appetizer and kabobs. Salad bar was good too!
4	Nice clean roomy place.  We had a glass of red and white wine, lamb shank, and lamb kabobs and beef skewer.  The food was good, especially the lamb shank.  The beef skewer was a bit tough.  The white wine was old and stale but they replaced the glass so that worked out.  Will go back.  Server did a nice job too,
5	good food, good service, open on sunday when most of the other restaurants were notgreat value for price
3	It was ok. We ordered it to go . Chicken kabobs were over cooked and hard. Beef kabob was alright. The plate was too expensive for that kind of food. I could have gotten better food for the same price at Persian room
5	The food here is delicious! The service was friendly and efficient! I'm new to Afghan cuisine and brother let me tell ya - give me more!!! The place was clean and the atmosphere was OK. I shall return!A solid 5 stars!
4	I had the Vege stuffed Nann... Vegetables freshly prepared.. NAnn not too dry... I had spinach rice as a side... Very good... Good cozy place to dine
5	First time I heard about this place it has just opened up. I got a groupon and took my son in a Sunday lunch. We ordered two dishes. My son got chicken and beef platter. I got leg of lamb. I absolutely love afghani kabuli pilau. They made it perfectly. Only place I had this better was in Fremont California where they have 5-6 afghani restaurants within couple of blocks (mini afghan area).  Service was really great and attentive. I came back few times and was impressed every time. They seem to be doing deliveries too. I have used take out option too. Very kids friendly. Portion sizes are really generous and prices really decent. Best part is quality of food. Beef kafta is always moist and naan are tender and fluffy. You can't stop eating them when they serve them fresh. Must go if you like gyro and afghani food.
5	Fantastic food, generous portions, a can't miss for a Mediterranean/middle eastern food.
4	Very delicious food. The hubby got the leg of lamb kabob and I got a veggie naan-wich. The spinach rice was very good, and was our favorite part of the meal, although everything was so tasty. We were surprised this restaurant isn't busy when we were there, because the food is excellent. It's a little far out from where we live, but we would like to come back.
5	Yum! Tried this place tonight while staying at the hotel nearby. Try the spinach rice and Cornish hen...yum! Love the green sauce it all comes with.
5	This was the best naan and Gyro I've ever had. The staff was friendly and so hard working. I will go back to try the lamb kebabs.
4	Ranias can provide a pleasant dining experience through attentive service and very good food. Their lightly spiced tea is pleasant and neutral. Their fresh naan smells and tastess wonderful. Spinach rice with braised lamb shank was highly pleasing.Had the baklava been equal to everything else I would have offered five rather than four stars.
