4	Being a (closet) fan of Jaimee Rose's  Azcentral blog, I had heard about Noca a few weeks ago. I always enjoy trying out new restaurants and admit to still being very unfamiliar with many of the well known establishments here in the Valley.Trusting her taste and the pictures and descriptions of the items, I was keen on going and what better a time than my birthday. We were a party of 5 and had the following:Parents: Kampachi and a suggestion from the waiter not on the menu but very tasty (linguini with shrimp).Girlfriend: PappardelleSister: DuckMyself: Spinach mezzalunaI have to commend our waiter. Very friendly but not overbearing. She was very familiar with the menu and was able to recommend some wines, which is usually something I don't do but felt comfortable doing with her. She was able to answer all our questions regarding some of the dishes we were unfamiliar with as well.Positives: Very class cozy ambiance. Restaurant was smaller and not exactly what I thought it would be with the "bigger is better" mentality I'm used to in the US but that takes nothing away from it on the contrary.Service is excellent for the most part. Never had to ask for water and the bussers and waiters always seem to have the right timing to refill your water or assist you. The quality of the food was exceptional, though the 1 star penalty goes towards the portions or "bang for your buck". I'd have wished for a few more mezzaluna's and other than my girlfriend's reasonable portion they did seem to be a bit too "european" even for my taste.The desserts really were the cherry on the cake. Perfect portions, very creative and tasty. You actually receive cotton candy at the end of your meal (regardless of a dessert or not I'm can't be sure). I really enjoyed the milk and cookies (excellent chocolate chip cookies provided with a cup of delicious vanilla milkshake). We also enjoyed the cheesecake dessert which consisted of rolled balls of cheesecake with a strawberry coulis and the small doughnuts with jelly were delicious as well. The best part was not footing the bill!Negatives (few but could use some improving):The delay between our order and receiving our food was probably 10-15 minutes. I'm used to having some bread in restaurants that I would consider "classy" or expensive and that was lacking here. They did provide an "amuse bouche" that was original but for some could be considered a bit odd. It consisted of a spoon of mint,melon and pop rocks, quite the party in your mouth and refreshing but not very filling for the wait.I definitely look forward to returning and trying out some of their other dishes. The desserts were exceptional and I'm quite certain a few clients came in just for those, similar to what I do with out of town visitors at Oregano's. All in all a pleasant and welcome surprise to the dining scene here in the valley.
5	just had dinner here and I have to say this is one of my new favorite spots..I feel bad telling people because it will be hard to eat here after but here goes..From the moment you sit down until you push back your chair you will be in food heaven..everything is full of flavor and presented in an amazing way..get the duck to start but look the portions are on the small side and the fresh fish starter is skimpy for the price but really good.  This just means you have to splt a few plates.  Pasta's and meats were excellent..cotton candy, awesome gelato, cookies and milk just the thing to end a great meal..go wednesday for the lobster roll...service is very good.
5	Wow.  It's really intimidating to try to write a review of Noca.  Honestly, it was a culinary experience that I find hard, even now (after some scribbling of notes) to sum up effectively in words.  It was wonderful, unquestionably 5 stars.  I'd recommend it to even my most picky friends, were they in the Phoenix area. But how do I explain just *how* enjoyable my food was here? I think that the best I can do is be extremely descriptive:Now, a disclaimer: I came here with other dining companions, so not everything I sampled did I eat all by myself.  I am neither that gluttonous, nor that flush in the pocketbook!  But, I truly did enjoy every bite. Started off with a nice, dry Anselmi Pinot Grigio, and a tempting little morsel that combined mushrooms with a light, flaky pastry. I sampled the spinach mezzaluna. It's silky ricotta melted on the tongue. For my main course, I selected Alaskan halibut. This was some of the best fish I've had.  The flavor of the fish came through, but I think the beurre rouge wasreally what accounted for that flavor -- while a cinnamon froth added just a slight kiss of sweetness.  The halibut was served with baby fennel and onions in a salsify tart.  The tart crust was wonderfully soft and flaky.For dessert, we indulged: The first thing that came seems to be a fun sort of Noca signature -- a large cloud of ultra-fresh cotton candy. We each grasped a nibble or two, but couldn't resist some of the other items on the dessert menu.The apple risotto is not risotto *with apples*. Instead, diced apples are cooked in a way that resembles the cooking of risotto.  A dollop of salt and butter ice cream (!) on top balances out the sweetness just right.  We also shared an order of doughnut holes -- cinnamon and sugar with a slightly crispy outside.  Three accompanying dipping sauces added a little extra to our sugar buzz -- my favorite was the dulce de leche. All throughout dinner, the restaurant was extremely busy (particularly for a weeknight), but our server didn't skip a beat.  Owner Elliot was making the rounds, telling us more about the restaurant and making recommendations. It's obvious that his heart is in this restaurant completely, and it show (and tastes) accordingly!
5	Everything was great, the appetizer, I think it was the fried egg and bacon dish that won me over.  From there the entrees, seared tuna, lived up to expectations and finished off with donuts and 3 different dips.  There was a surprise of cotton candy at the end of the meal that you can't help but finish off even if you're done.I'll be back again.
5	Let me preface this by saying 5 stars do not give this foodie haven justice... this is probably the most delicious meal I've had... EVER!It was a Wednesday night and we had 8:00 reservations.  We walked in right on time and were greeted immediately by none other than Eliot Wexler, himself. He couldn't have been friendlier, seating us immediately (just the way it should be when you have a reservation)! I noticed that the restaurant was packed and everyone around us seemed to be enjoying themselves - that was a good sign!  Plus the fact that I bumped into Jenn H, and I know she's got good taste, so when she recommended a few of her favorite menu items, I listened!There were 3 of us dining, and I know we all enjoyed every moment, every sip, and every bite!  We each had a glass of wine to start - I went with the Kim Crawford Sauv Blanc.  Looking over the menu, it was difficult to decide on what to order - everything sounded unique and appealing.  After asking our waiter, Robert, for his opinion, I flagged Eliot down to ask what he thought between the Skate Wing and the Scallops.  He sold me on the Skate Wing... and I would order it again and again!  But before I get there, I have to mention that the table sampled the Gougere with mushroom duxelle and port wine syrup... (a special treat that was not on the menu).  We also tasted the Spinach Mezzaluna - a handmade ravioli stuffed with ricotta, mascarpone, and pecorino.  It was incredible!  I truly savored each bite! Oh, and how can I forget the fresh bread and olive oil brought to our table?  Truly, the freshest tasting olive oil... I'm not kidding!On to the entrees... (pictured above).  My companions fancied their scallops and halibut immensely.  We traded a bite for a bite so we could each try all three entrees too, and they were all pretty amazing.  I will say, however, that Eliot (and Jenn H) steered me right in suggesting the Skate Wing.  I pretty much licked my plate clean!We were all full after the entrees but decided that dessert would be a good ending to this phenomenal meal... so, what did we do?  On top of the cotton candy, we shared the donuts and the apple risotto.  We may as well do it right, right?  Wow!  We sure did do it right... the donut holes were served with 3 dipping sauces, and while I'm not a donut person, these were pretty amazing.  I hadn't treated myself to Cotton Candy since I was a little girl, so that was a fun addition of sugar shot right into my system... you have to have some, it's their signature dessert!  Finally, we went for one more indulgence... the apple risotto - oh, the apple risotto.  Fantastic!  Tiny pieces of apple sauteed with butter, sugar, honey, and more... topped with a salty butter flavored ice cream.  I know there were some additional ingredients that I'm missing here, but OMG... need I say more?In some of the press I've read about this place, it's referred to as "fine dining in a casual atmosphere at an accessible price." I would agree with that - although I do think the 'accessible price' part is relative.  I would consider this more of a 'special occasion' type of place because of the $$ you'll spend here - $50 pp more or less.  It's worth dumping out your piggy bank if you have to though... it's a culinary experience you won't forget!I'm already dreaming about my next visit!
5	I have hesitated on writing this review because I absolutely- without a doubt - LOVE THIS PLACE!Finding the write words and trying to describe their fantastic dishes will lead me to write a book and not a review, so I will put it like this:Quality foodCaring chefs that enjoy what they do and have a passionExcellent flavorsTrendy but the staff will make you feel at home.
5	wow, wow, wow. words cannot accurately describe the heavenly experience I had tonight at Noca...I was convinced to check the place out by Gabi K's review...and I was not disappointed, in the least.Jamie and I made reservations(pretty necessary at a place where, at 6:00 on a Tuesday evening, it was jam-packed), and were greeted by the chef, who was friendly and accomodating and lead us to a nice half-booth in the back.we started with the Foie Gras Tarchon(I've been dying to try foie gras since I was a kid watching the British show "Chef" lol)...it was better than anything I'd imagined...melt-in-your-mouth butteriness, a bit salty, and wonderfully creamy when spread on the crunchy-but-soft brioche toastinis...it came with a pineapple jam that was equally divine with the foie gras, and with the brioche...we also had the Sweetbread Fricassee...the sauteed sweetbread morsels were tender and tasted almost like seafood...it was a delicious dish, but the overlying flavor was of the bacon infused throughout the sweetbread and greens...very good, but a little oily for me.our server, Robert, suggested the Riesling(tasted like honey and citrus, with a lovely spike on the tip of the tongue) to pair with my foie gras, and my entree--the Day Scallops, and I thanked him heartily for the suggestion. the Day Scallops were seared, the salt they were seasoned with seemed to showcase the inherent sweetness and butteriness of the scallops themselves...they were so tender and succulent, and perfect with the creamy mushroom risotto and bacon-sauteed broccoli rabe...during this course, I finished my Riesling and tried a glass of the Super Tuscan, a rich red wine that smelled of butter, with plump-fruit flavors, which grew subtly bitterer on the back of the tongue(I finished that wine with several bites of Jamie's tender, juicy Prime Beef Rib-Eye--I'd been craving steak for ages)for dessert, we had the complimentary(vanilla-infused) cotton candy. the last time I had this lovely confection was 6 years ago, when my Dad took me to the Barnum & Bailey Circus...and maybe my memory serves me wrong, but Noca's may have been the best cotton candy I've ever had...it melts on your tongue in a matter of seconds, and it's impossible to stop eating...Jamie had the 'Cookies and Milk'--malted vanilla shake with thick, soft, melty chocolate chip cookies(more like blondie brownies filled with chocolate)...I didn't try any, but he loved it.and...I've been waiting for this part: I ordered the Cheesecake, Dissected(I think that's what it was called)...it may be the BEST dessert I've ever had...maybe even the best dish I've ever had...it consisted of 3 balls of what tasted suspiciously like sweet butter in cheesecake form(each about the size of a large gumball), surrounded by graham/pastry crispy crumbles(sweet, but salty)...the plate was drizzled generously with a lemon creme sauce, and dotted about were pure lime-vanilla gelees(each very small and PACKED with pure tang and flavor)...it was completely decadent, yet deceptively light...an experiment in flavors with every bite, and I will never forget it or get over it...it was heavenly, that's all there is to it. I paired it with the 20-year Tawny Port(simply because I'd never tried port lol)...it was seductively sweet at first taste, but was much too much like bourbon to suit my taste--burned all the way down. luckily it came in a tiny, delicate, stemmed dessert flute)anyway, bottom line: Noca is a bit pricey, but worth every dollar---the service is friendly and helpful without being patronizing, the atmosphere is boisterous, yet cozy, and the food is...well, the food is to die for. we're heading back for Valentine's Day...making our reservations this week :)
4	I've been putting off writing this review for a few weeks. I'm very torn on NOCA because I wanted it to be a 5 star experience, but it just wasn't. While it was very good in some aspects there were places where it fell short. I just can't sit here and say that this was the best dining experience of my life, in all honestly I'm not sure it cracks top 10. I found the dishes that I sampled to be hit or miss. I chose to not order an appetizer because my duck allergy prevented me from ordering 4/6 that are offered and I don't like beets. Which is not the fault of NOCA, but really left me with the green salad so I decided to forgo the appetizer entirely. We were presented with two chef's tastings. The first, Gougere with mushroom duxelle and port wine syrup, did not impress me, the pastry was entirely too hard and the plating was awkward. The second, Spinach Mezzaluna , which is essentially a ravioli, was absolutely divine. They ran out of several menu items before we could even order. Once our entrees arrived I found my scallops to be very good, but not perfect. Some were gritty and they still had a chewiness factor to them, not a melting factor. I do think they may have been the best I've had in Arizona, but not the best I've had in my life and not nearly as good as the ones I had enjoyed at SW in Vegas the previous week. The butternut squash gnocchi that they were served with didn't taste like gnocchi at all, but rather tasted like butternut squash balls. I sampled my companion's dishes and thought the skate was very good but I found the halibut to be dry. In addition to the cotton candy they give everyone we tried two desserts which were good. (We were also given a cookie to take home). My dining partners enjoyed the apple risotto dish we shared, however, I think the poached apple at Sol y Sombra is much better. I did think the doughnuts were well done, I've been running into a lot of bad doughnuts in restaurants lately so I was pleasantly surprised by them. The service was fantastic, although I found it amusing when our server explained to us what day boat scallops are....not just because I know what they are but, um, where are those day boats docking here in Phoenix? Elliot, the owner, was incredibly nice and kept coming over to talk to us. It is clear he is passionate about the restaurant. But for me it was lacking in that extra something. Its not a romantic place. Its loud. I think it would be great for friends. It kind of reminded me of one of my favorite places in Boston, Union, except the finishing touches weren't there. The mirrors on the walls didn't have frames, the leather booths did not look like the kind that should be in a restaurant of this caliber, the bar is in an awkward spot, the patio seating is directly on the sidewalk of the strip mall. Which may seem trite but for $3O an entree these little details should be considered. Unfortunately I am falling into that "in Phoenix this is good, but in Boston or NY it wouldn't be as good" situation, which is one that I absolutely hate to be in. I think NOCA could be great and there is a definite lack of a restaurant like this in Phoenix but for me it wasn't quite there. I've definitely had better food and enjoyed better atmospheres. I do plan on returning for one of their Simple Suppers to try them out again.
4	What a great addition to Phoenix.  If you want a dinning experience, not just a meal, this is your place.  The ambiance was welcoming and cozy.  The space is small, in that kind of New York City, cool way.  We had a reservation for 8:00 and the seated us right on time.  From the start they let us know the table was ours for the night so sit back, relax and take your time.  The staff wanted us to have a dinning experience and that was clear.  Our waiter was exceptionally knowledgeable about the menu and ingredients, including the wine.   The chief personally stopped by our table to make sure we enjoyed our food!  The food was delicious!  Let me say that again and stress that ... THE FOOD WAS DELICOUS!!  We had a big party so I was able to try many of the menu items.  There was not one bit of anything I put in my mouth that night that I did not like.  My favorite appetizer was the roasted chestnut soup and for the main dish, the best at the table was the beef short ribs.  Oh and don't forget to save room for desert!  The coffee gets its own special mention.  They serve it in the press at the table!  It was awesome!  They also serve cotton candy to the table, which I found to be a fun and different touch!I gave it four stars instead of five stars for the single reason of cost (based on food/serv ice I would have given it 5 stars).  I ordered a special that was $50 and the smallest portion size I had ever seen!  In all fairness to Noca, I did not leave hungry, or stuffed, rather "just right" but I did think for $25+ for main entrees the portion sizes could use an extra scoop!
5	NOCA had been "on the list" for a while, so we decided that it would be the perfect place for New Year's Eve dinner. When we heard that they were having a 5-course tasting menu that evening, it sealed the deal. While I don't like the strip mall location (great view of the Safeway parking lot!), this is Phoenix, so what can you do? I found the interior to be nothing special, with exception to the open kitchen, which is fun to watch. Now that I've got my "nitpicks" out of the way, I can tell you that the experience was AMAZING from start to finish. This was probably the best meal I have had in Phoenix since dining at Binkley's a couple of years ago. The idea that we can have such an exceptional food experience without driving up to Cave Creek (and without having to refinance the house!) is thrilling. We're already planning our next visit. The food was, without exception, amazing. The fois gras raviolis and the scallops were my favorites from the meal, in terms of taste. The cotton candy was my favorite, in terms of attitude. The selection of wines by the glass is extensive and gives you some great options. The presentation is great, as well. I LOVED the huge "ball of ice" that chilled my cocktail. And, that was probably the best lemon twist I had ever seen. It's all in the details!If you are a foodie, or a wanna-be foodie (like me), NOCA needs to be on your list. While it definitely isn't cheap, it delivers a first class meal for what you typically pay for a much more mundane experience in other local establishments.
4	Chi-chi and pricey... def not a place I would go to on my own, but went for a work event. As the token vegetarian, I was a little nervous, but the roasted veggie plate was, admittedly, amazing. AMAZING. The pre-appetizer soup spoon of chopped tomatoes and Pop-Rocks was lame. I'm sorry. That, plus the cotton candy schtick, is just Trying Too Hard. Do you know what happens when you eat purple cotton candy? Your mouth, lips, and hands are dyed purple. Really? At a place with $30 plates? A failed attempt at kitsch, at least in my eyes.The staff was perfectly friendly and attentive and I can totally see how people love this place. It would be a really good place to take a date you really wanted to impress or for a fancy occasion.
5	I've eaten at Noca twice, once on a Sunday with their prix fix menu and then on Christmas Eve.  I can honestly say those are two of the best dining experiences in recent memory.  Dinner at Noca always begins with an amuse bouche. Our puree of guacamole with a small potato chip was perfect; great flavor and crunch.  The owner (Eliot? - a very nice and helpful man) suggested the scallop ceviche for an appetizer.  It was briny, fresh and very tasty.  Our group had everything from steak frittes to vegetarian ravioli and everyone raved about their food.While the kitchen is open, the six chefs work quietly, everyone intent on their own task.  The wait staff (Carl) was the best I've ever had; informative, attentive and polite.  I hear that this is the owners first restaurant but that's hard to believe.  Noca gets so many things right.While this is certainly a food-serious environ, the prices are reasonable for the quality and attention present.  Don't be put off by its location in a Safeway shopping center.  Noca is a serious restaurant for a serious good time!
4	Noca is tucked into a Safeway strip center, in between Keegan's and Great Clips, but don't let the location fool you - this is a terrific restaurant. The space is small and simple, but with a nice open kitchen and bustling with the chatter of a mixed age group of patrons. We were initially given a table in the back, near the service station and looking into the back kitchen/cleaning area, but asked for a different table and were given one in the middle of the dining room. The service was spotty - my only complaint about our experience. We had to ask for bread, after we had already placed our appetizer orders and then noticed the table next to us getting bread right after they sat down. Then, after our soup, we noticed the table next to us getting an amuse bouche, so when we asked the waiter about it, he said, "Oh, you didn't get your amuse bouche?" They brought it right out, as an intermezzo, and apologized. After that, the service was much better. Now to the food, the most important part:-Amuse bouche of corned beef with garlic crouton...gimme a whole sandwich of that!-Sunchoke soup...wonderful-Intermezzo of chestnut soup...fantastic - would have liked a whole bowl of it-Papardelle with lamb ragout...delicious-Intermezzo of baby beet salad...just okay - the blue cheese overpowered all the other ingredients too much-Scallops with artichoke risotto...terrific-Intermezzo of cotton candy...cotton candy fits in at a place like SimonLA (for those who are familiar), with it's upscale comfort food and junk food desserts, but it feels odd and pointlessly kitschy at Noca-Donuts with three dipping sauces...donut hole desserts in upscale restaurants are now somewhat cliched, and these were far from the best I've had; they also seemed a bit pricey, at $8 for four donut holesWhile Noca isn't as innovative as other Valley restaurants like Binkley's and Kai, it has deservedly earned much critical acclaim and local buzz with their gourmet basics. However, they need to do a couple things before Noca joins the upper echelon of Valley restaurants. First, they need to perfect service, so that they're not forgetting bread and amuse bouches; and second, they need to change their dessert menu. When the feature of the dessert menu is chocolate chip cookies and a vanilla malt shake, you know you don't have a great dessert menu. They need a skilled pastry chef to craft some more complex and unique desserts. Nothing on the dessert menu made me say, "Wow, I want that!" In any case, I'll definitely be back to try Noca again!
5	I've now been to Noca a few times and it is hands down without a doubt my new favorite restaurant.  I can't even describe how phenomenal their food is, but it is expensive and to do it correctly, you are going to spend over $60 per person (especially if you consume any alcohol).  The menu is constantly evolving although they have a lobster special on Wednesday's and their version of a cheese steak on Thursday's, both of which are simply sublime.  On top of having the most sensational and creative food, the service is top notch and you can't beat the hip atmosphere, although the crowd is usually a little older than myself.  But who cares!??!!  If I had $100 left to my name, I'd spend it here.  Seriously.
5	I am in love! Oohhh, sorry not with you...but with NOCA! I cannot believe I have not been here sooner. I guess you find love when you least expect it. Since dinner here, I have not stopped thinking and fantasizing about this place. I knew it was going to be a great time when the charming guy at the door greeted us. We were seated promptly at a great table in the back.The chardonnay I ordered was one I have never tried, now its my new fav. I tried to make a point to remember the name of it but now I forget..I loved the little spoonful of Gorgonzola cheese mousse with the organic date. It was a tasty tease of what was to come. I had the lobster roll, which was the most divine thing that has crossed these lips in awhile. It was so full of flavor....limey, creamy, lobstery..yum! I could of done with out the fries, but they were as good as a fry can be covered in aioli dip. Usually I don't do dessert, especially on the first visit but one look at the menu and I had to have something! I chose the milk and cookies, which sounded fun. And fun and delish it was! The cookies were almost like cake and I enjoyed dipping them into every last drop of the milkshake. Its the desert that I am definitely still thinking about. The cotton candy that they brought out at the end was a really cute touch I thought. I thought that was the end after 2 rounds of dessert but no...they had to really top it of with the chocolate chip shortbread to bring home! What restaurant does that?! Who doesn't like a tasty treat to bring home? So that basically put me over the edge and I had to proclaim my love. Too bad I'm moving out of state....but maybe it's a good thing because I am sure this love affair would cause my waist line to expand.
5	Simply loved the food at NOCA.  Went on a Tues night and was surprised that they had a full house.Service is awesome. Our waiter went into full detail of how each dish was created, where the ingredients came from, and was just really passionate about the food. Starters (sampled everyone's)Bacon & Eggs - the bacon was AWESOME- Creamed cauliflower soup with foie grois dumplings (?) - very good- And I think a pastrami thing that was a special. AWESOME tooEntreeKurobata pork chop ( i believe) with pureed apple sauce on a bed of brussel sprouts. The pork chop was unbelievably tasty and moist and the puree was soooooo goooood!And after the meal, cotton candy!!! How cool is that?Dessert was good, I just wish that they created ones that were a little more complex in taste like the rest of the menu.Nonetheless, and awesome restaurant. I'm totally go back if I'm ever back in Phoenix
5	I stumbled on to a gem! I was walking out of Safeway realizing we were not going to make it to the movies on time if we took our chances at Giuseppe's when I glanced over and saw Noca. Strip Mall location and all we decided to give it a try.  The place was packed so we took a seat at the bar and our server/bartender was very and attentive and amusing.This place is amazing! It is small, but has a great layout and an open kitchen full of activity. The food was basic and delicious, I had a pasta dish with sausage and herb butter. Simple but prepared well with exceptional quality ingredients that you could taste at first bite.The owner Eliot Wexler sat us and came by to check on us, another example of excellent service.The meal ended with cotton candy, quite a sweet surprise for our first visit. And it rounded out the meal nicely. I was a bit disappointed with the desert menu.. donuts and cookies? I think they could get a bit more creative.  Either way this was truly a 5 star delicious dining experience.
5	so good.cocktails were strong. good wine list and i heard this from a wine snob so that says something.it also made me a duck (i have had it several times, from the phoenician, biltmore, etc - never liked it, too greasy) convert.the cheesecake, there is no words and i am a cheesecake snob, without the graham cracker crumb crust, i'd normally say no way. but, omg, literally, best cheesecake i have ever had.
5	I am way overdue at writing a full review on NOCA but must post this.Had read a good deal about the Wagyu pastrami & have been unable to get it out of my brain. My sister & brother-in-law were heading to NOCA tonight so I told her she must get it.Ok fine, end of story, right? Nope. My subconscious kept churning all night & on the way home from our first Yelp event, we had to detour by NOCA for some Wagyu pastrami of our own. Called Eliot & said they could do to go. Got there & it was packed - nice to see as it shows Arizonans have good taste. Saw my sister & bro-in-law & actually got an early taste of it but mainly tried to stay out of the way.Ended up getting our to go order, ducked into Bashas to swipe some to go silverware (we're very classy) & jumped into the car. Opened up the box & started salivating immediately.Two gorgeous hunks of Waygu. With reading the descriptions I had, I really had no idea what to expect. Thought maybe it'd be sliced pastrami piled up or something. Nope. It was definitely Waygu in all its glory. Still intact. It just additionally had a beautiful pastrami crust on it.It was amazing. Luscious, tender, flavorful, amazingly rich. Wonderful pastrami accent but definitely didn't overwhelm the meat.  Came over crispy whole grain mustard spatzle with a little horseradish crema on top.Flat out amazing. Love NOCA.
4	This place was so good that I thought my review was already here.  Me and the hubby ventured out on a Friday evening for b-day celebrations.  He made reservations early in the week (strongly recommend) for the occasion.  We arrived right on time and the place was packed.  Wall to wall people.  I loved seeing this.  We walked in and were greeted by the owner or so I assumed.  My eyes started to wonder.  The little bar, the open kitchen and all the people.  He sat us @ this corner booth which was so perfect.  It was tucked away just enough but open enough for us to see all of the goings on.  I kept looking @ all the different plates.  Food I had never seen before.  Cotton Candy @ a restaurant??  We sat down and waited a little too long in my opinion.  I understand packed but come by and tell me you will be right with me.  Josh and I just talked while we waited.  Finally, our waiter came over.  Took our drink order and then disappeared on us for a good 10-15 minutes. We order the pastrami for our appetizer.  Holy Hannah!!  The onion on top melted like the sweetest piece of candy you have ever had.  The meat was tender enough to cut with a fork.  It was so good.  Delish.  It's cooked for some ungodly amount of time.  Five days brining, another two days smoked and then finally prepared the day of.  Worth it!  I ordered the duo of pork.  This consisted of pork belly (which I've never had) and a pork chop.  Josh ordered the skate wing.  I should back up a little bit and say I don't like fish.  I've had mahi that I've enjoyed but that's about it.  When Josh's dish was given to him it looked great.  All of a sudden I could hear my dad.  How do you know you don't like something if you haven't tried it.  I made the mistake of telling that to Josh when we were dating.  So he put a bit on my plate.  It sat there a while and then I just went for it.  Hmmmm not bad.  Let me get another bite just to be sure.  WOW!  This is really good.  It's not at all "fishy" tasting.  It's quite firm and the texture is nice.  I really liked it.  Josh LOVED it.  He is now of the opinion that skate is the best fish out there.  We ordered desserts while we were there.  He got the donuts and milkshake and I got the chocolate.  This consisted of warm chocolate pudding, crushed up salted pretzle and a cherry lambic sorbet.  Dessert was alright.  To sum up.  Service was a tad slow @ times.  Food was amazing.  Off the charts.  Dessert was meh.  Like the owner said to us "have fun"
4	The service at Noca was fabulous and the food was good, but it just wasnt' great.  The amuse bouche of foie grois foam and pickled huckleberry was served warm making it not very appetizing at all.  I was impressed with the cauliflower soup and the duck, but i could not have been more dissapointed with the "Noca cheesesteak".  It was the worst abuse of kobe steak I had ever seen and for $25 it was a total bummer.  I was very impressed with the wine list (go with the Torbeck -- it is amazing) and I enjoyed the doughnuts as well.  I would recommend people to try this place, but I just not sure it is a place that people will want to frequent often.
2	I went to NOCA about a month after is opened and was wowed. I told all my fellow foodies about my wonderful experience, the innovative menu and all the little extras that made the meal a really special dining experience in Phoenix. I went back with friends twice after in the coming months and was pleased each time. I just went back this past Saturday though, and would have to say I would no longer suggest it for a special night out. It was as if the magic was gone and that the place was showing its age and loosing its "specialness". It was really just ok. The chef's talent shows, but too many other let downs. When we arrived for our 8:30 reservation the place was crowded. The host was friendly and told us that our table would be ready soon and it was. We sat down at our table and that's when things started turning out not as well as expected. Seated in a back corner--which I did not mind---I noticed the walls were filthy---scratched and beat up and dirty. That was my view, so of course its all I could focus on. The waiter did not show up for 5 min. to take our drink order, and when he did it took 20 min. to get them to us. He apologized, but at 8:45 on a Saturday night that waiting for a first drink is not fun. When then settled down with our menus and picked our choices. It was then we were told that they were out of the veal --which of course 2 of us had chosen by then, and that there was only one Skate dish--which of course the other 2 of us had decided on. They were also out of 3 other items. I felt I was back in the old Eleve (located in this same spot)--the food was great there as well---when they did not run out of many items on the menu. They may be ok when you have a larger menu, but with a small menu to begin with this is a real disappointment. Gone were the pop rocks that I thought was so fun as an intermezzo, instead a spoon of something that was not described was set down in front of us. A simple salad--good--was $15---and most starters are at least that much. Good, but not worth the price. Otherwise, entrees were good--not special, but tasty and served with good presentation. The cotton candy is still there--and still an attention getter. And I still love the desert selections---especially the malt that I had with mini doughnuts in with dipping sauces. I think I am able to overlook the fact that its really not an attractive room--the energy from the kitchen and the close tables add noise and excitement to the room, but the art and lighting is ugly and now that its starting to look run down as well--there are too many new, beautiful places in the city with equally good food and equally as pricey that are not in strip mall. And they usually still have most menu selections on a Saturday night.
3	For the price, we've had way better.  We didn't like the atmosphere.  On the up side, the service was great.
5	I've never had a bad meal here.  This is a great place for a foodie someone looking to enjoy a great meal in a nice atmosphere.  The Sunday Supper is a good deal that you must try.  I must admit that Elliott has done a wonderful job on this place.
5	One of my favorite things in life is to partake of a culinary feast with my sisters and this past week I was able to indulge this luxury at NOCA.  The service was phenomenal and the food was beyond worldly descriptions.  For starters, we had the organic cauliflower soup with chorizo croquettes, a beet salad with Peekytoe crab, and the star - NOCA's bacon and eggs.  This isn't your ordinary bacon and eggs.  It is a Berkshire pork belly confit, with onion jam and a crispy poached egg.  Oh my god!  I was in pork belly heaven.  The cauliflower soup was otherworldly and the croquettes melted in your mouth.  We used the bread to clean the bowl!I had duck breast with spaetzle, pickled huckleberries, and thyme au jus.  The duck was perfectly cooked.  For dessert, we ordered the doughnuts with three dipping sauces and a vanilla malt.  Yummy!  The Valley of the Sun has a standout restaurant on its hands!
5	Soo, last night was my 2nd dining experience at NoCa and it definitely blew out my expectations!! On Sundays, they do a "simple supper" where the menu is limited to only a few choices of entrees...everything else is set! The best part is that the price is set at a bargain $35 for all 3 courses and they offer a simple cocktail (last night was a cherry lime martini) and a simple red and white wine each for $5! (The rest of the wine list is available though!) As always, the service was impeccable and I really enjoyed the Bartender! He was super helpful and even clued us in on one additional special starter they were offering of a sea urchin panna cotta with lobster for $14. Now the BF and I love sushi, but aren't huge uni fans. OMG am I glad we tried it! The BF described it as the ocean with a touch of cream! Pure heaven! Our second course arrived as a simple salad of beets. It was fantastic and we both nearly licked our plates clean! For the entree course, the BF had the flat iron steak, while I had the halibut. Both were simple, delicious and wonderful! There was nothing left of either and specifically, the celery roon and parsnip puree was amazing! Next came the standard cotton candy course which is always fun and then dessert! Who doesn't like an ice cream sundae with all the toppings of your choice!?!? The BF literally ate all the hot fudge while I indulged in the roasted pine nuts, strawberry sauce, cookie crumble and cherries! So delicious!! Really, this food is great and I love the idea of the simple Sunday menu! It changes every week, which is posted on their website, and it is a great, less expensive way to try some of the best food in AZ! Can't wait for Sunday now!!!
5	Two things really struck me about this place:  the tasting menu portions are HUGE and the restaurant has an extraordinarily convivial, let's-mingle-amongst-foodie-friends atmosphere.  Since we only spent two nights in Phoenix, I did my research and made sure that one day was devoted to the awesomeness that is Chris Bianco and the second night would be at a delicious, more upscale restaurant that takes reservations.  After searching Chowhound and Yelp, we decided on NOCA.  I knew ahead of time that NOCA doesn't normally offer a tasting menu (which is how I like to roll when I am trying out a new place) but on the day we were visiting, there was a special Four Peaks Brewery beer pairing tasting menu.  I'm not a huge fan of beer (plus I'm one of those unfortunate Asians missing that essential enzyme that breaks down alcohol), so I wasn't psyched about the pairing, but I'm super glad I got the tasting menu because there was a whole lot of yummy-ness served up that night.Here's what we had for $85/person:* Amuse of shredded duck salad with tangy Asian vinaigrette* Fluke sashimi with pickled radish, rice crunchies, ponzu gelee (with Sunbru Kolsch Style Ale)* "Bacon and Eggs" pork belly with onion jam, crispy poached organic egg, Blis maple syrup (with Hefeweizen)* Wagyu Pastrami and pickled cabbage and red onion on pumpernickel toast with Dijon foam (with Hop Knot IPA).* Alaskan King salmon with melted baby leeks, asparagus, morels, and Bearnaise sauce (with The Raj India Pale Ale)* Berkshire Pork Loin with mustard spaetzle, carmelized napa cabbage, baby carrots, and smoked shallot jus (with Kiltlifter Scottish-Style Ale)* Big bowl of blue raspberry cotton candy* Oatmeal Stout Float with malted vanilla ice cream, warm doughnuts, and dulce de leche dipping sauce (with Oatmeal stout).Everything was really delicious but super filling.  I swear I reached maximum capacity by the time I ate the Wagyu pastrami (our 3rd course!).  We even had our waiter start giving us just one glass of beer to share because we were just wasting it.  Per our waiter, the portions weren't much smaller than the regular (non-tasting-menu) sizes even though we were eating five meat-heavy courses plus dessert.  I know the Asian in me should have relished the bang-for-the-buck, but I really wish the portions were smaller so I could have savored it more (my genetic make-up renders me unable to leave food on the plate without major guilt).  My faves were the "Bacon and Eggs" - melt in your mouth savory pork belly goodness paired with the subtle sweetness of maple syrup and Wagyu Pastrami.Service was a little harried when we first sat down because the kitchen was slammed by the large number of people unexpectedly ordering the tasting menu but overall, we had a great time.  We spent the evening comparing notes with our neighbors at adjoining tables about which dishes we liked the best and commiserating about how full our bellies were getting.  I left looking like I was pregnant again, no joke.
4	My food was very good, albeit the menu is somewhat limited.  The wine list leaves a lot to be desired - too many low end wines at big markups and several very high end wines.
5	Unassuming small strip mall spot with stellar food and service. If I owned a restaurant, I'd want it to be like this. Accesible fine dining food in a casual yet nice armosphere. 4.7 starsEve award: wagyu pastrami--best pastrami ever (sorry NYC delis)Cost to worth it rating: 4 ($150 for 2 including multiple glasses of wine, shared app and dessert--quality of food is definitely worth that and have paid more for lesser meals)Highlights:- Wagyu pastrami: A-maz-ing! Melt in your mouth tasty. Gotta love the nice touch of the red onions on top and the pumpernickel crouton on bottom. Beware kids, this is only offered on Tuesdays and Thursdays--you need to make your reservation for one of those days.- Staff: fell in love with them. Waitress (Elizabeth) was all that I ever look for when dining out: friendly, engaging, casually chatted with us and was actually interested vs obligatory, helpful, positive, and attentive. Other staff members were excellent as well, making us feel like good friends who were welcome instead of out of place visitors. They all were SF fans as well which was cool.- Duck dish: duck was good, but the accompaniments were the show stoppers. Fried gnocchi and tiny cubes of pancetta, oh my!- Steak frites: rib eye entree was pricier, but the hub settled on this dish. Worried about the inferior quality of a lesser priced item at first, his fears were unfounded, as the slices of steak were utterly fantastic. - Wine: top rate in every glass we tried (and we can be awfully picky living so close to Napa).- Donuts: sauces were the best in caramel, jelly, and chocolate. - Extras: from amuse (surprised to get one here) to bowl of fluffy pink cotton candy (whose kid in them wouldn't love that?) to the party favors chocolate chip desserts to go, they were execpected treats that elevated this dinner from everyday to spectacularly special.  Lowlights:- Location: hard to find hidden within one of many loaded strip malls. Not a mainstream spot, so our cab driver wasn't familiar with it at all. About 15-20 minutes ride from downtown. Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner date here thanks to Yelp identifying an off the beaten path place. I'm a Niner fan, so contemplating coming back for a divisional game so I can eat here again.
4	Noca is a great place for a date. It is a culinary experience, with all its style. The chefs are working extremely hard right in front of you and they have many interesting things on the menu. We had appetizers of the duck confit and some sort of sashimi. The duck confit was great and had some really fun elements, like the huckleberry waffle(?) first for me. The sashimi  special was awesome as well. we also received a small sample of a duck mousse,tasted like tuna and mayo, which was alright and some cauliflower soup, yum! I had the duo of Berkshire Pork, which was highly recommended by the waiter. It was good in an artsy sort of way, but I wasn't completely blown away. It said it came with brussel sprouts, but it was really 3 leaves of brussel sprouts, haha funny. The pork chop wasn't so great, apples added depth though, and the pork belly I didn't care for. The demi was good though. The donuts for dessert were pretty good as well. I liked the dulce de leche dip. They gave us some homemade shortbread to take home, very good. The service was wonderful. I did wait at the bar and was suggested a very nice sauv by the bartender. The place is so tiny, reservations are a must, we had to sit outside, but it was a lovely night. I wish this place had some great view overlooking the city instead of the grocery store parking lot. Managers did come up frequently to check on us and gave some insight and great suggestions. Our waiter was knowledgeable and attentive. I will go back and try a different entree and hopefully it will be 5 stars next time. :)
5	very cool restaurantopen kitchen, great service, great staffmy only complaint here are the portions.  don't go here if you are hungry - this place is more about presentation.  very good, but very small.This placed was packed on a random weeknight, so make sure to call ahead for rezzies.
4	What fun! We had a great dinner at our first visit to Noca and thoroughly enjoyed the taste, presentation and unique flair of the food. The cuisine was creative yet yet still harmonious, fresh and high quality. A culinary adventure (in a  good way) - we couldn't wait to experiencet each course. After we ordered we received two complementary treats - first a gazpacho "granita" (like a tomato icee with basil oil) and a cold fresh pea soup. Both excellent and perfectly refreshing. For starters, my husband got the cold corn soup, which was naturally sweet, rich and luscious. I had the squash blossoms stuffed with ricotta and fried tempura style. Excellent, though I think I'd like anything cheesy and done tempura style, so maybe I should have tried something a little less conventional. We then shared a large raviolo with duck egg in the center and rich lobster sauce with mushrooms. Delectable; and I'm glad we shared because it was quite rich and filling. The serving temperature was luke warmish - I'm not sure if that was by design, but it would have been even better piping hot. Our main courses were scallops for me and sliced rolled beets stuffed with cheese for my husband. The scallops were done just right, and nicely salty (too much so for my husband's taste by I loved it). The beet dish was a play on a "pasta" dish with beets instead of pasta. The sweetness of the beets was nicely offset by the bitterness of broccoli rabe. By the time we got through all this (OK I had to have some of the scallop dish packed to go), we were stuffed but were dying to see what they could do with the desserts. A complementary bowl of green apple cotton candy kept us entertained while we perused the dessert menu. If we had listened to our stomachs we would have stopped there, but the taste buds were in charge by that time. The lemon tart was a wonderful. The donuts were, well ... donuts. I personally think that's a good thing (mmmm...donuts), but next time I'll try a more creative selection. On a Thursday evening we found the place less than half full so apparently weeknight crowds are hit or miss. The interior decor is spare yet comfortable. Until sundown the natural light through the windows is bright enough to make the interior a bit harsh and difficult to focus. I generally love lots of natural light, so I don't know why I found the lighting here so difficult.  prices are fairly high, and I'm not surprised considering the uniquness of each dish - many items are locally sourced and and are clearly albor intensive.  Regarding the of the dishes, I would be nicely sated with an appetizer and an entree, or only an entree for a light meal.  The multi-course feast I described here had me uncomfortably full, and I'm not a skimpy eater.  We aready have reservations to try one of their tasting dinners.
5	the best dinner in phoenix. 100 stars. absolutely perfect. really, nothing to bitch about here.as the yelp 5 star rating says, "woohoo, as good as it gets!!" this place is definitely worthy of every yelpers attention. i will be recommending this place to everyone - most notably for their exquisite dining concept called "sunday simple supper" - where you can get a 3 course meal (plus amuse bouche in between) for $35 a person. really, you can't pass it up. and the menu changes every sunday.i chose this place as my birthday dinner celebration for the lady and i. as soon as we walked in, we were greeted by the owner and shown to our seats. the place has an open kitchen and fairly large dining area, with dark decor and as it started getting darker inside, the mood lighting settled in. our waiter was up right away to introduce himself and the sunday simple supper, with bottled water and delicious sourdough bread served first. after running through the *gasp* 8 PAGES of wines, my lady settled on a half bottle pinot grigio (which they were out of, but we were offered a similar, more expensive one at the out-of-stock wine's price by the owner). i picked their specialty cocktail of the night, a jalepeno margarita, which was the best margarita i've ever had. first taste was a beet salad on a spoon- wonderful and clean.  first course was a marinated heirloom tomato salad with shallots and basil. beautiful presentation and just as delicious as it looked. in between was a gespacho with pumpkin seed. never had gespacho before but i'd eat this every day.  second course i picked the pork shop bacon wrapped pork tenderloin with squash and whipped potatoes, and the lady had the halibut with vegetable rogout and ricotta gnocchi. the pork was absolutely de-fucking-licious. melted in your mouth. i didn't want it to be gone. cooked and seasoned to perfection. the halibut was tender and flavorful as well. two superb entrees. we were served a giant bowl filled with blue raspberry cotton candy, aptly called the "marge simpson". melt in your mouth good cotton candy. the make your own ice cream sundaes were fun and the ice cream was churned to perfection. an EXTRAORDINARY and complete meal.i ate everything from start to finish and left no piece of food, er, standing. the flavor combinations were unique and everything had a perfect texture. the service was consistently excellent throughout the meal. our waiter sent us home with a NOCA treat, some sort of special small cookie cut like a piece of pie which i ate a day later. absolutely the best meal i have ever had. NOCA blew me out of the water. wonderful concept, wonderful service, and exquisite food. NOCA rocks yelpers socks.
4	Thumbs up.  Steak Frites is on the money.  Very flavorful and tender.
5	Ok, I know I'm rather late to try the deliciousness that is NOCA, that is, for an avowed foodie who lives, works, breathes in Phoenix.  And the truth is, I've actually been avoiding trying NOCA!  Even when it first opened, it jumped headfirst into foodie forums, and my general opinion is that "if it's too good to be true, it ain't true."  Well, being pleasantly surprised is severely understated.  NOCA is amazing, wonderful, sublime.And, I didn't even get to choose my meal (entirely).  That's right, I sampled the deliciousness that is NOCA's Sunday Simple Suppers.  The idea for the SSS is well... simple.  Guests get a 3-course meal, with choice of entree, for $35/pp.  Calling ahead, I was informed that it would be the "fried chicken" night.  Well, what the heck, I'm a big fan of Lolo's.  I arrived about 10 minutes before my dinner companion, around 5:45.  Even then, there were a few tables filled with couples, both young and old.  Mark, my wonderful waiter, deftly brought my drink order of their Riesling ($9 per glass).  Being a cheapskate, I miss the days when I had no alcohol tab.  Possessing tastebuds, I feel sorry for that past self.   Presently my friend arrived, availed himself to the white wine option for the night, a pinot grigio at $5 per glass.  And we set ourselves ready for the food.The entree options were the fried chicken, served w/ Yukon mashed potatoes, green beans and a honey biscuit, or the market fish of the day (which I believe was salmon) served over asparagus risotto, or some vegetable option (who knows, who cares).  We got... are you ready for this... the fried chicken.  This went absolutely against my general policy of never ordering the same thing as my dinner companions, thereby letting me try at least *two* different things.  But Mark definitely sold that fried chicken.  Bread was brought earlier on.  Nothing truly special, sliced french bread with an olive oil dip.  It was incredibly subtle, and at a portion that told me "well, this is bread.  Eat, or don't eat.  Whatever."  A salad came first... and it was delicious... but that doesn't even matter, because the deliciousness of the salad was completely eclipsed by the rest of the meal.The amuse between salad and entree came on a spoon, artfully prepared with a dollop of crystalized apple with a slice of grape.  It tingled and made happiness in my mouth.  And then, our entrees.  Two pieces of fried chicken, fencing each other, juxtaposed with golden mashed potatoes, pieces of baby green beans lovingly placed, and a biscuit drizzled with honey.  My greatest love in life is potatoes, so, I took a breath, and took a bite of the mashed potatoes.  It was all I could do not to whimper with satisfaction.  The fried chicken to me looked overcooked... but then, I rarely eat *fried* chicken.  I forked a small piece, and some of the breading flaked off... crackle crackle....  And this next part was absolutely magical.  I took one bite of that chicken, and felt a smile just pervade my face.  I couldn't help it!  There was no way not to smile.  I tried moving my facial muscles back to their normal rigid and strict order, but it didn't work.  There was NOTHING I could do besides just smile.  I looked over to my dinner companion while he took his first bite of the chicken.  It was verified.  I think I can scientifically prove that NOCA's fried chicken induces smiles.  With a 95% confidence interval.  There it was, joy on a plate, served in front of us.  The rest of the meal was sublime.  Who the heck serves a blue raspberry cotton candy amuse????  NOCA, that's who.  And waffle and ice cream sandwiches???  Look, NOCA, if you're reading this.  I can't believe you're real.  Thank you.  When the worst thing I can say about any of the foods is "delicious," then... I stay silent, smile, nod, and dream about going back again.
5	Noca, Noca, Noca...I've been wanting to try you for a while..but with child in tow..I was sceptical about trying you out....do I heart you to death right now? yes! K...so, let's rock the nitty gritty...I ate there a few hours ago and HAD to share... When I walked in, they totally didn't even bat an eye that my daughter(8) was with me...patrons however gave me "the look"...little did they know she was totally in the kitchen later with the chef makin their little cloud of heaven... Ok..so the most phenom wait / bus staff ever! EVER!!!! I applaud you!! If I could have raised a glass to all of you and thought the some what persnickety crowd would follow I would have. But , you know the "Arcadia crowd"... God forbid..they acknowledge where they came from and may be again ...anyway..hat's off to the training and ridiculous management skills you have developed! Like I always tell anyone I have ever dated...it's the small things that count ( d--- exclude) and attention to detail ...NOCA covers it all.... the teeny mad hatter tea cups with soup and the perfect olive oil dipping trays.. I don't heart much these days....serious..check this sh-- out..fo real! If I could put up with the dbag letch next to me for this....you know ..;or please know,..NOCA deserves a visit. The kitchen was a tad slow, but they were slammed all at once..and it's actually nice to have a slow meal, and give each coarse the attention it deserves...they made up for the wait, by bringing Little Tea Cup's of Pea Soup, and Corn Soup, which I snagged from my daughter...then a bowl of tomato gazpacho..(which I couldn't eat, as I am allergic to tomatoes), the waitress did not bat an eye..she whisked it away...and replaced it with an asparagus toasted pine nut salad..yummy! (All of this was complimentary).. I had an Ultimate Vodka Martini..fabu! Nice, Cozy  little 6 seat bar..if the dining room looks crowded, look a little further back to your left and see if you can squeeze in there..good seats and a bird eye view of the crowd.k...so..the lobster ( pronounced) LOBSTAAAAA roll only on Wed. ..I was all trying to be healthy and not eat as a sandwich, at 1st...and it was ok...then I picked it up and had the whole enchilada ....f--- me all the way to heaven and back...you have no idea...I thought about not telling you for like 2 point 4 seconds flat..then decided if you want to have the big "O"..get off your ass and go....just stuff the big ass delight in your face..boss, date, Mom, lookin at you...doesn't matter ..you will thank me later. I have had to cut a lot of food out of my life lately...but NOCA was like ...whatever..bring it on bitch...Thank you for rockin my pallet tonight! The chef...so inventive on every level....the food speaks volumes... but what rocked me was the manager asking my daughter to meet the chef and go in the kitchen to help make the little puffs of heaven .... wait for it....wait for it....home made right then and there-COTTON CANDY! My all time favorite childhood treat. I renamed them Rockin Heaven Puff's last night. They bring them out after your meal....and they'll bring you 2..not that I would know... or anyone else they were gone so fast..I think I licked the bowl...oh geez, do over.NOCA....you are the date I dream about! If yelp had an "O" rating ...you would have it tonight!
4	We went to Noca while staying at the Arizona Biltmore for the fourth of July weekend because it was one of the few restaurants actually open.Walking in you see the place looks good with soft lighting and cool dark colors. We received a very warm welcome from the owner on arrival and in fact all evening the service was excellent. Because it was the fourth weekend they had their Sunday night menu which offered a choice of four entrees, steak, fried chicken, halibut or veggie risotto. It's a prix fixe of $35 which gave you a salad and ice cream sundae too. The salad was just ok for me, drizzling thousand island dressing over basic lettuce with a few other salad items on the plate wasn't my thing. I would have preferred a good mixed lead salad with a well made vinegrette. I chose the Steak as my entree and I have to say it was excellent. It is Skirt steak that comes pre sliced on a very tasty bed of mashed potato. The steak was both seasoned and cooked to perfection. My fellow diners also loved their entrees. There is a very good wine list at Noca and it was nice to see a reasonably priced New Zealand Sauv Blanc that I had never tried before ... It was very good and reasonable priced.We will come back here again to try the full menu but if you are in the area and want some Sunday night comfort food this is a great place to check out.
5	First, NOCA is located in the strip mall from heaven.  In addition to the glorious stuff being served at NOCA, the divine burgers from Delux are being served a few doors down.  For me, that is the best burger place and perhaps the best place to eat in PHX right next door to each other.I have been to NOCA twice now and its been just about perfect both times.  They change the menu very regularly (maybe even daily) and every time I've been I wanted to order everything on it.  I don't quite remember what I had the first time I was here as it was a while ago, so I'll give the run down from my last outing a few nights ago...Started off with the chilled sweet corn soup which was served with avocado and chorizo.  I'm a huge corn fan and this did not disappoint.  Next was the lobster gnocchi and duck confit.  The gnocchi was pretty al dente, which was an interesting surprise in a good way.  Duck confit was awesome...really tender and juicy.  Next we had a pasta dish...I forget the exact name of the pasta...it was circular and had a dimple in it.  Anyways it was served al dente as well with a pork sauage and tomato based sauce.  For the main course I had the duo of berkshire pork...a bit of pork loin wrapped in bacon and a piece of pork belly.  This was a lot of pork, but sooo phenom.  The tenderloin was indeed extremely tender and a great mix with the bacon.  Pork belly is one of my favorites and this simple preparation hit the spot.  The piece was full of that fatty pork belly goodness.  Next they brought out their cotton candy...it was green apple flavored and a great transition into dessert.  I tried two of the desserts...the deconstructed cheesecake and the milk and cookies.  The presentation of the deconstructed cheesecake was really creative with a small ball of cheesecake, a lime jelly, a little strawberry sauce, and a sweet/bitter sauce.  All of it eaten together was pretty good, but the creative is what made this dish.  The milk and cookies were like your traditional milk and cookies but on HGH.  The cookies were as thick as two cookies and the milk was a vanilla malt that could have been a dessert by itself.  When the warm cookies were dipped in the milk....mother of god was it good.I know that was long, but I could talk about NOCA for hours.  The service was spot on both times I was here and I couldnt have asked for anything more.  However, what really makes me like this place is the owner came over to our table both times I was there and asked how everything was going, how the food was, etc.  It just kinda rounds out the experience knowing that the owner cares that the customers are satisfied.Finally, yes NOCA is a little pricey, but it's definitely worth it.  However, a little warning...once you try this place once, you'll always want to go back.
4	noca is good.  but not GREAT like all the reviews seem to gush.i had been meaning to check this place out for quite some time and finally got to recently.  it does a lot of things right, and i did enjoy the experience, but it's not even *close* to being one of the best places in phoenix.  i would describe it as on a par with the fox restaurants (ie, north, bloom, etc) with a couple gimmicky things thrown in which seem to get all the other reviewers all jazzed up...like the poorly delivered amuse bouches between courses, or the cotton candy at the end of the meal.  i really don't mean to sound like i'm being negative about noca...i'd certainly go back there again whenever i want an "upper quartile" solid meal...but next time i feel like having a very special dinner out, with outstanding service, ambiance, and food that goes way above, noca won't be on that list.
3	I was caught off guard immediately upon searching for this place and realizing it was in a strip mall.  I guess that's how everything in Phoenix is, but I imagined that a nice restaurant would have found some way to break free....guess not.It was bustling and hopping when we arrived.  I was a little let down when I saw the menu, as I made a reservation here based on the online menu and it was completely different.  For instance, I was psyched for the squash blossoms, but they were gone.  Upon mentioning this to the waitress, she appeared irritated that I mentioned them and immediately warned me that there was no way to get them, as everyone asks now that they are off the menu.  I wasn't going to ask....was just bummed at how different the menu was.  In addition, it seemed smaller than the offerings listed online, but I didn't want to get into that with her.We ordered and I decided on 2 appetizers--the chilled corn and chorizo soup and the lobster gnocchi.  It was weird, as the two dishes provided such opposite experiences.  The soup was a good consistency, but I couldn't help but think that maybe the chef had accidentally poured 2 tons of sugar into it, because it was cloyingly sweet.  I could barely finish it, and when I did, wasn't sure I didn't just have dessert.  The bites with chorizo were better, but overall, it was just grossly sweet.  Even my friend who LOVES sweet food was complaining.However, the lobster gnocchi dish was excellent.  There was lots of lobster and it was perfectly prepared--tender and sweet.  The gnocchi seemed to have been pan-fried, which added a nice texture to the dish.Love the cotton candy--especially since it was blue raspberry, my favorite Slurpie flavor!Just before dessert, the power went out , which mean the A/C was gone.  On a day that had been 115 degrees, this was only tolerable for a brief period.  We abandoned our dessert--the chocolate chip cookies (which I thought were really good with a little sea salt on top, but everyone else complained about) and made for the door.
4	Absolutely delicious appetizers and entrees in an establishment with passionate owners. Although the desserts weren't much to talk about, the menu is creatively refreshing.I had the fish, and what stands out to me is the tart sauce it was prepared over. I had never thought fish could go so well with tart, but the balance was perfect. Sides were expertly chosen to complement the flavours and presentation was stunning. As for desserts, I tried the "cheesecake" and chocolate tart. The cheesecake came deconstructed and was lacking in unique flavour while the chocolate tart, while satisfying, was somewhat bland. Both were seriously under-portioned. I think they overshot here with the uniqueness of their presentation and ingredients.I will definitely be back to try the rest of their menu, and will reserve dessert for another location if and until their offerings evolve.
5	I was in town for business, but wanted to tack on a nice dinner.  From everything I read NOCA sounded like the place to go.  And it was -- great, thought out menu and helpful but unobtrusive service.I was lucky enough to snag the last seat at the bar because I was dining alone.  For others thinking of doing the same thing, just know that the bar is tiny (6 seats or so) and is definitely not the kind of place where you are going to be able to immerse yourself in whatever is on TV, which was a welcome part of the bar for me.  Plus you are so close to the open air kitchen that  you will have a lot to watch.I have to admit, stepping into the strip mall restaraunt, I wasn't sure what to expect but everything from the amuse to the desert was amazing.   I had an mussells, wagu pastrami, donut dessert and of course the complimentary wine.  All excellent.  The pastrami was really not something I would normally order, but I'm glad I did.  Tender and seasoned just right.  Wine was reasonable and I liked both the albarino and pinot that I had.  Overall, NOCA a really refreshing restaraunt that seems to put a lot of focus on the guest and the food.  I would love to go back and try the chefs menu if I am in town again.
3	I've now been twice. Once as a business dinner, once as an intimate dinner. Both times had their good things and their so-so things. The first time I went, they already had 4 things 86'd off the menu at 7pm. And since they had a slimmer, summer menu in place, it made it even narrower of a selection. I did have fresh softshell crab for app that go around with scallops for entree. The scallops were over cooked and the accompanying risotto was under cooked. The most recent dining experience there I had pork belly as app and lamb loin for entree. The pork was delicious and the lamb was good, but the spinach and baby carrot coins that came with were oversalted. Desserts were pretty good both times I went. Of course everyone marvels at the cotton candy as well as the take-home cookie. All and all, if this place didn't price gouge the shit out of you, I'd might come back. But after spending $200 on a mediocre dinner, I am not likely to return on my own accord.
4	Great restaurant!  Love the Sunday set menu, and $5 wine.  Certainly one of the better restaurants in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. Food was great, great atmosphere, Elliot is the man! Been back twice.. with consistent service & food.
3	So a Redneck walks into a fancy restaurant...We were immediately greeted when we walked into the restaurant and asked if we had reservations...On a Wednesday night...in Phoenix...during the summer...and the restaurant is only half full.  Are you kidding me?  We were promptly seated and briefly waited for a waitress to bring us our menus.  The whole reason we came to Noca was for the lobster roll, so the menus weren't really necessary.  We usually make an annual trip to Maine every summer to visit family but this year, things didn't work out.  So we thought we'd bring a little bit of Maine to us.  Looking at the menu, it was pretty light, but it's summer and I knew what I wanted, so no biggie.Just for grins I started reading through the few things on the menu and about choked on my water when I saw the lobster roll.  $30 for a lobster roll?  This better be one helluva lobster roll for $30.  The best lobster roll in Maine will set you back $6 in a little town called Wells, and the average price back there is $8-12 in any restaurant.  So I read on..."Organic Chicken Egg"...on a biscuit...with a slice of bacon...and a slice of tomato... $15.  At this point, I'm literally laughing out loud.  The waitress returned for our drink order and I was good with the water but my wife ordered a glass of wine.  The waitress later returned and apologized for the fact that they were out of the wine my wife had selected.  So my wife ordered a Riesling and we placed our order.  A few minutes later, another waitress brought us "Tonight's salad...a chopped cucumber and red bell pepper medley".  Okay...You know when you go to a Chinese food restaurant and order a cup of wonton soup and they bring it in that little bowl with the funny lookin' spoon?  Well, the salad was served on one of those funny lookin' spoons.   I kid you not, the "salad" was about a teaspoon full of chopped cucumbers and red bell peppers.  Was it good?  I can't be sure.  I guess I need more than one bite to tell.  While we were enjoying our "salad" a party of four was seated next to us.  This restaurant is another one of those "let's see how many tables we can pack in this place and encroach on everyone's personal space" types.  I swear I've seen cattle in a feed lot with more room to masticate.  The party of four talked it over and ended up ordering a medley of things to share.  One person ordered the lobster roll and the guy sitting next to me ordered...you guessed it...The Chicken Egg!Now I don't know about any of you that might be reading this, but I grew up with livestock.  We raised chickens and every morning I had to gather the eggs.  Now anyone that's ever tried to gather eggs out from under a nesting hen knows it isn't fun.  In fact, it ranks right up there with having to clean out the livestock pens at the county fair as part of your community service.  Thinking back, it probably wasn't a good idea to write "Will you go to the prom with me?" on Jenny Martin's front yard with gasoline when I was in high school.   How was I supposed to know her uncle was the county judge?  Okay, I may or may not have made that part up.  But still, that was the late 80's and I used to sell my eggs for $2 a dozen to different folks around town.  Talk about inflation!So our lobster rolls arrive and we dig in. Now let me just tell you, these lobster rolls were about half the size of an average lobster roll in Maine.  The portion sizes here were really starting to annoy me.   I have to say that I'm not a fan of pommes fries fried in duck fat either.  I guess I'm a purist.  The foursome sitting next to us started to literally, "Oooo and Ahhhh" over our dinner.  So much so, that I almost offered the guy a bite.  But then his chicken egg showed up and I didn't have to...Sucker!After our dinner the waitress brought us the dessert menu.  We looked it over but were pretty full so we decided to pass.  So when she returned with the bill she brought us a bowl with freshly made cotton candy.  Now we're talkin'!  We paid our bill; $80 for 2 lobster rolls, a glass of wine, and a bottle of water and then left.  Who's the sucker again?  Half way out of the parking lot the salad waitress came running out the door and yelled, "Thank you!  Please come again!"  I'm giving Noca 3 out of 5 stars, but it will probably go on my "Been there, done that" list, just because it wasn't my kind of place.   I have to say the food was good, but ridiculously overpriced.  The service was spot on and not overly intrusive.  The only thing that would have made it better for me, and perhaps earned them one more star would have been if they would have given us a bag so we could take our cotton candy home...But then again I don't really need any more reminders of the County Fair.I hope this review came across as more comical and not snarky.  I didn't want it to appear snarky.  Please give the place a try for yourself.  It is very nice.  And by the way, my wife LOVED it!
4	From the moment we arrived, we had a fantastic service experience.  The wine list is very good, with a lot of excellent choices from California.  They were happy to decant the heavier reds we ordered, and the stemware was well above average for restaurants.  My steamed mussels appetizer was good.  The duo of Berkshire pork was very well prepared, although the portion size was excessive.  The cherry bomb dessert was a little disappointing - the flavors were a little bit dull, and the sweetness overpowered everything else.  We had a fantastic time overall.
5	OMG - If I were going to have a restaurant, this is how I would do the food! The atmosphere could be a little warmer, but I liked chatting with the chef at the open kitchen, and the waiter was more than friendly. The food is particular/precise without being fussy. That said, if you are more about quantity than quality, this might not be the place for you.I started with an amuse-bouche of pickled grapes with finely chopped chorizo and chive - sounds like an odd combo, but it worked. The chilled corn soup was poured tableside over the garnishes revealed in the bowl once the elegant lid was whisked away. The intense corn flavor and velvety texture was amazing! I followed this with handmade ravioli with a combination of tangy soft cheeses, sprinkled with a little banyuls and shreds of a harder, smokier cojita. Whenever I've had/made fresh pasta, I can't tell you how hard it is to go back to the dried, boxed stuff! Not sure what al dente should feel like? Try this and you'll know. I hadn't planned on dessert (especially since with a glass of wine, this was becoming pricey for a Wednesday dinner), but then they brought out a sweet intermezzo (I won't spoil the surprise for those who haven't been there yet), followed by a scoop of coconut sorbet melting into a hazelnut dacquios, drizzled with a brilliant sunset-hued mango curd, then topped with thin pieces of meringue. Wow! They need to bottle and sell the tangy mango curd - it was out of this world. Before they rolled me out into the parking lot, they tucked a parting gift by my purse - a neatly-wrapped wedge of buttery chocolate chip shortbread - as if I needed any additional encouragement to come back!
5	Thumbs WAY up on the Bar Bites menu- don't be afraid to go alone! I'm a Nocaholic. When I'm in town, I go. It isn't optional. But imagine my disappointment  when my dinner date had to rush out of town on emergency. I'm down with the single, but eating my myself in a restaurant? meh. Shouldn't have been worried. Of course, this is NOCA. So noticing my twitter mention of the issue, Chef Chris tweets at me to come on in anyways, and sit at the bar. I realize this is the perfect idea, and go anyways. As always, I am greeted by name- a glass of proseco is placed in my hand,and the service stays consistently awesome all night. The amuse bouche is avocado foam and radish, which is spicy but light like air. perfect start.The food is... ridiculous. I option for the chicken egg which is as everyone else says, insane. The egg is perfectly cooked, the bacon is what all other bacon aspires to be, and the brioche is appropriately indulgent. A demitasse of soup arrives and like always, I'm pretty sure "cloud" was one of the ingredients. For dinner, I actually chose the hamachi two ways off the app menu. A few thick slices of yellowtail, with slightly crunchy panko and then an encrusted hamachi collar. Homemade ponzu. It's divine and perfect yin and yang. I've now struck up conversation with the bar neighbors in between watching the action behind the bar. I order the gelato, one of my favorites, and slide half of it over their way to taste. Ridiculously affordable for the quality of food, I walked out thrilled with the experience. Slightly different then my loud, long dinners there with girlfriends, but quietly lovely nonetheless.
4	My husband & I went to Noca for our anniversary. We went for the simple supper, which was salad, halibut or prime rib, and a chocolate brownie. The salad was good, had some capers in it, which provided a nice kick. They than brought us over the cream of corn soup, which was terrific. I had the halibut which was cooked perfectly. My husband and the prime rib with the twice cooked baked potato, he thought the prime rib was great, but the baked potato was a bit salty. We than had the cotton candy, which was terrific.  The brownie sundae was really good, I liked the salted peanuts in the chocolate sauce. Both of the simple wines were really good, which were available fro $5 each. We had a great night! On our way out we were given chocolate shortbread, which was tasted really good.
5	Hosted a VinVillage event here last week, and it was awesome! Had to break the group of 20 into 2 tables, but I was glad they could accommodate more than the 12 I had initially booked. (Yes, I called a couple days ahead to let them know.)We started with an amuse-buche, but were quickly on to the main courses. A steak salad was cooked perfectly for everyon'es liking. The hand-rolled pasta in lemon cream sauce with peas and proscuitto was fabulous, though I threatened to stab anyone who came close "just to try some" as taking 1 pasta tube would have been 20% of my meal! I also enjoyed the salad of zucchini and yellow watermelon with almonds. But the bomb was the bombe - a cherry and chocolate concoction that was to die for! Others got the doughnuts and raved about them and the accompanying dipping sauces, as well.Wine was very good, as it has been in the past, and several ordered a port to go with dessert. Service was on point - refolded napkins, quickly cleared plates, casual yet respectful service from knowledgeable waitstaff. (One server actually whisked my paper-wrapped used gum out of my hand before I could discreetly dispose of it in my purse.) Kudos, once again to Chef Chris, as well!
2	Meh. I've had better $200 meals.  That includes 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 deserts, and a bottle of wine.First off, my dish was oversalted.  Portions were small.  Cotton candy was surprising and unique but just cotton candy in the end.  The butter gelato was the highlight for me.Service was good.  Atmosphere was nice. I have no problem spending money on fine dining as long I walk outta there beyond satisfied.  I mean, its all part of the experience yeah?  The food wasn't anything special to me.  I walked out of this place wishing I had spent that money elsewhere.Might be back to try something else.  Maybe.
3	My husband and I dined at Noca for the first time. We had heard that the Sunday night dinner was THE night we should check it out; after all it was Sunday night fried chicken night.  Upon our arrival we were happily welcomed by the owner (or manager), seated at our table, and shortly after greeted by our server who was quite friendly.My husband ordered the fried chicken (as did half the restaurant) and I ordered the halibut.  My halibut was delicious and my husbands chicken was just as good. However, his second piece of chicken was undercooked and still had the blood line in the breast as he cut it down the middle. We're not the type of diners who "complain" or flag down the server to make a scene. My husband just pushed his chicken to the side and ate the rest of his accompaniments.  A few moments later our plates were cleared from our table without any notice to the raw chicken on the plate.  Good service requires paying attention to detail and that's where I feel NOCA has not yet trained its service staff (including bussers) to do. Dinner was ended with dessert and a farewell from our server.Will we be return diners? We always try to give second chances.
1	Completely. Totally. Utterly - UN-impressed. I am not going to bother to nit-pick my lame experience through 5 'courses' (yes, 1 of them on a tiny spoon - maybe we took Thumbelina's table).  Salad: "OK"Steak: CHEWY (spat out several pieces - gross, i know)(with hash browns for DINNER?!?!)sourdough bread served with olive Oil (!?!) combined taste = acidicsmurf blue cotton candy  (WTH?!?!)1 star for a yummy dessert - but by then i was pissed off, so it only counts to actually write and insert this reveiw!ended up a pissy nite with us blaming each other who's stupid idea it was to choice to waste our nite (and MOOLA !!) here.
5	Easily my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  I've dined at Noca three times, it's tricky because I work at another restaurant in the valley.  I love these newer places that are building up Phoenix as a dining destination, and I think that Noca is at the forefront with Binkley's, Quiessence, Kai, and more and more that are coming along.  The wine list is fantastic; you would be very hard-pressed to find more tightly allocated wines on a list.  Kosta Browne in abundance, Leonetti wines, Seasmoke Pinot Noir; great Spanish selections, and 2nd growth Bordeaux at less than $100; don't even get me started on the Bond and the Harland.  Okay, leaving the wine alone... best, freshest seafood and fish offerings I've eaten since I left Florida.  Cobia makes it onto the menu, and I don't see that much outside the Gulf Coast; plus it's one of the best fish you will ever eat.  My only letdowns:  an extremely drunk guest in a large party who put a Macdonalds cheeseburger on my table during my wife's birthday dinner.  He was from a big table who clearly had too much wine over the course of the evening, and got into some altercation with the management there.  Guess it takes all kinds.  My only other letdown with Noca is the occasional over-seasoning of my vegetables.  Salt is good, but too much is too much.  I will be there to dine as often as I can.
5	What a lovely dinner at NOCA , not only is the food really tasty and fresh but the service is wonderful .  I am overall impressed with the smoothness and finesse of the staff. We noticed that without being intrusive or cloying the staff seemed to notice and respond to our needs. I was amazed how each staff member was responsible for different elements of the serving. One person brought the amuse bouche , a different person refilled water, a different person brought cotton candy ( yes cotton candy, it works) waiter took order and oversaw our dinner, host responded to request , ended meal and smoothly transitioned our exit,  well done . The food was really good , the amuse bouche was.. should we say ...amusing.  so much so that we had to ask again to find our what is was...watermelon and radish "something"..and it worked. We ordered the Tartar which was my favorite for the evening ,  a lovely nibble of handsomely seasoned raw tuna , capers added to the taste with toast rubbed with truffle oil I believe.. super. Salad was the low point, if you can say that , heirloom tomatoes with a light oil and seasoning,  salad with ummm something unremarkable. My entree was a skirt steak very tasty and a potato cake reminiscent of a hash brown but much better.  I had to dodge the spinach ..but husband said it was great. Plus 1 had the Halibut with a yummy sauce that was good yet I could quite place the reddish seasonings..I love a challenge.. he also had rosti potatoes , one of our favorites. Raspberry cotton candy swirled into a light cylinder shape came to our table like a blue  cloud of "ta-da" to finish the meal.  We didn't eat  it but it sure looked pretty. I was fascinated by dessert, a mango thin pudding , with coconut sorbet topped with a thin cracker of hardened meringue ..it looks childish at first, my first thought , I am so going to get Gelato after... but then you eat them spooned together and it's this lovely taste sensation , very delicate and symbiotic.. who would have thought it? I really was impressed if you can't tell. I definitely will be back . Can't wait to try a Sunday Supper!
4	Delicious food, great service and a nine page wine list... makes me a very happy customer!I had been wanting to try Noca for awhile and thanks to AZ Restuarant I finally could without causing too much damage to my bank account.  The food was delicious, with only one compliant.  One of my friends ordered a pasta dish that contained WAY too much fennel, which wasn't even listed as one of the ingredients. Being that fennel is very much a hate-or-love spice ... probably should mention it on the menu... just a thought.  She.. is not so much of a lover  of fennel... so it would of been good to know it would be the main flavor of her pasta dish.All of the other food was AMAZING!  I had the red grouper, and it was phenomenal.  My two other friends had the flat iron steak, which they raved about.  And the dessert.. OMG... the dessert was delicious!!!As for the rest of the restaurant experience it was as sweet as the cotton candy brought to our table before our dessert.  The only other thing.... it was cold, so ladies bring a little cardigan or wrap, and what a weird location for a fabulous restaurant...
3	I have read great reviews on this place and the night we were there it was filled with guests - not an open table.We each chose the fixed price menu available during restaurant week. The waiter was friendly - I was surprised by the cotton candy intermezzo. We chose not to have any wine that evening - perhaps that was my problem, although we enjoyed the experience would not choose to repeat it.:-(  Sorry Noca just my taste -  since obviously you have many fans.
2	I had been wanting to try NOCA since it opened, and we finally made it to a Simple Sunday Supper recently. We certainly don't mind spending $100+ on a good dinner, but this was not it. Hubby got the vegetarian option- beet manicotti. It was better than he expected it to be, but by comparison to the size of my meal, his portion was quite small. I got the fried chicken and wondered who the hell had named it the best in the valley when I was sitting there wishing I had a plate of Lo-Los'. I thought the breading was way too thick and doughy and didn't care for the marinade. The corn on the cob as well cooked, but nothing special. The potato salad was average at best, and the biscuit was fine. The stand-out was the supplement of pork and beans. The flavor was outstanding, but the beans were a tad al-dente. Hubby didn't particularly care for his wine.Now, I love sweets, but dessert was overkill. The best thing was the cotton candy. Our sundaes were completely soupy, and then we got handed an average chocolate chip shortbread to take home.I found the service to be overkill as well. I mean, I can pour my own beer, for heaven's sake. The wait staff was always hovering. What we didn't get, however, was a visit from the owner, who seemed to stop by every other table in the restaurant. Maybe he could tell we were disappointed, and just didn't want to hear it.
4	I came here for AZ restaurant week - and while the location is a little funny - in the parking lot of a supermarket - nonetheless I was pleasantly surprised. They were able to accommodate us even though we called pretty last minute and the food was amazing. They had a cherry tomato salad to start - was fresh and tasty, a choice of steak or halibut for the entree - I got the fish, my husband got the beef and they were both divine... and to end some vanilla/peach pudding thing that was heavenly... what i loved most though was that this was one of the only restaurants that had dairy-free selections even on a prix fix for a special promotion (my husband is allergic and its always such an issue) but here it was easy breezy with the no dairy! But the best part was the amazing avocado amuse bouche and the big ol' pile of blue cotton candy you get before the dessert is served... YUMEE!! The waiter was a little in our face constantly checking-in and it got a bit overwhelming and the busboy was also a little over our heads with clearing as soon as we would put out forks down and offering to pour more water as I'm holding my glass still.. but all in all a really great experience with delicious food!
5	Went to NOCA for the first time during restaurant week. The food was amazing and the service was outstanding. I'm looking forward to trying out their regular menu.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while and I finally made it there last weekend...Food was great!!  I had the Duck Confit with sweet dates and waffles...Let me tell ya, I have had many Duck Confit and duck in general, but I gotta say...this was one of my top 3 I have tried NOT just in Phoenix..NOT just in the States...in the world, and I HAVE been to France:)The other dish I tried was the Skate. This is a had dish to manage but the exec chef executed perfectly...The service was a bit slow...It took 45 min for my starter to arriveAdvice:  Go after 7pm..they get an early dinner rush due to their Biltmore location.
5	I just went here for the first time for a late dinner last night & loved it!The parsnip soup with pine nuts and golden raisins was wonderful! Very light and creamy without being too rich. The salads were very tasty but not among my favorite items on the menu.The duck with a huckleberry and german spaetle. I LOVED IT!! My friend had the lamb and that was also very good! Blue Raspberry cotton candy was presented after the meal which was a nice treat but being the foodies that we are we still went for dessert! I had the coconut mango meringue dish which was very refreshing and flavorful! My friend has their homemade donuts with raspberry, caramel and chocolate dipping sauce with a vanilla shake.  All worth going back for often! Service was attentive but not over bearing. 5 Stars!
3	Nice, small restaurant... but its located in a shopping center, well I guess in phoenix you don't have to much choice...they should cover their window so you don't see all the saveway's customers...The food and service are good... the only odd thing is the cotton candy they bring with the check??? Not sure about that... Overall OK... I'll go back...
4	So when you ask for restaurant advice, do you get annoyed too that NOCA is ALWAYS the reply?  It's a bit over my usual dinner budget, but I finally had an opportunity to go for a light late weeknight supper with some friends.  The plan was to reduce cost by sharing plates.  NOCA reminds me of good restaurants you'd find in urban areas, in that it doesn't look like much from the outside but has urban style inside and the food is amazing.  NOCA is in a typical Phoenix strip mall that's anchored by a Safeway.  No mountain views here, just a great restaurant.It was a very good sign that we would be well taken care of when the obviously hands-on owner greeted us at the door himself.  And we were:  the owner let us select our table, our server was the nicest person on earth (anyone who can give as good as they get from our group is), service was fast and thorough but not hovering and the food was wonderful.  For the table we shared a bottle of wine, an excellent green salad (not overdressed yet had this amazing dressing), tortellini (clearly hand made and the best I've ever had) and lobster gnocchi (no words necessary).  The only thing more I could have asked for were more appetizer selections, because we would have ordered more if they weren't so heavy.  At $200 with tip, the bill was more than I had intended, though I do think we got our money's worth.  Think I'll stick to the bar they have hidden in a corner next time and just split one item with SO.
5	NOCA (North On CAmelback) is truly perfection in a restaurant.  Everyone that anyone could possibly want in a restaurant is received.I have only been to the restaurant twice, but both times were thoroughly enjoyed.  Every single aspect of a restaurant is taken care of and the attention to detail is amazing.  From the second you step foot in the door the experience overwhelms every sense.  The restaurant design is clean, cool, yet classy and conservative.  The music fills your ears, but doesn't overwhelm a conversation.  Most importantly, the staff is truly there to cater to your every need.  They are truly a professional wait staff, and not simply working in the restaurant industry for a few bucks.  Then you get to your actual meal and words simply cant describe the ecstasy and delight that goes through your body as you are enjoying it.  Paired perfectly with a selection of wine or a cocktail by your professional waiter. Make sure you try the appetizer bacon and eggs.  It is to die for.  The chef's personal rendition of a old breakfast standby for a dinner meal.  In fact, everything that I have enjoyed on the menu is perfectly done.  Let them do their thing, and simply sit back and enjoy the perfection and your company.One of my biggest pet peeves about fine dining is I never feel that I leave completely satisfied by the meal that I just had.  If I am going to pay the money for a $30for a plate or more, it better be perfect.  No ifs, ands, or buts.  Its gotta be the best.  NOCA not only satisfies, but it goes beyond.  Truly one of Phoenix's culinary masterpieces.
5	We had just bought a house and I wanted to celebrate. i wanted something slick, hip, cool and crazy tasty. I picked NOCA. I picked well, they did not disappoint. It was hip, cool and better than crazy tasty. I thought about abandoning the new home and moving in..Yes, the wine, the appetizers and the food was simply that good. We sat at the bar and watched the sous chefs cook away and loved it. I found myself telling my espousa - OMG, can you get over how good this is and eating with a stupid smile between bites. Go, eat, smile and do not think about moving my cot, I will be back.
4	I usually don't entertain friends/business associates at restaurants that I've never been to (I hate to be disappointed over a recommendation). But I was overjoyed with NOCA. I started with the heirloom beets which is not on their online menu. It was amazing and the beets tasted like candy! My main entree was the Tagliatelle w / San Marzano tomato sauce, oregano and Pecorino. My only disappointment was that I expected the interior design to have a little more umph or urban flare. But hey, I quickly forgot about all of that once my starter arrived! Bon Appetite!
5	It took us a year to get back, and NOCA is still amazing. To start, the service was great. We arrived early to enjoy a drink with friends at the bar. While it's a VERY small bar, there was ample room and the service was quick. When we were ready, our table was waiting and (much to my delight) they transferred our bar tab to our table. Why can't more restaurants manage to pull this off? With it's changing menu, you never know quite what you're going to get, but everything was absolutely delicious. The "deep fried egg" appetizer was divine yolky goodness and the fois gras was rich and delicious. My steak was cooked to perfection, tender and full of flavor. For desert, we splurged on fresh warm donuts and (of course) the malted vanilla shake. Add this to the cotton candy they bring each table at the end your meal and you've got a super high carb finish! But, if you're going to blow your diet, this is the place to do it. If you haven't been to NOCA, you're missing out. While definitely not an inexpensive meal, keep it on your list for special occasions....definitely one of the best meals in Phoenix!
3	I had heard several good complements about noca and was excited to have dinner here. Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed. All four of us ordered the tasting menu. Two of us had it with wine pairings as well.  The presentation was good. We started with some type of a small palette cleanser. Our first course was either a mushroom soup or a salad. I had the soup and my husband had the salad. It was good though not amazing. Our second course was pasta with meat type sauce. This was the best course by far. Our entree was a flat iron steak. It was good but again not amazing. Dessert was blue cotton candy and chocolate cake w banana gelato. The cotton candy was a nice surprise.What was very disappointing was the wine pairings. Our waiter knew very little about the wines and strangely did the same pairings regardless of whether we ordered. The soup or salad and the fish or steak entree. The entire wine line-up was completely in the red family. Overall the presentation was good, portion size was good, service was ok, food was ok. But nothing spectacular. If you are looking for a wow restaurant I would rather recommend alto at the hyatt gainey ranch.
3	** 3.5 stars *** Had a nice dinner there Saturday night.  Not spectacular, but very good.  I did the tasting menu with wine pairings. The scallop first course was very good, the pasta second course was excellent, the veal entree was pretty good despite it's politically incorrect main ingredient.  I agree with other Yelper's comments about the portions...they could be larger for the prices.  The location is not ideal, but at least you can grab a box of Huggies and some Windex from the Safeway while you're there.  The wine pairings were all excellent, especially the Rose from the Tool Guy's winery up north (not Tim the Toolman Taylor -- James Maynard Keenan)...very surprising - a Rose?  from Arizona?  -but it was quite good.  I am heading north over V-Day weekend sample a great deal of additional wine, so I'll report back in a couple weeks.
5	I've been to NOCA three times since this Summer.  I'd say 2 times were ridiculously good and the other was just awesome.  All food at NOCA is fresh, flavorful and well prepared without being overwhelmed by too many ingredients.  Simple, straight forward, interesting and creative food.  The steak is excellent by the way.  I'll give two examples of their creativity.  First, the mussels: Please know I'm ok with mussels but don't go out of my way to find the best place that has them because I find most places prepare them similarly-a bit of butter, shallots, white wine, simmer/steam/serve.  NOCA however is not the same in a great way.  Chorizo bits in the broth you say? WTF I say?  Hmmm, interesting I think.  Then I ADD think- I love my swine, pork makes anything taste better, I must try these.  ADD then takes me a bit farther into the conversation at the end of Pulp Fiction between John Travolta(Vincent Vega) and Samuel L. Jackson(Jules Winnfield) about why Jules won't eat swine.  Ok, no more ADD...I'm back.  That was all of about one minute in my head.  Disturbing I know.  So, the mussels arrive and taste excellent.  The chorizo makes that dish oh so flavorful and savory.  My other example is the Lobster Roll, which is served only on Wednesdays.  Again, I'm not a person who goes out of my way for Lobster but after reading about it on here, I decide to partake.  Sweet Baby Jesus, this is the Bombay.  Take the lobster by itself and it would be very good but put it inside the brioche bread soaked in herb butter and it is the best!  I know believe in a higher power.  Can they serve this on Sunday for brunch and I'll attend services here?  So, in short or long if you will, the food is awesome from appetizers through dessert.  The staff is friendly, courteous and on top of it.  The Owner, Elliott, knows his food and wine(one of the best wine lists in Phoenix) and is a great host and has an outstanding sense of humor.  Go here often!
5	When I grow up. I want to be Eliot Wexler.Even when his acclaimed restaurant is closed for Superbowl Sunday, he's answering the phones to make sure each guest talks to a live person.The master restaurateur picked up the ringer when I called for a last-minute dinner reservation tonight. He politely explains that they are closed and offers a reservation for another night.Wow.Not only was he cool enough to give his staff the night off (...and the subsequent hangover Monday), he personally takes over the customer service to make sure guests are accommodated.This is not unusual for NOCA.The ever-perfectionist Eliot often answers the phone for his own restaurant and personally oversees the first impressions of all dining experiences at NOCA.What about the food? You don't need me to talk about it. The endless local and national reviews cover that. It's epic.I've dined here many times and I will always be fan.Watch out Eliot. I'm taking notes. When I open my restaurant... will I be a friend or a formidable adversary?Love, your JuxtaPalate pal.
5	NOCA stands for North Of CamelbAck, i love this place, went with a few friends.  The foods are such a delight, Chris the Chef actually trained years in San Francisoco before coming to the valley, their duck is crips and sweet, and to top it off, their Scallops...omg it is sweet and delicious, it melts in your mouth (not a taste of dry or fishyness).  Definitely a must.  They also have a private dinning area for small parties.  I would suggest calling for the menu before going, because their menu changes daily, it enables them to serve up the freshest dishes.
5	My boyfriend and I have been to Noca 3 times and have loved it everytime. I don't think we've ever eaten something at Noca that we haven't loved. The service is outstanding... Eliot and the staff are great! The menu constantly changes, so you know you'll be getting fresh and seasonal dishes. I won't review our specific dishes because they probably won't be available, but the starters, short rib, pork dishes, cobia and fresh pasta have all been phenomenal. I also love the amuse-bouche (small food samples) served between courses. Noca even sends you home with an individual cookie for each member of the party.
4	We've only been to two Sunday dinners, but they were excellent.   The owner is certainly hands on and the service is good.  The place is a little crowded for my tastes, but not overly so and not overly loud.
5	Don't let the facade of a nondescript strip mall deter the foodie in you from venturing into NOCA- short for north of Camelback.  Open kitchen with seating, high tops and tables, NOCA has the vibe of true foodie joint that is hitting its stride.....Read onLet's start with owner Elliot working the door to make you feel at home even though you may live 2,500 miles away and the waiter's waiter  - Carl- with a table side manner, sense of humor and Radar O'Reilly timing - this guy was on.  And I mean invisible on.  His table tending was Marine-quality.Oh and how about his wine coaching ?  Like talking the diner off an east coast "ghost" of a wine (they have 7 different Turley' Zins on the wine list)  and suggesting a less expensive but more appropriate tempranillo?When was the last time that happened?Let's  cover the tasting menu offered the night our group was there-insanely priced at $55 - which began with a duck confit  that tasted like it was lifted off the menu of a ninth arrondissement bistro...into a comfy linguini paired with a traditional (and light ) sauce...we've now been to France and Italy and I haven't gotten to the main course......a flat iron steak  - just coasting to the right temperature as it was delivered with its side of onions, spinach , whipped potatoes and ...some crispy bone marrow about the size of a button. Fashion forward for a foodie...but clever enough to make you smile.  The kitchen has a sense of humor - just ask for the "bacon and egg" appetizer.....Also offered that night was a lamb t-bone paired with maitake mushrooms, cauliflower lentils and arugula..... this dish was solid enough to take a glass or two of a Turley Zin.  Seafood was covered by the offering of an opalescent cobia with cippolina onions in orbit, a green garlic puree for depth and a red pepper syrup for some additional sweetness.  Plated like a photo shoot and tastier still, this dish showed that the kitchen has a gentle side as well.Now when the Brit at the table cannot remember having a better sticky toffee pudding dessert, even at his Aunt Penelope's house in Basingstoke, you know you have winner pastry chef as well.Proper service and table tending, a wine list that covers all price points and some tasty cocktails make NOCA one of the most memorable dinners I've enjoyed a long time.
3	3.5 starsWe arrived a few minutes late for our reservations and were greeted warmly by Eliot Wexler, the owner.  He assured us it was not a problem and we were seated in about 10 minutes at one of the banco tables against the wall.  (The seat was uncomfortable as the table seemed a little too high for the seat.)Our server was friendly, but overwhelmed and therefore not super attentive. We shared five courses, among them wagyu pastrami, which was amazing, but two of the courses were a little boring. Generally we were impressed with the effort that seemed to go into creating each dish. It's hard to find this level of creativity in the Phoenix area.  The ingredients were seasonal and very fresh, but for the price we were a little disappointed and a little hungry when we left. (There's a great burger place in the same strip mall that was singing a siren song.)We'll try NOCA again, but order carefully and maybe have a late lunch that day!
2	So I heard about the lobster roll. HAD to try the lobster roll. I made reservations for a wednesday night so I could eat the lobster roll. well, I wish I could say it lived up to my expectations.The evening started nice. Decor and atmosphere is very nice. My brother and myself both enjoyed the wine that we chose. The soup that we started with was EXTREMELY yummy. wished I had orderd more of it. although at the moment I cant recall what kind of soup it was. lol. creamy and delicious. it has been a while since I ate here. a few months at least. I do believe it was sunchoke or some sort like that. anyhow, on to the reason for my visit.I ordered the lobster roll, of course. my brother ordered a scallop with cranberry bean dish.I was excited. super excited. then the plate was put in front of me. I was shocked. it looked like a little mini dollhouse version of a lobster roll. hmmm... okay, tiny, but how does it taste? well the roll was nice a buttery and crispy, but the lobster filling was far from impressive. not bad, just not special. AND I couldnt wait to try duck fat fries! but alas, they tasted like regular fries. were they? I have my suspicions. As for my brother's dish, it was far worse. the beans were extremely over salted, i wouldnt have been able to eat the dish myself.Dessert was hopeful. Trio of warm doughnuts anyone? I am so there! And they were quite tasty too. I liked them far more than my brother. although not all the dipping sauces were impressive and could have done without. I still enjoyed it very much.Cant forget to mention the free cotton candy either. that is a very nice touch. sadly, though, I will not be coming back.
5	I was ravenous by the time I went to NOCA. So when I saw the amuse buche included Cucumber and English Pea, I was not that enthused (since I hate cucumbers) but it tasted sublime and I was ready for the rest of my meal.  I enjoyed service at the counter watching the Chef's work their magic.  I enjoyed a squab breast confit that was moist and cooked to perfection.  Followed by their raviolo - one big ravioli filled with mascarpone and duck egg yolk.  Break that yolk and you get an amazing richness. Followed it up with their steak (want to say strip but can't remember the exact cut), again, devoured that and the lovely polenta it was over.  Thoroughly enjoyed the bowl of cotton candy, but the toffee that the waiter recomended was perfect.   Service was absolutely flawless and unobtrussive.  I recommend that other fellow solo diners request the counter so they can watch the chefs work.
2	We read in Phoenix Magazine that NOCA has incredible Lobster Rolls on Wednesday's. So we stopped by to give them a try and were not impressed. Kind of like a mayo heavy spread instead of a true chunky lobster roll. This review is limited to the rolls.
5	why would you even want to change anything on the menu at noca??? by far and away some of the best paperdelle pasta i've ever had. great setting - not too big, not too small. and if you're going to bitch and complain about serving sizes, go read a fucking book about good cuisine - you don't need a full plate of this kind of food. you WANT to eat more than two courses. i highly recommend noca and will come back time and time again. No Option Can Accomodate better. ZING!
4	Cute place with good food and good service.  It is comparable to a 3.5-4 star restaurant in big cities like New York, SF, LA.  It is a bit pricey, but it's a gem in Phoenix.  At the end, they also give you a roll of cotton candy as dessert instead of the usual truffles that everywhere else serves.
5	my girlfriends and i were in phoenix for sf giants spring training & my girlfriend sarah's bachelorette party the weekend of march 19th!  we made noca our highlight dinner reservation of the weekend!  we thoroughly enjoyed every dish...the amuse bouches, the apps, the wine and drinks, the main courses, and of course the cotton candy!  we recommend the tasting menus for sure!  what a wonderful nite!
3	Tonight I went to Noca to try it out because I heard such awesome reviews well here it goes-To start I had the ice tea and my dad had a glass of the Leese-Fitch Merlot. He said it was pretty good and strong. I enjoyed the cups as well anyways, After we ordered the Mozzarella Starter which was so delicious, little small for 15 dollars. In between our meal and our entree was a celery root soup which was really good however really small again. Then came the entrees. My dad got the tile fish and I ate the skirt steak. Both tasted delicious however it seems to be a pattern that everything is to small. My dads fish was 30 dollars and barely the palm of his hand. Mine was 26 which I felt pricey for a skirt steak that I can find at Safeway for 8 ha ha. Next came the cotton candy which was awesome and a great and unique touch. Finally came dessert. Now I am a complete sweets girl and I never turn away chocolate however tonight was unusual. It was my birthday dinner and I told them and they brought out a desert. Well it didn't really taste good to be honest so i sent it back. Round 2. New dessert. I felt bad but it was just as bad as the other dessert if not more. Toffee cake with Greek yogurt. um. As we got our meal we were charged for the dessert that I did not eat and I find it very tacky they charged someone dessert for there birthday. I work in the food industry and I would never charge someone for their birthday dessert. All in all the service was great, the food was great minus dessert, small portions, and pricey. I will go back though because the food was delicious and I think everyone deserves a second chance. :)
4	Excellent service.  Easy to access.  Dessert is amazing.  Husband loved Salted Butter gelato, I loved the cherry.  he always loves his fish entrees here.  I eat very unsophisticated so finding anything here on the menu is hard for me.  I tried a pasta last night, it was salty and boring.  I still recommend this place for people with grown up tastes.
5	Last Sunday, my friend invited me to try this restaurant. I had the fried chicken and it was very good. I do not usually eat greasy food but even though it was fried chicken it did not taste heavy. We also had the spring salad and choc. peanut Sunday. My friends and I really enjoyed it. Plus they did not play music very loud so we could actually talk and visit and just enjoy.
5	Took my husband for our anniversary and it was great.  I loved their little amuse bouche that kept us interested between each dish.  Plus I've never been served cotton candy for desert, what a great idea.  The deserts were the best part of the meal.  My hubby got the gelato and it was amazing.  Can't wait to return.  The only problem, we made reservations and still had to wait for a table.
4	An excellent restaurant for foodies.  The simple salad was not simple at all, the halibut was perfectly cooked and the presentation and extras on the plate enhanced the meal.  The tastes, cotton candy and parting cookie were all nice surprises.  I would definitely return.  The only complaint was it took a long time in between courses and while my company was delightful it made for a long evening.
5	This place was great - from ambience to food to wait staff.The menu is always changing based on what is fresh and seasonal, which is great, and everything was fantastic!  I highly recommend the heirloom beet salad.  It was amazing and everyone at the table loved it.  The lobster ragu with potato gnocchi was also really delicious.  I was in a party of 3 and we ordered Lamb with Beet Greens and English Peas, the Gigli pasta with a Garlic Cream Sauce and Peccorino Cheese, and the Tasting of Spring Vegetables.  The lamb was succulent and flavorful, and the vegetable plate was my favorite (broccolini, chanterelle mushrooms, carrots, green beans, and creamy black rice).  For dessert, we had the toffee cake and the caramel cookie sandwich - the cookie sandwich blew my socks off - light, crispy chocolate cookies with just enough caramely goodness to be delicious but not too sweet.All in all,  a lovely dining experience and I will definitely be returning.  I loved NOCA!
5	Foodwise, this is one of the best restaurants in the city of Phoenix (yes, I include Scottsdale, as well as all of the other surburbs, in "Phoenix") and has terrific service to boot.Carefully created fun cuisine, with high quality ingredients. I wouldn't hesitate to send anyone here. Even those with a less than experienced palate can find something on the menu they will enjoy.
5	My husband and I were visiting my parents in Phoenix for the Memorial Day weekend.  My mom is a phenomenal cook, so my folks don't like to eat out much but we wanted to treat them.  I did my web research on the latest and greatest in Phoenix and NOCA seemed to fit the bill--especially when I read reviews about organic and local ingredients.  It did not disappoint.We all had a FABULOUS meal.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful.  From the green salad to the pasta dishes to the amazing tile fish entree, they get super high marks from us.  I have to say the desserts were also out of this world good.  Best gelato we ever tasted and that donut desert with the sauces.....oh boy.  We will definitely return to NOCA on our next trip to Phoenix.  I urge everyone who reads this to try the restaurant.  Lastly and not leastly, the service was impeccable.
5	Perfect date night restaurant. Order as many different items as you possibly can, everything is so fantastic that you really need to try everything!! The menu changes nightly so I only find it appropriate to go often.  NOCA has become my most favorite dining experience in the valley to date.  The food, the setting, the service-- all of it is an experience that I keep telling my friends they "have to go, you are missing out!"  I even offered to babysit for the friends with kids, I am pimping noca out.  The Berkshire pork belly confit was no longer just something I heard talked about on Top Chef, but my appetizer at noca. Everyone I know MUST try the Hot Buttered Lobster Roll as well.  The Buratta (Italian cured meats and very special homemade mozzarella) was a dream come true.  These were just the appetizers, people.Pastas:  The Rigatoni was good but the Conchiglie, little pasta shells with pesto and pine nuts was so rich and beautiful, I felt guilty for eating it, like it was sinful or illegal.   Proteins: The table loved the Berkshire pork tenderloin, but I personally had a love affair with the Wild Stripe Bass, mostly b/c I wasn't expecting it to be so amazing, it caught me off guard.  The Prime Skirt Steak was equally as lovely.We even ate dessert, seriously.  The donuts made me smile, the salted caramel ice cream sandwich was not really my thing but of course still good.  The dessert that you MUST try is the chocolate pudding cake with the banana ice cream- I don't know how that cake was made but it was made for me and I am okay with sharing it with you.
5	Just as I thought it couldn't get any better....cotton candy. I was a little setback when the host scoffed at us for not having reservations, and were sat in the far back corner of the restaurant. I felt out of my element with the prices and the upscale clientele. However, our waiter was the best I think I've ever had in the valley. He took time to explain the menu, and recommend drinks. When the bread came out, so did the choice of salt/ pepper/ balsamic vinaigrette choices to add to our oil for dipping. My boyfriend and I cried as we devoured the Lobster Roll and Prime Skirt Steak. If I wasn't in such a nice place, I would have licked the plate clean. We decided desert would probably not disappoint, so we ordered our french press coffee and waited for our trio of warm doughnuts. Already won over by the Delicious dinner and service, they brought over raspberry cotton candy. We felt like a couple of kids again and we tore into that extra delight. I wanted to hug everyone goodbye as we were leaving, and I know for sure I will be back. And as the sign says on the door, "noca calories don't count!"
5	best restaurant in Arizona...all these detailed reviews are great to read, but the best thing you can do is go and experience it yourself.  Don't skip any part of the meal options and go hungry, and with an open mind...let them do the ordering for you!!  :) love noca
5	The reviews are true. If you're looking for a fantastic dining experience in Arizona, NOCA is your place. I have to say, I was a little surprised - in a good way - at the vibe. I was expecting something smaller and a little more stuffy. This is not at all the case! It was packed (on a Wednesday night) had great music playing and the lighting was just right. There's was a mix of people too which was nice - not the older demographic I was expecting. (I wish it wasn't next door to a Safeway or Great Clips, but once you're inside, you completely forget about that). Besides the amazing food ... complete with cotton candy for dessert (how fun is that?) the service was FANTASTIC. Probably the best we've had in the Valley. Every person in there was working hard and it really made for a fabulous experience. We were treated to "tastes" of various menu items and even though we splurged, the bill was not bad at all. Totally fair for the food and experience. I'd HIGHLY recommend the cocktail with a jalepeno in it - I'm going back to their bar (yes, they have a small bar inside too - who knew?) JUST for that drink. Yum. Nice, work NOCA. My only wish is that we would have met years ago.
5	This was a great dining experience. Was in Phoenix for a conference and heard great things about NOCA. The menu changes daily. I had the skate which outstanding. The apps were also wonderful. I had the salmon and tried a bite of the soft shell crab salad. For dessert the sticky toffee pudding was amazing and the gelato trio was excellent. We tried the salted butter gelato which I thought was going to be gross but actually was pretty good, tasted like vanilla. The best part of the meal was the COTTON CANDY they brought before dessert. Amazing. The service was awesome and the experience was wonderful. Will come again next time I am in AZ....
5	Seriously amazing food, period.  The decor was clean & modern with an open kitchen.  The writing on the window when you walk in has something to do with calories consumed inside don't count...I like it.We made reservations, and it was a good thing.  Even for the middle of the week the place was pretty busy but I don't think the service or wait time suffered.  I think they do the guest chef thing fairly often, as was the case when we were there.  I have no idea who the guest Chef was.Their menu changes often.  I just looked and it's not the same menu I had a month ago and it was different when I first found the place a month before that.  (2) in the party had the tasting menu.  I had the Simple Salad (still on the menu) & Halibut (not on the menu anymore), and someone else had the Tagliatelle (still on the menu) and an appetizer that I can't remember.The best part about the entire dinner is the free cotton candy they serve each table!  It's bright pink and looks like it will be disgustingly sweet but it wasn't, in fact it was a French Vanilla flavor.  I'm not sure if the flavor changes or if it's always the same.  The desserts were even better.  The Warm Sticky Toffee Pudding with Greek Yogurt Gelato was perfect.  The other dessert we tried was the Salted Caramel Ice...yummy.
5	I absolutely love NOCA.  Mark took care of us, and the rest of the staff was fully engaged with us as well (we sat at the kitchen bar).  Although they stop seating at 9 p.m. they were more than happy to wait a couple of minutes after for us to arrive.  We had no idea what to expect, so that actually made it even better since we were blown away by the food and service.  Italian night Sunday is what we were treated to, and from the start I was mesmerized.  Hand knotted mozzarella at the counter!!!  Pickled Watermelon Rinds.... sounds gross, tastes incredible!  The Ribeye entree came with a mushroom ragu, and I swear, I thought that the animal was slaughtered on site just because of how fresh and marbled it was.  I can go on and on about the food.  The ambience was a nice change from your typical high dollar restaurant as well.  Mark (our server mentioned earlier) was extremely attentive and was able to answer any question about the restaurant and menus.  I also loved how instead of "Muzak" playing through the restaurant, they have the chefs plug in their iPod's, put them on shuffle, and let them play.  Too Shorts "Money in the Ghetto" while eating cherry sorbet with pistachio cream, great stuff.
5	I cannot begin to explain how much I adore this place.  The atmosphere is fantastic, the food is superb, and the staff is to die for.  If you need a place to go for a date, or if you're just looking for a delicious dinner--this should be your spot.  It's definitely mine.
4	foodie-style dining in a safeway plaza?? only in phoenix. it's no wonder that i left giddy as a school girl, in surprise!Noca is SF-palate approved *stamp*. fresh ingredients put together beautifully on a plate, with inventive flavor combinations and pizzazz! the menu is seasonal and for the summer time, a cold refreshing corn soup or burrata and tomato salad hit the spot. both appetizer and entree portions were perfect. while prices may be a bit steep for phoenix standards, i would argue that they are well worth it.service is attentive, friendly, and genuine. little touches like pouring soup in the bowl table-side, amuse bouches, and *surprise* cotton candy at meal's end just make for even more giggles of delight. the setting is clean, simple, with a slight hum in the air from the open kitchen.a great option for a date, dinner with friends, and even a work trip! we'll be stopping by this plaza again for sure, for more reasons than safeway!
5	Our 3rd visit, and with an ever rotating menu...if you see the Wagyu Corned Beef.. GET IT!  I have never had a piece of meat so tender and sweet sliced pickles... served atop MJ's pumpernickel bread.. When I heard "MJs", my heart sang a little...BF had the Chef's Tasting Menu w/ wine pairing, while I only added an addtl main + dessert.  Definitely we left full, and they gave me a copy of the menu so I can hunt down the wines we liked for home.One thing we've always noted is how attentive service is but in a behind-the-scenes way... you may notice them constantly working around you but not intruding at all.  That take skills.  They changed the flatware so constantly, I started feeling a little guilty for the pampering.
5	I continue to be a huge fan! Try the Bacon and Egg, it is sooo delicious! They do great Sunday "Simple Suppers", make a reservation now, thank me later.
3	At NOCA, the food is great, but the overall evening played out like a pro and con list, so here it goesPROSWe were easily able to get reservations and were seated promptlyThe menu was diverse and many things looked wonderfulAll of our dishes (pasta, sea bass, steak) were tasty and were followed by almost equally yummy desertsCONSthe atmosphere is loud, making it hard to converse. It probably didn't help that there was a kid's birthday party at the table next to us.The waitress wasn't overly friendly and was confused by our drink order..I'm not sure about the finesse of the staff Deb L speaks about. Not that they were bad, but it wasn't comparable to Lon's or T Cooks.The portions weren't really large enough given the prices. My husband was very hungry after his steak ($30?) as the portion was small. And although my handmade pasta was enough for me, I found myself reaching for the bread--something I don't need to do at Pasta Bar. I also prefer to have a side salad with my meal, that doesn't cost $12.I needed to use the restroom, as did many of the other 20 female guests. With only one restroom this led to a line at the bathroom, not something I'm expecting when shelling out $150+ for a meal for 3. Overall, I think I'll be back, but maybe for a Sunday meal, but it was a change from our normal rotations!
4	Last week was my third visit to NOCA.Since it was a Thursday, I had the wagyu pastrami sliders.  They were very good.  Thick pieces of meat on nicely toasted bread.  House made chips were great on the side.Good service.  Top-quality restaurant all around.
5	I whole-heartadly and HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.....the service was perfect and the food was phenominal.....we ate here for my wife's birthday on August 1st and I can't say enough.  I love the tastings between courses, the exceptional food quality and energetic staff.  They have taken a strip mall location and made it one of the best dining options in the area.  Congratulations!
2	Our party of six agreed we would not be returning to Noca or recommending it  with all of the other wonderful restaurants in Phx.  Definitely too noisy for  $$$ dining. With everything being a la cart the proportions were definitely not worth the money,  Even the pasta was less than a 4 oz and tough in texture.
5	Nearly every review claims the food is delicious. It is delicious, and then some. My wife and I ate there Sat evening, and had an incredible meal, but it is more than great food that makes Noca a must. I ordered the cold corn soup as an appetizer, not realizing it included pork. I don't eat pork, mentioned this to our server, who immediately removed the soup and asked if I wanted something else. I didn't, and we soon got our entrees. We ate, paid,(minus the soup) and left. Less than 1 minute after we left, I got a call from the owner. He called to tell me he was comping the entire meal because he thought we had complained about the service. He was on the car speakerphone, and my wife and I both thanked him for the call, and the offer, corrected his impression, and insisted that he keep the charge on our card.Noca demonstrated service that can't be beat. Go for the food,but know that the food is backed  by a staff who cares, and provides service that is rarely, if ever seen.
3	The more good food I eat, the more I realize that I need to adhere more strictly to the Yelp star-rating system. Three stars doesn't mean that a place is bad, it means it's "A-OK," which to me means, "Yeah, there were some minor issues, but in general everything was pretty damn good and I wouldn't complain if someone I was with insisted we eat there." So, I'm giving NOCA three stars.I have to first say that I was psyched about the menu they had listed on their website, which included fresh, homemade pastas, yummy-looking soups, and lots of organic and seasonal ingredients. When we got there we were not greeted a very exciting menu for that day because it was their "Sunday Supper." Now, this is my fault, of course, for not knowing that on Sundays they do a kind of themed, prix-fix dinner, the menus for which are released several weeks in advance. Our menu included a compulsory ceviche appetizer, a choice between four mains (including fish tacos with a spicy cabbage slaw and a vegetarian torta), and a dessert. I was very disappointed not to have any pasta option (though that obviously wouldn't go with the Latin theme). So, we went with the flow...First came out a little amuse bouche, which was "a play on chips and guacamole." The flavor was excellent, but it left me feeling sad that I didn't have any actual chips and guacamole to snack on while I waited for a very long time for the next course.The ceviche came next and was not outstanding, but not bad either.  During our long wait between the ceviche and the arrival of the main course (maybe 40 minutes or so) came a tiny little cup of cold corn chowder, which I really enjoyed.The mains finally came and I tried the vegetable torta (which would have been a let-down even as a lunch entree) and the fish tacos (which my dining companions loved, but I found to be just okay). The meal ended on a high note with an amazing dessert: Mexican hot chocolate gelato with piping hot, homemade churros! This was outstanding and has led me to believe that they first came up with the desert and then built the rest of the meal around it. Just add the desert to your nightly menu and move on from the Mexican food...I'd return, but not for Sunday Supper...
5	There is nothing else that I can say, but I love this place. The food, service and atmosphere are always impeccable.
5	NOCA is the epitome of a strip mall gem.  From the outside, it looks like a bonafide hole in the wall. Nothing flashy, just another storefront next to the Safeway.  However, once you walk inside, you are immediately whisked away to a world of culinary delightfulness.My husband and I ate here a few weeks ago when his parents were in town to provide free babysitting for the little one.  Eager to venture out on our own, we decided to try NOCA. While there, we chose the tasting menu.  We began with a mis which consisted of a balsamic cured strawberry with a marcona almond. Yum.  Hubby started off with the Reuben and I had the avocado soup.  Both were delicious.  The pasta course was tasty.  For the main course, hubby had the veal and I had the sturgeon.  Both were perfectly cooked and perfectly paired.  Desert included complimentary cotton candy along with a peanut butter smores dish which may have been the crown jewel of the evening, and a peach shortbread which was also very delicious.It is not often that I eat out and feel that desserts are on par with the general menu, but NOCA was an adventure from the mis all the way to the after-dinner cordials!
5	Thou shouldst eat to live not live to eat .  Well, Socrates, it appears I shall fail this until the day I die. I realize that I have been remiss in my yelping reviewing places that are new but not those that are part of my everyday life, so I am going to spend a little time giving back to those places and people that really make my life better.  The best place to start is the top and this may seem like a major homage, but I am all about the details and that is where NOCA reigns supreme.The first detail for me is the design aesthetic at NOCA.  It is very minimalistic but with something for everyone.  There is a patio that has this one table that should you wish to watch magic happen you can sit at and peer straight down the kitchen line.  Inside you can get a similar view if you choose to sit at the bar along the kitchen.  Then there is a mixture of tables that offers something for everyone.  Do you like high tables, low tables, chairs, booths?  Well there are all of these options.  There is also nothing in the decor that detracts from the food.  There is just a clean warmth with mirrors to enlarge space and interesting light bulb fixtures so you can see the food's beauty.In regards to the sound volume, in an open room there will always be a bit of noise, but I have been to NOCA for intimate occasions and work reasons and never felt it overpowering or that I was not able to hear.  Better yet people can hear me and I have voice that sometimes people don't hear.  The most fascinating sound though is the music.  Not one trip to NOCA has been without my husband smiling about some song that he loves.  Is this strange?  Well consider that my husband is into underground rap.  That said fear not because really the music is a feast for the ears regardless of your style.  I assure you there are many people in NOCA that probably don't even know such a style exists and I have never seen anyone cringe.The staff deserve their own mention.  We were at NOCA last night and the busser made my night.  Yes, I said the busser and note that it was the Sunday before labor day and they were very busy.  This same busser has been with them I think for almost the entire time they have been in business and he could give lessons to some of the staff at Kai.      On this particular occasion I was in wonderment about the dessert, which on a basic level was a peanut butter s'more sundae but let me say was actually a feast for every taste bud I possess.  I made a couple of comments about it to him and poof out of nowhere he made another appear.  That is staff empowerment plus the power of listening at it's best.  The main runner has also been there for awhile and is typically at the top of her game and service is generally professional yet warm.  Now the best member of staff is also the owner, Eliot, and he truly does exemplify to me what it is like when someone takes their passion and makes it their life's career.  Here is another example from yesterday.  I called to see if there was availability for two and he says, "Donna, always for you."  Now did I think he really knew by my voice it was me, doubtful, I think he is excellent with his caller ID, but how much more "Disney" do you get with the customer experience?  Not only is he busy greeting, seating, and thanking the guests who walk through NOCA's door, he is always watching the floor, checking with guests as needed, making sure his staff is on point.  I am sure every neuron in his brain is firing from the moment he ushers in the first guest until we have all left.  Oh, and said busser last night saw us leaving and Eliot not being right there and rushed over to say thank you and open the door.At this point do you wonder if I just go for the mood or the service?  Not a chance!  While I have always liked to eat, I confess I was exceptionally picky prior to my husband and to this day I am not as open as I wish I could be, especially on the vegetable front.  Short of brussels sprouts though I am willing to put my fork into everything plated before me at NOCA.  Chris and his team create such a symphony of tastes that you are open to trying things just to see how it all works together.  The crudos are out of this world.  I love sushi and this is the Italian style worked over by Chris's genius palate and always a winner.  The only time I am disappointed is when it is sold out, but better that then ever getting anything less than the fresh perfection their fish always has.  Recently NOCA was named best fish restaurant in Phoenix and I was the first to say no doubt!!  I don't ever feel i could have done better in any city regardless of how close to the water and there just isn't a soul out there that cooks it any better.  Soups, salads, pastas, meats, oh and beverages (fabulous wine, but also try their mixed drinks!!) I am out of room so my final note is that this is the dining bar for me in Phoenix and I thank Eliot and Chris for all of their hard work which I am sure is immense.
4	After 30 minutes of deciding where to dine, we decided on NOCA. Not busy, seated right away. Service was great but serving was slow. It was okay because I had a time catching up with my GF. A server brought us a spoon filled with fig jam, cucumber, goat cheese, and mint. Was really good but a tease. About 10 minutes later brought us a cup of chilled potato soup. It was salty but good. Our order finally came, spinach salad-sliced apples, sugar coated pecans, pickled onions, manchego cheese, vinegarette. Was very good, the cheese was very good. GF order special, New York steak with green beans, fingerling potatoes, pearl onions, and a roasted red pepper relish. Excellent dish. Cooked perfectly, med-rare. Onions were incredible-sweet but delicious. Roasted red pepper relish was yummy. Cotton candy aplus. Finished off with a coffee and cappaccino-okay...Overall, if your not in a hurry and have some good company, try this place..Disclaimer: Don't blame me if they have an "off" night. Mine was "on."
5	I Loved NOCA and will be returning. Do not be scared off by the strip mall location. My boyfriend and I went last weekend and we both loved it. To start he had the corn soup, which he loved even after being surprised by the fact that a 'chilled' soup is cold. I had the broccoli salad, which they kindly made sans the pancetta for this vegetarian and it was outstanding. It is making me hungry just thinking about it. We both had pasta, his with a meat sauce and mine without and we both ate every bite. For desert I nibbled on the cotton candy and he ate every last bite (he is not a desert eater) of a s'more type treat. The cocktails were great and original, even the ice was unique. I would definitely recommend NOCA and I will return.
5	back for another round and couldn't have left any happier!  We sat at the chef's counter and it was awesome...a little warm but not a big deal because the food was so freaking amazing!  Thanks again eliot can't wait to come back for some more.  :)
4	I was a little hesitant when we pulled in by the location. What an amazing surprise! Superb service and delicious food. We had a party of 6 and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their dinner. I had pasta dish with fresh tomatoes and basil. Great atmosphere and terrific wine list available. The most interesting thing is of course the cotton candy after dinner. Ours was green apple flavor.
3	Noca lies in the back end of a Safeway plaza -an unlikely place for a modern restaurant. But hey, just because a restaurant is next to a great clips and nail salon doesn't mean it can't be good...in fact I find that these nondescript locations have the best.My boyfriend and I stopped here for AZ Restaurant week, and of course it was very crowded. With no reservations, we were still able to be seated immediately at the chef's table. The place is noisy, but fun atmosphere and a little bit tight spaced. The decor is hip, upscale, and modern, as a place needs to be next to the Biltmore. Service was impeccable and surprisingly personal for such a crowded place - definitely one of the best services I've had. Food itself was just ok in my taste - nothing really special. For starters, complimentary bread was not as fresh as I think a swanky restaurant would be. We also had a complimentary appetizer from the chef which was some kind of granita on toasted pinenuts - very delicious and interesting flavors going on in there! For appetizers, my boyfriend ordered the deconstructed "BLT" which was a pork belly with arugula and tomato slice on a crunchy, toasted bread. This was by far the best dish of the night...how could pork belly not be delicious though? My corn soup was too rich for my taste and my least favorite dish - the sweetness was overpowering the dish.For the main course, my boyfriend's steak was too well done - very chewy and even quite burnt on the edges. My salmon was delectably crispy and delicious, however. Dessert was delicious, but nothing special or very creative. The cotton candy before dessert was a fun touch, but still just cotton candy.Overall, food was ok, but it may have been because it was so crowded during restaurant week. Presentation and plating were very nice. Service was amazing and ambiance is fun. Food was ok, but perhaps it was because we came on a Saturday night during restaurant week. I'd like to give this place another try on a better day.
2	I made a reservation online with OpenTable requesting a nice quiet booth/table and when we arrived we were seated immediately.  Sadly, we found ourselves next to a rowdy crew of professionals led by a particulary boisterous yuppie that had plenty of Tuesday Night Steam to blow off.  Service was suspect, it took at least 10 minutes for our waitress to introduce herself and take drink orders.  As mentioned by another reviewer, the bread was not as tasty or as fresh as I would expect from a swanky place.  Think Safeway Desperation French Bread discounted on Sunday afternoon after it hasn't sold all week.  We waited close to an hour for our entrees.  When they did arrive they were tasty--but very, very small and I was left quite hungry.  Beware getting your heart set on the online menu or the items within it; the menu changes quite frequently(for better or worse).  I ordered a dram of Ardbeg single malt and the $14 pour was extremely small.  On the bright side, they randomly brought out spoonfuls of similarly random ingredients thrown together that actually tasted good.  The cotton candy was cool for about 3 seconds but then just seemed gimmicky.  Its just cotton candy, folks.  Overall, we were quite disappointed and won't be returning.
5	Our first meal in AZ on a recent short vacation--and it started off things with a bang.We both ordered the 4 course prix fixe. The parsnip soup was light and thick at the same time, with just a touch of cream. Homemade hand-folded spinach tortellini, when cut into with a knife oozed out a rich mixture of marscapone cheese. The wild striped bass was salty and perfectly cooked, resting on a bed of thick, tasty risotto. For dessert, they were sweet enough to let me sub in the peanut butter s'mores ice cream sandwich. YES YOU READ THAT RIGHT. It was decadently ridiculously rich and tasty. And apparently every table gets a complimentary cotton candy to nibble on while you wait for dessert. My husband's toffee pudding was a surprising hit.Service here was wonderful, friendly and prompt--especially great given the crowd they had this evening.Lastly, this place is seriously affordable. When the bill came, my husband thought it would be double what it was. That's what living in the Bay Area will do to you. But it could be practically called cheap...for a full 4 course meal and more than a few glasses of wine.Amazing place. We thoroughly enjoyed it and wish we could return, often.
5	My wife and I have this running debate about what "five stars" means.  I have given places five stars in the CONTEXT on the class of restaurant (like cheap burger joint). And other times I have been too free (I am a bit of a five star slut) with my high ratings.But folks, from the bottom of my heart, NOCA is a solid 5 star, in any class.  Best restaurant in PHX, period. Six star if I could do it.I almost dinged them a bit for the hostess taking a while to come to the front of the restaurant to great us and for the slightly slow waitress.  But the food is ridiculously good.   I could have sat and served myself.To be clear, I don't mean - "Large quantities" or "Cheap" when I say good.  I mean fine crafted food. Layered flavors. Things your tongue didn't knew existed. Balance. Food nirvana... Worth every penny. I can't wait to go back.  Thank God for NOCA!
3	We'd been wanting to try NOCA for awhile and finally made it in last night.  All I can say is thank god for the bread - when people say the portions are small, they're really not kidding!  The kicker for me, though, is that in some cases you're paying full-size entree prices and getting what looks like a tapas size portion.  Don't get me wrong, the chef is obviously really talented and the menu is unique - we just left feeling pretty conflicted about the overall dining experience.Apps- Oysters: $18 for five oysters - not cheap, but a reasonable amount to pay for good quality.  I forget the variety they were offering, but we had never heard of it (and we've eaten our fair share of oysters).  These were definitely fresh and delicious, but they were between the size of a dime and a penny each - about 20% as large as normal oysters.- Hamachi Crudo: Fish was fresh, good flavor.  Comes with 4 small strips of hamachi, some slivers of citrus and an avocado crema.  At $15 or $16, this is what you'd expect for a high end restaurant.Mains- Duck: Absolutely phenomenal.  Perfectly cooked with well paired accompaniments.- Shell pasta with meatballs: VERY al dente (read: chewy) pasta with 3 meatballs that were each the size of a marble.  The entire entree could have fit into an 8oz measuring cup, which at $20 is a little hard to swallow, especially for undercooked pasta.  We ordered it without cheese, and it showed up with, so we had to send it back.Drinks- JR's Ripper and the Corpse Reviver #2: Both good.  JR's Ripper was fruity and not too strong, which was perfect for me since I was driving.Really, if it weren't for the pasta and the fact that the restaurant was really warm and smoky (they had to open the back door to air it out), we probably would have called it a win and planned on returning.  Now, it's up in the air.
4	3.5 stars.After the research I did to pick my PHX dining options this trip, I really wanted to be a fan but it doesn't quite make it to 4 stars for me.  It's still an enjoyable dinner experience.  Funny strip mall location, but nice once you get inside.  Service is very good.The menu is small and there's a la carte options and the tasting menu, which is a great deal at $50 for 4 courses.  I went with that and was stuffed, but hubby ordered a la carte and was still hungry.  The 4 course tasting menu includes many of the items on the regular menu but with the pasta course being a half-size.  Our server also let me subsitute for the dessert of my choice too :)Nice touches to the restaurant was the great amuse bouche (mmm, potato chips made fancy?  I like it!) and the big pink cotton candy prior to dessert were fun and unique.The food quality was good, although I always laugh when I'm in PHX and they talk about the "fresh" fish here... LMAO, it's a desert!That being said, I had the pumpkin soup with hazelnuts (excellent), a pasta (very good), a white fish called wreckfish (a bit oversalted, but nice taste and texture) and substituted the original green tea tiramisu dessert for a lemon tart (OK).I think it's a good restaurant and priced well for the area, but it wasn't as amazing as I was expecting considering that this is often named in the top restos in Phoenix.
5	D-lish!  Great veg options and such a delightful staff.  Pricing on Sundays are great if you are looking for a wonderful menu at a good price.
3	I was pretty disappointed the night we came into NOCA. We had originally planned on returning to Quiessence, a place we had fallen in love with on a previous trip to Phoenix. However, we decided to try NOCA instead, and from the get go I was bummed out. The restaurant is located in a strip mall, which fine, they seem to be EVERYWHERE in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, but when you think of romantic dinner, you don't necessarily thing of strip mall. I pushed that out of my head though, and tried to enjoy the rest of the night.We started off with the Mussels, and they were not all that great. The cripsy bits of Chorizo were the best part of the dish. The mussels were lacking in flavor, there was a tiny bit of broth on the bottom of the bowl, some were still closed, they just weren't very good. And $16 for a starter is a little ridiculous. For our mains,  I ordered the Japanese snapper (the replacement fish for the bass) and my boyfriend ordered the duck. Mine was very tasty, the fish was cooked appropriately, the accompaniments were good, but once again I just wasn't BLOWN away. My boyfriends duck was very good, I actually really liked his and I'm usually not a big fan of duck. The dessert was the best part of the meal, and we had the donuts. The dessert should never be the best part of your meal. When you are spending $30 on a plate of food, I would expect A. the portions to be bigger and B. the food to be immaculate. I just didnt get that experience from this restaurant. Also, if you run out of an option on the menu, but replace it with something else, informing the guest that there is a difference in price would be nice. Like I said, I ordered the Japanese Snapper, which was the replacement fish on the menu, nothing else changed other than the fish, and when we received the bill, I noticed it was more expensive. I didn't like that.As far as the atmosphere goes, I think they are trying to be a hip, trendy restaurant, and they just fall short for me. The crowd was a mixture of people, but we definitely appeared to be the youngest in the restaurant by far. When I spend $140 on a meal, I want to walk away stuffed and wanting to come back for more. I left feeling ripped off and somewhat unhappy about our dining experience. We wished we had kept our reservation at Quiessence.
1	Poor service-small portions-pricey
5	The first time I came here I was dissapointed.  I thought it was too hoity, too pretend fancy.  I've subsequently been here at least ten other times and have been so taken with the food that I think this is the best place to come when I want a relaxed deconstructed meal.  The flavors are all there, but the presentation and use of ingrediants is always surprising and a delight.  Everything from the bread to the dessert is amazing.  I will say that you'll have to spend a bit, but it is worth every penny.  The restaurant is airy on the inside, even though it is in the same parking lot as a Safeway next to a nail shop.  But once inside, you'll think you are in a restaurant in California, like a mini vacation!
5	I know I am late to the noca party...I am so glad I finally got to go! We had a terrific experience here on Christmas Eve. We wanted someplace special (Read, expensive!) and I have heard so many great things about this place, it seemed the right time to splurge. We had 6pm reservations. When we arrived, the restaurant was about 50% full. It got packed as we ate, though, so the 7pm reservations must be hard to come by. The service was fantastic. We had a very attentive yet unobtrusive waitress. The best part of the service was when I looked over at the table next to me, who had been seated after us, and I noticed their food coming out when we had yet to see anything but the fun little amuse bouche. The snarkiness was barely forming in my mind when our server leaned in and said, "I am so sorry for the wait. The kitchen misplaced your ticket. Dinner is on the house tonight. Merry Christmas!" I hadn't even had time to complain yet and she had already noticed the problem, inquired about it, and fixed it. I was very impressed (and thrilled to eat at noca for FREE!!!). On to the food: Apps: The clam chowder ($10) was fantabulous. It was rich, creamy, and laced with wine or sherry, and the clams were so tender and sweet; not like the typical rubbery bites you find in most chowders. The polenta ($14) with bolognese was out of this world. The polenta was crisp on the outside and luxuriously creamy on the inside with flecks of fresh rosemary. The bolognese was rich and decadent, just like it should be. Entrees:I had the spinach linguine ($22) with assorted seafood. I was hooked by the boast of fresh pasta...usually I skip the pasta section when I go out to eat because I can make it just as well at home, but I am a sucker for fresh and this was no disappointment! It was a generous portion (not huge, but adequate) with large pieces of halibut, scallop, and probably some other white fish. The sauce was a delicate garlic cream sauce that barely coated the noodles; it was a nice change from the typical heavy, soupy cream sauces you typically get. Husband had the pork osso bucco ($19 maybe?) , which he said was excellent. It looked beautiful; I didn't try any. Of course we devoured the cotton candy; that was actually the main reason I had wanted to try noca. I loooove cotton candy, and it is such a fun touch. We ordered dessert ($9), which was possibly the best part of the whole meal. It was a tart, heavenly passionfruit cream smothering an almond dacquoise, sprinkled with sheets of mereingue and topped with a scoop of coconut sorbet. I was actually pretty close to licking the bowl, manners be damned. There have been complaints about portion size...know before you go, this is no Applebees. You are not going there to stuff your face with greasy fried. You are going there for a sophisticated culinary experience, part of which is the beauty of the presentation.I had expected to plunk down at least $100 for this meal. While I was super excited to have them comp it, I would have gladly paid for it. And it wasn't terribly expensive, because we didn't order drinks.  I think that's where noca gets the pricey reputation, because you can easily spend more on alcohol than on the entire meal. We can't wait to go back! Thanks, noca, for making our Christmas Eve dinner an outstanding experience.
1	WORST experience EVER with a restaurant operator! The restaurant industry has been built on passion, love, dedication and perseverance. If you want to ruin a wonderful dinning experience this is your place.
2	Let me start by saying this is not the best place for a vegetarian, eating here is an experience, for better or worse, our meal will not be forgotten! The food is actually fabulous, however the teeny tiny portions, insane prices, and ridiculous blue! cotton candy post-dinner left me wondering, why not skip the free carnival food, keep up the high quality, and concentrate on slightly larger portions. A veggie platter for 20$ is ridiculous for at any establishment...
5	I went here on a Sunday night after reading all of the good reviews. The night that I went, they were serving a Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe menu. For those of you who don't know, Mrs. White's is The Original Soul Food Restaurant in Central Phoenix. She is also the mother of Larry "Lo Lo" White, the owner of LoLo's Chicken and Waffles (currently the best chicken and waffle joint in the USA). With that being said, the food was great, the service was impeccable, and the wine selection was good. Simply put, the guest chef idea is a great one. I can't wait to return; I believe that this will be my Sunday night dinner joint when in town. The Five Stars is for Sunday nights; it is as good as it gets.
5	If you haven't eaten at noca yet, you don't know what fine dining is.
5	This is one of my absolute favorite Phoenix restaurants.  Great service, even better food.  You must try it!
4	I really wish Yelp had half stars.  I go 3.5* for NoCa.I would have given this place 4.5* the first time I went, which oddly enough, was during restaurant week when you'd think it would be the worst in terms of food and service.  But, I went back the other weekend, and it knocked itself down to 3.5*.  Let's hope that when I get back there (and I will give it another chance), it's not down to 3*.I went on a Sunday Simple Supper night, which for those of you not in the know, is something they do on Sundays where there is a set menu of appetizer, entree and dessert with a couple of options on the entree.  I have no problem with that- as long as they have an option that doesn't fly, swim, or walk, OK by me.  Dinner started off with a croque monsieur with a salad, and they were able to make mine a croque grilled cheese and keep the meaty bits out of my salad.  OK- nothing to knock my socks off.  The others with me felt the same about their meaty versions.  Then, the wait commenced.  We waited, and waited, and waited for the entree.  To the point where it was that elephant in the room that nobody talked about, that I had brought people here talking about how good it was, and here we were sitting for like 45 minutes in between courses.  When it came, we were all nice and hungry, so everyone ate theirs, but nobody was effusing about the deliciousness.  In fact, nobody mentioned it at all.  Mine was also ice cold when in came.  The dessert was also nothing special- some sort of coffee flavored ice cream with some shortcakes which sounded better on paper than they tasted in my mouth- and I love ice cream.Finally, when I saw our companions of the night again a couple of weeks later, I asked them what they thought of NoCa.  The response was "eh...it was good..." with a shrug of the shoulders.  I'm in total agreement.
2	Friday night date night, had a reservation at Noca at 7pm and so looking forward to it.  Until we walked in the door...this is how our evening went:  Upon entering the restaurant the Host was on his cell phone with this back to the door and we were not greeted. Then we were greeted he still had the phone to his ear.  After being seated we were quickly given bread and water but then we waited for approx 7 minutes before a drink menu or food menu was provided.  There seemed to be alot of runners with nothing to do but not alot of servers. The amuse bouche was so tiny it didn't even constitute a bite. We ordered the mussels as a starter and they were just ok.  Not alot of flavor, seemed a bit rubbery, but the chorizo bits and bread to dunk in the broth were very good. Then our meals came out and I ordered the duck tagliatelle and my wife ordered the Striped Bass.  My dish came out cold on top and the duck was so dry and over cooked that I couldnt eat it.  Had to send the dish back.  The bass was cooked perfectly and very delicious but the broccoli and cauliflower that was also on the plate were overcooked and completely mushy. The overall service was very slow, in fact we had a bottle of champagne at the table and the server never came back over to ask to refill our glasses.  After not being impressed with the dinner we opted not to order dessert and thankfully so. As we were paying our bill, the kitchen caught something on fire and the entire restaurant filled with smoke! We walked out smelling like a burnt steak. We had heard good things about this restaurant but were completely disappointed.  One thing we did notice is the lame attempt they made in trying to copy things from Binkley's in Cave Creek.  Noca lacks original vision and is a bad attempt at copying an amazing restaurant-Binkley's.
5	I have been wanting to try Noca for quite a while now, so when they had a Groupon a few weeks ago I bought one & decided this would be our Valentine's day date destination. I made reservations for Saturday the 12th at 8:30pm. We were about 15 minuets late, but the hostess was very gracious & seated us immediately. We were sat at a high top table with a chair on 1 side & a booth on the other. There wasn't much going on with the design of the restaurant, but I did like the mirrors across from us & the lighting fixtures. I also liked the faucets in the bathrooms. For starters we ordered the mussels, our server said it was more of a one person dish so we each got our own. They were delicious & he was right, we both finished ours. I ordered the nocarita to sip on & my husband surprisingly opted for a sprite. My cocktail was strong but tasty. Our 1st Amuse Bouche of the night, a bite of what tasted like cucumbers & radish. It was light & refreshing. The server who brought it out did describe it, but it was so loud in there we honestly didn't hear him. Our 2nd was a cute lil teacup of parsnip soup. It was creamy & smooth, I loved it! My hubby wouldn't even try it though, so I gladly had both of ours. I almost forgot to mention the bread & olive oil that came before our app, very basic but very good.About an hour had passed from when we had received our app. I didn't notice the length of time, but my husband made a comment to me about how long we'd been waiting for our entrees. A few minutes later our server came up to us apologizing for the wait. He informed us that dinner was on the house tonight & gave us back our Groupon to use another time. I told him I could see that they were very busy & they didn't have to comp our dinner for us, but he insisted. He then brought out a fresh crab cake of sorts with strawberries & a cilantro drizzle, to nibble on while we waited for our entrees. About 15 minutes later our entrees arrived. My hubby ordered the prime hangar steak & I ordered the striped bass. Both were superb but I think I had the winner. We were already pretty full from all the previously mentioned food we ate, so we took a majority of our entrees to go. I was going to skip dessert since I was already stuffed & I knew we'd be getting some cotton candy, but our server convinced me & I got the doughnuts to go. They were pretty good & I loved the dipping sauces. The cotton candy was a blue-raspberry flavor & my husband loved it, such a fun, sweet end to our meal. Oh & they also handed out tiny shortbread cookies, which were buttery & slightly crunchy, yum! If our meal hadn't been taken care of, the total would have been about $111. Service throughout our meal was outstanding, I don't think our water glasses were ever less than half full. We left our server a tip that was probably more than most would have left, but he was great & it wasn't his fault our meal tickets were misplaced. I can't wait to return with my Groupon for another amazing meal, well done Noca!
5	Had a good dinner here at the chef's table a few weeks ago. Everything was really flavorful and robust. Talked to the chef partner/owner - he introduced me to their salted butter popcorn gelato - quite different and tasty. Another excellent recommendation from the concierge at Marriott Buttes. I'll be going back to Noca again when in AZ.
2	My husband and I were pretty excited for our after-valentines day date. We were pretty surprised at how small it was and that it was next to a Cost Cutters or Great-Clips... Cant' remember which one and also Safeway... but we thought, hey, maybe it's one of those hidden treasures. The water/runner guy was very efficient when it came to making sure our water glass was full and he also folded my napkin while I went to the bathroom (creepy). Our server was pretty nice, not too impressionable, but nice. She changed out my drink for me no problem. I ordered a "Funkin Twisted", the texture was too much like Egg Nog for me. My husband ordered a steak dish and I ordered lobster linguine. Half way through I had to switch dished with my husband. His looked beautiful and tasted beautiful. Mine however.... It arrived in what looked like a white dog dish/ flying saucer. The portion was small and the two little bits of lobster were borderline insulting. Yes, the pasta had a nice, fresh texture, but that was all that dish had going for it. It tasted like pasta and tomato sauce with copious amounts of white and black pepper... I felt completely ripped off. If I wiped my ass with 20's, maybe I wouldn't have been so disappointed paying $22 for such a ridiculous dish. Overall, I liked the two light fixtures, the faucet in the bathroom and the glass water bottles that sat at the table. I loved that they give you cotton candy at the end,  I've never seen that done before and I think that is truly unique. Would I ever recommend Noca to anyone? No, but I would tell them about the cotton candy, that is it.
1	I dine out at many fine dining restaurants in the Valley and I have to say I had one of the WORST experiences dining at Noca. Only 1 of 4 courses made it to our table in 2.5 hours! The kitchen & serving staff were slow and unapologetic. Save your time and money and head anywhere but here.
2	I was really excited to try Noca after hearing so many good things about it. I bought the groupon for it as it was the only way I could afford this place and wanted to go for a late V day dinner with the BF. So we got there and, as others have said, it's in a strip mall, but it looks nice enough inside. We were seated and got the big bottle of water. They brought out an amuse bouche to start which was a blue cheese, apple, and nut... thing (hard to describe) and it was good despite neither of us being blue cheese fans. So I ordered the clam chowda soup to start and it was not so great. It didn't taste like any clam chowder I've ever had. It just kind of tasted like paprika.. and the potatoes were all thin and looked cute in the bottom of the bowl, but had no flavor as they would have had if they were cooked in the chowder. After the soup they brought a little taste of a parsnip soup. This was the best thing we had all night.... mmmm. For mains I ordered the hangar steak with carrots, broccolini, polenta, and some kind of wine reduction and the BF ordered a pork chop with rice, greens, and celery root puree. My food was good, the steak had good seasoning and the polenta was really good (when often it isn't that good). The broccolini tasted kind of weird though... like it was a little burnt. The bfs on the other hand was not so good. The pork chop tasted good at the beginning, but as he got closer to the bone it was basically raw. Like mushy and pink... not gonna eat that. Also the rice tasted dirty and weird. The puree was really good though. So then they brought out the cotton candy which was fine, but not necessary. For dessert we ordered sticky toffee pudding at the waiter's recommendation, and it was good. Very different than most desserts, so we appreciated that. So overall the service was really good, creepily good, our water was always full, but the food just didn't impress, especially for the price. The BF picked up Filibertos on the way home... ha.
4	A few things one should expect when coming NOCA:-you will never be thirsty, waterboy is there stalking empty glasses like a hawk-the pasta is not at all impressive-cotton candy is complimentary and served at the end of the meal-this is "casual fine dining" = large rimmed, heavy expensive ass plates with dallop of *insert food here*-great venue for a date-menu changes NIGHTLYDim lighting,  small cozy atmosphere, but not excessively loud either. Reminds me of a sophisticated restaurant in a place like NY city. While the food will come in sample size portions, the flavor is packing. They had this braised pork with some kind of cheese that was just.... I mean, who wudda thought that'd be like dynomite in your mouth? However. Stay away from pasta. You can get that anywhere.  Whatever you don't do, make sure you DO get the salted butter gelato. O. M. F. G.
4	I went to the Noca Sunday Supper, such a fun event! The service is great, my water glass was constantly filled. The staff is like a well oiled machine over there!Sunday Supper is a 3 course pre-fix, but they bring by an amuse bouche to start, their signature cotton candy with dessert, and some cookies to go! So in all, it's a pretty good deal. The meal as a whole was 5 stars, but my main course of scallops was 3 stars. It was 3 big scallops, but they were paired with some lemon risotto and curry sauce. The flavor profile just didn't work.  I think it's hit or miss, because the prime rib entree was good.
1	I am well aware that we are in Phoenix, and that practically everything is in a strip mall...but NOCA is not deserving of all it's hype or it's high prices when they are nestled in between a Safeway and a Great Clips. I have heard so much about NOCA and I was really disappointed. This place is way too cramped. I was rubbing elbows with the table to my left annnnd right. Can a girl get some breathing room? The service was really great. I always ask the silliest questions when I don't recognize words on menus and they were very helpful. Unfortunately this was the best part about NOCA. I ordered the spinach linguine. I love pasta and was expecting the "freshest" past ever...as promised by our waiter. The pasta was nothing special and the seafood in it was terrible. I've had better scallops at a sample stand at costco and the halibut was very, very, very, dry. What's with the cotton candy? Yes, I love cotton candy. Howvever, it made me think of eating at Rawhide. They too bring cotton candy before dessert. They also send you home with a cowboy hat. The only difference is that Rawhide can cook a better $15 dollar whatever steak than the $27 hanger steak at NOCA. Take your money elsewhere.
5	sunday after a long drive back to Phoenix what better than SUNDAY SUPPER at NOCAGet the set menu....they have amuse bouche you must never pass over and their desert of course the cotton candy.Great atmosphere....great service (never had to ask for anything!!!)... great everything... The best part was the Groupon. I am not a PHX native and when I saw the groupon, I thought to try it..... I don't know if I would have found NOCA this go around without the groupon....
1	I've been to NOCA several times before last night and always had a great experience. But last night was just downright bad. I'm debating whether I will return or not. The evening started with our waiter telling us his name and that he was really stressed out because he was handling 15 tables and he was overwhelmed. OK, good to know. In retrospect it was clearly a warning to get out while I could without spending any more time or money there. Next, the diners at the table next to us (an older couple who looked super benign) started to complain that they had been forgotten and hadn't seen their desert for more than 1/2 hour. Another warning that I ignored. I'll cut to the chase in terms of service: long, long waits between the three courses (we were there for the Sunday Supper). When food did arrive, it was sort of flung angrily in our general direction. I mentioned that I didn't like cotton candy and asked if we could skip it. Our waiter was clearly upset by this and said he would try to stop it, but couldn't guarantee we wouldn't get it. We got it. We didn't touch it. The water and bread guys were terrific (we ate a LOT of bread and drank a LOT of water while cooling our heels between courses), so we left a good tip in hopes that they would see some of it. At the end of the evening, the waiter mentioned something about having a drink as soon as he got off work. Now to the food. Some was great. My husband's steak was cooked perfectly, and my fish was good. The problem was that they had run out of some items (you only get to pick from three set options for Sunday Supper) and had started to substitute items on the plates. So, I got no le puy lentils or carrots, but I did get cauliflower. Dessert was the worst--they ran out of gelato, so they just plunked down two dry profiteroles on a plate with some powdered sugar. The dessert screamed out for the moisture of the gelato or actually for any moisture at all.At the end of the meal, I asked to talk to the owner. I told him that it seemed like they were really off their game that night, that we had eaten there several times before and had loved it, but that we expected a lot more than we got that night. His response? That the restaurant was "market driven." That might explain some of the substitutions, but if you run out of a key component of a dish, like gelato, I assume that you figure something else out. You don't just leave it off the plate and hope for the best.  And the "market" has nothing to do with the incredibly bad service. So we got no apology for the bad evening, just a lame excuse. And every diner at every table around us was complaining similarly to each other--at one point several of us started talking to each other about how bad things were, with many vowing to not return.So, bad service + mediocre meal + lame excuse = disappointing evening. I'd like to say that I will give Noca another shot and just hope that it had one bad evening, but I just don't know.
4	We had to wait for the menus to be printed, which is odd. I know the menu changes daily, but I feel the menus should be printed upon opening! Oh well...the food was amazing! I had the tilefish served on a bed of the best risotto I've ever had. The fish was pan seared, crispy outside...tender inside and full of flavor! My husband had the (handmade) chittara con polpettine. I tried a bite and my mouth exploded with flavor! Soooo tasty!! We shared the organic greens salad(good) and the trio of warm doughnuts for dessert (yum!). We will definitely return!!
1	I had heard very good things about Noca, and was sadly let down.  The food was ok, but very overpriced.  The mussels were tasty, everything else was sub par.  The kicker for the night is we had a question for the manager about our bill and apparently it was a bad day for him and we were practically escorted out of the restaurant.  I dine out several times a week and have never been treated so badly.  Needless to say I will not be heading back to Noca nor recommending to any friends of mine.  What a shame.  I love trying new food in Phoenix and loved the atmosphere, but a bad attitude from management and overpriced food will keep me from coming back.
5	Wow. Just, wow. My meal at NOCA was one of the best that I've ever had. I savored every bite of food. The portion sizes are perfect. And it just tastes so f**king good. I'll split up my descriptions for the meal according to the course. My friend and I shared each of our dishes. (Of course, when you have the opportunity to eat at NOCA, the menu will be almost completely different. It changes everyday.) Amuse: Beet and Potato Puree with hazelnut. (A little sweet, but the hazelnut crunch was a pleasant addition to the flavorful bite.)First course A: Farm Salad - Mixed greens with cucumbers, a soft cheese, pecans and a champagne vinaigrette. I loved the dressing. It was light but had a bounty of flavor.First course B: Roasted Brussels Sprouts. Best Brussels sprouts I've ever eaten. Perfectly cooked, served with a side of sauteed leafy greens and sunchokes. (I wish I could eat sunchokes more often.)Entree A: Rotini pasta. A creamy garlic sauce with sauteed greens, caper berries and an additional vegetable that I wasn't familiar with but was sweeter than everything else. I'm glad the portion size was "small" (a little more than a cup of pasta) - it was so rich, I don't think I would have been able to eat more.Entree B: Tasting of Farm Vegetables. Mini courgettes (zucchini), baby yellow squash (but not...they were shaped like tiny pumpkins), green beans, and roasted onions. And Polenta. This was the best damn polenta I've ever eaten. I would have eaten a bowl of that polenta and paid the same price. No, I'm not exaggerating. It was that good.Pre-desert, post-entree: Green Apple Cotton Candy? Yeah, we had some of that. Not much though - I'm not that much of a CC fan.Dessert: Coconut Sorbet and Passionfruit [something] with some crunchy pastry and meringue chips. I had a mouth orgasm from this dessert. I don't have a sweet tooth (I prefer savory) and yet it was so, so rich and so, SO GOOD. Wowza.The service was really great - our waitress was happy to answer any of our questions, and she was always available when we needed her. Yeah, this was a pricey meal. My friend and I would have never come here without our Groupon. Which is sad, but we're both teachers; we can't afford $100+ meals. Yet, we debated when we could come back for the Sunday Simple Meal. (I can't wait.)
3	We have been here several times for Sunday Supper, but went last Friday night with another couple.  The food was good, not great, but good.   I think it is overpriced.  it was so loud we had to scream at each other.   The worst was when we got home my husband mentioned how much it was and I have to assume we got charged for wine that we didn't have as the bill was about $60. more than it should have been.   I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and assume it was an error, but will not go back for anything other than Sunday Supper and will carefully check the bill.
2	I have eaten here several times.  The food is typically good-very good.  But the service continues to be weak.  The support staff is excellent, waters were always full, bread plate replenished frequently, dirty plates removed quickly.  But our captain was just to busy to be bothered, nor was he particularly friendly.  Dinner here is going to be a 2 to 2 1/2 hour event.  I don't know why. I just don't like to be ignored!
5	Top Five for Phoenix! Serious food with a restaurant team that doesn't take themselves too seriously. Fish dishes are always fresh and full of flavor. Soups always are amazing. And deserts always surprise. You can't go wrong with anything at Noca.
2	After posting my review, I received a response from the owner that included a copy of my receipt showing that he had credited me $10 for the dessert issue mentioned in my review.  He ended with this sentence, which seems to indicate that I shouldn't give his restaurant another try:  "Thank you for your past patronage and I wish you the best in your future dining experiences elsewhere."  An odd response, particularly when it appears that I am not an outlier in terms of my service experience.
2	One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix just so happened to have a great Groupon deal, so other than wanting to go, I could now go and save some $s too. After a long week of work, more specifically a 13 hour day, I had high expectations. It wasn't a terrible dinner but to me, loving my cocktail more than both entrees is a bit of a letdown. Maybe its my fault for wanting to try things on the menu I wouldn't normally try? Regardless, a meal that would have cost us $125 without the groupon, is a meal that I expect to be wowed by. Crab and avocado foam salad- it was like a fancy seafood salad. Something about the texture just wasn't doing it for me. It reminded me of something you would buy at the deli counter at Fry's. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't worth $15 either. The wild striped bass was actually delicious- on top of yummy, cheesy rissotto. The bass was crisped on the edges but great flavor. I do think it was a tad over cooked but completely bearable. But the sides... Normally I'm a big fan of broccolini but this broccolini was terrible. Bitter to the point of being inedible. And there were 4 sad strips of skinny green beans that did absolutely nothing for the dish. The house-made linguine... The pasta alone with some butter would have been a better dish than the sherry vinegar sauce it came in. I get the idea of the dish, some people like sour noodles, and might get off from the pretentiousness of it. I guess it just wasn't for me. The star of the evening: noca Royale $14Schramsberg "Blanc de Blancs" Seasonal Fruit, St. Germain LiqueurThe best cocktail I have ever had. I'm always a fan of bevy's with St. Germain Elderflower Liquer- it always adds such a great flavor to drinks. But this drink... Oh man. The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree. I would go back to Noca and just throw back a couple of these and munch on the cotton candy and chocolate chip short bread they give you, for free, at the end.
5	I love this joint, and I wish I went more often.  Unfortunately, there are more places to eat in this town than I have meals in my budget, so sometimes I opt for a new place, rather than a good standby.  The chefs make great food, the decor is comfortable, and I don't mind that it is in a strip mall.  Welcome to the United States of Generica.  In Phoenix, there are great restaurants in strip malls.  The fish, meats, and pastas are great.  My wife still raves about the deconstructed passion fruit cheesecake she had there a couple of years ago.  When a restaurant "deconstructs" something, it usually can only be great, or awful.  These guys seem to get it right when they are making those "updates" on old classics.Since it is fancy, people should know their patio isn't.  It isn't a bad patio, but it is facing the parking lot of a Safeway.  While I don't care about it, I have friends that do, and they complained about it to me in the past.  They made reservations for the patio (knowing full well that the patio is facing the parking lot), then complain because they don't want to watch people loading groceries into their minivans.  Then, they have the audacity to say they didn't get good service because they asked for a table inside (at 7 pm on a Friday night) after reserving an outside table!  Well, at 7 pm on Friday, this place is packed (for good reason).  Don't blame the restaurant...blame your terrible choices.
2	I did hear lots of goods things about Noca especially if you want to go and have fish.  But after my Sunday experience I would not recommend Noca at all, especially not on Sunday when they do have their Sunday Supper, where you can only choose from 2-3 dishes and they charge you flat $35. For their defense, they do give you three corse meal, but when I go out I would like to eat what I want and not what you decide to serve me.  You do have an option to upgrade to something better but thats additional $10-$20.  Now do you get good quality and good food for that much money?  Yes, you do and at the same time you don't.  It is about quality of food and experience and not how many plates can you throw in front of me. One of the choices was fry chicken with mash-potato (yes that is on the list), I think you can go to KFC and get better chicken and potato. I did have fish and I must say It was great but when you sum everything up it's not worth it at all. Place is small, looks modern, low light, but due to their service it looks more like fancy burger joint than upscale or romantic place.  At the end of the night I did have some questions about my bill but manager (Elliot) was not helpful at all; and no I was not asking for free stuff.  I did manage restaurant for several years and as manager you should be about customer service because when someone is coming to your place for first time (as he was told) make that extra step and have a customer who is going to come back, especially today when restaurants are disappearing overnight.   I may have given them different review if went there on a different day than Sunday and had better customer service but overall it's not worth your time or money.  Its sad, fish was very good :(.________________________________________Responding to the Restaurant: Actually when I did make reservation I did ask if I could use my Groupon on Sunday and I was told I could.  So that is the reason I did decided to come to the restaurant on Sunday and not any other day.    People do not go out with the plan to ask for something to be waived or anything like that, especially if they are aware it's stated otherwise.  When I gave my Groupon to the server I was told I could not use it, I did not ask for the manager or for server to take anything of my bill.  I guess server did call for the manager and once manager did show up it stated I can't use it, which I was aware at that time.  Again I was not complaining about my bill, my question was about service, I was told I could use my Groupon on Sunday which was mistake of the restaurant. Its restaurant customer service 101.
4	Excellent food and experience.  Anyone who disses this place either hasn't set his or her expectations properly or couldn't handle the slightly higher prices.   The service is excellent and the food isn't just creative, it's delicious.I took my family on a Sunday night for the Fried Chicken dinner.   There was also a fish option listed online and I was temporarily disappointed when I got there and was told that it was scallops, since I can't eat shellfish.  But they also had a fish option so all was well.  We were prepared for the 3 course $25 meal and enjoyed every one.  And I  STRONGLY encourage you to pay the extra $10 for the burrata course.  It was melt in your mouth, crazy good.  The fish and chicken were tasty and the dessert was terrific.  They provide a special bonus dessert and even send you home with a little pre-packaged dessert as well.  Portion sizes aren't too big which is nice so you don't walk out feeling bloated.If you go on a Sunday night make sure you know going in that it's a pre-fixe $35 meal and you won't be disappointed.
5	Went for the first time last night and loved it. I'm tired of being disappointed by restaurants that have lots of hype but are so-so. When Groupon had its deal I decided to try it out. I was not disappointed.We started with the burrata - perfect quantity and balance. No sign of the big glop most people call hearty portions, but I just call not trying. This was a nice portion paired and served well. I had the squid ink linguine with seafood - something that most places cannot get right. This was delicious. Perfectly balanced, not a hint of "fishy" tang that even some good places here get. The amuse bouche was yummy and the cotton candy was pure nostalgic fun. The take away sweet was just delightful. This place lives up to the hype. Excellent flavors, balance, portion sizes, prices and variety. Obviously the owner is also a fan of good restaurants. The decor is modern and inviting. The staff is friendly, professional and understands that I'm here for a night out, not a night to get your approval as a cool person. The music is good and at the right volume. My wish for NOCA is that is that it stays consistently great and keeps pushing the envelope for Phoenix dining.(PS- for those who don't know about the Groupon coupon - it very clearly states not good for Sunday Suppers. The customer is not always right. $35 for a prix fixe meal, uh that is a special already, you shouldn't use a coupon for it))
4	I can't say anything bad about the food I ate at NOCA. My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary dinner, and splurged on the tasting menu with the wine pairings. Man that is the way to eat! Everything was tasty, but I thought the portions were just a tad too big. (When you are eating 5 courses you don't need a full sized salad.) Small complaint, for sure!Although everything was good, my boyfriend and I agreed that there was nothing that really stuck out about NOCA...good experience, but no real reason to go back, given the many alternative options in our part of town. Nothing really stuck out...until the green apple cotton candy arrived! It was such a great, whimsical surprise to be handed a bowl full of cotton candy. It was also a nice palate cleanser! The tasting menu included desserts, which were fabulous. The trio of donuts was perfect - not too sweet. All in all, I'm not sure we will go back often, because the price is a bit prohibitive, and there are other restaurants that we prefer, but I did enjoy the meal. Food was tasty, service was fine, the only potential problem would be the noise. The room is a big rectangle, and although they made excellent use of the space, there are a lot of tables in the small room. We went on a Tuesday night, and it was hard to hear our server. On weekends the noise could get overwhelming.
2	We've eaten here twice, and while we enjoyed our meals, we will not go back.  The service was slow both times, and during our second experience it took two and a half hours from the time we sat down until we left -- and  they neglected to give us their complementary signature cotton candy, which we decided against mentioning for fear that would add thirty minutes to our detainment.Similar experiences were reported by friends who had the kitchen under then overcook some fish.  An apology pasta dish to tide the diner over made it's way onto the bill.  While I really want to help keep our independent restaurateurs in business, I'd rather spend my money at Tuck Shop than here.
5	I went to dinner there the other night and sat a chef's counter. The ambiance was great and the music was just the right touch. My girl and I had several courses. To start, we had the mussels in white wine, garlic and chorizo.TOTALLY AWESOME! The beet salad with lemon cream fraiche and fruit segments were just delightful. We split a mid course Rotini pasta with Berkshire pork sausage and a San Marzano tomato sauce. The pastas are made daily and you can tell. The rotini was perfectly al dente. For our entree we opted for a pork porterhouse, that was mouth watering. The beans and melted leeks with a pickled radish salad were a nice addition to the the dish. It gave a great balance of salty and acidity. Since we went this far we had dessert. It was a warm stick toffee pudding cake with Greek yogurt gelato and lime zest. If you have never had this dessert there, its a must have! Overall, the prices were great the service perfect. The wine list exceptional... what else can I say... Just FANTASTIC!
5	My wife and I loved everything about our experience at NOCA. I want to congratulate the culinary team on showcasing high quality ingredients , crafted in a delicate, thoughtful way.The amuse-bouche, cotton candy and parting treat round out an amazing tasting menu.  The passion shows.  Keep up the good work, keep pushing the envelope and be proud.  We will be back.  Hopefully soon.
5	I have dined at Noca a number of times and have always been thrilled by the experiences. I thoroughly enjoy the ever changing menu and the creativity from the culinary department and Eliot does an outstanding job with the wine list.I'm not about to walk you through each dish and my review, just be adventurous. Try everything and be sure to save room for dessert. By the way, Noca is in a strip mall. Who knew that a chef can be just as talented in a freestanding restaurant as he can in the corner of a strip mall.
3	Went here with a party of 4 on Friday night.  It was pretty busy but we had a reservation and were seated promptly.This place serves fresh, quality food that is presented nicely and most menu items are pretty unique.  I tried a few different dishes and they were all pretty good.  However, I'm not going to say everything was phenomenal like some of the reviews on here because it wasn't.   The food is probably to hoity toity for me.  I did like my Dirty Bird Martini and the polenta though.  They were excellent.  I really really wanted the  wagyu pastrami but they only have that on certain days.  Total bummer.Pro Tip #1 = When you make a reservation online and are asked to enter a reason why you are dining here, just leave it blank.  We put that we were celebrating a college graduation and of course they didn't do anything special or even mention it.Pro Tip #2 = If you buy a Groupon or something like it for this place, don't give it to them until the end.  I'm pretty certain that they treat you differently because of it.  We had friendly but horrible service the entire time.  Our waitress was very attentive to every other table and every other table that arrived after us got their food before us.  Aside from waiting over an hour for our entree, our waitress ignored our table in 30 minute blocks the entire night.  However, when she did check on us she was very friendly.
2	First off, the food was excellent, but I can't rate any higher for this visit as it took over 3 hours from when we sat to when the last diner got their check. We had 8 attentive people Sunday evening waiting to sample their Restaurant Week menu. The offerings were superb and everyone found something to like. However, the time between courses ran sometimes 20-30 minutes. During the first course, everyone received their plate of hot food (some salads) except for one. It took way to long to reserve. Then came time for the check. SInce their were eight of us we asked what would be the easiest for her and she said individually. That's always perferred since people have more alcohol than others, etc., but it turned into a nightmare. From that moment until the first person got their check was almost an hour. Seriously, our waitress was not prepared or at a level of sophistication a restaurant like that should employ. I'll go back someday, but I will not sit at her station.
5	After reading stellar reviews by my friends Marcus D and Gabi M. I was anxious to check out NOCA. The problem was, it was too popular, and realized the extreme need to make reservations. So, for my birthday as a surprise, my boyfriend made us a reservation for NOCA.It has taken me a month to write this review, and to sum it up in one, maybe two words "Wow" and "Memorable". I still can't stop talking about it, and regret that I had not yet ben there before. The walls were lined with prints by one of my favorite Phoenix Artists: The menu is constantly changing, so do not worry if a previously suggested dish is no longer offered.As a note to management- the pasta with the Duck egg: Magnifique! Please keep around for a while longer!Forever yours- Meghan
4	This place is definitely a special treat, and was a splurge even with the restaurant week menu.  Of course with the supplements and a bottle of wine, it adds up fast.My salad was delicious and light and flavorful.  The rotini with lobster was yummy, but too much pasta.  I ate all the lobster out of it though :P  And the strawberries and cream was amazing and we all wanted lick the plate clean.  So good!Definitely a place to remember when we're looking for an amazing dinner out and are prepared to splurge.
5	Shame on me for not dining here sooner. NOCA is absolutely perfect in every way possible. I can't even begin to explain how ridiculously delicious the food is here. You just have to experience it for yourself. My friend and I each each had several courses for dinner. Naturally, we shared each one to sample as many things as possible. The pork belly confit was divine. The mussels steamed in in white wine, garlic, and chorizo were titillating (make sure you have extra bread to sop up that amazing broth). As for the main course and dessert, I won't go into details, but both were simply stunning in flavor and presentation.  Super fresh ingredients. Inventive menu. Impeccable service (except the fact that they lost my reservation... thank goodness they had a table for two available!), and not the very least pretentious. Book a table at NOCA and bring on the foodgasm.
4	I took my hubby here for his 50th birthday after purchasing a Groupon for it. I was a bit disappointed as I drove up to the Safeway shopping strip and  saw the restaurant there. However, when we arrived, the staff greeted us promptly and with smiles. We were seated immedatley. As soon as my butt hit the seat, the busboy was pouring me a tall glass of ice water. YAY! I am a big water drinker and living in Arizona, I am always parched! I hate to have to ask and wait for a water!  My biggest pet peeve is having to beg for tap water from restaurant servers...especially in pricey restaurants! SO, THANK YOU!The server immediately came over smiling and told us about the restaurant and specials. Bread was offered by another staff member. Our order was taken promptly. We ordered Tuna appetizer & a wine split. Hubby ordered Tilefish and I ordered Lambchops.The wine was delish as was the tuna sashimi. After our appetizer, they brought us an espresso cup willed with the richest, most buttery creamed cauliflower soup I had tasted. We were both delighted ! When the meal came, it was the perfect portion....not too small and not overloaded. The food was very nice.At the end of our meal, they brought us each a homemade chocolate chip shortbread that was cellophane wrapped like a gift!As we exited the restaurant, the host & hostess at the front door actually opened the doors and held them for us.EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!! ****BEST IN PHOENIX!!As I was leaving, I said to my husband, "Everything was great, but none of the food I ate tonight would I ever crave and want to rush back for!".......Nothing really made my taste buds dance....:-(
5	Why update a review if the star rating can't get better?  Cuz I still can't get over the wagyu corned beef....
5	My new favorite restaurant?Beautiful simple setting.  Busy, crowded, fast moving.  Great date night or special occasion restaurant.My wife had the 4 course tasting menu for $50 (appetizer, small pasta plate, main course, desert), with the $20 wine pairings for each.  With the little surprise tastes that everyone may get, who knows, it turned into a 6 course meal.  Healthy portions, very tasty.  The wine was nicely matched and excellent value.I nibbled on her courses and just had the filet for $30.  Filet was very good (not spectacular, but if you want that you have to go to the best prime steakhouses), but what made the meal amazing was the mushroom risotto it sat over.  I love risotto, and it was the very best I've ever had.  I would go back and just order a big blowl/plate of that if I could! It was a very special meal.  Excellent service.  We had reservations and still had to wait 35 min for a table, because they were genuinely that busy.  But what was nice is that the manager just came over, without a word from us or even a look, and had the bartender make two of her best signature drinks on him.  What a nice touch!  How many managers of nice, busy restaurants would do that.  Make a terrific meal even better to be treated that way.$110 tab before tip... worth ever penny!
5	I've been here a number of times and have had consistent quality and service every time.  With the countless restaurants I eat at for my work this and Curious Kumquat (Silver City, NM) are the top two...and I eat at the best of the best.  Really wonderfully prepared food.  If you're picky just stay away, but if you want quality ingredients prepared will and in interesting ways, get over here.  And Eliott has always been such a gracious host to me - I normally dine alone and he knows how to make me feel welcome but not awkward.  As for the cotton candy...I could do without that shtick.
5	I made my reservation so I could use my groupon before moving out of town... not realizing it was the middle of restaurant week.  This was a minor issue, and will just force a return visit to this fabulous spot (oh darn).  I was a little concerned that restaurant week might not be as stellar as expected, but I honestly can't imagine this meal getting any better.We started with parsnip soup and polenta.  The parsnip soup had a delicious onion undertone, and was quickly slurped up.  The polenta was eaten VERY slowly... so we wouldn't miss a tiny second of savoring the amazingness.  It was THAT good.  The simple topping of crispy capicola and olives, drizzed with olive oil was pure genius.  If it had been an option, I would have forgone the rest of my meal in trade for a large vat of this polenta.   We had the vegetable risotto and salmon with farro next.  The salmon was perfectly done and I really enjoyed the bacon and braised kale that graced the farro.  Our server brought us the standard bowl of cotton candy, which I feel is unnecessarily large.  I mean, I like cotton candy as much as the next person... but about 1/3 of the portion would probably suffice and make the same fun, whimsical statement.  The desserts were next, and were superb.  The brightness of the passion fruit was an amazing ending to an incredible meal.  Our service was impeccable, and I loved the touch of being sent off with a little piece of chocolate-chip shortbread.  Though, sadly, I put the bag in my purse and forgot about it for 2 weeks... I'm not sure if it was any good or not, but the thought was appreciated! This is definitely on my must-recommend list, and I hope I am able to visit again soon.
4	Very nice restaurant with a very unassuming front. The food was good but wasn't really "wow"  as it seems to be for many others.  My fiancee really loved her drink.  The ambiance was great though.
5	Super yummy! My mom and I went to Noca during restaurant week, this gave us the opportunity to try an appetizer, entree and dessert - and of course share our choices with each other. Everything was amazing! I had the mussels and loved that. Dessert was the best, I've got a big suite tooth - and I had ordered some passionfruit coconut thing and my mom had the strawberry something or other. Names escape me - but the taste and textures were incredibly memorable! And of course I was excited to have gotten a big fluffy ball of blue raspberry cotton candy!They were quite busy but the staff was incredibly cordial and attentive. We were promptly greeted with the door opened to us, seated immediately (we had a reservation). The space is intimate and a touch raucous but the atmosphere was fun, and made you feel like you were in a "real" city. Love and definitely recommend this restaurant - can't wait to go again!
2	noca went from being one of my top 5 restaurants in AZ to having a 1 and 5 chance of my ever returning or recommending. After making sure to mention on the Open Table reservation my special request for gluten free dining as well as a clear, understandable conversation tableside with my server prior to ordering, it was obvious that the front of the house lacks knowledge about what a gluten free diet entails.  The back of the house also has a lack of creativity about keeping the spirit and integrity of their dish when accommodating a gluten free request.  The communication between the two is noticeably weak.  Who would have thought that cooking without flour would be so difficult when everything noca prepares is made to order?   Is frying an egg without crusting it that challenging?  Missing this simple awareness makes those with a gluten intolerance feel as if his or her dining experience is not as important as those without food aversions. Overall, the quality and value have all gone downhill as far as I'm concerned.  There is no attention to detail and appreciation of a well timed, elegant dining experience.  Forced, insensitive and rushed service makes for a very angst-ridden, uneasy evening.
2	Took a friend here for his birthday tonight. The appetizer would have been good had it it been one of the treats you're brought before the meal. It was the clam Po' Boy. Each white bread little bun had two .75 inch clams and some delicious sauce. Our entrees were good; he had the steak, I had the salmon. The most disappointing part of the meal was the dessert. He had the chocolate and mint and I had the strawberry something. Imagine what a 7th grader puts together as a final home Ec project that sits in the fridge for a few days until parents come in for your class presentation. The chocolate was like a choco-jello mix that's been sitting out for too long. My strawberry thing was on a pastry that I simply couldn't cut through with a spoon it was so hard. For special occasions I recommend Christopher's or Vincent's. I took a risk tonight and it didn't pay off.
5	So after reading Laura L's review I was scared to go to NOCA since the executive chef left as her review was so bad.  I still had faith though that a place this caliber wouldn't go downhill that fast with the rest of the cooks still there.  I had the chef tasting menu and it was up there with the top meals I have ever had and the experience was amazing.  Palate cleanser:  Toasted nuts, raspberries, cheese and balsamic reductionAppetizer: (upgraded)Lobster roll - So amazing I will be back on a Wednesday just to eat this againSecondi:Hand Cut Pasta with brown butter and FennelEntree:Veal Scallopini-  This was perfectly cooked and the presentation was amazingDessert:Cotton CandyPassion Fruit and CoconutI also paired the meal with the wine accompanies which all were great except the dessert wine didn't really pair with the dessert I got but after I finished it and had a few minutes it went down well but just didn't go with the food.  Other than that I have nothing bad to say about this amazing experience.  I heard many people getting substitutes for things they didn't want and there were no issues.  I think this place is still as good as everyone reviewed and I wouldn't avoid it.  They are searching nationally for a new executive chef and I think that will change things but for now it's still an amazing place and I can't wait to go back.
4	They will take care of you.This is a dinning experience, more than it's about the actual food.  After you get over the kind of strange location - they're inside a grocery store strip mall - you kind of get taken away by the extras.  First was the amuse bouche, then the shot of cold soup, the cotton candy and then a take-home treat.I'm not a fancy eater...just look at all of my past reviews as evidence, but I do like to getting served and served well.  Our waiter talked with us and made sure we were ordering something that we would enjoy.  He was incredibly detailed when explaining the menu.  And he let us know what he would be ordering if given the chance.SO WHY NOT FIVE STARS: The un-pretty location, a bit pricey, totally cramped seating and long wait time.A great experience that I would think about repeating.
5	Went on a girl date here the other day...lolLove the cotton candy and the wine list was to die for...
4	My most recent trip to NOCA was probably my fifth or sixth time being there. You don't have talk restaurants or check Yelp reviews long in the Phoenix area to understand one simple fact: You are supposed to really like NOCA. When I go, I sometimes leave wondering whether I really liked it, or liked it because... Well... You have to, right? This trip was supposed to clear the bad taste in my mouth from the last time we were here a couple of months ago. That trip, we waited pretty close to an hour between apps and entrees. I'm all for a nice break between courses, but it was a little ridiculous. Good news is, nothing takes the bad taste out like the corned beef appetizer at NOCA. The dish is awesome and the portion size borders on too big (borders, but doesn't cross into). My steak entree was good, though nothing to write home about (polenta was probably the best part). My wife's scallops were the winner in the entree department, perfectly cooked though a little bit salty. Desserts here are a little hit and miss, but they have great coffee. NOCA does one thing better than any place I've been to in recent memory. They have the best vegetables I've ever had. If I made a list of the top 5 things I have eaten, on that list would be a small top of a beet that I ate at here last year picking it off my wife's plate. I can't describe it, and it sounds weird, but trust me. I always swear I will get the vegetable tasting when I come here and for the life of me can't understand why I didn't. One more thing they do better than anyone else: music. It is like a playlist of music from the last 20 years which falls into that difficult to define category of not too mainstream and not so cool that nobody heard it except that one guy down the hall in your dorm who always lamented not being able to drink absinthe here in "The States." I'll wrap this up. The service here is prompt and pleasant. The cotton candy and take home treat are a cool/nice touch. If you haven't been, give it a try. That said, I don't what it is, but I'm never really stoked when I leave, despite the fact that I know I'm supposed to be.
3	Love the fresh food here and the changing menu! We also loved the complimentary amuse bouche, cotton candy, and take home treat. The music and atmosphere was wonderful.Our absolute favorite was the cold corn chowder soup - to die for! We also very much enjoyed the delicious doughnut dessert.For dinner, I ordered a scallop dish. The scallops were cooked absolutely perfectly. They were a bit salty. The rest of the dish was very interesting, although I am not sure if I can say that I loved it. It was good though, and it was presented beautifully. My boyfriend ordered the pasta dish with egg noodles. He enjoyed it - I just thought it was so-so.Very nice wait staff as well!
3	There was so much potential to be a 5-star review.  I wanted so badly to give it a 5-star review; but, as you can see, only 3 stars.  So many friends raved for the longest time about how amazing the food was and how I had to go.  I finally went.  Love the decor.  It's a small space, but feels large.  The staff were all super friendly and helpful.  The wine selection is phenomenal and we shared a delicious, decently priced bottle.  We decided on what we wanted to order only to find out they were all out.  What are the chances of that?  They were actually out of those two items and two others.  That doesn't leave many options because the menu has about 10 choices.  That's where they lost the first star.  So we ordered the calamari to start and tried to decide what to get as our entrees since our first choices were out.  We were given this delicious little amuse bouche to start.  It definitely did it's duty to excite us for the rest of the meal.  Yum yum yum.  After that, we figured we couldn't go wrong with any of the other menu choices so picked a couple out.The calamari arrived and it was melt in your mouth good.  I've mentioned before that I'm not normally a seafood fan, but I'm definitely a fan of those little fried squid.  We then were given a delicious palate cleansing cold soup that was so good as well.  At this point, we were so excited for the main dishes.They came.  My friend ordered the steak.  I tried it and it was ok.  Pretty boring compared to what we had up to that point.  The potatoes were awesome, though.  I ordered the pork porterhouse.  I could only eat the tender side, which wasn't really tender, because the rest of it was so overcooked I couldn't cut into it.  There's where the other star disappears.  I tried very hard to as well and my knife just stayed there like the sword in the stone.  They did apologize for it and took it off the bill.  We had the cotton candy and the wonderful little strawberry ice cream sandwich for dessert.  A nice finish to our dinner. All in all, it was a wonderful evening with wonderful food except for the main courses.  They are referred to as "main" for a reason and that's where the loss of stars comes in.  Since everything else was top-notch, I do plan to give them another chance.  Most likely on a Sunday where there's only one choice on the menu and will be less likely to run out or over-cook.
4	We were seated and waited on promptly. I had the Squid Ink linguine and mussels and my wife had the atlantic skate. My entree was good, hers was REALLY good. We sat at the pass and saw every entree as it was leaving and everything looked delicious. Our server was Chantelle (sp?) and was quick and polite. The hamachi appetizer was nice and buttery too. I want to get back and try the veal porterhouse because it looked amazing. NOTE: I liked sitting at the kitchen line but it did get a little warm. I think I'll opt for general dining room seating next time.
4	Nice wine list, different atmosphere than most places in Phoenix, if you are uncomfortable sitting close to other tables skip this place. It is a splurge, and you will find little surprises on the menu as it changes with the seasons.  Tonight's surprise a fantastic burrata cheese with golden beets, ummm yum.  Last time, my adult beverage had an amazing ice ball yes an ice ball.  When your looking for something different visit Noca.
5	We had a fabulous experience at NOCA! We were promptly seated, service was extremely attentive, and the food was melt-in-your mouth fantastic, if I could give it three thumbs up, I would! ;-) My husband had Prime Hangar Steak and I had Salmon--the textures and flavors were exquisite and we enjoyed every bite of both. I am a dessert junkie and loved the addition of cotton candy as a "pre" dessert--it was delicious and fun. We got the homemade donuts with dipping sauces for dessert--yum, yum. Highly recommended!Can't wait to go there again! Enjoy! :-)
5	WOW!  I had a Groupon that was  expiring, so my husband and I went last night.  I had heard great things about it, but great really doesn't even begin to describe the emotions that I went through last night!Love the atmosphere, really love the cool chandeliers, benches, menus, all of it really.  I tried the Death's Door cocktail (I am a vodka drinker), loved it....and it was gin!  Then on to the tasting menu...I frankly adore tasting menus because of the small portions and you could to try the best of the best.  Amuse was a little green bean salad (wanted more), chilled corn soup (OMG, smooth, vibrant), carbonara (my idea of the perfect pasta dish...fresh pasta, fresh tomato sauce, basil, cheese)...I could eat this everyday!  Then the scallops came.....perfectly charred, delightfully sweet, done perfectly!  I don't think I have ever had a scallop done that well before!Let the whimsy begin!  After the incredible courses we had already experienced, then came the cotton candy!  What a fun way to remember your childhood,  oh did I mention the doughnuts!  Not only where they piping hot, but came with 3 delish dipping sauces!What else can I say...we love love loved it!  The food was spot on as well as the service!  This is a definite repeat performance!Thanks Noca!!!!!
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Phoenix. This is where we go to celebrate and to enjoy a night out with amazing food and great service. Noca is an experience. I wouldn't recommend trying to quickly hit up a meal here before trying to catch a movie. I can't imagine trying to rush the experience!On our most recent visit I immediately ordered my favorite cocktail- the Dirty Bird. It's so perfectly crafted and smooth...plus there are bleu cheese stuffed olives. Sold! I felt a little bad because my fiance wanted to celebrate our new jobby-jobs with prosecco... my bad. Lay off me when there's bleu cheese stuffed olives and vodka involved mister!First up was the mixed salad. I love how it's not overloaded with cheese and candied fruit. It's the perfect balance of flavors. We then had the lobster roll and it was absolutely heavenly. I really hated to share that but I needed to save room for the scallops. The scallops were so perfectly cooked and the plating was gorgeous. The flavors were outstanding- absolutely sublime. Ryan actually asked me if I remembered his name. I just smiled.
2	the food was well prepared.  definitely good.  however portions are quite small and take a while. saying excellent would be pushing it. the reason for 2 stars -- service and ambiance. we had a groupon gift and as soon as our waitress knew that, we immediately felt judged.  she expressed an audible sigh when we didn't order wine.  she did take our order but after that, the water guy dealt with us for the rest of the time.   it was beyond clear we weren't worth her time.  we were crammed in a corner, it was very loud.  the waiter for the bar/counter behind us kept hitting me as he served.  he actually even stuck a plate into my hair at one point it was that close of quarters.  after the meal another knocked the water glass off the table it was so claustrophic.  we were not there for sunday supper (which i understand to be even crazier) it was just regular dinner service with half the place empty. the complimentary amuse bouche, cotton candy, and take home treat were very nice.  food was good, but the people and uncomfortableness of it will keep me from coming back.
5	With all of the eateries in the Pheonix/Scottdale area, NOCA by far, stands up above the crowd.  It's a good thing I made reservations (Sunday night dinner) because without it, we may have ended up somewhere less desirable. I had reserved a table for 4 and at the last minute my travel partner invited his son who is a PHX resident.  Oh oh! :( they may not be able to accomodate us I say... Let me call.... NOCA: well, I don't have a table for 5 unless you want to wait about 40 minutes or so.... come in anyway...let me see what can be done....Well, leave it to NOCA who let us squeeze the 5th person to our table; a little tight but hey! sacrifce for a good meal I'd say.The amuse bouche of the day is always a welcomed surprise. We got strawberries, creme fraiche and get this! Peppers! what a great combination and way to start the meal.We had an assortment of main courses. This time, we decided against the pre fixe 4 course and had: Wild King Salmon, seasoned and grilled to perfection sitting on a bed of polenta.  baby veggies colored the plate.Steak: perfectly grilled and seasoned with fingerling potatoVeal Chop: MY FAVORITE for the night; also grilled to perfection with some mustard greens.Yes, the cotton candy... but we tried their pistacio icecream and crackers. They had a guest bartender who could mix anything you could imagine; even if it wasn't on their cocktail menu. Got to hand it to NOCA for such innovation.They were crowed but accomodated us with great service and great food! What more could we possibly ask for?
3	Went here because of a groupon, will probably not go back without one.  Cons:Overpriced, flat out.  Plus, like other reviewers have said, they RUN OUT of a lot of good stuff.  Also, I know this is something small, but as their menu changes, they should update it online.  Had I known the menu would be so different, I would have waited for another week to get a meal I would ACTUALLY want (as opposed to settling).  Also, we had reservations and had to wait 20 minutes.  Not a huge deal, but a personal pet peeve.Pros:  The food was good, but like I said, overpriced.  Since I had a deal, I didn't mind as much.  Atmosphere is nice, and I loved the extras (we got a few small tasting, palate cleansers?).  The cotton candy was fab, and though the strawberry dessert was NOT my first choice, it was truly delicious, and I may go back JUST for that dish!  I love the location, and the staff was incredibly friendly, informative, and courteous.  Knock down the prices and I'd give it at least 4 stars!
3	This place has delicious food but is way over priced. I had a groupon and after a three weeks of dieting I was ready to use it. I called to make reservations late on a Thursday night. I think the reservation was for around 8pm. On our way over I received a call and was told that they no longer had any seafood available...huh? They told me the other items on their menu that were available after I asked and we decided to still go. When they called it seemed as though they almost didn't want us to come in, weird. We got there and the atmosphere was nice but not anything to write home about. There was a guy walking around to all the tables and stopping to chat and seeing how everyone was doing, I'm assuming this was the manger or owner or both. He seriously went to every table several times and never stopped by our. The only thing he said to us was goodbye when we were leaving because he was standing in the doorway as he was walking another customer out. I thought it was very rude that he made sure everyone else was taken care of and never bothered to ask us how our meal or experience was going. They did bring out a lot of little treats before and after the meal like a shot of soup and cotton candy but these treats as lovely as they were did not make up for the over priced food or the rudeness of the owner/manager.
1	If you feel like waiting, receiving poor service, and over paying for food you should try this place! The portions were small, too small. In fact, we actually left there to go eat somewhere else! We had a reservation and still waited 20 minutes to be seated and it was only downhill from there. It took 5 min. before our waiter even came over and greeted us, and it was at least 10 min. before he came back to ask for our drink order. The drinks were ok, but overpriced. When he finally made it back to take our dinner order we were starving. I ordered the pasta and my boyfriend got the steak. Definitely not what either of us expected, especially for the price we were paying. His entree was small and would have left anyone wanting more. While my pasta was slightly more filling, I too was not satisfied. We finished dinner feeling broke and hungry. All those combined = not worth trying. Save your money, time, and appetite. Head next door to delux instead, you'll be much happier you did!
1	The girl at the door was unbelievably rude.The fish was overcooked.  Really bad.  And we specifically asked before ordering, because not all places do fish well - and were told it was the best.  Nope.  The soup was ehh, and the cotton candy was fine.I can't remember giving another restaurant a one-star review.  But I really will never return and I tell everyone who asks not to go there.  Oh, and it's incredibly loud.  I assume they play the music so loud to disguise the conversation of the people sitting far too close to you (do they really need to jam that many tables in?).Horrible.
5	The food really is exceptional. Its like the chefs create these perfect little bites, and they literally are bites, of food that are so interesting to taste.I'd recommend the sampler dinner. I want to say it runs about $40- $50 but its worth it as long as you like what's included.IT IS EXPEN$IVE. BUT the BF and I have been dying to try out this restaurant due to all the rave reviews it has been receiving on Yelp. LUCKILY a Groupon appeared for NOCA and we jumped on the opportunity. Turned out the fab deal was only marginally helpful. Even with the Groupon it was still a $150 dinner (plus the cost of the groupon...).  Granted we did get a bottle wine (but the cheapest we could find), espresso and a french press cafe... It's like you analyze how much everything costs as you're ordering and are still shocked when the bill comes- I hate that.Our reservation wasn't until 8:30pm at night, no big deal. The restaurant was still PACKED! AND people kept coming through the door!It is not a large venue. And the tables are CRAMMED, uber close together. I know that the four-some sitting next to us are going to Isreal next month, right after their family vacation to Minnesota....
1	this plays blows.. the food is decent but the portions are tiny..the main course was smaller than an appetizer at a normal place yet they charge the same if not more. if you choose to eat here, prepare to hit up some mcdonalds or jack in the box after.. or you can just go to deluxe next door and get their chicken panini!
4	Love this place! Located in an unassuming strip mall, the restaurant is simple and modern with a long and narrow dining area. You ate sitting pretty close to your fellow diners, but i didn't mind at all because the service was not lacking at all. We never had to ask for anything, as everything was cleared and set up on our table the way It's supposed to be.  We had the pork belly buratta, which was delicious, but what makes this dish is the baby toast points it comes with. They are crispy, buttery heaven.  The cold corn soup is also very creamy, rich, and bursting with sweet corn flavor. I'm glad we didn't get two, we shared and it was more than enough for both of us.  I got the scallops for my entree and it was good, but I can't say they were the best scallops I've ever had.  You get 5 or 6 of them, but they all differ in size and some of them were cooked a little too long, and to me, it just doesn't look as nice on the plate. Maybe I'm just being critical, but that's me.  The only miss of the night was my fiance's dish. Our server had told us about the special, a prime rib, and he put his order in for it. What he got was a ...and it wasn't med rare like he ordered. The server just mixed his words around and made a mistake. He offered to switch it out for the right temperature, but my s.o. didn't want to wait that long. No biggie, it was rectified, but we did have to speak to the manager to get it taken off our bill, as he didn't even eat half of it. I would think that would be automatic, not just an offering of taking care of our dessert. The dessert was ok. Our fave thing was the giant bowl of cotton candy at the end of the meal. It is so good!
5	Noca well deserves their reputation as one of Phoenix's best restaurants. Their menu is constantly evolving with the season, always providing fresh and delicious menu items that are easy to fall in love with. The wine list is well thought out and full of big players and beautiful boutique-y treasures. The room is intimate and clean, be sure to sit at the counter so you can watch the chef's labors!
2	My fiance and I went to Noca tonight for restaurant week.  We were really excited after reading all of the reviews and seeing the awards that they had won.  As we walked into the restaurant there were about 5 servers just standing there looking at us so that was kind of awkward to walk in to.  We were seated immediately.  It wasn't busy but as the night went on it did get alot busier.  Our service was excellent.  I do have some critiques on the food though.  I had the pork pate.  It was good.  First pate that i have ever had so nothing to compare it to.  My fiance had the tomato salad.  The salad plates should be chilled and dont cover the beautiful tomatoes with a pile of  greens!   Our next course was the Hake fish and the pork tenderloin dish.  The presentation of these dishes looked sloppy.  The pork was cut in these strips and it just looked like a teenager put the plate together.  There were these HUGE turnips on the plate that looked like apples.  EW!  At least slice them thin and fan them on the  plate.  who wants to eat a huge chunk of turnip?!  The food did taste ok. The temperature of the food was off.   Nothing to write home about.  Dessert...  My fiance got the tropical dessert and I got the nutella brownie.  The tropical desert was really good.  The nutella brownie not so much.  The tropical one was great!  I really want to like this place so we may go back again.  Maybe they don't put the best items on the restaurant week menu, which I think they should!
5	wow..restuarant week menu is AWESOME. Great food and great service.
4	We went here for my birthday last night (9-25-11) because they were participating in Restaurant Week.  I had never even heard of the place before last week.  The restaurant is small but quaint. They were offering a sampler menu with 3 courses as part of their RW promotion.  I skipped the butter lettuce salad as I'm not a big veggie person but my boyfriend and parents enjoyed it.  The chilled gazpatcho was a little odd.  I ordered the fried chicken for dinner which was delicious and I got the root beer float for dessert.  All in all it was a great meal and I'd love to come back and visit.
2	the food has lost quality...way over priced...smaller crowdsreflect the growing trend of lost business...small menue...no fowl..this was my last visit
2	Just overpriced and totally pretentious. Not a very nice looking restaurant except for the art which looked wonderful, i think as they were not lit very well. The food, ok, but ah I am hungry and then I was hungry. I got the fish Hake, 24 dollars no side no nothing some oysters under it which I thought tasted weird and sort of slimy after the nice fish.  I wanted a salad but I quess that another 10 dollars plus for some was a bit high. They came around with a tray of salt choices. then they came with a spoon full of green stuff. Go to Lux Cafe  - much nicer, much more friendly, if you are pretentious and loaded and want to waste your money go to Noca. NO ca again.
5	I've been wanting to check back at NOCA since Chef Matt Taylor took over. I'm so glad I did. I had been to NOCA a couple years ago and it definitely made a good impression,but I think the new Chef takes it in a great direction.Some amazing standouts were the Lobsta Po-boy with Duck fat fries, Seared scallop with Pork Belly and truffled parsnips and Crusty delicious Hake, a fish I hadn't previously tried. Light and mild with an incredible golden brown crust on the top and melt-in-your-mouth flakey buttery texture inside.The rest of the courses from the tasting menu were also fantastic and the service was very attentive. I cant wait to go back and experiment with all the interesting special events they have on Sundays and other days.
4	everything was fantastic, save for the prices.
4	This place is expensive, but the food is made to order and of high quality. We went here for the Sunday supper, which is a 3 course meal for $35 per person and I was stuffed. The bread is amazing and the olive oil was very tasty. For the first course, we had a choice of shrimp louis or salad. I went for the salad, because I'm not must of a shrimp fan. I was a little worried about the salad because it had blue cheese, which is a hit or miss for my taste buds, but that was a very tasty salad. They offer supplement dishes for an extra $10, which my finance got and it was worth it! The second course offered a choice of cioppino, southwest burrito, or gnocchi. The clams in the cioppino were perfect and the burritos were tasty...but i do wish they provided more salsa. The last course was dessert, which was a house-made It's-it and its probably the best ice cream sandwich i've had in a restaurant. Overall, I was very happy with the service and Elliot, the owner, is very hospitable and friendly. The atmosphere is a bit dark for me but I understand it's to provide a romantic feel.
5	The people who right to 1 star reviews went to the wrong restaurant. They should have stuck with apple bee's and the Kentucy fried where the portions are big greasy and cheap.  It just shows how tough the restirant business is.  You have to serve any idiot.
4	My husband and I went to NOCA for my birthday dinner on a Wednesday night.  We had heard really great things about it, and we were happy with our overall experience.   Here's how it was...First the Pros:The food and drinks were fantastic!  Seriously, delicious.   I had the Death's Door cocktail and my husband tried the Nocarita.  Both were awesome.  The Death's Door was a gin based drink (and I am not a fan of gin) that was perfectly balanced with just the right sweetness and alcohol-y goodness. YUM!  My husband's Nocarita was also quite tasty. I preferred my Death's Door, but that is a matter of personal taste I think. Our amuse bouche that night was a chilled pumpkin soup with hazelnut mascarpone served in a cute little espresso cup.  It made the perfect first impression of what was to come.  It was so flavorful, I could have had a gallon of it and been a happy lady.  They should put that soup as a regular menu item, because I would go back to NOCA just for that!For apps, my husband had the Simple Salad that was perfectly dressed and had a thoughtful variety of ingredients that elevated the ubiquitous green salad to something unique.   I had the Bacon Chowder soup with Mussels that both tasted and smelled delicious.  So, so, so good! Some really nice ladies at the table next to us even commented on how good my soup smelled.  For our main courses, I had the famous Lobsta Roll with Duck Fat Fries.  Oh my!  It lived up to the hype.  My sandwich was comprised of  big chunks of lobster dressed in a decadent creamy sauce, balanced with a slightly tangy corn and red pepper relish that perfectly complimented the lobster "salad".  It was all nestled in a buttery/toasty roll, with the fries and a dipping aioli sauce on the side.  The portion was perfect and satisfying.  Really, I can't say enough good things about my sandwich.  My husband had the Rotelle with sausage and Tuscan kale.  Again, it was delicious.  The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sausage and kale were a perfect compliment.  Sausage can sometimes be overpowering, but this wasn't at all.  It was mild and flavorful at the same time.  The pasta sauce was indescribably good.  It was buttery and savory, and did not over-saturate the pasta.  It was as perfect as a restaurant pasta dish can get! For dessert, my husband had the donuts with three sweet dipping sauces, which were good.  I had the Nocabar, which I preferred to the donuts.  It was just the right size and tasted like a grown up version of a Twix bar on steroids.  The Nocabar was the perfect ending to my birthday meal and did not disappoint.  The grape flavored cotton candy was fun and a nice touch.  We had commercially bought and packaged chocolate mints for our parting "gift".  I think they ran out of the cellophane bagged house-made cookies that I saw people leaving with at the beginning of our meal.  Okay, now the Cons...The service was not great.  It was okay, at best.  When we walked in there was not a host or hostess to greet us.  Instead, we stood awkwardly at the door for a good 5-10 minutes waiting to be recognized.  They were not that busy as it was a Wednesday night, which made it all the more frustrating.  When we finally did get greeted and seated, there was no apology for the wait (we did have a reservation).  Our server was nice, but not too attentive.  She seemed bored.  The course timing was paced appropriately and the bus boy did keep our water glasses filled.  Overall, we were certainly not impressed with the service.  I think NOCA needs to work on training their wait staff.  The prices were high and did not match the level of service we received. I don't mind paying for a quality restaurant experience, but based on my experience at NOCA the service made our visit less than what it could've been...especially when we got  the final bill.    IMO, if you are going to charge the prices that were featured at NOCA both the service and the food needs to sing.  In this case, the food was worthy but the service was not.  Overall, I would go back to NOCA for the food.  If they stepped up their service, then NOCA would become one of my favorite spots. I asked my husband to rate our NOCA experience before writing this review and I think his description was perfect.  He said, "The food was 4.5 rating out of 5...the service was a 3 out of 5 at best."    As it stands, I have other places that I would want  to check out before going back to NOCA; places that have both their food AND service dialed in.   However, I think that if you haven't been to NOCA before it's worth a visit to check out the amazing food for yourself.
5	Best food in AZ. With the addition of nocawich and the constantly changing menu. It's never boring eating at noca.
3	I went to NOCA off of Groupon.  I read lots of reviews that the food was excellent and the service was lacking.  We were treated very nicely, seated promptly and our drinks never sat empty.  The food was outstanding, presented very nicely, and our steaks were cooked to order.  The only complaint I had was the price.  $39 for a Ribeye steak 18oz bone in, is just too much. The atmosphere, music and ambiance  was great.  Portions were designed for more skinny yelpers then myself-but thats probably on me, not NOCA. I would go again if I got a group on deal, otherwise, I would goto a steakhouse and pay $30 for a comparable steak.  Not a fan of a menu that changes everyday either, I like to be able to look at menu online first.  Grape flavored cotton candy for free was a delightful bonus.  Excellent food just too pricy for a strip mall restaurant next to a supermarket.
3	I agree with Mike P; the charges at this restaurant are way out of line.  Although our service was excellent on a recent Saturday night outing, we could not justify the price especially when considering that Noca is located in a strip mall.  There is not much ambience in the smallish room and it's somewhat crowded.  The food was just adequate - nothing special.  My friend's soup was over salted and my pasta dish was so skimpy, I doubt my eleven year old granddaughter would have been satisfied with it.  There are better places to spend your money.
2	We have been to NOCA a few times and it's going downhill in food quality.  The service has been a bit underwhelming but the food has been small but good.  I have always enjoyed the changing menu featuring in-season vegetables which is the only reason why we go back.  We went the weekend after Thanksgiving and they must have been playing with their B-team (or maybe their C-team) because our server was really unpleasant.  She made use feel like she had much better things to do and was really short in her responses to questions.  I chose the soup entree (per our servers recommendation), and I am amazed that they would actually charge $17 for a cup (literal measuring size of portion) of soup with pieces of squash.   My husband ordered the steak, which he has ordered before, and this time the portion was significantly smaller and was way overcooked.Before dessert they usually bring cotton candy...not to our table.  Everyone else was getting a little fluff ball on their table, but apparently when you are stuck with the snooty server she's to busy to bring it to the table.   I felt much better about our experience when upon walking out we overheard 2 different tables complaining about their food, at least it wasn't just our experience.
2	We went late November and it was disappointing. Funny how some people think that when you drop lots of cash on dinner, it means the food is good. Not so, dear readers, not so. We had to wait 2 hours for our meal and it was not worth the wait. The simple salad contained 3 leaves and a (yes singular here) slice of picked pear. The pasta with duck sausage I ordered was swimming in oil. They should have called it Drowned Duck Sausage Pasta. It had no flavor nor was not seasoned. Hoping to save the meal, I ordered the Noca Bar for dessert; it was the last hole in a sinking ship.
5	One of the best restaurant in town. I have been there few times and they really manage to wow me every time ! The owner if nice and friendly and is really on top of things. The service is great and the food is amazing ! We are going again this Saturday and I can't wait to taste their New Years eve menu. Happy New year :)
4	So I returned again in hopes to have that dining experience all my friends rave about.  It was better than my first visit.  My entree was not an overcooked piece of meat.  Actually, I took my friend's advice and went with a seafood pasta dish:  squid ink pasta with mussels, pork jowls, chili, mint, and I think that's it.  It was amazing!  Squid ink pasta is a little frightening at first because nobody really wants to eat something that's black (black usually equals rotten) but it was so delicious and I patted myself on the back for going adventurous that evening.  The menu is always changing which is good but also disappointing to find out I couldn't have the delicious calamari again.  We dined with a Groupon and I feel that's the only way your bill will be priced fairly.  If you don't have a Groupon, I suggest the Sunday dinner or tasting menu to get the best for your money.
5	This restaurant is what simple yet gourmet cuisine is all about. You can't go wrong no matter what is on the ever-changing menu.
2	I tried to go today for a business lunch and it was really weird.  It felt like someone was making the management do the lunch service.  We walked in the door and a large sign told us to "follow the Yellow Brick Road."  Sure enough on the ground there is a rubber mat printed like, well, a yellow brick road.  I thought it was a joke.  The road did not lead us to the Wizard nor the Wicked Witch, but an untableclothed banquet table with random service materials on it.  It became apparent that this was where we ordered and then a server would bring our order to the table.  I thought I was in Chuy's, but realized that we were expected to pay $13 for an a la carte pastrami sandwich.  We ordered water and the "counterperson" gave us a costco clear plastic cup, filled it with ice from a lexan sitting on the banquet table and told us the water was in the pitcher behind us...  Let me reiterate.  $13 sandwich.  We canceled our order and went next door to Keegan's for a normal restaurant experience with real waiters, no yellow brick road and $7 for soup and sandwich.NOCA you were good for dinner (a year ago)  Maybe you should stick to what you know.  Give up on your new Busch League lunch.
5	as a server i think everyone should have a couple months experience how there experience is.  all the reviews i have read were bad. i had a very good experience. good food and waited for my steak to be med well to med... only 20 min at max.  good job to all team members. ignore all bad posts. just enjoy youre company and enjoy dinner
4	Highly recommend their Sunday Simple Super.  We accidentally stumbled upon this place and was very impressed.  Food is absolutely amazing and will back.
3	The ambiance here is great.The food however was unimpressive. I had "the best lobsta roll in Phx". Im from New England...that was not the best lobstaH roll in Phx. It was good, but not great. Too much mayo. My husband did enjoy the duck fat fries that came w/ it though. We did enjoy the amuse bouche between courses, especially the large bowl of cotton candy before dessert. Now the desserts were fabulous. I had the 3 sorbets (chocolate caramel, marshmallow bourbon, and strawberry) so, so good. My husband had the doughnuts which he emphatically recommends (the small bites he'd actually give up were delicious).The wine list was great. We also tried the "United Kingdom" martini. delicious.I was so disappointed in the food, BUT am excited to go back for lunch sometime and try something off of their sandwich, excuse me, Nocawich menu.
5	I have to tell you, I'm really loath to give five start reviews unless I feel they are really justified and I've had enough experience with a place to see how good they are on more than one occasion. Well, I ate at NOCA not just once but twice this weekend. Saturday I went with one set of friends and had the regular menu and cocktails and then on Sunday evening I went back for one of their Simple Sunday suppers, both experiences were excellent and with that, let me lax eloquent on said gastronomical interfaces with this fine establishment.Saturday - Like a virgin, eating out for the very first time.I'd gone to the Esplanade 14 to see a movie with friends (which is pretty amazing in and of itself so let me recommend dinner there and a movie at NOCAS as the movie theater has been upgraded with a bar in the foyer and assigned seating for the theaters). You come out of the movie theater, on 24th and Camelback and then just head down to 32nd and Camelback. Just look for the Safeway on your left and make a u-turn and muck like Binkley's in Cave Creek (which it reminds me of), it is essentially in a strip mall, though one which also houses the famous burger place Delux.I had a cocktail which is not on the online menu right now but is made with egg whites, so a great throwback cocktail with a kick to it and cleanses the palate for the meal. By the way, dining starts with an amuse-bouche, just something tiny but delicious to tickle the palate, always a nice part of higher end dining and what reminded me of Binkley's. I also like that they keep the water on the table in an old fashioned cork bottle but it's table water, not a charge for it though I guess you could get sparkling water if you asked.We had the foie gras option, which came with some sort of maple syrup sauce that really went well with the fatty texture of the goose liver and was about $23, a little rich for my blood but wow, I love a well done foie gras. We also had the tempura shitake mushrooms, not bad though not all that amazing. I tend to like Japanese style tempura and this was more of a batter.I went on to have some sort of squid ink pasta with mussels and flakes of, I think, scallops, and it was in a wonderful lemon butter sauce. One of my friends had the duck breast and was kind enough to give me a piece and wow, probably one of the best cooked duck breasts I've had and I love duck breast. I did ask for a recommendation of a glass of wine to go with my pasta dish and got a grenache with a nice mineral backbone (so I'm cribbing from the waiter, sue me) that paired well with the seafood in my dish.After the main course they come out with a big bowl of homemade cotton candy, which adds a fun flair and we also got the tripple pairing of gelato and some french pressed coffee. The gelato is a bit on the soft side to me and I would encourage the folks at NOCA to go try t he gelato at La Bocca on Mill avenue or at La Grande Orange, though the pistachio gelato was quite flavorful and so was the bourbon marshmallow flavor...I just think it needs to be more firm (e.g. NOCA, you are wonderful but work on that one).Sunday - Simple Sunday Dinner - give it to me one more timeNow, since my first set of friends didn't want to go out Sunday, which is why I was there on Saturday, I took another set out Sunday night for their prix-fixe Sunday dinner menu. You have 3 or 4 options for appetizer and entree and one Sunday a month they offer the fried chicken option and since the next day was my annual physical, I had to have me some fried chicken.My appetizer (and I hope my doctor is not reading this post) was the bacon soup option with the crispy potatoes and bacon drippings and folks, it was transcendent, with these little fluffy lumps of potatoes and in the bottom, chunks of smokey, salty bacon and a drizzle of bacon drippings floating on top. Ask for an extra order of bread to dip into the soup, you will not be disappointed.For drinks they have a $30 bottle option, which I assume changes often but in this case we chose the Cab which was from ShareCropper's Wine company from Oregon and wow, it was perfect with my meal since it cut through my higher fat items. It was so good I had to order a second bottle and took half a bottle home to savor later.For dinner, the fried chicken, which the chef brined with lemon and honey and this time at least, some sort of tea and then it was dipped in buttermilk with lots of Tabasco and then floured and friend..it is served on a fluffy pillow of mashed potatoes that must have gone through a food mill because they were super smooth and a light overlay of cream gravy (p.s. Noca, maybe a little more black pepper next time in the gravy). The crust was delicious and the chicken sweat and moist, it was lovely and I will come back next month and ahve it again. As for desert, out of space, cookie was a bit too hard but otherwise great.
4	In Phoenix for business.  Came by on a recc from the hotel.  Very pleased by the meal.Ordered the duck breast.  Cooked beautifully, with excellent rendering.  Real treats were the marcona almond puree and the date "condiment" served with it.  The combination of sweet and nutty with the duck, combined with the slight crunch of the almond puree against the texture of the duck, was a winner.Starter "simple salad" was indeed "simple", but tasty.Wine list was surprisingly well-constructed.  Nice geographic coverage and good depth on some hard-to-find bottles.Very nice!
4	Went to noca with my wife and our good friend.  I had the squid ink tagliatelle and it was great!  It had mussels and crab in it and it was fantastic! Noca never fails to deliver on great main dishes.  The appetizer was the crawfish beignets and those were somewhat flavorless with too much hush puppy-ish type of breading. Overall a good experience
5	Great food.  Great service.  We went for our anniversary and got the tasting menu with the drink pairing.  Instead of just wine it had a whiskey theme (there was one wine pairing).  The food, especially the steak and egg dish, was well done, nicely presented, and most importantly delicious.  I strongly recommend reservations.  This place is not kid friendly.  It has a lovely wine list, and a great selection of whiskey.
5	Oh Noca, my once and always love!  Eliot Wexler should take another bow for bringing Matt Taylor into his cavern of culinary yum.  After my fried chicken sunday super, I was left just as delighted as ever anxious to try Mr. Taylor's full menu.Just as it has been since day one, the atmosphere was warm but fabulous, the service was excellent, and Mr. Wexler was a perfect host.  After a yummy amuse, we shared spot on gazpacho and a blue cheese garden salad.  Then, we sampled the fried chicken and potatoes and the vegetable "pot pie".  Juicy and creative all.  But then... you sweet genius... you earned your own spot in my heart with the brandied bread pudding.  Are you kidding me?  Honestly, I would butcher it in a description... it must be experienced.  The best take on this favorite I have ever had.  Thank you, Mr. Taylor!  Noca is always a special night.  Thank you for this one and I can't wait for the next.
5	Our group of six dined at NOCA on 3/23/12. We had a last minute addition to our group and the staff was very accomodating. The amuse was very refreshing, it was gaspacho. I felt that it would have been better with tortilla chips, but i feel that way about all gaspacho. The apps were great salads also very tasty. Having a party of six allowed us to pretty much try everything. The wines that were suggested went were right on. The entres were great. The majority of the party went with the suggestion of the server, the squid ink pasta. They were all alittle aprehensive but raved about it after the first bite. The dessert almost caused a spoon fight at the table. We chose the frozen chocalate souffle, the rum baba cakes and the donuts. All were great, the donut portion were kind of chinzy. Overall a great meal.
1	We dined at Noca last night and to say it was one of the worst meals of my life would be an understatement. The menu was very limited . I chose the pasta which was certainly not house made fresh. It tasted like cheap  store bought pasta with a sadly tasteless "pomodoro" sauce. Read canned tomato sauce. My companion had the braised pork which was an extremely fatty piece of pork shoulder on a bed of white  gelatinous mush.  After that  we didn't even dare try desert although we were still hungry. I might add that my pasta went back with literally two bites gone and they did not even ask me if there was a problem.  This restaurant might have been excellent once but it it extremely disappointing now!!!!!!
5	OK first I have to say I have lived near this place since it opened. I found I was not a big fan of the dinner and while it was high end and fresh I am not a seafood person which I hear they are amazing at.  So, OK not a big deal, just not my style.. UNTIL they started serving lunch... WOW!  Love the panini style sandwiches like the turkey with crandberry or try the (ol Sal?) the salami with the most fantastic combination of flavors that make it  perfect.  Which ever sandwich you get, you must try try the pasta salad. Not your run of the mill salad, the kind of pasta salad you CRAVE with tiny pasta, pine nuts and raisins? Well lets just say a symphony of textures and flavors.  Not embarrassed to say I am a huge repeat customer.  Only downfall is that are closed for lunch mondays which left me standing outside staring in and craving that salami sandwich and pasta one Monday afternoon.  All in all, Well done Noca!
5	I LOVE Noca! It is my favorite place to go in the valley. It is so amazing just thinking about it makes my mouth water. The food is always fresh, they use the best ingredients possible and it is obvious.  I am a vegetarian and there is always a veg option on the menu.  Everything from the wine pairing to the background music has been perfected to the finest detail.  My favorite is dessert though... Salted Butter Gelato, it's orgasmic!  So satisfying, if I were a smoker I'd need a cigarette when I am done.
5	Wow...this place is so darn good!  I checked out nocawich for lunch and was not disappointed at all!  The Doogie Howser was so flavorful...the carmelized onions were delicious!  The parsnip soup is not something I would normally order, but boy, was it good!  I can't wait to go back and try a Sunday Supper sometime.  Beware, lunch takes a little while to come out, but believe me, it is worth the wait!
1	This is a pretentious little restaurant in a Paradise Valley strip mall.Our sales team went here on a weeknight.  We were a party of 10, seated promptly, at 6:30 last Thursday with great attention by everyone but the wait person and manager.  If we were in a cafeteria it would have been fine.  The girl waiting on us had an attitude that needed to be checked at the door.  1.The menu and food is incredible and has a twist to it.  Everything served is a bit different than what you would usually see.   This girl waiting on us could not be bothered to say hello to the entire group and tell us about their menu.  She should wait tables at Dennys.  The person in charge of our group asked her in front of everyone, "Can you tell us a bit about your menu?"   Reply, "What do you want to know?"2. Another work mate is a vegetarian, she asked, "Is it possible for your chef to serve me a vegetarian plate?  Or is there anything on the menu you would recommend" waitress points-"there is a salad you can order".3. One of our executives asks for another bottle of wine we had-it turns out they were out of the wine, so she returns with a pile of paper and gives to our boss.  After flipping through 20 pages he realized most were duplicates.  Another 10 minutes go by, she returns with the help of her colleagues who have to track her down for us.  We give her the duplicate pages and she shrugs her shoulders like an adolescent.4. To top the night off it took another wait of about 10-20 minutes for her to return to take any coffee orders or desert.  The other staff had to go poke her again to tell her she had and entire table sitting with empty wine glasses and cleared plates.  Absolutely ridiculous.We were a very laid back group; a big group just wanting to have a nice night.  This girl waiting on his knew she was going to add 18% to our check and did not want to put any kind of effort in to earn her tip. She just did not care.  Her colleagues made it work.  Who knows if there was a manager on that night?  That is kinda sad too.  We were there early enough that no one should ever be subjected to an experience like this.I will say the food was absolutely incredible.  I had the Carbonara and it was just to die for.  But if I was on a date night with my husband or out with a group of my friends I would be completely bummed.  I most likely would have gotten up and left.  Or would have asked to talk the owner.  Our bosses, boss ended the night by looking at all of us an agreeing that this waitress was something else, to put it nicely.  We told the resort we were staying at about the horrible experience and I know none of us will ever go back....but I doubt Noca cares.
5	We have been meaning to come here for awhile and we are so glad we finally did! The service was amazing, it was my first date night with my husband sans wine (im pregnant), and the server had the bartender make me a grapefruit "faux"ijito. It tasted great and helped me feel like celebrating!  The food was amazing, we had the short rib pasta and the the chicken.  It was mouthwatering but not so heavy we coukdnt enjoy the homeade donut dessert! We will be back very soon!
4	After being so disappointed last time I came here, I was hesitant to come back. However, they now have a different chef and I decided to give them a second chance for restaurant week. I went with a friend earlier this week. So for my three courses I got the bacon and eggs app, the short rib pappardelle, and the taste of sacher dessert and she got the salad, the braised pork, and the fritter dessert. They started by bringing madeleines, which tasted a bit like cornbread and were very tasty and an amuse bouche of spiced egg salad, which was bland at first taste, but had a really flavorful and spicy after taste. My app was very good, the egg was poached perfectly, the red pepper sauce was flavorful, and the bacon was tasty (I don't even generally like bacon...so that's a compliment). My friend said she liked her salad, but it seemed like a pretty simple salad. The short rib and pasta was very good. It had a creamy sauce and little croutons that added a nice crunch to the dish. The short rib was good, but could have been braised a bit longer (still had a little more solid fat than I like), but it was flavorful. The dish looked small, but it was very filling. The pork was just alright, it was braised but somehow it was a bit dry. The flavor was a little barbeque-like, it wasn't my favorite, but it wasn't bad. I would definitely go with the short rib over the pork. My dessert was good, it was like a dessert playground! It had little chunks of chocolate cake, which was a bit dry, but it was easily remedied by the delicious, rich, creamy chocolate mousse (or something...thought she said it was gelato, but if it was, it was the most creamy gelato I have ever had) and the raspberry frozen bits, the fresh raspberry, and the apricot sauce....on top of that, there were these little crispy chocolatey things on top of the cakes....so good! The fritters were just ok (in my opinion), go with the chocolate for sure. I think the cotton candy was alright, but kind of gimmicky, but I really like that they give you a little dessert to take home. Ok, so I was teetering between a 3 star and a 4 star review, but I decided for the restaurant week price (or the sunday supper price) this place is great! For their stated menu prices, not so much....It is not the best restaurant in Phoenix, but it is good, and I would like to come back and give it a third try.
1	Tonight at Noca PhoenixNo dinner -waited 1.5 hours with no communication only to be told they were out of the fish I ordered left the restaurant 2 hrs later very hungry   Very disappointing
4	Really like this place! Everything our group ordered was excellent. Spare ribs were melt in your mouth delicious and clam chowder was some of the best I've ever had. I like the concept of the open kitchen. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive. The little things really make a difference: amuse bouche to start, cotton candy for dessert, and even a little scone parting gift. I'll be back!
5	Ok, so I am a junky for a REAL sandwich or Panini. If you have a good palate and appreciation for fine ingredients, a sandwich can be a real treat! So to my point, I was skeptical when Noca started their lunch time "Nocawhich" but gave in, boy am I happy I did, I already went back! They really put some time and effort into creating perfect balances! They truly take a sandwich and turn it into a culinary masterpiece. The staff is so friendly and the lunch time chef truly takes his time to create and structure everything he serves! The Roast Beef Sandwich is like nothing that you have ever tasted before... He finds away to incorporate the perfect balance of every element and every texture. The Sal D is phenomenal and the Cisco kid, yummy! So, basically EVERYTHING he creates is just, freaking delicious!!Love it, Recommend it, It is our Saturday treat that we always look forward too! :-)PS. Their dinner menu is good too!
4	You pretty much have to write two separate reviews; one for the 'wich' and one for regular Noca.  I will focus on the sandwiches.  The lunch menu isn't large and the sandwiches are what you'd get elsewhere.  The difference is in the quality of the craftsmanship and ingredients.  It is neck and neck between this place and Pane Bianco for the crown of best upscale sandwich in Phoenix.  Also, try to come on  Saturdays so you can partake of the gift of the seas otherwise known as the Noca lobster roll.
4	I was so surprised by this restaurant!  It's located in the strip mall by Safeway and I automatically was judging that it would be bad.I was wrong!First, someone greeted and opened the front door for us.  It wasn't too crowded, but it was Sunday night.Their Sunday night dinners are PHENOMENAL!  Great food and a decent price!  I had the most delicious tomatoes, that were locally grown, and I don't even like tomatoes!The entire experience was awesome.  Great, upscale restaurant, delicious food!  I would definitely come here again!
5	Part 1:The Why:  A work of passion from a former stock trader turned restauranteur, noca had been on my "to visit" list ever since I visited Phoenix for my recruitment in September of 2011, but unfortunately a chef shift right before I visited (and another thereafter) gave me pause.  Owned by Eliot Wexler and considered by many locals 'in-the-know' to be amongst the best restaurants in the city I knew I would eventually make my visit, but it was not until the high praise of new chef Claudio Urciuoli's cuisine and a ringing endorsement from Steve Plotnicki via facebook came across that I moved noca to #1 on my list.  With a concept that seems rather straight forward - high end ingredients prepared with an Italian twist in a casual environment - I generally assumed that noca was going to impress, and at a price point that seemed bargain basement compared to similar establishments in New York, Chicago, and elsewhere.The Reservation:  For the sake of full disclosure I have to note here that I was known walking in the door.  Between Steve's endorsements that I must meet his friend Eliot and another local diner who'd apparently told Mr. Wexler about me months before I figured it was only proper to introduce myself to the restaurant's owner prior to making a reservation - an introduction that led to a string of e-mails covering everything from sourcing to local general contractors, and finally a reservation at 8:30pm on Saturday night (actually secured ~18 hours before the meal via Opentable.)  What I hadn't planned on, however, was a stop earlier in the day to check out the afternoon 'nocawich' menu...but hey, why not?The Space:  Located, like many Phoenix restaurants, in a simple strip mall the exterior of noca is nothing to get excited about - it could be any random sports bar or billiards hall, but what lies inside is actually quite sleek; a sort of urban industrial feel but still sort of homey and laid back.  By day more casual and by night more trendy the use of industrial light bulbs plus spotlights and mirrors allows the room to be as intimate or as bright as necessary and with an open kitchen during both lunch and dinner service there is plenty to watch.  With a lively bar, close set tables lacquered in black, and brick walls plus a lively soundtrack I will say the space gets loud, but certainly not overly so, and for those who enjoy watching a kitchen at work the marble chef's counter is a great place to eat. The Service:  Considering how busy noca was (not an empty seat in the house save for the one to my left) I was stunned at the fluidity and efficiency of service.  Dishes were presented with ample descriptions, questions of ingredients and preparations were answered thoroughly and knowledgably, and aside from a few small quirks (that the average diner would have never paid a second thought to) my primary server named Jenny could not have been more pleasant, professional, or helpful with her suggestions.  A lively spot where many patrons probably don't really pay attention to the quality of the service I'll simply say I've been to a number of Michelin starred spots with a far less impressive front of house.The Food:  A sandwich and dessert at Nocawich at lunch/two drinks, eight courses, bread, amuses, mignardises at dinner.Croque Madame with Pork Belly, Brioche, Fried Egg, Gruyere Foam:  This $10 sandwich from the Saturday Noca(wich) menu would feature a slightly modernist update on the French classic and as much as I love the combination of ham, egg, and cheese in all forms this one raised the bar a bit by utilizing tender belly bacon from Mr. Wexler's supplier out of Iowa paired with crisp brioche, a perfect sunny side egg, a thin slice of aged gruyere, and finally an aromatic foam from an ISI Whip that made cheese whiz seem tame in comparison.  As good as the lobtah roll sounded, I find it hard to believe it would have trumped the croque - but I'm certainly going back with my BOGO from dinner to find out.Red Velvet Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting:  Simple, dense, moist, and featuring an ample amount of tangy cream cheese icing there really isn't much else to say about this cake.  Not overly sweet like so many 'designer' cupcakes the $3.50 rustic wedge was a welcome change from the norm - the cocoa allowed to shine rather than taking a back seat to the sugar.Dinner service will be an addendum...
1	We stopping in on Saturday Sept 1 at about 2:PM the sign said they closed in the afternoon and reopened for dinner a couple of hours later. Since we were there about 15 minutes before the closing time and just wanted a sandwich we went in. There were about 4 employees at the counter working on prep for dinner and about three other customers. No one greeted us but they had to have seen us you just can't miss someone standing at the front door. Eventually we just sat outselves. Still no one would make eye contact or approach us. My partner went to the counter and got a menu and the woman at the counter said she didn't see us. She would have to be blind not to have seen us. We ordered a sandwich from the self service counter. It was not impressive just meat and cheese on bread with lettuce. The potato salad was nice but a pretty small portion for the price. We definetly felt unwanted. If you want to strart prepping for dinner at 1:30 then close at 1:30.
5	Short StoryExecution of food was perfect.Flavors and seasonings were spot on.Some unexpected elements of surprise moves the food past four stars.Perfect portions,not too much not too little.Atmosphere maybe isn't quite five stars but I was happy with the food.Long StoryThey started us off with the most amusing looking amuse bouche I've ever seen. A tiny piece of a cherry tomato on a bunch of tiny plates. But wow that tiny morsel of tomato was packed with a mouthful of flavor.The spicy sausage was very good and the chick peas were clearly NOT of the canned variety and seemed like cooked and then maybe roasted nicely with a crispness.The simple salad really wasn't so simple as it was made of high end ingredients such as endive, apples, Marcona Almonds, Garrotxa Cheese. The careful slicing of the ingredients made the texture interesting and the vinaigrette was so bright and fresh and perfect the salad was outstanding.The pasta was perfect and light with the right texture and made with local Hayden Farms semolina flour.I had to ask about the pasta because it looked darker than semolina it really was interesting. I thought the beef short rib ragu was perfect not fatty but cooked down with perfect seasonings. Prosciutto wrapped fennel and cheese stuffed Pork Loin was prepared perfect being moist and flavored well.They gave us a giant bowl of green apple cotton candy.Ricotta fritters were yummy!The Triple Chocolate Flan really didn't seem like flan but had the taste of pots de creme but not the mouth feel being  what seemed like lighter. It had these praline rice crisps that sort of tasted like hazelnut that were yummy and on the side was a salty buttery cookie that went well with it.They gave us chocolate chip shortbread cookies to take home.I was very happy with the food and service.The dining room is a little dark and I almost needed a flashlight to read the menu. Tables are close together. This is a small restaurant in a strip mall.
3	Ambience- Pros- Modern, clean, Cons- dark and tables too close to each otherService-Pros- Attentive, polite, concern Cons- Food came out a bit too slowly, (maybe because of ARW)FoodPros- flavorful, food presented in simple yet appealing styleCons- nothing really stood outFirst course-1) meatballs with polenta - meatballs were moist and polenta had good flavoring and consistency2) prawns with beans- prawns good grill flavor, seasoned well, beans were also creamy and well cooked3) cheese artisinal board- good quality cheese with some fruit compoteSecond Course1) cioppino- good seafod flavor, seafood- clams, prawns, and octopus were fresh and the tomato broth well seasoned ( I add lime and chilli powder to give it a kick)2) Wagu brisket- well cooked and seasoned, favorite is the grilled cauliflower (according to hubby)Third course (dessert)1) ricotta fritters- dry and boring after 1st bite, average tasting, 2) chocolate flan- nice presentation inside little jam jar. flavor- more of a pot de creme and had more complex flavor with the salted caramel toppingWe drove far (Northeast Mesa) to come to NOCA.  Although food was good, not worth the long distance drive.  CAUTION- DOUBLE CHECK YOUR DIRECTIONS IF YOU LINKED WITH ARW WEBSITE TO GET DIRECTIONS THROUGH GOOGLE.  WE GOT LOST.  GOOGLE MAP TOOK US TO 35TH AV AND W. CAMELBACK.  CORRECT DIRECTION - E. CAMELBACK AND 32ND ST. (BEHIND MOLINA JEWELER)
2	Not very impressed with our experience.  The cheese plate was just ok, a girlfriend got the cucumber soup which was wonderful, the main course was ok at best, for dessert I got a cheese fritter which was good.  Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.  Our waitress was slow even for as busy as it was.  There was a time period I was without a drink for 20+ mins.  Cool setting just not really worth the price.
4	Okay, so I am a little bit of a sandwich Junky. I absolutely love this place. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because my favorite items keep changing. I am the type of person that when they go out likes to go to a familiar restaurant and I order the same thing practically every time, because I know I have less risk of being disappointed. Well as many times as I have been to NOCA I have yet to have a disappointing trip. Yes, on a rare occasion they have run out of things, but I can appreciate that because I know the food is always fresh. They have won me over with their soups and sandwiches, I can't wait to try dinner.
4	Really, really good. Love the look and feel of this place. Went for Arizona Restaurant Week. Food was outstanding -- loved my sausage appetizer over a bed of red pea puree, maccharoncini (?) with short rib ragout entree was super, chocolate flan (recommended by server) was heavenly. Wife loved her cheese board app & cioppino entree, her compressed fruit soup sounded better than it was. Some nice surprises -- an amuse bouche of tomato, caper & olive oil, and a mound of green apple cotton candy served pre-dessert (not my cup of tea, but a fun idea) . Downsides -- service was great when our server was present, but it was often a while between her visits (well, it was a Saturday night during Restaurant Week). Also, they were out of the only two beers/ales I wanted.  Really? Someone could have walked 100 feet over to the Safeway and picked up more. I almost asked them to do that just to see how they'd respond, but chickened out.  All in all, a really good meal and night out.
1	Where to start.. Restaurant week usually means getting a chance to see what  a restaurant does best, but it seems that Noca didn't get that memo. Bland meat balls, an "artisan cheese platter" that consisted of 4 small slices of cheese from the fry's deli variety pack, and some jam. I went for the 4 course menu and feel like I left more hungry than when I arrived. I understand why GOOD restaurants never put salt on the table, but every dish we had at Noca was out of balance and could have used adjusting. The pork tenderloin was tough, made worse by the over cooked prosciutto wrapped around it... And the cioppino seemed to have been stewed with dirty gym socks. Even the berry tart for desert was questionable.and though it didn't affect my review... who pours beer out of a can into a snifter? Let's leave the irony where it belongs, in literature, not bring it to dinner.Our server was uninterested and rarely let us finish a sentence before walking away from the table. Over all, it was the kind of experience I'd expect from Applebees not a restaurant with a reputation to maintain.
4	I visited NOCA for restaurant week with a couple of friends.   Was not my first time here.  I love this place!  I love getting an amuse bouche.  We had some sort of tomato with capers and olives.  I ordered the meatballs with polenta as my first course.  I ate one and a half of the three meatballs and I was already full!Then came the pork belly as our supplemental appetizer.  Yum!  It came along with some sort of frittata, but I don't think it had egg, so I guess its not a frittata!  Anyway, it was delicious, whatever it was.I opted for the up charge for the steak with chimicurri and smashed potatoes.  The potatoes were delicious!  The steak was tender, well seasoned and a decent size.  I didn't love the chimicurri.  I think they added olives to it, and I am not a huge fan of them.  I only ate a quarter of the steak, so I got to take it home and enjoy again!After our dinner, my favorite part of the meal came.  The complimentary cotton candy!  I always look forward to that.Then came our dessert.  My friends had the chocolate pudding or flan with cookies and i had the pana cotta.Before we went home, they gave us each complementary a chocolate chip shortbread to t take home.   Who doesn't love great food and freebies?
3	So sad.. My last review I gave a raving 5 stars for the lunch and now they removed the two items I was raving about and craving. The Sal is now gone as well as the yummy pasta salad.  I find that I do not wait for Tuesdays for them to be open to stop in anymore, because mostly it is just the regular run of the mill panini's I can get most places, and regular bagged chips. The Turkey is still really good, just not much of a Turkey fan. I am always confused when places that have great reviews and word of mouth for specialty items just stop selling them. NOCA is a high end place and people want the unique flavors and specialties. Still a very friendly staff and the young lady at the sandwich counter could not be any nicer!
5	A most unique and delicious menu combination.  But even more impressive is the wine.  The wine selection is one of the best in Scottsdale.  Between expert guidance, warm service and an intriguing melody of flavors, it turned into a memorable evening.  And it was a great value.  Don't stop!
5	Absolutely delicious! The service was spot on and their timing was impeccable. The chef was featuring egg-free ravioli and it was easily the best handmade pasta I've ever tasted (aside from Marcellino's) Just delish! I highly recommend this spot!
1	DINERS BEWARE!  The food and service has drastically declinedat this establishment.  Last night we were eager to enjoy theSeafood Risotto and the Pork Loin Dish that have stimulated so muchnotoriety.  Our party of three arrived promptly at 7:00, greetedby the friendly hostess and taken to our well-groomed table.We ordered our drinks, which promptly arrived and werequite lovely and thirst quenching.  Upon ordering the famouspork dish from the menu, I was told by the waitress that they had substituteda pork chop, but she assured me it was just as delicious.  Mytwo companions ordered the Seafood Risotto, and as accompaniments,added the sausage pizza and the simple salad.  The waiter brought outbread but we had to ask for butter or oil, which was theb broughtto our table.  Our waitress brought BOTH appetizerand salad at the same time.  The salad was almost void ofdressing and there was very little sausage on the pizza.  Oursecond round of drinks arrived and good thing.....as unknowinglywe had a very long wait ahead of us.  We then watched three tables be seated, eatand leave and our food still hadn't been served.  We askedour bus boy to find the waitress who had never come backto the table to check on us.  Well over an hour after we ordereddinner, our waitress arrives with ONE plate of the risotto.A few minutes later she comes back with ONE plate containingmy 3 inch thick pork chop and shortly after that she returnswith the last risotto dinner.  We began eating and my daughterdiscovered her dinner was very cold but served on a heated plate.I didn't want to bother our absent waitress, but I definitely neededa sharper knife to cut through the thick, tough and dry pork chop.  In the end the waitress did not charge us for cold risotto dinner,but she never apologized.  The hero in all this is the bus boy,who faithfully refilled our water glasses and bread.  Still hungryafter the meager portions we devoured the yummy cotton candythat comes with every meal.  Walking out the door at9:15 we wanted to warn the late comers, just arriving, to stick with the drinks the cotton candy.PS We never saw the complimentary amuse bouche orany take home treat!
4	Really enjoyed our meal. Definitely going back.
2	I am rating lunch; I imagine dinner is a much different experience.I came here for lunch as it looked like a nice fancy place to have a dinner date with the wife; the staff was very nice and it is a ecstatically pleasing environment on the inside... but the food was pretty poor and overpriced.  My wife got a chicken sammich and I got a Reuben; both tasted like uncooked vinegar.  I think it was something to do with the toppings on both.  I expect it a bit from a Reuben due to the kraut, but not from the sammich she got.  Even trying to look past that, it was fairly unsatisfying.  Along with waters and one soup that we shared the tag was over $30 which is fairly surprising for what we got.
1	Very disappointing and expensive.  We went there on Sunday and didn't realize our only choice was the Sunday Super menu for $35. That is way too much for fried chicken, especially when 2 of 3 pieces are wings! I've had better at KFC! The menu on their website was also different than the one we got in the restaurant. Had I known we couldn't  choose from the regular menu, I would have gone on a different day.
4	Great atmosphere, great food and love all the little extras they bring you as you wait for your meal.  And cotton candy at the end! Too pricey for me to eat dinner there every weekend but a good place to go if you don't mind $100+ for dinner and drinks for two.
5	Five stars is a very special rating for me. Noca is an excellent restaurant. The food, Mediterranean, mostly, was divine. I had the pasta Amatriciana, homemade pasta,spiced just right, the real thing. Others had, and I tasted: the risotto with shrimp, maybe the best risotto ever, cooked perfectly, subtle tastes, excellent shrimp. Also tasted the pasta "gallo", little crescents with rick rack edges, a sauce that was hearty, spiced with sausage and short ribs..absolutely yummy. Noca is small, intimate, the service was great and the extensive wine list tells you that someone really knows wines and wine/food pairings. We loved the after dinner "surprise".Noca is a place for very, very good food. And the prices were just right for the quality and the setting.
4	Went to Noca on a date with my wife, had a great atmosphere and food was splendid.The only downside I could muster for Noca is the menu wasn't as large as I was hoping. Only a few entrees and appetizers, but again the food was delicious. Just take a look at the menu before you go to see if it is something your looking for. They also brought us several small sampling dishes which really added something to the night. Also you couldn't ask for a better presentation of the food, overall I highly recommend the restaurant.
2	Very disappointing.  The evening started off well when I noticed they had foie gras on the menu and it wasn't just a foie gras pate, but the whole foie gras seared.  It was pretty good, although the radicchio didn't go well with it.  It also could have used another 30 seconds of searing.  Everything was downhill from there.  I have never seen a smaller or eaten a blander ceviche.  Ever.  If you're going to call something ceviche, it should be served in Peruvian fashion and taste something like ceviche.  The lobster risotto was pretty good and had a nice little kick to it..  All three bites of it.The black bass was forgettable.  The prime rib eye is misnamed.  If you aren't going to include the eye, which is the best part, then call it something else.  It was ok.Even with the complimentary soup and appetizer, we left unfilled and went to Smashburger around the corner for our second dinner.
2	Let's see .... my girlfriend reserved this place based on great reviews. We reserved for 8 pm and had to wait for a good 30 minutes. We ordered  Black Bass and Short Ribs. You would think they could  make the skin on the bass crispy but all we got was a soggy fish with some risotto at the bottom. Don't get me started on the short ribs... The funny was the couple that sat next to us leaned over and asked if we liked our dinner and of course I said no. He agreed that this restaurant was not what it was hyped to be. I guess on to another restaurant. If you want mediocre and so so food... this place would be perfect for you!
2	Went on a date to Noca,  this has been our third time there and this last time we went we were sad to say disappointed.    We first got there and were seated right away.  We had a chance to look at the menu and decided to both get the tasting menu with wine pairings.  Our first course I ordered the polenta with a meatball and my boyfriend had the carpaccio which were both excellent.  the wine that was paired with my dish was excellent.  My boyfriends wine tasted a bit corked or bad and the server was very apologetic.  The only thing that was kind of uncomfortable was how rushed we felt.  There are bus boys I guess that come by and pick up your plates and refill your water but its like they are always there,  I barely took a couple sips of water before they were filling it up again.  I looked like they were just always running from table to table and our bread felt like it was flung on to our table abruptly.  Our next course was the pasta course and my dish was very good,  I ordered the maccheroncini all" Amatriciana. My boyfriend had the Creste di Gallo which was ok.  The short Rib that came in the dish was very tough.  The wine pairings there were both really good.  We then ordered our third course which I had the lamb and my boyfriend had the Cioppino.  My dish was cooked perfectly and was not gamey at all. The Cioppino on the other hand was not at all impressive.  My boyfriend being from the east coast grew up eating seafood regularly and the Cioppino was not up to his standards.  The broth was very runny and tasted very fishy.   When we received the dish we had to flag down our sever to see if we could get a dish to dispose of the shells and also some bread for dipping in the watery broth.  The bread again was flung onto our table.  Our wine pairing seemed suitable for our course and tasted nice, until I reached a few sips left of the wine and being a dim lit place couldn't see that I was about to swallow a huge amount of sand like sentiment.  It was very unpleasant feeling.  Of course before we could even say anything to the server a bus boy whisked it away. Then came dessert,  we both ended the evening with a coffee panna cotta and cinnamon sugar beignets. That was nice.  The cappuccino  ordered was not that great.  I had to wait until I could get someone to bring me some sugar and the cappuccino was not creamy at all.  I didn't bother with trying to find someone to bring me something to stir the sugar in it with and used a knife I had left on the table.  On an upside they do bring you a cute little bowl with cotton candy to munch on. In conclusion,  we have been to Noca before and have had better food but the atmosphere is pretty much the same as always.  I don't think we will be heading to Noca anytime soon.  Its quite a drive from Chandler for that kind of experience.
1	this is the second time I have eaten there and the second time I have been disappointed. They have a new Italian chef who  it seems has never eaten in Italy! I had a main dish which consisted of  three tiny pieces of steak which were over salted and three tiny hard potatoes. I thought only pasta should be al dente! the others at my table did not do much better..no food and expensive prices for nothing special. Avoid this place especially if you are sophisticated and know good food. Leave this for the locals who have never traveled and think that charging high prices for food  that is mediocre at best makes them  part of the in crowd. I for one will avoid it even though I live around the area!
4	Went on a date night. Food was very good. Nice touch was the complimentary huge cotton candy ball at the end. You should probably make reservation for a weekend night, if that's when you plan on going....it was pretty busy. They had Foie Gras....which was amazing.
5	YUM.  That sums it up.OK, you want more?  the food is amazing.  The people are so nice!My one complaint is that I can never remember the name of this place!
5	They started us off with an amuse bouche of tiny marble size arancinis (fried cheesy rice balls) They were so tasty we thought about asking for more but didn't.We tried the tasting menu and had a long parade of things to try.I was very impressed with both of our starters. I've been fortunate to have dined at great places in Las Vegas and Napa and had Raviolos in those places and I have to say the Raviolo I had at Noca was truly the best tasting Raviolo that I have tried so far. The pasta was thin and seasoned just right with the right texture. The egg oozed out in a sexy way revealing a light fresh cheese. The browned butter sage sauce just was the best I've had cooked carefully and enough, not burnt being very tasty and nutty and it had the perfect seasonings. This dish was special.To me the other starter dish was also a very masterful and well thought out dish. I've never seen a soft boiled FRIED  and lightly breaded egg before. That truly isn't the easiest thing to do with the yolk not coming out chalky but moist instead. The dish was embellished with painstaking shaved asparagus, prosciutto and morel mushrooms. I never seen anyone before cutting the morels in half but I was impressed with that because I know that is the only way to clean a morel. If you didn't know that morels harvest the most dirt of any mushroom because of all their crevices.In between here and dinner we had the lemon rosemary flat bread. I don't know if they made the wrong portion size or not but they gave me a whole bread. It was made very nice and was very thin but crisp and had a very good aroma from the lemons and rosemary. My husband had the fresh made pasta with Lamb Ragu and Fava beans. He said it was very good. The lamb was nice and tender. The favas were very fresh and the pasta was perfect.For dinner my husband had the Burrida it's basically the Italian version of Cioppino. The Burrida was packed with fresh mussels, Whole Prawns, Calamari, and Branzino in a spicy tomato broth. My husband said the mussels truly were the best he has ever had.I had the Hake. It was fresh and very light and almost a tasteless fish but it was seasoned nice and was adorned with Italian condiments including mostarda that made it taste good. I almost want to run out and buy some mostarda now. This dish only came with a high end grain salad being mostly black barley and I think it had a little kamut in it and maybe a few other grains. Then came a long parade of desserts that I didn't need because I was past my limit at this point.A big bowl of cotton candy. A Chocolate enrobed chocolate cake stuffed with Nutella Mousse with a fancy cookie garnish and caramel sauce. If this dessert doesn't give you a buzz nothing will. And our other dessert was a blueberry tart topped with a little vanilla ice cream. We thought we were done but then they brought out two small chocolate coated cubes stuffed with a light chocolaty like mousse center.All I can say is WOW!
3	The food was excellent and if it weren't for the unfortunate table we were seated at, I would have given it 5 stars. There are two high top tables at the front of the restaurant and despite having made reservations, that's where we were placed. The chairs are on the nicer side as far as  high top/bar stools go, but for a 2 hour meal, it's incredibly uncomfortable to be propping yourself up on bar chairs throughout the entire meal and especially awkward for women in skirts and sandals.The food was wonderful and with the exception of the cotton candy that we didn't get, but had to request, there were no service problems (and we were given the cotton candy to go, which we appreciated). We had a flatbread and salad to start, both were excellent. For our main course, we had the hangar steak and ravioli - both excellent. Dessert was the noca Hoho and an almond blueberry tart - also excellent. So, no complaints about the food, but frankly, it was hard to enjoy it when we were so uncomfortable at the table. If we go again, and we'd like to, we will definitely request that we not be placed at those tables.
5	My boyfriend goes to noca regularly and we've gone there together several times. I enjoy both their lunch and dinner menus, but their lunch (nocawich) in particular. I had the Gwyneth sandwich which was accompanied by noca slaw and thoroughly enjoyed it. The slaw has a little kick to it thanks to the sriracha. We went for Restaurant Week last night and, unfortunately, were unable to order both the Halibut and the Lamb due to a shortage of the entrees. However, this is because the owner refuses to freeze the ingredients in order to control quality, and who can fault him for that? We had to choose something else, and he graciously substituted an off-menu Branzino creation for me while my boyfriend ordered the Pork entree. We both enjoyed our meals. Before that, we ordered a tomato and arugula salad and tomato and roasted red pepper soup that had a citrus twist. This lemony twist separated it nicely from the run-of-the-mill soups made around town. Additionally, their house red and white wines were both very enjoyable. The little "Ho Hos" and doughnut desserts were enjoyable, and the jelly sauce that  accompanied the doughnuts really made them stand out. All in all, Noca remains a favorite!
2	Hit up noca for restaurant week. Can sum it up in a word... meh. Expected more. Got less. Nothing was horrible,  but it wasn't good either.  Ok to start I had the Meatball Panino, a single tiny meatball on a piece of bread. Not bad would have been nice if it was bigger or if there were two. My girlfriend had the tomato soup, meh,  wasn't bad but wasn't anything special. After a very long wait our main dishes came. I had the Burrida, shrimp, muscles, clams, squid chunks and legs. It was bland, seafood in fishy water no spice, no real flavor, no good. My girlfriend got the hanger steak, ordered it med rare it came rare, 5 small pieces of meat, again bland, no spices and chewy. Next came a bowl of sour apple cotton candy, well you can't really mess up cotton candy.  After another long wait came dessert doughnut and holes,  and some noca ho-ho thing. The doughnut was over cooked and dry, the ho-ho thing was good probably the best part of the meal. And that brings us to service. Our waitress was going through the motions she wasn't bad, just didn't seem to care.  So all in all a let down. I don't think we will ever go back.
2	This is a tough one to write and I was torn between two and three stars.  The sweat dripping down my back and arms made it the lower rating...Here's the dealio; I make reservations for Restaurant Week for 6 people. I call the day before and ask if I can bump that number up. Sure, no problem they say, so I hang up happy as can be.  Imagine my surprise when we get to the restaurant and they have the original reservation only.  Our option is to crowd people into a small table or sit outside separate. We choose the latter, not really thinking about the lack of misters...The reason why I'm truly upset is that there were other free tables inside but I'm sure they were reserved (how nice to hold it for them and not us...).  I'm not trying to be bitter, but I am still having heat flashes. The food was okay, I liked the Cresti de Gallo, but everything else was just okay. The owner brought out some flatbread as well as an apology, but I would have preferred my meal to be outstanding in lieue of burning up outside. At least I know to avoid NOCA for Restaurant Week moving forward
1	Wow. Restaurant week can be a wonderful way to taste new and different things...or revisit the things you like about a place. In reading Noca's posted on-line menu, we were thrilled to be able to return to this place (this was visit #2) after the maiden voyage was a bit pricey for what was offered. Enter our server...who when asked why the menu in-house was NOT the same as the on-line preview of coming attracttions said "Oh yeah, we are out of some things." I don't need to know the behind-the-scene strategy meetings, but something along the line of "We aren't serving this because of having run out....but this dish is amazing and you will love it!" would have been something more palatable. The soft shell crab app was wonderful! From there, things became wayy more pedestrian and uninteresting, The pork dish was unseasoned and was the definition of "big plate, small food." Had it been stellar, things might have been  ok....but this was a tasting portion size. A single meatball was another course. I can see why the server suggested a flat bread side...to help with the munchies. Dessert was ok...I mean really... Tracey Dempsey can do little wrong in my book, but sadly the tone had been set prior to her creations. In a town where there a LOT of excellent restaurants (pork and everything else at Beckett's Table comes to mind), I'm thinking that this is the second strike...and we won't take the chance of a third.
5	Third visit - items selected include:Noca Royale - Prosecco, Compari, Lime CordialPB&J - Peanut Buffalo Trace, Raspberry, LemonBreadAranciniPotato CroquetteFunghi Schiacciate - Alba brown and white beech mushrooms, Parmigiano, Mozzarella, Oregano, EVOOPork & Beans - Kurobuta Pork Belly Confit, Bean Cassoulet, Mirepox, BaconLamb Porterhouse - Controne Beans, Beech Mushrooms, Peperonata, Olive Cocoa PestoRavioli - Potato, Red Pepper, Mozzarella Filled with Thyme and Brown ButterCreste di Gallo - Kurobuta Pork RaguSix Points Kurobuta Pork Short Ribs - Pommes Puree, Braised Greens, Carrots, CuissonFlourless Chocolate Cake - Roasted White Chocolate, Brandy Tuile, Angelfood CrumbleCitrus Semifreddo - Cranberry Campari Marmellata, Toasted Vanilla Bean Angelfood CakeCream Cheese Beignets - Chocolate, Goat Caramel, Key Lime CreamGreen Apple Cotton CandyWhile my first meal at noca was amongst the best I've had in Phoenix my second was unfortunately the disappointing Fried Chicken Face-Off with FnB - a meal that I assumed was an aberration, but one that did not exactly send me running back to either restaurant until my mother and aunt came to town and we decided to visit both spaces on sequential nights...the first a return to noca that proved my speculation correct in providing another meal as good as the first on a crowded Thursday night with the kitchen firing on all cylinders from free gifts of Arancini and Potato Croquettes through the new Pizza/Schiacciate program all the way to Tracy Dempsey's desserts.Having enjoyed Italian the night before at Bianco's Italian Restaurant but well aware of Chef Claudio's skills with pasta and Eliot Wexler's strong dedication to sourcing top quality pig and lamb our selections focused heavily on the night's more hearty and rustic dishes and, as anticipated, our reward was plate after plate of truly excellent cuisine - the Creste and Short Ribs particularly balanced and immaculately prepared while the delicate ravioli and gamey lamb, both delicious, touched on entirely opposite ends of the spectrum - the former silky and subtle while the later was amongst the most flavorful lamb dishes I've ever encountered.Moving from savory to sweet, while I cannot say I'm happy to see yet another restaurant in the area relying on outside sources for their desserts, it goes without saying that Tracy is extremely talented and her range is amongst the best in the business, the dense chocolate cake and light, silky semifreddo equally impressive while the beignets stole the show - each donut light and entirely greaseless while the caramel and key lime cream both warranted a finger to wipe the plate clean.
2	I was so excited to try this place for Arizona Restaurant week and left disappointed.  I wouldn't go back.  Started with Roasted Eggplant & Heirloom Tomato SaladCucumbers, Feta, Country Bread, Forum Cabernet Vinaigrette.  It was the best part of the evening.  Well, that and the glass of white wine.  For an additional $10 we tried the Mushroom Schiacciata Smoked Mozzarella, Tomato.  Basically a dry, over cooked, over peppered flat bread pizza.  I didn't really care for it at all but ate because I was hungry.  For dinner I had the Crespelle Zucchini2, Potato, Ricotta, Tomato Sauce.  It was actually disgusting.  I hated the texture and I hated the flavor.  Ick!  For dessert we tried both the noca Ho Ho - Chocolate Sponge Cake, Milk Chocolate, Hazelnut Mousse, Chocolate Glaze, Hazelnut Crunch, Fleur de Sel Caramel  and the Warm Doughnuts & Holes.  The donuts were good hot, as soon as they cooled it was a waste of calories.  The Ho Ho was actually fairly tasty.  They also brought some complimentary cotton candy (after we asked because every other table had it except us) that was bad.  How can cotton candy be bad?  Overall, with tip I believe the meal cost me $49 and it was not enjoyable.  Really bummed to have wasted a night out during restaurant week on this place.
4	Squid Ink Fettucini!! Whaaaaaattt?? Yeah that pretty much sums my curiosity of that splendid pasta. I was expecting iron or mineral taste coming out from it (hence the ink) but the taste was so wonderful and the pasta is as good as it gets. With the king crabs meat and yummy sauce I definitely hooked to this food. The restaurant itself is a bit in tricky location cause it is right behind the keegan and on the left side of the safeway. I am having a bit trouble with the GPS when I tried to find it, but when the food came its all worth it. They gave us complimentary doughnut that to die for, the crunchiest doughnut that I'd ever tasted, and complimentary brownies. With this much good food to offer, I would definitely stop by this restaurant again!
3	I really wanted to give this place 4 stars because they served us two free desserts and didn't seem to mind that our party sat and had dinner for 2+ hours, but I couldn't give it 4 stars in good conscience because I honestly probably wouldn't come here again (unless one of my friends really wanted to go).I ordered the Insalate de Mare ($13) which was a tasty dish of squid, baby octopus, shrimp, celery, and potatoes. The only thing I didn't like was the baby octopus legs. I'm not usually squeamish about eating seafood, but eating the legs with all the chewy tentacles was a little too much, even for me.For my entree I ordered the Crespelle ($14), which was basically a crepe filled with ricotta cheese and basil and topped with red sauce. I wanted to order the spaghetti, but I found out their spaghetti doesn't come with red sauce or any kind of meat! I know this place is trying to be innovative and fancy but, really?? You have to offer a spaghetti dish with a tomato-based sauce. OR at least offer a protein add-on. When I asked if I could order the spaghetti (which comes with just a garlic and olive oil sauce) and add on a meat like shrimp, chicken, etc. I was told that I should just order something else. lame.On top of that the Crespelle was only ok. The sauce wasn't hearty or rich enough and I would get random bites where I would taste this strong sharp herb taste (not the basil). I'm not sure what that herb taste came from, but I didn't enjoy it.Dessert was the best part. They served us their doughnuts with caramel and blueberry sauce - so delicious! the doughnuts were hot from being freshly fried and covered with sugar. They also served us brownie bites which were very chocolate-y and rich and not dry.Noca, you get an A for effort, but I'm not dying to come back.p.s. - one of my friends ordered the grain salad, but it needed more flavor so she asked for balsalmic vinegar and was informed it would be an extra $1.50, weird....
5	Oh Noca. Let me count the ways I love thee. When it was Spring AZ Restaurant Week I had no hesitation about which place to make a reservation at. I had a girlfriend host a bachelorette party at this very restaurant a couple of years ago (coincidentally, also during Restaurant Week!) and remember being BLOWN away. I've raved to my husband since about it. We snagged reservations for one of the few nights we could make it and came down with an appetite and high expectations. And Noca certainly met, if not surpassed them. I'll break the food down by course. They started us off with an amuse bouche of deep fried risotto balls. It was fragrant with saffron and piping hot- so hot they warn you it's hot when it gets served to you. The only crime committed here is that I don't get a giant plateful of these crispy balls to nom to my heart's content. :P I also got the Nocarita, and am confessing to a growing love of smoky salt. There's nothing like taking a refreshing sip of cocktail and then a lick of smoky, salty flavor. So lovely. For our first course I got the heirloom tomato salad, whilst my husband got the meatball panino. Both were good, though perhaps a bit unmemorable. I do remember being impressed by my salad, more so than his meatball panino. I got the kurobuta pork loin for my entree, and my husband got the hangar steak for his. Both were exquisite- perfectly done. My pork loin was tender and the prioscuitto wrapped about it was awesome. I did like the spicy tomato jam, but remember that it was so overpowering in taste that I didn't eat my mashed potatoes with it. Simply because those potatoes were so damned good I wanted to savor them in all their creamy, silky, buttery glory. His steak was tender and juicy and perfectly beefy. The more I grow to enjoy steak the more I realize that a great steak really just stands on its own. No need for fancy sauces. Just salt and pepper and that lovely, juicy, tender beefiness. That's all you need. The roasted mushrooms made my inner hobbit want to burst out into song and dance. And again, dem mashed potatoes. Man. Now I'll have to say the desserts didn't read so impressively. I mean. Donuts and the Noca version of ho-ho's? Uh. Okay. But I chose the ho-ho, because I love chocolate, and my husband got the donuts, just so we could try both. And wow. Talk about simplicity executed perfectly. The donuts were fresh out of the fryer, crispy but not greasy, and perfectly fluffy on the inside. The dipping sauces were great. And my plain ol' ho-ho? Was this just dense, just soft enough chocolate cake enrobed with chocolate. it should be too rich but it wasn't. It should have been a bit too dry, like the hostess cakes. But it also wasn't. It was good enough that we started rhapsodizing about it with the couple dining next to us. Yeah. It was just that good. Needless to say, we'll be back for sure. Oh Noca, let me cout the ways I do love thee....
2	I had your fried chicken sandwich at the airport.  Needs some work.  Next time I'll try the beef you advertise.
3	I was very excited to come here.. but it was a disappointment. I really wanted to try the uni pasta but it was not available that day, instead we had the lobster spaghetti and the seafood pasta. The noodle was a little soft and soggy.
3	I will have to give a 3.5-star rating, more than 3 but not 4 yet, maybe because it was first try or due to the restaurant menu, or high expectation from all the good words,just wasn't impressed much....4 of us joined for dinner during restaurant week for the $30 pre-fixe menu and you could see there were many more of us just want to take this great offer! Didn't really remember the exact dished we had, but remembered the very refreshing green salad I had at the beginning, very tasty pork chop my friend had, and a decent plate of seafood stew, but also remembered some not so good of the lamb pasta. We all really enjoyed the little surprise basket of fresh blueberry cotton candy, that was not on the menu and it came out warm and sweet! Can we have some more, please??
4	(Lyrics - Shakira - Loca)I'm hungry all the timeJust to keep it funTo get you on like (Mmm!)Be careful amigoI'm writing and reviewing just to keep your appetite upYou'd die for pastaBut I'll start with drinks only, pleasesSigo tranquilaWhile I'm feasting in ArizonaSippin' my CoronaLike it's nothin' goin' onI ain't leavin' you aloneWhat is meant for meNo other boy will review itSo give it upAnd I'm Yelping, but you like it noca noca nocaYou like with some stars please noca noca nocaI'm Yelping but you like it noca noca nocaYelping but you like itnoca is located in the Northwest corner of 32nd St. and Camelback.  Kind of hidden, but this location seems like a hot spot for awesome restaurants (Central Bistro, Keegans, Delux, etc.)  noca is a seasonal restaurant which means their menus change like the 4 seasons.  Locally, purchase products allow them to seek the best to use at the time.  They've been awarded with several accolades from the culinary world so this is must visit being a foodie I am!My first impression was noca was a little quiet during the weekdays and I've never attended during the weekend.  However, giving this place 4 stars means I'll probably stop on by to check it out again!  I started to order the spaghetti, but later a friend told me it was just the spaghetti; no protein.  Weird I thought cause I was thinking it would come with meatballs or meat sauce at least.  So I changed on a whim with no problems to the lamb fettuccini.  Whole wheat pasta! Yeah, it's a rare thing to see, but I get it the world is treading towards healthy eating and so am I!  I thought overall my pasta was pretty good.  I don't eat a lot of pasta, but gotta say this one gets an A!  Creamy and saucy this fettuccini makes me want more, but gotta control the carb intake!  Dessert was served compliments of noca!  Triple brownie and fresh made donuts with raspberry sauce.  noca you make me loca and need to dance like Shakira to burn all this off.  Guess it helps with a badonkadonk butt! - Enjoy!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed everything I ate. Nice plate presentations. $$$.
2	Hub and I both liked the food taste-wise, but the portions are very small - so much so that it's off-putting, especially for the price. We'd rather go elsewhere to get same quality chow with bigger portions, and same price.
5	I came on a Sunday for the price fixe menu. I will simply say that it was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had, from the brilliant execution of flavor profiles, down to the superb food and wine knowledge of our server. And the moderate $35 dollar price of the menu is an exceptional value. Well done chef!
5	Very solid restaurant - great service.
5	So glad your back for dinner!! Went there last night which was their second night since reopening. The food and service were stellar. The entire staff is warm and welcoming. Like the updated look.
3	Good food way over priced & Extremely small portions. Spent $80 and had to go to applebees after to get more food! Not recommended if your actually hungry.
1	A record , waited 30 minutes for a vodka soda... Then it was flat. The replacement arrived at. 40 minutes. The menu is very very very short. We are now at 50 minutes awaiting our meal.
5	Just had their ramen burger, cauliflower soup and their fingerling potatoes and I'm leaving with a huge smile. Great food, creative whimsical dishes, and superb service.
3	First the positives.  They are friendly and flexible.  The foie gras and Panzanella were outstanding.  My flank steak was good, if not exceptional.  The disappointing part for me was that my wife and I came here three years ago and it was outstanding with the owner chasing us down in the parking lot afterwards to make sure that we had a great experience.  The problem with this restaurant is one of identity.  It prices itself like Elements or a Four Seasons restaurant and yet the cuisine is somewhat impoverished.  For example, the only seafood they had was Hake and Skate and the only meat was flank steak.  These are the cheapest cuts of seafood and meat you could find at the grocery store.  The other identity issue is that they bill themselves--or are billed--as quasi Italian.  We're an Italian family so we are rather picky about what is good Italian.  My one daughter couldn't get through her seafood pasta and the pomodoro sauce was so thick and pasty so as not to be enjoyable.  If they want to know how to prepare a pomodoro sauce go to Andreoli's and try Giovanni's.It feels like the restaurant is in transition.  We were surprised to hear that they had no desserts other than cookies.  To their credit, they brought out a piece of chocolate cake gratis for my wife because it was her birthday.  When we tasted it, it was so dry and bland.  I couldn't help thinking as I looked out the window that a waiter ran to Safeway's and picked up a slice from the bakery--i'd put money on it.We really like these people and hope they turn the restaurant into something special--something it was 3 years ago.
5	Great food better service. Had an issue with my sandwich and without asking manager comped the whole meal. Will be back!
5	I have been to nocawich 2 times and couldn't wait to try out noca for dinner.  Well, it sure did not disappoint!  We both started with the simple salad and simple, it was not!  It had almond croutons, cherries, and manchego cheese with a champagne vinaigrette - yummy!  My husband had the pork chop for his entree and he said it was the best pork chop he had ever tasted.  For my entree I had the appetizer portion of the scallops and the tagliatelle...heavenly.  The scallop was caramelized and cooked perfectly over a bed of cauliflower.  The pasta had asparagus and tasso ham with a sinful cheese sauce.  It was lick your plate good!  They actually don't have a dessert menu...they bring everyone complimentary cotton candy (grape flavor during our visit) and warm chocolate chip cookies - such a nice touch!I highly recommend this restaurant...it is a dining experience you won't soon forget.
4	Great experience tonight for their Sunday Simple Supper. 3-courses for $35 and they do fried chicken the last Sunday of the month.  I really enjoyed everything! Try the Nocahot fried chicken. Can't wait to go again! Excellent server too.
5	I won't deny that I'm typically a comfort-food guy, but Noca is where I go when I'm looking for haute cuisine.  Their menu constantly rotates and usually contains a half-dozen words that I've only heard on Chopped.  I check ahead on the website, especially since I don't eat pork, and there are hundreds of different names for pork.On Wednesday, I found the restaurant to be strangely empty.  We started with a glass of wine, a Belgian beer, and my first-ever Panzanella, an Italian bread salad.  The roasted vegetables, croutons, pecorino, and balsamic dressing meshed fantastically.  It was a real highlight, moreso than the squash chutney amuse bouche or the sliced bread served without butter or oil.  (I'm not complaining about these free items; they were tasty, but unspectacular.)We played it safe on the entrees, opting for skirt steak and striped bass.  The striped bass was absolutely perfectly cooked, and beautifully plated.  It was moist with a very crispy skin, and complemented well by rainbow carrots and a farro dish that resembled brown fried rice.  The marinated steak was sliced over smashed potatoes with straw mushrooms.  It was tender and delicious, but a little cold when it arrived.The service was fantastic, answering questions and never rushing us.  Along with the signature cotton candy (today's flavor was grape), they also threw in a glass of champagne and a cookie for each of us, since it was a special occasion.  Although the portion sizes are a little small, the price is reasonable, and the quality is top notch.  Noca did more than enough to retain its crown as my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.
2	Tried this place once because of their good reputation, but I don't think I'll be coming back. We came in for dinner and were not greeted by a hostess. I have worked in the restaurant industry before and I am totally fine if they are slammed and they can't get to you as soon as you walk in the door. No big deal. But then, after a full few minutes, I started to get annoyed. I asked a server if we could be seated and they pointed us in the direction of an empty table. We sat down with the menus I grabbed from the hostess stand and looked it over. It was different... I'm willing to try new things, but nothing really stood out to me. I picked a drink off the cocktail list and waited... and waited... and waited for a server to bring water or say hello or anything. Since nothing on the menu really grabbed me, my boyfriend and I decided to leave. I don't even think anyone noticed.
5	Our final foray into a new dining experience with Restaurant Week. We arrived to find noca in a strip mall. It is not a stand alone restaurant and it is a little on the small side but their food and service makes up for it. Our "greeter" would also be our waitress. I say waitress because we had 4 different "servers"...which was fine because it kept the transitions very smooth and seamless. the meal started with an amouse bouche (sp?) of carrot puree and walnuts. it was a quick taste of the great food about to be had! i started with the parsnip soup. it was creamy without being too rich. flavorful pecan halves were sprinkled on top to add some texture. for my entree, i had the oil poached cod. it came with seasoned couscous and some lightly grilled vegetables. my first bite came off as "good, but not overwhelming". but as i took my time and tried not to wolf the meal down (working on actually enjoying food vs functional eating all the time, the fish seemed to taste more flavorful. it was very soft but the al dente couscous added some crunch and the subtle flavor of the oil started to really soak in. after the meal, we were treated to a heaping bowl of grape cotton candy-can't remember when i last had fresh cotton candy. then had the real desert: 2 warm and cinnamon/sugar coated mini donuts with a small vanilla milk shake "shot". absolute deliciously divine. our water glasses were kept full and we were tended to just the right amount. don't let the strip mall locale fool you...noca's food is fantastic.
4	Great salads. Very filling. And super waitstaff.
5	This was my first time back after the "renovation." To be honest, I am not sure what changed. The interior looks the same to me. I am happy to report that the food, wine list, and service remain outstanding. With the change in chef I wasn't sure what to expect. I think it helps that they really do focus on the quality of the ingredients. I had the panzanella salad and duck confit. The confit came with a perfectly textured soft boiled egg. I love a good soft boiled egg, so was in heaven. They also still have the cotton candy, though I declined the offer on this particular visit because I was already full after my two courses.
4	I love the menu.  And, especially love the service and relaxed atmosphere.
4	Have eaten here twice and both times thought the meal was great but just not worth the price.  The second time we had a Groupon but still ended up spending like $150 for two people. For that much money, my expectations go up and the whole experience does not live up to the price tag.  It is in a Safeway Plaza, and the place is a bit barebones.  The service is fine but it is not a fine dining experience. I would say there are other better places to spend your money. With that said, they have a Sunday special menu with lower pricing.
1	This review is not about the quality of food, as you will see, I did not have an opportunity to try it. This is from Wednesday, July 23rd.I came across Noca on the NewTimes website listing them as one of the best pizzerias in the city. Intrigued, I looked online and found they were open. I was excited to take my girlfriend out for a nice dinner, we had not had the chance to do this in a while due to the hectic schedule we both work under. So, after driving down the road (incidentally, I live just a few minutes away), parking in the overcrowded lot and walking up to the door, I discover a paper sign posted on the door stating they are closed for dinner for the month of July.....What?First of all, I have never heard of a restaurant that shuts down for only ONE shift for any period of time, let alone a full month. Second, this is not posted anywhere on their website, leading to, I'm sure, many potential customers such as myself to drive over and be turned away by a paper sign. This lacks professionalism and just exudes arrogance. Maybe you do have a great pizza. Maybe you are one of the best in the area, but I wouldn't know. I understand that maybe the lunch crowd is their money maker, but who leaves a paper note on the door to tell their customers they are closed for dinner for a full month? Post something online, change your hours listed on your yelp page, do something.So, I instead went to Federal Pizza on Central just North of Camelback, and they were amazing. Even for dinner rush, the wait was no longer than 10 minutes, the pizza was  amazing to say the least, and the service was fantastic. Maybe it seemed so much better because of the disappointment I felt at Noca, but they definitely exceeded my expectations. I won't be going to Noca any time in the near future.
5	We went for lunch and had a duck confit sandwich on a fresh baguette ($12) and a Noca chop sandwich ($10). Both Top quality with the salad being probably the best I've ever tasted in Phoenix. Lunch prices are much more reasonable than dinner but its a tad more casual...smaller menu, you order at the counter, water in plastic glasses. But this is definitely worth trying. For a dollar or two more than chain restaurants or 'brands' you can have an expertly cooked and presented food sensation! BTW they are closed for dinner throughout July.
1	Made a reservation, drove down from North Scottsdale (in a storm) and they're closed! Taken off our list. So unprofessional. If you're closed then don't accept reservations online.
5	I have visited Noca twice now, both times for their Nocawich sandwiches. The first time I got the "The Groucho"  (Duck Confit, Cracklin, Walnut Pesto, Arugula, Demi-Baguette). Really good and really unique. The last time I went back I got "The Dixie" (Fried Chicken Breast, Fried Farm Egg, Kurobuta Sausage Gravy, Blis Maple Biscuits). Let me tell you that was one of the best things I have ever eaten, just delicious. I got the potato salad on the side, also delicious. I would certainly recommend this place to anyone. Each day offers a different special sandwich, and a unique burger as well.
4	This is review is for Nocawhich not Noca.  It's Noca's lunch menu open Tues - Sat I think. Very casual, you order up front and they bring it to you.  I had the best salad I've had since living in Phoenix and I'm pretty serious about my salads. My husband had  had the duck confit sandwich which he raved about. There's only about 5 or 6 things on the menu but there are additional specials each day.  Price ranges from $9-$12 or there about.  We will definitely try Noca for dinner as I've heard great things from friends.
1	Went to eat here tonight. It is closed for business it is no longer open. I was pretty bummed as the food looks amazing
