4	I like Sierra Bonita because it's something different. They present a new take on what is typically cheese drenched, heavy Mexican food in Phoenix's north central corridor for a healthier, more upscale version. Good for a date or, even better, the perfect place to bring Mom to let her know you took some of her nutritional babble to heart and are eating at places like this in your young adulthood. There are good specialty drinks like mojitos and cadillac margaritas and the beer selection is nothing to shake a stick at, either.
4	This place is super cute and have wonderful food.  There are a few things that stand out on this menu...one of them being the wonderful Pinot Nior's that they offer...and the 2nd, is the guacamole.  I know, I know...not the best pairing in the world, but when a girl needs a glass of vino, there are worse things in the world to pair with! ;)Great Carne Asada (my man's favorite) and I LOVE the Green Chile Posole.  Good amount of spice and isn't too hot, if you're not a spicy girl like me!  It's super cute inside and we love going during the week, there's rarely a wait!
4	I love osso bucco, they have really good mexi-style osso bucco, so I love them.  I prefer to sit on the patio or in the bar.  But keep in mind, parking sucks if you go on a busy night.
4	Sierra bonita rocks! I love their bacon wrapped shrimp (everything is better wrapped in bacon). Their green chili pozole is awesome and has just the right amount of heat. The buttermilk chicken is juicy tender and I have to hold myself back from licking the gravy off my plate. And their Sangria is awesome, not too sweet, perfect blend of wine and brandy..mMMMmmmmHmmm!
4	Love, Love, Love Sierra Bonita Grill. Very unassuming restaurant at the Southeast Corner of 7th Street and Glendale Avenue. The food is incredible, with many dishes leaning towards the Southwestern and Mexican influences that are prevalent here in the Phoenix Metro Area. I personally can't live with out the Carne Asada Dinner. The skirt steak is seasoned and cooked to perfection, the traditional beans and rice are wonderful supports, and the fresh tortillas and guacamole make the dish a masterpiece. For appetizers, the spinach and oxaca cheese quesadilla is great, the hand-hacked guacamole and salsa that comes with fresh warm chips is a can't miss, and the margaritas are perfect. Sierra Bonita is owned by the same proprietor as Phoenix City Grill, and is a excellent complement to the Valley scene and the the 7th Street corridor.
3	I felt like I was missing something here.  Perhaps as a vegetarian, though one who eats seafood occasionally, I didn't find enough on the menu that I could eat.  The salad with strawberries and blue cheese was fine, but I could get something like that anywhere.The margarita was passable, nothing special. The corn tamale was the highlight of my meal -- I wanted the chilaquiles, but for some reason they couldn't be made without meat (sounds like the sauce was premade in a big vat that morning).  If I'd ordered about three of the tamales I might have given Sierra Bonita 4 stars.I might still have gone with 4 stars because my waitress was excellent, but when the buttermilk pie, which is incredibly sugary and rich so split it two or three ways, came out and one of the raspberries used as garnish was moldy...yuck. I walked out of this place thinking 2 stars, but on reflection am giving it three for the tamale and the good service.
3	There ain't much for vegetarians here. Fortunately I eat fish, but if didn't, I suppose I could have had... what, a salad? Of course I can get a salad anywhere, so that ain't sayin' much. The food was pretty good, nothing mind-blowing but not bad by any means. My group snacked on a variety of appetizers - ahi tacos, carne tacos and quesadillas. Ahi tacos were pretty tasty, and contained quite the generous helping of ahi. About the size of a chicken breast, actually. Quite impressive. I don't eat meat, so I didn't try the carne tacos, but my friends said they were pretty good. And the quesadillas, well, they were pretty good too, but not enough cheese to qualify as quesadillas in my opinion. My biggest problem with this place, aside from from the lackluster service, was the lack of veggie options. I mean, come on people, almost every other Mexican restaurant in the  valley at least has mushroom or spinach enchiladas on the menu. Would it kill you to put something on a plate you didn't have to kill? Not judging, just saying..
3	I used to love this place, but the last few times service has been kind of lame, and the food just is'nt what it was... has a really strange vibe as well...
4	Helping a friend move the last remnants out of his swanky bachelor pad... and he turned me onto this gem. Apparently owned by the same people who do PHX City Grille, about which I've heard very mixed and non-exciting feedback.BUT...I loved this place. Had instant charm. The rustic but clean and modernish decor, the friendly staff and attentive service had me before the food.  And a patio. Goddamit I want a patio like this in my neighborhood.Knowing how much I love to cook and knowing what a foodie I am, Greggy seemed a little concerned that I would be underwhelmed.Then the dishes came out and that concern was put to rest. Was my first trip, so I had to try the Posole as a benchmark - lean chunks of tasty pork, perfectly firm hominy. Nice thinnish broth. The cabbage and lime was a perfect topper. My culinary companion got a dish with a chicken stuffed blue corn tortilla, a buncha yummy stuff on top and topped with a fried egg (check my pics)! Very good. Not knock your socks off gourmet or "muy autentico homemade at gramma's house". But quality, flavorful stuff. Lots of choices. Lots of specials. Excited to work my way through the menu.If I lived in the area, I'd be a regular.
3	So Mr. Hottie and I were grabbing a quick lunch. The place I wanted to go was closed on Mondays. So after thinking a bit, he suggested trying Sierra Bonita. We walked into a Southwestern style restaurant complete with all the typical decorations. We were seated in a booth and our drink order was taken. We were left to review the menu. I was happy that they had dinner and lunch specials that were not offered on the regular menu. I chose one of the specials which was a pasta made with scallops and sauteed brussel sprouts, and sauteed cherry tomatoes. The food did take quite a while to come out. Considering we were about the 3rd or 4th occupied table in the entire place, the kitchen was very slow. When the food was served, it looked great! I took a bite of my pasta. The noodles (thin spaghetti) were a little too al dente. I love al dente pasta, but those noodles could have used maybe 3-4 more minutes of boiling. The dish was great other than the slightly undercooked pasta. It was a nice, light dish with great flavor! The scallops were cooked perfectly and tasted fresh and sweet. The sprouts and tomatoes were sauteed well. They still had the freshness and burst of flavor and were not overcooked to a mush. Mr. Hottie enjoyed his 5 Chile Spiced Chicken Sandwich. I stole a bite. The chicken was very well seasoned and the pesto mayo lent a lot of flavor to the sandwich.On our way out, I noticed the cute patio with a fireplace. I think I would like to arrange a possible UYE to see what everyone else thinks of this place. I look forward to trying Sierra Bonita's other offerings, and maybe awarding another star!
3	Set aside my three star rating for a moment.   The atmosphere of the Sierra Bonita Grill gets 5 stars in my book!  It's a cute little "cantina"-like atmosphere with the dark hardwood throughout.  It's very unassuming.The service we had on our first visit was outstanding and I have to say we were a challenging group.   The waitress did a great job managing a group of 20 -- all orders came out together, no mistakes, and drinks were filled consistently.  It was all very impressive.The food was good too, but here's where my disappointment begins.   I ordered a green chile cheeseburger.  The burger was way overcooked and, while I understand the spice of the green chiles is a personal taste, there really was no flavor to the green chiles.A friend of mine ordered the Carne Asada which was seasoned and grilled to perfection.  And another friend ordered Green Chile Pozole (which I think may be seasonal on the menu) which flavoral - I've never had green chile Pozole so it was a first for me.  I think I'll give this place another try!
4	Just dined at Sierra Bonita again, and felt the need to jot a few notes.First, Liz has been my server the last three times I've been there.  Keep up the good work, and note to manangement:  Keep Liz!  but you already know that.  she has the rare ability to make you feel well attended to, yet doesn't overdo it.  she has a genuine unfaked warmth and remembers everyone's names!today I tried the green corn tamale appetizer and the Five Spice Chicken sandwich, with a side salad.  the tamale is very good, hearty, moist and flavorful with a green chile sauce.  it is much better than its boring tex-mex counterpart you'd get at your typical Mexican place.  the sandwich is a very flavorful, marinated chicken breast, seared to crispiness, with bacon and some Mexican cheese over the top, with a flavored mayo not only adding a lot of savor to the sandwich but keeping it moist as well.  I'm too full to finish it but finish it I do, because it's that tasty.Try Sierra Bonita, you'll be glad you did.
3	Food 4 starsParking 1 starAtmosphere 4 starsClose to my pad 5 starsHow else do you fine tune the star system? But let's focus on food which gets a high rating. Guests and I only had appetizers and drinks last night, so we'll focus on that.Guacamole Dip with Chips:  Pura Vida....the pure life. Let the "Guac" talk, pure and simple, just right, not too much onion, garlic very well spiced and a healthy portion served with 3 yum-liscious salsas. I liked the green one.Quesadillas   I was expecting the usual flour tortillas and cheese but no. These were absolutely delightful! Corn not flour, lightly stuffed with two types of cheese, spinach and served with 3 salsas. I loved them and hogged them by eating 2 of the 3 on the plate.We sat outdoors and it was a bit chilly but there was a fireplace and it made things pleasant. Atmosphere is great there. Best part....friends picked up the tab! All the best
4	I just need to weigh in on this place. I have been going there since it opened. In the beginning I was very surprised to find the main reason I like it so much. They do great fish! I love well prepared, original fresh fish. From that stand point it sucks that I live in the desert. I don't drive too far on week nights and I'm in Central Phoenix so I was thrilled to have a new spot when they opened. Imagine my enthusiasm when I discovered great fish dishes at the new "cowboy grill". They change nightly and I have probably eaten every fish dish  that they have offered. I have even tried the trout which, given that I don't like trout, is very, very good. I have only had bad service once but it wasn't horrible and that server didn't last long. The sangria is absolutely delectable (especially if Miguel pours it) and it is a great price during happy hour. The management is super friendly and we always leave happy. They switch their specials around frequently so I never get bored.
5	I cant believe Sierra hasn't gotten more 5stars (Lauren, how dare you?) This place is great. Strong drinks, good wine, Kiltlifter on tap. No joke, I like every appetizer,but honey child, it dont stop there. Azteca soup? BOMB. Yummy burgers, carna asada, and so many of my friends favorite, buttermilk chicken with mashed sweet potatoes! I tired scallops for the first time at this place, and was not disappointed, i crave them all the time now.Everyone who works here is friendly and very helpful. I always sit at the bar, (cause I'm that kind of people,) and I notice that there are always alot of regulars who keep coming back ,which is a good sign. I work down the street from the restaurant, and whenever a client ask where to go for lunch,dinner, or happy hour I only, and always, suggest Sierra Bonita.
4	I only go there for happy hour--$2 beer and half off small plates and apps make it one of the better (and cheaper) HHs in the North-Central corridor.
5	I LOVE Sierra Bonita! Here is my list of reasons to love this place: 1. Happy Hour- 1/2 off apps and awesome drink specials 2.  Mini Quesadillas. I am addicted to these things!! I had never had huitlacoche (a fungus that grows on ears of corn) until now. Try them, you will not be disappointed! The bacon wrapped shrimp are awesome as well. Honestly, there is nothing that I have had here that I did not like. 3. Great drinks! The sangria is very tasty and Kenny's margaritas are the among the best I've ever had. 4. Fabulous patio complete with cozy fireplace. I wish I could open my slider door and walk out to this everyday. The inside is dimly lit and intimate; great for a date night or an evening with friends. 5. The hottest server in the Valley works there- Kelton!  If you show up and Kelton is not working, leave immediately!!  I say this with a disclaimer- the absolute hottest server, my Nico, did work there, but sadly for many Valley women, quit some time ago.  So Kelton, the title now belongs to you my friend.6.  The service is supreme!  When we aren't honored with Kelton's presence, we are treated to great service by Julie, Kenny, Nate and all the other great  peeps at SB.We frequent Sierra Bonita almost weekly and for good reasons.  If you have wanted to try it and haven't, I encourage you to go this weekend!  This place will soon be your home away from home...it's certainly ours!
4	I've had consistently good stuff here. Frankly, I usually shun "Mexican" places that are anything but traditional, and consider "southwestern" style as death knell for my tastebuds... but Sierra Bonita has overcome all that. Items I really like are the guacamole (very chunky avocado), fish tacos, bacon wrapped beef (they had achieved the elusive goal of getting the bacon crispy without overcooking the shrimp), the pork lion enchiladas (offered sometimes as specials) and burgers. No culinary breakthroughs here, but always pleasing. My colleague commented that his pork enchiladas were $11, came with no sides, and still left him hungry. While I think prices are reasonable for the quality, those with a large appetite may be looking at $15.00 or more for a meal.
5	...ok this is a continuation of my search for a decent HH after being sorely disappointed in Dicks Hideaway. The HH iat Sierra Bonita fit the bill perfectly ...my husband and I decided to give Kenny's "special" margarita a try. Good Lord...that was a GREAT drink and only $6.00 in a big glass. All of their specialty margaritas are $6.00 along with $2.00 domestic bottles... specials on draft and well drink and they have a couple of wines on special as well. All of their appetizers are 1/2 price and you can easily make a meal out of them. Kenny and Miguel are great bartenders and the bar is full of regulars that they know by first name. If you decide to stick around for dinner their fish specials are alway a favorite of mine and my husband loves their carne asada. Nate the owner was busy smoking a brisket outside that smelled divine and will be todays lunch special.....mmmmm......we will be back!!!
5	Tried SBG last weekend for brunch and have been thinking about that meal ever since. Two words come to mind: absolutely delicious. Started off with an agua fresca (pineapple-mint), an iced tea and the mini quesadillas. The quesadillas were a fabulous start to the meal; followed that with the veggie omelet. OMG that thing was huge! Inside there was a delicious mix of calabacitas, veggies and cheese. The veggie hash that was served alongside was a great compliment. My dining partner had the huevos rancheros and loved it as it wasn't served the traditional way. SBG uses fried tortillas as the base and loads them up with eggs, guac, etc. making a sort of "huevos tostada" so to speak. Anyways, definitely worth checking out sometime if you haven't stopped in yet!
5	Good food, some really good...  Very cool place.  Outstanding buttermilk pie for dessert.  I've heard the brunch is great, but haven't been yet, but will soon.  Had a great green chili burger the other day.
5	Wow! OK. I already love this place and the people that work there but now, now there is BRUNCH. Yes, there was brunch before, but not this brunch. The new menu selections made my stomach roar as I tried to narrow down my choices. My dining companion had no problem though.He zeroed in on the Verde Vaqueros with scrambled eggs. As if biscuits and gravy aren't a good enough concept on their own. These things are huge. Beer batted biscuits with green chilies and a marvelous loft. Smothered in a decadent sausage gravy. I had to have a bite. Then OK., another bite. I could never eat this big of a plate in the morning but if you like lots of great food to get you going on the weekend this is the ticket. I had the vegetable omelet and it was fabulous. A beautiful mixture of grilled seasonal vegetables and just enough wonderful cheese to hold it all together. Not heavy, not greasy, nice and light but bursting with fresh summer flavor and plenty of food. It was served with a great roasted root vegetable side that was much tastier than your run of the mill has browns.The service was attentive and friendly as always. I also suggest the sangria if you are looking for a little hair-of-the-dog. It goes good with the south western flavors of the cuisine. I can't wait until my next Sunday morning visit so I can work my way through the entire brunch menu. I am wanting to try out the chocolate almond muffin. Will definitely have to ride my bike there to make up for it.This is a neighborhood gem that is worth the drive from any where. I just happen to have it in my neighborhood! Thanks Sierra.
5	I know I love a place when I immediately start planning my next visit and  planning who I am bringing there, when I am walking to the parking lot.  For my dear good friend's birthday  I wanted to bring her somewhere  she would find memorable.  And the night was. From the moment we walked up the aromas engaged the senses. We all smiled at each other knowing we had come to the right place.  The hostess was very friendly, nice and picked up that we were celebrating a bday. She even remembered the birthday as we walked out , nice touch.  We were seated promptly and quickly got drinks and chips with guacamole started . The guacamole was super yummy and hit the spot and  chips were fresh. After much deliberation we all ended up ordering the same thing --  buttermilk chicken .  I had remembered Iain 's description and I  wanted to try it .  It did not disappoint . Moist, unique tasting , like a fried chicken but not . It tasted like something a really hip Texas grandma might make if she had gone to culinary school.  The sauce served along was over top yummy. Served with it was a generous  peppered mashed sweet potato which was good but was a bit too peppery in some tastes .  I would love it again just toned down a smidgen.  The waitress brought a nice chocolate  brownieish "cup" with ice cream for the birthday girl . Sweet.Just a note that parking can be tricky , you may have to park on the street o drive around to find a spot. But it's so worth it.
5	I can't believe I didn't try Sierra Bonita sooner, it was just a great place to have lunch today!  You knew it was going to be good before you even got served anything because of the great attention to details.  Phenomenally clean, not so much as a stray tortilla chip on the floor.  And, this is probably just me, but the washroom has good smelling soap (I absolutely loathe when places use the cheap ass pink junk).The guacamole (though nine dollars) was quite good, it came accompanied by a trio of salsas which were also good.  I had citrus grilled chicken with garlic mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables, my buddy had the five spice chicken sandwich with some nice crispy fries.  There was not a loser in the bunch, everything was cooked perfectly and very flavorful.I'll definitely go here again, though the steep prices make happy hour that much more appealing.  And $2 beers too!!  :)
4	When growing up I loved to watch TV.  I was the chubby kid so going outside and playing wasn't much in my vocabulary as I was always taken away to a fantasyland of programming that would appeal to me so.  Inevitably you'd see reruns of all the beloved favorites, I Dream of Jeanie, Bewitched and Wild Wild West.  But there was one rerun that really caught my eye, Bonanza.  It's not that I liked Westerns or anything like that; it was because I loved looking at the cast.  Those tight jeans clad Cartwright brothers were the dreams of young raging hormones and many afternoons of happy time.  After happy time I would always be ready for something to eat.  Food would almost certainly ease the loneliness of growing up the chubby kid, where is that wall of man Hoss Cartwright when a kid needs a hug?  I know where he was at; probably back up at the ranch house making something to eat! Sierra Bonita Grill, it's like that ranch house.  Low hanging ceilings with exposed wooden rafters and a wonderfully smoky just used fireplace smell, you'd think those Cartwright brothers would saunter in at any moment. Sierra Bonita is the sister restaurant of the fantastic Phoenix City Grille, which also seems to pay homage to Arizona and the old west with its styling and menu selections.  Sierra is just more into the cowboy thing with the sort of cowboy chic and down home friendliness but not enough to be cheesy and contrived.  Outdoors there is a wonderfully cozy patio area for complete with fans for the warmer evenings.  I'm looking forward to cooler temperatures later this year so I can bask in the glowing heat of their gorgeous fireplace. There isn't much of a better way to get settled into your evening than with one of Sierra Bonita Fresh Squeezed Margaritas ($8).  These tart and heavily liquored versions will take the edge off of any bad day you might have been having.  I make a mean margarita at home so when I say I love these margaritas it really means a whole lot, it's the fresh juice!   After easing into your margarita, looking over the menu will be more of a challenge since everything sounds pretty good.  Like those Cartwright brothers, they sure make them big at Sierra Bonita. The portions are pretty large so be warned when ordering, big eaters will rejoice as I did when the first plates went down. Fresh seems to be more of a way of life than simply a word.  The Guacamole ($9) embodies the word in its wonderful bright green color and just smashed taste.  If you've never had fresh guacamole before this version is a great way to bust your cherry, so to speak.  The accompanied 3 salsas were all very flavorful including a roasted chile flecked smoky salsa, a fresh chopped pico de gallo and a tangy tomatillo.  The large salty thick cut tortilla chips were sturdy and crisp enough to hold up to scooping chunks of avocado and tomato, scrumptious. Mini Quesadillas ($7) are a plate of 3 small corn tortillas filled with spinach, cheese and huitlacoche.  The huitlacoche aka corn smut, is actually a fungus that grows on corn and is widely viewed as a delicacy, I think you either love or hate it.  The taste is earthy in a good mushroom kind of way but can tend to be slightly pungent.  In the case of the quesadillas, the flavor was indeed earthy and meshed very well with the other flavors.  Instead of salsa with the quesadilla, they have chosen to serve a delicious black bean and hominy relish.  It's the little choices that seem to make a difference when we're talking about food. Tacos seem to be on pretty much every menu these days.  They are simple, tasty and easy to make, however all aren't created the same way.  Take the Carne Asada Tacos ($10) for example; the beef is prime and extremely tender though the real difference is the use of pesto mayo, salsa fresca, shredded cabbage and penela cheese for an interesting play on flavors. When I took my first bite of the Buttermilk Chicken ($17) I was taken back to the time of being a kid and loving my mothers cooking.  Generously seasoned and sublimely tender this is some great chicken.  They lightly pan fry it then finish it in the oven so it's ever so lightly crispy but ever so heavenly.  Included is a pile of mashed sweet potatoes and asparagus spears all slathered in cracked peppercorn gravy just dreamy.   What's a cowboy place without something sweet to finish it all off?  Naturally there is Bread Pudding ($6) but the Buttermilk Pie ($7) seemed like the most unusual choice.  This gamble paid of in spades, the pie was choice! The texture reminded me of a cross between cheesecake and flan with the flavor being something like the later.  The pie is wadding in a pool of caramel sauce that tasted house made and with being so sweet, is meant to be shared.  One bite of the flaky crust and that may not happen.If you ever have a hunkin' hankerin' for some down home cowboy chow, Sierra Bonita Grill will induce a feeling like happy time with the Cartwright brothers.
4	Roasted red chile pork somethingGreat musical variety, including Willie Nelson and local boy Glen Campbell
2	Mediocre - best thing that happened to them was Richardson's fire, perhaps they can get over flow from Dick's while Rich Brown rebuilds. The place is decent inside, has a patio where you can't smoke and a bar and more parking than you would think given the awkward lot it was shoehorned into. My issues are food and service. Food is average & inconsistent and service is typically light on attention to detail. God forbid you go in for a late dinner. They bang stuff around, move chairs and stare while you are trying to finish. If you f8ckers want to close at 8, do it, but change the sign on the door and stop taking orders at 7.
4	Went back last night and had the pork tenderloin. WOW. Chocolate espresso rubbed pork with a vanilla reduction. Try this dish, it is awesome!
5	5 stars for the fanfuckingtastic bread pudding. I crave this stuff on a daily basis. I'll update more when the fat girl inside of me decides she wants to dine in instead of only call out for desserts.
5	We were staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak.  Had a long chat the concierge about the local restaurants.  My favorite North Phoenix restaurants happened to be the same is his (Hana for Sushi, etc).  We wanted top notch meat but are very picky. We refuse to eat grain fed or medicated meat.  He was excited to tell us about Sierra Bonita.  Grass fed, local beef, exceptional flavor, tex-mex etc.  It is a definite top of list choice for anyone visiting Phoneix.  Close to Biltmore and the Pointe hotels.  Close to Downtown.  Everything was excellent.  Service, Food, appetizers, cocktails. Desert-  Bread pudding and chocolate something to die for.
4	Never had a bad meal. Just this week had the halibut ceviche special and as always the best guacamole (especially if you like garlic). The green chile stew was good, although I would have liked a bit more kick. Dined in the patio for the first time and it was great atmosphere. However it was a bit humid. Still a great experience.
5	I've been here twice for brunch and it's great! My carnivorous son got the steak and eggs and it looked pretty high quality. My girl likes the Chilaquiles and I've enjoyed the vegetarian omelet and I totally vouch for the Huevos Rancheros.I'm excited to head there for lunch or dinner to try the margaritas and something that's not on the brunch menu.
4	Just had dinner with my husband, my parents, and my in-laws last night! We were fortunate to have dinner in there wine cellar in the basement. It was very intimate with all the wine bottles around our table and candles lit around the room. Four of us ordered the famous Chocolate Espresso rubbed pork tenderloin which definitely lived up to its reputation. Very flavorful and savory! My mother ordered the Buttermilk Chicken with sweet potatoes and it was a great down home cooking, stick to your ribs dish that you would remember from home. The green chile stew was my husbands favorite. It had a slight kick to it, but was very tender with the perfect blend of spices. Our server was fantastic and had great wine and menu recommendations. Which we followed and were not disappointed. If you are looking for authentic Southwestern cuisine this is the place!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Had the buttermilk fried chicken with the mashed sweet potatoes and asparagus and it is to die for. Comfort food for sure. Not too crazy about their brunch menu because you must order off of that and not the regular menu. Their guacamole and warm chips are also a yummy must! This is a great place to take out of town guests because there is nothing like it anywhere else.
5	Had a great meal here with friends on a Saturday night.I was in town for a chiropractic conference and went to this restaurant with about eight of my friends for dinner one Saturday night. It's always a bonus in my experience when you can get a good-sized table and have great service. The other good thing about this group of friends as they tend to share what they ordered off the menu, so we all get to get a taste of various meals.Jalapenos that we got during appetizers were amazing, and I was quite happy with the margaritas I got served. Meat was spectacular and everything I tasted off of other's plates was worthy of a return trip.Parking wasn't an issue, staff was exceptionally friendly and attentive to our table, and the general manager stopped by to check on us and make sure we were having a great evening, which indeed we were.I'm looking forward to in other conference nearby just so we can eat there again.
5	I can't believe this place wasn't on my radar before. My boyfriend and I ate there last night and I have no reservations about giving Sierra Bonita a 5 star rating. Great food-check;Great service-check;Great ambience-check; Great margaritas-check; and Great value-check!I am a quasi (ha ha..will eat fish on occasion..) vegetarian and my boyfriend is not- so I can sometimes be a pain in the butt to dine with. I had previewed the menu online so I knew there would be some good veggie options for me and for my boyfriend it was a no-brainer-saw that there would be plenty of choices for him.We both ordered the House Fresh Squeezed Margaritas which were really good, not to mention they came in a surprisingly big glass.I ordered the Simple Salad (which my bf pointed out wasn't simple)-loaded w/ veggies and topped with roasted anaheim peppers and the Vegetable Tacos which had grilled portabellos, calabicitas, and onion on corn tortillas. The vegetables were perfectly grilled and so fresh-very perfect. (There is nothing worse than overcooked veggies-so I was stoked!) Both items I ordered were great and would order again.My boyfriend ordered the Carne Asado Tacos which he really loved and the Green Chile Pozole which he also thought was fantastic. (His mom use to make Pozole growing up so he was a hard-sell, and this soup surpassed his expectations.)One other thing I would like to mention, my order had come outincorrectly as I had asked for the Pesto Mayo that comes with the Veg tacos on the side. They had the mayo on the tacos... Instead of the customary eyeroll both the busser and the server were extremely gracious and apologetic and got the order out quickly. Wonderful dining experience and we will be back soon!
4	We selected this place for a Saturday evening after reading other reviews. It was a terrific event. Parking could be a little tight, but an employee (with flashlight) was there to assist. We had some Mojitos (not bad, but not the best ever). The food was fabulous. We narrowed down an appetizer to three possibilities. Our attentive waiter recommended the guacamole. Good choice! We ordered the buttermilk chicken and carne asada, so I got to sample a little of both. I couldn't tell you which one was better. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a regular at this place.
5	A JUMBO Shrimp with cheese wrapped in bacon. I wish I was eating it right now. Oh yeah. and all their other food is great too. I love this place.
5	i have eten at Sierra Bonita several times.  The food is ALWAYS consistent, and some of the best eating in Phoenix.  The atmosphere is amazing and service is always top notch.  SB has figured out how to be a great neighborhood restaurant with world class food.  The style is southwestern with Mexico City influences - truly amazing.
4	Good stuff.  I thought the prices were a LIL bit high for the grub.  But overall...GREAT atmosphere.  Tasty food.  Good portions.  No complaints.
3	Great experience. Had the buttermilk chicken and mashed sweet potatoes. Yummy. The sierra bonita salad is one of the best salads I've had in a long time. Only two complaints. You couldn't taste any of the goat cheese in the chili pepper appetizer. We ordered it because we love goat cheese, so that was a bit of a miss. The other complaint was that our server lacked a personality or any real customer service skill. She didn't mention the specials and we had to ask for a dessert menu. Fortunately for her, without any encouragement we ended up getting one of the specials and a dessert.
4	Went here for lunch today. If the guys I was riding with didnt point it out I think I would have missed it. Its right on the corner of 7th street and glendale just shy of the light. We ordered the guacamole/chips appetizer and it was very good. It was gone within minutes...I had the green chili burger since I have never had one. I know Im a native and I have never tried this before? Whhhaaaa? It was very good. Everything was cooker perfectly and tasty. I do like green chilis so this was just something I had to jump in and try. Around the table we had the mahi mahi tacos, and the suaza enchilladas, and a cup of the azteca soup. Everything came out good and everyone liked what they ate.Waitresses were on the spot. Originally I thought they kept checking us out, but unfortunately they were after refills on our drinks. You can see their heads pop up and stare over at the table for a minute... It was kind of amusing for a few minutes... Someone told me this place is owned by the Phoenix City grill as well. ..I would go back again. It was about $60 with tax/tip/drink for 3 at lunch.
1	My experience with Sierra Bonita Grill today has inspired me to sign up for a yelp account so I can forewarn others about planning a party at this establishment. I have been using Yelp for years but never felt motivated enough to actually get an account until today. About 1 1/2 weeks ago a friend and I were enjoying happy hour and I thought, hey they have a great patio I should do my going away happy hour here. I have lived in the Valley for 13 years and wanted a low key place in mid-town to see my friends one last time. I spoke with the hostess who said the manager would give me a call to finalize the details. A week and a helf went by... no call. After I had posted this location on facebook, and had 20 RSVPs, I called Sierra Bonita and spoke with a manager (who shall remain nameless but if I were the owner I would fire).  This is when I was informed that in order to use the patio you need to spend $600. That's a lot of happy hour drinks! I said that I could not guarantee this. I asked if a group of people just came to happy hour with out a reservation, and we did not have the patio exclusively for us is that was ok. This is when I was told that I would still have to pay the $600 to use the patio. I was told, and I quote, "Well most people don't show up in a group that big and if they did we would not allow you to come in". WTF???? I then asked, "So you would rather have an empty patio on a Friday night, than have 20 people who would be buying food and drinks for 2 hours?" I was then told that if we showed up in a group that big with no reservation, we would be turned away!!! I then said kindly "Ok, thank you. I think I will choose another location for my party." I know there are lots of options in Phoenix for happy hour, and although Sierra Bonita does not want our patronage, any other location would be welcoming...In this economy I cannot believe that a small independently owned establishment would turn away a group of 20+.
4	I am new to the Phoenix area and when my parents flew in for a visit, I was desperately looking on Yelp for someplace close by to take them to for dinner. Boy were the reviews on this place right!We had a LOVELY dinner, were treated wonderfully by the staff, and 2 of us ordered that evening's special, were so impressed with the dish, the chef himself came out and talked to us, and gave us the recipe! (which we then tried to recreate that weekend at home)The lighting was a little dark, but didn't take away from the experience at all. Decorated with Western art, excellent staff, reasonable prices, great specials, and a good variety on the menu.
3	Came in at lunchtime, first thing very noisy! Margarita was good if you want tacos go to filobertos . Enjoyed the carne asada lunch bit was lacking that certain something overall good service food was good but not fantastic
5	Visited on a Tuesday night at the end of June - place was pretty packed for a Tuesday.  I had the North Central Chicken, which is apparently a new menu item and wonderful.  Almost like a spicy BBQ sauce on the chicken and some sort of corn/green chile sauce that was fantasic.  The corn was cut off the cob and you could tell it was super fresh.  Came with mashed red potatoes.  The smaller portion option was a perfect amount of food.  Paired with a glass of white wine, a perfect hot summer meal that I didn't have to cook!  Oh - and you have to get the guacamole.  I don't think you can eat a meal there without having the guacamole first.
5	Went back for Happy Hour last week.. It was so much better than I remember, and the service was fantastic! The half priced appetizers at happy hour really hit the spot, and the guacamole was first rate... we will put this back on our rotation for sure.
4	Met a friend here for dinner.  I had been here once before when it first opened and had not been back since.  What a great menu, so many pork choices that I was overwhelmed and trying to hide my drool.  I asked the waitress to help me choose which pork dish would satisfy my carnivorous craving and she pointed me to the tenderloin.  I have to admit at first the description with chocolate espresso rub and vanilla bean butter sauce sounded a bit too fussy for me but she did not steer me wrong.  It was very good and I like that they do not give you too much food, well portioned.  Including some dishes offer a full or half-size order.We topped of our wonderful conversation with some chocolate dessert, Mexican Chocolate Torte.  I loved it.  My friend ate the ice cream being that I don't eat dairy and she said it was good.
1	Oh boy,,, I was so so excited to try this place. I guess I should know better than to have my hopes up, eh but you live an learn right. So I will spare you the gore like details and sum it all up for you,, with a line from Billy Madison.."Don't go,,, Stay as long as you can!"Bad food, Bad service, and I'm outie 5000
3	Came here for a Saturday brunch. This place had some pretty incredible dishes. Very unique mixture of classic American brunch items and the Southwestern influence. This place I could see would be a great neighborhood gathering place. It's not pretentious in anyway, and if I lived in Phoenix, I could see myself here a couple of times a month. I ordered the Cowboy hash and it did not disappoint. It was a rather large dish and If I had not come in starving there definitely would have been leftovers. I really enjoyed the vegetables in the dish and of course the fried eggs on top were a great addition. Nothing better than runny yolk over a smattering of vegetables and chorizo. I tried my friends Azteca soup as well and wished I would ordered it myself! I doubt I would have had room though in my stomach.
2	Really just okay.  From the reviews I expected something great.  The bacon wrapped shrimp was over cooked and very chewy, the peppers were good (not a lot of flavor, but good).  The carne asada was not that great, meat was tough and they gave us only 1 stale tortilla. The service was awful! Matt was anything but welcoming, I felt like I was imposing on him to even be there.
5	Yelp leads me to another hot spot.  1st course:Sizzlin'  Peppers:Jalapenos stuffed with panela cheese, goat cheese and Menonita cheeseSo good yet so simple.  The variety of cheeses were great flavor to the grilled jalapeno.2nd course:Sergio's Pork Tenderloin:Chocolate-espresso rubbed served with vegetables and roasted potatoes. Finished with a vanilla bean serrano butter sauceThis was due to the high reviews from other yelpers and I thank you because it was amazing.  The sauce was great and complimented the veggies and pork so well.  The tenderloin was cooked perfectly fork tender and the chocolate-espresso rub was a nice flavor.3rd course:Croissant Bread PuddingJack Daniels whiskey lime / caramel sauceI was looking for a reason to be full and not order dessert but one specific review was just due to this dessert so I had to try it.  It was a different twist to bread pudding due to the pastry vs. soaked bread but it was tender and tasted wonderful.  I totally recommend it.  Overall Sierra Bonita grill was a great restaurant and I will totally be coming back for happy hour as they have appetizer discounts and drink specials.
5	I love their regular menu, but their Sunday Brunch is the reason I head to Sierra Bonita. My favorite is the Buttermilk Chicken if its a regular night. If you go for brunch, please try the Atole Pinon Hotcakes. You will not be disappointed. They have a great sweetness without being overpowering. Perfect!
4	All i can say is DELICIOUS!! Everything i have had here is so good. they have a great selection of drinks and a variety of menu items for what ever you may be in the mood for. you cant beat their happy hour of 1/2 off apps and drink specials. their jalapeno app is amazing. the bartender makes great drinks including the "Kenny Margarita" this is to die for. it states on the menu "limit is two" that should give you an idea of how potent they are. the service is always friendly and quick. I recently went for dinner and had their carne asada entree and it became my new favorite thing on the menu!!
4	I was FINALLY able to sit down and enjoy a meal here, and while the food didn't *quite* live up to my longstanding high expectations (um, have you tried their bread pudding?), it was good enough.We started with the Guacamole and Sizzlin Peppers; the guacamole was flavorful with a hint of spice, but the accompanying salsas didn't so much compare. That's okay though, the guacamole was plentiful. The Sizzlin' Peppers were delish. So simple and understated yet SO good. A nice alternative to your standard deep fried peppers, these were grilled and stuffed with a three cheese variety that complimented the peppers wonderfully. Not to mention, the peppers were fiery hot...what a nice surprise for a girl who likes her heat. My husband ordered the Sangria, which wasn't overly sweet (bonus!). It was a large glass and a deal at $7. For entrees my husband ordered the Vegetarian sandwich sans portobello (why must all vegetarian sandwiches/wraps/entrees fall into the same realm of grilled vegetables? I make some mean vegetarian dishes at home that go way beyond the portobello). It arrived with the mushroom, no biggie, he just took it off. Otherwise it was a solid win: crusty ciabatta, melted jalapeno jack cheese, grilled grey squash and asparagus, finished with a pesto spread and balsamic reduction. The sandwich also came with a side of green chile posole (that I made him order), and while it was good, I was expecting a bit more spiciness and flavor. I ordered the North Central Chicken, served with a red chile glaze, roasted poblano creamed corn, grilled asparagus, and house mashed potatoes. The chicken itself was just okay. It was grilled perfectly, however I found the chile glaze to be overly sweet and taste more like barbeque sauce. The poblano creamed corn and house mashed potatoes were tasty, and the asparagus was nicely grilled as well. Of course we ordered the bread pudding for dessert (and ordered an extra to go, for our babysitters) and while I ate half at the restaurant and planned on eating the remainder for breakfast the next morning, I couldn't help myself and quickly ate the rest upon returning home. I am telling you - SO GOOD. Probably to die for.All in all, it was a nice experience. The service was okay; our server wasn't the "friendliest" so to say, but that's fine with me. Our drinks never went unfilled and our food arrived in a timely manner. While I much prefer the Southwestern cuisine from Rokerij or Dick's, I'll definitely be returning here for the bread pudding time and time again.
5	This restaurant is the bomb.   We had an awesome meal.  Didn't care for waiting 30 minutes to get a table, but it was well worth it.   We will definitely be back for more!!!
5	Amazing!  We arrived 15 minutes before they opened and the host happily opened the door, got us seated and invited us to water and a menu while the kitchen finished setting up.  The wait staff is fantastic!  Friendly, knowledgable and patient.Food was amazing!  I had the pozole and it was out of this world with flavor.  My friend had Cowboy Hash and was in love!  We had to order a side of the biscuits and gravy (a special order - not the full order just 2 biscuits and gravy - the waitress was friendly and accommodating!).Since it was Sunday morning . . . we were daring and had the bloody Mary's!  OMG!  Very tasty - not all tomato juice or spicy - just perfectly flavored!We'll be back again this week!  Spread the word about this local gem!!!
2	I can handle bad service on a busy night... I can deal with bad service when the wait staff is new... I can deal with it when the place first opens... but when the place is dead and the waiter has been around for a while.... (record scratch) turn down the Katy Perry music... I get mad! The food was AWESOME and I love the ambiance at Sierra Bonita but the Waiter could have cared less that we were there. I have news for him and the other employees he was sitting with when we left... NOT IN THIS ECONOMY buddy! I'll go back because of the other reviews and I did enjoy the food but no thanks to our waiter.
4	Sierra Bonita has an absolutely killer happy hour.  You can get yourself  an amazingly strong Pomegranate margarita and a sampling of some of the tastiest (and cheapest) appetizers around town.  The scallops and bacon wrapped shrimp and divine, and the tamale is one of the best in the valley.  The restaurant has a great dark and cozy feel... perfect for a date night out.  The outdoor patio is well shaded, and is one of my favorite spots to sit.  They also have a couple of fantastic private rooms on the lower level, if you need that kind of thing.Though this is a frequent happy hour stop for me, I haven't actually had dinner there... I should probably check out the main menu and enjoy Sierra Bonita in all its glory!
4	I recently went to Sierra Bonita for a really delicious brunch. I've been in the mood lately for biscuits and gravy and this place made my afternoon with a fantastic southwestern version named Verde Vaqueros. The salty sausage gravy was just about perfect and generously poured over each biscuit. The biscuits were also served with some scrambled eggs and a couple strips of bacon that were light and tasted very fresh. I also got to try the guacamole, tamale app and a few bites of the stacked enchiladas. They were all very very good. The guac was a perfect blend of ripe avocados, diced onion, cilantro and a little lime juice; the serving size wasn't to shabby either. The tamale app was just a single tamale, so I wouldn't recommend it to anyone that is really hungry and would like to spend $5 more wisely. Finally, the enchilada... It was wonderful and with a fried egg nest on top, it was perfecto. The chicken, the tortillas, the beans and the cheese came together to make an excellent southwestern flavor.Sierra Bonita was great for brunch and I'm excited to go back at another time of day to hopefully have a similar experience.
3	I have to give Sierra Bonita a series of third and fourth chances because really and truly, I want to love it.  People that I love and respect love it.  I love the people working there.  I love the potent margaritas.  I adore the decor.  And the menu is sexy and inviting.  But...I blatantly, completely order wrong when I come here.  To the point that I decided that I might actually hate it.  Like get up and leave mid-bite.  My $16 Cowboy Stew was flavorless and sad - like church potluck beef stew with hominy and soggy fried parsnips as an afterthought.  A sea bass special was described with such a litany of delicious adjectives (saffron, chorizo, porcini mushrooms and poblanos) that one would think that the food would literally sing.  No dice - it tasted like absolutely nothing.  As in not a single taste sensation whatsover - I think I have food in my mouth but I'm not sure...What the heck, Sierra Bonita?  This was approved as a special?At subsequent visits, I've had the carne asada (toothsome) and the red chile pork (flavorful and tender) and have felt a little better about the place.  Like 3 stars as opposed to 2.  But I don't want you to be just a bunch of hype - I want every single dish on your menu to be a winner so that I can visit your establishment fortnightly (with friends in tow), order fearlessly, and love you forever.  Can you make that happen?
5	Amazing food. The vegetarian mini tacos are to live for! And if you aren't vegetarian, the buttermilk chicken melts in your mouth. Great service depends on what server you get. 5 + stars for the food, 4 stars for the service (the best server works at the bar most nights, I can't recall his name, sorry!)
4	So we went here for lunch and was happpy,. I did not even expect to eat here but we saw it on the way to another place and decided to try it out. The inside is a cozy new Mexico western kinda feel to it. We had the pork dish we had is unreal. Smoked pork, rice and beans, and a couple tortillas. This dish made this a 4 star review rather than a 3 star. The girlfriend and I decided to split that and a sandwich. We tried the turkey sandwich and it was just OK, came with fries. On the turkey sandwich it came with pablano peppers which sounded good but it was one really big pepper and it was to thick for the sandwich. Mabey if they cut it into smaller pieces we would have liked it better. The waitstaff and host were very friendly and the prices are good. Lunch specials for as cheap as $10 and somethings ranging in the $20 area. I want to come here for happy hour, and that pork dish. This place is worth a try for sure!
5	The food is awesome!!!!  Love the buttermilk chicken and mashed sweet potatoes!  One of the best places to eat in Phoenix!
4	Really delicious.  Not your typical Mexican fare.  I love that you can actually get huetlacoche, not that many places actually carry it.  The guacamole is freshly made and there is attention to detail here.  They will accomodate minor changes but I usually don't finding myself needing to.  The chess pie by the way is really tasty for dessert if you still have room.
1	DO NOT GO HERE.  Service is none at all.  The manager and staffdo not care about the customers, they forget about them after they are seated.  They do not acknowledge people when they show up, and when the customers leave they do not bother to ask them what happened at all.WE my husband and other people would like to let the world know aboutnot going here to eat at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Delish!  Can't say enough about their BUTTERMILK PIE!  Yum!
4	I eat here once or twice a month. Never been disappointed by the food or the service. The place is on the smaller side and more intimate than most restaurants. Appetizers I have had and recommend: Stuffed Jalapenos Enchiladas Verde-I typically eat this as an entree Lighter fare: Burgers are good Cowboy stew was good and comforting Main Meals Buttermilk Chicken with sweet potato mash-excellent Red Chili over rice and beans-nice Central Chicken was very nice Desserts Buttermilk pie-worth going for by itself Bread Pudding-Best in the Valley hands down Chocolate Souffle-nicely done, has a little chili in it for a nice kick Service: Typically all have been excellent Kelton is the perfect mix of friendly but not overpowering The place is very casual and friendly in feel. Someplace you can drop in for a nice meal and not break the bank. Better food that the Roaring Fork at a fraction of the price and much friendlier.
5	Even though it has been a couple of months since I first visited Sierra Bonita- my meal is still fresh on my mind, I cannot wait to go back!I started my meal with the green corn tamale-amazing! Seriously, I could of eaten 5 of these. The sauce made the whole experience. I followed it up with the Atole Pinon Hotcakes and was not disappointed.  The hotcake was lighter than I thought it would be but full of flavor. The husband the swordfish which was a catch of the day special. Our service was prompt and the atmosphere allowed us to occupy a table for an extended period of time and catch up with friends in between bites.
4	Great food. Great ambiance. I met my parents and fiance for dinner here after work. We had missed happy hour but still indulged in the margaritas ($8) and wine as well as appetizers. The stuffed peppers and guacamole were delicious. So simple, so good. I've had "upscale" Mexican food at other restaurants (ones that try to turn burritos and quesadillas into 5 courses) and this is actually a great example of what upscale Mexican food should be. It isn't just tacos and burritos, but if that is what you are in the mood for, they have it. Everyone at my table had something different, Buttermilk Chicken, North Central Chicken, Sergio's Pork Tenderloin (espresso chocolate rubbed :) ) and the Chicken Enchiladas. It was all delicious and we all loved ours but my personal favs were Sergio's Pork Tenderloin and the Chicken Enchiladas. Yum Yum. My meal, the Chicken Enchiladas was technically an appetizer but it was SO much food, overflowing with sauce and cheese, I don't know how you would split this as an app and my recommendation is take it as an entree. We also finished the meal with the famous bread pudding which is made using a croissant base rather than regular bread. Yes, this helps explain why it is so fantastic. Only negative on the evening was the house wine ended up being $13/glass (and no we didn't have just one). I had looked over the wine list before ordering my marg (good choice) and they had glasses starting at $6 so it is surprising the house wine was over twice that. Maybe the waitress hustled us. Overall, besides that little blemish, service was very good even with the place bustling on a Tuesday evening. Parking--I wasn't fortunate enough to make it in the parking lot, but the street did the job fine and wasn't more than a minute walk. Will definitely be again (and we recommend reviewing the wine list before ordering :)  If your going to spend $13/glass, it may as well be something you love)
5	Happy Hour, Happy Hour, Happy Hour! I cannot stress this point enough! A friend and I got 5 appetizers, 2 sangrias, and a slice of buttermilk pie for $35! Menu highlights: The chips and guacamole: This appetizer comes with three side salsas and a big helping of the smoothest guac ever! The chips are perfect as well! Buttermilk Pie: You will die when you taste this, I literally want to lick the plate after I've finished the pie. The mac and cheese (the actual name escapes me): Green chili cheese and noodles, need I say more? Sangria: I consider myself a bit of a sangria connoisseur, and they have some of the best I've tasted. The atmosphere isn't bad with the dim lighting and all, but I could do without all the Arizona nature porn on the wall. But for cowboy chic food what can you expect?
4	Bumped into John Shadegg here Friday night, but this is still a reputable restaurant. The southwest cuisine has some zip and is broadly well executed. Table service is efficient,  but can be cool.   Dinner entrees and specials lean pricey, so I usually go for a green chile burger with a side of Azteca soup.  Conventional, but both elements are sizable, delicious and a relative steal at $11. The burger is a half pound of chuck, well dressed with a spongy roll. The soup is a spicy chicken tortilla variation with some subtle hints.  It's a satisfying plate for about the cost of my wife's 4 oz glass of vino. If they had interesting beer on draught, like a really nice IPA, and more charming servers, this might be five star territory.p.s. - sunday brunch is not a buffet, but the menu's inventive, elegant and delicious. Recommended.
4	My first time here from a groupon and really enjoyed an elegant mexican meal with a southwester twist....service was just okay, but at least willing.
2	I'm going to do a 2 for 1 review. I went here last Friday for lunch and had the steak sandwich special and it was really good. So I thought why not go back today for lunch. I ordered the guacamole burger and my lunch date ordered the beef stew. First they served me a moldy piece of lettuce on the burger and the burger tasted like shit. Second the beef stew looked and was actually worse than dog food. The meat was so tough that when I tried it it took me at least a minute to swallow one piece. So I guess this place is gonna be one of those hit or miss type restaurants. If the food was more consistent I would probably eat here at least once a week, now I'll probably avoid Sierra Bonita like the plague. $40 for lunch and crap food is unacceptable!!!
5	Everything on the menu is great. Southwest Cobb is the best.
5	I'd driven by this place a few times and wanted to try it.  When my adorable uncle and his partner came to town, I jumped at the chance to give it a go.I made a reservation on opentable (it being a Friday night and all) and was glad I did.  The parking lot was full and people were milling about out front.  We were sat right away.  The place seems a little small but has a great layout and decor.  The menu was small and unique.  I can't remember what everyone had but my uncle had a dish with an espresso and vanilla bean sauce on the protein.  It sounded weird but he raved over it.  I had the pork loin and cleaned my plate.  We started out with guac and when we ran out of chips, they offered more.  For dessert, the chocolate torte was super yummy.  The gelato trio was good too.I'm so happy to live near such a great restaurant!  We'd been having really bad luck with restaurants lately...thank you to Sierra Bonita for breaking the streak!
5	Probably one of my favorite places in town to eat.  I have been here 75+ times over the years and have never once had a single bad experience.  Buttermilk Chicken with sweet potatoes is out of this world.
4	I was in here this week to meet a client for lunch.The pozole to start was great.  Fantastic flavors and plenty of chunks of meat.  I was talking so much I didn't get a chance to finish it which was a bummer.The smoked turkey club was delicious as well.  Turkey breast, green chiles and bacon.  Yum. Yum. Yum.This cute place really impressed me!
5	I had the Southwest Cobb Salad again. It was just delicious. My only suggestion is to have them mix the ingredients. I am sure the presentation would not be as nice but I think it would be easier to eat. I had it mixed today. I prefer it unmixed. I am sure it is psychological but it tastes better without mixing it together.
5	Great place to go for lunch or happy hour.  The place is always packed and has a nice atmosphere where you feel like you can kind of tuck away into a booth for private conversation...OR you can sit up closer by the bar where more of the action is.  I had the delicious jalapeno appetizer and the even better mac&cheese meal.  The owner is a great guy too.
4	Only been there once but I loved it. I'll be going back to try more of the menu.
5	Have been back a few times since this post and this restaurant is still one of my faves...I got to experience their brunch menu for the first time a couple of weeks ago...and...wow! My veggie omelette was delicious as was my boyfriend's meal-the breakfast enchiladas..we split a glass of wine because I believe brunch isn't brunch without a little alchohol and it was a generous pour/split...keep doin' yo thing Sierra Bonita!
5	This place is hands down my favorite family restaurant! The Pork Ossu Buco is amazing, the meat falls off the bone. The buttermilk chicken is the perfect blend of sweet potatoes, gravy and chicken. Not to mention they have a cool bar and a great patio. They have plenty of margaritas and Mexican beers to choose from, my favorite is the "Margarita Chingon" made by Kenny. Nobody in the neighborhood can beat this place, nobody!!
4	You like beef, chorizo, cheese, and eggs? Well, you can get all of them rolled into a single package at Sierra Bonita. The SBG Signature burger is off the hook good. The classic tasty of a burger mixed with the distinctive flavor of chorizo. The fries were nice and crispy as well.Vibe was good, portions were good, and the service was fast and friendly. Check it out....
4	went here for dinner Saturday night - was the least crowded I've ever seen it and got right in for a late bite. Delicious trout. That's right - trout. It was yummy and healthy.
5	This is a place we will return to frequently!  Met some friends here on a Friday afternoon and were easily seated for dinner on the patio.  Thought it might be too hot at 5:30Pm, but the patio is chilled....probably with evap.  It was perfectly comfortable.  We both started with margaritas...of course!  Jeannie slurped down her pomegranate margarita and my house version was well received.  Guacamole was our natural choice and we it was a good start to an enjoyable meal.The fish tacos were some of the best we have ever had ( Jeannie shared hers with me:) and I went with the $12 smoked red chile pork roast. If I could have picked up my plate and licked all of the pork and chile residue off it, I would have!The menu promises lots of tasty return visits. Course, more margaritas will have to be part of the experience.As an important side note, the service here was fantastic! Everyone was super attentive.  This place seems to be working on all cylinders
4	I visited a couple of times without being terribly impressed - the prices are pretty high compared to similar restaurants in the area.  But then I discovered their carne asada taco, and now I can't wait to go back.  There really are no words for how good it is.
5	Sierra Bonita scored another big hit with my husband and I last night. Couldn't have been more perfect, from the hostess greeting us, updating us about our reservation status, making she knew where we were, etc. Bartender makes a perfect martini, and our favorite waiter recommended a new, very good wine. My husband tried the Sea Bass special, with tiny pieces of sausage, apples, roast corn and green beans; the fish melted in your mouth. I had Sergio's Roast Pork Loin which is rubbed with a Chocolate-Espresso blend and served on a light vanilla reduced butter sauce, with spinach and roasted baby potatoes. Now I see what everyone's been talking about. Nate the owner is a perfect manager, socializing with the guests at the right moment while keeping one eye on everything going on around him. I hope this restaurant is here for many years to come because it's my favorite in all of metropolitan Phoenix.
4	The insider scoop is they have Happy Hour 7 days a week. Yes, even on Sundays. Hoegarden on tap and on special. The jalapeno poppers are very unique and are a MUST. They come on like a cool molten hot fajita cast iron skillet thing....just get em.
5	New happy hour menu is delicious! Lots of new items that only offered from 3-6pm. But you can't get it on the weekends so make sure you find time during your week to check out the new menu!! Beers on tap always changing and always good!! Good job Sierra!
4	Nothing here that will make your tongue tingle with spice.  However I'm updating my update simply to rave about the crossaint bread pudding.  Oh my goodnes, is this incredible.  I love bread pudding and bread pudding made from crossaints is beyond decadent.  (For those of you who visit Luci's try the Wicked Bread pudding which is a great take hom option).  This time I made a meal of small starters.  Scallops were delicious in a bed of quinoa salad (could have used a little more oomph on the salad but good).  The green chili mac and cheese is delicious although I would have preferred more spice.  The huitlacoche quesadillas are delcious and filling.  Overall, a solid four stars.
2	I was pretty disappointed with this place.   The service was just alright and in general, i felt like it was overpriced for the food that i got.   I know they're trying to do some sort of "mexican fusion", but it wasn't really mexican or fusion.   I felt like for the price of the entrees, they should at least give you bread or chips as an appetizer.  The filet was more like prime rib and the flavors were pretty dull.The one good point of the restaurant was the drinks. They had awesome mixed drinks and the bar atmosphere was nice.
4	I've been to Sierra Bonita a couple times in the past, but most recently last week for lunch. My bro & dad go here once a week for lunch & I happened to join them on their weekly visit. They both ordered the smoked turkey club sandwich, 1 with a side of beans & 1 with a side of asparagus. I opted for the buttermilk chicken which comes with sides of mashed chipotle sweet potatoes & asparagus. My dad & bro enjoyed their sandwiches & all was devoured. My chicken & sides were very tasty & at a smaller lunch portion I almost cleaned my plate. I can't comment on the total since I didn't foot the bill, but I believe it was under $50, including drinks but not including tip.
4	A friend and I dined at Sierra Bonita Friday afternoon for Happy Hour based on a recommendation.  The atmosphere is casual southwest, somewhat cozy given the restaurant is smaller with lower ceilings.  A nice atmosphere for sure.  Parking is tight.  We sat at the bar and ordered off the Happy Hour menu.  The Happy Hour menu is reasonably priced at $6 per item.  The Fried Avocado w/Ceviche was was good but the Sonoran Hot Dog was my favorite along with the Sope de Chicharron which was also very good.  Happy Hour drinks are reasonably priced and the service was great.  I will go back for sure.
5	It's been a while since we dined at SBG and decided we will not wait so long between visits. The food is consistently delicious and the staff is friendly and attentive, but not hovering. We started with a round of drinks (nice variety of options) and an appetizer of the bacon wrapped shrimp - beautifully presently and perfect portion size for a party of four. All of the entree's were wonderful. The burgers are huge, juicy and cooked to perfections. The Smoked Red Chile Pork Roast garnered 5 stars in and of itself as did the chocolate-espresso rubbed pork tenderloin. Yum! The red chile glazed chicken was also a hit. All of the dishes are wonderfully prepared and pleasantly presented.SBG used to be owned by the same owners of Phoenix City Grille. Great to find out that the split didn't impact the quality of food or service. If you've been thinking about trying SBG, don't hesitate. You will not be disappointed.
4	Labor Day was my first visit to SBG. First impressions are big for me and walking in the door I was very impressed! The look and feel of the bar and restaurant is very inviting, well designed and very comfortable. We met another couple there who had never been as well. Two of us had the Pork Osso Bucco , another had the steak special and the other the trout. Everyone agreed the food was wonderful! Two of us are into dessert so we tried the croissant bread pudding. OMG! Out of this world good! We will definately be back to SBG! The only reason for the 4 instead of 5 stars was the server didn't greet us very timely, I think the host staff didn;t inform her she had a table. After she got started though the service was excellent! The Martinis were awesome as well!! ;-)
5	This is seriously one of my favorite restaurants of all time. I've been many times and it's always fabulous. I LOVE their Mahi Mahi Tacos - they are so good! I also highly recommend the Pork Osco Bucco, Smoked Red Chile Pork Roast, and the Cowboy Beef Stew. The nightly specials are often very creative and delicious. This place is also good for Sunday brunch. Good bartender too - drinks are never too weak.
4	Came here for a friend's birthday dinner and we had a large group of 12.  They were able to accommodate us in a timely manner.  The waitress was even willing to split the bill! The food was pretty good.  I had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken.  It was flavorful but could have been a little crispier.  I had a tasted of other people's dishes and it was pretty good.  Definitely will be back.
2	I have been to this restaurant many, many times, esp. since I have the Passport Unlimited card, which gives me the two/one deals.  I've taken out-of-town guests there as well as I've gone with family and friends.  This place cannot be beat.  It isn't what I would consider a Mexican food restaurant, which is what I like about it.    I have never been disappointed in any of the dishes I've tried.  The wait staff is friendly and professional.  The ambience is perfect in the fact one can actually have a conversation without having to talk louder over the din of other diners.
4	SBG is a great place to have unique food and super Margaritas! We have been going since the first week it was open. I have had two larger parties down stairs. It is very private and they will dedicate servers for your party. Prices are med to expensive, so bring your money if you want to have a blow out! Try the Buttermilk Pie it's to die for!
5	Highly recommend. This is a great local eatery!The bar is fun and lively, its a great place to come with or without the kids. The food is an excellent interpretation of great south western cuisine. Service is spot on by a team of young fresh pros.....Cant wait til we visit next.
5	This restaurant is always my first choice when my husband says, "Don't cook.  Let's go out.". I always have the carne asada tacos.  I believe they are the best in town.  Sierra Bonita is so comfortable!
2	My wife and I usually have a nice time here, but last night was a mess.  So much so I wanted to contact the owner but couldn't even find a way to contact anyone on their Web Site. We would probably go back because of the food, but definitely not the service.  It started off with a long wait when there were empty tables, I get it no reservation.  Then we are seated for over 10 minutes to get water, another 10 to get our drinks.  We order, the server was knowledgable, however after a long wait our food arrived, they had forgotten our appetizer.  We were given a free desert, so I will call that even.  When we got the bill it was correct, however, when we got the credit card receipt it was for someone else's table ( 3 times our bill).  That was quickly corrected and when I went to the greeter for some reassurance that the $173 card was not going to appear on our CC statement, she attempted to direct us to the bartender, which at that point I just wanted to leave and not deal with another person.  Anyone of these "incidents" alone is not a big deal but in concert along with a server that kept referring to me as "brother" and a greeter that calls my wife and I "guys" (I am not stuffy, however, unearned familiarity along with poor service is a bad combination) made for an overall poor experience on a rare night out without the kids.
4	Wonderful! My friends in Phoenix had not tried this spot but it was close and the menu looked good.The wine list is impressive: Peter Franus, Caduceus (AZ winery owned by Tool lead singer Maynard Keenan), Orin Swift and DeLille! I had a glass of Peter Franus cab, recently well rated by Wine Spectator. I think the waiter thought i Was a bit weird when I went on about how great the list was. :)For dinner, I had the North Central Chicken, grilled red chile glazed chicken  with roasted poblano creamed corn, mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus. The meal was delicious. I wouldn't have expected that mashed potatoes would pair well with the chile glaze but the chili flavor was mild. My only regret was that I had to leave Phoenix with only one meal at Sierra Bonita - I'll be back.
2	I feel bad giving this restaurant only 2 stars, but my experience here was not as positive as the previous reviewers. We sat at the bar and was admiring the atmosphere. It was warm and cozy and I can tell there were a lot of regulars, like a southwestern version of "Cheers", where everybody knows your name. Across the way, a few staff members took a shot with a "regular" laughing and just having a good ol' time. So back to my 2 stars, the service was great; it was the food that was lacking. My husband and I shared the sizzlin' peppers, which the cheese slid right off of the pepper. The peppers and cheese had no taste to them. My husbands chicken enchiladas was bland too. The texture of the chicken was moist, it just didn't have any flavor at all. I had the signature burger which had a mixture of beef and chorizo on ciabatta bun w/ cheese, green pepper and a fried egg. The description made me salivate, but to my dismay, the whole thing feel apart and the fries tasted like a bag of frozen fries from Costco (I'm not knockin' Costco, but I'd enjoy at home, not at a restaurant). I think a burger should be judged by how it can stick together too, but maybe that's just me. The actual meat patty was tasty, but the whole thing was just a mess and I couldn't enjoy it. Tried it the next day as leftovers, which validated my disappointment. It also made me realize, the pepper had no flavor and the beef was the only thing that was tasty. I wanted to like this place, but will not be going back. :(
5	First of all I cant believe I haven't review Sierra Bonita yet. Our family loves this place! The buttermilk chicken is always a crowd pleaser so is their signature salad, so yum! The past Sunday I hosted a baby shower in their private rooms. PEOPLE LISTEN UP if you need an event space they do not charge a room fee or make you meet a minimum!!! AMAZING! Nate the owner, Maria the event coordinator and Michelle our waitress were all just fabulous! When I had a minor freak out that the linens were going to be tan and not white Maria pulled some strings and at no extra cost to me had white linens for my event! The food was fabulous, all the guests enjoyed their meals. We went during the brunch. And for 16 people with nonalcoholic drinks, tax AND tip my bill was only $280!! That's a damn deal folks!!! I encourage you to not only go here for dinner but host any party you might want some privacy and exceptional service! P.S. the private rooms are underground and your guests get to ride down via elevator, so it kinda makes it really cool!
4	I love Sierra Boninta Grill as much as I love warm jammies out of the dryer.  It's a staple in my family.  Good wine selection and fabulous food.  My friend and I enjoyed our lunch next to the roaring fireplace.  Service has never let us down.  This place is small but lovely and cozy.  Get the Buttermilk Chicken and thank me later.
5	Mmmmm.... I love Sierra Bonita! Just a great restaurant with a carefully thought-out menu and great service. Their weekend brunch is amazing.
4	Good food. Quesadilla with huitlacoche, Oaxacan pork, rubbed in chocolate and spices, guacamole made in a mocajete, and coriander rubbed mahi mahi tacos.
4	I'm just back from my 1st trip to SBG and I have to say I'm impressed.  A word of warning tho, it's not really all that Mexican.  It's more South West which is fine with me.  There are plenty of good Mexican places but finding a good SW restuarant in Phx can be a challenge.  We started with the Green Chile Tamale appetizer which was topped with chunks of seasoned roast pork and fresh salsa.  For an entree' I had the Pan Seared Red Trout which was served on a bed of green beans with fresh spinach, and fire roasted tomatos & peppers.  The it was all covered with some magical sauce that makes it all come alive in your mouth.  My companion had the North Central Chicken which had a glaze that's very close to a molle' and served with mashed potatos and asparagras.  We topped it off with Butter Milk Pie which takes sweet to a whole new level.All this and 2 drinks for less than $60 and excellent service.  Let me be clear, there's nothing here that really wows me, but it's a big step up from every Mexican/SW chain in town.  We'll be back!
5	Great meal- love the private dinning room down stairs. Great guac burger. Starters a must.
5	My mother and I eat here on a weekly basis, and it's the first place we think to take any friends when they come to town. There isn't one thing on the menu I wouldn't recommend, but the Buttermilk Chicken is incredible, lick-your-plate good, and the Azteca soup is staple in my diet. They are also VERY vegan/vegetarian friendly and are willing to make you whatever you need. My mother is a vegan and regularly orders a variety of delicious items. The kitchen NEVER serves boring steamed vegetables and the waitresses never simply direct her to a salad. Sometimes, her little inventions are my personal favorites!Make sure to hit the place up on the weekend, when the roll out a fantastic and unique brunch menu.Whatever you do, get yourself a never-ending plate of chips, guacamole, and salsa.
4	Gotta give this place lots of props for creating an awesome atmosphere in which to dine. We had drinks and appetizers on the enclosed patio. The low light in the patio and the bar area is downright sexy. Nice place for some intimate one on one time with someone special. I'd actually come here once before for hangover brunch so I was less intent at that time at observing the atmosphere.Our appetizers were just chips and guac and bacon wrapped shrimp which was AWESOME and came with three sauces. My date had two or three martinis-these martinis which she ordered dirty. These martinis were not dirty...they were FILTHY. Fortunately for Sierra Bonita we moved on with a shred of composure still intact and wreaked havoc at another bar.I really enjoyed my visit here. The atmosphere is really awesome, the food is great and our servers, who are probably two of the nicest, coolest guys you will ever meet, were awesome and helped make our night special.If you haven't already, check this place out.
5	I'm on my way there for my birthday dinner with my son. I've been coming to this place since before it was open. Look, this place is family...Nate the guy who runs the place has made it family. One of the things that tells me I'm in a very well run business is to see long tenured employees. And that's just you'll find with people like Maria and Miguel (managers) and many others. I've literally watched young people start as Parking people...and move to busing...then to waiter...and on to Bar. Over years the core staff has changed very little. You like a clean place? Me too...it's spotless. You like atmosphere? Me too. You have your choice of 5 distinct environments...booth, table, patio, bar and private dinning. And let me assure you, the staff will take care of you. For some reason from time to people talk about this not being a Mexican place. Well, good for them--because it's not. It's Southwest which is a unique cuisine. It's not Tex-Mex, either. The name Sierra Bonita is the name of the ranch in Arizona that's still family owned...they happen to get their meat there whenever possible. Now, when I say family...I also mean family friendly...that's a hallmark of a Nate run place.  Not just kid friendly but teen friendly and senior friendly and every age in between. As to the food? I've sampled a lot of dishes here. I like them all. My faves happen to be from the appetizer list, the burgers and the from the specials on the chalk board posted outside. Keep in mind that this is a warm and friendly place...that is fully staffed included a Food R&D person. The menu does change. They are constantly seeking to do better. As to the private rooms? Look, if you need a venue, just ask to go downstairs and look...then ask about pricing...don't be surprised if your jaw drops in surprise at how affordable it all is...and just how NICE the dinning rooms are. OK, I'm a Norm here, this is my place and my son's and a number of other people I introduced to it...so, make your personal discount accordingly....BUT do try it...just once.
2	On the weekends this place gets packed so make a reservation.  My wife and me ordered a app, soup and an entree.  Got the guac that was tasty but small portion.  Then we were served the entree. When asked about the posole soup we had ordered they said they'd have it right out.  Was almost done with the entree by the time it came. The waiter said he would be right back with the cabbage and lime that was supposed to be with the soup. Well it never came until we asked 2 other times. Horrible service-props for tasty food.
5	I am most definitely a fan.My friend was taking me out to dinner the other night and it was my choice.  I have been to Sierra Bonita a long time ago and I remember that I loved my experience there before.This time it was just as memorable.  For starters we had the bacon wrapped shrimp.  Oh boy was that pleasure in my mouth! I had the buttermilk chicken with the side of mashed chipotle sweet potatoes.  It was amazing....and I made sure I left room for dessert!  I told myself I would only have a bite of the bread pudding and save the rest for later.  Yeah....that didn't happen.  I devoured that amazing dessert with spectacular speed.  I can't wait to go back to try something new!!!
4	High quality, tasty food.  Loved the house salad.  My guest raved about his beef dish.
4	Brunch? I had no idea they served brunch! I can't remember the name of the brunch item I ordered, but I've been trying to emulate it at home without success ever since. Anyway, it involved two fried corn tortillas smothered with refried beans, green chili sauce, and a fried egg. I ordered a cup of pozole to start because it was a little cold outside and a spicy cup of soup sounded good and it did not disappoint. All components of my meal were great and so was the service. I will not let a year pass between visits next time.
5	where do I start...I have been there now a dozen times and am never disappointed.  Great food-great portions.  We tend to always order the Red Chile Roast even if it's not a dinner entree, it's taken home and mixed with eggs for tasty breakfast burros...seriously 4 meals.  The ceviche is light and fresh, the North Central Chicken is dee-lish, the Pork Osso Buco totally awesome.Cute patio, great service, kick ass food...and I just heard there is a brunch menu on the weekends...all around win
5	Amazing food and a cool atmosphere!
1	Look it upsets me that you have to give even one star. I can read the other reviews and I have been here more than a few times but tonight it was just beyond a bad dinner. Yes, we were the table of 7 people at about 8pm, yes we were group at the high top tables that were pushed together. You would have to remember us because we were the table that had 1/2 of a waiter. It was so nice of you to take the time to take our order and then let the waiter go home because he had been there since lunch. You know what sucks more than working 2 shifts? How about being the last table for the guy who worked 2 shifts, it was so nice of the manager to let him leave, but hey how about taking the time to have someone FINISH the open orders? Simply the food was not good and you are over priced.But the worst part is that your staff is just not good at their job, THEY DONT CARE and that is a result of MANAGEMENT not caring.
2	I didn't really enjoy this place as much as I though I would menu was a bit bleh..or maybe it.just wasn't my day.
5	I have been going to SBG since they opened in 2005.  They have changed the menu a little bit, but it is still an awesome place to dine.  I was on yelp and decided to use their reservation option and it was so easy.  When we got there, we had no problem, however we decided we wanted to sit at the bar, we always like to chat with the bartenders.  Tom was really nice and very personable.  He recommended a great red blend and my hubby of course had his margarita on the rocks.  We started with the quesadillas to share as our appetizer, very nice.  I had the Enchiladas Suizas as my entree and my hubby had a chile relleno and the Azteca Soup.  Of course, he had some of my dish, too.  The guests sitting next to us tempted us with the dessert, so we ordered the bread pudding, wow, just like I like it.  SO YUMMY!
4	In town for work, eating solo...this place was great. Good atmosphere, bustling, and I didn't feel weird about eating alone. I sat at the bar. Friendly and attentive bartenders, very helpful when I asked for suggestions.Sizzling poppers - Yeah I ate a plate of those cheese stuffed jalapenos. Not throat burning spicy, although the bartender warned that sometimes they are really hot. Great start with a cold beer. I had the Kilt Lifter, tasty.Sergios pork tenderloin - Oaxacan and espresso rubbed tenderloin with vanilla bean sauce. The sauce sounds sketchy but I tell you, it worked. That piece o' pig was delightful. The roasted veggies were pretty good too, not mushy or old. Excellent recommendation. Croissant bread pudding - Yes, I kept eating. Don't judge. Big portion, tasty. The bourbon sauce makes this dish.Look at a map before you try to find it. The side of the building faces the road so it's easy to miss. There's free valet parking so don't freak out when you don't see any open spots. It's the sort of place that would have been fun with people I love, but equally as nice by myself on the road.
5	The outside of the building is deceptive. Inside is an elegant, cozy, comfortable restaurant. Owned and operated by a trained chef, the menu offers a great interpretation of southwestern food. Local craft beers and a good wine selection is available.
3	I had heard and read so many good things about Sierra Bonita I was excited to finally get a chance to go with my brother & sis in law for her birthday. A first glance the place is impressive. It's quaint with a cowboy, southwestern style interior. When arriving everyone was nice and pleasant. It kinda of goes downhill from there.My husband asked if he could have chips and salsa. Waitress informs us they only have guacamole, it comes with chips and a salsa trio. Husband didn't want guacamole..only chips and salsa. She brings chips and salsa, but still charges us $9..same price as the guac with the chips and salsa.I ordered the Wild Salmon. If I could base this review on just the sides it would have gotten 5 stars. The poblano creamed corn was amazing but there wasn't enough of it, maybe a tablespoon, 2 at best. The roasted yukon gold potatoes were roasted perfectly, the only thing they were missing was salt. Easy fix though, right? The salmon was a nice thick piece of fish ever so slightly overcooked, it was supposed to have a red chile glaze, but the glaze had a very floral taste that just didn't work with the fish, at least not for me. The husband had the Enchiladas Suiza, with carne instead of chicken. They looked good, he said they were ok. Wished he could have that meat in a Filibertos burrito..would be heaven. His words not mine.The child had kid's mac & cheese. Was an order of oily penne pasta with a sprinkle of some sort of cheese on top..he didn't eat it. When our bill arrived we asked if it could be split. Gratuity was already added to the total, thats ok there were several of us,but my problem is when she split the ticket 3 ways she added gratuity again..double the tip...I don't think so.The poblano creamed corn was the highlight of my meal and I would have been a happy camper with a large bowl of it, but the $80 price tag for enchiladas, salmon, chips & salsa, oily penne and 3 non-alcoholic drinks, plus the tax & tip was a little too much for our liking.Not sure if we will return to Sierra Bonita.
3	We ventured in for lunch hoping for the same kind of experience we have always had at dinner.  The special was fish but at noon they were already out of it.  Then I say....erase it from the board.  I continued to hear other customers ask for it after us and hear the same excuse that they ran out.  So I ordered my usual, the carne asada tacos. Two tacos for $12 did seem expensive.  It was until later when I was home and still hungry, that my husband said, "Why didn't you at least get beans with that?" The service was sketchy.   It helped if we waved our arms to get her attention.
4	I have to give HUGE props for the trout here. I am a proud consumer of red meat and do not order fish unless it's shrimp, crab or lobster. That said, I tried the trout here, and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD. Next time I come here, the Carne Asada be damned (though it too is pretty damn good) I am getting the trout.
4	I loved it. Sierra Bonita is a must try. We invited our family and everyone raved about how great the food is and they want to come back and bring others. I like the fact the chips are optional. We ordered chips and Guac and the chips were perfectly crisp and the guacamole was so fresh and yummy. My husband can't stop raving about the Smoked Red Chili Pork Roast . Reminded me of a dish my mom used to make and was one of my favorites growing up. I was boring and ordered a salad and tamale, but the salad and tamale was light and delicious.  I will for sure come back again.
3	Happy Hour - Should be Nominated for WORST in PhoenixBusiness/Upscale Lunch - GoodUpscale Dinner - Good to GreatBrunch - Great to FabulousHappy Hour:In a town of outstanding Happy Hours, this one sucks.  Small plates, too high of prices not discounted much from full price, expensive drinks, small portions.  I couldn't believe it when I ordered a $4 draft beer for Happy Hour and it came in a 8 ounce cup.  Maybe 10 ounces.  What the hell?  I mean, seriously.  Everyone serves beer in pints nowadays, don't they?My second happy hour here... won't be fooled again.  Meet me at St. Francis, down the road, any day of the week.Lunch:Much like their dinner, but understandably smaller portions on many sizes, but fair prices for upscale lunch.  This is a great business lunch spot if you want to share with someone from out of town the southwest, but not Mexican food experience.  Or a ladies lunch.  Or a date lunch.  Whatever... you get my point.  Expect to talk out with a bill around $20 with tip for typical entree and iced tea.Dinner:In a age when every restaurant is lowering prices or at least staying current, the owner jacked up the prices recently on everything on the menu.  The fact that it's still packed every weekend night with long lines says that he's doing something right, and who can blame him for trying to coin it?Outstanding dishes you can't go wrong with:Jalepenos with Cheese Baked Appetizer ($10)- as long as you can stand just a little heat, this will be a crowd pleaser.  Even my older kids love them.  Stuffed Pepper Appetizer ($7) - kind of hard to share... Giant home made tortilla, with a large baked pepper in a bed of "canned" like refried beans.  But inside the pepper, delicious blend of meat, potato and cheese.  Could be  dinner item fro someone with a very, very light appetite.Chicken Sandwich ($13) - honestly, this is the best chicken sandwhich I've ever had, at any restaurant, anywhere.  Grilled marinated chicken has just the right heat, bun is tasty, loaded with fresh toppings.  I get the chile mashed potatoes as a side, to die for.  But you can also get the Azteca soup, another standout, as your side.  Also available on Lunch menu.Signature Pork Loin ($21) - not a ton of food, just right to finish your plate, but the meat is to die for, and the veggies in butter sauce are terrific.  Just one of those meals you could have 2x per week for the rest of your life.  Trout ($23) - see above - if you like fish, try the above.Dessert - Bread Pudding ($7) - easily enough to share among 2, 3 if you you show restraint.  Rich, filling dessert that tastes great.  Bread pudding made from croissants or some such, with creamy sugar sauce poured over it.Dishes to avoid:  Ceviche (not worth the price), Guacamole (chips suck, Gauc is bland, salsas just okay, $9), fish tacos (they flatly suck).Brunch - It's cheap, still outstandingly great food, few crowds.  I'm sure they'll jack up the prices when it gets busy, but this is the way to enjoy this restaurant if you are on a budget.  You can easily get away with $15 after tip if you are careful, and get to soak up the great ambiance, good food, etc.Service - Service can be slightly poor here.  Just lower your expectations in advance, and you'll then be pleasantly surprised. I could easily have rated this 4 stars.  I've eaten here 20-25 times over the last 3 years.  I like it... but it does have some flaws, per above.Enjoy!
4	Someone at work mentions there is a place that has a signature burger made of ground chuck and chorizo and the next thing you know, you're there for dinner by the weekend. I went with some friends and I have to say, everything just sort of clicked. The service was good but not overly obtrusive (no one coming around every 5 minutes to ask how the meal is going, which I appreciate). We started with the ceviche, which was a mix of shrimp and fish, with avocado and lime juice, and the guacamole, which was a little bit too smooth for my taste (yes, I like it a little chunky) but quite good. The chips are a bit thicker than most but that also means they don't fall apart. I think they would benefit with some of the chip spicing they do at Mucho Gusto in Tempe but nothing to complain about.For dinner, I really wanted to try some of the main items but I'd come for the signature burger (ground chuck and chorizo) with roasted green peppers and a fried egg. I will say that the meat was delicious but so juicy that it was almost impossible to hold the b urger together. I finally just took off the top and ate it like an open faced sandwich. So, while good, the bottom bun should not be soaked with au jus if it really is a burger. I thought it was interesting but probably would not get it again, but it was an experience. Now, an unexpected treat, I got sauteed veggies as a side and these were fresh and to be honest, delicious. It is always nice when you expect the side dish to be blah but you see that the establishment pays attention to detail at that level. The one thing I noticed, relative to service, is that there could be a bit more focus in clearing off used dishes and glasses when food or new drinks is dropped off. I had to sort of start handing items to the waitress but then she got the idea and got all the used items away from the eating experience.As my friends are all about the full dining experience, we got desert and coffee. We all shared a slice of buttermilk pie with a caramel drizzle and it was..OMG....amazing! As with side veggies I often think deserts at many places don't get the full attention of the kitchen but this slide of pie was the best buttermilk pie I've ever eaten and I've had my fair share. We also had coffee and it was good premium coffee and the waitress even asked if we wanted a refill so even though I could see the place was popular it was nice to see they did not try to rush us out but let our meal have its own pacing.Bottom line, I want to come back again and after two or three times, if I still have the same quality experience, I think this will be five stars and after the summer is over would love to come check out the patio seating. Bottom line, worth a visit, chances are greatly in favor of you not only NOT being disappointed but being delighted with your dining experience.
3	Went here for Dining Out for Life a couple of days ago. I heard that the Pork Osso Bucco is awesome, but it's a large entree and ALOT of food, so I decided to order the Beef Tenderloin Filet instead. The chorizo, potato and menonita cheese stuffed poblano was tasty, the filet was overdone, so was a bit on the dry side.  Don't get me wrong, it was still edible, however, there was not nearly enough sauce to battle the dryness *sigh*. Hubby and one of our friends ordered the Sergio's Pork Tenderloin, said both of their entrees were overdone and (again) not enough sauce. The pomegranate margarita was good, but nothing extra special. Our waitress was pleasant, but didn't know anything about the items on the menu, read through the list of specials like she was actually an auctioneer and forgot how to breath, couldn't make any recommendations, and well, seemed to be more of a hostess than a member of the wait staff. Based on intel from diners at a couple of other tables, it seems like I was there on an off night, so maybe sometime in the future I'll give it another try. Nothing was bad, but I was far from 'Wow'd'.
4	Came here a few weeks ago for brunch because of a coupon we had from a playing card deck with restaurant discounts. We had never been before but the menu looked delicious. We got there pretty much when they opened on a Sunday and sat at a table in their "outside" patio. It is enclosed but very sunny and airy. I ordered the stacked chicken enchiladas with a fried egg on top. It was AMAZING! Somehow I managed to eat the entire plate without any hesitation. Uh, it was so good. The balance of sauce and cheese was just perfect and felt light despite that it was enchiladas. We ordered the cinnamon roll for my daughter and that was fantastic, too. She didn't enjoy it as much as we did, though, but we didn't mind finishing it for her. The cream cheese frosting was melt in your mouth yummy. I also had a sangria but as I recall, it was just okay. But no matter, as we were there to try the food. The service was great, too. As we were leaving, it began getting packed. Clear sign that this was the place to be on a Sunday morning....
4	One of our go-tos. Chips and trio of salsa-- yum. Fish tacos are great for lunch and so is the vegetable sandwich. Mac and cheese is a great app.Margs are tasty. Outdoor patio is perfect for a warm spring night. Service is always good. Never had a meal we didn't like.
5	Insert more stars here...Love this place.  The atmosphere, the food, the staff, you name it, it all great! Top picks for me would be the Sergio's Pork Tenderloin, the Buttermilk Chicken and the Santa Cruz Pasta, in no particular order.  But, I've tried quite a few different things there and have never been disappointed.   They finished the basement into a private party area and a wine tasting room.  Very cool.  In fact, we love this place so much we got married there!Word of caution though, they have changed the parking in front, so you need to approach this place from the south on 7th St so you can be turning right (east) into the front parking lot.  If it's during the week rush hour it is a PITA to turn left if you're southbound on 7th.
4	Nice neighborhood restaurant with upscale Mexican food.  We've been back a few times.
4	I love that my friend suggested this place because it was a great find! I came for happy hour and we shared some of the small plates. We got the corn, the red Chile mac and cheese, and the carne asada tacos. all of the dishes we delicious...my favorite was the red Chile mac and cheese...so freaking good!!!!! The restaurant had a great feel and would be perfect for dates:) The bartenders we awesome very nice and attentive! The only reason I gave it four star was the price....we paid 6 dollars for a ear of corn with cheese on it!!! at happy hour too!!! I admit we should have never ordered it but after a glass of wine I forgot to check for prices!!! The bread pudding here is so mouth- watering good....a must if you come here!
5	My husband brought me here for my birthday dinner and it was SO GOOD!  The service was outstanding and our food was soooo tasty! We ate ceviche, chicken enchiladas, and their carne asada.  The Ceviche was great, with lots of shrimp but our absolute fave was the carne asada.   I also had a sangria, which was a great way to top off our meal.  This would be a great place to take out of town guests, or clients, the ambiance is a cozy southwestern feel.   We are going back for their brunch for sure!!  We highly recommend this place!!
3	Have driven past this place a thousand times (give or take) so when I saw a living social deal, I snapped it up. Came to dinner on a Sunday night. I ordered the Miguel's something-or-other. Like a moscow mule, but... not? Any rate, it was quite good.We started with the Hoppers, which were really tasty and not crazy hot jalapenos with cheese on a hot skillet then broiled. Bf had the burger, which he loved. They mix their chuck with chorizo. I had the trout which was really good, though I normally do not order farm raised fish. For dessert we shared the croissant bread pudding, which was really good.I'd give this place more stars but our server was really not at all friendly. I'd tell you his name, but he never told us, and I never asked. Service was FINE. not bad by any means. Attentive. But seriously. Customers like it when you have a smile on your face and dont look like you hate life. I'd blame it on the Living Social voucher (aaaand I never forget to tip on the full amount!) , but I never mentioned I had one until he dropped off the check, I left it in the book with my credit card.
4	Apparently I'm late to the party on this one, but my first visit to Sierra Bonita Grill was last weekend for brunch. I'm hesitant to add another good review of this great place because I didn't have to fight anyone for a table, and I would like to be able get one in the future.Anyway... I'm a huge fan of brunch (and especially of Mexican/Latin American-type brunches), so I was thrilled to try this place. My friend ordered the Verde Vaqueros, which are their verison of biscuits and gravy. But the biscuits are no ordinary biscuits, they're Green chile beer biscuits (!) with smoked sausage gravy from Schreiners. The biscuits were delicious. I could eat them with anything... or really without anything else. My friend cleaned his plate. I got the stacked chicken enchiladas because I'm a sucker for anything with hatch chiles, and they did not disappoint. The sauce was flavorful, and the crispy tortillas were a nice texture contrast to the rest of the dish.Will definitely be back, and would definitely recommend that people check this place out for brunch... just don't take my table.
5	This is a wonderful restaurant. We have always loved the food and ambiance.   I recently gave a baby shower here and they helped me to make it a great success!  We were given a private room with a great table setting.  We had an extra table for all the gifts.  The food was delicious, the service was excellent.  Everyone had a wonder time.  I cannot thank the staff enough!  I know this event will be remembered for a long time by all who attended.  Thank you!When you eat dinner here, don't miss the bread pudding.  It is "to die for!"
5	:-)
4	Ok, so we all know that I'm still searching for the perfect Bloody Mary/Breakfast Enchilada combo but I don't usually include Sierra Bonita in my regular rotations.  I met up with my dear, longtime friend on Sunday for our monthly brunch and we both selected this place for some reason.  Here's the lowdown:  the enchiladas were delicious, covered with green sauce, and with a portion size that left me feeling full but not like a beached whale.  The Bloody was good but not great; it was a little too heavy on the hot sauce, in my opinion, but I did have 2 just to make sure I was being objective :)  The service was great...leisurely paced and delivered with a smile.  The other plus was the ability to make a reservation on Open Table.  All in all, I really like this place.  The ambiance is conducive to conversation, so that's a plus.  Now, if they can only make a better Bloody, I'll give them the last star!
4	Went here for the first time for lunch this week. We made reservations, which I highly suggest, becuase its so popular and a lot of people frequent it for a business lunch The atmosphere is a cool, Western ranch with wooden booths and high celiings. It does get a little loud but its all on good fun. When I went the host at the front was smoking HOT so that was a major plus. I order the Santa Cruz pasta and it was pretty good. I got the small and I wish I'd gotten the large because frankly the small was small. My co worker ordered the veggie burger and LOVED it and another co worker ordered the southwest ceasar salad and that looked to die for! If I go back I will def get that.
2	My once favorite lunch/brunch/dinner spot is gone!!Beware!!  The menu has changed drastically.  Once inspired with interesting Mexican/Southwestern items, it has been slammed into an American hodge-podge, leading me to believe the chef has changed or the owner drastically cut his pay.Service has become ho-hum, although our server has been there a long time.Really too bad...
4	A highly recommended restaurant from separate concierges at the Hilton Pointe Squaw Peak Resort. To their reco's, the Sierra Bonita did not disappoint. I really enjoyed the bacon covered shrimp and I loved the buttermilk chicken with asparagus.  I was pleasantly surprised when our waitress brought a complimentary 's'mores' dessert for my colleague who was celebrating his birthday that night.Our waitress was ultra-sweet and fun; despite telling us we were welcome to stay as late as she wanted, we could tell when the chairs were on the tables and the lights were being turned off that our time there was coming to an end.
5	My goodness, what a meal. This was our second time here. We couldn't wait to get back to Phoenix and eat here again.When you go in look above the hostess stand at the chalk board. They list several bottles of wine that are on close-out specials. We have scored nice bottles at a great price on both visits.Their guacamole, chips and salsa are very good. I had the Red chili pork roast for dinne. It was probably the best south western dish I have ever had. The meat was flavorful, the rice was good and the beans were cooked to perfection. The flavors all blended together very well. I hate to fall into a rut but I would order this every time I go back.The last time we were here I had the fish taco's. Those were good and I almost ordered them again. I'm glad I didn't.They also have a nice private table in the wine cellar for 8-10 people.
5	I can not even explain how much I love this place.  Their carne asada is the most amazing I have ever had.  Their guacamole/salsa trio is sooooo good.  The cowboy stew is to die for.  Even their buttermilk fried chicken with chipotle mashed sweet potatoes is wonderful.  I've moved to California in the past year and I miss this place sooooo much.
5	Dear Sierra Bonita, thanks so much for accommodating a mix up in our reservation size over the weekend!  Your wait staff was so helpful and pleasant, my brother (the "fiscally-conservative" one) was inspired to leave a 30 % tip!  I had the buttermilk chicken for the first time and it was just delish!  Everybody had a lovely time and enjoyed themselves immensely!Now get back to work on that perfect Bloody Mary for me, OK?
5	Awesome weekend brunch, best bloody marys, wonderful staff & service. They have a really good happy hour during the week too. This is my "Cheers."
5	I've ordered food to go, a margarita on the rocks at the bar, and had brunch on a Sunday.Each experience was well above average. When I stopped in for a drink, it was a Friday during happy hour and packed! Still got my drink promptly, and I enjoyed it so much I had to repeatedly remind myself I had plans that I would not be able to show up to in a cab.I ordered the chicken sandwich and tortilla soup to go and I would definitely get it again.When I went for brunch with the bf, I got the enchilada stack with chicken, my egg was perfectly cooked over medium, and the Desert Blossom iced tea really hit the spot. My bf had the burger with cheddar cheese and fries. It was so good I wanted to trade even though mine was delicious. Just the right amount of salt on the fries, and the burger was as good as I'd heard!Our waitress was attentive, always bringing us more iced tea and anything else we needed, she was personable and really made our whole experience a very positive one. We look forward to going back again and again. There are many more menu items I am dying to try!! I really like the ambiance- dark and relaxing at night, bright and cozy during the day.Thanks Kari M. for telling me about this great restaurant!!
5	This is my new go to brunch spot!Tom the bartender (whos super cute) hooks it up! Let him have his way with you(r drinks) and he won't steer you wrong. First beverage he brought me was a blackberry champagne mojito super light and refreshing. The second was also a champagne cocktail of sorts, I believe it had some sort of peach puree in it. It was absolutely delightful!  The coolest thing about it was it had a sphere of ice in it that looked like a crystal ball. Magical! As for the food it also didn't disappoint. Tom suggested we start with cheese stuffed jalapenos not fried. Oohy gooey and oh so tasty. My entree was the huevous rancheros pretty straight forward but lighter and crispier than I've had before served with roasted root veggies. Surely palate pleasing!
5	We were blown away with both the food and the service.  We ordered the Buttermilk Chicken and the Pork Tenderloin; both were outta this world!  The Green Corn Tamale was incredible.  Amazing customer service!!!  Can't wait to try their weekend brunch.  We will definitely come back her often.
3	This was a nice surprise. Was not expecting much but the staff was friendly and the food was good. Very much a mexican style southwest cafe. Not a huge amount to eat for kids or vegetarians but overall a good option when nearby.
5	Great food, fun place but can be a pain to find parking!  That kept me from eating there a couple of times.  Great Southwest food.  Their brunch is better than most.  They also have 2 very nice conference rooms downstairs if you need a place to have a meeting.  They are also much more reasonable than those places in Scottsdale.  The staff is great and the bartenders have a sense of humor.
5	Great service. Great food. That's all I got to say. Love it here
5	Met up with some locals who took me here as its their favorite restaurant.  Now its mine too!  Nice atmosphere and the menu goes from $$ to $$$ (interesting burgers up to filet mignon with chilies).  I had the sea bass cooked in a corn husk with asparagus.  It was fantastic.  The chilie poppers and guac as appetizers were also excellent.  The margaritas were top notch (both the basic and the next one up).  We took a short tour and saw a nice private room downstairs (wine bottle theme) that would hold 10 people and another two rooms that would hold more.  Excellent place for a corporate dinner.  All in all, I'll be back next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	I have to fess up to something... I have been here several times and have only ordered on entree on the menu. I know I need to branch out, but when you have had a tough day and all you crave is good solid comfort food, why switch it up (there is always next time!) The only negative is the tight parking where I always end up in a dark alley.So the one menu item that has me all worked up? The Roasted "Free Range" Chicken. It is AMAZING... A-MAZ-ING. It is good for my soul. It comes with what the menu states is "creamy" polenta, which is serious like the best mash ever. Along with the veggies and an entire half of a chicken that is seasoned to perfection, you can't go wrong. I always leave stuffed and satisfied.I guess I will have to branch out and try other menu items and report back to my yelping friends of course.
5	Check location on Google maps, incorrectly mapped on Yelp
4	What a lovely way to while away Friday HH!  I met up with my good buddies Deb and Steve to graze and get caught up.  First of all, our server recommended that lovely Mule for me...really delish, kinda tart but just what I needed.  We ordered everything on the menu--the mac 'n cheese, the street tacos, the guac,the peppers, and the fried avocado. OMG, where has THAT been all my life???!!!!  IT was just lovely...I went home a happy girl.
4	My wife and I ordered the fish tacos and hamburger.  We enjoyed, but we had to take part of the burger home.  I ate before coming back to Atlanta.  The guacamole dip really was delicious.
4	Excellent happy hour menu/drinks, great food, cool patio setting next to the bar and the private rooms downstairs are great for business meetings.  This would be a 5*, but the parking isn't very easy to deal with.  Highly recommended though!
1	A friend recommended we try Sierra Bonita since it is close to our house, so we decided to stop in for Mother's Day dinner. I first checked Open Table to make reservations and it showed plenty of open tables so I didn't bother to make a reservation and it was only 5:45 pm. When we walked in it didn't appear to be busy and there were at least 7 open tables. There were just 3 of us, but the hostess said that they were booked and we would not be able to be seated until 6:30. When we inquired about eating in the bar area she said we couldn't because we had a kid with us. So I open my Open Table app and I am able to book a reservation on the spot for 6:00.  The hostess still said we couldn't be seated until 6:30. Does this make sense????? Now completely irritated we said it would've been our 1st time and definitely will be our last!!! It is too bad because you just lost a potential "regular" customer since we live so close. So we drove down the street to The Yard where oddly enough we were able to sit at the bar and order food with our son and enjoy our Mother's Day...
5	I love this place!  The atmosphere is great- like old Phoenix but with style. The food is really different and flavorfull. They have amazing margaritas. Every time I have been there, the service has been great. I wish they had a kids menu but other than that, I love it!
3	I love the building, music choices ("O Brother, Where Art Thou?" soundtrack!), and we got amazing service but the prices vs. size of plates leaves something to be desired. This place is definitely a little too upscale for my wallet.That being said, the breakfast banana walnut muffin was definitely worth the $3. It came with a thing of really great butter and the muffin itself was warm, moist, fresh with actual chunks of banana and chocolate and  was SO good. But then the carne taco plate disappointed. Two "street" style tacos (but with flour tortillas) with sub-par beans and rice (that were a little too gringo-style for my tastes) for $13?? I think not.A sample of my friend's french toast egg sandwich was good as well as the guacamole (but also ridiculously up-priced). The panko-covered eggs Benedict ($14-15) was really different and also looked good. The muffin was definitely the highlight for my meal.I would come back for the breakfast menu or maybe Happy Hour but other than that, there are better choices in the area for someone like me.
5	Seriously, Sierra Bonita....you just keep getting better!  Having discovered the joy of HH, I met up on Friday with the girls.  It's been a rough month so I was ready to spend some quality time with my pals, a margey (or 2), and some delicious snacks.  First of all, that fried avocado is absolutely addictive, as is the guac and chips.  We had the queso too and it was yummy but what puts you guys over the top every time is your staff.  Every single one of them is friendly and gracious and that is a huge accomplishment.  It also helps put the customers into a happy mood from the get-go.  Yet again, it was really lovely.You're in the top 3 for me and the way to get to number 1?  Make me the perfect Bloody Mary!  That's all it'll take :)
5	Such amazing food! One of my favorite places now
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! - new to the area and friend took me here for brunch one day. LOVED IT!  OMG the baked beans are delicious! Service was great and love the atmosphere. I'm a pretty picky eater and this is one of my new favourite go to spots!
5	So happy this place is in the hood.   We have been regulars for brunch, lunch, dinner or cocktails since the place opened and enjoy how they are always trying to get better.  The relatively recent menu change is a good example.Great Arizona ambiance!  Enjoy the dining room, the "patio" area or sit at one of the many tables in the bar and let Miguel, Kenny, Thomas, Mike or Emily serve you a margarita.  And don't translate "margarita" into a standard Mexican food restaurant - that is NOT what you will find at Sierra Bonita.  They serve great and unique southwestern fare.
5	My family and I have been eating at Sierra Bonita since they first opened. They keep getting better. One primary differentiator I can point out about this place is that they do not skimp on the veggies. A lot of the time, eating out means carbs with a side-o-carbs, featuring one protein ingredient and maybe some cheese. They don't just do vegetables as an afterthought, they use delicious and unusual ones. Their mix has green and purple romanesco, rainbow carrots, broccoli, squash, green beans, spinach and usually sauteed with butter and rosemary. Sometimes choyote is in the mix too - at brunch, order Cowboy Hash.And then all too often, at other places beans are "just beans" and don't have much flavor (or my least favorite, are honey-like and sugary). Sierra Bonita's beans are totally rich and flavorful, they're whole beans, not refried and are super savory, elevated far above the ordinary "side of beans."They have a Moscow Mule that comes in a copper cup and tastes super refreshing in the summertime (plus you can rest the cup on the inside of your wrists to cool down from your drive there). I love their Southwestern Cobb salad for lunch. Their Carne Asada is super filling, even the half-size. Same goes for the Buttermilk Chicken, and it's nice to get mashed sweet potatoes instead of just mashed potatoes. Lots of good, rich flavors and intensity here.They have a new dinner appetizer, butter-braised mushrooms. OMG these are to die for. There's gorgonzola cheese in there, and maybe a little bit of heaven. I've had the Albondigas soup, the green chile posole and the Azteca soup and they're all rich and deliciously filling. Then the most out-there sounding dinner entree: chocolate and espresso-rubbed pork tenderloin. It says all this but the taste that pops out the most is the vanilla. It's like Holy Crap, how did anyone think this up and how does it actually work so well?Gah ... I just ate there for dinner and writing all this makes me hungry all over again.They just added salmon tacos to their menu. Totally heart-healthy, what a good excuse to go. Super juicy and delicious. Everyone who works there is nice and relaxed and a lot of them have been there for years. Happy hour is fun. There are always people from the neighborhood there and their jalapeno poppers are super delicious - not fried with ranch dressing like a pub would have. Their jalapenos are sliced and filled with seriously flavorful cheese and served on a skillet with a tomato wedge sizzling in between each pepper.I could go on, but if you do a ctrl-f search on my review for the word "super" you'll find a word count that's high enough to show what I think of this place.
5	Fantastic experience overall. Good wine selection, and their carne asada was excellent.
4	This place is pretty close to the 5th star but the good news is that there's room for improvement.The decor is great, charming and comfortable.The food was really good. Nice guacamole, crispy chips, tasteful salsas.I had the shrimp cocktail which worth the visit, seriously was delicious. For me, the best shrimp cocktail I've ever had in AZ.I also tried the carne asada tacos and the tomato soup. They were pretty tasteful.The rocky mountain desert was also awesome (but be careful, it's a pretty large serving, you might be better off sharing it). My only two concerns would be that we had 2 extra green salsas and one of them seemed to be from a different batch, kind of right out of the fridge and it didn't taste as fresh as the previous one.The other concern was that the beans (side of the tacos) were a little too salty.BTW, we had a minor incident (an unforeseen kitchen issue) which was managed in a super professional way which also speaks great of this place. I mean, accidents or small things always happen in restaurants but the difference is made by the way they handle them. And this place did great!Certainly will go back to try more of their delicious dishes!Cheers
2	I don't think my experience was typical, and they were having an off night at Sierra Bonita Grill.  Normally cuisine is very well prepared, but when I got my enchiladas they were cold and watery.  The guac was already kinda browning after a minute or two at the table, which made it unpaletable.  For the price, I would expect better.  I will still give them another shot, their service is always great.
3	I went here for the first time last night with my husband and 11 month old. They were great with the baby, our server immediately asked if they could get started on something for him while my husband and I pursued the menu. We ordered a kids' quesadilla but I asked to have some spinach thrown in there for the kiddo, no problem, the server said they could make anything. Well, we get the quesadilla (delivered by another server) and there was no spinach in it. Before I even had a chance to send it back, our regular server came and apologized as I guess he checked with the kitchen staff, for the lack of spinach. Amazing service all around - proactive, attentive and accommodating. When you're out with a small child, these things mean so much more during a dining experience. The food was okay, we just smacked on small plates and shared a burger. The Azteca soup was awesome, guacamole could have used some more flavor (maybe some lime, salt, and a pinch of spice), chips were stale. Burger was decent, but I ordered well done - probably would have been better cooked medium - and they were happy to add a green chili. Bacon wrapped shrimp, meh, the BBQ sauce drizzled on the side had to have been the kind you buy at Safeway, the dipping sauce was just awful. We'll give this place another try and go for regular entrees. 2 stars for food, and add 1 star for exceptional service all around.
3	Biggest complaint first.  No chips and Salsa.  Ok.  So I agree to pay $9.00 for guacamole.  "Made in Molcajete" ... maybe so - don't know because it's not served that way.  I DO know that when the bowl came out, there was some liquid forming around the bottom of the scoop of flavorless guacamole - perhaps from the thawing from the costco bag?  I don't know - but I do know - the replacement scoop didn't have the liquid at first, but as time progressed - it collected.  Yuk.  It wasn't flavorful at all.  If you pay $9 for Guacamole... It best be FRESH FRESH FRESH.  FLAVORFUL!  PLEASE.  The three "salsas" on the side were SMALL little ramekins - so small a chip can't dip into it .. you have to break the chip up and just dip - not scoop - the salsa (one of which is Pico de Gallo)  They were ok, but nothing to write home about.  Sorry - but I expect a lot more from these two items at this kind of restaurant.  It's not hard to wow me with salsa and guacamole.  FAIL.The rest of the meal was pretty good for all three of us, but this just left a bad taste in my mouth.  Bummer.
4	the food was really tasty, good service, got seated right away. The fries are really good.
3	I went here for the first time for brunch. The restaurant is quite dark, and smells of smoked wood, which I got excited about - as I love smoked meats.Suffice to say, I didn't find anything on the menu to indicate anything was smoked. I am quite confused by this. I'm not really sure about the brunch menu - it's really just a variation of a dinner menu with a fried egg on top. Our waitress came 4 times to the table before taking our order. (Once to say hello, once to get the bloody mary, once to send the bloody mary back, once to order guacamole and then our order.) First - I got a bloody mary. It's brunch after all. Lesson: don't do this. It was a thin, watery concoction with an abundance of lime juice (and I like lime juice in my bloodys in the right proportion). It really just had no flavor in the mix and the consistency of Clamato. There was little to no seasoning in it (Worchester? Tabasco? Salt? Pepper?) and forget the celery. I will not get another of these. I did, however have a margarita instead. It was pleasantly good - lime juice, triple sec, agave nectar and tequila. Perfect. Not too sweet and no sweet & sour pucker afterward. We ordered the guacamole after balking at the $9 price. It says it was made in what I think is like a mortar and pestle, but presented in a small bowl. I have to say for $9 in Arizona - it should be presented better and you should get a lot more of it. It came with three small salsas - a tomatillo, roasted tomato and pico de gallo. The guacamole, and salsas were good - but for what you get is very over priced.After trying to figure out what I wanted (after the disappointment of nothing being smoked meat) I decided to go with the burger route - thinking there might be something special about the burger. Nope. Just your average burger. Again, I'm not so much of a burger fan - so I'm not sure why I order them occasionally - but I think this time I was hoping to taste some of the smoky goodness in the air. I didn't get that. Overall, I won't be back. But I can't say it was sub-par. Just average.
5	My wife and I have been going to Sierra Bonita fairly regularly since it's opening day. We like sitting at the bar and chatting with friends and the great bartenders and staff. I can honestly say that I have had nearly everything on the menu. Last night I finally tried the Pork Osso Buco and can now say without question, it was one of the best things I have ever had, anywhere. A huge and delicious pork shank on a bed of cheddar mashed spuds, veggies, and these incredible caramelized cipolini onions, covered in a hatch chile sauce that is making my mouth water right now. And I am full!Every time we come in, if Nate one of the owners is around, he makes a point to come up and chat a bit with us. This place has a unique yet traditional southwestern style and identity that Nate has carefully maintained over the years. It's our "local" and will continue to be so. Last night the food and atmosphere was so exceptional, I had to "Yelp it." Thanks!
5	INCREDIBLE FOOD.  The service is amazing, the fresh-squeezed margarita is my favorite, and the atmosphere is cozy.  Sierra Bonita accommodated a huge group of us and everything was perfect.  It's a wonderful spot, you won't regret going.
5	I have driven by Sierra Bonita a million times while doing business in Central Phoenix and kept saying to myself: "Self: -gotta try it."  Now I am pretty upset with myself that it took so long. Note to other reviewers: this is not a Mexican restaurant. It is not fast food. It's a Southwestern dinner house......warm, welcoming, and comfortable. We are still talking about our evening and intend to take the entire family back for an event soon. (cant wait). Our service was stellar, and I am sorry I don't remember her name. She was so friendly and had a great personality....never acted like she was in a hurry. She had great drink and Tequila suggestions. The drinks were fresh and strong. We ordered the red chili Mac and cheese appetizer - which was a very liberal portion for two people. My husband's eyes rolled back in his head and he not only polished off every bite....his finger finished off the sauce left in the pan.For my entree, I ordered the stuffed Poblano - also an appetizer, but it was perfect. It is served in a small skillet on very flavorful refried beans and really GOOD homemade tortillas......nice, large, and stretchy......just like Abuelita made them. My husband had the red chili pork roast and loved it.....great, smoky flavor.We had such a nice dinner that we stepped over to compliment the gentleman at the door, who turned out to be the owner......really a nice, charming guy. I love it when the owner of the place acts like he is hosting a party and having a good time himself  - and that was my impression. When we told him where we live, he was surprised. Heck, we would drive twice the distance.....and we will as soon as I can!
4	Dinner has always been terrific.  Been here a 1/2 dozen times.  Always have a good time at dinner.  Happy hour thought?  Had a puzzling poor happy hour experience, drinks and food weren't good.  Can't figure out if it was an off day or they just phone it in during happy hour.
5	Brunch, Lunch, Dinner or Happy Hour - Sierra Bonita Grill does EVERYTHING well!Among my favorite items:Fresh Squeezed Margarita - served in a martini glass, this is really something special.  No icky sweet pre-made mix here - just a wonderful blend of Reposado tequila, orange liqueur, fresh lime juice and agave nectar.  Bacon wrapped shrimp - among the very best I have tasted, the four large shrimp make a gorgeous presentation atop the plate drizzled with barbecue sauce along with a side of a slightly spicy remoulade.  Amazing. Southwestern Benedict - there is no better reason to have brunch.  Two green chile beer biscuits are topped with savory ham, panko crusted poached eggs (sounds weird, they are delicious!) and roasted poblano hollandaise.  I can't stay away from Sierra Bonita - the friendly staff and fantastic food never disappoints.  Ever!
2	Perhaps the problem was it was New Year's Day.  But our experience was not a good - and I likely wouldn't go back to try again! First - the service -- slow - inattentive and at times just missing.  Second - the food.  Start with the chips.  $9 for some guacamole and chips?  The dip and salsa were good but 25 chips?  Come on!!  You ask why didn't I request more:   I WOULD have done if our server ever returned!  The entree I had was fish, clams and mussels.  OK -- but someone dropped the red pepper in there!  I LOVE hot food -- but this hot in a fish dish?  The other two entrees were OK -- not exceptional.The waitress came by fleetingly just after the food arrived and asked if all was well.  As we hadn't even taken a bite, there was not much to say.  But she didn't come back until the entrees were finished.  She then refilled my drink which had been empty for 10 minutes.  Then we were asked would you like to see the desert menu --to which I replied "yes please"  It was delivered in 5 minutes - but it was at LEAST another 10 minutes before she returned to take our orders.  At that point, I just wanted to leave!So marginal food and poor service.  Either one I might have given it a second chance - but with both of those in one meal - and so many other good places to spend $110 for dinner for three (no wine) -- I think not!
4	Sierra Bonita is great.  The staff couldn't be more wonderful; the friendly, neighborhood atmosphere makes every experience a good one; the cocktails (and sangria) are top notch and so is the food.  I recommend the stuffed jalapeno appetizers and the Santa Cruz pasta.
5	Awesome place to work , AMAZING food, relaxing atmosphere, Nate is the BEST boss I ever had & I don't even work there anymore lol..(hopefully i'll get back to working there)   ;)
4	I went to Sierra Bonita for brunch yesterday and must say it was pretty good. I had been wanting to try this place for awhile, checked out their menu online and decided to go. One disappointment....the prices they show on the website are not reflective of the real prices at all.... it showed 6$ for pancakes, but in the restaurant they are 10$...this is not an unreasonable price or anything, but I wish they would update their site so I wouldn't have been surprised. Anyway, the husband and I ate on the 'patio,' which is more like an Arizona room...it's indoors and has a fireplace, pretty cute set up. Our waiter was very helpful and friendly. The coffee was good and our waiter, seeing that the husband looked a little sickly (sunday morning...you do the math), he brought him a complimentary coffee drink...very nice! He got the pancakes, which were a nice balance of sweet and savory. They are blue corn pancakes with pine nuts and strawberry butter. I got the chile relleno, which was very tasty. The pepper was spicy and the filling consisted of cheese, chorizo, onion and potato...it had a creamy sauce and some pico on top along with over medium eggs....was tasty, but I wish the eggs were more runny (the yolks were almost hard). The flavor was good, though. Overall, I thought the food was good, the service was good, but it was a bit overpriced. I would go back for a special occasion.
5	great place, great staff and owner is wonderfulthe food is the bestcharro beansthe pork and everything.
4	Third time here...Many more to come! Had the pork osso bucco, excellent! The pork tenderloin is a must try, unique, super tasty! Parking can be a bit challenging,  complimentary valet a huge plus.
4	We've been wanting to try this place for a while and finally did today for lunch. The mahi mahi tacos were really good with a great portion of fish for the taco size. My husband got a pasta dish that was also very good.  When I think of Mexican food, I always assume there will be chips and salsa served. I understand lots of places charge for them, but I'm always disappointed when they do so. But, nice staff all around and quick service.
4	I give this place a 5 star, because of the service... and the Fresh squeezed Margarita...OMG, the best.Our waiter, all I remember that he was Black and puerto rican... funny, gives excellent service, friendly... We ordered soups, and the fresh bread sandwich...and all of it was delish... price was okay . but nothing like Fuego del Mar...(don't go there).  I'm going back for sure... my family and I agree this was a great place to visit.
3	The Sierra Bonita salad was really good but their Bloody Mary was quite possibly the dullest and flavorless I've ever had :/ Service was good. Nice lunch atmosphere. Over priced a tad. Otro Cafe is better.
5	Get the fundito
5	Great service and quality food. I love the burger or the fish tacos. Guac is also good :)
5	At the risk of repeating myself, this has quickly become my go-to for so many reasons:Frst of all, the staff are ALWAYS happy, welcoming, and creative!  My oldest friend and I went for brunch today as we do at least once a month.  I am burned out on mexican/southwestern for the time being so was having trouble deciding on a restaurant in general.  SB won out for the reasons above plus more.We sat in the back room to take advantage of the sunshine and relative quiet; I enjoyed meeting the folks at the next table, who were definitely happy about their circumstances as well.The first order of the day was breakfast cocktails.  Couldn't make my mind up there either so our fabulous waiter asked us about our preferences, then surprised us with some fabulous coffees with bourbon in them.  OMG, perfect!  We finished up on those and started in on margueritas.  They were also perfect and custom made for us.When it came time to order, I was not quite ready to choose.  As usual, our server had some great recommendations for us.  We split the Benedict; we both dig the panko-crusted egg and the hollandaise.  We also split a relleno with the requisite fried egg on it; I hadn't had one there before and it totally hit the spot!So, SB, the good company, service, and food really set the tone for the day.  As usual, it was perfect.  Thanks for getting my day started right!!NOW: get those breakfast plantains on the menu already!  Maybe tortilla crepes stuffed with them?
4	I love this place. Food is spectacular. Had cowboy hash. Yum, but service from this bartender when you're a couple & not 2 women was less than satisfactory.
5	If you come inside you think they must specialize in fancy street tacos or fajitas, but I am telling you that the absolute best thing on the menu is the Buttermilk Chicken. Fried Chicken, mashed sweet potatoes, and a pepper-y gravy. I would say that it tastes like Thanksgiving but I've never had anything that good on Thanksgiving before. That is the dish that keeps me coming back and back again.
5	Love this place!! Always friendly waitress Jes & always great food.  We have a wonderful lunch every time. I enjoy the southwestern cobb it has just the right amount of everything in it & flavorful steak to top it off. Jessica's smiling face makes the lunch even sweeter, but also the gelato hits the spot.
5	Had the Carne Asada which was exceptional.
5	I have never given five stars before.   But, everything was perfect.   Great atmosphere.   Wonderful happy hour.   Great service.   Green chili pork was excellent.     Buttermilk chicken also delicious.      Will be back again and again.
5	I hosted a small baby shower brunch in their downstairs room. Everything was perfect. I made arrangements with Tony who was super professional and accommodating. Every staff member from the host to our server and bartender was friendly and helpful. The food was amazing and the atmosphere perfection. This restaurant is a small gem of Phoenix and I can't wait to go back!
5	We went to Phoenix for spring break from Michigan, this is where we had the best food by far! The entire experience was amazing it was so good we went a second time before we left! We recommend everything!
5	We decided to try this restaurant for an Independence Day pre-fireworks dinner. The whole dining experience was delightful. We had the pork roast, the chicken and the trout. The pork was melt in your mouth  yummy. The asparagus with the chicken was absolutely exquisite. The trout had wonderful flavor. Add to that the $4 specials on drinks and dessert, and we all left the restaurant well satisfied. The waitress was very pleasant and efficient. Overall, this was a wonderful experience.
4	Went here for Lunch for the 1st time, with a group of people from work, & was thoroughly impressed!  The decor is very nice, but the food was truly unique & delicious! I would like to come here for dinner sometime.  :)
5	The food was excellent! Great venue, and clean. Exceptional service, will definitely return!
5	Excellent appetizers, main courses, atmosphere, lighting, music, service, drinks, desserts and coffee. One of my favorite restaurants overall! Thanks Sierra Bonita!
5	I love SB.  I eat there at least once a week and find that the menu has a good variety.  I like the daily menu with different seafood items.  Jessica is the best!!
4	This is the first time I've ever been here. I went because I was given a gift certificate. We went for dinner. Expensive. Quality. Upscale but very casual dress.  Large wine selection. Bring your wallets. Dinner - I ordered Pork Osso Busco - $25.00. It was served on cheddar mashed potatoes with well flavored zuccini, squash, carrots, and cooked vidalia onions, and a southwestern spicy green sauce all over it. My dinner was large, and the food was fantastic. The meals here have a southwestern flair and are upscale. My husband ordered Carne Asada Quesadillas served with rice & beans $23. He thought it was very good. The portion size was average. We ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer. It was $14.00. You only get 4 shrimp. Although very tasty, far overpriced for 4 shrimp. All salads & soups are extra money. A dinner salad, alone, is $7.00. Dinner prices are $18 (the lowest) - $25. Average price is $23. Again, soup & salads aren't included in any meal. The ambiance was nice. Very appealing. Casual. I thought it was loud. It was busy. Sandwiches are roughly $15. I noticed most people in the restaurant ordered sandwiches. Definitely cheaper than dinner.  The food very good. My portion size was large. My husband's very average. The 4 shrimp very good, but way overpriced for $14. Most of the appetizers were around $9. The food here is unique, flavorful, upscale, but you are also paying more $$. We ordered the chocolate multan lava cake. $9. Good, but very small. I didn't have to pay for anything, since someone gave me a gift certificate. Personally, I couldn't afford $25 dinners, $14 appetizers, $7 salads......If you don't care about the cost, it's a very quality place for food & ambiance. They have a good happy hour in the bar, only. a variety of $6 unique appetizers. $3 bottled beer, $6 wine. Nice restaurant for a romantic date, or go during happy hour for quality appetizer for $6. Happy hour is in the bar, only.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE Sierra Bonita Grill after only one visit.  We went during restaurant week, so I could try more things.  And let me tell you, the amount of food we got for the price was ridiculous.  Ridiculous in a good way.My starter was the chips & guacamole with 3 salsas.  I judge heavily by chips & salsa and theirs passed with flying colors.  My husband had the shrimp ceviche.  I should say "we" had the shrimp ceviche as there was easily enough for two.  It, too, was delicious.  HIs entree was the carne asada.  I did not try, but he commented the steak was seasoned nicely and not overdone for a change.  I had the green chile pork roast which was chucks of perfectly tender pork in a spicy, but not too hot, green chile sauce.  For dessert he had the buttermilk pie, and I can't remember mine, because his was better.  I hate when that happens.And I almost forgot the best part....the tortillas!!!  While not Carolina's, these are a little thicker and really, really good with the little toasty brown spots from being warmed over an open flame.  It was so good, I purposely saved half to eat with my leftovers.  But our server was so awesome that when he boxed up my food and I asked him to please include my tortilla, he gave me a brand new one, too!  Yeah, he got an extra big tip for that.If I were closer, SBG would be a weekly destination, but it's definitely on my return list.  And did I tell you I LOVE it?
5	Nate of Sierra Bonita Grill is my new BFF!He saved my 'taters yesterday so that I could be the hero and deliver a delicious meal to my daddy, who had a major knee surgery one week ago. We're both HUGE fans of Sierra Bonita but even more so following the service I received after a bit of a mix-up was had regarding availability of a menu item.Sweet hostess, Abby, could not have been more accommodating and helpful (even after running up and down the stairs several times that morning) and managed to make me feel extra-special with a compliment on my outfit on the way out the door. (A girl always loves a compliment!)Nate knew I was in a pickle and in the end made sure that I had a spread like no other to enjoy with my favorite patient now that he's feeling better. The bread pudding was literally the icing on the cake!There are a lot of wonderful restaurants to choose from here in the Valley but what sets apart the best is an ability to intuit and a willingness to meet a guest's needs.  We've always enjoyed a cool vibe, great cocktails, delicious food, and exemplary service but after yesterday, the deal is sealed -- y'all are simply the best!!Once that new knee is healed, I'll be escorting dear 'ol dad directly to you for an in-person thank you!  Rock on, Sierra Bonita!!p.s. Also have to give a shout-out to Debbie, who happens to be my father's favorite server -- she never fails to make a fuss over him and that's all a southern boy needs to crush on a girl.p.p.s. Oh, and for me, that brilliant bar manager -- who I'll refer to here as "David Cook" because he looks just like the guy when he competed on American Idol -- is simply that, brilliant.  He is a master at his craft and I always leave with a nice, warm feeling (thank you, bubbles!) and a little more knowledge about wine and spirits than when I arrived. He's my hero.
5	The best restaurant in town!!!!!.never a bad meal.the poppers are awesome.the buttermilk chicken never disappoints. I would highly recommend you try everything.
4	Took my wife on a surprise date here! We loved this place. The food was extremely delicious. The green Chile Mac and cheese is one of the best dishes I've had in forever and I strongly recommend! Only thing was, our particular waitress was not the best, but the other employees were fantastic! Will be back!
5	Best food in town..always great service. .I definitely recommend to all..try the pork shank..or the Carne asada. .the hoppers poppers are perfect..
2	WHAT HAPPENED?!?!?! I was here 1 year ago and I LOVED this place!! What one short year can do in the quality of their food!! I fell in love with their chicken tortilla soup, which is named the Aztec Soup here 1 year ago, and I was so excited to come back and have it again, just to find ONE BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!Food: 1) Aztec soup: WAY TOOO SALTY!!! I could barely finish half the soup, I was downing so much water in attempts to wash out all the salt I was ingesting! Why was the soup so salty?!?! Do they even taste the soup? My friends ordered the same soup and they felt it was WAY TOO SALTY too, so it wasn't just me! Not only was it too salty, but it was in a smaller bowl, there were less ingredients, it was just all wrong and SO different from what I remembered 1 year ago! Major disappointment!2) Pan seared fish (forgot what type of fish): This dish was pretty good, but for the price, the portions could have been a little more generous.3) Cobb salad: pretty decent, ingredients tasted pretty fresh4) Guacamole and chips: good guacamole, chunky, just how I like it. Service: Nice and friendly waitress. Not very attentive to refill my water, but that's just probably because I needed so much water from the intensely salty soup.Ambiance: It's a dimly lit, romantic ambiance type place. It feels like a fancier, fine dining type place. Overall, very neat and clean, comfortable place to dine in. Price: Our meal cost us ~$90, which I think was NOT WORTH it, considering the highlight of my meal was supposed to be the soup and it was such a big let down. Overall: I was actually planning on coming here TWICE during my trip here, but after coming here ONCE and tasting that awful salty soup, I decided not to come here a second time during my short trip to Phoenix. I think the soup is forever ruined for me, I don't think I'll be coming back.
5	This place is incredibly good.  They have a fried chicken dish that's nothing like you've ever had before and way better than traditional fried chicken.  The roasted pork is also fantastic.  It's southwestern more than Mexican but a great blend of the two.
5	We went here because we had a gift card. We will definitely be back. We had the bacon  wrapped shrimp and carne asada, both excellent! Service was spot on and atmosphere was charming. Will recommend to friends! Cheers!
4	Love this bbq place and love that it's local.  Sometimes you can smell the meat cooking as you drive by.  The carne asada is really good and it's nice to be able to use Open Table for reservations.  Nice atmosphere and some really good grill.
5	I cannot put into words how impressed I was with Sierra Bonita! Absolutely everything about this place is epic! We went in on a Saturday night and were seated almost immediately which was a relief since it's such a busy night for restaurants. Our waiter promptly came over to our table and was super polite, well-spoken, and knew the entire menu off of memory. My husband and I brought another couple with us and we all had different dishes. We all tried each other's and were in food heaven. Everything was perfection. I had the buttermilk chicken which is one of their most popular items. It has a bit of a kick to it so be for warned. The sweet potatoes are the icing on the cake for this dish. Another if us had the carne asada and it was too notch quality meat! It burst with flavor. We always enjoyed their black tea and some wine. The prices are fantastic for the quality you get here. The ambiance is candles and soft lighting with light background music. The wood decor throughout the restaurant finishes setting the scene and makes you feel at home and comfortable. I recommend geting the smaller portions being that it's still a lot of food! I can't wait to go back here ago. And bring new friends! It is a MUST go!!
4	First time to Sierra Bonita, and wont be the last.  After a long day for both my wife and I, it had the perfect setting/atmosphere for a nice meal.  The bacon wrapped shrimp were awesome.  We each had the fish tacos and carne asada tacos. Both were delicious as well. Will recommend and return soon!
2	Does anyone else think this place has gone downhill?  From the ever decreasing portion of guacamole, to the tired salads?  I used to love this neighborhood spot. Buttermilk chicken is my favorite- but tonight, not only was the portion tiny (lots of mashed potatoes to compensate for the sparse protein), but I'm pretty sure my chicken was a reheat!  Bland, dry and sparse. My husband was also disappointed in the portion size of the stuffed chicken, which he described as"ok". Let's hope this restaurant gets back on track. It seems as if other people have noticed- one used to have to wait for a seat, which is no longer the case.
4	We had our business Christmas celebration at Sierra Bonita. The food was Amazing! The service was disappointing. We were a large group (12 or so ) but I ordered the carne asada  with out the pesto mayo the waiter understood but still got the mayo. The tacos were still good and I didn't say anything but bummed. The waiter didn't refill drinks or clear plates very well. I didn't let bother me but we spent $500 bucks we deserve more drink refills at least. Again the food was great but service OK not great
3	This used to be my go to breakfast when visiting Phoenix, but I swear things have changed recently. The most recent time I went the dishes weren't as flavorful as I remember. The service was still great, but really I come for the food! I'll give it another try soon and update if anything changes.
