3	I love margaritas and they are pretty generous with the tequila here. I've tried a few different flavors (frozen and on the rocks) and they've all been tasty. I stay in the bar area so I can't recall what the rest of the restaurant looks like, but the service in the bar area has always been great. Only things I can remember trying here are the chicken flautas and one of their quesos (sorry can't remember which one). And both were pretty good.
4	This is in our rotation of restaurants that our family of 5 visits regularly.  Is it authentic mexican food?  no.  But then again - hubby does not like true Mexican dishes...This is Tex Mex food.  The one thing we order off on the menu - and that really are top notch, are the fajitas.  Husband has ordered them everywhere - and really, here they are the best.  Mango Margaritas and chips and salsa are pretty good too!
4	Month we went-May 2009.  Out to dinner with a friend and we had a delightful time. Our waitress, Sharona (I kid you not), was friendly and very helpful. She saw me perusing the margaritas and spoke about a couple of them. Our drinks arrived with the chips and salsa. I love that there were 2 little pots of salsa, one for each of us, as we love salsa. The margarita was a 9 out of 10 limes! We ordered a sampler of appetizers, and it was very good. I ordered a combo that included a chile relleno (I love chile rellenos). Our dinners arrived in a timely yet not too quick manner. This gave us time to work on our appetizers as well as have some great conversation. We didn't finish the appetizer as we were afraid we'd be too full to eat our dinners. My combo was hot and tasty. Sharona was a great waitress. She was knowledgeable without being pretentious. She gave us a take out container for our uneaten appetizers and we were on our way. All in all, this was such a relaxing dinner.
4	I have not been to an On The Border forever now.  We were in the area getting some work done to the Lexus so we decided to try it.  I am glad I did.  The salsa is fresh and the service was great.  It was surprising that during lunch it was not busy at all.... sign of the economy times?  who knows, but I enjoyed it ...I had the steak and enchiladas with rice and beans and my wife had a salad.  We both enjoyed.  Still not worthy of 5 stars, but I will go back and try other things.  It is one of the better Mexican food joints I have tried in a while.  Good and fresh ... thats the main thing right there.
4	I had never been to an On the Border restaurant until Friday and I'd always wanted to try it. We ordered the made-to-order guacamole to start which was FABULOUS. They make it right by your table and give you these massive freshly made chips to eat it with. Yum. For my meal I got the fish tacos and they were delicious but really filling. We sat on the outside patio area and it was nice, minus the annoying flies and gnats. It would be nice if they put some screens up on the windows. Our waitress was super friendly and kept making sure everything was fresh and tasty. I will definitely be returning for that guacamole and to try what else is on their menu.
1	We tried to go here today after my daughter's dance recital. She picked the place. It was 2:45pm. I asked if we could have a booth, and the hostess said, "well, here's the problem. A lot of our servers just want to get out of here, so the only room I can seat you is in here", pointing  to one little overly crowed area. My husband and I looked at each other in shock, and said, "well, we can help them get out of here. We'll just go eat somewhere else!" I will NEVER go back! How freakin tacky!!!
4	Great happy hour spot - drink specials and 1/2 price appetizersGood for groupsFriendly and attentive staffI like the chips and salsa, queso, house margarita, draft beer in a chilled goblet, and create your own combo choices
3	We stopped here for happy hour as I was lazy and it is close to work. Turns out they have a decent happy hour with assorted drink specials, half off selected apps and a pick 2 food special that runs open to close for $6.99. I selected the Tortilla soup and cheese enchiladas. The soup was good and enchiladas was also good and came with rice and beans. Our server was great and I wish I remembered her name but after a couple of the happy hour Margaritas names escape me.
4	Get the queso!  Actually, I enjoy both the queso and the salsa; they are also good together.  The chips are huge; you'll have to break them up to make them manageable.  I've tried all of the enchilada flavors now and prefer the beef ones just because they come with red sauce.  The rice is a little sweet because of the corn, and the beans have a hint of a roasted flavor.  If at all possible, save room for the kahlua ice cream pie - delicious!
4	Pretty much my favorite chain Mexican food. Although you have a lot of choice for great Mexican food in the area, it's a pretty good place and has a lot of menu choices
1	The staff was friendly, food ok for az. I ate at this same chain when I lived in san diego where the food tasted more authentic. I won't be coming here again, probably could have better mex food at taco bell. Sad!
5	One of my favorite chain restaurants.  The chips and salsa are near perfection.  I usually get the combination plates and most items are surprisingly good.
2	Chips are very good (fresh and crispy).  Salsa is OK, just not as good as most restaurants. Everything else I tried was sort-of gross
5	my wife and i went there for lunch. it was great. great service, great food, love the decor.
1	The only reason we went here was to use a gift card.... Just as disgusting as i remember.
4	My husband and I decided we had a hankering for Mexican food so we decided to stop at On The Border. It's not a restaurant we frequent, so we were unsure of the service and quality. We were very pleasantly surprised with the food and the attentiveness of our server, Lauren or Taylor (I can't remember her name for sure). I even used mobile Foursquare to check-in and received a Free Queso appetizer.  I tried the fried avocado for my entree which was ok, but overall the food and service proved a place we'd come back to again.
3	This is a chain restaurant.  Nothing terribly special.  But not bad either.The chips came out hot.  The salsa was tasty.We opted for the special all you can eat enchiladas.  They were fine.  Not great.  Not bad.  The consistency of the tortillas was a bit odd.  Not sure how to describe it.  But it was odd.The black beans are very nice.  In my opinion, better than the refried (but I seldom like refried beans).  The rice had a mild seasoning, but also was nice.This place is no match for La Tolteca, or a few other places, but it seems to be reliable.  We've eaten at a few other On The Border restaurants over the years, and they have been consistent.  If you have a coupon, there is a special, or something similar, it is fine.
3	We headed to Stapley branch first only to find out they were closed! It was opened only 2 wks ago though, crazy! Then off to Power location, called and were told current wait time is 45mins! Still we went and passed by a very crowded parking area with bystanders outside On the Border entrance. We dint know where to go for dinner so we called again and asked for any bar seating. We arrived and proceeded to the bar with 2 available seats - we skipped the 45min wait and that was amazing..I had Big Borduritto (?),  portion was indeed big lol.  Their salsa, which is bottomless, is similar to Chili's but is too spicy for my taste but I liked their chips better than Chili's. Overall the Big Burrito I had was ok, I will probably try a different one next time we head visit the place again. Taste was nothing extraordinary but they were not bad either.
3	Consistently good food...but it is a chain.  I like their Margaritas.  The BF loves the Sangria Swirl Margarita!  Great chips and salsa and good tableside guac.  I love their Cilantro Lime rice, black beans, and the grilled enchilada wrap thing!
1	Ordered empanadas to go. Three orders and $28 later...I cut them open and 75 to 80% of them were EMPTY!  (They werent great either) I called the manager and she indicated this is a known issue as they are made fresh onsite. Ok benefit of the doubt. She indicated she would send some coupons my way for throwing my cash down the drain... Has not happened.  I guess I'll be calling AMEX.
4	The chili releno was great! My margarita was good .. my husbsnd enjoyed his 2 taco combo. We'll be back.Elaine
4	On The Border is probably my favorite full service Mexican restaurant. I realize it probably isn't the most authentic Mexican food, if at all, but I love it anyways!One thing though is that they don't always give a lot of guacamole if you order that. You seem to get more if you order it the live way! I was pleased with the restaurant decor. Its simple but nice and is one of the reasons I enjoy eating here! The food is all quite good!
5	Zach was our server tonight and he did a fantastic job! He brought out our food and it took a little long to make, so he comped the meal. We tried to pay, saying that it didn't take long at all. He insisted that we couldn't pay for the meal. I was already of fan of this location, but was really impressed at the level of service that was rendered! They just won a repeat customer for life! Thanks Zach!
2	The food is OK but I prefer Garcias.  The shredded beef on the tacos was bland and the beans had a weird taste. The queso was the best part of the meal but it was runny. Maybe they were having an off day but I don't intend to return.  On a side note, the apple crisp was great but that's not what I go to a mexican joint for.
5	Came here after our disastrous intro to O'SUCKA Japanese. SO GLAD WE DID! Great food, great service and reasonable prices considering the generous portions. WE WILL BE BACK!
1	I went there yesterday 1/6/2013 about 2:30.  I waited over 5 min to even get a menu. I placed my order and waited over 30 min. I ate the salsa and chips and was getting sick. I could not find my waitress. I finally got up and left. Still sick the next day stomach will not settle down. This is the third time I have had bad service. I will not go back again. Once I get sick from something I ate will not return. BTW it was not that crowded to were the service was bad. Manager was cleaning the tables.
4	I ate at On The Border which is NOT my favorite Mexican Restaurant by any means. I ordered the Carne Asada which was underwhelming accompanied by a 1/2 cup of veggies and rice and we waited jtoo long for the salad as I had to remind them about it! , what saved this restaurant experiencecwas our sweet, wonderful, polite, delightful waiter NOAH!  What a peach of a guy, who let's the ladies order first and should be grabbed by a PR firm  because this guy has IT!...We had a few other kinks in our food order and timing.  Then the manager came out, whose name I missed, and brought us whatever we wanted and gave us 2 desserts and really cared about us....never was treated so right!  So Cheryl, Vanessa, Dan, Mike, Jason and Hayley send our thanks and we will come back just to see you 2 guys!!  Noah should be the CEO of On The Border!
1	Writing this review makes me kind of sad, because really, I enjoy On The Border. Their margaritas are huge, delicious, and cheap! Yay for happy hour! The one closest to me closed down due to health code violations (oops)! I figure the alcohol in the margaritas killed any sort of germs anyway...Ok, back to this review. Since the one near me closed, the restaurant on Power is the closest. I've been here twice, and both experiences have sucked royally! Not the food or drinks, mind you, but the service, the hostesses, and the management. We called to see how late happy hour lasted--stated we understood how busy they were, but it's one simple question. Bitchy, short answer, and then they hung up on us. We go to eat anyway (because it's National Margarita Day) 45 minute wait, not including my 5 minutes of standing in front of the hostess stand without being acknowledged. Open seating in the bar you say? I took a look while waiting for friends--open table = yay! No chairs = boo. I mention this to the hostess, hoping there's a secret stash of chairs. Ignored. We talk to management about being hung up on and the snotty attitudes thus far--doesn't care! We gave our pager to someone else and left...Will NEVER come here again.
5	Sampler platter is worth every penny!!Love OTB. I have always had great food and great servce. This evening they were out of a specific item on my platter so they replaced it with something else and offered to give me more of anything else on the plate. I thought that was nice of them because its not always the servers fault the kitchen is out of food.
1	There was a time that this wasn't too bad of a corporate restaurant.  Besides the usual musical chairs with menu items that corp restaurants love doing, the food has never been too bad, and some dishes in the past were quite passable and good.  However, it would seem things have took a turn for the worst.  The main problem is the overall service.  My family and I (4 of us total) sat for an hour waiting for our meals and watching people that came in after us get their meals.  Instead of just telling us they messed up our order, they just kept bringing chips and assuring us our dinners were coming out, which they never did.  We finally got up and walked out in frustration and disappointment. After several months of staying away, we returned to give it another shot.  Again the service was extremely slow and we didn't even get the common courtesy of the waitress checking to see if our meals were ok.  So, not only this time were they slow, they were not even courteous or showed any care whatsoever.  The food overall is just average corporate flair, and through the years they have removed various items I used to order frequently, which is what is very disappointing about corporate restaurants as they don't believe in consistency.   However, what really kills this place is the service and obviously poor management.
1	The margarita was awful, very chemical flavor. We ordered beef tacos and beef enchiladas and there are no words horrible enough to describe the food.  The salsa was OK but the chips were covered in salt, the only flavor you could taste. I will never, ever eat at this restaurant again.
5	Happy hour at On the Border can not be beat!  The Sangria Swirl and the Watermelon Rita for $4 is the best around.  We also enjoyed the queso guacamole combo for $4.  Reggie, Alyssa, and the other guy at the bar were cool.  Get there early to get your happy hour table in the bar.  4 people, $40, good buzz, great food, we'll be back.  Just make sure yu get a table in the bar, because they will not honor happy hour prices when seated at restaurant tables.
2	Had the fish tacos and would rate them a 4. Queso for an app and it was ok. So food a three or four overall.I was dining alone so I sat at the bar. Once I received my food attention time was over. Couldn't get a beverage refill. Couldn't get my check to pay. I was paying by credit card or else I would have just left cash on the bar and left. Since I'm in the service industry I always, always, always tip. This is the first ever that I've even considered not tipping. Still left 15% but I don't know why.To many other options in the area to ever return. Skip it and enjoy good service by going elsewhere.
2	So sad to see this place going downhill. Over the last year the hostesses and servers have really been downgraded. From waiting over 40 mins for a patio table with no one in front of us. We sat outside and watched another group simply walk right onto the patio, we asked the hostess about it and she stated they sat themselves. Once we were finally seated it took a server 15 mins to even greet us. They had brought chips but no drinks. After nearly 15 mins of waiting again we got up and left. It was simply ridiculous! I should mention too, this was middle of the week and we arrived a few minutes before 5pm. A time prior to that I had to ask a server twice for a refill on my water. After 10 mins or so I went to the bar myself to get my refill. Any time we sit on the patio the servers there are miserable! This is our draw to the restaurant too so it is rather disappointing.Onto our food, it seems I can never get what I order. I ask for two enchiladas, one white sauce and one red sauce. One of each, not to complicated, I have NEVER been served exactly that. Then I am waiting on my food while the rest of my family eats. It seems like there is extremely high turn over for patio servers as well. Which would explain the bad service.The only reason I gave two stars was the food. While it isn't right, it's always good and so are the alcoholic drinks. So sad to drive here from San Tan Valley for such disappointment.
3	They have pretty good drinks like the margarita and sangria. I would say that this is typical Arizona Mexican that splits the difference between Tex Mex and  southwest Mexican food with lots of cheese and sour cream. The atmosphere is ok, it's like the Latino version of Chilis.
4	Good, solid Mexican food with a semi-healthy slant.  Don't know what the other Yelpers were complaining about when they talked about poor service--perhaps they went on a Friday night when the place was completely packed and the servers were crazy busy??  My experiences here have been the polar opposite--GREAT service!  Today our server brought us free queso dip (AMAZING!!), refilled our drinks before they were even halfway empty, and brought each person at our table their own bowl of salsa.  She even remembered us from ONE previous visit--pretty awesome if you ask me!  I just love their enchiladas!  Great vegetarian options too--definitely try the cheese/onion and mushroom/spinach ones if you're not a fan of meat.  Love their black beans and Mexican rice (which comes with corn in it--yum!).  Good chips and salsa; we always get the table-side guacamole too.  And if you have room for dessert, the sopapillas (with a side of vanilla ice cream) are totally worth the extra calories!  ;)
5	We always enjoy the service and good food. Also can't beat the ice cold beer with dinner.
1	This place used to be great, but it fell terribly downhill. We first walked in and no one greeted us. Second our table was filthy which i understand if it busy. it wasnt. the menus were disgusting and had food in them. i wanted to wash my hands after looking at them. the waitress brought the wrong beer and the water cup was dirty needless to say we walked out and went to bj's
4	The prices/specials are great!  The food is fabulous and the people are very nice.
3	It is an ok chain restaurant. Food is usually good and reasonably priced. I do agree with some of the other comment that they could improve on their service. Usually you get some what good service if you sit in the bar or patio, but in the restaurant part they could use some help.
3	Not too bad, been here dozens of times before. Got here at 12:30 on a Sunday, were seated immediately on the patio. First of all, I was somewhat embarrassed that I've been here so many times and never knew they served breakfast! I guess it's because I always came for dinner. (They stop serving breakfast at 2, in case you were wondering) Couldn't decide what to get on the lunch menu, so I resorted to breakfast. I had the Gringo Breakfast, which is a pretty basic breakfast plate. It was tasty, a little bit on the smaller side when it comes to portions.The only reason I give it three stars instead of four is because the food took a long time to get out. I understand that things happen and there may be a million other tables, but it was pretty slow today and didn't seem like there was much going on. Our waitress, Michelle, was very friendly about it though, so not a big deal. Not too bad, I will for sure come back, as I always do.
2	Many many years ago I use to take the family to the Tucson location and always enjoyed the atmosphere, food, Sangria Swirls and salsa. That location closed back about 6 yrs ago or so. This location was nothing to write home about the Salsa tasted flat with no zip and the swirl was weak. I'll pass next time
2	If it weren't for the chips and salsa we probably would have starved. The size of the portion for the fajitas reminded me of the samples they dole out at SAMs clubs on Sundays to entice you to buy the real thing. The drinks called "swirls" came out plain... What a bunch of false advertising! AND don't ask for extra cheese, because they will charge you a dollar for about a spoon full! Total rip off! There's hardly any music in the place, felt like I was in a cafeteria... Clank clinkity clank!!
1	Bad service seriously makes everything else so much worse. We had pretty bad service when we went in. My mom got a coffee but when she got it it was cold. We asked to get another and she seemed bothered about it but she brought it. I tried and it was a tad warmer but not hot. My mom was complacent so I didn't mention again. When I asked what was good she shrugged and said she wasn't really sure. OK maybe not true but you could at least make a suggestion about what people order alot? When my bf asked what a dish came with she didn't know that either. Now that did bother me. But my bf didn't want me to say anything so we didnt. Overall service sucked. The food took foreverrrr to get out and my bf had to raise his glass to get a refill of coke. How mortifying.   He had to do the same for check. When it came time to clear table,  me and my mom started picking up with napkin and piling plates together. We typically do this, but the waiter/waitress always jump in to help. This lady literally just stood there and waited for us to finished her job and pile it all up and go. How easy. Food was not good my chicken in chicken enchilada plate was dry. I only picked at it. My bfs fajitas were sizzling for about 5 min after plate came out. No joke.  Never coming here again. Waste of time/money
4	Tacos are delicious and the fajitas are phenomenal!  Great service (even when its busy), fresh tortillas, yummy salsa!  Definitely worth the trip.
2	First, let me say that On The Border is my favorite Mexican restaurant!  My experience with the Mesa OTB was very so, so.  Service was slow.  Food was OK, but not nearly as good as what I'm used to.  I believe I am spoiled as I live very close to the OTB on Bell across from Arrowhead Mall where I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal!
2	Meh. Friday night at 7:00. They were busy. That makes sense. Would've made more sense to have more experienced staff working they night. I was brought the wrong drink, my Del Rio combo was over salted to a near inedible degree. I'll give two stars because my girl liked her tacos and my server tried hard, and what could I possibly expect from a giant chain restaurant.
5	I love this On the Boarder. They have the friendliest staff. On the rare occasion there's an issue, management does an amazing job taking care of us. Allen was our server today and did Awesome job taking care of all 5 of us. Loved the watermelon margarita.
4	It's great for being a chain restaurant.  Food is good but not the freshest. They just started brunch at this location. Brunch is soooo worth it. Mexican food + breakfast = many smiles. They start at 10 am so it's not a early breakfast place. It's a little spendy for breakfast that's why only 4 stars.  I based the review on the fact it's a chain restaurant.
2	Food is good. Don't come when it's busy or on the weekend, the service tends to be horrible. Especially in the barWe definitely come for the food, not the service. You can get similar food at Chili's, with much better service.To be fair, the staff are typically always nice and apologetic about the delays, but it always seems a little understaffed.
4	My recommendation at on the border is the Southwest Chicken Tacos. Their red chile sauce is fantastic! Restaurant has a nice, festive ambiance but our service here is always pretty slow, even when it's not too busy. Like many other reviews i've seen on here, we come mostly for the food.
5	We had these two young guys that seemed to be competing to take care of us, what a fun and great experience.  Cody and Marcus keep up the cool attitude and you probably deserve a raise...
1	Waited 15 minutes, no service what so ever , even after asking the hostess numerous times .  We will take our business elsewhere
