5	Gold Bar Espresso is a cozy, locally owned and operated coffee spot.  Its prior location in a retired bank vault (hence the name) was presumably much more charming than its current Valley-standard strip mall locale, but it makes up for it with friendly and helpful staff.  I spent the late afternoon reading in Gold Bar with excellent live accoustic guitar for background.  This is a fine place to purchase and enjoy a Sunday New York Times.The pumpkin pie was absolutely delicious.Gold Bar also serves non-coffee drinks including teas, chai, and decadent hot chocolate also available in a refreshing iced format.
5	I would have never have even known about this place without this website.  It's tucked in the corner of a stripmall, pretty much across the parking lot from a Starbucks.  I wish I could sit in front of that store and direct them across the way to a place where your coffee doesn't taste like someone burned it.  I've had several drinks here, all have been good.  Pastries are always freshly made.  It's probably really a 4 star-ish place, but they get the extra star because the girl making my drink was wearing an Illini shirt.  Definite bonus points.
4	Cozy, eclectic, great people behind the counter. Oh, and the pastries look like heaven served warm (whatever that means). I like that they have variety of chai to try - from spiced to raspberry. I like the decor, the art, the "feels like home" warmth of the place. Seating inside is scarce, so plan accordingly. There's outside tables, too.
4	I liked this place so much that I kept the cardboard sleeve in the pocket of my parka for six years. Only tonight did I realize I had kept this token to remind me of the place... So in 2001 the place was fab. I don't know about now, but I'd go back to find out!
4	Yum-freaking-y!I really like this place.  The inside mood is cool if I was a student doing some work or was able to bring in my laptop for some non-cubicle focus time.  But in this kind of weather - and whenever it's good - it's the outside every time.  Simple woven metal tables and chairs make for a nice casual hang out space.  On an average morning you'll see ASU students, folks escaping the office and folks meeting friends.I haven't jumped into their baked goods yet because they generally seem a bit more brunch or dessert than breakfast to me.  Though they had this awesome chocolate bundt that was really trying to get my attention. But my main reason for going, and recommending the place, is the coffee.  Super yumtastic.
5	Gold Bar was a great find. Quite tucked away it seems to draw a very mellow and friendly crowd.  What I really like about the place is that it feels like an old world cafe. It's not "alternative" or corporate. Its a cozy, yet soulful cafe with a crowd that ranges from high schoolers to seniors. The coffee, teas, and Italian sodas have treated me well there as have the cool (and often attractive) people behind the counter. Although I've never been there for the live music, that too is a plus. My one complaint was that the place was only open until 8pm, which totally goes against the whole notion of what a cafe is supposed to be! I see now that they've rectified this and are now open until 11. Bravo.
2	Gold Bar has a lot of potential, but disappoints me.1.  The decor is typical "throw junk on the wall" chic.  There's a bit too much clutter and not enough seating.  2.  The prices are a bit steep.  A large mocha will cost you well over $4.003.  The espresso is somewhat weak.  Of the 9 or 10 places in Tempe/ASU area I've tried, Gold Bar is the worst when it comes to espresso strength.  I only knew there was coffee in my latte because it was light brown in color.It still tastes better than Starbucks I guess and it's close to home.  But I've had much better.
4	I'm not really sure why I love this place as much as I do.  I like to go there and do reading, but I wouldn't classify myself as a regular.  Their brownie is great when you're feeling a little low (Am I an emotional eater?  Yes, Yes I am.)   I think I love it because it suits my philosophy on Phoenix and the metro area.   I will share this with you now:  Finding cool places here is like going on a treasure hunt through strip malls.  You can't expect (as I did when I first moved here) to just go and find awesomeness somewhere.  You have to seek it out.  It might be, as The Gold Bar is, facing away from the road.  It might be right next to a Baby Store and there might be a Starbucks just across the way.  I've done some classic eaves dropping and great people watching from their place.
5	I like it.
2	I agree with Chris L.; I was disappointed with the cafe.  Granted, I was looking for a college-type coffeehouse where I could grade papers, and this place just didn't have that sort of lounge-y feel that even certain Starbuck$$ have.  There was no background music being played, and even with my ipod/headphones on, I was distracted by nearby conversations.  I got much more work done at 3 Roots near campus.
4	I'm not a big coffee drinker, but i love hot chocolate, and Gold Bar makes some pretty good hot chocolate. I like the Chocolate Especiale. Nice and creamy, not too strong (so you can have a larger cup and not feel guilty). There's also a pair of comfy chairs directly across from a grandfather clock that quietly chimes every so often. I like hot chocolate. I like comfortable chairs. And I especially like chiming clocks. So, I like this place a lot.
2	for the ambiance and idea behind this coffee shop, i give it two stars.  it's cute, they have a nice espresso machine.the espresso was bitter.  i paid $3.00 for 3 shots.  i added my sugar and half and half at the some what dirty side bar (mostly drips and sugar crystals about, but dried liquid, so it had been there a while).about 3 sips into the drink, i got a huge clot of half and half that must have fallen into my cup from the container as i poured it.  i couldn't bring myself to drink much more, i took the lid off and sipped it, but it was not that great, so i threw it away.i don't know if i would try this again, seeing as the major part that sells me on a coffee place is the quality of coffee, and the cleanliness of the place.
4	The bottom line is Gold Bar is a local spot with a devoted clientele.  It is chill and comfortable.
3	The coffee was good, the place was clean and the staff was friendly. I really like it, and would like to go back when I'm in Phoenix. Unfortunately it's TOO EXPENSIVE.
4	I like this place.  It's tucked in a Bashas strip mall, NOT facing the road.  I found this place when I was running some errands, and thought I would give it a shot.Ok, so I like it here.  Free wifi, cute layout, indoor and outdoor seating.  Seating is limited, in the sense that its a lot of two tops or a few 4 tops, but nothing for a larger group, like lets say a random study group or whatnot.They serve pastries, and I purchased one.  The girl at the counter said that the WIFI was free, but they wanted you to make a purchase, which is a reasonable request.  The drinks, in comparison, are priced more at a starbucks level, from staring at the menu.  prepare to spend $4 on a mocha, and $2.50-$4 on a pastry.  It is quiet in here, no music. But, some people need that, and if I was studying, I would want it quiet in here as well.  This seems like a great little spot.  I have not tried the coffee, yet, but its SO much better then getting starbucks!  The girl who helped me behind the counter seemed to know her stuff.   I like that in a good coffee shop-staff who know thier stuff!What I do NOT like about this place is the lack of bathrooms.  There is one bathroom, but you have to physically cut through the "backroom area" which is ugly and unkept looking.  Its kind of like back in the old days when you were a kid and had to cut through the stock room at the grocery store to get to the bathrooms. I was not impressed with the bathroom situation, and even though the bathroom was clean, I didn't like the fact that I felt like I was using a staff bathroom.  Not cool.So, support your local shops and come here and enjoy.
3	Nice place.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Good coffee.  I forgot what the name is, but I once asked the barista to make me something with lots of chocolate.  It was a mocha made with Ghirardelli chocolate I believe.  I was in love.+ I've been here three times and every time the employees have been respectful and fast.- Their food is... well... gross.+ Good atmosphere.  Great place to study because most of the time loners sit inside and groups sit outside.  If you like alone time when you read/study/whatever (like me), you'll like it here.- I will sadly have to agree with many other reviews: the prices are not worth the coffee.
3	The interior of Gold Bar looks like a hip, arty 75 year old woman's living room. The coffee is good (Allann Bros.) but pricey. Really pricey. But that may have something to do with its being located directly across the parking lot from a very busy Starbucks.If you're in the area, it's a comfortable "let's chat" kind of place.
5	Errrbody hatin' on Gold Bar!Personally, I like their coffee (OK, actually I like the Iced Mocha). I went there almost every single day (sometimes two) through college, so I have some loyalty. Consequently, I think I put one of their kids through college with the amount of coffee I bought. I actually like the fact they don't have music blaring in my ear. It made Gold Bar a much better study environment. On weekends they do have live music (jazz, classical guitar). I can't say anything about the food, except for the yummy McTavish cookies. Sitting is limited. Hours are great. And they are still around despite Starbuck moving in on their territory. HISSBOO.PLUS, they are open on Thanksgiving & Christmas Day for a couple of hours with $1 coffee. HELLSYAH!
5	This place is great.  I must say, in their defense, I have never had bitter espresso.  Everything here, especially the Mocha Especiale, is great.Not to mention they tend to survive despite having a Starbucks across the way.  That's because their coffee beats Starbucks' rancid, burnt dishwater-tasting swill hands down.  They also have a great staff.The sad thing is, I never get a chance to just hang out.  I'm always on the go.  I'm hoping that will change soon, because just walking in there relaxes me.  I also occasionally enjoy their pastries.  I don't know about in the past, but they currently come from a local Kosher bakery.  Haven't tried the cakes or pie yet, but they look delicious.  In summary (since I'm in a hurry to go pick someone up and run by there at the moment as it is), great atmosphere, great service, great coffee.  And, no, I don't think it's too expensive.  The prices here are about normal for most places I've been to.
4	My favorite coffee bar in Tempe. The coffee is great, and the owners and staff treat you special.
4	Gold Bar is not hip, it is not polished, it is not new and it is not standard Phoenix/Tempe.  Gold Bar is easy to like and easy to sit in for a couple of hours grading papers.I come from cozy towns in Michigan, where when the snow falls heavy the streets grow quiet and everyone you meet has tinge of red to their cheeks and the need for a warm drink.  There's a kind of empathy that comes with this quaintness that is hard to find in Phoenix.  It was there in the old 3 Roots but you had to trade it for slow service. It's not there at Cartel, but that's not what Cartel is about.Gold Bar is charming.  You're transported, as much as can be hoped for in our strip mall culture, to a cozy living room in another town when you spend a couple of hours here.  The family that runs it knows many of the customers names, they sell hearty foods and heavy drinks.Just from overhearing the son of the owners talk I can tell you: They have stamp cards. Monday is Pastry stamp Monday. Friday is Extra Shot Friday. Friday and Sunday nights are live Jazz. Sunday morning has classical guitar.  Saturday night is game night, where they have drawings every 20 minutes to give you free drinks, eats and prizes.So, it is quiet and you can hear everybody else, the drinks are a bit expensive and the food is only okay.  All of those things add up to make this place a little slice of home for someone who is not the biggest fan of living in the city that ate the desert.
1	Created a YELP page because I was annoyed with this place. Maybe they have great coffee but thats not my beef with them. I saw they were listed as a great place to smoke a cigar and have a cup of jo. Understanding that some great places do not allow cigars (4Peaks, The Yardhouse...), I called them and said "I understand you guys are cigar smoker friendly?''. The woman on the phone answered, "Yes". When I inquired on a smoking area she said "Just keep them as far away from us as possible". Rude.Thats not "cigar smoker friendly" at all! A simple, "Actually, we do discourage patrons from smoking cigars" would have sufficed. I would have even still went for a simple cup of coffee.Again, maybe their coffee is great...but I'll never know for sure now. Drink Lux!
4	I don't know how I've never made it to Gold Bar before! It's slightly hidden, tucked back by the Basha's and slightly obscured by the Starbucks on the corner. It's definitely the eclectic, funky Tempe cafe I've been looking for. The decor is kitschy - stained glass, random art, cool colors, and great signs. Aside from the basics, their coffee menu has an impressive number of custom drinks with cute names. They  serve cakes and pastries, which I were told come from a Kosher bakery in Phoenix. The place is cute and cool, and the patrons seem to be a mix of students and musically-inclined hipsters. They are definitely on the pricey side, but it seem to be a good place to spend the afternoon working. They have live music on Friday and Saturday evenings, and classical guitar on Sunday mornings. I got my first Gold Bar stamp card - I LOVE being rewarded for eating and drinking. My barista was awesome. He was personable and very friendly. He suggested I get my chai latte with a mix of vanilla and raspberry (his fave) and it was great. He presented my mug of chai with the prettiest Latte Art flower - I very much enjoyed Gold Bar, and will definitely make it a regular stop.
4	Gold Bar is a great, locally owned coffee shop in the 101 / 60 area of Tempe and Mesa. I've been coming here for a few months now and I continue to come back because of the good coffee, fast free WiFi, and very friendly staff. My favorite drink is the Mocha Especiale, a blend of espresso, Ghirardelli Chocolate, and half and half, with whip cream of course. They also have Coca-Cola from Mexico, which has real sugar, stocked in their fridge. Their drip coffee is consistently good, too.WiFi is free and pretty fast, as long as tons of college students aren't there. Even with 10 people on it, the internet is fast. The staff are especially nice. Very down to earth and non-pretentious. Service can be a little slow with lots of people here, but that's some of charm of Gold Bar. It's not your quick in and out coffee shop. You're going to want to cozy up with a good book or your laptop under the unique lamps at each table. The decor might not please everyone, but it's a clean. The only downsides that see are a slightly more expensive menu than competing coffee shops and limited seating indoors in the evenings. However, they have ample amounts of outdoor seating to accomodate lots of people.Gold Bar continues to be a local favorite of mine.
5	This place is a comfortable and great location to do work.  The owners (a couple) and employees are friendly, and unless they are swamped, they are happy to talk with you.  I also like the deserts, particularly the eclaires.  They have a few salty options as well.  However, don't expect to be able to order lunch.  It's a cafe to sit, relax, talk to friends, do work and have a snack or drink.
4	Ups: great staff, regular patrons, eclectic furniture and decorations, unique beans. Feels like a true locally owned shop. It can quickly become "your" coffee shop.Downs: Drinks are a bit expensive. Quality of pulled shots can vary between baristas, sometimes it can get crowded. No actual food. No public restroom (but they'll let you use the one in the kitchen if you ask).
4	Another one of my many indie coffee shops that I love to support.  Gold Bar used to be my main spot to interview high-level candidates as a recruiter, and if they appreciated locally-owned business (which a lot of them did!) they were impressed by the selection.The coffee is great, I'll be honest I'm much more about the ambiance than the expresso itself, and this is probably the most unique in that regard that I've found.  I will agree with another reviewer that the prices are a little higher than most places, even for just plain old coffee, but for a place offering live entertainment etc, it's well worth it!
4	I really do love this place. First off, the staff here is so kind and helpful. This is the small indie kind of cafe where the staff and owners get to know their patrons and there  are definitely "regulars" who come here everyday. I love the atmosphere of this place as well. It feels very homey and it is extremely comfortable. The coffee here is fantastic. They have a lot of different drinks to choose from, and if you like mocha's you are in luck because they have a whole list dedicated to specialty mocha's which are quite delicious and unique combinations! They also sell pastries which are absolutely fantastic. I had the opportunity to try a plethora of things including danishes, black and white cookie, lamington, and muffins. Everything is fresh and delicious!I like how all the pastries come from locals and they do not buy or mass produce their goods. It's not on their menu, (a barista suggested it to me once and it is addicting if you like banana flavor) but try an iced vanilla chai with a pump or so of banana syrup. SO GOOD. I love this place and despite the somewhat high price of drinks, I really feel it is worth it.
4	I stumbled upon this coffee shop as I walked around the shopping complex waiting for my wife. Mind you, I was exhausted from having only 4 hours of sleep over the past day and a half. First, my eyes caught some sort of musicians playing outside the door of some place. At first I thought it was a restaurant until I got a closer look and realized it was a coffee shop!Now, I am a huge fan of locally owned coffee shops...generally speaking. I've been looking around here and there for a place to go in lieu of starbucks. Then I came into Gold bar. It felt like home. The decor and the staff were exactly what I was looking for. I noticed it was a small yet local place which was great. The people were friendly.So, I sleepily walked up to the ladies there and sounding like I was high on something, I ordered a mocha. The mocha was strong but good. I like strong coffee. They put a tiny bit of good whipped cream on top and I kinda wished they had put more. Given the price of the drink, it should have come with a mountian of whipped cream. Their prices are the only thing I have some issue wiht.I saw people using their computers so I figured I would have to come back when it was my writing time and work there. I think the atmosphere alone would prove inspirational. However, it troubles me that I did not notice a bathroom. Long hours hanging out in a coffee house writing and sucking down the cafeine may not go well without a bathroom. We will have to see. :)
4	Been coming here for years and it is always wonderful!  Whether your looking for a place to just hang out, play cards and chat or have some serious studying to do this is the place!  Live music on occasion, game night... always something going on and the coffee and chai's are FABULOUS!  If you're looking for a Starbucks type of place... this isn't it!  Which again, makes the Gold Bar wonderful!
3	Closer to my house than Cafe Solo but it's a little claustrophobic inside. The star rating is for the espresso. It was okay but not the true experience of espresso where the aroma of coffee fills one's entire mouth and nose upon each sip. My guess is that their machine does not generate enough pressure to extract the really delicate flavor components. Seems that folks in Tempe are just fine with $tarbux though so the owners may be excused for complying with market demand.Staff was nice but untrained on the day I visited. If this place were on my way to work I would probably be a regular here.
4	First impressions? Student hang-out. Showed up around 7pm, and the interior was filled with students and their laptops, availing themselves of the free WiFi. Lots of options for both coffee and tea drinkers, especially if you have a sweet tooth. Our barista pointed out some of their candy bar themed coffee drinks, and there were easily a dozen or more. Ample outdoor seating with a smoking area for those who care to mix vices. All in all, not a bad spot, and I'm looking forward to going back and trying out their selection of baked goods as well.
4	The bar was not gold and it was not a bar so much as a counter.  I did not see any gold bars in evidence.  My espresso drink was not concocted in any way involving a gold bar. So basically the name is a total misnomer in my book.I did notice that the employee who made my espresso drink was friendly and helpful, that the drink was good, that the place has free wifi and that there was plenty of seating.Good product, atmosphere and service, no gold bar to be found.This concludes my review of Gold Bar Espresso.Thank you for reading.
5	I've been going to Gold Bar for years -  it was the first coffee shop my sister-in-law Jena took me to when I moved here 10 years ago. The service is always great - this is truly the Cheers of coffee shops. Andrew is always there in the mornings with a smile, ready to help. The eclectic decor makes it feel really cozy, and the fact that outlets adorn the walls and there's free wifi make this one of my favorite places to work.Oh, and get the chai, it's insane!
5	Locally owned by great people! Yummy lattes, and live music and game night! What more could you want?!This place really goes out of their way to offer more than the standard coffee experience.  When the owner found out it was our first time there, she went out of her way to tell us all about their nightly events, give us an extra punch on our first card, and make sure we knew about their specialty drinks.Considering they're in the same parking lot with a Starbucks, you know they have to be offering something special to stay in business.  Support the locals! Go to Gold Bar!!!
5	I was told by one sassy barista named Andrew to come on here and say good things. So..good things. And I mean it.  Gold bar is never a disappointment. My roommates and I live around the corner and just started going more often. Delicious drinks, great atmosphere, and funny and kind coffee-makers. Sometimes it gets a little crowded inside, but when you find a table with an adorable boating or oddly decorated lamp, it's totttally worth it! :)
3	There are things they have that I want to try, thus making me want to return which is indeed a bonus. This includes my favorite treat, red velvet cake.The breve I had wasn't bad and it's a very relaxing place to sit and get some work done. It's sad I always seem to forget about it. One thing I don't like is the wifi. It works similar to those at hotels where you have to sign into a web page. I don't expect it and therefore dislike it greatly.
2	I went in here tonight with the BF. It was weird because I saw a girl I went to HS with, so that was kind of nice (if you're reading this, sorry for the not so great review... nothing to do with you). Anyway, the reason for the low stars is the coffee. I got a latte and it just wasn't that good. It was kind of watery and didn't really have any of that 'latte like' texture. It also didn't have a ton of flavor. The grande was really big, kind of expensive though. The place looked nice enough and they had a band playing, so that was kind of nice. I just wouldn't feel the need to drop 4$ on not very good coffee again. Try Cartel.... they have awesome coffee.
5	Locally owned, delicious espresso, welcoming atmosphere, friendly staff, good treats. I stopped by at 9:30 p.m. and the place was packed with a young crowd, working on computers or chatting about art and music. I think I just found my favorite coffee shop in Tempe.
4	the baristas are awesome, great atmosphere! they knew my regular drink after 3 times coming there- they have a great selection of coffee drinks and teas and their toddy is amazing!
3	Although I was very tempted to give this place 4-stars, I had to settle on 3.  The atmosphere is great, an ideal place for a casual meeting, or just getting some work done.  It's cozy and interesting inside, the staff is nice.  However, on my last visit, the cappuccino I ordered was wayyy too foamy and didn't really taste much like a cappuccino, or much like anything.  This may be due to the skills of that particular barista, but next time I stop in, I'll probably just save my money and order a drip coffee.  However, still a great place to hang out.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed the BEST coffee shop in the East Valley or perhaps even in the entire Phoenix area.  When I had no life (opressed by school, thesis and MCAT) I would spend most of my waking hours at Gold Bar.  I should have been paying them rent. Its more than just a coffee shop... it just has this irreplicable ATMOSPHERE and the friendliest employees I've ever encountered.  Its family owned and everyone that works there is somehow related to one another... creates this really personal vibe and you know they take great pride in their product.  Allan Bros. coffee is the best.  I have even had a friend in Oregon bring some down here for me.  I refuse to drink Starbucks garbage after my palatte has become accustomed to Allan Bros. Its almost annoying because now I frankly dislike any other coffee besides Allan Bros.  Delectable. If you are too fancy for plain coffee or want to color outside the lines...try the Granida... so YUMMY! Its frap'esque' but infinitely better.  Also their iced Toddy is great if you want a jolt of caffiene without the bitterness of regular iced coffee.  Every Sunday morning there is LIVE MUSIC (guitar) at Gold Bar... so lovely and worth checking out.  ***remember your punch card... after 10 punches you get a $1.00 drink! :)
4	The husband, wife and son team who own gold bar are absolutely lovely, lovely people. That goes for the rest of the staff too. They remember you! Even when you make a trip back from a three month long hiatus. All those GIANT pastries are homemade by the wife. They're damn good. (The holiday sugar cookies are extremely popular. And pretty.) Each table has a lamp and there are plenty of outlets (it kind of looks like a fire hazard, but hey that's okay!) So, it's a great study spot in the afternoon, before it gets over populated. The staff knows their way around the menu and they also offer to make you something else if you don't like their suggestion. I've always liked their suggestions. :)You can leave your punch card there in an alphabetically sorted bin, which is convenient if you tend to loose those things like me. The downside is the bathroom. It's a little bit awkwardly placed. You have to work your way through the "kitchen area" to get to it. OH! BONUS! I used to take my weiner dog here. The baristas would always have treats for him. He really likes gold bar too.
4	Love this place....Nice place to study, to get a pretty good coffee and listen good music.  baristas are friendly.... the downside ....no food...I mean real food only pastries....
4	Darn good drip coffee, a very smooth iced coffee, plus the full range of expresso drinks, all made with Allann Bros coffee beans. This family business also offers a wide choice of teas brewed to order. And pastries... OK, step away from the pastry case and don't even look at the ice-chilled, fresh whipped cream dispenser unless you've fasted for the day!At any time, Goldbar is a good place to meet and talk. Friday and Sunday evening, enjoy straight ahead jazz by a quintet including one of the owners on sax.
2	I LOVE coffee and try places all over.  I really, really wanted to like this place.The coffee is average.  The pastries are average but expensive for what you get (americano is $4, muffin $3).  The wi-fi is ok but don't expect to stream music.  It often cuts out.  The air conditioning is set at a high temp so if you like it cool, this is not the place for you.
3	If you prefer locally-owned over Starbucks, then come here. But don't expect a whole lot of seating in this small coffee shop.
1	If we were able to give 0 stars... I would ask to give -1.I live nearby, and am sad to see that a coffeeshop that sells coffee this horrible is still in business in my neighborhood.Not only was the breve mocha that I ordered disgusting, so was the process of watching the barista make my drink.They use hershey's chocolate from a dirty nacho cheese style pump with chocolate sauce dripping down the sides, and coagulated into a thick cap at the tip of the nozzle.  *Disgusting.  The espresso shot was made without care, or concern for the fact that it was done way too quickly, and with espresso grounds that were ground way before I walked in the door.  Possibly way before the barista started her shift.   *GrossAnd finally.  The milk.  She steamed the milk with the automatic steam wand.  This was a huge red flag.  Those are notorious for burning milk and making disgusting drinks.  Well, both were accomplished. The steam wand was tinted white from lack of cleaning.  And the worst part was that near the end of the wand was a DARK CHEESE that had accumulated from burning milk and not cleaning the wand after every use. Which is FREAKIN - DISGUSTING.I wasted 5 bucks on an overpriced small mocha, and threw it away after taking a sip.  Hundreds of businesses in the area close down every year, and there are more realty signs in strip malls in this neighborhood than actual storefronts.  AND I really don't understand why this place hasn't joined the many defunct businesses and starry eyed entrepreneurs in the unemployment line.  If you own a coffeeshop.  Coffee should be your passion.  If you own a bait shop.  Fishing should be your passion.If you just want to open up a business that mirrors a nearby popular chain (short, tall, grande), please stop wasting space in the strip mall and get a day job in a cubicle.Never going back, warning my friends about this place, and am probably going to contact the health department on Monday.
5	I love the Gold Bar, they are friendly and fast, they are an independant coffe shop and have a great atmosphere. They have a punch card and weekly specials.  I go 2-3 times a week and have never felt I had a bad coffee yet.  I always see regulars there from the neighborhood so you know its good when they have such a great group of locals going every day......
4	I'm not a coffee snob, but I love a good Americano.  This place has the charm you'd expect from a locally owned coffee shop complete with  eclectic decor, artwork on the walls, odds-and-ends of gaudy lamps and stained-glass windows.  The coffee is pretty good from what I have experienced.  The air-conditioning is right where it needs to be as well. Most important factor for this business:  very nice staff.  That alone makes me want to come by more often.
4	So I am not usually in the Tempe area, but a friend told me about this place. So I though I would go try it out. I got a Grande Latte that was around $4. Not a bad price. But what made it worth it was that I guess this Friday I went was a Free Shot Friday. So I got an extra Espresso shot in my latte making it a triple for $4 bucks...no that is a deal. Not sure if they always have the promotion on Fridays. But it sure did make my morning a little better.Their menu is very easy to read and give those no too educated in the was of coffee a good description of what each drink is and how it is made.The had a ton of great looking pastries even though I didn't sample any. Cakes, Eclairs, Scones, and I think even what looked like cheesecake. The decor was very interesting. An old fashion coffee house meets a gypsy vibe. I think they have Wifi too. I saw a few people on there computers.The service was a little slow I think. Felt like I was waiting for my drink for 10 minutes and the place was not really that busy. This was probably because of the guy ahead of me when I walked in who had about 7 different modifications to his drink. I have worked in a coffee place and those people are kind of annoying. So I will let them slide on the time of service.Overall a great experience. Would have been 3 stars, but when you get something for free, in my book that is an automatically another star.
2	It wasn't a very big coffee shop. My boyfriend and I met a small group of friends around 2 pm on a Saturday. The place was crowded with people stopping in. There was only one person to run the counter so the service was pretty slow. I told the woman I found the place on Yelp because it said to mention that for a .50 off per drink discount. She didn't give us the correct discount. I guess I should've spelled it out so she understood what I was wanting. I ordered the Mocha Especiale. It was alright, but it tasted a little gritty to me. So, overall I wasn't that impressed and it's a place I can live without.
3	Way back when dinosaurs roamed the earth and I was a high school kid (Well OK, it wasn't that long ago, but it feels like it!), Gold Bar was actually in the building that is now occupied by Extreme Bean.  Its name Gold Bar stems from the fact that the building actually used to be a bank that held gold bars in the vault.  I'm not sure the reason for relocating (which was also years and years ago, probably when I was in college, AKA, the Neolithic era), but the current location is a lot smaller, and doesn't quite hold the same quirky charm as the old location.  In any case, they have fast, friendly service, and a plethora of iced and hot mocha selections (e.g., raspberry torte, almond joy, chai chocolate to name a few).  After only getting a few hours of sleep the day before, I needed a pick-me-up, so I headed to Gold Bar to caffeinate my day!  I got the iced chai mocha, which was pretty good.  I could definitely taste the chai spices in it, and the chocolate with some coffee flavor.  It had a slight hint of bitterness though.  They have different creamer selections, such as soy or rice milk (add $.75), but I didn't see a lot of sugar free options.  Until I see more sugar free syrups, I'll probably head to Extreme Bean instead for my flavored coffee fix.
3	Received a message from the owner saying they do have some sugar free syrups, so I'll give them another try next time I want some coffee!
5	I love this little coffee shop. Amidst all of the commercial coffee places around, this seems down to earth and unassuming.  The barista is always friendly.  I like to support local businesses and would, by far, support Gold Bar than Starbucks located across the parking lot.
4	I tend to prefer locally-owned coffee shops over large chains, and Gold Bar embodies most of the reasons why.The place is rather small, but most of the time there's still plenty of open seating at tables. (It can get pretty crowded on weekend mornings.) The decor gives it a bit of an "indie" feel, but very warm and enclosed: almost like you're sitting there doing your work in a kind stranger's home (full of other people doing work).The coffee is above average, as have been most of the specialty drinks I've tried. Their extra-caffeinated "Totti coffee" can be helpful for an extra jolt of energy, especially to the highly caffeine-tolerant. The deserts in the window are generally pretty good, but deceptively sugary and dense- not recommended for the faint of heart. Their quiches (weekends only, I think) are delicious!It's a great place for working/studying as well. Plenty of outlets, good seating and lighting, free wi-fi!
3	This place has promise, and I'll be certain to give it another shot. Lots of seating inside and out, so it looks like a great place to hole up for work. Good vibe, and it looks like they have live music from time to time. Perhaps it was just an off day, but the barista on duty was pretty green. Ordered a cappuccino, but it was more of a latte. Oh well. I'll be back.
4	In town drinking a lovely mocha.  It is delish! Not bitter and the the place is adorable! I am drinking my coffee and the owners are just amazing! Wish we had a place like this in Tucson! I give my vote to this place for sure!
4	This place was quite busy for being a Friday afternoon.  The young gal at the register was not only friendly, but helpful in picking out what to try.  Since I was having a procedure done later, I wanted to lay off the espresso/caffeine, so I skipped that altogether and had an amazing iced Cinnamon Cardamon herbal tea.  Along with that I had a Zucchini muffin (proudly displayed next to about 6 other types of muffins they carry... all supposedly from a nearby bakery).  I got to tell ya, I was IN LOVE with that muffin.  It was made perfectly: an impressive amount of walnuts, dense, but still moist.. no overwhelming sugar ... and you can see little bits of zucchini in the bread.The last time I had home made zucchini bread was when I was in middle school... many, many, many years ago and it always left an impression on me - this was the perfect way of reliving that.  It was outstanding!  I think I would go back just for that zucchini muffin.. seriously.I liked the ambiance - very cozy and very neighborly.. lots of locals (students, too) studying, typing, surfing, working, reading, etc.
2	staff could and should be nicer given that my coming in pays the bills. Coffee could and should be cheaper to keep me coming in. not enough outlets. I MUST COMPUTE!
5	The coffee and the staff are great! The staff and clientele are friendly yet quirky and interesting. Great all around!
5	Amazing Owners and Staff always friendly.  I tried the New Matcha Frozen Frap its like Candy SOOO Good. Love this place locally owned and operated..
4	I come here 4 days a week. Great staff. Not really much you can say about a coffee shop. Prices are reasonable and they have a punch card (10 drinks, get one for $1). I think that is kind of dumb though. I buy 10 drinks at approximately $4 then I am spending $40. Why can't I get a free drink? You're really going to charge me a buck? Regardless, I keep coming back. My one MAJOR complaint is their internet really stinks. Some days it barely works. Sadly, that is why I will go there when I don't need my internet and will visit their competitor down the street (Xtreme Bean) when I need to use my computer. If they had solid internet I would probably live there and it would definitely be 5 stars! P.S. Sometimes you can catch the Subway connection from next door and it is better!
5	COFFEEI don't drink coffee so I have no idea if their coffee is any good, but the cinnamon orange tea I had was tasty.SERVICEThe service was prompt and quite friendly in my single experience there.ATMOSPHEREThe environment inside Gold Bar is relaxing and comfortable, not as trendy or artsy as Cartel, but nicer and more comfortable in my opinion.
2	I've only been here two times and don't plan on coming back. My friend took me here for the first time and it was ok, I feel like the tables are a little cramped in an awkward way so we chose to sit outsude. Coffee is ok, I've had better. I do think it is overprices. $5 is a little much for what really looks like a medium size drink instead of a large. My second visit the girl asked what I wanted and while I was telling her she interrupts me to join in on her co-workers conversation. Rude. If you want good, cheaper coffe with a great staff I suggest Solo Cafe.
5	I love this place! So friendly and they have really cool teas. Today I'm drinking coconut cocoa tea, which isn't actually that sweet but has a wonderful coconut aroma. I like writing here and I will continue to be a loyal customer.
2	Two stars seem kind of low, but the description of "Meh.  I've experienced better" is suitable.  Three stars is "A-OK," not how I would describe this place.  I love to support local business - would much rather give my money to a local business owner than some big chain conglomerate.  Sorry Gold Bar, but you'll have to do better if you want to earn business from me.  I won't support local business if they aren't up to standards.  This was the first time that I have visited this place.  I waited a very long time to place my order with just one person ahead of me.  It seemed to take the coffee person 10 minutes to make one coffee drink.  I ordered some kind of iced tea.  They used the same tea bags that I use at home, nothing special, it wasn't a loose leaf specialty, which is what I would expect from the prices they charge.  I also have to question how old that tea was - it certainly tasted like it was old.......I waited for a very long time to get my tea.  I finally went up to the counter to ask and they said, "Oh, we put orders over on the other side."  I would have thought that they would have called out my order when it was ready rather than just leaving it sit there on the counter.  That's what most places do!  This place was crowded on the day that I was there, which surprised me.  Lots of people with computers doing work and a few study groups with toddlers running around.  It seemed cramped and small with all of the people stuffed in there.  Wondering why so many people go there......The other thing that I really disliked was that I had to go into the back of the place to use the restroom.  Dark, dingy and dirty were the words that came to mind.  Yuck - if the bathrooms and back of house aren't clean, it makes me wonder about the rest of the place........
4	Love this coffee shop. Love the ambiance. Great cozy place to read a book. Coffee is pretty good as well. Super friendly staff and yummy treats as well :)
3	I have frequented this place a couple of times but have not been able to make up my mind about it.  It has a friendly atmosphere and lots of space to sit and work.  I read how some Yelpers can't comprehend why it's still in business given how sub par their coffee and service can be. But I think it's because it has that "Cheers" factor.  A place where everybody knows your name, sort of speak.  The times that I've been there, the owners and regulars seem to have a good connection.  All I know is, I like it better than Xtreme Bean.  They are much "cleaner."
4	The Gold Bar Expresso cafe is a true gold nugget find and is an indie.  It is one of the few places that can accommodate the whole family listening to excellent live jazz music on Friday and Sunday evenings without any cover charge.  KJZZ jazz program personality Paul Anderson often sits in to join the group which features an excellent vibes player (very rare to hear in Arizona).  The Gold Bar doesn't do French Press coffee (bummer) and their brew isn't exceptional but their pastries are excellent (especially the Apple Pie with whipped cream atop without additional charge.  Check the place out if you like java and jazz as well as a drop in place with plenty of outlets for using your laptop as many ASU students and others do.  Parking is plentiful.
4	I like to support locally owned businesses but only if they deliver. Gold Bar does. Even offer live jazz on weekends.
5	Really good coffee and good hot chocolate too.
4	If you are not in a hurry, like the personable interaction of a small shop and eclectic atmosphere, Gold Bar Espresso is the perfect place for you.  My favorite feature is the line of Big Train Chai that they carry (mmmm vanilla raspberry, please).The owners are very nice.  I've really enjoyed the jazz band performance before.Areas open for improvement?  Maybe it's just me, but I dislike how a pastry tastes when it's been wrapped in plastic wrap.  That was my experience with my breakfast from Gold Bar the other day.  I understand the convenience of individually wrapping the pastries, but I couldn't really smell anything but plastic.
4	This is a eclectic little coffee shop in an area that seems to have a lot of competition for the coffee drinkers in that part of town. There are three shops in this area. They were hopping despite the lateness of the hour (8:30) on a weeknight.  The service was friendly but not too fast. I didn't mind though. The girl helping me was very knowledgeable about what different drinks they offered which were sans caffeine. Overall, a great experience!
2	This place was okay... They are open later than most places, which is why I went there, but I've had better. Their decaf was pretty bitter and I had grainy pieces of something in the bottom of my latte. Also, per oz it was more expensive than a Starbucks (which, sorry, was better than this latte). They had live music which was kind of cool, but their space is also incredibly cramped - not good for larger groups or if you need room to spread out with work/school stuff.
3	I love coffee! This place felt very "home-y". The people behind the counter were very friendly. The coffee was alright, but I had a cappuccino. They also closed an hour before the posted time-
2	Just so-so for a coffee place. There's a nice atmosphere and plenty of space if you wanted to study or chat with friends. The biggest problem though are the drinks. When a large chain like Starbucks or the independently owned coffee place that took up residence in your previous location has you beat on pricing, there had better be some mind blowing quality to back it up. Sadly, I was disappointed in the results.For two tall (12oz) iced drinks we spent $10, and a dollar of which was just for the ice! Seriously, there's no reason to charge an extra $0.50 just to ice my drink down and so far this is the only place that charges extra for a cold drink. As for the pricing, I could walk out of most other coffee places with a Venti (20oz) or more for that price. Still though, I was hopeful in the quality of the coffee.There's a unique combination of flavored mochas that you can order like the Milky Way Mocha, the Almond Joy mocha, and Black Forest Mocha just to name a few. The flavors sound great in thought but in practice there wasn't much to write home about. I got the Milky Way mocha since the combination of white chocolate, dark chocolate, and caramel sounded like a good mix. Would have been better of asking for an espresso in a glass of milk because that's mostly what I got. None of the other flavors were present except for coffee laced milk. Now I know that's what most of these mocha drinks are but at least there's a hint of the flavor that was ordered. Not a bit of it in this one.I'm not sure how their black coffee is so for the manic coffee only drinkers, I can't speak to the quality of their brew. But I can say that $5 for 12oz of milk is way too much. I may try Gold Bar again sometime, but won't be for a while
4	I've been a frequent visitor at this mom and pop coffee house for about twenty years now and can honestly say that their variety of different mocha concoctions (my personal favorites) puts them head and shoulders above the corporate coffee giants that surround it, be it your Starbucks, Coffee Bean, and Dutch Brothers.If I were to recommend a few of my go-to drinks that will undoubtedly give you that kickstart you're looking for, I'd go with either the Iced White Chocolate Mocha with Peanut Butter syrup and a packet of Sugar In The Raw.  Absolutely delicious!  Also, found on their specialty menu, you'll find the Iced Neapolitan (Chocolate, Vanilla, Strawberry) and the Tropical Treat (Coconut and Almond).  Very unique, smooth flavor from both of them will keep you coming back for more!The staff is very friendly and accommodating, and the interior has a very comfortable feel that invites you to spend some time there and relax.Love the place and will continue to stop by when I'm looking for something a little out of the box compared to the usual fare offered by the big boys surrounding the area!
1	I should have left Gold Bar when one now past worker  first started talking about me about two years ago: I apparently stared at her (um, no).  Yeah, I go to a coffee shop, not to work on my PhD, but to look at you--that sounds realistic--who wouldn't think that?! Could it perhaps be that this person would look at me and I would notice and look up?  This barista has had both other baristas and friends of hers that would come in talk about me as well. I won't even state here what one of the baristas said because it was truly wrong.  However, I will state that one woman said to her friend that the original barista in question told her that I was "crazy." I can't even believe that no one would not call out that crazy behavior from the barista--I just sit there and work, WTF. Anyway, I feel as though, despite being a coffee shop in a college town, one of the few open late, that they do not want regular customers, or perhaps my status as a PhD student is not good enough for them since it seems that because I go here often it is a problem somehow.  I sorely wish I did not spend my money at this place ever.AND,when I say PhD student, it is not to brag--I worked my a@@ off and nothing was a handout for all of  my degrees--rather, it is to say, no, I have stuff I am trying to do and perhaps rather than pay attention to others, some in AZ should just focus on their own life.
5	I come here almost every day.It has become my home away from home. It's a great place to study, play games, or just read. It is also one of the only ones open late in Tempe. Also, punch cards for loyal customers. Ambiance: very homey. They have a rotating gallery of different local artists. Books in the back for your perusal, or a bunch of games.Service:Friendly. I've had a special order multiple times, and they did it with a smile. The owners Karen and Dennis are awesome people. The customers that they attract are nice and friendly too. Beverages:My recommendations are the multiple CHAI selections for tea lovers. They also make a green tea matcha similarly to Starbucks. If you have a dairy free or vegan, they have multiple selections of milks: ALMOND, SOY, COCONUT and RICE. They obviously have the regular milks as well. They have 15+ different kind of mochas. Food and Pastries: Savory: They have amazing egg burritos (Roasted Verde is my personal favorite) and quiches. The pastries are great too. Music: Live jazz on Fridays and Sundays, and acoustic guitar on Sundays.
4	A review, and a thank you to Karen and Dennis at Gold Bar Espresso. We enjoyed a New Year's Eve at Gold Bar Espresso with live jazz music, a friendly (and sober!) crowd. It was like a neighborhood get together. We simply could not have improved on the evening in any way. I found Gold Bar after moving here from Seattle several years ago. Inside, you could be in any city in the world, but you would not expect it to be Arizona. It is a great, comfortable place where the tables and chairs don't match and you would not want them to. It is a place with a few comfy chairs, hidden corners, and a few books if you did not bring your own. Worth an hour of time to relax, escape the cookie-cutter corporate and support a locally business. Sort of like Cheers with no beers,
1	Sorry but these owners are quite something. We called to ask if they book live musicians. The girl who answered was very polite and said yes we do lemme get you Dennis, he handles the bookings. As soon as he got on the phone we asked if they book live musicians and he promptly said, no. We asked that we thought it said on the website they had live music. He answered "In the 20 years I have been here we have never had it". He then hung up with no further comment. Calling back the next day, we spoke with his wife Karen not because we wanted to know about the live music but rather about her husband's rudeness. Of course she defended him saying she could not believe he would be such a way. Of course, that is her role as his wife and supporter but first he outright LIED about live music, and then second was just very short and rude to someone who may have stopped in to partake of their services. Sorry but after an experience like that, how COULD we go there? If Dennis was not interested in booking, a simple sorry no we aren't booking right now would have been appropriate. Lying about it and his behavior just were not called for. And to Karen, maybe you could not imagine your husband acting rude but it happened. We would NOT have called back if it hadn't. If we were told, no we aren't booking presently, we would have let it go. There is no doubt that when people are there in person, they put on their customer face and are all smiles and joyful, as per many reviews here. Perhaps their phone manners are just what is lacking. It was quite a shock I will tell you, especially seeing how on his site, Dennis portrays himself as a man of God, a preacher. Is THAT how the church teaches it's representatives to act? Very disappointing.
5	A great little locally-owned coffee shop. So nice to have an alternative to Starbucks. Good coffee in a comfy venue. Friendly service & friendly atmosphere. All different types of people visit here too. My only complaint is that the bathroom is in a weird place. Real live jazz on weekends.
5	this is my first time here and I love it!! Trust, i'll be back tomorrow! :)
4	I've been going to Gold Bar for about a year now. They have a lot of different special mochas that i enjoy and they don't mind modifying orders to my preference. The place could use a little remodeling but I don't mind the current state.
5	Cool environment, awesome service & the Mocha Especiale (I think that's how you spell it) is too die for!!!!
5	Great little spot that plays live jazz. The chairs aren't too comfortable and lighting is rather... yellow. This is a rather quieter place, even though there's plenty of people who talk. It's just a smaller venue and not super well lit, not like some of the bigger, more swanky looking coffee places.Still, I like the place as it has a mom and pop feel and I support small businesses first and foremost.They didn't seem to mind that I had my sewing machine out a few times and I had worked on fixing several garments. I like their frequent drinks program and got a nice smoothie for $1 when I claimed one card's worth of punches.
5	Great coffee shop, good for studying and meeting with people. Just has muffins and other baked goods, no sandwiches. Very friendly barista staff.
4	Stumbled upon this place by accident. Not a coffee drinker but their selection of iced teas was great and really enjoyed the one I chose. Great ambience and fun hangout. It's cold inside so bring a jacket. Also, how do I say this nicely...it needs a good cleaning and organization. It is kinda dumpy looking and in this day and age...that is just as important as the quality of the product you sell. It's everything one loves about a coffee shop but this one needs some investment in refreshed remodeling soon.
4	My husband and I were on a search for a place to bring out laptops while the grandparents watched the kiddos for a bit.  I know, it's not the most thrilling use of a kid-free Saturday afternoon, but at least we ordered a coffee - caffeine after 2pm is a little edgy?Ok, so maybe not, but at least we ventured some place new rather than Starbucks.  And apparently ordering caffeine after 2pm is normal behavior for young folk these days because nearly every table and chair were taken.  There is not a ton of seating because the place is very compact, but you can also perceive it to be cute, charming, quaint and comfortable.  There is a small living setup with an old bookcase, books and board games hidden around the corner. This is where we able to find a table. There are also tables outside for the overflow.The menu was good - coffee and flavorings with an impressive bakery display that I pretended did not exist because I am not Day 6 of a sugar-reduced diet.There was a friendly girl working the counter, a clean bathroom, and free wifi.  Everything was looking like a five star review until the coffee was a little more than half way gone...the caffeine put me in "work" mode, my head was down, I was working ferociously....and then the wifi dropped.I immediately blamed my stupid computer but then I looked up to see that everyone's computer displayed the same "cannot load webpage" message.  The internet stayed down so I left, and my table was immediately overtaken by young hipsters.I enjoy the offbeat path so I would go back to this place, just probably not during the peak hours so that I could ensure a place to sit.
4	Come for the caffeine fix, stay for several other things (including, but not limited to:)- the owner, who I'm strategically trying to adopt into my own family.- the heavy, comforting, granny's-house-reminiscent ceramic mugs.-  almond milk and outlets, or chicken soup for the hipster soul.- consistently respectful "inside voices" (circa 3rd grade) used by clientele. - treasure trove of board games that you're not going to play, but that you enjoy knowing you could.- the feeling of peaceful privacy that is nonexistent at institutions like Lux or Cartel.Oh, yeah, and the coffee's pretty good, too. When I need a coffee shop without that 21st-century coffee shop vibe, Gold Bar is my go-to.
5	Chatty baristas, tasty coffee, mismatched furniture without any pretense, board games, live jazz, uber (the biggest drink size) upgrades on Wednesdays, a motley selection of snacks, free wifi, and hodgepodge of college students, grandmas, locals, bikers, hipsters and more, Gold Bar reminds me of my very first coffee house back in the day. when I first discovered the glories of caffeine and people watching. This small little joint  is not a swanky place, but it is like a bit of home, albeit home with chai tea, almond joy coffee, and espresso.
4	This is a great neighborhood coffee house. Family owned and friendly. Best pastries around!! And their coffee is better than the close competition. They also have delicious cold brew iced teas every day. It's a great spot to relax on a hot afternoon. I love the friendly laid back atmosphere.
3	A cozy coffee shop just right for studiers and small group hangouts.I've stopped in here multiple times for three reasons:1. It's not Starbucks (no offense, I just don't like their coffee)2. Free WIFI3. Lots of tables to do workThe coffee here is OK too, but it's a tad on the expensive side. Maybe we can set something up where I buy one drink, and you let me do homework here for the week?I've had their iced latte and chai, both tasty, but nothing spectacular. Still, I really like the feeling of sitting in this place. Some of the tables have their own old-timey lamps on them and the baristas are friendly. Overall, the atmosphere is inviting and it's a good place to people watch.
3	I've been to coffee shop a few times before, pretty cool place overall but my last visit reduced the chances of coming back. You see, a student and I organized an informational interview at the Starbucks down their parking lot. I chose the location just because it was easier to see from the street. As expected, the lobby was packed and we couldn't find a place to sit. We tried sitting outside and being a cold December morning, we did not endure the cold too well. I knew we should have started out at the Gold Bar so I decided to move our conversation there. Now we already had coffee drinks in hand, so not too long after finding a place to sit down inside the Gold Bar we get approached by one of the employees asking us if wanted any thing. My stomach sank. They weren't happy with the outside drinks and he made the point of telling us so after I agreed to purchase a pastry. As I was buying at the register, I got an earful from the manager and I apologized for bringing in Starbucks coffee.Perhaps it is unethical to consciously bring in outside drinks to an establishment but this was really a product of circumstance. I was not happy at a competitor's location and I came to an old favorite only to be shot down once I walk in. I question their no-outside drink policy. I felt alienated and embarrassed. Although, the Gold Bar's ambiance is calm, tranquil, and great for catching up with people or having informal interviews, that last visit made it less inviting, so I'm not sure I'll come back.
2	I'm always a supporter of any local, non-SBux coffee shops, but was unfortunately not a big fan of Gold Bar.   If I lived closer or was a student, I'd give it another shot, but my first visit didn't impress me much to make me want to come back. I had a work meeting here recently and spent several hours hanging out here.  *ordered a ham & cheese croissant, which was given to me slightly smashed, cold, and wrapped in plastic wrap . So not appealing!!  I was told there was a microwave I could heat it up in myself if I wanted.... really? at least heat it up for me and put it on a plate... *bathrooms not well kept*internet did not work, asked multiple times and was told to use the next door (Subway's) internet instead*no indoor seating was available, sat on the patio which was nice but birds were annoying*Chai tea latte had a different flavor to it  - couldn't quite pinpoint it.  Didn't like it at first, but it grew on me.   I did like the big mug it came in at least!
5	Best chai latte ever. I go here all the time with my husband and two sons. This place beats Starbucks hands down for flavor and price.
5	Excellent coffee and the owner is always the sweetest! :) my morning stop before church at redemption, close by! French vanilla iced red eye!
