4	New foot massage place in Chinatown. Drove by and saw the $20/h special, so decided to give it a try.Spacious place, nicely decorated, clean, comfortable sofas, very good massage. What else can I ask for? I would have given it a 5 stars if my massage therapist spoke at least 2 words of English and if I had been offered tea or water. Beside that, GREAT experience and I recommend it to anybody.
5	Very pleased that I checked out this place.  The bomb foot massage!  One hour for $20.  They massaged me from head to toe.  Highly recommend.
5	My friend and I decided to try this place since we had a super bad experience at the Good Foot Spa.  The building was a single building rather than a small place in a strip of shops. It had lights and lanterns decorating the outside with a "Grand Opening" and "$20/hour" sign hanging outside. We were greeted by a man who spoke English who could answer our questions.  He told us foot reflexology is $20/hour and that included a body massage, so we decided to stay.The place is quite large inside with quite a few areas with 2 chairs in each.  We were given hot tea and there was candy on the table between the chairs.  The massage therapists were excellent.  The soft music was relaxing and the ladies didn't talk to each other in Chinese like the Good Foot Spa that we went to the night before.  They spent a lot of time on our feet and just as much on the body massage.  Most places don't really concentrate on the feet as much even though they are foot reflexology spas.  It was such a good massage, it seemed like we were there for longer than an hour.  We paid at the front desk and the cost was still $20.  We tipped over 20% and the ladies were happy with their tips. This was unlike the massage therapists at the Good Foot Spa, that insisted on tips way over 20%.   My friends and I have gone to foot reflexology spas in San Francisco, LA, San Jose, and other locations in Vegas.  This definitely was one of the best.  Positives were great massages, great price, professional therapists, and pleasant atmosphere.  I highly recommend this place.
5	$20/hr foot massage.  Need I say more?Anyone who knows me knows I love a good foot rub!  And finally, Las Vegas has seen the light and is offering $20/hr foot massages!  Yes, you heard that right - $20/hr foot massages!  (What's even sweeter, you can buy 5 gift cards and get 1 free here!! Score!)Bali Foot Spa is yet another place that has popped up in Vegas and smack dab in the oh so popular area of Spring Mountain.  This place is lit up like a Christmas tree at night, so it's really hard to miss if you're driving down Spring Mountain and it's dark.Walking in on a weekday evening, I asked immediately if they had two females available and they did! Yes!  (Usually I call other places first and they say they do, but it involves them calling around first to make sure.)  Not here, these ladies are ready and waiting to work which is always a plus!  And it looks like they had at least two people whose dedicated job was to answer the phones and work the cash register.  (This is important to me because I hate when they answer the phone when they are working on me.)Walking into the massage area, their space is enormous!! It's almost like a showroom!  Areas are partitioned off with 2-3 chairs in each space and they had a good amount of clients in there when we walked in.  I think they would have no problem accommodating a large group last minute.Overall, my girl was good.  I was pleased with what she did and she didn't smell like cigarette smoke (a common thing when you get a guy working on you).  The Husband said his girl was okay, although he fell asleep relatively early and was snoring away, so I'm not sure how he can really judge it.  I think it's a good sign when they put him to sleep so quickly.Sidenote: It's hard for me to be loyal to one specific foot  massage place because ultimately, it's the person working on you, right?   Very rarely have I gotten the same person twice at any foot massage place and they were that stellar that I would only request for them.  (I'm always curious to see what other people can do.)  I will definitely be going back there again though because we bought the gift cards!
4	I like a place that's honest, hassle free, and just deliver good service. $20/hour foot massage...no strings attached.  Although the menu says "foot massage", I give it 4 stars because it's basically a head to toe massage...Scalp, head, back, legs, arms, feet.  They distribute the time evenly to each body part.The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that my massage therapist smelled like an ash tray.  It wasn't over powering, but I can tell he was a smoker.
5	A great place, very relaxing I go every 2 weeks Bali Foot is the best I have been to.Clean and Confortable sofas. Everyone is friendly. 2 thumbs up.
4	This was my first experience with any of the foot massage places.  After reading Teri C.'s glowing review and really needing some work on my sore legs and shoulders, Mel C. and I decided to try Bali Foot Spa on a whim.  We got there around 9:30pm on a Saturday night and the parking lot was full.  We walked in and it seemed like there were people waiting, but they must have been employees waiting for customers because we were immediately taken to the massage area.  The place was fairly dark with only a few lights on to keep it nice and relaxing, but there were also a couple of kids running around, probably related to the owners or employees?  That made the experience not as relaxing as it could have been.  The place is just one big room with massage areas separated by partitions, not walls, so you can hear everything going on around you.  We were led to one section with two reclining massage beds and it seems that there are several others of these sections with two beds.  Our massage therapists brought us each a foot spa to soak our feet in while they massaged us.PROS: - you cannot beat the price of $20 for a full hour.               -my massage therapist did not beat me up.  I was a little wary because I have a few sensitive areas on my back from an old injury, but the type of massage done here is more karate chopping and lots of pressing down, not so much kneading on the back.                  -it's pretty much full body, starting from the face to the scalp, to shoulders, arms, lots of attention paid to the feet and calves, and some quad massage (more of the pressing down, not kneading action).  We did flip over onto our stomachs towards the end for more back, shoulders, arms, glutes (she used her forearm to press down), and a bit more of the feet.CONS:  -it's a little noisy with the kids running around and just being in an open area.  You hear lots of slapping and such from other people being massaged. Mel's massage therapist at one point had to clear her throat of a loogie and got up to get rid of it (i.e., spit) and I could hear that, too.  Then, the guy in the next cubicle started snoring really loudly (it wasn't me, Mel), so that was a little distracting; I actually wanted to start laughing, but I was trying to concentrate on relaxing and be in the moment.Overall, I would go back because it's a bargain when you need some relaxation and the kinks knocked out.  Our therapists were very friendly and attentive and we did get a full hour for the price as advertised.  I would note that you are fully clothed the whole time, but it might be helpful to wear a tank top and shorts rather than long sleeves and jeans just so you can get more of a real massage.
4	This review is going to be more of a comparison between Bali Foot Spa and Best Foot Spa. Like everyone has stressed on their reviews already...$20 per hour here at Bali Foot.When it comes to these foot spas out here, it's usually Best Foot that I go to.  I try to get a massage in at least once a month just to address aching muscles and to relieve some stress.  My most recent visit to Bali Foot Spa was actually my first visit too.  I first heard of Bali Foot Spa from Terri R. She mentioned that Teri C recently gave a 5 star review.  So, we both had to check this place out one evening.  Plus, it's cheap. Best Foot Spa vs. Bali Foot Spa:-Price:  Bali wins! At Bali, their massages are only $20 per our.  Best Foot is almost double, but I have gotten $24 full hour massages at Best Foot from time to time. I'm just comparing their normal prices. -Location:  Bali wins!  This location is a little closer to me and to the strip.  -Service:  Tie on this one.  Some of the nicest people working at both locations. -Ambiance:  Best Foot Spa wins!  Bali is bigger, maybe even 3 times bigger.  But Bali gets busy and loud.  At Best Foot, it's tranquil and relaxing.  Keep in mind, that I also get my massages normally on weekends when it's busier anyway. I have to see if it's quieter during the weekdays at Bali.  I also wished Bali had walls separating their rooms to at least cover some of the surrounding noise (i.e. kids playing, babies crying, people chattering, and even other people snoring).  I swear Terri R was snoring, but she'll deny it to the end. -Massages (Feet, Calves, Hands, Arms, Head, Face, Neck, and Arms):  I give this one to Best Foot.  -Massages (Quads, Hamstrings, Glutes, and Back):  Bali takes this one.-Overall Massages:  At Best Foot, the massages are tailored to your liking or request.  They ask you what parts you want worked on longer, what are your likes, and dislikes.  After a few visits, they know who to give you and also know how much pressure you will need. At Bali's, they just do their routine massage.  I wish more time was spent on my back, glutes, and hamstrings. I think on my next visit I will see if they can tailor their massages on my needs. I know this may seem odd, but I usually ask that they spend less time on my feet.  I know, I know, it's a foot spa.  But I'm a ticklish like Tickle Me Elmo (i.e. Tickle Me Melmo).  Overall, I think that Bali and Best Foot are two different types of massages.  At Best Foot, they kick your butt and grind into your muscles to the point that you're close to screaming like a madman.  You don't hear snoring at Best Foot, you hear moaning and groaning.  That's moaning and groaning from the massages by the way. At Bali's, their massages is more relaxing and soothing to the point you hear more snoring over groaning. For now, I'm not favoring one over the other. If I need a deep massage, then it's Best Foot for me. If I'm looking for a more relaxed massage, then it's Bali's. PS: The only thing keeping me from giving Bali Foot 5 Stars is all the unnecessary noise throughout this place.  I also realized later that Terri R wasn't the Duchess of Snore, it was someone else in another room.  Again, wish they had some walls to block out some of the noise.
4	This place is great!! I have Been to a few  local foot spas in town and this place totally outdoes them. At Bali, it is only $20 for a foot, head, shoulder and back massage. There is no hassle here (unlike thousand feet spa ) where they advertise $20 hour massages and then try to up-sell you after the massage and tell you it is $35 plus require a $15 tip. Plus, they answer the door fully clothed which is appreciated compared to my last experience at thousand feet.  I fell asleep during the foot massage. I would have liked more foot reflexology, my therapist did a good job. I tipped her ten dollars and she was happy :)
4	This is a legit foot massage place.  It's not one of "those" places that you don't want to be in.  On a recent trip to Las Vegas, we were tired from walking around the Strip and decided to try a foot massage place on Spring Mountain Rd before we drove back to Phoenix.  We found this joint...they offer massages for $20 per hour, with a $10 tip it's $30 per hour all-in, score!The inside of the place is huge.  It must've been an old furniture store or something like that...plenty of little semi-private areas.  It's not like the places in Chinatown in LA where there are tons of chairs in a big room and no privacy.  We opted to get ours done together so we had an area with 2 chairs.The masseuse perfectly massaged our feet for about 20 minutes and the rest of the time was a regular massage.  That was unexpected, but appreciated.Overall, it was an awesome experience.  I wish we had a place like this in the Phoenix area.Return Factor - 80%
4	I have been to a foot spa before, but this was my first time receiving the foot massage.  Moving back to Las Vegas from California, I wanted to find a place that was similar to the one I had gone to in Sacramento.  I heard about the $20/hour foot massage and wanted to try it out.  When my cousin and her husband suggested that we go to this place since it was their favorite, I couldn't resist.  This location says on their door that they are open until 2 AM, but when you go up to the door, you can see that there was a black "1" sticker in front of the "2", making the closing time 12 AM! Yes, we received our massage around 12 AM and NO it was not that type of massage.  In a 24-hour city that is Las Vegas, there are other things you can do late night that doesn't involve promiscuity! We had a party of 5, which included myself, my cousin and her husband, his mother, and another cousin of mine.  We had to wait 15 minutes for a room to be available so that we can have somewhat of our own privacy.  The waiting area is lit up like a winter wonderland with fake trees that lit up.  The main room reminded me of a furniture warehouse with partitions separating the sections.  We received our massage in a room that contained 5 beds.  Once we all laid down, the ladies came in with a bucket full of warm water that our feet were to go into.  Since I am super short, I had to scoot down and the masseuse had to sit on the massage bed to get in the right angle to perform the massage.  It started with a scalp massage and worked down to neck and shoulders, arms and hands, then lower leg, and foot.  Once that was complete, we turned over and the back massage finalized the whole process.  I especially loved the scalp massage.  I wish I could have someone massage my scalp like that every day! The pressure on the back massage was intense.  They used their whole arms including their elbows.  It would have been the perfect amount of pressure, but I felt like the way the bed was set up hindered a great experience.  The bed is one big cushion with a hole at the end to place your face into instead of a massage table with an extension for your face.  Whenever she would push into my back, I felt like I was being choked as my neck and face pushed into the hole.  Other than that bit of discomfort, I felt like the massage was perfect.  She released the tension that I had in my back and worked out the knots that I came in there with. The massages were all synchronized and we were all finished at about the same time.  One of my cousins even started snoring during the massage!I have never been into an Asian massage place and am unsure it is typical for them to wait around for you to tip them.  You pay after the service is performed, which I thought was appropriate since you can gauge what you want to tip them from their performance.  My cousin mentioned that another place they had went to, you pay up front and they demand that you pay at least $5 for a 30 minute service.  I gladly gave my lady $10 gratuity!
5	$20 for 1 hour and includes back shoulders etc. What a deal vs others which are $30+ for 30 minutes. It's hard to pick a massage place of the dozens on Spring Mountain. After a poor experience with our first pick, we tried Bali randomly and had a hit. The staff is friendly and the price is right. The second time I went they accommodated our large group of 9 no problem and everyone seemed to have a good experience. I think this will be my go to massage place in Vegas.
5	Wow, after checking out Yelp because we weren't that happy with other foot spas we've dropped in on, we found Bali!  These guys are amazing, best foot spa I've been to.  $20 actually includes neck, back, shoulders, legs, which usually doesn't happen.  I've been to foot spas where they've wanted at least $20 extra for that.  You get a full hour which is incredible.  Since my feet are ticklish I really look forward to the neck and shoulders so them including that in the price is worth everything right there.  We had Mark and Amy and they were so friendly and skilled at what they were doing.  The amazing thing was that Mark, knowing my feet are ticklish, was able to relax my feet to the point where I could enjoy it.  The atmosphere was peaceful and awesome too.  I love all the sparkling lights on the trees as you walk back.  The music was the perfect volume.  Everybody was friendly and treated you really well.  Whenever we have guests here in Vegas, we're taking them all to Bali.  And we'll tell all of our local friends too.  For the price you cannot beat this place or the people there!  We really felt well taken care of.
2	MR says ... if I've known I'm going to get beaten up...MRS says ... we went here to get a foot massage. After a long day of walking Vegas strip, we figure, a good massage will ease up our tired aching feet. This place offers not just foot massages but body. Sure nice to have a body massage but our experience was horrible with the masseuse. She was rubbing my head so hard that I feel like my thinning hair is getting abuse and got me worried that I'm walking out of this foot spa already bald.As for the actual massage, it was painful. The masseuse lady must be using same strength or force on all of her customers because she didn't even bother to ask if I want it harder or extra pressure points. We were hoping for a foot massage but gotten a beating. It was more of a body massage than foot reflexology. Will consider other massage place in the area as there are TONS of them out there. So many to choose from. Unfortunately we ended up here because they're just $20 an hour and they're open late. Lesson learn not to get caught up with the $20 deal ... it's too good to be true!!!
5	Only $20 for an hour?! Sign me up for 6 hours and that's still cheaper than a massage at one of the places I usually go to.Great massage. Very comfy chairs. Quiet atmosphere.I will be back.
5	For a $20/hour foot massage, this was the best I ever had. The ambience calms you down in preparation for your massage. Don't let "foot massage" fool you. My experience was practically a full massage starting with the face and scalp, then to shoulders, arms and hands. The feet are next along with massage of legs. They turn you over to work on neck and back.I've decided this is a must visit place every time I return to Las Vegas. My visit to Vegas was for four days and I visited this spa two times during my stay.
5	An ideal first experience at Bali Foot Spa. I've gone only to Best Foot Spa, so I can only compare the two, but really, I don't think you can go wrong with either. Bali Foot was easy to find, I didn't have an appt on a Sunday afternoon and got right in. They're nice and professional. The place is big, and the lit up trees are just so darn cute. It feels clean. A hot bucket of water for the tootsies, then the massage began. Everything got taken care of: neck, shoulders, arms, legs, feet, and back. Other than the rude woman somewhere who couldn't stop talking about her $1,000 purse, the place was pretty quiet (hey lady, if you're so rich, why aren't you at the Wynn? You're annoying). Sure you'll hear some massage chopping and snoring, but for $20, please don't expect some Canyon Ranch pampering. Can you imagine how impossible it would be to get an appointment if luxury spas charged $20 an hour?! Right.I used to have a membership with Massage Envy, and got 1 massage a month for $60+ with tip. So basically I can get 3 massages a month here for the price of 1? Um, check yes. Obviously you're sacrificing a door, keeping your clothes on (lol), and silence, but in my book (ie pocketbook) I can totally live with that. Now I can get a massage once a week without flinching. Go here.
2	Gone to a few of these foot spas back in California, and I generally like them a lot. Came here with my husband for nice relaxing massage after two nights of nonstop dancing at the clubs. Ended up getting one of the most painful massages. The guy masseur seemed to be using all of his strength. After a while he asked if the pressure was ok. By that point he had eased up a bit so I said it was ok. Right after that he ended up adding more and more pressure until it was so painful. At the end of the massage he hit his hands so hard on me, supposedly to loosen out any last knots, and I felt like I was getting a beating. With so many other foot spas on the same street, I don't think we'll be coming back here again.
5	We love this place. $20 for a one hour massage? Hell yes! Staffs friendly and the light up trees are kitschy fun!
4	Great massage for a great deal! Only 20 for an hour massage. She got all of the knots out as well as pressure points. Some of the techniques were a bit unusual, but I must say it was beneficial in the end. My boyfriend and I felt relaxed, and serene afterwards. Make sure you communicate with them as to what you expect or want them to focus on. We will be back!
2	$20 for an hour isn't too shabby. This is one of those massage places that gives you a hell of a lot of punching/slapping. And if that floats your boat, then by all means, go for it. But it's definitely not mine. They've also got a stamp card so if you're planning on coming back, make sure you grab one.I had an appointment but they forgot about us for close to 45 minutes. We were just chilling there and then later someone came by and apologized when they realized they forgot about us. I thought they were just busy and preoccupied with other guests. :/That was definitely a bummer but the actual massage itself is what was kind of disappointing. The people were nice, but skills are a different matter. I'm pretty much going through to different ones to see what suits me, but yeah, this place isn't really my thing. Last call is at midnight, so they've told me. Even though they close at 2am.
5	The Noob's guide to a $20 massage at Bali!If you guys reading this are like me, you would consider yourself very INEXPERIENCED when it comes to massages in general.  And of course, you've heard plenty of stories about the shady Asian Massage parlors in Vegas LOL.  Since I am now an expert (jk only been one time lol), I will HELP you out and let you know what to expect!1)  I showed up with no appointment, but was promptly welcomed and walked to the back.  Maybe during prime time, you might have to wait, but I had NO WAIT on a Thursday around 630pm.  Maybe if you enjoy a particular masseuse, you could schedule an appointment with that person, but since it was my first visit, I only showed up with a dumb look on my face lol.2)  There are no upsells or uncomfortable requests for additional money.  There were no options, no choices.  No drinks or products to buy.  You walk in for a massage, and you drop a $20 bill on the table on the way out.  Simple and CHEAP...I like that!3)  I was walked into the back into a large community room with tall cubical-like partitions set up  (BTW, there were places for me to CHARGE my phone).  It is very dark in there, but because it is not a private area, you should probably leave your clothes on, which brings me to my next point :4)  Wear COMFORTABLE clothing.  I came in with a T-shirt, Jeans and tied tennis shoes, but I should have came in a tank top, shorts, and sandals.  They rub this very low scented lotion pretty much everywhere, so you don't want that crap on your good clothes, as well as them getting rolled up and wrinkled.  Your hair gets all messed up too...don't plan on going out lookin your best when you're finished.5)  Once you get your area, take off your socks/shoes etc, and relax....maybe put your phone on silent.  My masseuse was there after about 5min with a bucket of hot water for my feet. 6)  The massage itself : Probably depends on your masseuse for the most part.  Mine was a middle aged lady with a bit of meat on her, and was the perfect "STRENGTH" I needed.  I am a wuss...I don't need anyone breaking my back or gettin super deep-tissue on me, but if you do, ask for it!  As well as once you are on your chair...TELL EM if they need to go easy or harder on ya.7)  Mine started off with my forehead, hair and scalp, temples, behind the ears (OMG YES!) and then to the neck.  Shoulders, arms and hands were next, to the feet/calves/thighs and then to the back.  I would imagine I could have asked for more or less time in any of the areas, and it would have been acceptable.8)  My massage lasted about an hour and fifteen from sit down to leaving.  I never noticed her checking her watch, but she kept me BUSY pretty much the entire session.  I felt great right after the massage, and felt a lil beat up the next day.  Nothing crazy, just like a good workout at the gym.9)  On the way out, she offered water and sat at a bench by the front door to get her tip I presume.  Drop your $20 bill at the front, and then your tip to your masseuse. 10)  As for the TIP, that obviously depends on your masseuse, your overall experience, and your personal pocketbook.  I won't tell you what to pay, but my experience was wonderful, and I would have personally felt cheap droppin a $5 bill for an hour of hands on work.  I spent $10 and she seemed happy...maybe if it was enlightening, I would have tipped more, but for a great massage, I think $10 was fair.  Still at $30 that's crazy cheap!  I might come here once every week or two!I know most of this is common sense to the seasoned veteran, but I can't be the only one that has been living under a rock!!Hope some of this helped the fellow noob!  I know it would have helped me if I would have read this before my first visit :PNow go get your $20 massage!
3	If there is one thing I miss the most from Asia...it'd be the abundance of massage houses and the fact that custs can walk-in anytime and be able to get massages without making appts.  Of courses the fact the most massages from Asia do not cost more than US$30 or $40 an hour is very appealing also. Well, all that can now be found in lovely and exciting Las Vegas.  Take a drive along spring mountain and there re prolly more 10-15 of these massage houses with signs hanging that say one hour massage $20.  I was skeptical about such good deals but decided to follow yelpers choice.  I went to my usual massage house yesterday but ended up paying close to $50 for an hour when I thought it was priced at $22 + tips..so I figured I gotta try and see what else is out there? So I found myself in Bali foot spa tonight after a long day of gambling and shopping.  The guy behind the front counter was quite polite.  He Answered my questions and lead us to our chairs... It was 10:15 pm and we were gonna get massages without an appt!  I was stoked!My first impression upon entering the massage room is that it was hugh!  Simply decorated with light up plants along the sides..kinda pretty but kinda weird...the Asian designed partitions were nice too...we were lead to the very last room...and when I say room, I meant an area with 2 armless chairs just like the first photo shown...not very comfy...with the Asian partitions on 3 sides to form a semi private space.  Not very private, but it's a $20 massage at 10:15pm!  How can I complain??The whole time we were there, it was very noisy.  Just our luck a large group came in right after our massage therapists started working on us.  People talking, laughing, moving furnitures back and forth, cel phone going off and etc...but it's a $20 massage at 10:15pm!  How can I complain??Now the massages...not once our therapist asked if we were ok with the pressure.  Everything was done with a very cold and I can care less Manner.  Neither therapists had any technique or pressure.  So were the massages good? No, they weren't good...but it's a $20 massage at 10:15pm!  How can I complain??At the end we were offered water and the guy behind the front counter collected from us.  One of the therapists made sure I heard that they don't get paid too much... And after seeing a tip chart posted in the lady's room saying they re unhappy when tipped $5... We tipped $10 each, that's 50% of the cost of the massage, but it's a $20 massage at 10:15pm!  How can I complain??To conclude, will I go back to Bali or any other massage houses next time I'm in Vegas? Heck yeah!  After all, you couldn't pay me enough to massage anyone for an hour, well in our case...almost an hour...especially when the price is only $20 and then I gotta hope to get a tip after rendering service...So go ahead people! Go show your supports to these massage houses and tip your therapists.  We need them to stay in business so we can get somewhat pampered with such little money.  And who knows, we might actually run into a good therapist one day.
5	Love this place $ 20 dollars does make you relax!Do it to yourself!
3	I found this place as a referral.  I was looking for a legit massage later in the evening.  I had a bad experience with another place that to my horror turned out to be a rub and tug.  So i was hesitant to try anywhere else. But this place is safe!  For the price I'd like to give this place a 4 star rating.  However this particular visit I experienced a few of my pet peeves.  We came in around 5pm. Their children were in the front area running, screaming and laughing.  Really takes away from a relaxing experience.  The massage was satisfying. But all I could focus on was the significantly strong stench of cigarettes from his hands.  It was quite uncomfortable for me. I would recommend this place for its price and later hours.  Would be affordable once a week for a late night visit when those kids are asleep.
5	I never would have known about this outstanding place if a friend hadn't directed me to it... and boy, am I glad she did! Here's my experience: arrived without an appointment at around noon, verified at the front that an hour was $20, and was promptly taken by a polite man to a large room with dividers and beds in each segment. With low lighting and decorative neon light-up trees it had the ambiance of  a night club more than a massage parlor. He pointed to a room and I went in. After several minutes a very petite lady came in and greeted me, and I felt a pang of disappointment because I like really strong, deep massages (like the kind that leave you with bruises, lol) and my past experience has led me to believe that only larger people can come close to that type of massage. She put my feet in some water and leaned the massage table back. As soon as I shut my eyes and she started, it was as if somebody had replaced the petite lady with a 250 lb bodybuilder! That is how strong her hands were. She spent a lot of time on my neck, and then moved on to feet, arms, legs and then she had me flip for a quick back massage. I was so pleased with the value that I was going to get another whole hour just on my back right after my hour ended but the man up front said that a back massage for an hour is $40, not $20. I decided to do some research to see if I could find another spa that does full hour back for less than that, but I may come back here for that next week if I can't. Anyway, $20 plus $7 tip for the hour that I got here was very much worth it, and I will be going back here!
1	This was probably the weirdest experience of my life.  The worker stopped in the middle of the massage, then all of them did and started yelling something in a different language. After sitting for 10 minutes we didn't know what else to do but pack up and leave. I called back once we got in the car and apparently the fire dept had to come to check some license. Sketch. Sketch. Sketch. Sounds like something that you'd see happen in the streets of downtown l.a.After this I will never get a reflexology massage. I know the price seems appealing, but the quality is just shameful. Between trying to understand this owners broken english, he kept insisting on having me come back in 20 minutes!The whole conversation was confusing and left me with the chills. And another thing, the lotion she used on my legs/feet had to have been a mix of the cheap Dollar store baby lotion and baby oil mix. Gross. I will be hunting for groupons&living social deals for legit massages. Good luck to anyone else. The reviews were far to what I expected.
3	The price is only $20 for an hour, and unlike most other reflexology places, they do not up-sell here. You pay literally $20, plus tip. Great deal.I guess this is one of those cases where you get what you pay for. Only about 10 minutes of the hour was spent on my feet. The rest was an awkward attempt at giving me a neck, shoulder and back massage that was...  well, terrible.This is a big place. It seems be be a low price, high volume operation. I am sure there are some decent "therapists" here, based on the large number of favorable reviews, but it's hit or miss.If you want to try your luck for $20 then go for it, but you may be better off paying a bit more for consistent quality.I gave a decent tip because this place probably doesn't pay their workers much, but I doubt I'll be coming back.
5	Hands down the best massage I've ever had. Far better than any expensive day spa. Wow. I will be back!!!
4	The place was nice but not quiet and hard to relax. The lady worker was strong enough as she almost broke my toes. I had pain on my right feet and she did more works on that feet as I asked. But after that the pain still on. I don't blame her because I know it will take few days for it to be gone. Anyway, the whole massage helped me get a really good sleep that night.
5	Love this place. Its always one of my first and last stops on every Vegas trip since I've discovered it. I tried to stray and test the waters at a few of the other countless massage spots but alas got burned by lackluster or overpriced massages and came back to vow my loyalty... The ambiance, cleanliness, quality, and value just cannot be beat. Love their transforming chair bed things...so comfy and relaxing, I'm always ready to sleep when I rest in one. Yes its fairly open but at least there are partitions and the lighting is dim so you have privacy. Just $20 for a full body clothed massage so please tip well (I usually tip at least $12/13) cause they deserve it! Tip: remember to get a stamp card. 10 stamps = 1 free. Icing on the cake!
4	We're looking for a new massage spot in The China Town. Looked up some reviews and also had a recommendation of this place from a friend. We're in. We walk in, they take us to the back. It is so dark in here, I can barely see where I'm going! We get to our "room" with two "beds" and we get comfy. The masseuses walk in and get to work. I'm pretty sure I fell asleep. Massage, massage, massage... One hour later the massage is complete, FULL BODY and $20!!!! Amazing price! So don't be cheap and tip appropriately!!
5	My daughters and I didn't know what to expect.  Foot spa... we thought all they did was massage the feet.  We were all pleasantly surprised!  I made a reservation for 3 women.  We were greeted and promptly shown to our massage area, with soft lighting and clean, fuzzy reclining chairs.  Right away, our technicians showed up with hot buckets of water for our feet to rest in.  As others here have written, Bali Foot Spa technicians give you a complete body massage while you are clothed.  From the top of our heads to our toes, front and back, we were treated to very therapeutic massages. And the price?  Forgetaboutit!  $20 with a $10 tip - end of story!   This will become one of our regular fun "girls day out" spots.  All 3 of us walked out saying "wow" - happy, relaxed and grateful for such a lovely experience.  Will definitely be back soon!
5	I'll admit, I was super skeptical about trying a massage place that charges $20  per hour, but I was more  than pleasantly surprised.The ambiance is different...and the outside is misleading. Once you're inside, it's dark and quiet and relaxing. The LED trees are a nice touch. The massage itself was wonderful. It reminded me a lot of massages I got in Thailand...not necessarily the kind of massage you'd get at a higher end spa, but great and relaxing never the less.I love that they offer green tea or water after, and they don't rush you out the door. I'll be back, and I highly recommend it to anyone who's up for trying something different than a massage chain experience.
5	I come here almost every week to relieve stress on my body.  Great deal. Can't beat $20 for 1 hour.
5	This is the best 20$ I've spent in a while! It wasn't just a foot massage... but an hour of face, head, neck, shoulders, back, legs AND feet. Don't be fooled by the outside, because inside is very nice & peaceful. Very zen! Wear pants that can be rolled up to your knees, and I recommend a tank top if possible. You don't have to get undressed by any means, but it'll make things easier. They also offer water & hot tea at the end, which was very refreshing! Overall -- very friendly staff, nice facility, and definitely worth the money! Make sure you tip well, because they definitely deserve it! :) Will definitely be back... their stamp card says if you get 10 massages you get one free too!
2	This is probably the worst massage that I have ever had in my life! It was so bad that it was actually laughable. The only reason that they get two stars is because I was here for GNO and they placed the five of us together in our own room. This is the rundown on reflexology: lay on your back, place feet in hot water bucket (mine was room temperature), facial massage, arm massage, front leg massage, foot massage, flip over, lower leg massage, back massage, and shoulder massage. Wear comfy clothes. My massage tech was the absolute worst! Lol. If you end up with the taller Asian lady rocking a short bob-- RUN! Throughout the massage I could tell that she was only going through the motions. Her transitions in-between were lazy at best and I could tell she didn't really care how her motions felt for the receiver. When she was using the towel to remove the lotion or wipe my feet dry it felt like she was trying to scrape my skin with its grittiness. I also didn't like that she kept yawning and sighing throughout the service. It's rude. While they were doing the jerking motion of your foot, I felt like she was trying to pull me off of the massage bed and this actually made me start laughing. When she positioned my arm in the attempt to feel my scapula and massage it, wrong. Everything she did was so wrong. I usually fall asleep during massages, but with this one I was definitely wide awake and contemplating the whole time on whether or not to ask her to stop. Haha. If I come back, I'm definitely trying someone else. Or Terri R.'s fav person! Happy Feet I missssss you
5	It is customary that everytime I am in Vegas, I hit up a foot spa to give my feet the royal treatment, especially after a couple nights of wearing high heels.  I've been to a few different foot spas, but this one is by far the best.It's dark once you walk inside, but there are lighted trees to guide you thru to the area where they do the massages, which is sectioned off to make it a little private for your group/party.  There are lit candles everywhere and relaxing music playing in the background, really giving it that spa ambience.  You can't be too loud here as to not disrupt the other clients, so whisper/talk quietly.It's $20/hr (super cheap), and I requested a 2-hour massage.  My massage therapist was Andy (he's great with strong hands; I'd definitely recommend him!).  I laid on a bed and soaked my feet in hot water while he massaged for my scalp/head for 15 minutes and then my arms for 15 minutes.  He then proceeded to work on my legs and feet for about 30 minutes.  After the legs and feet, he asked me to turn around and rubbed my back for 15 minutes.  I then took off my shirt and unhooked my bra strap for a lotion massage for about 30 minutes.  The last 15 minutes was a back rub with hot stones (incredible!).I definitely recommend this foot spa for anyone looking for a cheap, but great, deep tissue massage.  I'd say request 2 hours if you have the time so they can really work on your entire body.  $40 for 2 hours plus a $20 tip makes this place well worth it!Oh, they accept reservations as well, so if you're going with a big group, be sure to call in ahead of time!
5	I thought this place was pretty cool. My water in my foot bath was PERFECT and literally the second it started to cool off, it was over. My massage felt great on my head and legs, nice pressure and the motions and moves made sense. My back massage was a little rough and I will probably ask for a lady next time. This place was very clean and quiet. A great value and at the end I left a great tip because I felt very taken care of. I will definitely be back again.
5	You can't beat this place for value and service. The only thing is that you have to get a girl that gives you the right pressure.The first time we went there, we got "roughed up", and were not pleased, but we kept trying different girls, and ended up getting what we wanted. It took my wife and I about three sessions to find our "personal" massuse, that we both could enjoy.Be sure to call ahead, and make a reservation for a private, or couples room, at no extra charge. I suggest being a "big spender" and getting an Hour and a Half for $30. Wear somethng very comfortable, as this will be a full body message. Go in confidence, this is not a "happy ending" place.Tip well, because I think these girls work just for tips.
5	This massage place is great! i used to go to other place but my favorite.masseus was quit so i was finding new place. Here bali massage has same price $20 AND they give coupon that if we 10 than 1 free! it is nice deal.we have favorite massus in here. Andy, Tom, Linda, KevinJust make appointment before. also they are starting to do hot stone on bacit is.so good
4	This is the third time going.  It's clean and relaxing.  I've been going to Michael and he is very good.  I tell him the areas I need work on and he gets the knots out. I go there weekly and never have any problem tipping more than normal.
5	This was my first experience at Bali Foot Spa and I will definitely be going back.  I've only been to one other foot spa and that was good but Bali topped them. First, the ambience of the lit artificial trees and paper lanterns helped set the relaxation tone.  I went with a friend so we shared a "room" (partitioned area). The rooms had leather like tables and the section uneer your feet can be removed so they can soak in warm water while your upper body is being worked on.My masseuse was a petite Asian woman that definitely knows the body. She started at my head and immediately relieved the headache I had. She then proceeded to neck, back, shoulders,  arms, legs and feet. After rolling over she worked on my neck, back & shoulders more. Hot stones were included too! Overall the massage was great and definitely worth $20 and a $10 tip.  They even have a punch card to earn a free massage!
5	$20 for a full body 1 hour massage?! Sign me up!Granted it's obviously "no neekie" but that's exactly what I need. In & out - totally easy and at the right price!I bring ALL my friends visiting from away here - they LOVE it! ^_^
2	Bali Foot Spa...what a quandary for me to review!  My otherwise enjoyable massage was tainted by largely avoidable issues.  Every place has a chance to earn 5 stars...earn being the key word here.  As I walked into Bali Foot Spa I knew they had no chance at 5 Stars: - 1 Star for the atmosphere/ambiance.  Although there are some smaller rooms in in the back and on the sides that contain 4 - 5 spaces for massages, most of the massages are in a huge, expansive room.  My GF and I were escorted back to an open-air cubicle in the middle of this vast room.  On our way back we pass several cheesy fiber optic or LED "decorative" lights.  The lights are constructed to look like various plants/flowers/trees.  I am tempted to remove another star here, but then I remember that I am kind of a snob.  BTW, I notice that these are for sale...if you're looking for cheesy lighting there are plenty of pictures you can browse on their Yelp page. - 1 Star for hearing kids run around and play during our massages.  The cubicles that fill the majority of the main room provide a small amount of privacy...ample for removing your shirt, but nothing more.  Additionally though, they allow you to hear everything taking place in the room, which included on this visit children playing.  It was rather quiet play.  I am used to kids.  I only deduct one star.+ .5 Star when my massage therapist introduces herself to me...her name is Candy.  Who doesn't like to go to an Asian massage parlor, be it "foot" or otherwise, and find out that the girl's name is Candy?- 1 Star when Candy begins the massage.  She is wearing multiple metal bracelets.  She starts by massaging my scalp/temples/face.  I hear the clinging of her bracelets beside my ear.  I am about to ask her to remove her bracelets when she moves down to my feet and removes them.- 1 Star when Candy begins laughing after my GF falls asleep.  Not a lot of professionalism here.  I did think it was funny too that someone would fall asleep during DEEP TISSUE massage, but I wasn't laughing.+ 1 Star when Candy applied lotion specifically to my nipples.  This was a full body (90 minute) massage.   I had just showered before coming to our appointment.  My nipples were probably a little dry.  She massaged my arms and then spent a little time on my chest, concluding with some directed attention to the nips.  Some folks might deduct a star...call it inappropriate.  I think that she was just working the tip (pun intended.)  I would have been affronted if I was propositioned for a happy ending ...or touched in any other sensitive places...but I did not mind her actions.- 1 Star when Candy and Jason began to talk to each other during the last 20 minutes of the massage.  Candy was not nearly as discrete as Jason, but both of them lacked professional discernment in this regard.+ 1 Star for only paying $30 + tip for a 90 min. massage that, aside from good judgment and setting, was comfortable and enjoyable. Well, for those of you keeping score at home that is a grand total of 2.5 Stars.  I tend to round up in these cases but here my overall experience leans me towards 2 Stars.  I would come back and give them another shot.  I would request a different massage therapist.  I would hope that children are not commonplace.  I would be okay for more nipple skin-treatment.  I would purchase a cheesy light for my sister...that girl needs more tacky things in her life.  Check out Shawn H.'s review for a detailed and thorough explanation of what to expect at Bali Foot Spa on a positive visit.
4	Went with 3 of My friends and the massage was great! Minus the 1 star because the masseuse kept talking with each other  too much (and unable to really enjoy or relax) ...!
3	It was ok not great not terrible.  However they forgot about me in my booth so I sat unattended for about 20 minutes.  The massage lady kept coughing but I won't hold it against her although a few times she didn't turn her head and I caught some of it.  Very large facility.  I wish they focused more on the feet.
1	got horrible deep deep rooted foot fungus immediately after visiting do not go!!!  Was so bad I had it for two months; after a bit of arguing they refunded my money.  I am super particular about my feet/my dad is a podiatrist---NASTY NASTY PLACE!!!!  Crying kid of employee, too; not cool in that atmosphere.  GO ELSEWHERE!
4	Was very happy with first time experience. There were mixed reviews so I was pleasantly surprised. Cheesy interior made me smile. I'm weary of these spas, not sure which are creepy or not; which ones are good touch or bad touch :).  Perfectly respectable place. The massage was not as medical or specific as a regular masseuse but it was the perfect balance between soothing and beating the crap out of your muscles. Can't beat a full body rub down for $20. Also, $10 tip is pretty standard and he worked hard for it.
2	You get what you pay for.   In this case maybe not even....   Arrived at 8pm with my girlfriend.   They put us in a room and said 10 minutes.   25 minutes later they come in with hot water tubs for our feet.  Both masseuses talked to each other the entire time.  Massage was decent but I won't return
5	I just recently was introduced to foot massages while in LAX so when I saw Chinatown has a plethora of these foot spas I knew I had to throw out my perception of Vegas massages & had to check it out. I'm glad we did.We were greeted by an English speaking man (a plus since most usually do not) & directed us to a large room that was divided into smaller private areas The first room already had someone in there but there was room for 3 of us but he gave us a bigger room. Although they all don't understand or speak English all that one did. After she finally understood I wanted more pressure omg I was in heaven! Please keep in mind it's not like a medical massage where they focus on your ouchie areas but i like deep pressuure & she was consistent with the pressure and it was a nice surprise that for a $20 1 hour massage it includes a hot stones! I'm definitely coming back & recommend it to anyone who wants an affordable pampering.BTW it seems the typical tipping for these foot spas are $5 for okay, $10 good & $15 very good.
4	There were four of us and they put us in a private room which was nice. The ambiance was nice but when we walked in there were kids running around. For $20 + tip/ hour ..  it was good enough. The price was right & the place seemed legit .. None of those funky ending ones.When u go, call to reserve a private room.. Theres no extra charge to do that but you'll get more privacy at least.Will come back again coz I love massages!
2	This place was recommended so I tried it. I love the way the lanterns light up the outside and have passed it several times. So I was familiar with the place.PROS: The lighted tree path to the spa             A private room CONS: Massage was robotic and rub-a-dubbish            Getting a look of disgust for giving a $6.00 tip            The masseuse left 3 times during the massage             for whatever reason (but came back within 30 seconds).            The sign on the wall that says $5.00 = "unhappy" [tip]
5	I absolutely love this place. $20/hr plus $10 tip is a total steal.  The place isn't fancy or high end, but I've been here twice so far and the massages have been great! My boyfriend was skeptical at first, but even he's hooked now. I'll definitely be back.
1	It was a very strange experience where I'm not sure if the masseuse and I had an inappropriate encounter; I think he owes me dinner?The realization is that I had spent $30 for an hour and a half of what I believe what was suppose to be a massage.  I had so many laughs about my disbelief about the positions that my limbs were in that I laughed half of the time, the other half of the time I was in pain from the gentleman's overly strong hands and strokes.  Evidently my request for the young lad to be softer/more gentle with me meant faster and harder; who knew??You get what you pay for so expect below the minimum for $30 but hopefully you'll get comedy relief like what I had received on this fine evening.
4	Really liked my massage! A man did my massage and he had very strong hands and did a really good deep tissue message! The only negatives about this place is the location, it's a little sketchy, and then the employees did not know any English, so it was hard to communicate to them... They also kinda just surprised you with what they were gonna do next which I thought was uncomfortable because they didn't even warn me before they put the hot stones on my legs... This could be extremely negative for those who are super sensitive to hot items on their skin, but luckily my skin isn't too sensitive so it wasn't too bothersome. Being that it was only $20 for an hour long massage, don't go there with high standards... Come here with an open mind :)
4	Never fails! Walk in massage! Never leave unsatisfied.. Great foot and body massage 1 hr for $20. Tips are accepted. I'm never disappointed. I will be back!
4	Great massage, great price. One of the best massages I've had. I had Judy, very nice, asked what degree of massage I liked.
5	Great experience. And so affordable. Treated my parents to massages and I think they will definitely go back and make it a regular treat for themselves.
4	This place is half massage place and half retail. When you walk in, there's dozens of trees that light up. It's $20 for a full body massage, not just the foot. But, the $20 goes to Foot Spa itself. The person giving you a massage won't tell you that you need to leave them a tip, it is a given because that is how they get paid. The massage Last about 45 minutes to an hour. If you want a deep tissue, maybe ask for a man? I had a lady & it was very light. Also, there are not private rooms-- just dividers between sections. So, there is a noise and conversations that you can hear. Just remember, it is $20+tip. For the price, it's a good massage.
4	At first I felt a little awkward because the place is really dark. The guy did tell us to follow him and he brought us to an open section area & then left. I did not know what was going on so I just sat there and waited. A woman came in and told us to take off our shoes and socks, and we came for a full body massage. They brought us to a single dark room & then began a full body massage for an hour. The masseuse massages my back and mainly focused on the areas where I was more tensed at. Then he did hot stones for about a min. After they used hot towels and wiped down areas where he put oil on. At the end of the massage, he offered tea & water which was really nice!
1	I'm NOT a person who writes bad reviews. But this was pretty bad.I've been coming here to Bali Foot Spa for over a year now since I was pregnant with my 3rd son who is OVER a YEAR now. I literally went every week sometimes twice a week and this was by far one of the WORST experiences I've ever had which is VERY UPSETTING bc this is my FAVORITE go to spot.I made an appointment with my usual guy at about 5:20 pm over the phone and they told me about 30 mins. I get there at a little before 6pm and they told me my guy went to another customer already bc I was late ..me thinking my appt was at 6pm but ok. My fault, I guess. I came with a friend as I do always bringing new clients with me so didn't cancel and agreed to try a new person which I SHOULDN'T have.I was VERY HESITANT about trying another person bc it's always been a hit or miss with me here so questioned the 2 people at the front desk to reassure me. They told me the guys were both good. Saying the names were Steven and Jack hesitantly so I'm not even sure if those are their names and that one of them was new. Smh. They seat us at 6:10pm my friends guy starts at 6:15pm and my guy is nowhere to be found. My guy finally comes in at about 6:23pm. He starts with my head then a little into it i told him it was too rough so to be more gentle ..pressure was NOT on point throughout the whole time and was VERY UNEVEN because what he did on one side was not what he did on the other. Then still too rough at times that I ACTUALLY screamed OUCH! and moved his hand when he insisted on doing what he was doing TWICE! THEN this GUY was ON HIS PHONE!! He made 4 calls on SPEAKER LOUDLY after coming back from emptying the bucket of water and while massaging my legs. Very unacceptable! Because he took his time coming back and pretty much felt like he rushed through the whole massage to be on his phone. I'm not STUPID. I know when my massage started and I know when he ended it because I was on my phone waiting for him every time. He patted my back and told me he was done way before the other masseuse who started before him even finished. Then realized the other guy who started before him was still going so decided to finish me off while I sat up instead of laying down real quick. Then off course he STILL finished AGAIN BEFORE the other guy even tho he started AFTER him.  So yes. I got jipped for more than 10 minutes of my BAD massage bc it wasn't even 6:15pm when we got to our car after we paid for our massages.While paying for our massages I told Steven the guy that worked in the front about MY masseuses lateness, the phone calls, the rush on how he finished me before my friends when he started later then ALL he had to say was I'm sorry with a lot of confusion :/I am very disappointed. Bad service happened once before with my sister's boyfriend I brought with me when we went with 3 of my girls. It was so bad that he told the guy to stop a little after halfway through the massage. Still payed and tipped of course.I don't blamed the management but I did expect a little more from them especially since I'm a regular who brings A LOT of referrals. I will be back ONLY if my guy I normally get is available.  If he's not then it's questionable and that's really sad because I rather not try somewhere new.
3	Speak up if pressure not to your liking. They want you to leave happy and feeling good. I did not speak up and ended up sore and feeling worse-my fault. I hope you learn from my mistake. Also I did not like the masseur digging his long nails into the bottom of my feet! Again I gritted my teeth and endured it.I have had a great experience here in the past so I will give it another try and practice speaking up.
4	I am 5 months pregnant right now & for my first time getting a massage EVER at a spa, I would say this a good place to go. I brought my boyfriend along who does NOT like to be touched by other people ahah but we've both been tense from our jobs so I talked him into coming finally. I called prior for appointments for 2:30pm but walk in are available as well from what the signs say. The area is in around China town so I expected it to not be in the best area but when we arrived we were greeted & taken back right away which was great considering it was a Saturday! The place is dark/has pretty lighted trees everywhere & has a very calm atmosphere.I got Michael and my boyfriend got Jessica, they were both nice but didn't speak much English. I felt awkward because I didn't know if I had to get completely undressed but they let me know once they were ready that we could just remove our top halves of clothing.We both got full body massages which did not feel rushed at all, it was a full hour. The massage was a little rough around my shoulders but I have pretty bad tightness so after a couple minutes he actually helped remove the knots!I asked my boyfriend and he was happy with the service as well so we will be coming back  Especially for $20 which is the normal price, that's a great deal .. I'm glad I didn't regret not going to an actual Medi Spa for a prenatal massage since it was okay with my doctor but I'm sure when I am farther along I'll have to go somewhere else until after the pregnancy since I will not be able to lay on my stomach ..
2	This review is for my 2nd visit. My first visit was a 5*, now it's. 2* and here's why...So disappointed! Should have known better to stick with the ones I'm happy with. Brought 3 new clients along my wife and I and had the worst experience! It's so embarrassing when you brag about a place to your friends and ends up a slap in the face with," what just happened in there?"Booked for 5 and was separated , that's fine. 3 boys and 2 girls. Me and the gents started first. When 2 ladies walked in, they started giggling and speaking in Chinese as we lie there  comfy on their bed. Very rude and unprofessional! The 2 ladies talked through the whole freaken session! Really?? They were so loud, the music in the background that was meant to make us relax was replaced with their giggles and loudness. And my girl...fu*k! Where so I start?! First she asked me if I was Chinese ? (Why? So you can talk smack?) She started out very gently...and then out of no where .... A vibration of a device happens to be near my head...yes! You fu*cken guessed it! A cell phone! Really!?!?! Are you kidding me?!?!At times she paused to reply...who does that?!I was this close to chew her up, she was lucky that I was patience enough to let her slide the first few minutes. The massage gotten better and then at times I felt as if she dosed off. Since they close at midnight and we booked at 11pm (they must be tired and sleepy). Guess that's a tip for y'all to go early and not make the same mistake I did. Overall my experience with her isn't that bad. With the rude texting on the side, least she was quiet and did not join the other two to have a trio conversation.  Of course I was curious how'd the rest felt about this experience. One enjoyed it, the other wanted the massage to be harder,(hence, he's pretty built, so I recommend that he should have gone with a guy next time for bigger and stronger hands). His girl was punching him most of the time.That's an indication of, "my hands are too small and your either fat or too built for me to massage you" technique. One complained it was too rough (should have switch the two). My wife...omg! Unlucky! She had a trainee! My wife said, "I was there for one hour and my masseuse was being schooled for an hour by another masseuse and I did not feel a thing. It was like she was afraid of hurting me or something(super, super light). So the whole time I feel as if I was just being buttered up with oil." Embarrassment to Family and Friends. Please excuse my language with the swearing and all, I've never been so pissed when I write a review. Unhappy writing a review, yes, but my first time being pissed off writing a review. Will I return? Yes...with an appointment with either Candy or Jennifer.
4	My husband and I go all the time. You cant beat the price and how friendly everyone is.
5	This is the best foot massage place I've experienced. It was relaxing, and Billy honed in on all my knots. Definitely, take a taxi out here if you want to check out a great massage. It's also near a great little mall which has a japanese Italian restaurant, called trattoria Nakamura. The best one two punch after a long week at conferences.
5	This place really is awesome. Where else can you get a full hour massage for $20? My masseuse was Jason and he was excellent. The place is comfy, clean and pleasant. I highly recommend this place. Hard to get good service at a great price in Vegas.
1	Um, NO. Just no. I won't comment on anything but the massage itself. It was like being put in a torture chamber and seeing how much pain one can take before spilling the country's precious secrets. I would've spilled 10 minutes into it.The guy who did my massage did not introduce himself so I don't remember his name, but my bf said his masseuse, female, also used very firm pressure. I can't even describe my massage as "firm" pressure. It was like, I was a piece of steak being tenderized by a mallet. I'm not even exaggerating. On top of that, when he used his elbows on my back, it wasn't just on muscle, it was also on bone. It has been 2 days and I still have tender spots on my vertebrae. I've been to other foot spas where I was so relaxed I fell asleep. I think I got even more sore here from being tense from my 60 minutes of torture. NEVER AGAIN.
5	Sensational and Orgasmic! Mark made me feel so relaxed with his magic hands. Ask for him ladies when you go in.
3	I haven't been to a foot spa in Vegas which is interesting considering how much I enjoy massages. Today I came with a group of my girlfriends and some wanted the usual massage here which is full body and some of us requested feet only despite it being called a foot spa. The three of us who wanted feet only were split off into a side room with 3 massage stations and the ladies who wanted full bodied went together in a separate area. I was a bit worried about privacy based on seeing reviews of there being large open areas, but perhaps you can special request these smaller areas. I dont like that a low wall is all that separates this place as it means you must be really quiet. I felt badly to ask a question and disturb whomever was on the other side. This also meant you were subjected to every sound made in the building which depending on who/what can affect your relaxation as a whole. We got to hear quite robust snoring in one of our adjacent stalls. The ambiance is kinda weird because of the knickknacks l. It's dark so that you can have "relaxation" and is illuminated with low lighting LED trees and such. The odd thing is they're all for sale. The front reception area has Asian artwork and statues for sale too. Do these even sell? Our feet were soaked in a hot water bath in a bucket with little massage divets on the bottom, then dried and massaged. I had a lady whose name I can't recall, but the massage was just OK based on the fact it was a bit strange for the average person. What I mean is that I can feel her nails throughout my massage scraping at my feet, on purpose. I have non ticklish feet and enjoy exfoliating which is what this felt like. I could have used a bit more pressure as well. I've had other massages where they ask after a bit if there are ways they can adjust it to make it better. Of course you can be vocal and tell them, but customer service is a plus. One of my friends didn't see but the guy doing her massage was on his phone surfing and texting. Our massagers also talked here and there throughout the massage with each other. I was awake and I think they assumed we all drifted to sleep as my two gals definitely did. No, I was watching my purse which was taken from me and sat on a chair. I didn't like this, but my purse was a bit big to set on me.You can't beat the pricing, but this seems fairly standard in the foot spa market in Vegas so I feel I will try a few other spots and see what's out there. It wasn't bad, but it could have been a better experience.
2	depending on whom you get alot of the times they rush, they come in late and finish early
5	Still my favorite go to massage place. I'm here every other week sometimes twice a week. $20 gets you 1 hour full body massage!  Yes it says foot spa but it's really a fully body so don't let the sign fool you lol.First they soak your feet in hot detox water -Begins with your face/head -then shoulders -hands & arms -feet -legs/thighs Then you turn over faced down -shoulders/neck -backFinally finish it off with -a Hot stone massage -some more back rubsAfter they tell you they're done they ask you if you would like them to get you some Hot Tea or water.All that for $20!?! Hell yes please!! TIP!! I always tip my guy I normally go to $15. This is a hands on full work for an hour long. If your planning to come here and tipping LESS THAN 50% then you should seriously stay your cheap ass at home. Just saying. It's a lot of work to be under appreciated so tip accordingly ..in this case it's definitely not a lousy 15%
5	Favorite place to go. Come here weekly! $20  + tip for a quality massage. Atmosphere is clean and very relaxing. Highly recommend
5	Totally the BEST massage for just 20 bucks! Took my husband and his two best friends here. We had our own room with 5 beds, the ladies were very nice even though they could barely speak English. I've had a lot of foot massages back in Sacramento but this place went above and beyond with hot stones and did a well in depth massage! Great place!!!!
4	I went there today coz I want to try the way they massage there. So far I like it. The guy asked me if I want soft or hard. I told him hard coz that's the way I like it. I gave him $15 for tips. $20 is a good price. For sure I want to go back there with all my friends.
5	You get what you pay for and more.... Great massage and great service. Not a your typical massage joint... But worth the visit. Don't forget to tip...
5	Guess third time is a Charm? Wow...Emily is now my girl! Tiny and petite, but God Damn does she packs a punch. I literally had tears rolled down my face...but it hurt so good.  Deep tissue? Emily, is it. Then again, I'm body is average and skinny, so getting to my bones may be an easier access. If you're more heavy, I can't promise you anything. But if you're skinny and love deep tissue...Emily. This visit is pleasant, yet I had brought more customers for them and this time around...one of them was Chinese. I had asked him to keep his ears open, but unfortunately everything was professional. Hope I have this kind of experience here on out...or maybe they're finally caught up on Yelp ?
4	Usually the Asian foot massage joints are hit and miss, but I think Bali is better than the rest.Reasons: $20 per hour - can't beat that! Open lateAlways has space if you walk inCan request for specific therapists - ask for CocoDownside: Open room with wall dividers between areas, which you can hear other people or the phone when it rings. So know that you know, go with an open mind and don't expect this to be the Day Spa at Bellagio. It's a no frills place. Enjoy!
5	Ahhhh-mazing! They use hot stones for a part of your massage, upon request. And so cheap! That is all.
5	Incredible full body massage! Ask for Coco - she knows where to be gentle and where to put just the right pressure.
1	Bad customer service. I frequent many reflexology foot spas in vegas, typically I encounter a warm friendly environment. Not here... I was TURNED AWAY... after I called and made an appointment 1 hour earlier! I showed up at 11:30. I knew it was close to their closing time so I called 1 hour prior to showing up. There are too many competitors for bad customer service in las vegas. I will never visit this foot spa again.
5	All I can say is AMAZING. The best $20 spent. Not only is my back pain gone, but I think I will never have back pain again. I had a male that did the massage and he did a great job. They soak your feet in warm water as they worked on massaging your head, neck and shoulders. Then they massage your feet. The back massage was outstanding. The hot stones were the cherry on the top. Highly recommended.
4	Couldn't take it anymore,.... with my leg cramps so tried this one out and to my surprise its really nice. I even had my 4 year old daughter and they were ok with it. But I do have a well behave kid though.....I had a man and he was very good my daughter even had to go potty right in the middle of the massage and was ok with stopping and walked her to the restroom.(which was right on the other side I could here everything) for those worry moms. But if you have a major budget and need some relief this place has my full approval.... And YES it really 20 bucks so I couldn't help but tip the guy 10 bucks cause it was well worth it. Any extra flo I get I'd rather go here and paint my own damn toes because pedi's don't even compare to this. It's pretty much full body for 20 bucks
5	hands down massage! its cheap too...$20 and tip...staff friendly...cozy place...recommend for a short and relaxing massage. ..
5	As a first timer to visit this location, I was wowed by how big and nice it was inside. I had brought my mother and my friend. I was so glad they had three beds together and my moms thep. spoke Korean so it was so perfect for my mom to express her pains, knots & what she wanted exactly. I enjoyed every min of my massage and I'll be Raving about this place and most likely coming back!!!
4	I've driven past this place many man times since i live on Spring Mountain as well. At night, so many bright lights lining around the building. They advertise their massages at $20/hour for a "foot massage" but like most people know whos been to these massages, these "foot massages" are pretty much full body massages. The interior is lined with lit trees making me feel like i am getting a massage at the lit cactus garden at Ethel M for their X-mas lights. From what i noticed, their layout isnt like a lot of places where its a big general room, but they have rooms of 2-3 beds each cubed off like cubicals at an office. After a few minutes of waiting, we were brought to a "room" that is at the far end of the place with 3 beds (there is only 2 of us - my mom and I) .Originally, my mom had the guy and i had the girl, but she asked them to switch because girls tend to have trouble handling me (lololol i know how that sounds but get your mind out of the gutter !) Usual order of massaging. Feet in a hot water bath. Head and neck down to shoulders. Feet and legs. Arms. Then back and shoulders. Overall, not too bad. Not the best massage ive had (for these $15-20 places) but decent. Strength was good but not painful (like damaging painful). Guy found some of my larger knots but kind of skimmed over a bit. They do ask if you would like to have the massage with or without shirt on. Essentially they just told me to take off my top half LOL ... it wasnt even a question ... Massage was about an hour. We were given the option of ice water, warm water, or tea after the massage to rehydrate (REMEMBER TO DRINK LIQUIDS AFTERWARDS !) We tipped them each $10 (about average nowadays for tips.. apparently their standards increased lol...) Overall, not bad. Slightly sore but not as bad as some other places i've had that pinpointed their entire body weight into a knot... Lol
5	I love this place.... If you just want a massage anytime this is the place to go! If you're complaining so much and you want some fab gnarly massage and fancy  stuff! Girl! You're in the wrong place, go to Qua. This place is great and have awesome hard working people. After all, 20 bucks? You can go to a great spa place and even they will not scrub and rub your nasty ass feet. So enjoy this great place! Namaste!
1	Treated awfully today when arrived with daughter and wife for massages.  Front desk guy doubled price when wife requested only head, neck and arm massage to $40, because it was "custom massage" ... what a rip-off.  We told him that when we were there about 3 weeks ago, we got the introductory price, and he even called the massage therapist to the front desk to confirm it (as if he didn't believe us).  He reluctantly agreed, but repeated at least 3 more times that the price should be $40.  We told him he was unreasonable.  The way I figure it, he was insisting to get the $40 per hour for the one person plus the $20 per hour for the other two, and based on his greed that he would not get the $60 I was willing to spend when we originally arrived.  So, we told him that we were leaving ... and his response was "yes, you leave and don't come back".  The one item makes this experience all the more disdainful is that we phoned ahead of time to let them know that we were coming, and we wanted two foot massage and 1 head/shoulder/arm massage, and we were told "ok, no problem, come by, see you soon".We won't be back.  We won't make recommendations.  We won't bring guests. And we will tell everyone how this establishment really knows how to screw up what should and could be a pleasant experience by their employee's greedy attitude toward skipping the feet and only massaging the head, neck, arms.
1	Way too much noise!cut the massage to 45 minutes when it is supposed to be 1 hour!Not satisfied
2	Place to noisy , massage supposed to be an hour , was only 50 minutes  long , a little disappointed after all the recommendations I got for this place .
3	A friend & I went for a one  hour foot massage at Bali last week.  My friend had a male masseuse and I had a woman.  It was much more than just the foot and we both enjoyed ours.  Her guy used hot stones & more pressure than mine.  It felt like a clean establishment, and no appointment is necessary.The unfavorable part:  They say $20/hr. and when we each gave a $5.00 tip, they looked at us with great disdain.  At checkout then we saw the sign:  TIP:  $5.00 "unhappy", $10.00 "happy," and $15.00 "very  happy".  We both felt it was rude and believe the amount of a tip should be up to our discretion, but forked over $10 each.  We choose not to return because of this practice.  For $30 I can go to European Massage School on F.A. & Sahara & have a full massage by a senior student.VALERIE
5	Went there tonight with my husband. Had a great experience for a 1 hour $20 foot spa. I have been to a few  foot spa places, and none have compared to this place. Rita and Leo took care of us. They were both nice and professional.  Our massages were just right, just the right amount of pressure. They also massage with hot stones, too.We will definitely be going back next week.
4	I went here with a buddy yesterday,  We walked in and both immediately thought...this place is shady!  People were walking around....staring down a hallway...waiting by the register.  Once I got in the room, I was told to remove my shirt and shoes/socks. I didn't want to remove my pants as I didn't know what to expect.  The massage was advertised as a foot spa and it was certainly much more than that.  I would definitely go back again the next time I'm in Vegas.
