4	I was happy to see this place had finally opened so I had to stop in.  I got a green tea, regular strawberry, their "special" strawberry (sorry I forget the name!  I was told it is a mix of strawberry and a Hawaiian fruit), and a banana creme cupcake.  I love that like a homemade cupcake it has a nice "baked" top and is moist inside.  I REALLY liked the "special" strawberry cupcake, not too sweet, but still hits the spot.  Can't wait to try more!
5	Red Velvet Cupcake!! Decadent! The icing wasn't tooo sweet a bit fluffy! The cake very moist! Carolyn is the best!! =) Thanks again!!  Make time for desserts!!
5	I hired Caked Las Vegas to create a custom / designer Las Vegas-themed cake for a birthday brunch in March, 2010, and they did an amazing job! The cake was absolutely incredible (incredible looking and incredible tasting), and we couldn't have been happier. The owner, Carolyn, is very great to work with -- she's very nice on the phone, and she's clearly very talented. Their prices are also very reasonable. In short -- I highly recommend them for any of your cake needs. Thanks, Carolyn and Caked Las Vegas, for all the joy you brought us.
4	Yay, A yummy cupcake place near my house...I thought because the owner makes cool cakes for all these celeberties that her cupcakes would be expensive. They weren't -$2.75 each, she even has yummy cookies on the counter for $1.50.  The cupcakes are very tasty, the flavors are mostly tropical which I love and are rare here in Vegas. Being from an island I love it. Pineapple, Strawberry and Banana are my favorites right now because they all have real fruit in them. She has Mango,Guava and Passion Fruit which I love as well but would like a more stronger flavor and possibly real fruit in the Mango one.   The owner is very nice and I think it's worth the drive from where ever you are to try a cupcake....the frosting is very soft and creamy!! I hope as time passes she is able to make stuffed cupcakes like with a guava or mango mousse or jelly and other tropical pastries. I would like the price of her sheet cakes to be just a little bit more affordable...I know three tiered cakes are expensive but for regular sheets I think all places charge too much...Anyhow ,this is my new favorite sweet stop!! I wish you were open on Sundays too but I guess everyone needs a day off to....
4	Had a Caked cupcake via the Sugar Factory on the Strip.  Amazing!!There were a variety of cupcakes to choose from, yet I chose what I thought was the boring vanilla/vanilla.  Once I took a bite I was reassured that I had chosen the right combination!  The cupcake was fantastic!Next time I'm in Vegas I'm making a special trip out to their bakery...the casinos have nothing on Caked!
5	Awesome cupcakes. Shouldn't even be in the same category as a regular cupcake.  The cream is a butter cream that isn't overwhelmingly sweet. its light and fluffy.  The cake part is moist and delicious.  Caked Las Vegas is the place to go to for any cake or sweet needs.I tried the Haupia (coconut), Peanut butter, Lilikoi, and Mint chocolate. chip.  they have more flavors than i can handle at one time. definitely will go back and try the other flavors.  Their cakes look amazing also.
5	Wow this place is REALLY delicious. I am from orange county, with all of our bakery hype going on, trust me... I would know a delicious cup cake. I tried their most popular cupcakes, red velvet and DQ, both delicious. Also had the guava, passion fruit, mango, nutella (THEY USE REAL NUTELLA!), and lemon. They were all really delicious. I like that it's not too sweet. I can't really explain it. I'd like to say they are sweet but to me it just didn't seem that way... it was more like... just plain GOOD. by good i mean BOMB.. and by bomb i mean GOT DAMN GET ME OUTTA THAT PLACE BEFORE I SPEND WAY TOO MUCH MONEY!
5	We contracted Carolyn and her bakery, Caked Las Vegas, to create a cake for our girlfriend and her fiance's engagement party this past weekend. I am so grateful for such a wonderful bakery.Carolyn was a joy to work with, friendly, easy going and accommodating. She designed a beautiful buttercream frosting, berries and cream filled cake that wowed everyone. The frosting was light and sweet, and a perfect complement to the fresh berries in the center. Also, she included a generous bunch of fresh, pale green orchids to the top and raffia ribbon to the base. Breathtaking! To top it off, she delivered it personally to our hotel. We were able to share design ideas and easily communicate through phone and email, being that I wasn't located in the area. Her prices were very affordable, comparatively to several other bakeries that I had researched to do the exact same design, size etc.Thank you, Caked Las Vegas, for being a part of our friends' engagement celebration! You guys rock!
4	I saw this bakery on TV, and since I've been in Las Vegas for about a year now, and miss my cupcake bakery back home in LA, I was anxious to try this bakery.I got the DQ cupcake and my husband got the Mint and Chip cupcake.  I will say that the cake part of the cupcake was just about the BEST chocolate cake I've ever had in a bakery.  The frosting, however, was too sugary sweet for my taste.  Especially the mint frosting, which was so sugary that I could feel the sugar between my teeth.The DQ frosting was really good though.  It was a vanilla butter cream that was coated in a chocolate shell.  I ended up removing the frosting and shell, and just eating a tiny bite of it with each bit of the awesome cake!  It's one of those things where all the frosting LOOKS super pretty, but it's just too much to actually eat.  That's ok though!  When it comes to frosting, I don't mind a little waste as long as the cake is good, which this was!I totally recommend this place, especially if you have a REALLY sweet tooth.
4	Caked- you brought me out of Yelp retirement.  Thank you for finally bringing some excellent cupcakes to this town.  I think I have pretty much tried them all and you take the cake.  I am a cupcake connoisseur.  I have been perfecting my recipes for a while now and these cupcakes satisfy my cravings when I can't bare to turn on the oven.  In my opinion the buttercream was maybe a bit too light, but I will take that any day over a super sweet buttercream.  Black and White- moist cake, great flavor Vanilla Bean- moist cake, pleasant cake crumbRed Velvet- not my favorite, it had an odd after taste.  Probably from the food coloring which I can be sensitive to.  Moist and pleasant cake crumb.  Creme Brulee-  Husband loved it!  I will be back.  Next time I can only have one in day though and not two!
3	My experience with Caked LV was mediocre at best.  After seeing it featured on Fabulous Cake on TLC, I was very excited to hear they had cupcakes for sale.  I went to try it last weekend and I was a bit disappointed.  I got the Red Velvet and my partner got the Guava.  My RV was pretty lackluster.  The Guava was pretty good.  As RV is what I usually get at ANY bakery.  I have to say, we did come here at the end of the day so the cupcake selection and freshness were not the best.  I just think the cakes themselves were a bit dry and too airy.  I like cupcakes to be moist and somewhat substantial.  We will try it again at an earlier time and get different flavors.  So far, the 3 stars will have to suffice.
4	We went early enough to enjoy their other flavors and it was a good thing.  They're a lot fresher and more choices in the morning.  I got the Mango cupcake and my partner got the Lemon Creme cupcake.  It was much better than our first experience for sure.  The cake was moist and the frosting was abundant.  They could cut the frosting in half.  We also asked how much will their custom cakes will be and they we're pretty reasonable.  For a Twilight themed cake that can feed 25 people, they charge $150!  That kind of price is unheard of for a custom cake.  I say give this establishment a chance.  Come early enough to get their fresh cupcakes and get a custom cake.
5	Hands downs beats out cupcakey, cupcake lane. Very Good, and best of all cheaper than the competitors. The cupcakes are moist, not to sugary, and the best is the Coconut flavor cupcake.
5	My second time having a frosting cupcake. The experience here was way more pleasant. Had the lemon one because there was no more red-velvet. Perfect balance of frosting and cupcake (compared to Gigi's). 2.75/cupcake.Friendly staff. A person ahead of me was making a special order and took awhile and the server made sure to to help me before going further on with them
5	The cupcake: I had the red velvet cupcake.  I loved it.  The cake was moist but it had a slight crunch at the top of the cake.  The frosting was light and tasty and not overbearing.  The cake & frosting work well together.
4	After seeing them on a TLC show called Fabulous Cakes we stopped by one afternoon to check them out. Fun and colorful atmosphere with a delicious selection of cupcakes. It was quite a kick to see the same bakery we saw on the show where Carolyn and her team made their impressive sushi boat cake.We had a mango cupcake and a red velvet cupcake. Both were creamily fantastically delicious.And make sure to check out Fabulous Cakes on TLC or friend them on Facebook to find out when they'll be on the show again!
2	the first time we got to try this place it was close to closing time.. so I wasn't too disappointed or surprised when I tried their green tea cupcake [and the daughter had like.. some kind of strawberry cupcake,] and found it suuuuuper dry.  I just figured it was closing time and we had "end of the day cupcakes..":7the designs of the cakes and cupcakes are awesome i must say...but on the second chance that we got to try this place... it was my birthday cake and as beautiful as it was, it didn't taste all that great. We were excited to try another cupcake place to compare our first love too:  the cupcakery..and... unfortunately, it is NOT to par.  i've had better tasting cupcakes from albertson's and smith's..  :T sorry, but.. nice designs though!
5	This is my favorite cupcake place in the Vegas area so far. Especially for the red velvet cupcakes. So yummy!This is a fairly small place, but the decor is super cute and somewhere between elegant and shabby chic. I like that it is all pretty open, so when you are at the counter, you can see all the way to the back where they mix and bake the magical little creations.Every time I've gone here, it has been the owner who has helped me. She is always super nice and never seems to mind when I pop in and just buy a single cupcake and leave.The cake parts are moist and delicious. The icing parts are thick, creamy, and just the right amount of sweetness. And there's always so many flavors to choose from.
4	Dear Caked Las Vegas,It's been about a week since I've had you, and I dearly miss you so.  I know we haven't known each other that long, but it really seems like there's a strong connection there for me.  That first time we met, your Red Velvet led me to thinking about what a great classic bakery you are, with good values and traditional favors.  I immediately felt good about a stable relationship for us. Little did I know, you are full of surprises.  The next time we met, you seduced me with your Nutella, so indulgent and sinful was this rendezvous.  Although I was becoming addicted to you, I was also becoming fearful that you had many other suitors, considering the multitude of favors you offered.Not only are you a seductress, you are also an island flirt.  The next time we met, I had your Passionfruit, delicious and light.  I was now convinced this love was going to have to be shared.  And after much contemplation, I've decided to accept your popularity among the masses.  After all, what good is favor and beauty if only to one?  I love you, and I always will.  But it's quite all right for others to love you as well.Until we meet again, I hold you in my thoughts.xoxo.a/.
5	wow this place is so good. the owner is super nice. i drop in last night to gt my bf some cupcakes for his bday n he love it. i really love their icing coz i hate icing, but they manage to make it not too sweet...its just right. n the cupcakes are so pretty n creative...mango flavor..i just had to try it. i will be bck again even tho i live across town...sigh
1	MILK = A MUST! Something positive. The cupcakes are really pretty. The icing is okay. Really light and fluffy. Overall, these are worse than the 50 cent cupcakes at the grocery store.I ordered Strawberry, Nutella, Vanilla, Red Velvet and Cookies n Cream. So far I've tried Nutulla, Strawberrry and Red Velvet, all of which have be completely dry. The Strawberry and Red Velvet cupcakes were not impressive. Just decent after getting past the dryness. I loooove Nutella, so I was completely excited to try the cupcake. Mistake! You cannot taste the Nutella as it is overwhelmed by the taste of what I can relate to the scent of tar.Tip for Caked: Focus more on flavor and not as much on design.Tip for Customers: Save your money! Make your own or go to Smith's in the parking lot.
5	Ran into this place out of curiosity :) First thing I saw was the cupcakes in the shiny glass window :) Mmmmmm... They look really good. Then I saw that they had lilikoi and haupia cupcakes O.O and Omg... I thought to myself... "someone here got to be from Hawaii" lol. Finally spoke up and asked if anyone in the back was from Hawaii, which were 2 girls :) turns out both of them were from my home town of Mililani hahaha :) how awesome is that!!!Now to the food, I ended up getting mud slide cookies, peanut brittle, and their granola of love lol :) and Awwwww man.... The mud slide cookies are sooooooo delicious xD and I ended up buying the entire batch that was left behind the glass haha.I would highly suggest this place to anyone :) very friendly and everything was delicious so far ^_^ I can't wait till they can ship stuff to Hawaii :)
4	When I want a good cupcake I come here... During the fall she had a Pumpkin Pie Cupcake and it was Oh so good....I wish it was in the regular cupcake case but most Pumpkin items are considered seasonal-I'll just have to live with it....Anyhow, on my last visit I decided to try some of the other baked items she had for sale. So we bought a snowflake sugar cookie, Peppermint Sandie cookie,Peanut Brittle and a chocolate chip cookie. I like my cookies soft and chewy so the cookies could be a bit more soft for my liking but my daughter loved her sugar cookie. I bought my dad the peanut brittle and he liked it, the chocolate chip cookie and the Peppermint Sandie were good too with just the right amount of peppermint in the cookie. How about guava and mango cookies-Now we're talking....
3	Let me preface my review by saying that I'm a huge cupcake addict.  I never thought much about it til I moved to Sm-Albany in the East Coast where there is a serious deficit in cupcake shops. While visiting family in Vegas for the holidays, I was determined to get some damned good cupcakes by going on a cupcake hunt during my last week. Thank you, Yelp, for giving me the top 5 cupcakeries in Henderson!So anyways, Caked was the second stop on my list. Found it easily and thought it was funny and fortunate that the bakery was right next to a Starbucks. Coffee and cupcakes? Yes m'aam!  It's a cute place, and I loved the decor--especially the silver branch on the wall with the cupcake ornaments!  All baking is done on the the premise, which is very apparent when you walk in because the kitchen takes up more than half of the square footage. Very limited seating though... I think I only saw one table with one chair.The shelves also have limited merchandise, but I guess the owners would bake as they go. I decided to go with a half dozen for $17 instead of the full dozen for $30, and ordered the following:Red velvetDQPeanut butterNutellaMangoPassionfruitWith that said, I think the reviews and my expectations were too high because I was sorely disappointed when I brought my loot home and had a bite.  I tried the mango first because I haven't had that flavor cupcake before. First impression: sickly sweet frosting, and the top of the cupcake was hard and crunchy. Sorry buddy, but I like soft and moist cupcakes---not crunchy cupcakes! I got a headache after eating it because it was too sweet. I'm typing this up two hours later and I still have the headache.My sister, brother, and cousin had the other cupcakes. My sister is also a cupcake addict and she didn't have good words for the Nutella cupcake she chose. I had stashed the cupcakes in the fridge in the afternoon, and she exclaimed how tough the frosting was. "I don't taste the Nutella in this at all!", she said. I saved the Red Velvet for dessert later this evening and I'm really hoping it's better than the mango or Nutella.
1	Thought they were the most flavorless and driest cupcakes I have ever tried. The frosting was the only decent part. Based on other reviews maybe I had a bad batch, but they should check them. Either way I will never go there again.
5	Great experience!  I hired Caked Las Vegas to create a custom 40th birthday cake during my visit to the Las Vegas area.  The cake was amazing, tasted great, and was far above and beyond my expecations.  The recipient of the cake was thrilled as was anyone who tasted or saw the cake.  The owner, Carolyn, is not only a very talented person (as is her staff), but she is a very nice person and very responsive through both phone and email.  The price was very very reasonable.  For any special event I am in Las Vegas for, I will definitely be returning to Caked Las Vegas again.
3	I was so excited to try Caked Las Vegas because it's an independent local place, not too far from my house, and according to all the reviews, has excellent unique-flavored cupcakes. Well the location and the independence are as-advertised, but I have to take exception with the actual cupcakes. I was excited to try some of the more unique "island" flavors, but unfortunately, when I was there OVER HALF of the flavors were sold out. An original selection of probably 12-15 cupcakes was cut down to 6 or 7. (Maybe this was because I came in after 4 on a Friday....) A couple of those had chocolate, which I don't like, so I basically got all the rest of the flavors. I tried: red velvet, coconut (also has the Hawaiian name, which I forget), and vanilla bean. All three were slightly hard, like they'd been sitting out for a couple days (again, is this because I didn't come first thing in the morning?). Also, barring the actual coconut sprinkled on top of that cupcake, they all tasted the same. Instead of being creamy and delicious, both the butter cream and cream cheese frostings were waxy and bland. I usually love the frosting, and use my finger to get every last drop out of the container, but this time, I scraped most of it off and threw it away. One plus: at $2.75 per, the cupcakes are 25 cents cheaper than The Cupcakery. Overall, I think this place deserves 2 stars, but I'm giving them a break because I came in late in the day, and especially because they're locally owned and I want them to do well. With The Cupcakery (see my review http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-cupcakery-henderson#hrid:40tQHs07HJLwElRW7beW1A) closer to my house, though, and 10 times better, I'm not sure I'll ever go back.
2	By reading all of these reviews I was really expecting great cupcakes. The decor inside was cute and inviting, so thats a plus. We got a few different kinds, but I was disappointed in the frosting, and the cake itself, not very moist or flavorful. We did go in at the end of the day, so maybe these were the last ones that had been sitting out a while? Cute place, nice staff, unfortunately not so happy with the cakes :(!
5	After looking at several bakeries for a wedding cake, I decided to go with Caked since they have reasonable prices. The cake was absolutely gorgeous! All the guests were very impressed as I was too! I couldn't have asked for a better cake. I chose a two tiered square red velvet cake with cream cheese filling. The cake also had black ribbon and several red roses on top. I HIGHLY recommend this bakery for any special occasion!
4	I suggested Caked for a Baby Shower cake...My friend went down herself and tried some cupcakes and she decided to go ahead with the cake order. She ordered a half sheet Guava Chiffon cake...The cake was beautifully decorated. I loved this cake, If I order this cake again I will request a stronger Guava mousse flavor. I didn't feel like it was your typical Guava Chiffon cake like in Hawaii but more like an upscale version. The Buttercream was thick and pure and normally the fondant is not really liked because of the extra sweetness but the kids loved this fondant-it tasted like a marshmallow fondant...The main thing that I liked was that this cake in general wasn't gonna cause you to have a toothache...The sweet factor was just right, I suggest Caked for all your cake needs!!!!
4	Make sure you go earlier in the day, when the cupcakes are fresh.  If you go to late in the afternoon they tend to get a little dry...but either way they are SCORES better than cupcakery and freed's bakery's cupcakes.  The peanut butter cup cupcake rocks.
4	The cupcake shop has been the fad for the past few years and Vegas has been embracing it.  Each corner of our little valley hosts a little shop of cupcakes.  Which is a good thing for me, 'cause I loves me a cupcake.And Caked Las Vegas is one of the suppliers of my cupcake addiction.  We've been there a few times and I have to say the cupcakes can be a little hit or miss.  When they miss, the cake part is a little dry.  To be fair, most cakes cooked in the Mojave desert are dry compared to baked products in a less arid climate.  Caked Las Vegas does plenty to compensate though.  And it's all in the frosting.  Their peanut butter frosting (on top of a chocolate cake) is one of the better dessert flavors you'll find in Las Vegas.  The vanilla frosting is subtle and tasty and the cream cheese frosting is wonderous.Include the fact that the store is run by a very friendly and helpful staff and it's an easy four star place.
5	Love their cupcakes which are always fresh and good selection if you get there early in the day.  Looking foreward to ordering a cake for a special occassion.
5	Their guava cupcake was the best! Most recommended!
4	Caked has new goodies for sale....Cake Pops - Just like cake truffles but on a stick - Really yummy... When I was there they just had chocolate, yellow cake and red velvet but the gentleman behind the counter said they do plan on doing other flavors like Guava-yummmmmWaffle cookies - Chocolate chunks inside the waffle cookie. This is supposed to be used to dunk in your coffee but I like it just by itself.Granola Bars - I love oatmeal so this works for me however it can be a tad bit too sweet because of the honey, I'm sure!!!Macaroons - Not french macaroons but just regular coconut macaroon cookies- I don't care for coconut too much so this was OK to me but I'm sure coconut fans would love this cookie...
4	i love me some cupcakes! after watching them on a cake show... for this year valentine's i bought a dozen cupcakes and delivered them to 12 of my close friends/family. theyyy absolutely loved their cupcakes! presentation is adorable. and taste isn't overpowering, just the right amount of sweet! red velvet, mango, strawberry, cookies&cream cupcake to name a few faves. after valentines, i interest my brother to get a custom cake for his 24th bday. and they did phenomenal on his kobe bryant shoe cake! after a week of display in the fridge, he finally decided to cut the shoe, to taste the red velvet cake! it was deliiiiish!!!! red velvet was on point and i've never tasted fondant before, but to describe it it's like sweet hard frosting.
4	Where do I start? This place is the first one that comes into mind when I need my cupcake fix. I actually found Caked through yelp in search of the best cupcakes in lv and I have been coming here ever since (which was in July of 10' I believe). I think everyone will agree the "wow factor" of Carolyn's cupcakes is her butter cream, very light and creamy and not overly sweet (unlike it's other cupcake contenders such as The Cupcakery or Retro Bakery). I absolutely love the fact I can eat all the butter cream without having a tooth ache after wards. Another thing that makes Caked unique is the array of tropical flavors, I mean what other cupcake shops can you think of that offers pineapple, guava, mango, coconut and passion fruit. Carolyn is also nice and friendly. And strives for costumer satisfaction. Once I called to ask if there was coconut cupcakes and the gal who answered the phone said there was none. However, she said they would make a brand new batch just for me. Wow! how nice of them to do that. Especially since the coconut if my favorite flavor. Cupcake flavors in order by preference. Coconut- this was my first cupcake from Caked and when I took my first bite, I thought I died and entered cupcake heaven. The butter cream was absolutely perfect because the consistency was light and airy and the sweetness was just right. The roasted coconut flakes on top creates a contrast of textures by giving it a little bit of a crunch. The cake tasted as if it were homemade, but in a gourmet way. The inside is moist while the cake forms a crust on top. . Strawberry- pieces of diced strawberry inside the cake really puts this cupcake on edge. Strawberry cake with strawberry butter cream. Pink sprinkles to top if off.  Vanilla Bean- the only reason why I got it was because it was one of the only cupcakes left. If the same thing happens to you, not to worry because surprisingly I really enjoyed this cupcake. Vanilla cake with vanilla butter cream on top and just like the other cupcakes nice moist cake with light airy butter cream. Mango- In hopes of Ursula U.'s review not being true on the mango cupcake, being a Filipino myself, I had high hopes for this one. Unfortunately, she was right, the mango flavor was kind of weak. And a jelly filling would make this cupcake complete because it's lacking something. Most of my friends are always attracted to this flavor, but I sadly have to tell them it's nothing too special. Cookies & Cream- I was actually a little disappointed with this. If I remember correctly, the consistency of the chocolate cake was more traditional unlike the other fruit flavored cupcakes. Chocolate cake with cookies and cream butter cream. I don't think I'll be getting this again. I would just like to add  there has been a few mishaps I have encountered on my visits. One of them being she had to pick up her kids from school, which I think is between 5pm-5:30. Understandable and I'm just posting this for caution in case you are in a hurry for your cupcake fix and you see the sign on the door.
4	Review is based on the cupcakes only.         Like any bakery this place is as great/good as the time you get and who is the baker for the most part the cupcakes are good but after going there a couple times I found that if you go at the right time and the right baker the cupcakes are beyond great .
2	Once again we found this place on yelp. When i walked in it looked really cute a small place with cupcakes displayed in a case so naturally we gravitated towards that first. I picked the cupcake of the day which was Raspberry Chocolate Cheesecake...nuff said... and my friend picked the guava. The cake it self for me was fine but the frosting tasted like raspberry fabri (which is raspberry flavoring used for production baking) and there was way too much of it. My friend had the same problem too much frosting plus the cake was kind of dry and there wasn't a strong guava flavor like she expected. All in all this was a pretty disappointing cup cake place.
4	I went here two times.  The first time I went i was not impressed, my cupcakes were not soft, and even though the flavor was good i wanted them to be moist.  Last time I went to give them another shot and I am glad I did.  I had a strawberry cheescake cupcake and it was amazing.  The frosting was whipped cream frosting and soooo good and not too sweet.  I got a cupcake for my husband that is like a chocolate dipped dairy queen inspired one, it was fabulous as well.  I will definitely go back.
4	I ordered a custom cake for my Birthday and was very impressed however colors were completely wrong. I was very dissapointed when I first saw the cake just because of the colors- cake looked more like a baby shower cake than a Birthday cake. BUT I believe it was part my fault for the misscommunication, next time I will bring in color swatches! IF you order a cake which I highly recomend bring color swatches! THe cake was amazingly delicious, very moist and I have to say the best tasking Red Velvet I have ever had but I am picky with Red Velvet taste wise. I definitely will order another cake, thank you Caked!
5	Just happened to stumble upon this cute little cake shoppe and realized it was the same one on TLC.Good:Chocolate Cake PopsBanana Split CupcakeThe owner and baker extraordinaire shared some of her cake creation photos with us, and they were AMAZING!  She can re-create fancy shoes, and all sorts of characters and themes you can think of.  I appreciate cake in art form.
3	I had the banana split cupcake...yuuum. I little dry on the top of the cupcake, but good overall.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It's been about a year since I've been and they have pretty good reviews, so I thought an revisit would be good. I did go early in the morning as suggested.I went because I found out they have cake pops. I have come to the conclusion that I just don't like cake pops. So I won't judge theirs.They used to have pretty basic cupcakes, but now they're playing with flavors so I chose Strawberry Cheesecake, Marble, Mint Cookie Crunch and Red Velvet.Their frosting is pretty good. It's a little sweet, but it's extremely light and airy. A nice touch.Strawberry Cheesecake: The WORST cupcake I have ever had in my life! I started with the frosting. It was okay. Then I bit into the cupcake, which had some weird strawberry jam inside or maybe it was under baked.. not sure. At this point, the cupcake is reminding me more of biscuits with jam. Towards the bottom of the cupcake is a layer of graham cracker crumbs. Kind of felt like eating sand. The texture and the taste are just awful!Mint Cookie Crunch: 5 stars for the frosting. Awesome! Like a thin mint. The chocolate cake underneath brought me back to the Nutella cupcake I had had a year earlier. They really need to work on their chocolate cake. It's pretty bad. You definitely wouldn't want it without frosting.Marble: Okay minus the nasty chocolate cake.Red Velvet: Cake is ok. Frosting tastes like pure cream cheese. I literally took a chip and treated it as a dip.Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. No more Caked for me!
4	Don't judge me.I must confess, I thought the cupcake rage was a fad that would fade quickly.  No, strike that; I WANTED the fad the fade quickly.  Most places I tried seemed too focused on making their frosting taste good and not enough on making the cupcake moist and tasty to stand in its own.  In fact, some places had more frosting than cupcake (*cough*Tammie Coe*cough*)!Bring it back over a year ago and I walked into Caked to try their wares.  Frankly, I was not impressed.  It was ok, but Duncan Heins made better.  Flash forward to last week.  Coming out of Sushi Mon I was hungry for desert (AYCE just isn't the same anymore when it's not AYCE desert...but that's a discussion for another review).  Anyway, we strolled on over to Caked and I was only going to grab one cupcake (I need to watch my figure).  But the smell of sweet treats called to me and my eyes started to get bigger as I looked longingly into the display case.  EYES = O.O     stomach = oEach was $2.75:   Red Velvet (x2) - probably my least favorite.  The frosting was light and tasty, but the cupcake left me wanting a bit more flavor.  Not sure whether the frosting just outshone the cupcake or if the cupcake didn't have much flavor.  I'll be back to try again.  :)     Carrot cake (x2) - Definitely my family's (and mine) favorite.  REALLY moist and tasty cake.  The frosting was just right: not too heavy and thick like most actual cakes have.     DQ (x2) - Basically a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting, which is dipped in a chocolate shell like Dairy Queen (hence the name, duh).  Wasn't sure about this one because it seemed so plain, but it had sprinkles to please the kids so we got it.  This ended up being really flavorful.  The cupcake was really moist and chocolatey, but not so rich that you needed to wash every bite down with milk.  The frosting was a bit hard and too sweet for my tastebuds, but the fam didn't seem to mind at all.   Vanilla - hey, don't judge...it was a request by my daughter.  As usual, I didn't get a bite.  My girl ate it all up (frosting first, of course).   Mocha (x2) - my pick at the shop and one I will have to be back for.  Had a light, but distinct mocha flavor (duh, right?).  I could honestly do without the frosting because the cupcake could hold it's own.  After pigging out at Sushi Mon and stuffing our faces with cupcakes, we had one leftover DQ that sat in the fridge for 2 days.  Not sure if my wife was hiding it from me...  Anyway, upon discovery by me, I promptly ran to a dark corner of the house and ate it.  To my surprise, it was no less tasty or moist than on that first day.  If that's not a testament, I don't know what is.  I ordered 9, but if I had known the would keep well, I would have gotten a dozen.  I'm really glad I gave this shop another shot - my original judgement was premature.  Not only did it change my mind about the place, it changed my opinion of cupcakes, in general.
3	OK cupcakes.  I wanted more flavor and sweetness.  The service was great, and they are talented artists.
5	Wow, I can't speak enough for how wonderful our wedding cake was from Caked!! We had a kind of odd request for Caked (Steampunk meets Mad Hatters Tea Party/Alice in Wonderland) and it was perfectly executed. Everyone at the wedding commented on how amazing the cake was. On top of its appearance, the cake tasted amazing! We were also informed (after the fact) of how Caked professionally and respectfully handled their interactions with a not so cooperative venue director and we truly appreciate the level of commitment Caked provided behind the scenes.
5	As soon as I walked in this cute colorful little store, I fall in love with it immediately. If I were Hello Kitty, this would be the exact decoration I wanted for my mini land. I was trying to get some cup cakes for my fiance's birthday but I came in last minute without pre-order. The girl worked in front was nice enough to make me a spacial white chocolate sign with my fiance's name on it. I was really grateful that she did that for me. I got 8 cupcakes that day with some strawberry lemonade, coconut, banana split, cookie n cream, passion fruit, and rocky mountain ones.  All frosting and cupcakes tasted very tasty with just right amount of sweetness. (I personally felt both Gigi's and the cupcakery too sweet) Banana split and strawberry lemonade were my favorite ones. The banana split cupcake just tasted like banana split!! I was really really glad that I gave this place a shot after watching the show about it on TLC. I will definitely be back very soon.
5	My husband and I got married in Vegas and I wanted to surprise him with a specialty cake. I called all around Vegas asking for quotes on a cake that was made to serve just the two of us, and everyone came back with the most outrageous prices. I called Caked and she gave me a price I could work with. The cake was a little late being delivered to our dinner, but when it arrived, it looked just how I had imagined it and my husband loved it. I believe you can still find it on their website. It's the Stratosphere with King Kong hanging off of it and holding onto a girl. It was awesome and we loved it so much that it inspired the matching tattoos we got recently!
5	I called ahead to find out if they are open...and spoke to a really friendly girl who offered to tell me all the cupcake flavors they had that day.Everything sounded delicious and looked delicious when I saw it.I wanted something chocolate and she gave me a few options-mocha, chocolate dipped and german chocolate. I chose the chocolate dipped and believe me, I felt torn as I just wanted one:)It was delicious..the base was chocolate cake-fluffy and chocolatey, topped with cream and dipped in chocolate and finished with a few sprinkles.(I think I have used the word chocolate a zillion times now!)I look forward to going back and trying the other flavors one at a time! Yum yum!
3	chocolate cookie was good
5	Went to try a different flavor today and they did not have the one I wanted. The lady at the counter told me that she could make any flavor I wanted in 3-4 minutes.I could not decide which one I wanted to try and finally reluctantly chose 1. She came back in a few minutes with both flavors and offered to give me 2 of them and only charge for 1. I thought that was very nice of her but chose to take just 1 keeping the calories in mind. I will be going back here again and again. Great customer service, I have to say!!MOCHA cupcake=YUMMY
5	Stopped by after some delicious Sushi Mon last week to get my cupcake fix.  If it's possible--they were better than ever.  Plus they were on sale for $1 because the owner said it had been a busy wedding cake day, but a slow cupcake day.  Had a red velvet and a vanilla...they were awesome!
1	This place is horrible, trust them with nothing.
5	I decided to give this place a try after my friend bought cupcakes for her daughter's birthday. This has to be the best cupcake place in town. The decor is cute and the employees are very friendly. Every thing in there tastes so fresh and delicious.They have a wide variety of selections and the cupcakes are definitely worth the price. I tried the coconut, pina colada, and strawberry shortcake. AMAZING!
4	We had to make a very last minute birthday cupcake run, and Caked was able to help us out! Best flavors are passionfruit and guava. A bit on the pricey side, but that's because these are high quality cakes.
5	This is the only place I go to when it comes to cupcakes! The red velvet is amazing...Its super moist and sweet.  I dont know what other people are saying that the customer service wasn't all that great because every single time I go there they are always there to help me.  Love it here, give it a try :)
4	All natural. Made from scratch. Free from hydrogenated fats, artificial flavorings, and preservatives. They use good old fashion butter. Those are the first things that peaked my interest hearing about Caked when featured on TLC's Fabulous Cakes. On the show, a customer wanted them to make a humongous sushi boat as served in restaurants, with individual sushi nigiri & rolls, made entirely of cake. It was amazing how good it looked! They were on 2012 Wedding Wire Bride's Choice Awards. Plus, I love that the owner, Carolyn, is from Hawaii like me!This bakery is located on the corner of Silverado Ranch and Maryland Pkwy next to Starbucks. I was very happy to finally be close by to try some of their cupcakes. They do specialize in special occasion cakes of all sizes, made with both buttercream and fondant. Along with traditional cake flavors as red velvet, coconut, chocolate, and vanilla, they also offer guava, passion fruit, and spiced carrot. They even have listed gluten-free vanilla and vegan chocolate cake. Cake fillings include Bavarian buttercream, caramel pecan with coconut flakes, and peanut butter cream. What sets their cupcakes apart are their unique tropical flavors. Oh, and of course, because they are yummy! Mango, Pina Colada, Banana Split, Passion Fruit, Lemon Meringue, and Guava are among a few. $2.75 each or $30/dozen.I took a couple the day I stopped by, Red Velvet, Guava, Grasshopper, and Vanilla on Chocolate. I think they make about 10-12 different ones, flavors change day by day. As far as taste - I loved that the frosting wasn't overpowering or too sweet. The cupcake itself is a bit more dense than others I've had, which I actually don't mind. Light and fluffy is nice, but I do appreciate cakes where the batter has a bit more substance. I would guess that's a personal choice, but I think their recipe is delicious.The employee who helped me told me how they try to accommodate any customizations the best they can, whether it's a different cake flavors, if you request strawberries, or even need delivery and set-up services for big occasions. Two thumbs-up...What will be my next flavor cupcakes I try? Banana Split? Strawberry Cheesecake? Hopefully soon! :)
4	I love this place! Caked really saved my butt, they took my Birthday cake order for a Sunday (a day on which they are closed, which I didn't know!) My cake was ready on Saturday and I was able to bring it to the Restaurant for my birthday dinner the next day.I ordered a Lemon poppy seed cake with fresh strawberries and whipped cream for the filling the cake was fresh, tasty and beautiful ( (I will include a photo!) Caked was recommended to me by Retro bakery as they were booked for the day but I will always recommend Caked!  They also gave us some coffee cookies to taste which were delicious!!
5	Caked Las Vegas have been a huge success so far at two events that I have been involved with. Carolyn has been so accommodating with both events. I have used her for an order for over 100 mini cupcakes both times. Everyone who has tasted her cupcakes all made a point to let me know that they were DELISH! 5 stars for service and product!!! We would definitely use Caked Las Vegas for more events. Support Local Businesses!
5	Miracle workers disguised as employees....Caked is awesome! Pleasant people who don't stare at you as if you're crazy when approached with your quirky idea. After some online research I chose Caked, a lot of the reason being they had about a week turnaround for custom cakes and a wide array of past masterpieces. I went in with a dream and an iPhone, showed Emily my idea via the interwebz. This was a cake for a bachelorette obsessed with the show Lost. When she got engaged I had visions of a "Lost in Love" cake, island and all. Red Velvet was my flavor of choice. I emailed the show logo to Emily, paid for half the order and was on my way. Upon my return a week later, exactly as promised, the cake was all I dreamed of and more. The logo was exact. the cursive "Lost in Love" was so cute and I was ecstatic. The masterpiece makers all looked pleased to see how happy I was, a testament to the care they put into each dessert. Needless to say the bride to be loved it and it tasted phenomenal, even after a week in the freezer believe it or not...we grew so attached we couldn't bear to cut it until then. A great experience all around, I'll be back for the next big event!
2	The cakes are just ....average. IF YOU CAN BELLY WHAT THEY HAVE TO EAT ON HAND ONLY. The helps sucks should you call in a order. Its 2012 and one thing that makes me angry is bad phone etiquette. I wont wast time elaborating about the silly people who handle Caked Las Vegas phone calls. But I will go on about the poor selection of cup cakes and the lazy staff. The only thing that makes me point out the bad and poor phone etiquette is that they are always out of fun things to eat. But they say call ahead and order and you will have no issues with getting a special order. (That's a bold face lie!)  One word people strawberry all I wanted was strawberry cupcakes 24 of them. After going in and finding that in store they didn't have any I was told to call in and order. Now by phone I had to endure the rudest staff the same young lady who told me moments ago call in a make a order was telling me Caked don't have strawberries by phone. And that they never have and that they never will. But I'm upset for one reason only. WHY DIRECT ME TO CALL AND PRE ORDER IF.....YOU SEE I ASKED FOR STRAWBERRY CUP CAKES IN PERSON. AND IF CAKED DON'T EVER HAVE STRAWBERRIES THEN  EXPLAIN WHY IN THE PICTURES ON YELP THEIR ARE STRAWBERRY CUPCAKES FOR THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD TO SEE. :(   YES I POSTED PICTURES OF THE CUP CAKES THAT I DID BUY BUT THEY WAS NOT ALL THAT. I WONT BE BREAK N MY NECK TO RETURN.
3	I have to say I was unimpressed. We went to price a possible baby shower cake and decided to get a few cupcakes before we ordered their super expensive cakes. I was so excited to try them when we got home being that they have really good reviews. It only took 2 bites for me to realize my husband made better cupcakes. They were super dry and crunchy on the outsides. Needless to say we did not get the baby shower cake here.
4	Cute little cupcakery located next to the Sushi Mon on Maryland Parkway.  As if I hadn't just eaten enough AYCE sushi, I sauntered over to check out the cupcakes with fellow Yelper and pal, Kevin Y. and ended up leaving with a red velvet cupcake for my son and a cute little Valentine cookie for myself.  Tasty little gems they were.  A little sugar in my life goes a long way.
5	As a macaron addict, I search everywhere just to try new macaron flavors and I had to find some during my mini vacay trip to Vegas! After our lunch at Sushimon, there weren't any macaron shops nearby but I walked into Caked because I was craving sweets. It's a cute little shop with white-chocolate dipped oreo cookies, candy lollipops, cupcakes, and cookies. I was choppin' it up with one of the pastry chefs and I asked her if they carried macarons... Guess what? They did!!! They don't advertise it on their menu but they do create different flavors every day. So just ask! Please be in mind that macarons aren't their specialty. The macarons were somewhat flaky but it was still sweet! Flavors (vanilla & raspberry) were subtle for $1.50. If you're looking for a mac fix, I recommend this.
2	Ordered a cake for a 16th birthday party. The cake the woman sketched out was amazing the presentation was great!! But the cake tastes like SHIIT!!! it tasted like someone threw up. but great presentation!
5	went to the eastern / silverado ranch location -they did my daughter's kokeshi doll themed birthday  cake, cookies and cupcakes. best tasting and best looking cakes ever!!! will be back annually for sure!
4	50% off all pastries near closing time! =)We were waiting for a table at Sushi Mon next door when we stumbled upon Caked. We really wanted to buy more, but we knew we were going to eat a lot during the weekend so my friends and I held ourselves back. Although it was really hard when the lady told us everything was 50% off because I was so intrigued by mango and guava cupcakes! We ended up with a blueberry muffin, a chocolate almond croissant and a breakfast turnover. I didn't end up eating the muffin and the croissant until 2 days later but they were both delicious. Especially warmed up on the microwave. The turnover had egg, cheese and bacon and it was very filling. The outside crust was nice and buttery too. The muffin was soft and very moist. Very good! We were so tempted to buy a box of six day old cupcakes for $6. Each a different flavor. But we held back. Kind of regret now after trying the other pastries!
4	We stumbled upon this place by accident as we were waiting for our table at Sushi Mon nearby...I love that they have 50% off all pastries an hour before closing! They had so many cupcakes to choose from, very tempting... the chocolate croissant with ganache was sooo good. My blueberry muffin was moist and their savory offerings were good as well. Great service and everything is made from scratch.
1	Got some chocolate cupcakes here and they tasted like cornbread with cheap chocolate flavoring. Very nasty taste.
1	Although they were very accommodating as far as the design I requested and they delivered to my hotel on the strip, these were the WORST TASTING and most expensive cupcakes I've ever had. Caked Las Vegas agreed to make any design I wanted and the cupcakes I ordered looked awesome, but they were hard as rocks, dense like corn muffins, tasted horrible and were just inedible. A very important part of a bachelorette party was ruined because I took a chance on Caked. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!
1	This place sucks! I would give them no stars if possible!!I stumbled upon caked lv while walking out of the Starbucks that's right next to it. It was the week of my nephew's birthday and we needed a cake. Walked in and it was clean. It looked like they just had opened because they were still bringing cupcakes out to their display racks. They looked sooooo good, and so I decided to special order him a cake. I picked it up the following day. We got a minion design, and it was an cute looking cake.The cake was overpriced for it's size, probably 8-10" in diameter and no taller than 8". It was probably the worst cake I've ever tasted in my life!! The butter cream wasn't creamy at all, it was hard and nasty. The cake was extremely dry, even with the filling. Nobody ate it. I was so disappointed because it looked so pretty, I thought it would've tasted as good as it looked. I was ready to collect this torn apart disaster and take it back to the owner, but I decided against that because it would've been rude. Worst $80 to have ever been spent in my life. I definitely won't ever go back.
4	I ordered a Dinasaur Train Cake for my the party of my grandson turning 3.   It was amazing to say the least.   I took in pictures and then let them decide how to transform the look into a cake.   They took all my suggestions and made it even better than I expected.  I am very particular about my cakes.   Especially the decorations.
5	We were recently in Vegas for my partner's birthday.  I ordered the Moet and Chandon bottle cake that you can see on in website's gallery.  I did all of this online from Canada.  The cake was gorgeous!  The detailing was perfect.  It was red velvet and tasted delicious!  It made my partner's day.  Well done Carolyn and crew!!!!
5	I'm a newcomer to the contemporary world of cupcakes, but I like this place. The reason is very simple: $1 cupcakes from 4-5pm.Actually, it's more like $1 cupcakes from 4pm until whenever those sick puppies run out, which is apparently well before 5pm. I kinda got there around 4:45 yesterday, so I was still pleased to find that there were still four cupcakes: two vanilla, one orange creamsicle, and one carrot cake. I asked the lady (who I'm assuming is the owner, and I'm sure her name is in another review) for one of each cupcake.While she was preparing my box, she exclaimed that I should have been there 10 minutes ago and that they typically sell most of their cupcakes early in the hour. I was looking to try one of the other flavors in particular, so I'll definitely take that advice. After I paid and was about ready to go, she stopped me and said that she'd throw in the last vanilla free of charge. Super nice gesture, although I definitely realized that it could have been a shrewd ploy to make any last-minute stragglers come back and buy more than one cupcake.I've tried all the flavors over the course of last night and today, and here are my thoughts:- The vanilla is just that, vanilla. It's interesting to compare it to more, um, interesting flavors.- The orange creamsicle was really nice! Orange cream is not typically my favorite flavor in terms of dessert or sweet drinks, but I loved every bite of this treat. It definitely left a strong residual belching flavor. I think you know what I mean.- The carrot cake was pretty good, although like the vanilla, I wouldn't necessarily choose it again.- I didn't find any of the flavors to be too sweet, although I do admit that my sweet tolerance may be higher than others'.I'm really glad that I got to sample the flavors that I did, and I'll be back for sure during "happy hour." If I don't get a hold of the guava cupcake, maybe I'll at least try the croissant donuts that what's-her-name is planning to sell starting on April 1st. Yes, you read that correctly.
5	I was really excited to come back in hopes of finally trying the guava cupcake. I was a bit late out of the house, but when I got there at 4:15 pm, there were lots more $1 cupcakes, including the elusive guava. Also, there were new cronuts at $2 (non-clearance price).First, the new cupcake flavors that I managed to get:- The guava lived up to my friend's hype. It wasn't overly sweet, and the guava flavor was fairly subtle but distinct. It was humming a soft melody in my ear. To my taste buds.- The mango cupcake was also really nicely balanced. But having had the guava cupcake, I hoped for actual mango flavor. It does not taste like real mango. All I could determine was that it was some sort of 'tropical" flavor that a casual sweets eater might not question. It is good, but I'd prefer most other flavors instead.- Ditto on strawberry. It's restrained in sweetness, and I like the strawberry in the cupcake itself. I guess artificial strawberry is a little more commonplace, but that's what it all is.- The red velvet is pretty awesome. The icing is rich and creamy, but not too sweet. I'd have been happy to keep all five that I bought, but I shared some with my friend.- The peanut butter isn't as intense as peanut butter from a jar, but you won't mistake it for any other flavor and it's a little more filling than a purely sugar-y flavory.And the brand new cronuts:- There are 5 flavors listed: cinnamon sugar, vinnla glaze, chocolate glaze, chocolate dipped, and plain sugar. They also make different creme filled cronuts each day. They had vanilla and mango creme when I was there.- The texture is awesome. A little bit of crunch greets your mouth, then it gives way to a soft, flaky croissant dough.- I had two flavors. The mango creme filled donut has the same non-authentic flavor as the mango cupcake, while the chocolate glaze definitely has the taste of a chocolate donut, not that of a chocolate croissant (which tends to be a bit darker, I think).
1	Items Selected:Vanilla DossantCinnamon Sugar DossantRed Velvet CupcakeChocolate CupcakeHaving tried to visit Caked once prior, when a sign on the door pronounced them closed "on 11/28," during a day that was in fact the twenty-eighth of April, I decided to give the small bakery a second chance on the Saturday before Mother's Day, the result an experience I'll not soon forget as snooty service, limited selection, and truly awful product collided in disastrous fashion.  Citing slow sales as an excuse for a mere four cupcakes and three styles of "Dossant" for sale just ten minutes after opening I stood rather perplexed as the short server glared at me and asked "so, what do you want?" and deciding I'd rather not have wasted the trip a quartet was selected - the low $10.58 tab yielding hastily bagged rings and cakes smashed in a plastic clamshell.  Limited in seating and unpleasant in demeanor it was to the Starbucks next door that I proceeded for my tasting and sampling each item in the warm sun a "get what you pay for" theme soon emerged, the copyright-infringement skirting crispy fried croissants tasting suspiciously of old oil while cupcakes proved dry and dull beneath competent, mildly sweet frosting - my unconfirmed suspicion that "slow sales" meant I was purchasing Friday's unlabeled leftovers from people unhappy to be at work on a Saturday.  One of the worst bakeries I've experienced in Las Vegas or elsewhere I can only assume something has changed dramatically at Caked in recent months as older reports suggest both variety and skill.  Poor in selection and unpleasant in manner there are far better bakeries throughout Las Vegas and having left more than 75% of what I purchased in the Starbucks wastebasket I'm rather certain even that overpriced corporate giant proves a better value on the dollar.
4	I tried a crossiant doughnut and it was good. I had the vanilla glazed and it had a flaky crust with sugar on the bottom. The store was small but they do provide outdoor seating outside that accommodates 2 people. The cupcake selection was small but staff did say they take same day orders.
2	Okay, they have the cronuts. But it was so greasy that I was unable to finish it. Bummer.
5	I love this place! They did the cupcakes for my wedding and now I am having them again for my baby shower. I stop in anytime I'm in the area to get cupcakes or cookies. Everything I have had from here is amazing!
5	Yummy! I bought a groupon and went in immediately.  Although their selection was limited, I was lucky enough to get in there in time to get a decent selection.  I didn't know you could special order with a groupon, but I was pleased with what I got. Red velvet, cookies and cream, peanut butter, chocolate, and vanilla. My kids LOVED them... And they were so big they couldn't even finish one. The icing is very sweet and you probably won't be able to eat it all. The cake is super moist and Full of flavor. The cupcakes are huge and a great value for the price. The groupon deal is a steal! The staff was attentive and very friendly. The gentleman there was very nice and helpful. I will definitely be back.
2	I normally don't post reviews on Yelp, but I was so shocked by the customer service that I just received. I used to come here quite a bit when they opened a few years ago, but ever since I moved across town I really didn't want to take the drive. My sister ordered cupcakes and I got a dozen dossants, the snotty associate rolled her eyes when we asked how many cupcakes we still needed to get a dozen, and didn't want to make us anymore cupcakes since we were basically going to wipe out the cupcakes that were already out. Never will I go back to this place....
4	They have this new pastry called dossant a half donut and half croissant. You can have it in different ways. Cream filled with vanilla or chocolate or plain, either way they all yummy.
4	Great cupcakes. Good variety but they are made with fresh ingredients so have to come on the right day to get some. Doissants are flaky and good. Had a passion fruit cupcake and now going to try guava. Will edit later after I try it.
5	Excellent job creating the pirate cake I was looking for. I submitted a design and they created a beautiful cake that was very delicious too! See the photos I posted.I am recommending Caked Las Vegas to all my friends!
5	Had their cronut and their oreo cupcakes. Their cronuts were really good and moist! $3.00 per cronut, I thought was a little expensive.
5	I looked at a couple places and went with Caked as they had great reviews and beautiful cakes!!   Not only did my cake taste amazing, so moist the cake was exactly what I requested, you can tell the minute you see their cakes in person it's a true passion and they pay attention to details! I uploaded a picture as well to show the perfect Patriots cake.
5	Omg! This sure a late entry but better later then never. Caked was sure a life safer. At the last minute another cake company canceled on me for a bachelorette party I was throwing in las Vegas at the Bellagio hotel. Not only did the accomendate me they delivered a beautiful cake and cupcakes with cake pops. It was a show stopper. The tast was great! So professional and reliable. I had made all the arrangements from Los angels,ca via email how great is that! If you want a professional company with great tasting cakes this is the place. Thank you Emily for all your great help and reducing my stress and anxiety. Sorry the review is so late.  You will be hearing from shortly my hubbie bday out there. Thx a again
1	Warning ...... NEW OWNER & Staff!!!! Customer Service is not good!!! After emailing my order in they processed to tell me I didn't request a simplicity request.  I HAVE IT IN WRITING!!!! LOOKS like homemade cake I am not a baker but could have made these at home.  VERY DISAPPOINTED..... Will NEVER be back!!!! No refund no continuation ...... was lucky to get an "I sorry"
3	Bought a dozen cupcakes using a Groupon. Cupcakes were ok, but there are much better places in town in my opinion.  The cupcake itself tasted like something I could make at home.  I thought the frosting was better than the cupcake so that was a positive.  I prefer Retro cupcakes in the northwest.  For nearby The Cupcakery is superior to Caked.  Improve the actual cupcake by making it more dense and larger and I'd come back.  For now, I'll go elsewhere.
1	I honestly was in serious debate over 1 or 2 stars.  But figured I'd be nice with 2.  So...I went to Caked Las Vegas, which is on the opposite side of town than where I live, but wanted to try a new cupcake place out (as Ive tried many lol) and found a groupon for them too (bonus).  I arrived to pick up a dozen cupcakes on Wed 9/17/14 about 4pm.  When I arrived there was a heavier set gentleman working behind the counter, appearing to help a family pick out some kind of designs or ideas for their purchase/cake.  After a few mins of standing there (as the store is not large) he finally acknowledge that I was there.  While I am watching him touch different items on the counter, the ipad or something he was using and other things, I see how he DOES NOT WASH HIS HANDS or PUT ON GLOVES before helping me pick out my cupcakes.  I was a little bummed that there was only one Red Velvet cupcake left, so used my dozen on that one, couple peanut butter, couple oreo, couple black and white, a neopolitan, two strawberry, a lemon and a coconut cupcakes.  Mind you this guys picks up all my cupcakes and I know that he at least touched on at one point as there was some frosting on his hand.  So I'm already grossed out, but I don't want to be "that person".  So I just continue to check out. Then a younger lady comes from the back and rings me up, she was more pleasant and appeared to know more about the operations of the store, she rang me up.  So I get to my friend suprise birthday party shortly after and am really excited about all the flavors and cupcakes.  I start with the black and white...BLAH...I've never tasted cake that was so bland and without flavor. The butter cream frosting should be called SUGAR cream frosting, it too was not very good. I am not a fan of bland tasting frostings with more sugar flavor than anything else. I thought, maybe its just this one...well I then tried the neopolitan which was equally as bland, and the frosting tasted like a bad bubble gum...then the coconut, which had possibly better cake, but it was very dry and the frosting was eh...then I tried a bite of the Strawberry as well as Oreo and again still not a fan.  Maybe I expect too much as Ive tasted many other places and their delicious flavors and frostings, but this place not only didn't taste well, but the POOR handling of the food was gross, almost a health hazard. I have my health card and even I know you need to wash your hands or put gloves on when working with food items.
1	I give this place less than a year before they close thier doors. Horrible customer service by a young blonde girl that works thier ( must be owners daughter) because I would have already fired her. Cupcakes are dry and don't taste fresh, to be honest Smith's has better cupcakes. I really used to like this place before new ownership but they really need to step it up.
4	My first time here with my family and my first impression of the place is that it's pretty small. There isn't that much space for seating. The decorations and interior is cute, kind of homey. There wasn't anybody in the front, we had to wait for about 4 min before someone showed up behind the counter. We ordered two cronuts (croissant-donuts), the sugar and cinnamon sugar. They were both delicious! I'll be coming again soon! Although I hope there will be someone in the front next time.
1	If I could post with a zero star rating, I would. I had a cake emergency and thought I would try Caked because they're close to my house. Bad decision. I was told they couldn't do my cake when I needed it, but they offered an earlier day. I thought since they know a lot about cakes that they were giving me good info. Wrong! When I picked up the cake, the name on the cake was spelled wrong; they rewrote the order and misspelled they name. They fixed the name but still looked at me like it was my fault. I was told the cake would be wrapped in bakers wrap, whatever that is. It was just drying out in their refrigerator only to be put in an ill shaped box. Any who, on to the event, a baby shower. Let's start with the only positive about this cake: it looked pretty on the outside. If they would have told me that they were gonna put pretty over a nightmare, I could have at least been prepared for the terror within... So, here's the downside: when we cut into the cake it was hard for one. Two, the fruit inside was yucky. Three, the fondant/icing travesty was thick and appalling. Four, the rice crispy chaos was dry. Then, it crumbled, crashed and burned after that. Straight to the trash it went! I was so sad. After cooling off, I called to talk to the owner about my experience. He made it seem like it was my fault for not keeping the crumbly mess of a cake to bring in for him to see. He went on to tell me that he doesn't know who would tell me that getting a cake early was a good idea. He also said fondant was a pain to deal with (so why do you offer it?). The list goes on... A lot went wrong with my Caked experience. He didn't even offer any solutions; he was never there went I went in to talk to him either. Well, I know that we all have different experiences, but if you choose to patronize Caked make sure you have extinguished all other options and do your research because apparently they are greedy for a buck (it's business, I get it) and I don't know who could possibly do anything right round there!
1	I should have gone with my instincts and not come to this joke of a cake/cupcake business.  First, the lady at the counter was not pleasant at all.  She was blatantly rude to my sister and I.  She looked annoyed from the time we stepped foot into this establishment to the time we were done with our order.  She was lucky that I was on a time crunch and needed to order cupcakes for my husband's birthday or else I would have given her a piece of my mind.  Prior to coming here, I bought a groupon for the cupcakes I wanted to order.  When I had used my groupon initially she did not charge me for tax; however, upon picking up my order, she told me that I needed to pay for tax.  Wth?!  Who charges tax after a transaction has been made?  I was throughly irritated with this b*****.  To top it off, the cupcakes were small and were very bland.  Don't go to this place if you are expecting good customer service or tasty cupcakes.   Take your business elsewhere.
1	I'm disapointed with my cake order from this place. The fondant started cracking and the cake was so moist and gooey that the cake felt apart. The cake was decorated very nice but I had to throw away half of the cake because it collapsed and the cake was in crumbles. It was a waste of cake and huge disappointment at my little girl's party (see posted pic).Do no throw your money with this bakery. I send them an email with this information and no one bothered to call me or refund my money. No customer service!
1	Worst place to order a cake. Such a disappoitment! I ordered a full sheet circus cake and the cake cracked in the middle. The animals were cut outs that seemed rushedand so was the circus tent. The flavor was red velvet which was hard. Their designer/baker stefanie was very unpleasant, very rude and a liar! They even spelled my son's name wrong!!! Do not ever order a cake here! Their designers are the worst- no imagination and they rush their cakes!!
5	So sad to see all the bad reviews, I bought a wedding cake from here in September for my brother. His wife had already printed a picture of one she has seen and brought it in, when we picked up the cake we were blown away! It looked even better than the picture. She picked all chocolate for each tear on the cake (4 tears) and I wasn't thrilled, not a fan of chocolate, but that night when they cut into it, it was amazing. I've never been to a wedding where the entire cake is eaten and no it's not because we ordered a small cake. We had nothing but positive comments and feedback. I will be ordering a cake for my birthday and my daughters birthday, both coming up soon.
4	Their guava cupcake is so yummy and perfectly cooked & moist. A must stop on all my trips to sin city.
5	Awesome just doesn't come close to describing this place. To the 3 girls I talked to over the course of my order to the bomb cake I picked up for my daughters 2nd birthday. Will definately be back!  The cake came out just as I had asked and my daughter was extatic to see minnie mouse :)
3	I ordered a cake from here for my best friend's purple baby shower. There were a couple things I loved about this cake. The first was that I scoured the Internet for a cake I liked. After finding three different cakes that I liked parts of, I took all three photos down to Caked. They followed my instructions perfectly and the cake looked almost (we'll get to this later) exactly as I imagined it would. Secondly, the Mom-to-Be really liked it so that was great. After taking down my instructions on the design, flavor, etc., they asked how many guests I would be feeding, I said 10. They rang me up, scheduled my pickup for the day of my event, and I went on my way.  I feel like it is important to note that both myself and my co-host could whip up a delicious cake. I chose to order one because I not only wanted a tasty cake but also wanted something beautiful that could add to the aesthetic of the shower.  It is this reason that I was disappointed when I picked up the cake.  Though gorgeous and designed exactly as I had asked for, the cake was tiny. After thinking about it, I realize that they based the size off of the number of guests and this does make sense to me. However, the more I thought about it, the more it irked me that I paid $15/serving for a tiny two tiered cake covered in fondant and sprinkles. I rarely feel this way but it left me feeling kind of ripped off. The cake (white cake with a layer of strawberry butter cream frosting) tasted sort of plain to me. I generally find a cake to be delicious when it can stand on its own, without the sweet frosting. This slice needed all the help the frosting could muster as it  was bland and a touch dry.  I found everyone who worked in the bakery to be pleasant and professional. For this reason and the fact that they followed my instructions exactly, I have added a star to what would have otherwise been a two star review. Needless to say, I will not be ordering from here again. While the cake was beautiful, it just seemed really overpriced.
4	Got a groupon for my wedding cupcakes. $3 additional/cupcake for dice, poker chip, ace of hearts card, and red heart with "just married" decoration. $35 delivery fee. Small miscommunication with the delivery to hotel but owner made up for it. The employees over all were ok. Some were nicer and more helpful then others on the phone. Got snickers and peanut butter cupcakes. Hands down the best cupcake I've ever tasted!
1	Worst!!! The morning for pickup of my special order, I  found a notice on the door saying "we are temporarily closed today due to construction" I panicked and freaked out! We have no pink cake for my daughter's birthday!!! I left note there and I started drive to find a substitute!!! I went everywhere and finally find kinda matched one to my theme.  I went home and doing final touch to all the cooking before party started. I got phone call from this store and the woman told we are open for the pickup even though we are closed for today....I wanted to say I already bought other one! But then I felt bad they already made it and still that's the best match to the party theme. If they just simply put that down on the notice I wouldn't panic at all!!! And when I went there to pick up she treated me its my fault that I panicked.... She said everybody had no problems only you!!!I end up spending fortune on cakes that day and have to hear bunch of unpleasant accuse from her!! I never buy from them!!I just don't like how she treated me! If you just apologized sincerely I would have totally different attitude!!!I like their cakes though!
1	Worst caked picked up right now. I think albertsons across the street has better cake decorators. Super disappointed after wanting to try new bakeries.. This is what I get. 70 bucks for a cake I could have decorated better. Should I even taste the inside?
5	This place put all the rest to shame!I called 10 different places all in LV and everyone of them were not able to help me or asked for twice the delivery fee even though they claimed to have same day delivery. And mind you I was calling at 11:30 am.Then I found - CAKED! (at 12:45pm)Mickey was an amazing help over at Caked!I called and with in seconds he picked up the phone I expalined that I was in CA and needed a last min order  of cupcakes delivered to a very good friend for her birthday and he went above and beyond not only in helping me pic out my order and add to it but even cut my price in half.What an amazing experience to have now a days were people really make you feel like family when calling for help.They deleverd in more than just one very important way, they went the extra mile.If you are looking for a place that will give you their all this is the place. They have earned my loyalty completely. Thank you Caked and thank you Mickey for everything. Sure made my day and my girls day so much more special! And thouse are memories worth making!
1	The worst desserts EVER! The maple bacon cronut had an odd chemical after taste and the banana cream cronut with the peanut butter glaze was disgustingly awful. The banana cream had an artificial  flavor taste as if they used a jello pudding pack. Everything tasted cheaply made. We had also bought a triple chocolate ganache cup cake... it was so so..Steer clear from this dessert shop !
1	After reading some Yelp reviews I thought I'd give it a try. It was 4:30 pm in the afternoon and the place was closed. The sign on the door, and Yelp, shows its open until 7pm. No other sign posted. No "Sorry we ran out of food" nothing. Great way to run a business.
