4	Was in town from Boston, and had my first Cracker Barrel breakfast here.  Yes, it's a chain.  Yes, it's kitschy.  The environment is very "olde-tymey" and cute, but the food is pretty great!  The servers were terrific, the coffee good, and the juices (both OJ and grapefruit) were fresh squeezed.For *less than $4* you could get some hash brown casserole (baked with cheese and onions mmm), a bowl of fried apples (buttery, not too mushy, and tart enough to balance the sweet), and two flaky biscuits.  Unbelievable values on the menu.Had the pancakes on another visit - perhaps a touch too buttery, but absolutely delicious, just the right balance of hearty and sweet.  Good bacon too!Classic food, delivered simply with a smile, for a great price.If I lived nearby I'd be coming back, a lot.
4	Who doesn't like a country style breakfast? I'm such a fan of Cracker Barrel and I forget that I work right up the street from it (probably a good thing). My buddy and I were craving breakfast for lunch once again. I think we're on some unspoken quest for the perfect breakfast for lunch place. I am so glad we headed to Cracker Barrel today. I had "Mama's french toast breakfast". It should be called "Mama's stuff you full because she knows damn well you ain't been eatin' right without her there platter". It came with 4 slices of sourdough french toast, 2 eggs, your choice of bacon or sausage (I chose sausage), and of course I had to order a small side of the hash brown casserole. Of course. I washed all the artery clogging goodness with a large OJ. YUM. Everything came out hot and fresh and with maple syrup. Real maple syrup, y'all! My lunch buddy had the country breakfast that came with eggs, bacon, biscuits and gravy, and grits! We were both so happy we were giggling like little kids in between bites of the great breakfast. For about the same price of another competitor's breakfast platter, we got a fresh baked, hot off the griddle and huge breakfast. I think we've decided that this is a favorite from now on! ....or have we???
3	Not the bestNot the worstI'd go backI got the Sunrise Sampler breakfast mealThe biscuits were great!The gravy was a little bland and old-people foodishThe eggs were butteryI didn't care for the bacon, ham or sausageCheesey potatoes were great!Grits... yucky.So all in all... I'd go back, I just wouldn't rush back.
4	Some days you just want food that is bad for you in the best way. My typical Cracker Barrel order:- 2 eggs, scrambled- Biscuits (with butter)- Hashbrown Casserole (mmmmm cheesy potatoes)- Cinnamon ApplesFor whatever reason this combination doesn't exist on their menu, so I usually end up ordering the Hasbrowns, Apples and Biscuits with a side of two scrambled eggs. But whatever. The point is that all of those things together are amazing. They make you feel like you're 6 years old and out to breakfast with Grandma. Plus, the crazy kitschy store sells John Deere baseball caps. How can you not love that? Add the fact that it's cheap as hell...plus the peg game on the tables...and it basically makes up for the fact that the servers appear to be hired from the local halfway house. So yeah. When your arteries are feeling particularly too clear and you need some warm, salty, buttery goodness....head to Cracker Barrel.
3	So I go to this place whenever I reminisce about my hometown in the south.  They have descent comfort food for really cheap price.  *Food = descent comfort food (Fried okra mmm yum)*Price = REALLY cheap*Service = very nice, welcoming*Atmosphere = interesting...they have really cute shop attached to the restaurant.
2	Waking thru the country store, I was not sure I was in the right place. All those cars outside on a sunday morning led me to believe I had to sprint to the hostess stand for a table. But this place is huge, and there was no wait at all. They could even seat six tops without a wait! We scored a table right by the front window, and were immediately greeted by a friendly waitress for drinks. She pointed out the two most popular dishes on the menu - pancake breakfast (think grand slam at denny's)  or the standard meat, eggs, biscuits and gravy.Big menu, but no omelets? I had the french toast w/ bacon. It was cold and leathery. Husband had the grand-slam thing - it was a lot o f food w/ a  big bowl of  canned tasting gravy.   Food was just ok. Coffee was bad. Service was great. Won't go back  - there are better breakfast places in Ahwatukee.
4	I haven't been to one of these in a looong time...   Took my girl and a buddy of mine out tonight and had some good breakfast...  All 3 of us with tip ran me $37... not shabby.- Lots of food... I had breakfast - GOOOOOOOD maple syrup... damn I could eat those pancakes w/ that syrup all frickin day- still can't get into grits... idk wtf they're so popular for *shrug*- eggs... sunny side up... goood- hashbrown casserole?  I'd rather have normal hashbrowns but the new twist wasn't too shabby... good- coke... (yes it's important) good...  proper amt of fiz- biscuits & gravy... superb.- Cinnamon Apples... NOM!Again Price was good... I expected it to cost more honestly.Service... great!  Guy was really nice and patient with our indecisiveness (mostly my ADD)I'm not into the shopping area with all the kids toys and antiques... stuff my mom would love... to each his own...I'll be back
4	Cracker Barrel is so dependable for down-home American comfort food!  My boyfriend and I were in Phoenix, heading back to our part of town on I-10.  We decided Cracker Barrel would be the perfect stop for brunch.  The wait was 25 minutes that Sunday around 1pm.  We didn't mind, because we spent that time perusing the old-fashioned candy and timeless children's games in the gift shop area.  I also love checking out the latest and greatest kitchen gadgets and decorative plates, etc. in the gift shop.  I purchased a cute muffin pan with a snap-on lid perfect for bringing baked goods to work!  The food was outstanding and definitely fresh.  I love the apple cider in a mug too!  Mmm I think that's my favorite thing on the whole menu!  I can't get enough of that tasty cider!  The biscuits are so yummy too!  Cracker Barrel food never disappoints me.  The service was a bit short, since they were so busy, and that wasn't too cool, but I'm still giving this review 4 stars, because service is usually much better at this location.
3	Excellent food as always
3	I've been a fan of Cracker Barrel, my first intro to it was back in Roanoke, Virginia where I had the chicken fried chicken, and had their fried apples. I really like their fried apples coz it reminds me of the wholesome, and slightly sweetish tart of an apple pie filling. Anywho, recently went to brunch at the Cracker Barrel and ordered the Country Boy Special, an $8.99 deal with 3 eggs, a choice of country ham, pork chops or sirloin steak. I chose the pork chops. It also comes with the hashbrown cake, fried apples, grits, gravy and two biscuits. A whole lotta food but worth the deliciousness and calories. I have to admit their pork chops are tender and yum, I've always heard good things about the pork chops in the past. Apart from that liked the gravy and their soft and warm buttermilk biscuits. I was stuffed, and had to take home my fried apples which i do love alone or with some vanilla ice cream, the perfect afternoon treat! Overall, if you'd like yum country food, this place is good even for a chain!Oh and depending on the month, ask if they have their awesome coca cola chocolate cake... it's YUM!
3	It was an average restaurant. Mill gravy is to sweet and as other reviewer stated needs more pepper and really could use chunks of sausage. The smoked sausage was very good, would love the gravy with it in it. For breakfast the price is right. Service was great I'd give our girl a 5 star as she was prompt and nice, took good care of her customers. Our food was delivered very very fast I was shocked.
4	Since there's no 3.5 option I'll bump them up to 4.  Good food, great biscuits, good service, and a nice clean atmosphere.  Also has a neat little gift store attached with a great selection of old school candy and snacks.
4	Yes...I admit it...I've a soft spot for southern food. CBs were reminiscent of the food I grew up with in childhood. Although not authentic in all flavors (to my memory), it certainly hit close to home anytime I was on the road. I was saddened to learn that there was nothing closer than AZ or Sacramento....On a day of a craving, I hopped in the car, drove to this location and ordered my tradition: country fried steak, fried okra, biscuits, steak fries, mashed potatoes, and crumble for dessert. Service was good (consistent with the fellow CBs I've been to across the country) and food hit the spot.
2	I have noticed that lately the food and service are getting worse and worse. ICE cold mashed potatoes, burnt hashbrown casserole, slow service and not getting refills on time. Seems each time we go it gets worse and that is all locations.
5	Two words: Sunrise Sampler. That's all you need to know.
2	Service was great, but the food was definitely lackluster. However, the apple strudel dessert was fantastic. Next timewe will just go for the dessert!
4	This location is clean and efficient.  Our waitress was awesome and had our order in and food out VERY quickly.  The food is all fantastic and of good quality.
2	First and foremost, I LOVE Cracker Barrel, so it pains me to write this review...I suppose I am just spoiled by the amazing Cracker Barrel chains in the South that I've experienced, but this place doesn't hold a candle.I ordered breakfast, which was just alright. I ordered Cheesy Grits and they were terrible - under cooked, no flavor whatsoever, and just had cheese on top. Gross. The pancakes I ordered were no better. They were covered in oil... to the point where I could squeeze the pancake and have it drip oil. I abandoned them after a couple of bites.The staff was super friendly, so plus one for that, but this is by far the worst experience I've had at this chain... ever.I don't think I will come back.
1	I used to love this place and would eat there often dealing with hour long waits.  My family loves the rocking chairs and checkers games to play while waiting.  Over the years I had noticed the quality of food was spotting with sometimes good, sometimes bad but we continued to go.  The last time we waited over an hour, the kids were tired and hungry and we were thrilled when we finally got a table.  Being they were so bust service was slow.  We waited forever for drinks and to place our order.  About 40 minutes later our food came.  My daughter was sitting next to me and my son was sitting next to my husband.  My husband has ordered a breakfast meals with everything.  He took a large piece of ham off his plate and gave it to my son.  My son took one bite and said it didn't taste good and he wasn't hungry.  Thinking he was just being difficult, I said he had to eat it.  I watched him gag through another bite and realized something was wrong.  My husband then looked at it and smelled it and the ham was BAD.  I mean really BAD like off color and smelled rotten.  I was in shock.  That could make someone really sick.  We told the waiter who was not surprised at all.  Just offered to take it back and take it off the bill and replace it??   I was shocked and really worried about my son getting sick.  The manager was not concerned and acted like I was overreacting.  My family has never gone back but I was talking with my neighbor the other day and he said the same thing happen to him.  I am not sure how this could happen.  How does bad food get out of the kitchen?  How could no one notice?  I will never go back!
2	Cracker Barrel is, usually, a favorite of mine. I love the tacky store out front with all the silly gifts, decorations, candies, etc. I love the environment inside, with the fire place, checkers, and little triangle game on the tables. But #1 is the food. I love good ol' Southern food!This Cracker Barrel's food was lackluster, at best. The food wasn't even particularly hot. Their sweet tea was a disgrace in the name of sweet tea. The grits were absolutely disgusting and an embarrassment to have been served.I have to admit, I wasn't totally surprised - we're nowhere near the actual south. But nevertheless, I came in hoping for a tasty delicious southern meal, and left hugely disappointed.On the upside, the service was fine. Nothing spectacular, but not a huge letdown either.I won't be revisiting this Cracker Barrel.
4	Not know for fine dining but for good old home cooked meals! Love Cracker Barrel!!  But tried their double chocolate coke a cola cake with vanilla ice cream and OMG that is some good cake!!!! Im already wanting more!!!  Love me some chocolate cake!!! Have to say I was looking forward to buying some items in the store, but since their system was down and credit purchases had to be called in that deterred me from shopping...oh well, I suck for not liking the wait.
1	Bleh.  How do I describe - it's like a cheap museum with the gift shop at the end that you have to go through to get out.  The eggs were greasy.  The sausage was greasy.  The toast was not toasted completely.  The service is right out of the TV show Alice - "kiss my grits, mel'.  Don't expect great service or even digestible food.  Pass on this one.  Not worth the time it takes to park and get through the gift shop.
4	If you don't like a wait don't come here on Saturday or Sunday morning because it's inevitable. Other than that any other time you can pretty much walk right in without a wait. The food is average American Comfort with the huge Southern Hospitality portions us fat Americans have grown to love and expect. The service is usually A+ ( on average I usually tip the servers 25% because they are so nice and welcoming). I prefer the Breakfast menu over the Lunch & Dinner selection. My favorite breakfast is the Blueberry pancakes that's served with REAL blueberry syrup, I usually get bacon and scrambled eggs on the side. For dinner you can't go wrong with the Catfish or Chicken Fried steak. The price or the food and quantity/quality are right on. Don't expect fine dining here but do enjoy the fat induced food coma afterwards.
4	Heavy southern food with delicious biscuits and mouthwatering homemade jam. Enough said.
5	I absolutely love this place! The french toast and hashbrown casserole is so good! I was visiting from Southern California and I wish we had these there! Great food and atmosphere!
4	I've been to Cracker Barrel a few times before, and always enjoyed it. The food reminds me of stuff my mom, aunts, and grandmothers cook and the service is good.Last night I went with my girlfriend and our food came out really fast, which was great. But it was warm at best. My mashed potatoes were pretty much cold, with warm spots. My chicken n dumplings were mostly warm, with some cold spots. My fried apples were cold. The mac n cheese was slightly above room temperature. Her meat loaf sandwich was prepared different then usual, had no gravy, and the bread was soggy. We were both starving so we ate what was brought, and I had planned on just letting the manager know. I even took my leftovers in a box. I wasn't looking for any sort of discount or anything, since we had come in late on a Sunday night and the food tasted great besides the temperature.When I mentioned the issues to the manager, he immediately said they'd take care of our meal. I was shocked. I was actually offering to pay our bill, and he wouldn't let me.Everyone has off days, and the manager went above and beyond to correct an issue that I wasn't even really that concerned about. Last nights visit won't stop me from coming back.
4	I've gone there several times just for breakfast and have never been disappointed. I love the service. They are very friendly and thoughtful. I love the hash browns  and the grits. Seems like a old fashion combo. The food is always warm to hot when I get it. The coffee is always full and I don't have to hunt down the wait staff to get my coffee filled. My mom came down from Montana and she loved the wall decorations (she could relate) and the over all experience.
2	We came here for breakfast. For years Ive been hearing how great this place is...WTH?  What a disappointment!  Food was luke warm to cold, bland and just yucky. Maybe lunch would be better? Im afraid to try...
4	I enjoy coming to Cracker Barrel. I always come here when I see the Angels for Spring Training. I like checking out the "Country Store". I see a lot of stuff here I don't normally see.Service at the restaurant is hit and miss. Sometimes I've had great service while other times it's been pretty slow.I really like the atmosphere/decor of the restaurant.Food is just ok. Pretty reasonable prices.Save room for the coke cake. It's worth trying!
1	I absolutely LOVE Cracker Barrel, but this particular branch does not do the chain justice.  I visited this Cracker Barrel two times and was treated with the same biased service. As an African American I try not to use the race card as it is a subject I choose to avoid, but for the first time I can say I felt as if my race played a factor in the horrible service I experienced at this location.  So for  that I say do not visit this location they have horrible service, and you will definitely notice the difference in treatment.
4	It is divine intervention that there is not a Cracker Barrel in LA because I would eat here every weekend if I could!  I finally had a chance to eat at the infamous Cracker Barrel during my visit to Arizona and Yay, I'm a fan!  I had the Momma's Pancake Breakfast and a side of the Hashbrown Casserole and WOW!!  The breakfast reminded me so much of my Great Aunt's old kitchen...nothing beats comfort food (you're welcome to use that Cracker Barrel for a small fee :-))Although the Breakfast was amazing, it was also recommended to us to try the Meatloaf and Mashed Potatoes on our next trip so I can't wait!
4	Always good and dependable food and service
5	This used to be my "regular" Cracker Barrel when we lived in Ahwatukee. Then I made the mistake of moving back to San Diego & boy do I miss this place! My whole family does,too! We were back for a visit recently & we were not disappointed,except for the fact that our favorite waitress was off the day we were there!Great breakfasts...you won't leave hungry! I love their salads for lunch,but they have lots of good sandwiches,too! Dinners are good,too. We love their Chicken Fried Steak & Chicken Fried Chicken on the dinner menu & at breakfast,too! My husband likes their Meatloaf. Our son's fave is their Chicken & Dumplings! They make fresh dumplings throughout the day (at least that's what they say on the Food Network) & they always seem fresh to me!I really hate to give you this tip,because I'm afraid that they'll run out next time I'm there! On Sunday they have a dinner special "Homestyle Chicken",2 Fried Chicken Breasts (boneless) with 2 sides & of course biscuts & corn muffins! These chicken pieces are so large (usually) that my husband & I would eat one for dinner & bring the other home for lunch on Monday!Don't forget to have a piece of Chocolate CocaCola Cake! YUM!Service is usually great,alot of the servers have been there at least 5 yrs & management,too...keeps the place consistant! I can't wait to go visit again...I miss this place!
5	Stopped in here for lunch today joined by Mike C. & Robyn N.  This was my third visit ever to a CB & the first time to this one.  I went with a Reuben Sandwich Plate, which included a cup of Cole Slaw & a cup of Beefy Cabbage Soup.  The service was good at this location, the atmosphere fun, the food delicious & the prices reasonable.  5 Stars!     :-))Reuben Sandwich Plate $8.19
5	Tried the Cinnamon Streusel French Toast Breakfast plate. Was very good!! A ill sweet, but so tasty. The ambiance in the store is always so homey.
4	I always feel bad to go out on a Holiday. My girlfriend really does not like to. Because,she says it makes the stores be open and people have to work on the Holiday.But, Today,(New Years Day) we went to Cracker Barrel.My girlfriend tipped very well because of the guilt.They were packed! We got a table just at the other end of the Fireplace near the window. It was freezing. I think because, they had all the fans on and it was only 52 outside. This is why only 4 stars,it was sooooo cold.Anyway, our food was excellent! Stephanie was our waitress, she was great!We ordered Breakfast even though it was 1pm. They will give you either one,breakfast or lunch. Another great thing about them.Even though they were so busy we still had great service and our food was awesome.I really wish they did not have to work on a Holiday, But, it was great so Thank you employees of Cracker barrel.Also we bought some stuff from the store they have some cool items in that little country store.
2	Loved the ambience and was really looking forward to this place, what after having loved lolo's I was really excited about another southern joint?! I havta say I am terribly disappointed with this place, not coming back here for food againThey darn sprinkle bacon on everything, especially when I told the waitress already that I am a vegetarian! Really insultingThe waitress could care less. When asked by one of the elderly women in our party about what is in the soup, she just said she didn't know and didnt even offer to go find out! Why be in service industry if you can't do the only thing you are supposed to do!? Ah well we tipped her $10 anyways, like I said as if she cares even if we didnt, just another day!
2	Cracker Barrel is one of those places I have been eating at for many, many years, but unfortunately, I feel their quality is going down and their prices going up.  On our last visit, the service was as good as it gets - they get an A+ on service.  I ordered the 4 vegetable plate and substituted 2 veggies for a baked potato and a dinner salad.  One of the veggies was green beans - the bowl was not heaped high like it used to be - I ate the entire contents with two bites.  The potato came with butter and a packet of sour cream - no bacon, no chives, no cheese - this was a big change from the past and I felt like I was totally ripped off.  Wendy's has a sour cream and baked potato for a buck.  The salad was small and had lettuce, tomato and that's it.  No onion, etc or anything - plain.  My total bill for my plate was 12 dollars.  I won't be going back anytime soon, that's for sure.
3	This place.Always brings back the Midwest nostalgia.  I like perusing the little country store before my meal... there are the strangest little knick-knacks there that you feel you can't live without.  A tea kettle shaped like a rooster??  Sign me up.!  I think this is the only place still doing low-carb... listing all of the net carbs on the menu.  Thanks, Cracker Barrel.  It's pretty inexpensive for the amount of food you get.  The quality of the food?  Mehh...Our waitress was a little older... bless her heart.  She was keeping up for the most part.  All in all, just okay... I might be back to check out breakfast... it looks really tasty.
2	If your grandparents are in town, then they will probably like Cracker Barrel.  Very bland menu. My waitress was a little odd and really seemed unorganized with her tables.  I ordered the Uncle Herschel's Favorite .Two Eggs with Grits, Sawmill Gravy and Homemade Buttermilk Biscuits along with Real Butter and the best Preserves and Grilled Pork Chop is what's on the menu.  However, the grits were really runny, eggs overcooked, the "grilled" pork chop need salt nor was it grilled and the "best" Preserves, I have no idea what that's supposed to be.  I really don't think Uncle Herschel would like the dish!  My coffee cup was never filled until I was ready to go.  It's cheap but really not what I had expected from Cracker Barrel.
1	Worst breakfast I have ever had.  Ordered biscuits and gravy with sausage.  Gravy not hot and had to ask for more and still not enough to cover biscuits and sausage. Was not breakfast sausage but some dry beef stick. Never again.
4	How can you go wrong with Cracker Barrel -- I always go to these restaurants when I'm traveling or doing some sort of physical activity that requires some travel.  Hands down some of the best pancakes I've had and that's saying a lot - wink!  I usually don't eat pancakes, but sometimes you just gotta carb load.  If I'm not mistaken they make and bottle their own maple syrup. Served warm this combination of the goowy sticky syrup and pancakes is music to my palate!Along with pancakes I order their Eggs in a Hole - over easy of course.  Yummy ooze of egg yolk flows through my hash browns and the crispy bacon!  Mmmmm...I can't wait for the next trip.  Might just have to go somewhere so I can go to Cracker Barrel!  Overall, the service here is always excellent.  The place is built like some old cabin with some Midwest flare -- We ain't in Kansas!?  They sell really random things in their store front from shirts, candles, stuffed animals and books....I get confused, but maybe I just need another cup of Joe. - Enjoy!
3	It's Cracker Barrel. I haven't eaten there for years, at least 8 or more.We ordered take out last week.Husband said to give excellent feedback based on the manager fixing a problem with our order.4 stars for  the manager-1star for the chicken fried steak
3	Okay, we see the commercials all the time in Los Angeles which is silly because there are no Cracker Barrel restaurants/stores in all of California. So when planning our trip to Phoenix I decided to look and see if there was a Cracker Barrel anywhere near the resort. Awesome there was one just one exit up on the 10 freeway. The anticipation was high as we pulled in and saw the rows of rocking chairs for sale in front then once inside the smell of cinnamon candles was overwhelming. The novelty of this place in unbelievable. With Moon pies and jumbo size candy bars and soda and coffee and bake mix and I could go on, but my review is really for the restaurant.  I ordered the Chicken and Dumplins no "g" in dumplins cuz were tryin to be authentic here. for my sides I ordered the Fried apples and steak fries. Okay the dumplins are not like my mommas these are the noodle flat kind of dumplins but they also had no flavor. I had to douse them with salt and pepper to get flavor into them. The fried apples were the best part of the meal. Also you get your choice of bread, I love corn bread so I picked that. My wife picked the buttermilk biscuit. I should have taken the Buttermilk Biscuit. Maybe my taste buds took a vacation but the cornbread had no flavor at all, She ordered the grilled chicken tenders mashed potatoes and Fries. She said all of her food was good, she asked me if I wanted to try them but I told her it might mess up my review of the restaurant.  So for novelty, I give it a five, for my food I give it a two for my wife's food I give it a four so overall average is three.
4	Went here one night a little late and it was good food as to be expected. our server Michael G was outstanding.
4	We were going up to Phoenix and decided to have a late breakfast about 11.00 AM.  After debating where to go perusing mentally  through the usual chain restaurants, Denny's, IHOP etc. we decided to give Cracker Barrel a shot.  The place was very crowded and had to wait 15min.  Not too bad.  We figured it would be slow service once we got seated.  No problem.  A waitress came right over to us and took our order.  They have huge selections of interesting breakfast combos as well as lunch choices even before noon.   I got the 2 scrambled eggs with 3 dry crispy slices of bacon, it came with a wonderful light yogurt parfait with nuts, raisins, fresh fruit.  I had some of my husband's pancakes which I believe it was about 4 huge ones with his order of 2 eggs, bacon and it came with the pancakes.  Very reasonably priced.  Food came in about 10 minutes.  Nice and hot and really very very good. The little country store is adorable and fun to walk through it.
3	Great service and decent food.  The breakfast is the king here.  Be sure to get the pancakes..  Also, they had the blackberry cobbler which is a must have.   For dinner, I ordered the grilled catfish with baked apples, baked potatoes (extra cost), and a side salad.  The catfish was tasty and not over seasoned.
1	Went in tonight for the Turkey dinner, and chicken fried steak. Chicken fried steak was "soggy", and tasted horrible. 2 Turkey dinners, and both dishes were served cold. The only thing somewhat edible, was the coleslaw, as it tastes fine when cold. To add to the experience, the Chicken Fired steak was served exactly how I asked it NOT to be, and the mashed potatoes for the 2 Turkey dinners never showed up. The waiter never refilled my Wife's drink, no checked to see if she needed a refill. I asked 3 different times for condiments for the sides, only to receive them after I asked the third time. The kitchen staff, and management are clearly over taxed on anything more than 10% occupancy. we couldn't count the number of people who were in line with complaints over their orders. I WILL NOT ever consider going to this place again.
2	I have no Clue why people this this place was good. It was bearable at best.  The food was not awful, but not anything to jump up and brag about either.. The Store is interesting and I suggest you look through and browse.
5	We were wanting to grab a early dinner, before heading back home to CA.  We decided to come here, since there aren't any in CA and we've heard positive things.  We were greeted by a server name Michael, who was super nice and offered to get us our drink order.  I had their old fashion lemonade w rasperbhy syrup for an additional $0.10.  Omg it was very good!  Everything on their menu looked so good or was hard to decide.  We were given a plate of corn bread and soft biscuits, with butter and honey.  Very yummy, soft and moist.  As for their menu, there's so many to choose from.  Its def a southern comfort type of place.  I ended up ordering their chicken fried chicken, for their din plates you get a choice of 3 sides.  I got their Mac n cheese, mash, and corn.  It was very delicious and filling.  For those trying to watch your weight or wanting to eat more healthy, they have a section on their menu on the lighter side for calories.  The other half of the restaurant, is a store where they sell so many trinkets, candies, soda, candles, gifts etc.  very cute store!  A must visit when in AZ.
5	My son never behaves in a restaurant. That's why I don't consider Cracker Barrel  a typical restaurant. He Is fascinated by all the little gifts in the welcome store.
3	Pros: Good food, good price. I love that they offer healthy alternatives like egg whites, turkey sausage, turkey bacon, non fat yogurt with fruit and more. Fun to look around the random store but why would you buy anything there? Cons: The wait is always forever to get in, tables are crammed together in 2 small rooms. No flavored creamer and drinks and food normally come out at the same time.
4	Guys it's Cracker Barrel - if you're not having a good time you either didn't know what Cracker Barrel is, or you're ordering the wrong stuff.It's a breakfast place, so as soon as you sit down just give them the lunch menu back, because you don't want anything on it.  Then, open up the breakfast menu and find 'Uncle Hershels Breakfast' and order that.  Then eat it.  That's pretty much all you have to do.If you actually haven't been to a Cracker Barrel before, then know this: There are about 1000 of them, and they're a country restaurant and a store that sells candy and beanie babies and a whole bunch of garbage that only an old person would want, but nobody's forcing you to buy the stuff, so just eat the breakfast and get over it.
4	Service is great here. We got here during the rush and still only had to wait 5 min for a table. Very well run. A little pricey but the food was great
5	If you like Polly's you will love this place. Good service and good food!!! Catfish for the second time.
5	OMG those were the nicest and happiest hostesses in the country, I'm quite sure.  The food ended up being "the norm" for Cracker Barrel.  EXCELLENT!
5	Great service. Food that delivers on the brand promise. Fair pricing. What's not to love. Try the butter pecan pancakes for breakfast. You will NOT be disappointed.Wish we had these in California!
4	The food was delicious and cooked to perfection. Unfortunately it took a while to place our order and get our food. They were completely understaffed and while the girl was trying her hardest it was too much fit her to keep up with.
5	Omg the best country food ever!!!!! You won't hate anything on the menu! You'll always find new faves as well! The country fried steak is my ultimate fave! It's always perfection on the tongue! And you cannot leave without a sweet tea!!! Omg it's so good! Indefinitely recommend it no matter if it's breakfast, lunch or dinner!
5	This place is always a great and fun atmosphere the food is great the staff is amazing and it's always good for groups to come and talk eat and have a good time even when there is a wait they have plenty of rocking chairs outside to relax in and they have an old fashioned country store to look around in and even buy some nice things at good prices I highly reccommend this place for breakfast lunch and dinner the food pricing is great and if u haven't been here u need to come it's well worth it
3	So... Cracker Barrel. It's industrial. It's country. It's kitsch. It's formulaic. It's rocking chairs on the "front porch". It's also Goldenberg Peanut Chews. On the road, it's a decent place to stop for all-american comfort food. Not too far off the highways So, you foodies may stick your nose up at this place, but I'll stop here and eat.
5	After being ignored down the street by Arribas Mexican grill, we enjoyed the spicy grilled catfish and the chicken fried steak, it was delicious!
5	Love this place! I am visiting from California and when I found out there was a Cracker Barrel I was set for the rest of my trip. They have the best food ever! Great service is a huge plus! After eating here my favorite thing to do is shop the gift shop! They have Yankee candles, Sock monkeys and cute little nic naks! They also carry nostalgic candy . You can not go wrong with this place!
5	We live in California but visited here while I'm Arizona and we're still dreaming about it! The biscuits are amazing! The apples were super good. I loved the hash brown casserole.. I think the only thing I had that I wasn't crazy about was the grits, and I'm just not really a grits person. Our waitress was great, she let us know that she could get us whatever we wanted, and the menu wasn't set in stone. Overall it was a fantastic experience and we want cracker barrel in California!!
5	I love this place. I'm from California and we don't have Cracker Barrel. Every time I'm in Arizona, this is always my first stop. The service and food are great. My children love to play checkers while they wait for their meal and then we always enjoy shopping in the country store afterwards.
5	Was very glad to find a Cracker Barrel when passing through Phoenix as it brought back great memories from my childhood in the Midwest/South.This Cracker Barrel did not disappoint:  the service was great, the food was tasty, the portions were just right.Upon entering this restaurant we were greeted by friendly staff who made us feel like we were family and that they were glad to see us.  They seemed so genuine because everyone (the server, the receptionist, the cashier, even the bus boy) all greeted us with a warm smile and engaged us in conversation.  We left feeling full and we left feeling valued.Those who stop by should definitely take the time to peruse the gift store as well:  it is stocked with a variety of unique gift, clothing, and food items (even candies I remembered from the 60s).  Cracker Barrel is not just a restaurant with an attached gift shop:  it is an experience.
2	We are Cracker Barrel regulars wherever we travel in the USA, if there is a Cracker Barrel, we might stop in for a bite to eat! There are a few things you can count on.....ice cold air conditioning (even when you don't need it), which usually ends up cooling off my food before I am done eating. But on the plus side, we can count on a clean establishment at all Cracker Barrels and home cooking and a cozy homestyle atmosphere. We stayed overnight at a nearby hotel so this CB was our go-to place for dinner and returned at breakfast...so why only 2 stars? Well, at dinner one of us was served the wrong dinner, it was close enough to what he ordered, but not what he expected (he got chicken fried steak when he ordered chicken fried chicken which is his favorite) he is so nice he didn't send it back, he just ate it. We figured it had to be a fluke, so when we went back for breakfast 14 hours later we figured no chance for a repeat performance, but yet again at breakfast, another server delivered the wrong breakfast to one of us. So, sorry, your employees need more training guys! We will be back and we hope the girls are better at their jobs. We love this food. Oh, and one other thing, my all-time favorite thing is the side order of beans, my little bowl of beans amounted to about 2 tablespoons full of beans with no juice in them....hardly something I would be waiting to eat....At breakfast, my Uncle Hershel's platter had the toughest piece of country ham I have ever eaten, I could not eat it.
3	Mmm Cracker Barrel.  Home style food without the work, dirty dishes, hot kitchen, setting the table, spilled milk, or arguments over the dinner table.  Okay, it's sorta like that.I seriously like the biscuits here -the cornbread, not so much cuz I can make it 10 times better.  Favorite entree here is the chicken n dumplins.  Mmm mmm MMM!Grits - goodCollard greens - goodDumplins - really goodChicken in the chicken n dumplins -  s'alright.The chicken is clearly cooked separately from the dumplins and it's apparent in the flavor and appearance.  Overall, still a reliable restaurant with consistently good, down to earth, Mom & Pop, home style cookin'.And the service is generally alright too.
4	We came here several months ago on our summer vaca to arizona. We enjoyed it. I am a typical tourist but my husband used to live in arizona so he was very familiar with this place. My family and I got SO much food because we wanted a little of everything, and honestly, for those prices you can't beat it! Food was good. My granola pancakes were so soggy and cold I had to send them back but then they brought me a fresh order that had been cooked within the hour...lol.I also LOVED the gift shop!!! Muy bueno!!! We bought games and souvenirs and junk. Wish I had a darn baby because they had soooo many amazingly adorable baby outfits at really great prices. ='(
5	Love, love, love Cracker Barrel! Consistently great service, large portioned food, and at a great price! My hub and I only eat their breakfasts and always leave full and happy. We have tried many breakfast places around town and always end up back at CB. Never change!!
1	First of all, we only ate here because our hotel was down the street.  Our relatives wanted to go to a different place.  I really don't care about slow food as some have complained about this store.  I do care about food making me sick.  I've been to other Cracker Barrels and I have never had food poisoning.  Two people in our party became ill after eating here on Monday.   Worst of all when I called the store to tell them,  they put me on hold for 10 minutes until I finally gave up and hung up.  I wanted to let you know we think the ham made two of us sick and you get the worst rating possible for this.
5	Heard a lot about Crack Barrel.  They have it in the Midwest which my family is also from.  This time I finally got a chance to try it during breakfast.My wife said they had to wait an hour in Chicago in order to be seated at Cracker Barrel.  But the location we went to in Phoenix, we were immediately seated.The service was excellent.  I wanted apple juice and the server figured out a way to accommodate me, even though they ran out.  They were really attentive.The food was great!  I had the redundant Chicken Fried Chicken with biscuits and gravy, grits, eggs over easy and a casserole hash.  It was so good.. the chicken was fried perfectly, nice and crunchy, tasty.  The biscuits were melt in your mouth near flaky texture and gravy was good and tasty.  Grits were good.  The hashbrown casserole was nice and hearty.  The meal that I had is called Grandpa's Country Fried Breakfast.My wife enjoyed her meal as well.Prices are decent.They also have a store as you enter so that you can get some gifts for others or things for yourself.Cool spot.They even sell furniture outside.  I saw a chair that I liked.Cracker Barrel, we need you in Seattle!
4	The uncle hershel breakfast is the best. The blueberry pancakes are awesome also, most of all the price is excellent!
