4	I had the pleasure of being there for there ribbon cutting ceremony.  Food was exellent! Staff was friendly.  Met with the owner.  He was a nice gentleman.  Overall experience was very good.
5	I brought my parents here who are on vacation from Ontario. They have never had authentic Japanese food before and thought this would be the perfect place to break them in. Our server, Camren was very personable and helpful with explaining the extensive menu and recommended some excellent dishes like the tempura and seafood pasta which my parents and I enjoyed throughly. We were also recommended the Hot sake which was an excellent way to start the meal. For dessert our server recommended the deep fried ice cream which we had in green tea, it was monstrous but incredible. The decor and atmosphere is very modern, relaxing and authentic. Camren was attentive with checking up on us and available for any questions we had as well as some fun conversation. Overall the staff was very welcoming and personable and we will definitely be back again!
4	The food is very creative and good quality and cheap. I went with my boyfriend late for dinner and we didn't have a reservation and the staff was great and so friendly. We sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chefs make the rolls so quick. I absolutely loved the dragon roll they actually made it look like a dragon and it was fun. Also the kabuki roll with lots of fish on top, definitely would go back again
4	I have been here twice (once before they opened and once a few days after) and I do like it.  I have never been to the Town Square location but I understand it is a Southwest US chain so I imagine it is quite similar there.  The first time I was at the Yelp Rehearsal Dinner CMYE and my review chronicled my eating there, but I was thoroughly impressed with items on the sushi menu that are more rare here: suzuki (sea bass), aji (Spanish mackerel), hotategai (jumbo whole scallop) and anago (sea eel).  The jumbo scallop was massive and hung over the rice, and melted in my mouth.  We also had the geisha roll (I love how shiso leaf is a key ingredient) and the yellowtail jalepeno (delicious).  Eric R. was not too happy with the hibachi steak and chicken meat quality but everything else was great.  I also had the salmon skin handroll (they do not do them in a cone shape) and it was huge and delicious.  I had the usual iced green tea.  Our server Paul was great.When I returned I sat at the sushi bar.  I was entertained by Chef Terry and Chef Bobby.  I ordered the aji tataki appetizer - the aji was not very tasty this time (I prefer sushi style I guess) - chopped awkwardly with green onion and ginger, with wakame and daikon on the side and ponzu sauce.  Skip this.  I asked the chefs their opinion and got salmon with green onion (belly cut, they understood my love of fatty fish), hamachi belly (with kaiware sprout), and the jumbo scallop again.  The scallop was much smaller but just as melt-y and fresh.  I freakin' love it!  The chefs were awesome and entertaining.  Chef Terry gave me a spicy tuna handroll with less mayo, added jalepenos, and spicy ponzu on the side.  I also had iced tropical green tea (unsweetened).  The handroll was not that amazing (tuna quality was eh) but Chef Terry told me he can do better for quality and cuts next time.  I had a $10 off $30 deal from the grand opening so this was a great deal on a meal.  They do have lunch specials, happy hours, and reverse happy hours so there is more to explore here!
3	Compared to the town square location service is not quite there yet.  My wife ordered veggie roll which was good, and for myself its chicken teriyaki with bbq beef ribs.  They put my order in wrong as some dinner deluxe combination, and after being surprised when dinner is served i questioned the waitress on why i have extra food (shrimp, tempura veggies, etc).  I'm told that is what it comes with, okay...  This is not my first time ordering this dish at Kubuki as we dine at the town square location but i don't press it.  Then i start to eat the beef ribs, and i freakin break a chopstick trying to chew off this gristle.  This is not right the town square location these ribs are absolutely awesome melt in your mouth.  I inform the waitress these are not right, so manager comes by to apologize.  No offers to fix it, etc.  no big deal i just chalk it up to learning curve for this place.  Then i get the bill, and sure enough they charged me for the wrong entree.  Back comes the manager to correct it.  Then i try to pay the bill using my 15% off grand opening coupon i got at the town square location and the server comes back to tell me i cant use it with other discounts.  It turns out instead the manager applied some newspaper advertisement discount or something instead of taking care of the problem.  In the end she removed the entree and applied the 15% discount which is fine.  I would rather pay full price to have a relaxing and enjoyable meal but it just didn't happen here.  It was one thing after another, nothing like the town square location.  I might give this place a few months to get it together then try again.  Its a beautiful location with much potential.
1	We will not be back.... We had a table of 4 . Two people were served after about  a 30 min wait. We waited an hour for our platter. When it arrived  the yellow fin was red and uneatable. In addition to that , the sashimi  pieces were not cut correctly and the sushi rolls were falling apart and in many cases we were AFRAID to eat them because of texture and smell. We asked for the manager and told her what happened . She did not apologize nor did she offer taking the platter off the bill.  THIS IS LAS VEGAS and we are about SERVICE and good food . We got neither . It was a great disappointment  to us and our guests .   There are way too many good dining venues to have to subject ourselves to Kabuki .... Please , Please dont waste your money .
1	Itbwas NOT worth $80 for lunch. The fish wasn't fresh like we were promised and the rolls were cold and hard. It took them 10 minutes every time for me to get my refills and the servers had NO knowledge of any rolls or sauces that they had. I would not be going there again.
2	I went here a couple of weeks ago, it is brand new and clean. We love the one in town square so i was happy one was opening by my house. Dinner was pretty good for them just opening a week before but i still feel the prices do not match what you get. The worse part was the food poisoning or bug that me & the bf had TWO weeks after this meal. I though the fish tasted extremely fishy and should have sent it back.. But overall, good service & nice location. Never eating here again tho.
5	I have eaten here two times because they have the breaded seafood dish that I have been looking all over Vegas for! This has breaded fish, shrimp, and scallops with a side of tarter sauce. It sounds simple but I was only able to find this in San Diego until now. I would suggest eating them as soon as they come over because if you wait the water or juices from the garnish will make it soggy. I also love the short rib appetizer because they are tender and they give you a good sized serving.The Sangria at Kabuki is not to be missed. It has a mild fruity taste to it. If you want to drink a lot you would be better off buying the carafe.
4	mmm what can i say! The food was great! And it always helps when the staff is ultra friendly and for the waitress we had she gave us her best picks on the menu that were her fav and she was so right. The organic tofu was really awesome along with the udon noodles and the soft shell crab. I cant recall which sushi roll we had but that by far was def awesome. The price is a decent for being located in Tivoli village. The restaurant has high ceilings with really nice wall art and the table placement gives everyone ample room to move around and what not unlike some restaurants you can barley move out of your seat without hitting the person behind you.
5	i went to the soft opening as a yelp event.  i loved it that night and every other night i been.  I brought my bf to try it out and loved it.  we love sushi and now we have a sushi spot nearby.  the kabuki platter is bomb! i'd love to try one of those boat things. The last times we've been was Happy hour and we order everything off that menu.  and we get stuffed from that! not bad at all!
4	This is definitely more of the ABC Japanese fare as it is a chain but I have to say that I was pleased with all of the food.I really enjoyed the garlic edamame which was salty, garlicky, and had some nice red peppers to give it the extra kick.  The sesame chicken was a hit among our  friends.  It was perfectly seasoned and fried.  Unlike most sesame chicken which is tossed in sauce, it's served dry with a dipping sauce.  With a party of 12, we pretty much ordered everything.  From the sashimi combination platters to the koshou beef, soba, unagi rolls, everything was really good.You're not going to get Monta quality noodles, or Kabuto expertise in regards to sushi, but this place is great for big parties and it's a safe introduction for anyone who's not experienced in eating Japanese.The food was really good and the location in the Tivoli Village was really nice.
4	Happy Hour here is awesome. They have a great menu and the sushi is fresh and delicious. It is a huge restaurant and you can bring your own Sake for a small corking fee. The only downfall is the service, it SUCKS!! Been here many times and the service is always the same.
4	Gave Kabuki happy hour a whirl on a Monday afternoon.  We were very pleasantly surprised. The staff was all very attractive and very nice.  The happy hour options are great!  Loads of choices.  The sake sangria and lychee martini were quite tasty but will sneak up on you! Yikes!   It is very nice that the happy hour menu is offered in the entire restaurant.  You don't have to worry about cramming into a tiny bar or lounge space.  We were seated at a nice table just like any other diner.  Kabuki is very nice inside and the food presentation was flawless.  Just about everything we ordered was a win!   The only miss I recall was the tofu appetizer.  Bland and boring.  The fried mozzarella wrapped in seaweed were clever and tasty!I'll definitely return and you should go check it out!
5	My wife wanted to go to a shop at Tivoli so we decided to have a late lunch while we were there.  It was a stormy, windy Monday afternoon and the center was practically empty.  Our sales girl recommended Kabuki if we like Japanese.  My wife loves it so I thought, OK I'll go along.At 2:30pm on this stormy day the place was almost empty.  We were greeted as if we were long time guests and our young server was very charming and attentive. My wife had the sake sampler and I had a Mai tai which was just the hit of sweetness I was looking for. We also had waters, which must be filtered as the water tasted fine. We started with the Edamame which was very tasty.  I ordered the Kabuki Lunch Special and my wife the Takoso sliced octopus appetizer and the Sashimi Salad.Everything arrived promptly looked and tasted great.  My wife could not stop raving about the amount of fish in her salad and what a great deal it was. I loved every one of the options on my Kabuki Lunch special.We finished by splitting a pot of coffee and the battered deep fried green tea ice cream.  Coffee tasted great, my wife loved the ice cream, but myself... not so much.All in all a great meal and a very pleasant dining experience at very reasonable pricing.
3	We went to Kabuki for a party- it's definitely a good restaurant for groups. From the moment we walked in the door, the service was friendly & above average. Our waitress marched to the beat of her own drum but she made us lol several times & was more than capable of accommodating all of our requests, etc. The funniest part was that she asked if there was a b'day, because there were gifts- we told her it was a going away party for one of our friends & asked if there was anything special they could do. We died when, after dinner, they brought out vanilla ice cream with "happy b'day (& a heart)" written in chocolate syrup & about 6 of them sang in Japanese (with some sort of jingly accoutrements). To the food!... We ordered the standard edamame & also the garlic one. Both were very good in their own rights. The garlic one smells very very garlicky when it 1st comes out so we were somewhat apprehensive but it was delish. We all enjoyed the miso soup (even those who aren't "soup people"). We ordered a plate of the sesame chicken for the table to share- it was ok, it would have been better if it was white meat. I'm a salt kinda girl but it was walking a thin line of being too salty. The sesame ginger dipping sauce didn't help so we got a side of their self-proclaimed famous teriyaki sauce (dying for a sweeter balance!). Surprisingly, it wasn't that sweet- when it was all said & done, I opted to dip in soy sauce. It just seemed like alot of work for an appetizery dish! We ordered several sushi rolls- all of which were well received by our taste buds & tummies. There was also an order of the chicken teriyaki & an order of the beef one (to please the meat-&-potatoes guys). They were not skimpy on the meat &, at one point, I made the oxymoron declaration that I'd "never heard them so quiet!", as they munched away. In addition to the happy b'day ice cream, we ordered one of their chocolate squares to divvy up (it's scored so it was easy to share). It was unusual, it was scrumptious. In fact, I'd go back just for the dessert menu- there are a few other items I'd like to try! Was I blown away? No. But, based on location, ambiance, service & the overall pleasant experience, I'd be happy to go there again.
4	Loved my meal here (lunch).  Had the chicken terriyaki w/Shrimp Tempura and California roll lunch special.  Food very tasty and service was excellent.  Loved the decor inside the place.  Not your typical Japanese restaurant look.  Would highly recommend.  Other family members dishes were equally as good (my kid loved the Tongkatsu).
4	This is my go to sushi place.  Note: you can't compare Kabuki to Nobu.  Nobu is... Nobu.  Kabuki, It is standard and it doesn't disappoint.  I'm over AYCES.  You can't beat the location: Tivoli is beautiful.  They have a nice outdoor patio.  Although the interior is beautiful... I'm sure they spent big $$$ on it.  If I am alone, my typical order: spicy tuna roll and sashimi salad.  If I'm with hubby, he orders the sashimi salad (diabetic) and I'll get the baked scallop roll & the sun kissed roll.  Free edamame... kinda too salty.  We bath ours in green tea before nibbling the edamame.   Last comment: great service. Attentive and courteous.
4	I have mixed feelings about Kabuki, but will be generous and round up my 3.5* review to a 4* because of an event they recently threw.Last week they had a sake tasting party, which also happened to have a limited AYCE buffet of fresh sushi and a few beers.  Total cost for this event?  $25 flat.  That's better than a lot of the AYCE restaurants around town.  Granted, there were only a few different types of nigiri & rolls out, but the event was more about the sake.  I got to taste lots of (I assume) pricey sake, and a few typical Japanese beers.  The whole event was well run (if under-publicized) , and an amazing value.As for the restaurant itself, I really can't review it.  From what I can tell, it looks like a "normal" sushi restaurant that is a bit overpriced.  I'd prefer to go to my hole in the wall AYCE sushi place around the corner for $21.95 than order from a menu and probably spend more.
5	My family decided japanese sounded like a good idea and took a trip down to Tivoli Village. There food was delicious, and th price made me look twice. I had expected quality japanese food in Tivoli village to be throught the roof, but many of hte plates were sitting at about $8.95!I had a quail egg shooter just for fun, which was...well...fun. There Ginger dressing on my salad was some of the best ive ever had, and the server even sent me home with some extra! My main course was the spicy ramen, which pretty much stuffed me. I dont recall the desserts due to being stuffed out of my mind, but it was all great. Price, quality, service, all five stars!
5	fun place to go for happy hour. Sevice is great. The Saki is good and thet have several specials all at excellent prices. located in Tivoli  which is a gorgeous shopping center the have a early and late happy hour
3	Good sushi. However, nothing special than any other sushi place.
2	The atmosphere and the bartender were excellent, however the food itself left much to be desired.  A group of myself and 2 friends pulled up to the bar to enjoy their happy hour on a Wednesday afternoon.  Service was prompt and pleasant.  We all took advantage of  the $2 Sapporos.  As soon as the food arrived, our enthusiasm dwindled upon popping the lackluster morsels.  We sampled the calamari, spicy tuna roll, alaskan roll, and the rose roll.  Thinking that some extra sauce could improve the taste, we requested some spicy mayo and eel sauce on the side to no success.  Even the sauces missed the mark.  The fish wasn't overly fresh, just ok.  I wanted to like Kabuki, but unfortunately I can't say that I would consider any further visits.
5	Tasty, good for a quick lunch.Free edamame!
5	"Irasshaimase!"Been to the one in Town Square, and I like them both equally.I love visiting with my hubby because I get to choose what were eating and he has no objection!One day I'm gonna slip in some weird stuff, lolWe had the gyoza, lotus roll, and spicy tuna roll. and cold green tea. No sake this time.Prices are not bad, all that was enough to fill us up.I can't wait to return for happy hour!Also, i really want to try the miso soup and green tea mochi. I know they are basically the same at all places, but I still love!!DOMO ARIGATO!!
1	Too bad. I really wanted to try this place because I heard they had a great happy hour.I understand places get busy but when you don't acknowledge your customers after they've sat down for at least 5-10 minutes, you don't deserve my patronage. The place is not that big so I know the server that was assigned to my table had to have passed me at least a few times.I waited 5 minutes. Then another 5. Not even a drink order or a napkin down. Not cool.
2	Went to Kabuki on Saturday night. We made reservations for 7 PM, but it was oddly not necessary, the place was relatively empty. Our server was polite for the most part, but as service started to crumble, she avoided checking in on us.  My husband and I first order wine.  The regular menu has average wines found at your local CVS, and then a few "special" wines, which are of better quality, but not deserving of the average $12/glass. We ordered an appetizer Beef with Sishito Peppers, which was only $4.95 but was too meager (like 2 bites each) and NOT reflective of the quanitty in the picture on the menu.  Not cool to gyp your customers like that. My husband ordered Philly Hand roll, smoked salmon Philly roll, and a crunch roll.  I ordered a just sashimi salad requesting the dressing on the side. Well all of my husband's order came out and the waitress told me the kitchen made my salad with the dressing and that it was being remade and it will be out shortly.  I was kind and said, "No Problem", quietly assuming it would only take just a few minutes ...I mean how long does it take a handful of lettuce and plop a hand full of cubed up fish, anyway?  Well even after my husband politely waited 5 minutes before I told him to start eating (I don't eat rice, so we don't share), he finished his entire meal and ordered some gyoza, which came out before my sashimi salad!  So our meal was not a shared "awesome" dinner experience, and was dampened as it was sorely extended by he eating his meal in front of me and for he to wait for me to finish m meal.  Obviously the waitress avoided asking how the meal was going, because she knew it was not going well. Nice one, Kabuki!Not going back, although all dishes tasted "fine".  I need more than "fine" to bring me back.
4	Had a great time here with a few other yelpers. The staff are super nice specifically the bartender/waiter who i think was named James. It's been too long.From what little we ordered the slices of fish were fresh and quality cuts with no hit of being anything other then the finest. The Garlic Edamame was absolutely amazing as well as nice and garlicy. Cocktails and Saketinis were nice and flavorful and pack a nice punch. See this people? This is why you should procrastinate on writing reviews. Because you absolutely forget all the selling points that made you enjoy the experience.I had the Spicy Ramen which was made aware to me by our bartender that it's nothing more then over-glorified instant. My other option was a combo plate but that was just way too much food and double the price so i grabbed the ramen. Cant really compare it to any of the ramen shops because you have one that comes out of a bag against one that takes hours of boiling down bones then adding other magical mystical animals to give it the flavor you want.What came out was a nice sized bowl of hot soup with chewy noodles and a lot of bean sprouts. Again it doesnt compare to any dedicated ramen shops but was good enough.I'd give this place another shot if i was in the area but there's just so many other places to choose from.
5	Hands down my favorite Japanese restaurant in the world! Been hooked since we entered the Hollywood branch several years ago and we've been going back every chance we get. The Love Boat, Lobster Dynamite, & Seafood Hibachi are just some of our favorites. I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves Japanese food.
2	This is a very nice-looking classy restarant. However the sushi wasn't all that great. Ordered 3 "basic" rolls... eel roll, yellowtail roll, and spicy tuna roll. The eel roll was just ok but the spicy tuna and yellowtail were way, way, WAY overminced. The rolls were not rolled very tight either or maybe it was because the roll had no structure due to the overminced fish. They kinda fell apart when you picked one up. The overminced fish was like eating sushi roll baby food. Not a fan. Service very nice but won't be back next time I'm in town. Baby food sushi rolls are not my cup of tea.
4	Pros:-Brown rice substitute on everything -Wide variety of menu items-Large selection of speciality rolls-Food portions are generous -Great decor, chill atmosphere-Children friendly, high chair available-Clean restrooms-Accommodating to our large groupCons:-Brown rice was a bit hard-Dessert took longer to come out than our actual entrees/rolls-Green tea mochi portion seemed very smallOverall, very good experience. Would come back!
2	The food was decent, but the service was awful. There were easily 8 servers on the floor, and I could not get anyone to stop long enough to refill my drink.
5	I came here during my birthday month because when you sign up for their email newsletter they give you a $15.00 coupon to use for your birthday! It was perfect because my breaded seafood dish costs $15.95. My brother and husband who don't really eat Japanese food ordered their usual house salad (very good) $4.95  , chicken fingers $6.95 , and Chicken Tokyo Qesadilla $5.95. We always sit in the bar area because the service is always excellent and you don't have to wait for a table!
4	Let's start off w/ $2 sapporo - can't be beat.Decor - nice modern simpleSuch a great all around surprise.  After the many FAILURES of Tivoli Village, I was surprised and relieved as to how much I enjoyed Kabuki.  The only thing was that it was very slow service.  Our food and drinks took forever.  But great service nonetheless.  ATTENTION All Restaurant Managers take note: Sung (whom I presumed to be the manager as he was the only one in a tie and dress shirt) is the best manager I have seen in the city.  He supports his staff.  He was on the floor the entire night bussing tables, taking drink orders, running food, running checks.  He, unlike most of the awful management here in Las Vegas was not above doing those things.  He looked like he had control of the restaurant, for he was not frantic, but very present.Nahee, our server was very good.  She had a huge section, yet she kept her cool, spoke intelligently about the menu items.Food was phenomenal.  Lovvvved the super rich, calorie ridden Alaskan roll.  Great fish - very fresh, with so much flavor.  Salmon skin, was a much simpler alternative which I enjoyed just as much.  Tempura was great.  Not as battered and heavy as I've had in other Japanese restaurants.  Just wish there was sweet potato in our mixed tempura.  Peach sakitini was pretty good, however I normally like stronger drinks.  Still, it was worth my curiosity.  Dessert - Opera Cake.  Very different the typical mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream every other Japanese restaurant has.  Such a delicate taste.  Great ending to an absolutely wonderful experience!
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Kabuki yet!  This is one of my favorite happy hour spots.  They would get five stars if it ended at 7 instead of 6.  I've also had dinner here and take out.  Service is always friendly and attentive.  Some of my favorites are the Tebaski Karaage, Goldrush, Vegas and Aladdin rolls, tempura ice cream.  For drinks the Tokyo Mojito and the Sake Sangria.  Another plus is that happy hour is available anywhere in the restaurant.  I really haven't had anything here I didn't enjoy.
4	Pretty good. My opinion on Kabuki is much like with Hachi over at Red Rock Station. Somewhat Americanized Japanese food but still tastes delicious. The lunch set items were pretty big. It comes with soup, salad, and mixed tempura depending on which lunch combo you order, and then the main entree. When I came in there with my family we brought a coupon with us that states "buy one lunch combo and get a complimentary one." By the time we paid, the waitress forgot about the coupon but she fixed it by making TWO of the lunches complimentary. We all thought that was very nice. We also got two appetizers. The crowd favorite was their calamari. The two sauces that comes with it are very addicting. One is somewhat spicy and the other is pretty sweet. I'll probably come back just for their calamari haha. The venue is located at Tivoli Village which is kind of a hassle for me. I don't think Tivoli's location is as convenient as, say, Boca Park or even the one at Town Square. Overall, my family and I had a good experience and if not for the location we probably would frequent Kabuki more often.
2	Overpriced... The rolls kept falling apart and the flavor was not there. The albacore did not taste as fresh as I would've hoped. Definitely had better sushi. Probably wouldn't go back.
4	Happy Hour!! Love the Beer, Rolls, and prices! A very tasty spot. Always busy on the weekends, so I'm a fan of the Mon-Thurs scene. Speedy and Responsive staff. Great food. Im so stoked to have a fav sushi spot near home = awesome!
4	Happy Hour! Reverse Happy Hour! Can't beat it. Rolls are very big. Good fish quality. Had other stuff on their regular menu which is good as well.Nice decor and atmosphere.
4	I only come here for happy hour. I don't think their regular menu is that impressive nor would I pay the full price. I've only been to this location a couple times. Tivoli Village is so pretty.. I hope business picks up for them. The best place to park is in the underground garage and keep going far back towards Rampart... so when you get off the elevator you're right by Kabuki~!!!  Some of my must haves:--Spicy Tuna Salad: comes on a bed of shredded cucumbers, daikon and gobo.. mmm light and refreshing.--Fire Cracker: Spicy tuna with cilantro & onions served with fried wonton crackers!--Calamari: It's deep fried! Of course it's good!--Philly roll with no cream cheese: The cut of salmon is big.. yummm --Green Tea Tempura Ice Cream: Not on HH but worth the $  --Love the complimentary edamameThe service has always been really nice and fast. If you're looking for an authentic Japanese restaurant.. don't come here. It's Korean owned and very "Americanized..."HOT TIP: Don't forget to sign up for their rewards program.. It's free and you get a gift certificate on your birthday ;]]]
2	Stopped in for dinner with family from out of town. It was our second visit. Both times the food was great. Fair pricing and perfect portions. This time around though, the service left me a bit disappointed. They sat us in the corner amid unkept tables. We had to ask for enough plates and napkins for the party. We shared everything but had to explain that as the food was auctioned off at the table at each visit. The server checked in a few times but empty plates were never cleared and we were still sitting amongst our dirty dishes when the check was both first dropped and returned after our charge was run. Ill keep it on my list of places to go for good food, but I'm not sure we will return with family or friends to impress.
4	Kabuki solved the following problems...1)  Our friends are a retired couple on a fixed income, always looking for the most bang for  the buck.2)  Hubby hates to waste time eating.  (His words, not mine).3)  I have nearly impossible dietary restrictions.  We went for Lunch with friends Liz & John to celebrate hubby's new gig.  Liz & John both got the "Ninja Deluxe", which they have gotten in the past & they agreed it was excellant as always.  We have found Kabuki to be CONSISTENT!!   Jim (hubby) got the Lunch sized  "BBQ Beef" & the Lunch sized "Chicken Teriyaki" with "Brown Rice" & "Salad". Hubby doesn't much like to eat, (he considers it a waste of time & has often said "I wish I could run on batteries" since eating takes him away from more interesting activities).  To my utter amazement, I heard Jim say "Yum"!!  If you knew my husband you would know how earth shattering this is!!   Now on the hard part"...feeding me.  The reason?...I became a Vegetarian in 2001 & don't eat meat or seafood.  I have found Asian restaurants to be a HAVEN for Vegetarians like me.  HOWEVER, now I can't have anything made with Milk, due to chemotheraphy induced neuropathy in my hands and feet.  KABUKI to the rescue...they have FRESH FRUIT for Desert...so no whining about not being able to eat the green tea ice cream!!  As if this is NOT ENOUGH...as a result of complications from my cancer surgery, I can't have anything with Gluten in it.  SOLUTION:  Kabuki has Gluten Free Soy Sauce...be still my heart!!So I ordered the follwing:1)  "Fried Tofu", ALWAYS DELISH, the breading is made with Rice Flour, so no Gluten issues here!2)  "Avocado Roll", (I requested it made with Brown Rice).BONUS:  "Edamame" (one of my all time FAVES) is included...this dish was fresher than fresh and AWESOME!!3)  "Mushroom Miso Soup", their Miso Soup is ALWAYS superb...but the addition of Enoki & Shaitake Mushrooms made it DEVINE!!   My Oncologist told me I should eat Miso Soup & so this was both tasty AND healthy!!BONUS:  Brown Rice is an option at no additional cost AND you can order it on ANY Roll!!We have always had good service & the Tivoli Village location is just BEAUTIFUL!The ONLY reason I didn't give it 5 stars is they brought most of my food about 15 minutes BEFORE everyone elses.  I guess they did this because I ordered an Appetizer & a Soup, my Roll came with everyone else's food.  I suppose I could have told them this was my Meal & not to be served before everyone else's food, but they could have asked when I did not order an Entree...jus' sayin'.  All things considered...I will go back AGAIN & AGAIN!!
4	Love their happy hour. They have a diverse selection on their happy hour menu, and many items without rice as I tend to avoid it. I have never had anything bad there. Their spicy tuna salad is my favorite. My only complaint the snotty Summerlin crowd that tends to frequent that place, and the old men who save seats at the bar with no guests to ever appear.
2	I am not a big fan of sushi. There food is okay here I will only go if my friends are going but the service is so so bad. If it weren't for my friends I would never go there again.
3	As I have said before I like to eat at many different sushi restaurants. I try a different sushi restaurant almost every month. I ate at Kabuki last month and overall came away with a decent experience.  As far as prices go it was average for a sushi restaurant, with the final tab being around 50 to 60 dollars. Which is pretty much the norm for two people.We tried the shishitto (probably spelled wrong) peppers and crispy tuna for an appetizer. They were both pretty good. And then we tried 3 different sushi rolls for an entree. The sushi, while fresh, wasn't incredibly inventive as far as plating, ingredients and sauces.  So as I said, it was good, just not memorable.The young lady who seved us was very pleasant, and somewhat knowledgeable of the menu. She checked on us periodically, but she did forget to bring us a bowl of ponzu sauce which we requested to eat with our sushi rolls. Other than that she did a very good job.I don't know if I would visit Kabuki again. Not that it was bad, there's just many sushi places like this out there.
3	Service 4/5 - Lets start with the service. The service was decent. They checked on us on regular intervals. They were very polite and they asked to refill our drinks regularly.Food 2/5 - I had ordered a tamago nigiri, beef carpaccio, one of their rolls, and stole some tempura off of a friend's boat. The rice on the roll felt underwhelming. The texture, and temperature of the rice didn't give me the impression of good craftsmanship. The flavor of the rice was okay. That being said, the sushi was okay. The beef carpaccio tasted pretty good. The texture didn't give me the impression of carpaccio though. Overall the food was okay for the price.Drinks 5/5 - of the Drinks I wanted, the nigori sounded good and the calpico sounded fun, so I had both. Should have made it for happy hour because it seemed like it would have encouraged me to drink more. The drinks came chilled and they had a nice way of topping off my meal. Kudos to alcohol lol.
2	The rolls were great but the service was just ok. There are a lot of japanese restaurants in town to compete with and I will not be returning.
3	Been there three times, one time was really good, one time was so-so and one was BLEH.
2	First of all I have to say that I love Kabuki - the Town Square location anyway. Kabuki always has had a great atmosphere and design in their restaurants and the food is definetly good. I usually try to make a trip out to eat at Kabuki at least once a month. The kids were visiting for summer vacation and we just came from watching a movie at the Suncoast when I suggested we try out the location at Tivoli Village since we always enjoy our experience at Town Square. That was a mistake! We came during the week in the afternoon and the surrounding area was like a ghost town, like I was waiting for a horde of zombies to come running around the corner at any moment. Anyway, we got to the restaurant and it was just as nice as the other location. Besides the decor and the food thats where the comparisons ended.Although a lot less busy, there was no one to greet us at the front. We waited for a good 5-10 mins before someone in the back finally noticed and came to greet us, even though there was a bartender and servers that saw us and never mentioned to anyone that we were standing there. We were sat right away.I proceed to order my usual delicious appetizer, the Firecraker, and I decided to go with something else besides my usual Samurai combo, so I went with some ramen, which was good nothing I would order again. The main entrees came out in a resonable amount of time and everything was prepared great as it always is, however they never brought out the appetizer. I asked the guy who brought out our food about it and he said it was coming right up. It finally showed up when we were halfway done with our entrees and when our server finally came around to check on us I mentioned it to her and she apologized but after that she never returned to check on us. The least they could have done would have been to give the kids a free refill of their "special" soda for the minor inconvenience, but that would have been a long shot since no one ever even refilled our regular drinks. Overall not a good experience, customer service and attentiveness was just not there. Not sure what was going on that day but I felt like there should have been the owner hidden away in another room watching their staff on hidden cameras like that show on tv so they could see what kind of bad service their employees were providing that day. I will never visit this location again. In fact we went to the Town Square location a few days later and received the same excellent food and service I have come to expect from Kabuki!
4	awesome happy hour! 1.95 beers, cheap sake bombs, baked mussels are my fave
3	The sashimi portions were large, but not as fresh as I would expect, especially being for a local place (not near the strip).I rated it a three because it wasn't busy at all and the service was slow.
3	Happy hour prices were good.  We ordered an assortment of appetizers and couldn't finish everything.  The mushroom miso soup was delicious.  We had edamame, sushi, sesame chicken, dynamite, tempura.  It was all good--not incredibly special, but definitely a good value.
4	Good location for date night and they offer a vegetarian menu. The service was very slow at best but worth it for the food. Ordered the fried tofu rolls which was pretty good, sauce was awesome. Would go back if in the area
4	Really good food and amazing service. Loving the iced green tea
4	Good casual place especially if u are eating with sushi and non sushi fans. Fish is fresh, not many complaints for this place especially considering its a chain. They have  a good happy hour. I'm definitely a regular.
1	I been to town square kabuki long time ago it was ok, so my friend wanna try new one which is rampart  it was terrible . Fish are ok but rice is just plain .... I been so many Japanese restaurant but the sushi rice was so bad. And service ...... Our sever tooks so long time to take our dinner order, I don't know why coz the place was not too busy when I went there.Service was bad food was just okay I'm not gonna go back....
3	They ended up comping my meal. That being said. Almost 10 minutes from the time I was seated until I ordered. Almost 30 minutes until lunch box appeared which was almost 5 minutes after I told them I had to leave because after all, lunch breaks are only so long. Pity too, because the food looked really good. They offered to do to go, but tempura shrimp and vegis have a short shelf life. The Ebi and Unagi were great as usual. I'm going to have rethink this as a lunch destination if I don't have 2 hours to commit.Today was indeed a disappointment, but overall I like this place, so it remains a 3.BTW, my pick is of their lunch box, so maybe that is praise enough?
4	Our favorite sushi restaurant here in Las Vegas.  Good service.  Good food.  Reasonable prices.
4	Great midday lunch. Nice atmosphere, great food, large menu selection.
5	My friends and I go to Happy hour a few times a week. The service is fabulous and the sushi is some of the best I've ever had. You can't beat the prices either. Being located in Tivoli is a bonus. Gorgeous location. I have recommend Kabuki to anyone I know who loves sushi and we all agree its delicious.
5	Absolutely top notch! Friday night great service, great food, great atmosphere! Great price! Our server Spencer was awesome. We could not leave until we ate everything. Sushi was wonderful as was everything else we were served. WILL be back again.
4	A four-star rating to me is always one that says, "It didn't blow my mind, but I did have more than just a good experience!"My party was seated immediately on a beautiful Sunday afternoon spent at Tivoli Village. The following was ordered: Salmon Teriyaki with brown rice, a Rainbow Roll, some Miso soup, an Eel and Avocado Roll, and an Apple Crumble Tartlet. Everything was great! The food also came much earlier than I had expected. Who wouldn't love that?Our server, Spencer, was both very helpful and friendly! I'd also like to note that when he suggested a certain item from the menu, it was never too presumptuous. We left him a nice note (something I liked to do when I enjoy the service) and a generous tip for being an ideal server. Spencer even went out of his way to thank us! It was a great first experience for my friends who had never been to Tivoli. Kabuki is a must! It's a happy medium for both sushi and non-sushi fans!
4	Kabuki is great. When I am traveling between Vegas and Cali, I love to stop at a Kabuki's for sushi. I get the same quality of service not matter which location I go to. I am a big fan
4	Went to Kabuki for lunch today in Tivoli village, I was seated immediately ans was waited on very quickly. I ordered the Salmon teriyaki with brown rice and a order of the garlic edamame. The salmon was a little over cooked but still good but the garlic edamame was so good that I would definitely go back just for that. I feel the price is a little high but it is Tivilo village.
5	I come here with my friends at least monthly for Happy Hour.  The service is great, the restaurant is clean, and the Dynamite Roll is mind blowing!  It is not on the Happy hour menu but it is incredible!!
3	Good not great. Solid.  Chirashi was good.  Edamame was good but could have given more. Would go again but not go out of my way
1	ridiculous! I will maybe never know how good or not Kabuki is.  First attempt to visit, arrived at 9:44.  The bartender was cleaning the floor and lookd up and told us she 'would be right with us' upon which time she walked away from the bar.  A few minutes later a man in a white hat/clothes came behind the bar and let us know that since 'they close at 10, they had already called last call'.  He left with little more to say and we were left stunned, hungry and way less than impressed with our first and probably last attempt to Kabuki.
1	I was with shana w for this disaster of a visit. How can any place tell you to go away when they are still open? It wasnt like we were going to have a full dinner....just wanted a drink and maybe some soup. Mind you there were at least 4 other people at the bar we were so rudely dealt with. I cant imagine how a corporate restaurant could possibly have this policy.
5	Amazing experience. My mom and I received a 2 for 1 coupon in the mail and we went there open minded. As soon as we walked in we were properly welcomed and guided to the sushi bar. Quick review: Staff was quick, manager stopped by said hello asked us how we liked it, redeeming our coupon not a problem, food was excellent. Ill be honest my mom was a bit down and the overall experience brought a smile back to her face! 5 star highly recommend it.
2	Came here for my 6 year old's birthday with the extended family; it was a busy night for them, and I felt quite bad for the wait staff. In the beginning part of the meal, they did a pretty good job with the service and the food was actually 4 star (tuna poke was a particular standout).Then things got progressively uglier. Despite the restaurant slowing down, our waiter pretty much disappeared. Whenever he would come by, we asked him to bring out my daughter's birthday cake with candles that we had brought to celebrate. He told us at least twice that it was on its way...then 30 minutes went by. Both my kids are melting down, my 6 year old is crying on her birthday, the grandparents are falling asleep and I couldn't even find the waiter.He finally reappeared and I asked him for the cake back and the check cause we had to go. Another 10 minutes and the cake and the check appear...with a mandatory 18% gratuity added on.No apologies from the waiter, just our own cake back, a sad little girl, and a pretty much ruined evening.So we walk out, then I realize that they didn't give us our candles back and we still needed to light them at home! Final straw, daddy really mad now. Marched back in and spoke to the manager who was very accommodating, removed the tip and found my candles (likely fished out of the garbage). The moral: great food, they try hard, they just happened to wreck a particular little girl's birthday dinner (for what that's worth).Luckily, we washed the candles and had a great time at home!
5	Great Happy Hour! Food is consistently good and the beer is cold. Eriko the Manager always greets you with a smile. We sit at the bar for the best service.
1	Yellowtail sashimi is my favorite and I order it at every sushi place I enter.  Kabuki served the worst plate of yellowtail sashimi I have ever put in my mouth.  I don't know if the TOMATO they served on the plate with it changed the flavor or what?  It was really bad.  I actually sent it back.  I had a Lotus on Fire Roll that I would rate 2/5 My cousin had miso soup, salad, and a dangerous cup of tea--so hot she couldn't hold the cup with out burning her hands let alone take a sip. I always sit at the sushi bar when I eat sushi but I was with my cousin who doesn't eat sushi and we wanted a table so we could chat.  Otherwise, I would always sit at the sushi bar.  There were only a few tables during what seemed like a quiet and slow lunch hour.  The service was terrible.  I had to look for the waitress to get a refill.  When she dropped off the food she never came back.  Since I hated the sashimi I was watching for her so I could send it back.  After sending it back she still put it on the bill.  What a terrible experience and awful service.Save your time and money.  Go somewhere else.
5	Probably the best happy hour in town -  I always enjoy this place. Service quality and prices are amazing. The only place in town to get a quality draft beer without getting ripped off. Great! Plus, you can always find parking close by.
5	Favorite sushi in Vegas. The Firecracker is superb. Come in for the late happy hour and get a pitcher of Sapporo with your sushi. Makes for a perfect meal.  I find the sushi here slightly better than the Town Square location.
4	Excellent service. The food was ok fr me. Order the mussels appetizer& chicken wings. We accidentally spilled some drinks & they were all collectively attentive/ replacing everything rt away.The salmon tasted fresh but the deluxe tray that we got was just ok. They had an awesome kids selection too, this is not common for japanese restaurants. The servers were great but the hosts up front seemed like the both didnt wan2 be there. Came fr the valentines dinner thing & they were packed.. As xpected. The prices were awesome! Would have paid double elsewhere. I will come back again fr sure!
5	Love it here amazing service, beautiful restaurant, perfect for a date or a casual night out with friends or family. Fav dish is crispy rice spicy tuna! But never had a bad dish come out! Highly recommend
4	The service was excellent; very attentive without being annoying. Selection of food was incredible with a fair price point, especially for Japanese food. We were impressed and will definitely be back!
4	Good casual place especially if u are eating with sushi and non sushi fans. Fish is fresh, not many complaints for this place especially considering its a chain. They have  a good happy hour. I'm definitely a regular.
5	Great place to fill my teriyaki and sushi cravings and super close to home. Bento box lunch specials are the best deal and only ranges from $9-$13. Oh, and get the pyramid rolls!
3	I like to get the Kabuki Deluxe for lunch occasionally; not impressed with their sushi.
3	This is the perfect Japanese restaurant to go to if you need something relatively quick and consistent.  My husband and I have been to the Kabuki franchise here as well as in Los Angeles multiple times...the staff is almost always friendly and the food good (but not great).  I love the spicy tuna on crispy rice and my husband loves the bbq beef ribs with shrimp and vegetable tempura.  Those are must haves!!We will probably eat here once a month because its very close to our home and its a place we know we can rely on.  Kabuki is a steady eddie but there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.
4	Have been eating at Kabuki since they opened in Tivoli Village. My boyfriend and I always sit at the bar, and even when the bartender is swamped, she always makes sure to check on us and see if everything is OK.Love the small tapas style appetizers and that we can get a pitcher of Sapporo and hot sake for cheap.
1	I had the Lotus Roll and the Veggie Ramen. The veggie ramen was ok. The lotus roll tasted like it has gone bad and they just dumped some fried crab on top. I couldn't get though one bite of it. I ordered the coffee but it tasted stale and actually dirty...as if it was brewed in a really dirty coffee machine and was let to sit for hours before somebody ordered some. I don't know how to use chop sticks yet so I asked for the cheat sticks twice. Then I asked for a fork because our waitress seemed to have such a difficult time remembering.. So after all of our food was delivered and my friend had finished his soup and salad, I still didn't have utensils to eat with... Then, she brought me my soup and it was a split second from being spilled all over  me, instead of professionally putting it in front of me, she seemed to tilt the bowl in front of me instead. Of course, it wasn't on purpose but I seriously did not enjoy my time here. The service was slow, incompetent and the food was nowhere near the pricing point value. $70 ill-spent. Won't be coming back.
4	Been here twice.  Friendly service and very good sushi and prices.  Most of the rolls are basic with a California roll base but venture off the traditional path and talk to the server and you will find very nice and flavorful meals.  The prices are - to me - shockingly low and both times I have walked out full bellied and not an empty wallet.I have had better sushi but for a stop with family or friends it is a great choice.I really loved the Albacore Crunch roll and the crispy spicy tuna appetizer was great.  All with a bottle of cold sake.
5	This is a chain, and I initially found it in California and then when I saw it here in Summerlin I knew I was in luck.  They have very good sushi, and although it is not part of the restaurant, my favorite thing about Tivoli Village is that while I am eating scrumptious sushi, the valet will clean my car for me inside and out. Anyways, back to Kabuki.Always good food here, elegant atmosphere.  I recommend the Hawaiian Roll and the Salmon Skin roll.  Both are great.
3	Garlic edamame is tasty! Also had the salmon lunch entree and that was cooked well with great flavors. The staff was a little on the lazy side when we were there maybe it being early and not so busy. They found time to stand around and talk instead of check on us, but otherwise the food was fresh and speedy.
1	Spicy udon pasta was too salty. I had to drink lots of water. Avocado & eel roll and rainbow roll were ok, nothing special. My server forgot our salad. Salad came out at last after we almost finish our main dishes. I don't want to recommend for this place. Find other sushi restaurants in town. There are lots of better Japanese places in Vegas. It was my first time and never again.
4	One of the best out here, always fresh and served promptly. Sit at either bar and feel like your in another part of the world for a little while. I like it.
5	I was pleasantly surprised how much food you get here for the cheap price! I got the Ninja Deluxe lunch special and everything on the dish was amazing! Great spot.
2	Ok so I was soo excited to go back to kabuki, since I loved their happy hour. But I was so disappointed. They had changed the happy hour menu and removed most of my favorite items. The service was good but definitely not worth going back. It was a major let down. We will be going some place else the next time we want sushi. Another favorite bites the dust.
1	Horrible service.  I inquired about the vegan options and was assured everything was vegan except they said that there could be cross contamination in the tofu because it is made from an outside vendor.  I told the waitress that did not make sense (ultimately she was throwing her vendor under the bus) and she just sent the manager over.  I talked to the manager and wanted the fried tofu for my daughters and she told me the oil is the same that fries the fish.  I asked for it to be pan fried and her response was 'usually we don't but I will this one time just make sure you never ask for it again.'  I was floored.  Then to top it off as all the food was getting delivered she told me 'by the way I cancelled your order'.  She did not offer to make me something else.  We walked out at that point.  Go to town square- a million times better.
5	I love the picture menu...everything looks delicious and tastes even better! On father's day we were Going to a different restaurant and they had a 2 hour wait so we thought we would try it and we loved it... the dynamite is a must have!
5	Wine tasting-Good menu-Great location-    I gotta say...   Im a fan.    Prices are what one would expect for the area and quality...    if not a surprising value.   I had the Beef Yaki...    Really sooo good.    I know I should try something else next time I go(and there will be a next time) but it was so good that just writing this makes me want to go back for more.
5	My wife and I love this place; close to home and located in the beautiful Tivoli Village. The food is always good and so is the service. They even have a rewards program which is a bonus. I believe the rewards are 25 dollars off, and free foods for birthdays and anniversary.
5	I really like this place! It's in Tivolo Village and very easy to find. I highly recommend the Happy Hour if you like basic rolls and don't want the cream cheese-avocado-fried crawfish-salmon roe-rainbow tuna bomb; Happy Hour takes a dollar or two off of rolls you would already eat, like spicy tuna and salmon. The calamari here is surprisingly good. Very tender and light.My friend got two of the cream cheese-avocado-fried crawfish-salmon roe-rainbow tuna bomb rolls of sorts, and they were both delicious and large portions. One thing they do not do here is skimp on the fish and ingredients inside a roll. I feel like you do get your money's worth.With every meal they bring out edamame for free. While I do ignore these large-and-by, other people really enjoy having them, so that's always a perk. My friends like the garlic edamame here, which you do have to pay for.I also came here for lunch once, and the Korean short rib lunch is really good. Reheats nicely for the next day and a good portion of food. Perfectly lightly sweet but not too sweet. Food here is simple but done well. Atmosphere is nice, and they are doing so well it looks like they are expanding to next door as well. I think it's a solid pick for a first date .
4	Had date lunch with my sister here!!!Located in Tivoli Village in Summerlin - Though we've been to Tivoli Village before - It was the first visit to Kabuki for us both.  Large open floor plan.  Bar Lounge to your left and more private tables and dining area to your right.  We came here for lunch and had Dumplings for starters and Martini's.  The Sake Coconut martini is quite tasty.  We also shared the Sashimi Moriawase sushi.  Very good.  Presentation very nice.  Sushi served on shaved ice.  It was perfect amount for two.Menu has array of different dishes to choose from.
4	Came here for a business lunch. Sushi was tasty and fresh, but it was nothing out of the norm for Vegas sushi places. It was definitely some place I would come back to though. Service was friendly but I did feel a little rushed by them. Ambience inside was clean and on the trendy side. The style kept with the feel of Tivoli Village. All in all, a nice experience.
5	This place is amazing, great food (big portions) and awesome service. Highly recommend this place.
1	This is my first time coming here and I will never be back. I am on a very restricted diet but love sushi. I ordered two rolls and asked for no rice. I have done this at other sushi restaurants with no issues but here they told me they can't do it and wouldn't even try. I know it is said a lot but I actually have been in the restaurant industry for over ten years and currently manage one so this service is unacceptable. I could go make it myself easily.
5	Apparently this is a chain restaurant but given my expectations...Staff were exceptionally friendly - the hostess, Bobby at the sushi bar, and my waiter.  Free sample of cold soup (don't know the name) and free edamame at the sushi bar was a nice surprise.  Sushi rolls were big, delicious and well presented.  A nice "reverse happy hour" at night made many items cheaper.  Waiter was very attentive and brought me new water every time I was finishing my current glass.  On the menu, most items had bright pictures so there would be no ambiguity about what you were ordering.  And they had a sake bar (which I'll have to check out another time).  I'll go back!
5	Everything about this place is AWESOME !!  It's very clean. The service is spot on and the food is amazing.  We go quite often and have never had anything less than a great experience.  Keep it up Kabuki !!
1	Wow was I surprised, I usually do not write reviews but felt the need to let fellow visitors now about this place. Food is decent, service however is horrendous. In fact they charged me twice for the same meal! I called and spoke with the manager and she told me that they do not have a record of the second transaction. I have a print out of my bank statement with the unauthorized second transaction and the still will not provide a refund. Not only will I not be going back and telling all my family, friends and coworkers not to go to this place ( and just to let Kabuki know I am a well know member of the very large medical/nursing society here in Las Vegas) but I will also have to get an attorney involved to get my money back, this is extremely poor customer server!
5	Love the food and the service.  Very original menu with lots of options aside from the typical sushi format.
3	Cute place. However wasn't terribly excited over their sushi. It was rather bland for the most part and just, ok.
1	Ok food. But the service sucks.
2	Bottom line....the mushy rice means 2 stars...done.  Owners, are you reading the reviews?  Mushy rice seems to be a popular critique.
4	I actually liked it lol it was my anniversary and we decided to try it one more time and... Thomas our server was great ;) food was good drinks were good and I even liked my dessert! Thanks for the great service and dinner yum
3	Better than average sushi w/nice selection in wonderful ambience.  Veggie food leaves a lot to be desired.  Nice salads, ramens and cooked Japanese dishes.  Friendly and efficient staff.
4	This is the sushi spot I go to when I'm craving sushi.. Which is almost 80% of the time. I usually opt for the bar because we don't have to wait to get seated and plus because the drinks are over there. Sushi here is great and staff are nice and friendly. My only complaint is that they don't have a lion king roll! Lion King roll is my absolute favorite roll. That was practically all I would ever get when I lived in California. But ever since I moved to Vegas, a lot of sushi places don't carry it. And when I asked them if they had a lion king roll the bartender told me they removed it from the menu. Super sad face! But other than that, sushi is good, service is good, and drinks are good!
4	Much better experience at this location than at the town square location. Kind of a long drive from Henderson so I have to contemplate our continuous sushi craving.. but very satisfied with the service and food. YUM kabuki
1	I've been here are couple of times. Food is good and service is kind of disorganized. There are so many tables and not enough staff. They aren't really attentive when you need the check. Also I stopped going after an incident in the bathroom. One of the waitresses came out of the stall while I was heading in and she didn't even wash her hands! Talk about disgusting. And yes, she used the bathroom, flushed the toilet, but did not wash her hands before leaving.... Never went back. It's been about 4 or 5 months since I've eating there.
5	Kabuki's gave us a night to be remembered. We started by ordering from the appetizers and we couldn't stop. We ended up getting getting oysters, the half roasted king crab the half shell broiled mussels, miso soup and the house salad. Everything was very delicious and fresh. The service was excellent and our server made sure our cups were always full. We will be going back again!
5	I give it five stars for the quality of the food especially the freshest sushi I've ever had and the excellent service each time I visit Las Vegas I will be sure to come back here!
4	Vibe is cool. Service is good. Food was good. Tokyo mule was refreshing. If it was included on the happy hour menu, I'd probably have two or three of them.
5	Coming here regularly is a nice treat if you have a kabuki card for points and enjoy going out for sushi etc. This is a great restaurant to go with someone who is new to Japanese cuisine since there is a wide menu selection from ramen dishes to the raw sashimi style. There snow crab sushi is very fresh as well as there fish in general. The texture is not slimy. I would say it has a nice standard for sushi compared to most "fusion" styles in Las Vegas. If you order a lot and require a lot to be full the price can be a bit pricey. Expect to pay over 100$ easily. You get what you pay for.
5	Kabuki is such a delicious restaurant. Not only is the food very tasty but the service is great!! I'm looking forward to eating their Mediterranean Sea Bass. Yumbo!!
3	Decent Japanese food. The menu has a lot of variety with even vegetarian options to satisfy a majority of people's food preferences. If you're a sushi connoisseur, stick with the other items on the menu. The salmon entree and the udon are solid meals that are tasty and filling.
4	Supposedly this restuarant is another transplant of a popular place from CA. And I can see why it's so popular :) The service was friendly and efficient. The space is clean and nice. The sushi/sashimi, while not the best I've ever had, is decent and fresh. They have a very extensive menu and some interesting options too. Rolls are tasty :)  Also, they gave us free birthday ice cream! Score!Oh, and you gotta get the garlic edamame!!!! It's addictingly delicious...
