4	Ladies if you love thrifting than you will love this place. A store dedicated to a classy thrifting experience just for women. I tend to forget about this place, but as I was driving down Scottsdale Rd the other day and noticed it I promised myself it was time to go back. As I arrived yesterday I was looking to find some nice and airy summer dresses, shoes, and accesories. It was very busy for 3 pm so I knew the bargains may be hard to find. Luckily to my surprise I found a Juicy dress for twenty dollars and a cute yellow sundress for only ten! I had no luck in the shoes or accesories, but the Juicy dress made my day. This place is all about luck which is why I don't think to go there very often. But before you shell out your money on something new why not see what you can find here?
4	Like any other place like this, you have to be lucky. I found a Vuitton bag, Coach shoes (in my size!!) for really inexpensive. I've been a few other times and didn't find anything (or found it to be too expensive). Seems like all the high-end things are on consignment, which means the price could be iffy (high or low). But I'm very pleased with my shoes and bag.
3	selection is minimal...they seem to have too much in the way of tiny Scottsdale sizes...You can find a great deal on a handbag or possibly designer denim but the rest just appears to be overpriced thrift store merchandise. The staff appears to be overworked and tired...too busy to take the time to help anyone
4	Wow, used clothes that don't smell like old people or fendi...where am i? Oh, My Sister's Closet, that's where. I didn't have much time to scour the racks when I was here the other day, but here are a few things I noticed:a. great organization. the rack groupings are neat and easy to explore. b. special section for designer itemsc. designer shoes in my size! oh mama! d. cute purses and other brand new looking accessoriesyeah, and i'm still thinking about the isaac mizrahi pumps i saw so i will probably go back.
1	Stay away from this business!  They are dishonest!  Do not drop your clothes off here, donate them to charity.  They can not account for items dropped off and then sold..Repeated attempts the resolve the problem have ended in frustration.  We will be reporting them to the BBB.  Do everyone a favor and go elsewhere!
4	This is the only consignment shop I visit.  It's conveniently located next to my favorite local Trader Joe's, so I tend to stop by when I'm on a grocery mission.It's a fun place to spend a lot of time browsing.  You really need to take your time there before finding something that works.  It's hit or miss with fashion finds, but I'm a fan overall.Among the coolest things I've scored: tweed pencil skirt, DKNY sweater and a massive Smokey Quartz cocktail ring set in sterling silver.  God, I love that ring and it was only $15.When I first started shopping there a year ago, they took a lot of my gently used or new designer duds.  Lately (probably given the economy), they are taking less of my stuff.  I'm guessing they are getting fancier items as more people are getting desperate.  I notice they almost always accept designer jeans.  Clothes are arranged by color, which is interesting.  Great for finding skirts, jewelry and bags.  Wouldn't recommend getting your basic shirts or shoes there, better deals are often found at my local T.J. Maxx, Marshall's or even Nordstrom Rack.
3	This is a fun place to find used clothing. The prices are decent and the store is fairly organized.
3	I can't hate on consignment stores, because I think they serve such a great purpose on many levels.  My sisters closet is one of those stores I give the benefit of the doubt to, but unfortunately, just to much to say in regards to good and bad here.For the good, they have a really nice selection of clothing.  Prices seemed reasonable and fair, and they had racks and racks and racks of everything here.  Shoes, purses, pants, suits, skirts, tops and blouses etc.  The downer?  The entire store consisted of mostly smalls and medium sizes, with a handful of larges.  um, not everyone is a small.  I ended up chatting with another customer who was having the same difficulty as I was. Wheres the XL's?  Its all geared towards smaller sized individuals.  This is upsetting.  We both walked out empty handed because we are not medium sized gals.  Im not saying Im a fatty, but I cant possibly squeeze into a medium sized pant or top.Im upset about that, along side the fact that the parking lot here is a complete and udder disaster.  gravel, construction cones, dead end parking isles, and the so forth.  I dont hold my sisters closet responsible for that persay, BUT, it makes me more upset and frustrated when I want to support a place like this and I cant even get in and out within reason.  Driving in here is at best one car at a time.parking aside, I may or may not be back. They really need to bring in more reasonable sizes because Im not shopping at a place that doesnt carry my size.
4	Not sure what the address was, but know this was a newer store around Pinnacle Peak.  I had been referred by a girlfriend whose super successful realtor boss shops there.  I was very impressed and have been consignment shopping in Denver for years.  This was luxe, organized, and had very nice staff, roomy dressing rooms and a great selection.  Will absolutely go back next time I'm in town.
4	Goodies galore at My Sister's Attic!  Very impressive selection of designer labels and very organized.  The latest denim names to Louis Vuitton gently used bags.  I plan to revisit when I have more time.  Very friendly staff also!
4	The new location is great & it appears the horrible construction will be over soon on the shopping center.  As both a consigner & a shopper here, I think it's a wonderful place.  The only thing I don't like is that they've closed their kid's store (Small Change), so now I have to go to Hissyfits or Kid To Kid for kid's things.As a consigner = efficient, fast process.  I like that they tell you right then & there what they will take.  I feel I always get top dollar for the things I bring.  I won't be going to Second Look anymore because they want to charge you all of these crazy fees for consigning.  I'll definitely be bringing everything here.As a shopper  = the new space is well organized, bright, spacious, and easy to persuse.  You almost feel like you are in a designer boutique, not a consignment store.  Really something for everyone, as they have designer/high end items & middle of the road/less expensive choices as well.  Everything I see is fashionable & decent quality.  Overall an excellent budget & eco-friendly choice.  I'm gonna check out the store in N. Scottsdale next & see how it compares.
2	I am an avid second hand shopper. I love Crossroads and Buffalo Exchange. I was not impressed at all. If I could change the name I would call it My Mother's Closet. Everything was very matronly and the size selection was horrible. A lot of the stuff was extremely used and very overpriced. The ladies that work there were old and not very friendly. I wanted to try on some YSL sunglasses and I changed my mind because they were so rude and didn't even acknowledge my presence. My mother would like it there but I found everything kind of ugly. I wouldn't even give the store a second chance.
4	Love, love, love this place! Just returned from annual spring trip to Scottsdale, and yes, we had to hit My Sisters not once but multiple times to make sure we had fully scouted out all avaiable great buys. (This is how hooked we are - when faced with staying at a new place that was farther away from Lincoln Square, we opted to stay at our usual spot - location, location, location...to Sisters!)   We have been coming here for years ... new location is nice, much larger but hasn't lost any of the charm or "great buys" that sometimes happens when a store expands.It is a total treasure hunt, either have a few hours to devote to the task, or plan on returning several times - you simply can't do a quick fly-by here! You can find very high quality couture items - or lower priced cute/funtional/trendy items - that they have such a great range of selection is a huge plus in my book. Prices are reasonable, staff is nice and helpful.I share other yelper's disappointment that Small Change was closed, when I asked it sounded like it was a regulatory/liability thing ... BUT we did discover Kid to Kid (about 5 minutes away) - which was nice. Not Small Change - but liked it and gave me my fix.I definitely give this place 2 thumbs up ... don't miss it if you are in Scottsdale. The only reason 4 vs. 5 stars ... I can't visit more than once a year!  How about opening up a shop in San Jose?  (-:
4	Love this store!  Found a great pair of heels here.  Great brands and nice staff.  The merchandise isn't picked over or scanty.  The prices are decent, but not out of this world cheap or anything.  Would highly recommend it!
5	i guess I just miss the two stores I love shopping at in Phoenix. This is another one! Vintage, vintage, vintage! I always walk away with some lovely piece of jewelry or scarf. One must visit to appreciate Chanel, Juicy, Michael Kors, Gucci, Coach, Prada, etc etc etc. A must stop when I am in Phoenix.
4	Wow - this was a totally find. It's one of the largest consignment stores I have been to and the quality of all their merchandise is excellent. I got two pairs of Donald Pliner shoes for $35 total. The lady said they get over 500 new items each day and move that much in merchandise. People apparently drive in from all over to visit. And they even accept items from around the US by mail. A great stop if you want nice things at a steal.
3	I wasn't impressed with the clothing... not that the selection wasn't vast, but nothing worth buying. I would, however, come back for designer purses! They seemed to have tons of bags that were dying to come home with me. I've never been one to shop vintage or consignment shops as I find them to be slightly overwhelming, but from what's out there this place isn't that bad.
2	On a Sunday in August, I went to shop and consign at the My Sister's Closet on Scottsdale Road. This chain of stores, to me, is and always will be the best luxury clothing/accessories consignment store.Unfortunately, tonight I had the absolute worst customer service experience in my entire life. I am not exagerating. By no means am I a diffifult or picky customer - I've done this job myself in college and understand the dynamics. But, until today, I have never come in contact with such rude, unpolite employees.Each and every employee - from the manager to the cashiers to dressing room assistant - were disrespectful from the time I walked in to the minute I walked out. An employee even insulted me to my face as I walked out the door. I couldn't believe it!Basically, I came at 5pm (not realizing they close at 6pm) and dropped some clothes off to consign. The girl at the counter told me I had plenty of time to shop and to check back with her when I was done. After browsing 5-6 different racks in about 30 minutes, the manager came up to me and said sharply, "We close in 5 minutes." and immeditely walks away. I was in awe at how unprofessional she acted. Why on earth wouldn't a manager let customers know 15 minutes before close? A loud speaker would have been a good idea.Following this lovely interaction, I hurry along to the dressing room with about 15 items in tow. As soon as I get my ticket, the assistant turns the lights out in the dressing room! I hear serveral people having trouble trying to make their final choices. This goes on as multiple employees sit and watch the poor women try to tell the difference between what they wanted and what they didn't. Seriously? Wow.So, here I am trying clothing on in a very dark room, squiting my eyes as I try to decide what I like. I didn't end up with much.As if this whole experience wasn't already awesome enough, the dressing room assistant couldn't have cared less about the confusion with the lighting. Instead, she decided to continutally knock on my door to ask for items I didn't want so she could return them to the rack. Not a problem, but I think this could have gone quicker if she didn't check on me 12 separate times without even offering assistance.I consign with My Sister's all the time - the attic, well-suited, as well as the children's store. I visit different locations at least 4-5x a month. In general, I love these stores--they have great prices on quality items and it keeps my closet fresh and stylish without breaking the bank. But, all in all, the customer service needs some serious revamping. I will never shop this location again.
5	Love this place.  Amazing bargains and designer purses and clothing.  I will definitely return!
2	I would love to shop here more but the women are so nasty every time I've been in there.  Every time I end up finding a few things and I've honestly put things down and walked out because of how mean the women are.  I know it's a consignment store but you'd think they could be a little nicer to us penny pinchers ;) ??!!
4	Went there with the Wife. Lots of stuff for the ladies. I would lay off making any real purchase here on my own, I would of course consult the Mrs. In regards to what she might like. Way to tough to try and pick something out in here (Louis Vuitton, Gucci, etc.) that is the stuff for the ladies to decide on. Nice place, very friendly staff, warm, and inviting one to buy.
5	I cannot believe I have to come to Scottsdale to shop at a place as great as this. Seriously, Bay Area, get it together, come down here, and figure this out. Hmmm.....wait, I live in the Bay Area....hmmm...Anyway - this store has everything you will ever want to find. High-end old-lady clothes (I mean designer suitings and formal suitings), cute designer clothes, formal dresses, casual tops, pants, leather jackets, awesome shoes, tons of purses, jewelry, a men's store adjacent, etc. The only bad thing I have to say is that they closed their kids' store which I also loved because it's hard to find good consignment/second hand stores for kids.I went Tuesday with my daughter, and after a couple of hours and her getting bored, I went back on Wednesday with hubby who found a great jacket for $27 with tags on for $450 retail. Sweeeet!Go, go, go, go, go here.
4	After shopping at "Sissy's" as I like to call it, it's really hard to pay full price for anything!  I love that I can get my TB Reva's for under $100 and score on vintage bags for a steal!  It's also nice to be able to buy something "for free" with my credit from consigning items but I sometimes feel like I'm not getting enough for my things.  I also tend to get quite upset when my once treasured items get rejected but I find some truly heinous items on the racks.  Oh well, I still love it and go at least once a week!
4	I have found some fabulous things here, and I recommend it to anybody who is okay with shopping for consignment clothing. I have gotten numerous compliments on some of the items I got at My Sister's Closet, and I am excited to come here each time I decide to go!The minor downsides - I have had a problem finding good jeans here. Also, I have encountered some issues with unfriendly staff. Although, there have also been some very friendly people here as well.Overall, it's a great store, and you can get some awesome deals!
3	They have all the names you know: Coach, Gucci, Fendi, Betsy, as well as what you'd find at Nordstrom.  Thing is, there's nothing in there I would say I loved.  And true, to echo someone else's review, it's basically a store for those that wear a size 0 to 6.  Which is fine, but I don't fit in that category...yet.  It can be frustrating to see a basically nonexistant selection of LGs, and the little of what they do have is something only Elvira would wear.
4	I love love love My Sister's Closet! I always score the most amazing finds for super cheap and they always have a great selection of inventory! Bags, shoes, clothes, you name it they have it! My boyfriend loves this place too as they have a decent men's section as well. This place is by far one of my favorite consignment stores!
2	It's so hard for a store to balance discount pricing with a designer image.  From the crowds of people who shop there, "MSC" must be doing something right.  However, it just never seems to work for me, as hard as I've tried.  MSC has a huge inventory, with most of it true designer names, and a fair amount those uber exclusive names like Chanel, etc.  There have probably been a few hundred designer bags to choose from when I've been in.  The shoe selection hasn't been quite as big.  The store decor makes you feel welcome and happy, and the staff has always been friendly and helpful.  Whenever I first walk in, I'm always impressed, and get really excited about what what I might buy.Here's where it turns into a negative experience for me:  First, parking is nothing short of a holy hell nightmare.  Then the sheer volume of things to look at is overwhelming.  I begin to feel exhausted after the first 10 minutes.  MSC isn't the place to go to look for something specific; say, a fitted blazer.  I find myself carefully investigating probably 1,000 pieces of clothing to ferret out said blazers.  When I fall upon something I like, my brain-on-overload inevitably (unfairly?) finds some flaw to talk me out of it.  "$35 is too much for a used leather Le Sac bag with a sticky zipper".  "$36 is too much for a used and somewhat worn looking Nordstrom brand blazer.  It's not even a designer name".  "What?  $15 for a used t-shirt?"  You get the idea.I always come in excited and leave disappointed and needing a cocktail.Consigning at MSC was a bit of a disappointment, too; though I totally understand that the free market dictates what they can sell my things for.  I do way better selling on Ebay, but admit MSC is more convenient.Bottom line, I guess I need more from a store when I shop for designer apparel.  Even used designer apparel.
3	I would bet the 5 star love is from folks who are the uber high end shoppers, so that the $1200 purse that resales for $400 is their steal of the century.  I much prefer viewing their high end deals from their online site (often the best gets sold immediately though), as I find the place a bit jumbly... but I am sure that is really a matter of mood / mindset / patience to search for your treasure.  I did walk out w/ a beautiful Gucci and was assured the buyers are fully trained for authenticity... but stilllllllll... I just have to wonder.
5	If you like free clothes as much as I do you'll love My Sister's Closet. The trick is to consign and go frequently. There are times I don't find much but when you spot a true gem it makes the digging worth it. Although I have to confess, there isn't too much digging involved. They've spruced up the store design and organization. Clothes, shoes, and accessories are put out seasonally so it's easy to find what you're looking for. Just went today and scored with two summer dresses ... for free.
4	On a return trip, I purchased yet another designer purse... this is getting to be an illness.  More importantly I went thru the non-designer racks...excellent to score a great bargain on clothes.  I wrote too fast, up a star!
3	Like this place BUT BEWARE! The manager at the N Scottsdale store sold me a pair of FAKE Louboutins! :(  I spent about $200 for FAKE Louboutins! Not happy about that! I wore them once, decided to reconsign them because they were too big (I bought them after I had been on my feet all day) and they wouldn't take them because they couldn't authenticate them! WHAT? They were a featured item on their website when I bought them!!! Dislike! Other than that one instance, I am a fan of this place.
1	Manager accused my son of switching rings when he tried to return a ring that was marked as gold but jeweler tested it was not gold, Went to chandler store today forgot money ask clerk to hold purchase clerk said we don't hold my sister talked her into hold ing for 2 hrs. Our round trip twice was 100 miles got back, clerk says, you didn't come back in an hour, items sold to someone else, then she said I didn't hold them, then she said I told you we don't hold, I just got out of ICU almost died wanted something fun to do this place is not fun, full of uncaring, unhelpful people
4	stopped in on vaca...i'm hooked! going back to scottsdale just to shop here!great prices on tommy bahama shirts, designer jeans (7 for all...) hugo boss, italian ties... bigger selection for women , designer stuff all over, ya gotta stop by!
1	I don't know who would be so hard up to purchase these 80's looking, too high priced, cheap clothing from the tight wad who owns this place.I went in to sell  a two season past, hip, light gray Oscar twin set  that was in excellent condition and they wanted to give me $8! I asked to speak with the manager and the owner was there and she told me that I can take my business elsewhere after I told her that she was crazy for asking $30 for a long length, highly padded blazer from the 80's. I asked anyone in the store if they wanted to make me an offer on the way out. I'm glad that I donated it to a place where she can't get her hands on my things---The owner most likely sends her staff to Goodwill to stock her store.
2	STAY AWAY-unless you enjoy paying too much for used clothing that is often in very poor shape (I agree with other reviewers-overwhelming inventory and a lot of goodwill type digging to be done). But my biggest complaint is the "trade" system, read on:I used to love this store-I was quite loyal. However, now that the Scottsdale location has expanded, I have run into too many disappointments, First of all, requiring loyal customers (who LITERALLY provide the owner's inventory) to pay a $5.00 pick up fee for EACH item the client wants back (due to not selling-being marked down very low or what have) is BS. Although I realize that there is overhead and picking up has the potential for abuse, a system needs to be put in place that is more fair to the client. But, that's not what really bothers me: last time around I took in at least 50 items and they "consigned" at least 30 of them. Some of these were designer pieces. They all get thrown into a bin and you never know what they are being marked at. I used to receive a decent cut, but now I can't help but feel that my items are just a few of many that get lost in the shuffle-I barely received anything (around $100) last time around and have no idea what my items sold for-it just all rings a bit fishy in my book. Other resale shops disclose your pricing on your items to you, not this place-they simply give you a paper that shows how many items they are taking. In addition, the prices have gone WAY up-must be to cover the rent of that huge space-it would be fine if the items were of stellar quality, but I find so many damaged (holes, stains, pilling etc.) on the clothing now that I don't even go into look. There are other options in town (and internet sources), and I plan on taking advantage of them in the near future. I think MSC may have gotten a little big for its britches-pun intended.
3	I have been in here several times since it is just up the street from where I work and also in the same shopping center as my hubby's favorite restaurant, Fogo de Chao.  Almost every time I go in, I come out empty handed.  I am not really a thrift-store shopper, but I love the idea of being able to get designer/couture items that are gently used for less.  I just can't seem to ever find anything that I actually think is a good deal.Thrift store lovers I am sure will love this place since after their expansion several months ago, it really is a beautiful store with lots of space, nice displays and a bunch of dressing rooms.  Their selection of plus-sized clothes is very lacking so I don't usually do much shopping for clothes but they also have a really nice selection of jewelery that changes quickly.  They have a wide variety of upscale purses and shoes which is what I spend most of my time looking at but anything that is less than $100 is more than gently used.  I can't bring myselft to buy something that is dirty and seriously worn or even ripped no matter what brand it is.  Their "almost new" designer pieces are usually behind glass and so you have to get someone to unlock the case for you.  The other reviewers have already discussed the level of service you get at this store so this can be a hassle.  I was very close to paying $300 for a pair of Jimmy Choo shoes there recently until I realized that it is crazy to pay that much for shoes that someone else has worn.  I mean, yes, it was much cheaper than retail.  But I think you would do better on the price to wait for a sale at Neiman Marcus, or visit the Sak's outlet in AZ Mills, or just hunt online at a site like Blue Fly.  Why pay that much and still run the risk that they are fakes or were owned by someone with a foot fungus?
5	I enjoy shopping consignment stores for the deeply instilled (by my mother) need to find - and brag - about getting the absolute best deals imaginable. More importantly, I never seem to want to dress to the current fashion trends and regular retail locations never seem to fit my style. Both of these things are perfectly fulfilled by My Sister's Closet.They have a huge variety of designer clothing, shoes, bags, sunglasses coats and all sorts of attire. Compared to other locations, this one definitely has a more high end feel, better selection and is very spacious.I've found everything from amazing jeans to a coach handbag to a gorgeous dress for my work Christmas party. They have a ton to offer and I definitely recommend checking it out for the designer quality at the discount price.
5	This review is for the one in Desert Village at Pinnacle Peak. Couldn't find the location on yelp for this one. My family and I were visiting our relatives in AZ for xmas vacation. My aunt recommended it to my mom. They actually were in the one in Chandler, went the SA told my mom the one off pima is the nicest and you should check it out. Anyways, this place is way out in BFE. Like in the middle of nowhere. But it is really nice and I was suprised at how it was so neat and organized. Everyone was friendly and nice and were happy to help.My mom ending up buying a fur hat and my aunt another hat. As for me...I was looking for purses and after seeing the inside of most of them (very well used like mine) I just couldn't pay for something that has been used like that before..I know call me what you want, it just creeps me out.  But nice little place, can't say I would drive all the way out here again when we visit but it was a nice tucked away place.
4	Not really a vintage shopper, but I'm learning!  Stopped off here after a Trader Joe's run.  Cool spot, very helpful and friendly salespeople. Found some unexpected goodies here!  Will definitely return.
4	I used to hear about this place when I was a kid, and wondered what my mom was talking about. Finally years and years later I fell in love with this place. Having to rummage through an assortment of styles and finding that gem is fun. Twice have I scored deals during their winter cleaning event...last year in 2011 I scored a vintage Gucci purse for only $160 when it retailed for over $300 before the sale. Then this year my boyfriend got like-new $400 sneakers for only $46, which were selling for $118 with 60% discount dropped it to that low price. I LOVE this place. I have sold here 2 times and never had a problem. If one is going to sell here, think sort of eclectic, unless its name brand. Sometimes your credit will take awhile to show up, but once your items are on the floor then it will show up. A great place to purchase high end purses at a fraction of the cost, just like my lovely Balenciaga in nice condition for only $110. I only usually walk out with less than 5 items but I'm not complaining.
4	Really cool spot.  I can't say that I'm an avid consignment/vintage shopper, but I'd been hearing about this place since I moved to Scottsdale.  I went on a weekday afternoon.  The girls working were very helpful even though they were pretty busy.  I actually found a few really nice items with tags still on.  They have a lot of unique items.  Kind of a skimpy shoe selection, but lots of cute designer bags.  I will definitely be back.
3	I can always find something here, even if it's just one item.  The only sad thing that happen the day I went the computers were down, and the lines were pretty long since the had to hand write everything.But other than that its a great places to find clothes for cheap! I got a dress still with the price tag on it for 10 bucks, but the original price was $140, not thats a steal deal!
2	I decided to go check out this store after I have heard mix reviews.  I brought about 20 pieces of clothing in to consign-Juicy Couture, True Reigion and some other bettter brands.  The girl behind the counter said she was only interested in items less than 2 years old!  I'm sorry but I usually wear my clothes for 2 to 3 seasons before getting rid of them.  She was VERY RUDE and the customer service was horrid.  I decided to take my items with me and consign to a store that had better customer serice and more appreciative of my merchandise! Would not consign again and was turned off so will not shop here again.  Too many better stores out there.  Good luck Sisters'
4	Visiting My Sister's Closet can be a hit or miss event.  On a particular day you may not find anything you like.  However, if you bring your patience and a sense of adventure you could find something fantastic!While I have never had the opportunity to work my way through each rack and display case (but would like to someday!), I have found my favorite brand of jeans (7 for All Mankind) a couple of times at what I think is a great price.  I have brought in items to consign as well.  Once you establish an account, the process is fairly quick and easy.  I don't dwell on which items sell, or the price, since I would have otherwise donated the clothing.  Any store credit received is a fun bonus to me!One piece of advice - try on everything - even if the label says it is your size, and it is a brand you are familiar with.  Jeans, especially the designer brands, have many times been altered by the previous owner for waist size or length (and all sales are final).Happy hunting!!
4	This review is for the Scottsdale Location, off Lincoln and Scottsdale Road.If you are looking for designer finds, Scottsdale's location is the place to go. I live close to the Chandler store, however it seems like they get the picked over left overs from this store. As it always is with resale, thrift-like stores, it's hit or miss. Get your digging hat on and plan to hunt! There have been several times that I have been to this store and not found a single thing (which always sucks since it's 25 miles from my house!). My trip this weekend was decent. Walked away with an awesome pair of Rich and Skinny jeans - retail, $170, paid $17, a tailored blazer, $19 (perfect for fall) and a emerald green tunic for $10. The jeans selection seems the best in sizes 25-28 then starts to peter out as you get to 30+. Those Scottsdale B's are tiny. Handbags range from SUPER high end Louis Vuittons and Gucci, down to vintage Dooney and Burke. Because this location is so much bigger they do have a better assortment of the nicer designer clothing, shoes, purses, etc. However, I still love the store in Chandler because the prices are better and they tend towards better discounts and sales. But if you are looking for the best, this is the location to try.
1	I am rating My Sister's Closet based on a recent consignment deal. A couple of months back I signed over a Paper Boy by G1 button front plaid shirt, a tangerine pencil skirt by The Addison Story, and a beautiful 100% cashmere oversized sweater. Considering the quality and condition of these items, I trusted My Sister's Closet to price these items fairly.Fast forward two months. I called today (as I now live out of state) to if my items sold and how much money I would be receiving. The saleswoman first told me both the Paper Boy shirt and cashmere sweater had sold, then proceeded to tell me I would only be getting a little over $17 for both items.Hold on. My Sister's Closet gives you either 40% cash or 50% trade for each item sold. So, on average, they sold a nearly new cashmere sweater and a $70 shirt for roughly $21.00. The shirt is more understandable at that price, but $21 is FAR too low of a price for a cashmere sweater that is less than a year old and in near perfect condition. I thought consignment was the way to go when selling pieces such as these, but apparently I was wrong. To those thinking about handing things over to My Sister's Closet for sale, make sure to assess all other options before going this route.
1	My Sister's closet took my consignment  items and sold them all in less than 2 weeks  according to the sales girl, but did not pay me for all my sold items except one for only $11. They claimed they  donated my items to the charity. When I complained to the owner she was rude and angry. She told me I am not allowed back to her store.They are very dishonest.
2	Why, oh why are they so condescending?  The staff at this store bases pleasantries and level of service on perceived financial status.  Discriminating based on social class is wrong! I urge you to take a stand, shop someplace else. Back-story:  We shop at resale stores to combat the level of consumable waste in this county.  We feel it's socially and environmentally responsible to choose recycled goods, when it makes sense.   This being said, we are very familiar with our choices for purchasing recycled goods.  This store is on the bottom of our list, not because of the goods that they sell, but because of the attitude of their staff.  Case in point.  I did a little experiment at this store.  First Visit -  Dressed down.  You would think I donned an invisibility cloak.   No service!  And the little  interaction I did have was outwardly snobbish. Second Visit -  Dressed up.  What a different experience.  I received a friendly greeting at the door and the level of service was much better.   Don't get me wrong, they were still very arrogant, but the level of arrogance was much lower. So every experiment needs a second set of results.  Here they are:First Visit - Dressed Up.  Same experience.  Greeted at the door.  Snobby but responsive service. Second Visit - Dressed Down.  This time was even worse.  When I walked in, there was a sales girl so close, I could have bumped into her.  I was offered no greeting at all.  Not 10 feet behind me followed a second customer, all dressed up.   I was still within 5 feet of the same sales girl when she pleasantly greeted the well-dressed women that entered right after I did.  What am I, chopped liver?    Since this little experiment my experience has remained consistent.   I prefer to dress down, beach casual.  And every time I visit My Sister Closet in Paradise Valley, I'm treated like dirt.  I'm really sick of this place and over time have shopped there less and less.  I just can't take being treated so poorly.   Whether I appear wealthy, or not, should have no bearing on how I'm treated!   One never knows who they are meeting and cannot, and for that matter should not,  make a decision about a persons level in life based on appearance alone.   In my world, people are not discriminated against based on gender, race, religion, or social status.  I think I've had enough!ATTN MY SISTERS CLOSET STAFF:  You cannot use stratification to determine your level of service.  You cannot judge people based on appearance.  You want to service only your wealthy customers while ignoring the rest.  WARNING:  Your assumptions have you failing on all fronts, including your attempts at trying to service a higher end clientele.  Have you not learned, the eccentricities of wealth create a very wide variety of appearances.   Regardless, to base your customer experience on perceived social class is just wrong!   You are alienating all of your customer base, because in the end,  no-one likes an elitist snob.
5	Mind-boggling and enormous operation. My boyfriend's parents moved to Scottsdale recently and we went the day after Thanksgiving. The value here beyond all conception: 1) Tahari highest-end designer, Arthur Levine plum blazer, 46 but on sale for 23. That's gotta be a 400 dollar blazer or perhaps 300 minus skirt. 2) Cashmere blend overcoat with real fox trim: 99. 3) Pizzi dress: 99, reminiscent of old Carole Little. 4) Old but fine condition shearling coat: 25. People probably thought it was fake. For days when cashmere won't cut it and you don't own a parka.5) Bruno Magli like new one-inch pumps (patent/suede) for Mom for Christmas, 50 but 25 after TG. If you are into fur but think it's wrong to buy NEW fur: THIS IS THE PLACE TO COMENow, why North Scottsdale moneyed matrons need fur is beyond me. But these women may travel a lot and want to wear in NYC or wherever when they leave Scottsdale in the winter. They're so nice there too! If you're not from Scottsdale, you should be prepared for a lot of seriously skinny women with some very impressive chests. This cannot all be natural but you should be prepared because it's hard not to stare on occasion. Also, lots of sparkles in Scottsdale on the distaff population as my friend says: jeans, sweaters, tops, sandals, shoes.... I don't know what this Funnyone F is talking about. This is THE MOST chill consignment store! She needs to come to LA and NYC and find out what snotty really looks like. And it's hard to be intimidated by frosted blonde hair in banana clips --ubiquitous in the store--so I'm quite perplexed by this comment.P.S. I just reread Funnyone's trashing of this store. (She's only funny in the "laugh at you" not "laugh with you" sense, by the way.)My God! If they were rude to her maybe it's her retro-1960s social justice persona. Oy vey. I walk around ALMOST all places (even Manhattan in the snow to get breakfast) in PJs, with my hair a major mess and no makeup at all with beat-up comfort /ortho French wedges. I am treated well most of the time in those get-ups in places far snottier than uber-friendly North Scottsdale. To be fair, I am at all times seriously decked out in bling (white gold, lab created stones from Diamond Nexus, not CZ but not mined). She might invest in some CZ which might fool these women she claims are treating her badly. Or she might get a better personality. Or a hobby. If she has time to conduct this experiment with dressing up and dressing down--TWICE--she has too much free time on her hands.  NEWSFLASH: We live in a class-conscious society. Anyone who thinks America is less classist than Britain is delusional. And for the record, YES, they can treat you badly if they choose. We live in a free enough society with a free enough market that proprietors can treat you however they like.
5	It's impossible to go here and not find a gem. They always have such good stuff and for the most part- its reasonably priced. I feel like it's way more reasonable than Buffalo Exchange. I got some brand new Frye boots but they have a great jean selection, most of the designer stuff (Hudson, Joes, 7s) are in the $30 price range.
3	I like shopping at this place, and I certainly spend a fair share of money there, but I am a bit skeptical as to why there is no record of what price tag they put on items, and how much of that the customer gets. It seriously is a gray area... I can leave five name brand items, find out a week later all were sold, then have just 28 in my account. But they can not explain what the items sold for? Customers should get a print out of what sold, and for how much. That's honest business. Anyway, I read someone else's review below about how you look when going to this store - it does make a difference at the Lincoln/Scottsdale store. I dress amazingly all week, so when I typically shop at this store, at night or on weekends, my hair and makeup aren't done perfectly and I'm not dressed up. I also drop off clothes to consign, and there's one woman who will never accept items from me. They are name brand, sometimes never worn, and she always says "no thank you." So I usually just go back another day and often a bunch of the items will get taken in by someone else. But this one woman refuses to take in clothes from me, very strange! I see low labels like Style & Co on the racks but she turned down items such as my DNKY skirt, and also a pair of heels I bought there the day before but decided I didn't want! That's really strange when you buy heels from there, and try to consign the same heels the next day and you're told "sorry we can't accept those." Despite the annoyances, I will consign and shop at this store.
5	I love My Sister's Closet!  I basically just trade my stuff!  It's so much stuff, I drop off bags of unwanted clothes, shoes and purses and buy new ones with my credit.  They have something for everyone.  Super expensive brands to inexpensive brands.  My favorite thing to buy here is Lululemon gear!
5	Love this place!   I visit at least once per week to shop or sell clothes :)
5	This one is my favorite of all the My Sister's Closets.  First of all it's the largest but that's not what makes it the best, although I do love the selection!  What makes it the best one is the quality of the merchandise.  Even the "lower quality" (if you can call it that) merchandise consists of good brands (no Old Navy here!), merchandise free of blemishes, rips or non-functioning zippers, clothes that smell clean.  And not to contradict "Funnyone F." but I've shopped here (and at all the other My Sister's Closets) and never once faced an iota of condescension, even when I'm dressed in Old Navy capris and an old t-shirt.  Despite the Scottsdale location, the prices are the same as at the other locations.  Like any consignment boutique, it's hit or miss, but I love this store and would say it's easily - in my estimation - the best women's consignment store in the valley.
2	This consigment shop offers  a wide variety of wonderful items to purchase. However, I don't recommend consigning here. You won't make money unless you consign top of the line Chanel, Louis Vuitton. It has to be first class stuff for you to even make any money. If you sell boutique labels you might make $20 on an item you paid over $100 for. You are better off going to Regal Rags where your items sell quicker and you make  a better cut. They charge you to take out cash, and give you less cash!!!
1	This is something that everyone who loves designer bags needs to know. In May of 2013 I purchased a beautiful CHANEL handbag for my daughter. Upon purchasing it I asked numerous times if the bag was authentic and was told yes. The bag was priced at $1100.00 which is a good buy for a CHANEL bag and it looked to be in good condition. Within the first week of my daughter using her new bag the strap broke and the zipper started to come apart. I immediately called My Sisters Closet to ask for assistance on the repairs of the bag, after all it had only been a week. I was turned down but offered a $25.00 gift card for the store. I was slightly upset but decided that since I purchased the bag used I needed to accept that things can go wrong. This is where things get interesting. I took the bag to CHANEL inside SAKS at the Biltmore to have the bag sent out for repairs and after almost 10 weeks of waiting for the bag to return from Paris we learn that CHANEL wont repair it because it's not authentic. In other words it's a FAKE! I spent $1100.00 on a fake CHANEL bag. Today I took the bag with the letter from CHANEL to My Sisters Closet for a refund and was told that the manager will have to look at it and then get with the owner to let me know how they will handle, hopefully I will receive a refund by days end tomorrow. I'm slightly concerned because of the way they handled the repair part of it as I had to call them numerous times to get a answer of no we will give you a gift card for $25.00. I guess I'll have to wait and see! Anyhow please be careful when you purchase anything from them as they evidently do not know how to authenticate things. I'm fortunate that I had the sense to send the bag to CHANEL for the repairs because had I took it to a local repair place my daughter would've been carrying a very expensive counterfeit CHANEL bag. CHANEL has asked me to contact their legal department with info on where and how much I purchased the bag. At least I know that CHANEL takes this stuff seriously. I'll follow up this review on how well My Sisters Closet handles this.I'm happy to say that I received a phone call to let me know that my money will be refunded and a apology. I'm still saying for people to be very careful as I would have never known had I not sent the bag to CHANEL to be repaired. For now on I will not be buying any used high end handbags, wallets or other items from a consignment store or individual.  The risk of being counterfeit is just too high in my opinion and some stores such as Gucci will not even look at the item. Best to just by new when investing in a Designer item .
1	Zero stars!Give Cyndi B her money back, you sold her counterfeit CHANEL for $1,100.00 !!!!
2	This place would have received more stars had I not had unpleasant experiences. SELLING CLOTHESI've been bringing in a nice mix of clothes, shoes and purses for a few years now. Staff in the back is always friendly even when busy. Every now and then, I have to raise an eyebrow. Dishonest tactics have led me to sell higher quality items elsewhere. I brought in a black Gucci monogrammed canvas Pelham purse. Excellent quality. (Thanks, ex BF, at least you were good for something). The retail was $1395. Was told they'd mark it at about $695. It sold in ZERO days and I got $120 for it. (Does this meas someone on staff lowballed it so they could buy it?). The Fendi... same zero days. Some new coach sneakers. Zero days and $10 when crappy ones on the floor are listed at $60. They sell Tom's wedges on the shoe racks for about $18-$22. So my brand new pair sold in zero days and I got $4. Hmmm, notice a pattern? My friends have showed me their transaction printouts and have some similar stories so I am not alone. I'd bring in average stuff but watch what nice items you bring in. BUYING CLOTHESI do love their "end of season" sales where you can get up to 70% off marked prices before they change out seasons. I've got some smokin' deals. Otherwise, items are hit and miss. I've found some super cute items for reasonable prices while some others are overpriced.
4	This review should be called "My Brother's Closet" as I took my son into the men's section of the Scottsdale store.  We were looking for a winter coat, but found way more than that.  He got a great winter coat, yes, but we also got a full tux set up, including cummerbund and another suit/pants...all for $260.00.  Would have been less if the clerk had not missed that the suit was supposed to be 30% off, and we missed that too.  Oh well, not gonna drive back there from Flagstaff to argue the point.  The staff was extremely nice and helpful; the only glitch was that the lady who rung it up made a mistake.
5	Spent 235 on my annual trip to Scottsdale (second annual but will start coming more often between Thanksgiving trips): 1. Tahari fantasy red suit WITH tags: 280 retail. Paid 49!2. Cashmere blend (35% cashmere, 65% merino wool) in a dark winter white and fox trim: ??? new. Paid 100. 3. Cole Hahn like new high block heel sling backs: 400 or 450 new. Paid 35. 4. Stunning navy gloves with cool accent around wrist: worth 75 or 80. Paid 16. 5. Black House/White Market hot sexy red heels, lightly worn but good shape Worth 90 or 100. Paid 20.OMG so so fabulous. This is THE BEST overall consignment and certainly the best price point. Lola in SB, the Cottage in Pacific Palisades ALL designer (not a mix like Sister's Closet) but a LOT more money. This is worth a a trip from LA. Mind-blowing as always. 235 for about 1300 of clothing. Tahari suit and Cole Hahn heels together 75 dollars?!?!
1	Not real sure how this place decides what to take or not take, but today I stopped in with a bunch of clothes which were worth more than $5,000 and they did not want to consign anything.  They said it is not something they want and it was outdated.  I did not think leather jackets, hand made leather boots, Anne Klein cashmere sweaters and tailor made jackets and tops ever go out of style.  An older woman came in after me with a bunch of bright colored sweaters and they took everything she had.  Go figure, some people just do not know good quality if it bit them in their....you know what.
4	Always a great day when I get to go to this store! I always find cute stuff! Just wish they were closer to me!
5	As a recent college graduate, I am on a tight budget. I also still have a love for quality clothing, and My Sisters Closet is the perfect place for me! I come from Illinois, but my family has a vacation house in Scottsdale. I was recently visiting and made several visits to My Sisters Closet! All of the clothes I got were of great quality. I took home several lululemon athletic tops, JCREW, Banana Republic, Lilly Pulitzer...quality clothing for an amazing price! I didn't even think twice that the items were secondhand.  My only tip is that you have to work to find the clothes that you want. If you don't like spending a long time searching through rack after rack of clothing, then this is not the store for you. The time I spent looking through all of the racks was well worth it, but I am also one that doesn't mind digging for hours for what I want. One would be crazy to not give My Sisters Closet a visit!  It is definitely my new favorite spot in Scottsdale!
2	The shoes section is not an extravagant, the rack area between the clothes is cramped( I wear a size 2 in jeans), the purses are over priced but other than that everything is a good deal. What inventory they do have is in pretty good quality. Their staff is so rude and incompetent which is mainly the reason I stay away, some of the worst employees a store could hire.
1	TERRIBLE! TERRIBLE! North Scottsdale location is TERRIBLE!Two weeks ago I dropped off a LV bag, Tiffany's necklace/earrings/picture frame, and Dior sunglasses. I walk in yesterday evening (6/24/14) at 6pm. I go up to the sales girl and ask about my account and what has sold. I then ask for the price they're selling at and the girl proceeds to tell me outrageously low prices (my $3000 LV is selling for $200 and my Tiffany's is selling for $60!). I told her I want everything taken off and I would gladly pay the $5 for each item. She calls over her RUDE BLONDE MANAGER. My goodness, was she an unpleasant woman! Did not greet me, just came up to the counter with a "what do you want" stare. I told her I did not like the selling prices of the items and would like to take them back. In a very condescending tone, she tells me the sales girl read to me the prices that I would be profiting rather than what they're actually selling for. Okay, no big deal, but then she kept going on and making it seem like it was my fault! I then asked her my original question of what they were selling at. She looks at me and says with a snarky tone, "um ok well I'm going to have to add it up." Was she too busy sitting on her butt in the back? Anyways, once she calculated all the correct prices that the sales girl was unable do to, I was okay with the prices and did not pull them off the floor. After this experience I'll resort to selling my items on eBay where I will make more money and don't have to deal with old women with ugly attitudes. You cannot pay me to ever shop here!Whoever the owners are really needs to read all of these reviews. LOOK HOW MANY PEOPLE COMPLAIN OF YOUR RUDE STAFF!
4	I'm a big fan of this place and have been going here and to other locations for years! I can spend hours here just looking through all the clothes hoping to find some really special pieces for awesome prices, some of them with the original tags still on! I recently went in on the very first morning that they put out all of their new fall clothes. I went in expecting it to be a little chaotic and busy and it definitely was. Most of the sales associates working were super helpful, speedy and friendly, but the reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because unfortunately I had to overhear two younger sales associates moaning and groaning about how "over it" they were in reference to the busy, chaotic morning. They just kept complaining about how much they had to do and how they couldn't wait for their shift to be over. This place is so awesome otherwise and it was a bummer to overhear this. If it's such a burden to be there on what us customers feel like is an exciting day, then quit and let the sweet, helpful and friendly sales associates have more hours and continue to give great service.
3	Usually when I come here it's always stressful for me to sit and go threw racks. However, I have found some amazing pieces from here. One persons garbage is anthers treasure and I can believe it at my sisters closet. I purchased a herve leger dress for $200 when the original is over $800. It takes time and patience to shop here but if your dedicated enough, you can find some hidden gems.
3	Hit or miss, sometimes you'll find something sometimes you won't. I love that they carry higher end brands. Staff is the only problem, very rude and unhelpful. This isn't Barney's or Neiman Marcus, this is my sisters closet so please be a little more pleasant. :)
