5	Finally, really good pizza Downtown. The Margherita has a thin, chewy crust which holds a thin layer of tomato sauce, some fresh basil leaves and fresh mozzarella. Not too much, not too little, not too greasy, not too dry. Add the tang of wood smoke and a little char and it's hard to beat. Very friendly staff and fast service. This is fast food that tastes like it took a lot longer. The portions are decent and the prices are reasonable.
5	Excellent pizza.  Staff is friendly, food is quick, and I've never had anything here I don't like.  Love the quattro formaggi pizza and the caprese sandwich.  Can't go wrong with the handmade crust, and the portions are perfect.  Reasonably priced.  Hope it does well enough to stick around!
4	Really nice little place with great pizza and friendly staff. It's sit-down in the same way that Chipotle is sit-down. They serve wine and beer, but maybe I'm just not used to that in a non-table-service establishement.Unlike Osteria 100, the pizzas are a good size for lunch. The first time I went, a friend and I split a Ceasar salad and a Vesuvius pizza. Portions were fine for a light lunch. The second time I had one pizza myself. The dough quality is excellent - thin, toasted on the edges, and soft within. The taste is so fresh - much like Il Pizziaolo in Mt Lebo.  I've since had the Quattro Formaggi and the Prosciutto y Fungi and both were great.This is a great addition to the downtown lunch scene. I hope they do well - the location is on the very edge of town - and nice to see that they are open past 3pm. Would be a cool happy hour place if they had a bar, but there's just no room for one. With the right wine list it would be kind of like having Dinette minutes from my office.Two downsides: 1. Noise! It's all hard surfaces, so conversations travel. In their defense, it's all glass on two sides, so no much you can do there. 2. THere is no vestibule, so on wintry days there are big chills rushing in with every patron. One of those demountable canvas vestibules like they use in NYC would help a lot.
5	Best Pizza I have ever had!  I have got quite a few pies at stone neapolitan.  I like to mix and match everything.  I usually chose to build my own.  My specialty is the Margherita pizza with a chili sauce pepperoni, sausage, and pancetta.  I highly recommend it to anyone in working downtown, going to pirate or steeler games or any event in the city!
5	Great little unsuspecting pizza place!My boo bought a Groupon here the other day (really just based on the photo and the proximity to our work/home) and we decided we just can't let a pizza place in Pittsburgh (alliteration, anyone?) untouched. We were in for a pleasant surprise - the food was delicious, the service was prompt, and the ambiance trendy. They seemed to be fairly new, which worked to our advantage since they were extra attentive. We ordered a margherita pizza each and I was even able to snag a San Pelligrino blood orange soda (my favorite)!They had seating both outside and inside and it was pretty dead when we went. The wall-size pop art style mural livened up the interior and the whole feel was super fun, modern, and clean. Our pizzas arrived lightning fast and our attentive server was concerned because they were a *little* blackened, thus bringing out an extra pie for us! Prices here are reasonable - a standard personal pie is about $9-15, depending on the toppings. I wish I could've had the time to try their salads and desserts, which all looked pretty tasty. I definitely have to stop by here again next time I'm dahntahn!
4	Good fresh ingredients. Good fresh pizza. I like this place. It was a cool location. I won't go out of my way, but if I was in town, then this restaurant would be on my list of choices to eat.
5	Great little pizza place right in the middle of town!  I stopped down with some co-workers a few weeks ago to grab lunch and was pleasantly surprised by how nice the restaurant was.  The design is modern and clean and the glass windows all around give a great view of the rivers and the city.  After deciding what we'd like for lunch, the cashier took our orders on an iPad and said it would be about 5 minutes.  As promised, the pizza was ready in five minutes and was boxed up for us to take back to work.  The quality is consistent and the ingredients were very high quality.  I ordered a simple margherita pizza, but there are a ton of options for various toppings, most of which are authentic italian and would not even be available at most pizza places.  All of the veggies and meats were also extremely fresh.The pizza was a decent size and had a very crisp crust on the edges, but was softer in the middle of the pizza.  The sauce had a very light and fresh flavor and the cheese was perfect.  I will say, that I probably could have eaten another half pizza, but this may be due to the fact that I didn't load up on toppings.  Next time I go, I will be sure to order a side or get some toppings in order to make a larger meal.The only other restaurant downtown that I can really compare it to would be Wingharts as they also have wood-fired / brick oven pizza on the menu.  I would have to say that Winghart's pizza is larger and has more toppings, but doesn't have the authentic itialian feel that Stone has.  While I love both shops, and they both have great pizza, they are very different in style.Overall, the quality of the food was amazing, the service was fast and friendly and the location is extremely convenient for anyone working near the point.  I will definitely be returning!
5	Incredible pizza! Finally this city which has at least one pizza joint on every corner has a pizzeria downtown that serves amazing pizza.Hand stretched dough that ready in minutes and is so delicious and fresh.  Perfect size for a lunch portion and very reasonable prices.  Huge selection of toppings.  The bianca with chili oil is delicious with any topping, the margherita is also great with a nice tomato sauce and fresh mozzeralla and basil.Very friendly staff.I don't normally eat a lot of pizza, but I could eat here every day!
4	While slightly out of the way in the old State building across the street from the Wyndham (ie old Hilton), this place is pretty cool.First, the interior is modern, clean, cool patterned wood ceiling.  It's a relatively small place, with large glass windows in the bottom floor.  The large pizza oven makes up the bulk of the behind-the-counter space.Service was friendly and perfect.I ate the Torino sandwich --- think Italian deli sandwich on a roll, but toasted.  Wouldn't go so far to call it a hoagie though.....The mix of sauce/oil's was very tasty..... The sandwich, while better than average, still lacked the certain hoagie punch. More meat maybe? More cheese? I have a tendency to prefer baked hoagies over simply toasting them.......The recommended pizza was a basic Bianca pizza with a light oil/tomato sauce, and no cheese.  It was good --- although this makes me hungry for more cheesier, meatier options.  The crust was darker --- this seems to be a trend --- many reviews and pictures have almost burnt crust.  Which I think is borderline acceptable.I do like the San Pellegrino Orange available there as well!Despite the minor issues, I see great promise here and I think there's a chance I might take another walk at some point and sample some other dishes.
4	We had a really good experience at Stone. I'd say there are literally only two downsides...the first is parking, and the second is a restaurant layout issue, though not a real problem for our visit during a slower time. The former is what it is...you're not likely to get a spot that's close to the restaurant, but that can be said for most downtown places. The latter issue is simply where the robust wall menu is located in relation to where we ordered. Still not a huge issue...unless it's packed. Then I could see it being tough to order from.I liked how the idea was setup, though. You pick your crust, your sauce, your topping, etc. It's a fully customizable experience, and it's reasonably-priced.I got the caprese salad, which was good, and I like the lack of pretentiousness with everything served on pizza trays, a la Fiori's style. The pizza was perfectly cooked. A lot of these neapolitan pizza places that are popping up struggle to cook the center of the pizza so it's not soggy without overcooking the outside of the crust. Our pizzas were perfectly done, though! We kept it simple on our visit, but overall the nice service, fair prices, and delicious pizzas make Stone a place worth checking out if you're downtown and have a craving for pizza that won't leave you feeling miserably full of grease. The owner (I'm assuming based on his interaction with guests while making pizzas) was really nice and outgoing, and you could tell he was really interested in what people thought. That mentality will help Stone stick around. I just worry about location.
3	Bought a groupon for this place on a pizza craving whim since the reviews were so good.  We went on a Wednesday evening and as expected the place was deserted.  I think its mostly a lunch place for the downtown folks which is probably a better experience since at 9 pm the place went from empty to crowded with somewhat shady clientele.  A wide variety of toppings, at a dollar or more each (yum, proscuitto!).  The salad we had can only be described as...LIMP.  The pizzas a bit too crispy and too thick a crust for my liking.  Overall a ho-hum pizza place to me, I probably won't be spending non-groupon money here in the future.
4	Fast, casual place downtown that has awesome pizzas.  Indoor and outdoor seating, great bottled beer selection and a brick oven to cook these pizzas. All fresh ingredients and toppings.  A great find when everything else downtown was booked. It was random but I will revisit often.
4	Hey, how come I'd never heard of this lace before?  I mean I've only been working Downtown for the past 13 years!Anyway, Stone Neapolitan Pizzeria has a bit of an odd layout and it's decor is -uh- different.  The floor to ceiling windows provide a great view of Point State Park and much of the decor is made from recycled materials.I went for the Genoa Sandwich (mortadella, salami & cheese).   The mozzerella is homemade and it sure tastes like it.  Plus the other ingredients were very fresh---no freezers or tubs here!  It's too bad I work at the other end of Downtown and I don't normally head this way.  But if I do, I'm gonna try the pizza next time.
5	Superb service!  Friendly people serving good food at reasonable prices.A co-worker bought a groupon here, and we had a great lunch for not much $$$.We split a large salad, each had a 9-inch margarita pizza, and a drink.Pizza was good, if only a little simple.Definitely a nice place for a quick lunch downtown.From most of downtown, walk down Liberty Ave towards Point State Park, it will be in the base of the River Vue Building(Old State Building) across from the Wyndham(Old Hilton).
5	Girlfriend and I came in for dinner- the pizza was just about immaculate. Perfect crunch, perfect sauce one pizza is about 10 inches across, which is nice for a personal pizza. A bit saucy but that was perfect for my tastes. Caprese salad was awesome as well. Overall great restaurant!
5	Best pizza in Pittsburgh! The two most important ingredients in pizza: the crust and the tomato sauce are perfect. The crust is thin and crunchy and the tomato sauce is delicious. All ingredients are high quality and fresh. I highly recommend this pizzeria to everyone!
5	Great pizza, great location, great price.
4	My wife and I grabbed a pizza here during the arts festival and I was impressed with it very much.    They offer a great selection of toppings beyond the standard fare of pepperoni and sausage, to include items such as FRESH mozzarella.     If you are looking for a nice upscale pizza place that is beyond your standard greasy local spots (though they have their charms at the right time) then check this place out.
5	This is just a kick-ass little lunch spot. The rare downtown joint with relatively easy-to-get street parking, this place has the trifecta  -- great food, great service, and a few bottled beers that I like (there's just something about Peroni, I don't know). I split a prosciutto and mushroom pizza with my wife, which at about $10 is perfect for two. It came out quickly and had the perfect thin, crispy crust you can only really get with a wood-fired oven. With plentiful seating and tons of topping options, there are no minuses in this food equation. Only skip it if you hate pizza and/or happiness.
3	I like Stone...  don't get me wrong.Compared to other Neapolitan pizza joints, this place is a steal.  It doesn't get too busy during the typical downtown lunch hours, and they have enough groupons/living social deals (2 pizzas, salad, & 2 drinks for $12) that you could build a small fortress with them.The food itself is simple, and that's a good thing.  The pizzas have a good chewy crust and the ingredients that they use are decent.Where Stone falls short, is surprising service.  I'm hoping it was just a new girl at the register, but when we went last time, I found not one, but two hairs in my pizza.  When I went up to the cashier to let them know, she more or less panicked, didn't know what to do, and didn't offer up anything but an awkward, "we hope you still come back."It's predicaments like these that cause me to have too many love/hate relationships with restaurants in this city.  One time I go, and the service is impeccable and the food is out of this world.  The next, and the service is non-existent and the food is alright at best.I'll give it another shot.  I understand things like this happen (to be honest, it usually doesn't phase me).  But when it does, addressing it in the correct manner goes a long way.
4	When it comes to Neapolitan pizza Stone nails it! The pizzas are fresh, baked quickly in their wood fired oven, and topped with high quality, delicious toppings. My go to pizza has been the prosciutto e funghi (prosciutto and mushroom). When ordering I would advise one pizza per person; I can usually eat a whole one on my own. A pizza and an iced tea will run you about $10-12.
5	Great pizza. Great atmosphere. Great service. When we make it back to Pittsburg, we will definitely be back for more delicious pizza!!
5	Stone is another gem in the crown of my recent wood fired pizza fetish. It's a great new pizzeria (a year old) in the heart of a burgeoning downtown. I swear there was no reason to come here a few years ago. I went with the margheria. The fresh mozzerella, basil, olive oil, and house-made marinara were all made from ingredients purchased locally at Penn-Mac (you have to go there), and they were all perfect. But the king was the crust. Freshly made and tossed right in front of us, and fire baked in a flash. The whole thing was made from scratch and on my table in about 8 minutes. The crust was simple, but very flavorful. The texture was crisp, but it didn't cut my mouth. The edges were chewy and bubbly. The best part: this 10"+ (probably more like 11" or 12") was $6.50. Holy sheeeeit. They could have reasonably charged $10 for this masterpiece. Seriously, I would have happily paid that.
4	I absolutely love mortadella bologna and their Genoa mortadella and salami sandwich is simply delish! Great selections of toppings to choose from. Love the choice of adding fresh mozzarella. Haven't yet had their pizza, but it looks fantastic. Will be back.
4	I went here with a friend for their Restaurant Week 2 pizzas + 1 Salad for $20 special (basically getting the salad for free and even a slight discount on the two pizzas). Pizza was served quick and is a delicious thin crust style. Even though this is basically a counter-order style place service was still good and friendly. Also sells beer and location is good, right across from the Point.
5	Staying at the Wyndham across the street. Yelped restaurants in the area and this was the closest one and with great reviews so I decided to try it. I'm glad I did. Staff was super nice and friendly and food was great. I got the Margarita Extra Pizza with a beer. The crust was crispy but yet chewy and the sauce and cheese was great. It was nice and light. Ended up returning for dinner. Got the Torino sandwich.  It was made with their freshly cooked pizza dough!!!!yummy!! The sandwich is huge. Could only eat half. I recommend this to anyone.
3	Kind of reminds me of some of the " quick service restaurants" like Panera that try to do better than your typical fast food at a reasonable price.  That said, it's cheaper than Proper or Il Piazziolo but also not up to their standard.Pizzas were adequate size and tasted good, but once you start throwing on toppings it's really not all that much cheaper than the others that I mentioned.  I suggest sticking with regular pizza if you are looking to save a few bucks and then treating yourself to one of those when you are ready to splurge.
4	The melancholy when your childhood favorite finally gets bested. It's thrilling but heartbreaking and Stone is that for me--the Burgh's new #1, ending Aiello's 15 year reign.It's not the decor or service that does it--Aiello's cramped fluorescent "dining room" and stacked pizza boxes have more charm, and so do the jibes you get from the jokers working there. By comparison, Stone's cafeteria service and decor is as bland as the clean metal tables and transparent as the glass walls. Doesn't help that it was empty on Friday at happy hour.But Stone has beer, and even if it's only Peroni we all know that's a winning combo. And Stone's pizza is just better, plain and simple. The perfect crust is charred well and chewy. The four cheese steals the show, plenty of gorgonzola. It's a white pizza unfortunately, so eat fast or it'll dry out, but it'll stay hot the whole time--sauce cools first. The proscuitto and funghi is another winner and all ingredients work. Meat is definitely fresh and the crust again rocks. More sauce to improve it.The city of champs has a new champ.
5	Delicious! In reading reviews before heading in, we heard that the pizzas we on the small side so we ordered a small antipasto and two pizzas: Vesuvius and Margherita. The salad was very good. It had a good amount of toppings and was enough for two to share. The pizza's were great! The crust was light and airy and the sauce tasted freshly made. Would definitely return here and recommend to friends.
5	First visit, great Caesar side salad, 12" pizza (garlic oil, roasted red peppers, sausage and ricotta and regffiano cheese) in wood oven and drink.  $15.Fast service, will be back.
5	Margarita pizza with artichoke and red peppers, really good, try it.  Fresh, flavorful, I would drive 30 minutes and come back again.
5	So cheap. So delicious. Expect to wait a bit longer than your average slice because your pizza is being stone oven baked fresh to order! I can't believe that a pizza that costs at least twice as much at a sit down restaurant was this cheap, and the service was extremely friendly. Loved it, will definitely return!
5	I'm always on the lookout for great wood fire pizza. This is it. Simple, flavorful, great range of toppings, nice beer selection, and an excellent location next to the Point as well.
3	Got marguerita pizza, Crust is amazing. Flavors good. Hard to eat like a pizza when it's flooded with water from the canned tomatoes. Had to get a fork and knife. Had they used fresh tomatoes pizza would be perfect 5 stars if fixed!
5	I am a pizza nut, a fanatic. I melted the broiler in my oven trying to get it super hot to make better pizza. I still remember when it exploded into flames and thinking how fortunate it was that the pizza was just about done anyway. Enough. This is the first pizza place that has impressed me....ever! The attention to simplicity and great ingredients is stunning. Super fine Italian flour, real moz, and a wood fired oven create wonderful pies with magnificent leoparding (tiny blackened spots on the crust). The staff, and owner Rick, are super friendly and know how to turn out exceptional pizzas with crisp light crust. If you are a Pizza Hut fan don't bother; They don't serve meat lover pizzas. Go at least once to see what a slice of real pizza, made by real experts, tastes like.
5	I walked into a fairly empty room grant it that it was almost three pm. The place is very spacious and very simple- reminded me of the Mexican place-chipotle interior. I went to the counter/cash register and ordered the margherita pizza with extra basil. I sat down next to the window and did not wait any longer than 15 min for my small pizza to come out. It had a soft red tomato sauce with mozerella chunks/slices with tons of basil on top. The sauce was killer- I don't think it came a can because the flavor was softer and not too salty. Reminded me of a very similar pizza I have had at mercurios. Definitely recommend for a quick bite for good food!
5	I had their margarita pizza and it was very yummy. It was a nice clean restaurant and its really a gem in downtown. I appreciate that everything was fresh. During lunch time it can get pretty busy so go early.
5	Like El Pizzaiolo with the brick oven pizzas at about half the price. I would highly recommend trying just the plain one.
4	I'd say the quality of ingredients here are near the qualities of Piccolo Forno in Lawrenceville and Dinette in Shadyside/East Liberty. Personally, I liked the flavors from Piccolo's and Dinette's ovens more, but char flavor is obviously a matter of personal preference. Lastly, I found Stone's crust to be too soft. The toppings fell off the tip of each slice as I lifted it.Stone has a significantly less romantic atmosphere than the other two brick oven pizzerias I have been comparing it too. It's better to take your family (with kids) here. I also think it's a good spot to grab a bite before or after a game (depending on the season). Also, I liked that Stone carriers about 10 options of bottled craft beer.
5	Maybe it's just because my two-year-old daughter and I shared a pizza outside here on a beautiful day, but this was my favorite pizza experience in Pittsburgh. We shared the Quattro Formaggi pie, which was delivered to our table quickly since it only took 90 seconds to cook! Incredibly tasty everything and it was the perfect size for us. The availability of alcohol (in my case, a Sierra Nevada Pale Ale) made the lunch even better. Definitely recommended if you're around Point State Park.
4	I definitely burned the roof of my mouth. I was just so excited to eat my margarita pizza (with mushrooms)! The crust was thin, the sauce was plentiful and the cheese was melty. A perfect combo in my book! I'm not sure if it's supposed to be saucy for Neapolitan pizza, but I kinda liked it that way. I like that they offer beer and wine as well. I especially love those little cups you get your wine in. It matches the aesthetic more than getting them in an actually wine glass. It will be nice once they open the patio, where you'll get a prime spot to people watch and have a view of Point State Park. I can definitely see myself sitting outside on a warm night enjoying some 'za and wine!
4	I had the Quattro white cheese pizza and man was it fabulous! I liked the interior and loved watching him make my pizza from scratch! I would suggest a different method for getting the orders to the tables because remembering which pizza went to which table seemed an issue for the cashier but other than that it was a great experience! :)
5	Simply the best and most authentic neapolitan pizza I've had in the United States! After spending some time living in the same building above them, I can vouch for their uncompromising attention to quality. They will actually refuse to sell to you than give you a pizza they don't believe is perfect! I've seen them buying fresh produce daily, hand chopping their wood regularly and spending up to 6-7 hours before and after they open and close, doing whatever they have to, to make sure when you take that first bite - you're hooked! The pride and dedication is definitely a rare and elevating characteristic that I don't see at most pizzerias. Kudos to Rick and team!
4	Real deal Neapolitan pizza, the wood-fired oven looks great! 6.35 $ for a basic margherita pizza that has good char, some smokey flavor in the chewy dough, a great basic tomato sauce---its a winner!If the pizza bottom was just a tad bit more crispy, it would be gold. Nice soda selections, perfect place to relax after a stroll in the Point.
4	Great stone oven pizza. delicious tomato sauce, perfect mozz cheese, we added proscuitto ontop which just made it that much better.  Small personal pies, but worth the price.  Best Pizza ive had in the burgh so far.
5	Stopped here for a bite and a brew while on my way to the Arts Festival and WOW -hello margherita pizza!  Might be one of the best I've ever had.  The crust....oh the crust.....is so fine and baked to deliciousness....  I'll be baaaaaaaaaack!
1	It pains me to have to write a negative review about this place as I've always thought their pizza is comparable to Il Pizzaiolo.  I really enjoy the pizza at both of these places and Stone is definitely priced better, but alas, customer service is a big part of dining out and they were off the charts in the wrong direction!Ok so the most recent service my boyfriend and I experienced was awful.  We decided to grab some dinner here before heading to a show at the Benedum.  The bf had to use the bathroom and we were told it was for paying customers only - makes sense and we told them we'll be putting in an order.  The guy behind the counter said that the men's bathroom was currently being used since the bathroom key wasn't there. Ok fine - we'll wait until the men's key is returned.  5-10 minutes later, which I feel is a reasonable amount of time to wait, we asked if the bf could just use the women's bathroom given that they have a locked bathroom policy (he drank a lot of water before heading here).  The guy behind the counter seemed fine with it but looked to who I presume was the owner who told us that he couldn't do that.What?!?  What can't you do, give us the women's key which appears to be available since you have the key behind the counter and we had already put in our pizza order so at this point we are paying customers.  The owner proceeds to tell us that there may be women in the bathroom so he's uncomfortable giving a man the key to the women's bathroom.  Ok this doesn't make sense, b/c if it's a locked bathroom policy and they have the women's key with them, isn't it safe to assume that the women's bathroom is locked and not being used.  And if that's the case, can you give a dude a break who needs to take a whizz - he'll be 5 seconds and out of there in no time.  This is what we reasoned with the owner, but he refused to give in saying that sometimes it's not locked...Uh ok, then why do you have a key to the women's bathroom and a supposed locked bathroom policy?!?!  So we sat down at our table waiting for our pizza, and the bf was seething (I was annoyed as well) about the nonsensical argument that took place.  At this point it's about 25 minutes later, and we didn't see a man come out of the men's bathroom.  I'm thinking the establishment should be concerned with whoever is in there b/c that's a damn long time to be in a public bathroom (unless something has gone terribly wrong).  We're basically done with our pizza and all around it was a miserable experience given that the bf was uncomfortable the entire time we were here.  Then auto-magically a woman worker behind the counter hands us the key to the men's bathroom that appears to have been behind the counter THE ENTIRE TIME!  WOW - talk about some shitty service and the staff not paying any attention nor having any concern for a customer who needs to use the facilities.  A few things, we were 100% certain that no man ever exited the men's bathroom so the men's key had been with the staff the entire time.  There were plenty of times that the women's bathroom wasn't being used during the 30-40 minutes we were there where the bf could have popped in and quickly used it.  There were no apologies from the owner.  I was in total shock about the way the handled a seemingly easy customer request.Needless to say, I doubt that I'll ever go here again after this experience.  Yes folks - it was that awful.  I may like their pizza but I'll pay a few more bucks and head over to Il Piz...at least there I know they won't be bathroom Nazis!
1	Bummed!  Sounded so great, but for whatever reason, this pizza place was "sold out of dough!"  What pizza place does that?!
5	Great pizza. Great price. They have a good selection of beer too.
5	I go here because the owner is super nice (not to mention super handsome). He always comes outside to greet my dogs who are, by the way, permitted to dine on the patio. The pizza smells divinely (and my friends give it raving reviews), but I don't do cheese; so the owner always goes overboard to concoct the most amazing of vegan salads for me. He created the oven with his own bare hands, and that makes this dining experience just seem so perfectly Italian. Perfect spot for an informal lunch or late night snack.
1	Great service. Pizza not so good. I'd rather get pizza from pizza Parma. The brick oven pizza from the market district giant eagles are even better.  I really wanted to like this place. My wife and I will not return.
5	Terrific! The reviews are spot on.
4	I came here tonight with a few friends before seeing a musical at the Benedum.  I'd been wanting to try this place, and given the value and quality of food, it fit the bill perfectly!I ordered the margarita extra pizza, and it looked very nice when it came out of the oven.  The flavor was superb--the ingredients were clearly high-quality, including buffalo mozzarella and flavorful, not-too-sweet sauce, and fragrant basil leaves.  For most of the pie, the crust was crispy and well-cooked with touches of char on the edges.  However, my one complaint about this pizza was that it was too soggy for my liking in the middle, even after I'd waited a few minutes to remove a slice.  To be fair, this was my first experience eating neapolitan pizza, so I have no basis for comparison.  Ideally, however, I would prefer the crust to be crispy from the first bite, though I understand this effect can be hard to achieve with this type of pizza. One friend ordered the Del Cafone, since she doesn't care for sauce on her pizza, and was very satisfied with it.  Another friend ordered the Vesuvius, and also enjoyed it, though he found it very spicy--and he grew up in Latin America and has lived in S.E. Asia, so he's no stranger to spicy food.  Based on his experience, I'd only recommend ordering this pie if you have a high tolerance for heat!Service was friendly and efficient.  The decor is sleek and minimalist, though the pieces of firewood between the windows were a nice touch.  Since it was a pleasant evening, we took advantage of the plentiful outdoor seating and enjoyed a great view of downtown PGH and Point State Park while enjoying our pizza.  As we were leaving, we saw a truck drop off a pile of firewood by the back door for the pizza oven, which I noticed is imported from Italy.I only noticed this after I'd already placed and paid for my order, but if you check in via the Yelp app, they offer a 10% discount.  I'll keep this in store for when I return!
4	I got the margarita pizza. It was slightly burnt, but still good. Establishment is a bit pricey. Recommend not going if you are looking for a quick lunch. Service isn't super fast, but the pizza is made fresh.
4	Nice, high quality Neapolitan pizza at a fair price. Excellent crust, great margherita. The food makes it worth dealing with the difficulty of parking downtown. My only qualms were the hot sausage, which tasted far too strongly of paprika, and the busing. With the number of tables and rate of service, this place is crying out for self-busing stations, a la Chipotle or just about every other non-table service restaurant in existence. All said, strongly recommended.
3	Great crust. We had the margherita extra for the 2nd time. A little less watery but still dripping. Needs more flavor in sauce and less water. Still looking for a good margherita in Pittsburgh. I'd say it's comparable to a fast food wood fired pizza but a little better. I'll be back but I am hoping this crust can get some better sauce. It at least shouldn't be dripping from the slice all over while I eat. Last time I was here it was like soup on it and had to eat with fork and knife. So I must say it has improved since April. Drain the damn tomatoes please!!!! I can deal with this flavor it's good but the dripping needs to go. Had the pumpkin ale beer. AMAZING!
5	I quickly became a regular at stone, because of their attention to detail and the quality product they serve. Their service is quick and friendly.  I can be in and out of there before class, or take my leisurely time to enjoy my food with a view of the point and the city.I was a fan of greasy, cheesy pizza smothered in toppings before I was introduced to this authentic style. It has forever changed my pallet, and I can't go back.  It's definitely a healthier option to your everyday pizza.  You can taste the freshness of every ingredient, and the flavor in the dough is like no other I've ever encountered. I've never been disappointed going to this place.  Stone will remain one of my 'go to' spots, and I highly recommend trying it out.
4	It's right across the street from the Wyndham that I unfortunately have to stay at while I travel to Pittsburgh.  Check-in for a 10% discount. The pizzas are thin and have a light amount of sauce and cheese, but they do have a good taste.  I have only been here for lunch.  The prices are reasonable. I saw lots of people eating salads and subs but never had them.
3	Trusted the Yelp Reviews, tried it out. Not very good pizza, crust was burned, that about sums it up. I wouldn't NOT recommend eating here, but keep your expectations in check and you'll be fine.
4	A gem in our neighborhood!Stone can be funny. We've gone there to find them out of dough. That's right, a pizza place that runs out of dough. That hasn't happened in some time, but it's part of the lore of Stone. In short, brick oven pizzas cooked to that perfect edge of blistered and chewy, smoky deliciousness.But the secret is to ask them to make up one of their sandwiches using the pizza dough. The reason I tried this is that they ran out sandwich rolls (see a trend here? Hilarious). Man is it just about the perfect sandwich. It makes Stone one of my favorite places Other pluses, outdoor dining, nice people, good selection of bottled beers, good prices. Please go, we need them to stay open!
5	I was roaming the street of Pittsburgh and came across this place. I'm glad I listen to my stomach and stop! You have the option of certain pizza and if you feel adventurous, then you can create your own personalize pizza! They have a variety of different topping, sauces, oils, and more. The options are abundant, so it's up to your taste buds!  The staff are friendly and helpful.  They really made the experience enjoyable. The pizza is good!
4	This place has all the allure of bar pizza, but in a posh downtown location.  We went on a Saturday for lunch, and split a garden salad and a Margarita pizza.  The pizza is perfect to share for lunch.  If we were going for dinner, I would probably get one just for myself.  Full disclaimer - they ask if you have been there before and if you are new they show you a pan and tell you "all the pizzas come in this size".  The restaurant has a great smell thanks to the wood fired oven that bakes the pizzas.  The crust was good!  Chewy, a little blackened, but not overcooked.  And it was either of the sourdough variety, or flavored well enough to convince me that it was.  They also had a case full of bottled beer with some IPA's, and a few domestics.  The dining room wasn't the cleanest I have been in, and it was a little stuffy.  No doubt from that hot oven.  And you have to get a key from the counter to use the restroom.  Which, given their proximity to the park, I completely understand.  But it take s a little away from the otherwise hip atmosphere.
4	It seems like this place might be a bit of a hidden gem.  I met a friend here before a show with a $20 gift certificate.  I'm guessing they probably do more business during the weekday lunch hours given their downtown location as we were the only diners on this particular evening.  The menu offers several options that all sound very tasty.  We had a difficult time deciding what to order but we finally agreed on sharing the caprese salad and bianca al prosciutto pizza.  Both or salad and pizza were very satisfying, not too heavy.  I love fresh ingredients on an imperfectly shaped crust with just the right amount of crunch.  Stone nails it.
5	Omg. Finally! 3rd times the charm! One of the best pizzas. I've come before and it was soup on a piece of flatbread with amazing taste. Now. Phenomenal! Price amazing. Pizza amazing. Gotta go here! :)
5	The pizza is absolutely delicious and the dough is so incredibly fresh! The staff are very accommodating (I'm a picky eater). I love the caprese salad on spring mix of greens - I feel like I get a strong serving of greens every time! I love the classic bottles of Coca Cola, delivered from Mexico, made w/ pure sugar cane (it has a better taste that offers a special treat from regular Coke). The atmosphere is comfortably casual with an upscale vibe when you look at the wood burning oven and the unique selection of beers and sparkling waters. I live downtown and never go more than a few days without stopping in. It's so enjoyable to sit outside during warm weather too. Friendly people seem to frequent there. It's easy to chat with others, keep track of game scores  (2 flat screen TVs), or simply tune into your own work and/or read the City Paper (delivered Wednesdays).  Bathrooms are always clean and the service is friendly and professional. I only have good things to say about everything  Stone!!
