1	Sorry to anyone who likes this place, but The Keg is a big, fat disappointment - just like the parties with the same name always were back in college. To be fair, we only went for happy hour, but the specialty drink we tried and the appetizer we ordered were both really gross. In my opinion, a restaurant needs to make a good impression at the bar because a lot of people, myself included, try places out by ordering a drink and appetizer or two. Given how bad what we tried was, what incentive do we have for returning for a bigger meal? From the outside, The Keg looks like your run-of-the-mill steakhouse; once we got inside, however, we were shocked at how sleek and upscale the decor was. The bathrooms, in particular, were gorgeous and super-clean. When we went to sit at the bar, we were expecting some really classic cocktails and satisfying appetizers. The happy hour drink special was an orange martini, so I thought I'd try it. My husband got a Heineken (1/2 off during happy hour), which can't be messed up. To eat, we ordered the sliders, which were $9.95; they didn't have any happy hour food specials. The martini was really sweet and tasted like it didn't have a drop of alcohol in it; it kind of reminded me of Sunny-D, which I hated growing up and now wouldn't serve to children if you paid me. The sliders were even worse. They were supposed to be prime-rib sliders, but I would have rather had ground chuck. The meat was chewy and fatty and reminded us of the sausage in an Egg McMuffin (which I like but wasn't expecting on a slider). There were also no toppings like onion or tomato - just a sauce or piece of cheese on each one. Instead of fries on the side, there were just measly little fried onions. Blech. We could have gone to Ruby Tuesday's right next door and gotten better sliders! In the end, we didn't spend more than $22 or so, but being a happy hour fanatic, I know that there are plenty of other places (Latitude 30 is a notable example) where we could go and spend the same amount and get some great appetizers and drinks. We definitely won't be back.
2	We decided to eat at The Keg recently as the nearby Barnes & Noble was the only place in town that had an item in stock that I needed that weekend. We chose immediate seating on the patio rather than a 45 minute wait inside. The misters had been going full force when we arrived, so we thought it wouldn't be too bad. We were mistaken. They are pointed at the arriving patrons, and not on the poor suffering fools on the patio. The initial table to which we were led was completely wobbly, so we asked the server if we could change to one not even 10 feet away. This, apparently, caused a rift in the universe from which the rest of the serving staff failed to recover for the remainder of our time there. We watched several of our dishes walk on by, and bewildered staff take them back indoors, only to return minutes later and ask, "Did you switch tables?" Wow. There are three other tables out here, in completely different stages of their meal. How hard would it have been to figure it out?Anyway, the food was not bad at all. Our beers were cold and tasty. The bread was just OK- hot and crusty, but a little bland and doughy in the middle. My Caesar salad was overdressed for my taste, but Hubby's French Onion Soup was delicious- when he finally got it. The wait was ridiculous, even after our server said she was checking on it twice and a manager did as well. Hubby's french dip sandwich was less rare than he likes (Houston's french dip is his gold standard), but far better than many others we've had. He liked the fresh horseradish a lot. My prime rib was fork-tender, a little fatty, but quite tasty. A storm blew in quickly, with bad winds that forced us indoors to track down our waitress and check. She then ran out to collect the family with 2 young girls and brought them inside. Overall, the meal was about a 3.5, but the service was dreadful. Hopefully for The Keg, this is a new restaurant issue, and they will get their act together. Also be warned that this location is only open for dinner right now, and that many menu items that have been highly recommended by other Yelpers are lunch items available at other Kegs only.
4	I visited the Keg in Tempe on a Satuday evening to reconnect with an old buddy from high school that I have not seen in years.  Overall, the meal was good.  Service was prompt, and they had my reservation.  The Keg has gone out of their way to have hostesses who could double as the models on the Howie Mandel Deal or No Deal gameshow, so initially I figured confusion would ensue.  It didn't.  : )Beer was served cold and quickly when ordered, so no delays on the service.Their appetizer choices were mostly seafood which doesn't help me out.  We got some kind of bowl of cheese and "stuff" and a plate of chips to dip with.  It was ok, but not exceptional.  I hope they turn up the appetizer department to take care of non-seafood eaters.Anyways, the Wedge salad I got was very good.  Drenched in a bit more Blue Cheese than I would have expected even for a Wedge salad, so if you are adverse to too much dressing, you may want to get the dressing on the side.  The steak I ordered was supposedly bacon wrapped, but I could not taste it if it was.  It was a good filet though, and they did cook to my ordered temp on the first order.  Always nice to get it right the first time!The loaded potato and vegetable sides were good, served fresh and hot, again, no complaints.Water refills were well timed and the service did not rush the meal or annoy.This restaurant would only hit a 3 for me, but the manager called next evening following up on my experiences. (They had my phone number from when I made the reservation.)  I think that puts these guys in a good class since they are clearly working on the most important element of any restaurant, the customer service.  And oh yeah, the steak was good!
4	Took a friend to dinner here this past Tuesday.  It was his first visit at any Keg; I've only dined at the Chandler location.  I enjoyed our dinner and conversation, even though we elected to stay at the bar when we could've had our pick of tables and booths.I had received an invite to enjoy dinner for two for $30 (choice of prime rib and sirloin, plus potato and veggies), but when we learned that we could opt to apply the savings (a $15.90 value) towards other selections, we decided to go w/ the server's suggestions of filet mignon w/ blue cheese mousse ($24.95; for me) and sirloin topped w/ roasted red pepper cream sauce and garnished w/ grilled asparagus, lobster, and scallops ($26.95; for him), both cooked to medium.  We were promptly served The Keg's awesome complimentary table bread and butter.  Love it!After about a 20-minute wait, our entrees arrived, and boy, were they beautiful!  I wished I had taken photos!  (I promise to next time.)  While I loved my garlic-studded blue cheese mousse-topped bacon-wrapped filet mignon (Whew!  Try saying that fast three times!), w/ sweet potato fries instead of the standard loaded double-baked potato, it was my friend's roasted red pepper cream sauced sirloin that stole the show!  Apparently my friend enjoyed his meal, since the only things that remained on his plate were the potato skin and a couple pieces of soggy sweet potato fries (the kitchen made a mistake and switched our potato selections).  I will definitely order this dish again, and it'll have to be soon as the entree isn't even on the regular dining menu- it's a seasonal offering.  I really wanted to have a glass of wine, but decided against it as I had a long drive home to look forward to; However, it was a pleasant surprise to find out that The Keg offered Blue Moon on tap, and it was w/ pleasure to savor the few sips off of my friend's pilsner glass.The Keg now offers happy hours, but only on drinks- no food specials :(
4	This was my 3rd trip to The Keg. If you are in the mood for some good steak or prime rib at a semi-reasonable price then The Keg is your place. The Keg is not as nice nor as pricey as the upper echelon steak places in the Phoenix area. It is not Mastros, Capital Grill or Ruth's Chris. The Keg is a very good mid-range steak place. And I honestly can't think of another steak place like it in the same range. If I were in the mood for an excellent, moderately priced steak and didn't want to splurge on Mastros, then I would probably go to The Keg.I split the rib eye and it was more than enough for both of us. The flavor was excellent and they cooked it properly. The garlic mashed potatoes, asparagus, and sauteed mushrooms were also very good. I especially enjoyed the Caesar salad I had to start.
4	I've been here several times with my aunt and friends.  I love how the offer a shrimp cocktail appetizer to anyone that hasn't been there before!  It's a very cool idea!  I avoided trying this place for a while because of the 'chain' factor, but every Keg is truly different.  The decor is great and the menu will satisfy any and everyone!
5	So I understand that I have been missed, with all my wit & witticismn.  Duly noted.  Kiss kiss.  Won't go far again.  Sorry, life called me away.  Mama Yelpie is home again...Thanks, Gabi!!!That said, I live & breathe CO beef.  I hate AZ steakhouses.  The Keg, while pricey, is worth every single penny.  Food is amazing - cooked to perfection.  The appetizer bread, which is what I call it, could be a meal in itself - don't fill up on it.  Every item on the menu looked scrumptious, and was excellent quality - It should be - its brought in daily from outside AZ.  Hubby even had 'The best hamburger I have ever had IN MY LIFE!"  The chef stopped by our table to ask how we liked it.  LOVED is more like, ma'am.  The sides are delicious.  The waitstaff is stellar.  The ambiance, while very dark, is comforting.  What it ain't is cheap - our tab for four adults & two kids topped $200, with drinks & dessert shared.  But, it was a "night out" for us.  And the kids were treated well (a big plus for us) and we left full & happy.  My new favorite "special dinner" place that won't COMPLETELY break the bank & I can wear shorts to, if I really want.  Well, it IS a bar, too...Tee hee...
5	I just love The Keg. Something I like is the consistency of the service, no matter where I go, I get great service and have a great time. This trip I got the Classic Prime Rib meal and followed it with The Keg's amazing Creme Brulee! I think what keeps bringing me back to The Keg is the atmosphere. Whether you have a large group or want to keep it intimate with just a few people; the environment breeds great conversation and relaxing enjoyment. The mix of great food and great friends makes The Keg my #1 steakhouse.
4	I enjoy the Keg. I have been to other locations, but this was my first time at the Tempe Market place location. The atmosphere was very nice and my party and I were able to talk and have a good time. I had some issues with the meal, but in reality I think they were mostly user error. I was going to go for the steak and seafood special, but when my friend ordered a salad, I realized that special did not come with salad. Instead I went for the top sirloin because it said potato and salad - but apparently there is a top sirloin classic. It seems that I ordered the one without the salad. My friend ordered a prime rib and she said she liked it, so I will go with that - but for me, it was under cooked. Prime rib is typically medium rare and pink throughout, but this was solid red like it just came off the Bashsa's shelf. I would have sent it back, but she liked it.The desserts were excellent. Each person in my party had a different one - the coffee ice cream cake, the cream brulee, the chocolate cake and a cheese cake. YUM-OThe service was good and the quality of the food (although not what I was expecting) was very good. I have learned to listen to my friend and not change my mind at the last minute and to read the menu details before ordering :)
4	Pleasant surprise. This place is alot bigger than it appears from the outside and the atomosphere is very inviting and comfortable. If felt that for the money the quality of food was above average the the service was excellent. I would recommend their special dinners that include the salad, steak an potatoe - very good value.
4	Not sure what to expect but it was very nice. It's a chain but at least it's from Canada so it's a little different. :DThe service was very friendly and attentive. The server made a mistake with an entree and he automatically comped it without us asking or fussing. That's service. The food is pretty good too and the prices very reasonable.
4	If your looking for a more casual steak house. Than this place has it for you. Gosh, I want another steak and twice baked potato from this place. Service was excellent.  The restaurant should be relocated to Scottsdale where it belongs.
5	I took my fiance to The Keg. I have to say that it exceeded all my expectations. The service was great, they treated us like we were people instead of a number. The environment was amazing, the lighting, music choice, and seating is what made it that way. Now the food, of course, was amazing. I had the 'Keg Sized' Prime Rib and it was delicious. The garlic mashed potatoes tasted superb as well. My fiance and I had a few Martinis as well. She had the Chocolate Martini and Kiwi Martini which she enjoyed. I had the Water Martini which was fabulous. Overall this place is a great experience. It's casual and intimate at the same time. The cost is about the same you'd spend at a Claim Jumper or any other Steakhouse. I highly recommend The Keg, I know I'll be going back for sure.
3	the food here was excellent the prime rib was one of the best I have ever had  all seemed very well done,I was talked down on my wine selection lol typical steakhouse wine, I did not like the horseradish it was really sour ALMOST not fresh but that was it.I did like the atmosphere but I hate being seated near the entrance too loud, our waiter was grreat and very attentive.It was nice to just sit and relax with my honey.
3	Yes, I'm a vegetarian reviewing a steakhouse, though I have eaten their steaks pre-veg. Their spinach salad is very good and filled with goodies such as goat cheese, dried cranberries, pecans, and mandarin oranges and is only a measly $6. I ordered the trio of sides which included some mushrooms, steamed asparagus and sweet potato fries. Our service was great, which typically it always is at The Keg. Big beers, nice sides, and for the meat eaters great steaks. Steakhouses should just offer a big ass portobello mushroom for vegs.
5	The Keg Steakhouse and Bar was a pleasant surprise!  I was looking for somewhere to meet my friend after work, and happened upon The Keg at Tempe Marketplace.  I love the dark atmosphere inside, and there is also the option of a very comfortable and inviting outdoor patio.  The service was great, the servers were friendly and conversational, and the food was to die for!.  My friend and I ordered the bacon-wrapped scallops and the warm goat cheese rolled in almonds and served with tomato basil salsa.  Both were delicious, but the goat cheese and salsa blew me away!  In addition, for those who drink they have an extensive (and reasonably priced) drink menu, with some unique and interesting concoctions (some day I'll have to try a martini with egg white froth), and wine by the glass is half price during happy hour.  I enjoyed a lovely white zin in the "Keg size" 9 oz glass for only $4.00!  All in all, it was a very pleasant and sophisticated atmosphere, the food was great, and the prices were in line with your typical TGI Friday's or Applebee's, both of which pale by comparison.  Actually, they more than pale, they turn ghastly white and keel over from the pressure of even trying to come close to comparing...The Keg Steakhouse and Bar FTW!
5	Birch gave it "the best steak he's ever had".  Wish I could be there....
3	I went to The Keg for the very first time, last night, not really knowing what to expect.  I arrived with five in my party and since we were there for a relatively early dinner (5:30ish), we only had to wait a few minutes before we were seated.  The restaurant has a nice ambiance which, depending on your company, can either be romantic or relaxing.Three of us started our meal off with cocktails.  One person ordered a draft (which came in a large pilsner), another ordered a classic gin martini, and I was in the mood for something sweet and fruity, so the waitress recommended the "Mango Time."  While the draft beer are served in huge glasses, the martinis are served in standard size, and the frozen drinks are, I think, a little on the small side, relative to price of what you would pay at other restaurants.  I was a little surprised at my drink when it arrived, 'cause it was just plain.  No sugar rim, no garnish of any kind - not even a little sprig of mint.  I guess it's not a big deal, but with the way the restaurant tries to present itself, I expected more.Speaking of expecting more: I expected more TASTE from my cocktail.  Maybe it's just me, 'cause the waitress raved about this drink, but, frankly, it wasn't good.  When I had my first sip, I didn't taste anything until the very end when I detected a faint hint of over-ripe mango.  To the restaurant's credit, though, the waitress was pleasant about it and substituted my drink for a strawberry daiquiri which was pretty good - sugar rim, no whipped cream or strawberry garnish, though. *pout*We decided to skip appetizers (we ordered bread baskets early and filled up - they were like soft, warm, french-bread bagels - YUM)!Before our entrees were served, two of us received salads.  One guy ordered a Caesar salad and I subbed out my Caesar for a house salad with ranch on the side.  The house salad consisted of spring mix with a few thinly sliced cucumber half moons, about four cherry tomatoes that were halved, and a few strips of red and yellow bell peppers.  It wasn't great.  I can't vouch for the Caesar salad, but the dude told me that it was "too spicy."  He wasn't referencing hotness, but said that there was too much garlic.Our entrees arrived and looked palatable, but not as appetizing as I would expect a $25.00 entree to look.  I ordered a prime rib, because the waitress said they were "known for our prime rib," so I had to check it out, as did two others in my party.  The remaining two ordered the sirloin special.I ordered an end-cut, because I enjoy my prime rib medium, leaner, and in my experience, end-cuts seem to have more seasoning.  The waitress said I didn't really have to worry about that, because their prime rib was really lean, anyway.  Well, the huge chunks of fat and gristle on my plate beg to differ.  Yuck.My entree was also accompanied by a baked potato, mixed vegetables, and mushrooms.  The baked potato was so overcooked that the outside was inedible and the inside was so dehydrated that it looked like my potato was empty.  I nearly asked my waitress for a flashlight to go hunting for my potato, until I saw what appeared to be chives peeking through the cave of what once was a happy Idaho spud.Now, the mixed veggies.  Oh, the mixed veggies.  *sigh*  I take some responsibility for this.  I should have asked what exactly "mixed vegetables" consisted of.  It was my fault to ASSume that it would be either your typical California blend or something similar.  The mixed vegetables consisted of bell pepper slices with bits of red onion and snap peas.  I can't really tell how they were cooked because they were kinda mushy, yet some were crunchy.  They were oily, but not oily enough to have been exclusively cooked in oil.  In any event, they were gross.  Also, the mushrooms that came with my meal weren't anything spectacular: boiled button mushrooms.  Big whoop.At the end, I brought home over half my meal (though the waitress didn't pack up my baked potato), as did my mother, so my father had a bonanza when we got home (he had other plans so didn't get to go out with us, lucky him).After reading all of the stellar reviews, and having already visited this place, I'm not really sure why this place is getting raved about.  The food is okay, not great.  They did a good job of cooking the meat to order, particularly our prime rib orders, but the seasoning is a little blah (it leaves a weird aftertaste that I can't quite put my finger on... maybe I don't want to...), the baked potato and veggies were subpar (one of the guests said his twice-baked potato was pretty good, as did another say the mashed potatoes weren't terrible), and the mushrooms were bland.It must be the ambiance and atmosphere that sells this place, because you could get the same meal at Outback for half the price and the food is relatively comparable, with Outback having better salads and mushrooms and The Keg having better bread.
4	Yay, I'm a fan of the Keg Steakhouse. This is my first review after many visits. All my family members like this place. We had my birthday dinner here last month, and today, I took my mom here for a little surprise bday dinner, and yup, just me and mommy. We has a reservation for two at 6:30pm, so we didn't have to wait at all.For drinks, I ordered an Orange Slice Martini, and mom ordered a glass of 6oz Riesling. The Riesling was just fine, but not that fruity if you're looking for a sweet fruity appetizer drink. I liked the Orange Slice martini, freshly squeezed orange and lime juice with 2oz of vodka, just enough for me (usually martinis have 3oz of alcohol?), this one is fruity!We shared the Escargots for appetizer.  This is one of my fav, 6 little escargots with mushroom caps, and baked with garlic and herbs, yum! And the escargots are really big!For our entree, we both had the 7oz Filet Mignon, and they came with a twice baked potato. My medium rare filet was wrapped in a strip of applewood smoked bacon, it added the extra flavor.  It was very juicy and tender, I enjoyed a lot. We didn't leave any room for desert at all, the others were too good :) And the prices are good! Oh, did I mention their bread was really good too?They're having a promotion going during the holiday season, you get a $25 gift card when spend $100+, I got one last time for my bday, so we'll definitely go back soon!
5	My wife and I needed a quick dinner before a wine tasting event at BevMo (excellent event...talk to Jim the manager @ BevMo for details).  Anyway, we sat at the bar.  The bartender (John) was great!  My wife and I can never turn down cheap drinks at happy hour so she had a glass of wine and I had the orange slice martini.  The martini was very good but not strong enough.When you sit down they give you a little bowl of homemade kettle chips.  O-M-G soooo good.  Next time I go I'm just going to order drinks and eat those chips.  We split a Caesar salad which was very good and enough for both of us.  For the main course my wife had the ground prime rib burger and I had the blu burger.  They were both excellent and full of flavor and juicy goodness.  I would definitely order them again!
5	Mallory, thanks for making this trip special for me and my guest!! Yes, it was Christmas Eve. Yes, it was kinda late and I'm sure you wanted to go home and yes, we were indecisive at times, but you gave us comfortable space to let us mull over the menu. You gave us great suggestions for drink pairings, and you were friendly, helpful and attentive when we needed you!Most of all, thanks for reminding me why I love this steakhouse so much. The steak was tender and juicey, the lobster had a great firm texture and was flavorful. Our cesaer saled wasn't drenched in dressing and of course the complimentary bread was warm and soft.
4	You know how you poke fun at people who go to a steakhouse and they order something like chicken or seafood? I'm one of those people, but this time I teamed my seafood with STEAK!They had a prix fixe menu that carried over from their New Year's Eve dinner, but I skipped over that...I have to say, I loved my sirloin and 5 pieces of shrimp. Shrimp was done correctly - not rubbery or charred and *gasp* it was actually de-veined. I can't tell you how I've gone to nicer restaurants and their shrimp wasn't de-veined. So that alone got a little happy dance from me.Food was a bit on the salty side, but it didn't make me have a massive thirst craving when we left the restaurant. Server was friendly and knowledgeable, which was great!Hubby ordered his prime rib, but they didn't have it blue which was the way he wanted it. It's all good, they still brought him out some of the rarest prime rib I've seen in a long time...For an appetizer we ordered bacon wrapped scallops. I am a firm believer of 'bacon makes everything good!' and it did. The sauce that came with the dish was delicate and flavorful. The fresh rolls that came minutes before the entree was served were my favorite kind - light and fluffy on the inside while the outer layer had enough crunch that satisfied me, yet didn't make me feel like I was about to chip any teeth. ;)I can't wait to go back and try some of their other dishes!
3	I gave this location only 3, and not 4, start because it was so loud my server had to literally yell to talk to us. There were 5 of us at the table and it was difficult to hear each other until about 9PM when half the other tables cleared out... we were there 2 hrs at that point trying to hold a conversation on a normal level... it did not happen.Not only was it loud with people talking, being a large high ceiling room so the sound carries, but the music was turned up too... so people probably raised their voices to compete with the music. When the room is packed, turn the music off! I don't see going back to this location if it will be this noisy.I just could not enjoy a dinner with friends this way. It felt like being at a sports bar. I usually go to The Keg in Chandler, and love it - it has none of these issues... it is all about the building design. Chandler = good, Tempe = bad.
3	4 star for the food, 2 star for the atmosphere.So I had to come back here to spend the $25 gift card I got from the end of last year, and still enjoyed everything like the other times. It wasn't that busy when we arrived at 6:35pm on a Friday, and we were seated in less than 5 minutes. I felt I had to order the Chocolate Martini just for my own curiosity since i haven't tried it, so I did, it was pretty good! Definitely got the sweet chocolate taste and looked pretty neat with the little chocolate pieces on top of the ice. I ordered my usual, Filet cooked in medium  rare with twice baked potato, tender and juicy as always. The twice baked potato, on the other hand, was really salty this time, it usually tends to be salty, but this time was a bit over. This time we were seated by the hallway next to the bar, VERY LOUD!!! I was kinda annoyed by the noises so if you wanna enjoy your dinner in a little quieter atmosphere, get away from the bar area!!
4	Awesome, awesome, awesome ! I had the filet with melted blue cheese on top, wrapped in bacon, and it was soo good. Also, I tried there kiwi martini and would highly recommend that. The server was great, and didn't try and hurry us out the door despite being busy. Also, some how the manager got word that it was our first time there and brought us complementary shrimp cocktail, how nice ! The steaks were cooked to our liking and were brought out in a timely manner, I definitely recommend this place !
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food10 *DRINKS*7 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueIf you get anything here at all, let it be the Hipster!  It's one of their very well priced cocktails ($7.50, which strongly buoyed The Keg's value score).  This Hipster cocktail was amazing and I would go back for that alone.  Easy.The steak was great, but the blue cheese add was only okay.  Then the twice-baked potato was also super fantabulous.  And yes, Google Spellcheck, that is a word dammit.However, The Keg almost slipped to a 3-star rating.  A LOW 3-star rating!  I was enjoying the medley of flavors on my plate and in my glass maybe a bit more carefully than my other 6 friends at the table, so when the server cleared all of their finished plates and left me the only one with food in front of myself, i was furious.  I didn't show it, because i wasn't going to kill the festive vibe, but that is Server 101.  Do NOT clear plates until everyone is done!  Otherwise the server is effectively ending the remaining people's meals.  And this isn't the server's fucking meal to end, it's mine!  However, up to that point, and after that point, the service was great.But then Stacy, the manager i think, pushed the Keg up out of that shamepit to eke out a 4-star by bringing us all glasses of milk on the house!  (Don't worry about the details, just know it was awesome.)So the moral of the story is:  "Keg, if you ever ruin a wonderful meal by clearing plates like that again, i'll slap you with a 2-star in a heartbeat.  But until/unless that horrible day comes, I am going to sing Stacy's praises while enjoying your Hipsters like cuhrazy!"Now if only it was easier to get to Tempe Marketplace via Light Rail...
5	The Keg is me and Tom's date-night tradition. Whenever he's in town we try to make at least one trip there. I can't say exactly what it is, but there's an overall feeling that everytime we go it's a great experience. It's a treat and it feels like a treat. We get great food, and a lot of it, we get a nice bottle of wine and a plate of sides to share and then we can just sit back and relax and enjoy it. I think the service is perfect too - waiters are attentive without hoovering. Anytime something goes slightly off, like when the bottle of wine we ordered was out of stock, they always go out of their way to make it better by offering us a desert on the house - which is just really nice. Not that things go wrong very often and when they do it's always something really small. It might be a chain but it doesn't feel that way, it feels special and delivers a quality experience.
4	We had a 10-12 person dinner here on a Thursday and our experience was so great that we brought back another 8 or so for another meeting on Saturday. Both times I had the New York Strip and both times it was fantastic. Great beef, great appetizers, great pours for cocktails. Our waiter the first night was a super friendly dude who was recently married and I'm sure our tab there was big enough to pay for a second honeymoon. Our waiter the next night was a bit more withdrawn but none the less got the job done.
4	I love this place. The steak is amazing. The escargots is amazing. The bacon wrapped scallops are amazing! lol... I'm always a happy camper when I eat here. The atmosphere is intimate, the service is great and while the prices are a bit high, the food is well worth it.If you have family/friends coming in form out of town this is a place to take them. I also recommend this for birthday dinners.
4	Great servers, the steak was not the best, kind of tough. The side dishes are amazing. They used to have a birthday list and you get a free meal but they told me to go sign up on line and I still didn't receive my birthday meal. A little overpriced for this economy, but the service was so good and atmostphere was so excellent, I go back many times.
5	Went here last night for happy hour (M-F, 5-7).  They have a bunch of alcohol specials but we stuck to wine.  It was 1/2 off all their glasses.  They have some decent selections with nothing to crazy or expensive.  I recommend their "keg" size pours which are 9 ounces versus the regular 6.  3 of those equals a bottle, FYI.For food they don't really have anything special on their happy hour menu so we ordered off the regular bar menu.*seared tuna = excellent*sliders = very good*sirloin Caesar  = pretty good but I think it is over priced at $15.I also had like 2 bowls of those chips.  OMFG they are so good.The service was surprising fast and friendly.  I'm used to happy hours where it takes forever to get food and drinks and waitstaff that are flustered.I will be back but I do think they need some better selections on their happy hour menu food wise.  It also wouldn't hurt to have a normal martini or other vodka based drink on the happy hour menu.
3	This review is mostly based off of happy hour.  I haven't really been for dinner service outside of the bar area, so I'll keep my review to what I know.Good happy hour drinks.  Orange slice martini is fantastic, nice and smooth and just the right amount of citrus-y sweetness.  The margarita is quite nice as well, just not as much of a standout as the orange slice.  They have good prices on glasses of wine and beer as well - that being said, we always return to the orange slice.  The bar menu isn't great, but it isn't a detriment either.  Nachos are standard bar nachos with generic chips, overly lime-y guacamole and a light layer of cheese.  Nothing special.  The Prime Rib sandwich is tender and tasty.I do love the house-made potato chips that they serve free in the bar area.  Quite tasty and nicely salted.  Go for the drinks, get a couple snacks - but don't expect too much from the food.  Service has always been reliable and pleasant if not outstanding.
4	I had dinner here with my family last Tuesday evening.  We arrived at 7pm without reservations (they say they only accept "call aheads"), and were asked to wait in the bar area until they had a table available.We waited approx. 10 minutes at the bar, but had a nice time and good cocktails.  Interestingly, after we were seated, my family and I all commented on the fact that there were at least 10 open, clean tables in the restaurant.  Funny, right?Our server, Dominic, provided us with some of the best service I've ever received anywhere.  Next time you visit The Keg at Tempe Marketplace, ask for him.  I know I will.  My wife and I started with a house salad, which they split for us - a nice touch, along with the bacon-wrapped scallops and sweet hot calamari, which the table shared.  It was all delicious, prepared just right.  For our entrees, my wife had the grilled top sirloin, while I had the prime rib.  Both were amazing, prepared just as we requested!During the meal, my wife and I each had a glass of the Pazzo Sangiovese/Cabernet blend.  We both thought it was outstanding - featuring the best attributes of each varietal.
5	The husband and I had dinner here recently, and we were so pleased with everything that we are already planning another visit!Service was excellent.  We ordered the NY Strip and the Top Sirloin.  Both were AMAZING.  They were cooked just the way we wanted and seasoned just right.For dessert, the creme brulee was heavenly.  Highly recommend this place.
5	I'm not going to go into a review of the food here, even though I had steak and lobster, which was incredible! The point of this review is for their bar. Since I discovered and Old Fashioned, I have been looking for bars that serve an excellent one. Well, I found my Phoenix Old Fashioned location! It was almost perfect, the only way it could have been better is if their ice were something other than just cubes. It was the perfect amount of citrus, perfect amount of bitters, and perfect amount of alcohol. I had mine made with Jameson, and I will definitely have another the next time I go. This Old Fashioned destroyed the drinks from Mable's on Main (Scottsdale), Turf (Phoenix), and a number of other places around the valley. This would make a great place to go to dinner and have a few drinks before going to see a movie while at Tempe Marketplace. I have heard the happy hour specials at The Keg are pretty good.
5	Dinner Time Tuesday! Its so cozy! Dim Lighting. Great service, delicious food, priced right. Salad was super fresh! I had the King Crab Dinner, bf had the Steak and Lobster. All was delicious.  For dessert, The BEST chocolate cake I have ever had!! Large portion that came with 2 scoops of ice cream with raspberry  sauce. I love this place!! Will be coming back!
4	I gotta say The Keg is definitely one of my favorite steak franchises.  Food is always good and the steak is done to perfection.  Along with a bottle wine, good company and you're good for the night.  Gotta come back and try out all their appetizers and next time - yes on dessert please :)  The ambience is very classy and low key.  Dim lighting and quiet murmurs hmmm?   Service is top and quick.  I like my steak with a smile :)
4	WOW! Their steaks are amazing. Their Seafood is amazing too!As far as steak houses go, I put this place up there with Morton's and Ruth's. Be sure to try the twice baked potato too!
4	Great atmosphere in this place. Had a huge booth overlooking the bar. Had the prime rib, and was happy with it. Good place, a little pricey, but you already knew that.
5	There are so many dishes that Americans can enjoy, from the good ole' hamburger and fries to a nice piece of rotisserie chicken, but the one dish in general that never ceases to let me down is a nice 12 ounce steak. The Keg in Tempe at the marketplace, although there are many locations around the valley, is one of the higher quality restaurants that serve dishes that include steak. One dish in particular, the 12 ounce sirloin steak has cracked pepper on it, along with spices specifically picked out to make this dish one of the greatest. As you walk into the restaurant, there is a feeling of calmness because of the dim lighting and also the soft atmosphere from the people there. You get a nice warm feeling from them because of the way they are dressed and how they carry themselves. When you are seated, the tables are very elegant, and positioned for the most comfort while you are going to enjoy your meal. They have very spacious booths for the most comfort possible and are very padded for that couch like feeling. I received the meal and immediately was asked to cut into it to make sure it was cooked to perfection, which told me that they genuinely care about how the steak is cooked. As I did this, the juices oozed out and I could see that pinkish center that I know and loved which my mouth and eyes water in joy. I took a bite out of the steak, and like I had imagined, it was the most delicious thing that I have had in a while. Not only was this steak cooked very well and to my liking, but in a good amount of time. Overall I believe that I would return to the Keg because of the excellent meals and the prestige of the restaurant. On the scale of 1-10 I would rate the Keg at Tempe Marketplace a solid 9. I believe that this restaurant is one of the higher maintained than the rest in Arizona, and that goes to show how they take care of customers as well as the quality of the meals served.
4	I went here last night for happy hour / dinner and my opinion of this place is slipping.  Their happy hour drink menu got a lot smaller.  Plus, there are no well drink specials to be found.  Also, the bar area is just too busy for 1-2 waitresses.  It gets frustrating when you have to wait too long for a drink or ask several times for more of those awesome chips.  We probably would have stayed longer and spent more money if it wasn't such a pain to order more stuff.Anyway, we had a few drinks and some appetizers.  All the appetizers are excellent.Last time I went I told myself I wanted to try their filet.  So this time I did and it was just ok.  It wasn't worth $25 and why they wrap it in bacon I will never know.  However, it was cooked properly and was tender and pretty flavorful.  I also had their wedge salad was was excellent.
4	The Keg is a decent steakhouse.  It has bold and modern styling, and the waitstaff are dressed in sleek black attire that is striking.  My wife and I both immediately went for the surf and turf.  What better way to enjoy an evening together at a steakhouse?Everything was cooked to order perfectly, my wife's steak mid rare, and mine medium.  The lobster was perfectly done as well.  The simplicity of the meal was pleasant, nothing outrageous.  Meat, vegetable, potato, soup, salad, drinks.  A fine time.We enjoyed ourselves tremendously, and appreciated that the waitress was attentive, but left us to enjoy each others' company.
5	Fantastic steak, cooked just right.  Tasty appetizers.  Mouth watering desserts.  Tantalizing cocktails.  Romantic atmosphere.  Friendly staff.  Good prices.  The Keg is our favorite date steakhouse.
5	The Keg is a great place to go and spend a special evening with someone. I've dined there almost a dozen times, and even after trying a few more well known or more expensive steakhouses, I continue to go to The Keg. I first went to The Keg when they opened Tempe Marketplace with my boyfriend on one of our vey first dates. It's very modern and dimly lit, which I love. I always request a booth so I've never had a problem with seating or being stuck in a loud section of the restaurant. My experiences have always been quiet with light background music, perfect for conversation. Because it was our first visit to the restaurant, the manager sent over a complimentary shrimp cocktail. Which was actually really awesome because we both love shrimp cocktail. The Kegs shrimp cocktail comes with nice big shrimp, displayed beautifully in a martini glass. And we have ordered it every time since.  We normally get a bottle of wine, The Keg has a good standard selection with fair prices, taking into account that you are paying for presentation and atmosphere. I'm a stickler for wine presentation so I love that for the most part, all of the servers I've had at The Keg know what they're doing. The dinner menu is simple, which is nice. I hate cluttered menus. I always get the Petite Filet Mignon, which is wrapped in bacon. I'll send a steak back if it's not done the way I asked and i've never sent anything back while dining at The Keg. The service has always been excellent. All the servers are friendly and know the menu well. I've never had a bad experience. Actually, I normally have really great experiences where I save the servers name so I can request them another time. All in all I would definitely recommend The Keg to anyone who would like to enjoy a wonderful evening of good wine and great steaks in a modern atmosphere right here in Tempe.
4	I was in town with a group of friends and had a reservation on the recommendations for The Keg Steakhouse by friend of the groups. I believe that not a single one of us was disappointed. The decor is modern and sleek. The wait staff were on top of things and extremely knowledgeable of the menu and recommendations and the food spoke for itself. I had a blue cheese wedge salad and the NY strip with the blue cheese spread and the three mushroom mixture. Cooked perfect to my request, the blue cheese and mushrooms were a great add, via the waiter and the salad was prepared in the classic manner. Great experience especially with a group of 16 people!
5	To be honest, I've never actually eaten a full meal at the Keg. I am a regular, however, and go in to sit at their bar for drinks and appetizers weekly. The Keg offers something that is rare in the Valley: an atmosphere that is conversation-encouraging. By this I mean the staff get along with each other really well, this shows. This is important because this rubs off on customers and allows them to feel as if they are being included in a group. Even more important: their music is kept at a reasonable volume. I have made so many great friends at the Keg and it's simply because I can talk to them. They have great cocktails, an okay selection of wine and an okay selection of beer but I am comfortable getting drinks I've already had a lot because I know I am still going to have a great time anyways!Keep singing,-Jerron
5	I love love love The Keg!! Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!), amazing happy hour, and delicious drinks!!! Can't say enough about this place! Since the first time I went, I've been addicted and have had EVERY special event diner there since... college graduation, anniversaries, birthdays, etc!!
4	3.5 stars, but bumped up to 4 since all of my friends really enjoyed their meals.  I had the filet, and ordered it medium.  It seemed medium well, on the verge of well.. which just didn't cut it for me.  I should have said something.  O-well.  I'd go back.  All of my friends were raving about how good their food was, so I'll just order it rare next time.... Nah, but i'd probably order another cut.
1	This was my second and LAST time to visit The Keg.  The food is always decent, and good selection of cocktails too.  But the service was terrible.  We were seated on the patio along with several other guests, but for some reason our server only had one table on the patio - us.  And she constantly forgot about us.  It took about 30 minutes to get our drinks and place our order.  The food was out in reasonable time (someone else delivered it).  But then no check to see if everything looks good, is as-ordered, nada.  After we got our food, we didn't see her again for 30 minutes!  Our food was gone, but empty plates remained.  Our first round of cocktails was long gone (and we would have had more if offered).  By the time she came out to bring us our check even our waters were bottomed out!  She brought the check with no apology and didn't offer to refill drinks, and left the dirty and obviously empty plates.  We gave her our credit card right away fearing we may not see her again for another hour.  And if you can believe it we sat for another 30 minutes after giving her our card!  At this point, we missed the movie we were hoping to catch and we were not happy.  She came back out to patio, saw us, and rudely asked "did she not bring you the check?!?"... we say, "ummm no" thinking, obvioulsy not, we are still here amongst dirty dishes and empty glasses... she stormed off with a huff and no explanation or apology.  The manager brought out our final check a few minutes later and did end up apologizing for the internal miscommunication, and offered to buy us another round of drinks.  We passed; after sitting for 2 hours at this place we wanted to run far far away.  IMO he shouldn't have charged us for the first round of drinks when he personally ran our card.  But no, he went ahead and charged us full price for everything with only an offer for a couple of drinks.  We will NEVER eat here again.  Terrible service.
4	The Keg gets it right in so many ways, after Houston's this is probably my favorite steakhouse, which is nuts it being a chain and all. The ambiance is calming and romantic, dim lighting with a giant fire and professionally clad waiters, it's almost always booming yet never all that loud. I've had a lot of their menu over the years and still haven't found something I didn't like. Their prime ribs are incredible. Get it rare and just let all that wonderful juice run down your chin... they also have huge potatoes plus some great appetizers like the tempura asparagus, scallops and bacon and escargot. The only thing really lacking here is the beer selection, just the basics around The Keg. But with dynamite service, dishes you'll be licking clean, and an atmosphere that'll put you in the mood, The Keg earns an easy four stars.
4	I'm not a red meat eater, but my best friend was in town and was craving a steak. I had no idea where to take her. Another friend suggested this place because it was close and she had only been here for drinks. We decided to be adventurous and give it a shot. The friend who suggested the place decided to meet us.We were seated immediately and although I was a little disappointed that we were seated in the hallway, next to the kitchen door and across from two other tables that we had to face because our table was horseshoe shaped, the seats were far back enough that the kitchen door didn't bother me. I was still a little conscientious of the other two tables with people staring at us though. Strike one.... horrible table.  Get it out of there.Strike one was redeemed with a fabulous waiter. He was attentive, and we never had empty glasses or plates once we ordered. We received bread, appetizers, salads, entrees and refills with no hitch. I wasn't impressed with the appetizer, but it wasn't their fault. I just can't see myself ever having shrimp with cheese ever again. I thought it was weird when I ordered it, but was curious. Curiosity satisfied.We received our salads and entrees and dug in. My friend's steak was cooked to her liking and loved her seafood with it. She said everything was what she was craving and expecting. Coming from her, that's a huge complement. My other friend was equally happy with her slab of meat.My entree was the chicken oscar, which has shrimp and scallops on top in a Bearnaise sauce. Took one bite of the scallops and shrimp.... oh my. Yummmmm. Scallops were cooked perfectly. I love scallops that melt in your mouth. The vegetables were cooked perfectly. Still crispy, not over-cooked. Then I get to the chicken and this is where strike two happens. The chicken was so salty that I couldn't even finish the second bite. Luckily, I was full from the veggies, scallops and shrimp and mashed potatoes I ate. When the waiter asked if he could take my plate and I said yes, he asked if there was something wrong with the chicken. So, being honest, I told him. At this point, I'm full, fat, dumb and happy so I declined his offer to replace it with something else. Then here's where they redeemed themselves on strike two. Even though I told him it was unnecessary, the manager came over and apologized to all three of us. He looked at me and said he comped my salad and entree and then offered all three of us desserts and coffees on the house. He explained the saltiness comes from the rub the cooks use and he's asked them before not to use so much. I barely heard this because I was still astounded that not only is my entire meal free, but now desserts for all three of us too? And coffee? Who am I to turn down free coffee???Then the manager asked me something I love to hear: Do you have any allergies? WHY YES I DO! NUTS!  He explained that I should not get these certain desserts and offered me all the nut free options. I asked him if I could marry him. It's been too long since someone in a restaurant asked me this before I could say something.I would go back for another dinner. I know how to modify my meal to my satisfaction now. I would also recommend this place to my friends and family.
5	Always exceptional service and food. The Caesar salad is great, and the New York steak is always a winner. It can get a little loud, but that all depends on the crowd that is there -- small, intimate booths are available, but there is a fairly large open area as well.  As for the bar, the drinks are poured string and there is a large selection of house drinks and wines. They treat kids very well, but this isn't the place to go for a $5 kids meal.
4	A non-red meat eater walked into The Keg....that's how my story starts!  I am not known for making trips to a steakhouses but I have to say I like this place.  The staff are super friendly and are eager in helping you make a selection of drinks or food.  I highly recommend the Strawberry Lemonade!  Supposedly there's Gin in this drink but I did not taste a drop!  I tried the Teriyaki Chicken with a yummy pineapple cilantro salsa!  I chose the Twice Bake Potato as my side....omg there's bacon it!  This was amazing and I need the recipe!  They don't have a bad happy hour menu.  I won't change my non-red meat eating ways but I will continue to visit the Keg.  *Side note: Yes I eat bacon.  I don't eat Red Meat by choice and not for a cause.
4	I've never actually been here for an actual meal but I've been here a few times for business happy hours.  The sliders, bacon wrapped scallops and calamari are all awesome.  They have a decent beer selection too.
5	I just had the most delicious 8 oz. sirloin for dinner and the best part is...I got it to go!I just got back from spending a month in New York City (where there are no The Keg Steakhouse and Bar and I was sad). The Keg was the first real meal I've had since I got home.The staff greeted me immediately. The manager was very nice, helpful, and was in a chef's jacket which means he himself cooks.My steak was cooked perfectly to medium rare. The oversized healthy vegetables were great and the garlic mashed potatoes and side cesar salad complemented the entire meal well.I literally just finished eating and was so pleased I had to post here on Yelp. It's a little pricey, but it's worth it. Bon' a petite!
5	I love the hell out of some steak! That being said, I'm giving this place 4 stars for their food and the extra star by itself for their service. I went here with a group of friends for their birthday dinner (a party of 10) which was not a problem at all. The restaurant was very nice and at the risk of being cliche and corny - had a great dinner ambiance. It's not too dimly lit and tables are far away enough for you to have some space with your party. I've been cursed with excellent hearing and being easily distracted with background noise, which means I can usually pick up on couples fighting at their dinner table right away. Though it can be quite entertaining, it is also very annoying. The food was excellent and our entire party enjoyed their meals as well. I ordered a bruschetta appetizer, caesar salad, and the top sirlion with garlic mash. Our server was excellent and very attentive to our party...then to top it off they gave the birthday guest free dessert along with a birthday card from the staff. It was a small gesture, but certainly appreciated! I will definitely come back here.
4	Great place!  Took a little work to figure out getting a reso but when I did everything was smooth sailing.  They took great care of my kid ( bonus points duh) BUT we were smart enough to make my reso early to be the first turn.  Food was great, wine pairing (my choice) was great. Take advantage of the Cammeron Hughes selection - I didn't know that was available until too late but I did not feel bad about the Bella Glos selection at all.  We will be back, we will request the same table, very easy nice outing for a celebration...
4	Really good meal, spinach salad was nice and cold fresh greens good amount of Feta, pecans, and crasins and correctly dresses. The entree the 7 oz filet was a perfect medium and I got it topped with the shrimp and scallops with bernaise and everything was nice and hot and correctly cooked. The garlic mashes potatoes had lumps in them Yumm. The bread was wam but the butter Rock hard. The one thing that did bug a little bit was when I asked the server what their favorite item was it was recited like they had memorized it and it was part of the routine not from the heart. I would come back.
5	This place Knocked it Out of the Ballpark !!  THANK YOU !I walked in the door and was greeted by a very professional and seasoned hostess.  I was given an option of the dining room or lounge which ironically is why I was at their restaurant.  I was not offered such in one of their competitors restaurants just shortly before.  I'm glad I decided to walk out of that place and come to The Keg.The food was phenomenal and the service even better!  I had the Prime Rib.  Everything from the Wedge salad, dinner bread, entree and sides were nothing short of awesome!  The service was so incredible that I tipped the server 50% of the check.Thank you The Keg ... I'll be back soon !
2	4 of us went to dinner tonight at The Keg.  Megan was our server, she was awesome.  2 out fo the 4 of us order the Foundation Special, it was Prime Rib and prosciutto wrapped shrimp.  When our meal came out there was this odor coming from the 2 plates.  The prosciutto wrapped shrimp had a very strange odor.  It smelled like WET DOG! BAD! to the point that we didn't want to smell it anymore, and it kept wafting towards us.  At the end of the meal we had the shrimp set aside, 2 tried the shrimp, NASTY, it tasted like it smelled.  We informed Megan and she went and got the manager, she agreed with us that it smelled gross.  JOSH the manager came over and said "I expected this, I thought it smelled funny!"  My husband asked him "why did you let this come out to our table if you noticed the smell?"   Josh was a douche about the whole thing.  He took off both meals, still he did not own up to his "management" mistake, Megan you were very nice and a great server so thank you, JOSH get your head out of your ass and do you job.  If you keep sending out nasty food, you wont have a job anymore!
5	This place rocks for its:1) cool setting2) great happy hour3) food qualityYou'll see me there again...if you want cheap, the bar HH is great.  If you want a great steak, well have a seat in the restaurant.
5	Great service, I didn't get steak from here (yes, I know...a steakhouse), just got the Zesty Thai Salmon. The salmon was awesome with the chili mayo, baked potato, and asparagus. Can't wait to go back to try their other dishes.Thank you Kathy (owner) for taking the time to send me the name of the dish! Had to update this review and rating because of it :D
4	Service was wonderful, as was the atmosphere, but I found the food lacking...We showed up and were seated immediately. Our group was waiting for another individual, so we looked through the drink menu (Coors Light on tap as a featured beer, seriously? WTF) and ordered our drinks while we waited. I ordered a Mojito and was expecting greatness, but was SO disappointed. The drink was super bland, no sweetness or mint flavor. Sad way to start out the evening.Our fourth guest arrived and we ordered our appetizers (Calamari and Escargot) and ordered a bottle of wine for our meal. The Wine list was disappointing, but the wine we chose ended up being suitable. The Calamari was alright, not as crispy as I would have liked, but a nice flavor. The Escargot was also decent, but the flavor was a bit off. I had ordered Prime Rib with a Twice Baked Potato and shared the Truffled Mac & Cheese with a friend. The Prime Rib was very tasty, but also super fatty and didn't have a nice char on the outter edge - which happens to be my favorite part of the prime rib. The Twice Baked Potato was alright, but nothing special. The Truffled Mac & Cheese was made with truffle oil and was actually very delicious... I wish I could have eaten more of that!For dessert, we shared a Brownie Sundae and the brownie was glorious! I wish the ice cream could have matched it, but no worries... delicious brownie ftw.The atmosphere was great, as was the service. All and all, the experience wasn't horrible and I would likely be back and order a steak and some mac & cheese with no drinks from the bar.
4	OLE for their horseradish!!! If you want a real respiratory clean up, ask for an extra cup.I was lucky to be invited by a friend to have dinner. Yes very pricey for a student budget, but we made it! I had one of their meat sandwiches. The meat is the target! it came with broth on a side and I had the garlic mashed potatoes. My friend had the tandori chicken she so much loves.Service is OUTSTANDING!! Just wish they could put more light into it...why this steak houses have to always be soo dark!??
4	Great Service and Management.  Great ribs and cocktails. BBQ Chicken is salty to me. It's a wonderful up scale pace no matter where you visit a location. Will return for Steak.
4	Good happy hour with large portions. Try the margaritas
4	It's a chain, but a pretty good one...I've eaten at this Keg a few times, but there was a Keg back home north of Seattle that we'd go for special occasion family dinners sometimes, so The Keg has always held a special place in my heart. You'll get a very good meal here. Not to the level of a Fleming's or Morton's, and not even close to a City Hall experience, but you also don't pay anything close to what you pay at those places, which is nice. Two people can have a nice dinner and a glass of wine each and get out for $75 + tax and tip. I typically get the filet meal with a Caesar salad and twice baked potato. They also have good ribs, and my wife had the prime rib once and seemed to like it. The "Keg Dinners" are the way to go, since they're all under $30 and come with a steak, a side and a salad. None of the a la carte stuff that kills you at other steakhouses.Service is always attentive, even if you sit in the bar area, which makes that a nice option when it's a 45 minute wait. The drinks are good, and their desserts are tasty and well priced. We've had the creme brulee a few times, and it's quite good.It's really close to where we live, so we're here occasionally. There are better steakhouses out there, but The Keg is a really good one for the money.
4	From the start I had a bit of a chip on my shoulder from the reservation making process. Monday morning I find out that I need to make a reservation for 8 people for dinner that night, at 5:30 or 6 p.m. So I quickly get on the phone with the Keg who's answering machine says they are closed but to leave a message and someone will get back to me. Well 5 hours later no one had called me back yet, so I tried again, same thing, I pressed "zero" thinking maybe this would work, it did, I got someone in an office somehow. I explained to them what I needed and had been waiting for a phone call back for hours. He didn't seem very concerned, and took my information again, and said someone would call me back. Great! More waiting around. Business dinner, kinda important people, cant wait around all day. So I wait, and the hostess calls me back about 15 minutes later. She had a bit of an attitude. She mad it seem like a hassle for us to want to be coming in for dinner. I wasn't sure how quickly we would be able to get there and it might be closer to 6 than 5:30, this was unacceptable to her, "Its going to have to be 5:30" Again I explained we would be there as soon as we could. Hello! 8 people, business dinner, one check, minimum $40 a head, what is the problem? You say great see you then and hang up, don't give me shit! I can just as easiyly take the group somewhere else. She told me that the servers would be standing around wondering where the table was and that is why we had to be there by 5:30, NO! Sorry we are not here to cater to the server, Ugh! Sorry done ranting but it was very rude, and for the money we planned to spend I really don't think I needed to deal with the Spanish Inquisition to make dinner reservations. Whatever, long story short, we showed up when we did, sat down when we pleased, all was okay in the world. Dinner was fantastic! The server was a doll, helped to suggest a great wine, walked us through the menu perfectly. Everything was essentially seamless. The timing was perfect! This is  probably one of the hardest things to get right in a place like this, and they nailed it. So all in all, even though the hostess gave me a hard time, we had a blast. Thank you!PS: Get the mushrooms and garlic mashed, with whatever cut of meat you get, they are all good!
5	I've dined at the Keg twice and both times left very pleased, this last time was exceptional.The service was incredible throughout th meal, the food was superb (I very highly recommend the rib steak), the sirloin Oscar my wife ordered was accompanied with the most excellent scallops I have ever tasted (though the shrimp was slightly over salted, my only critique). Again, maybe the best dining experience I have ever had, which says a lot. Well done.
4	Took a client to The Keg @ Desert Ridge for dinner and was happy overall. The tempura asparagus....YUMMMM! The patio is nice except for the uncomfortable unpadded chairs. The wait staff was attentive and friendly (my male client appreciated the short skimpy black dresses, therefore, so did I;)If you want a decent meal that doesnt feel froo froo , good choice.
5	We came here last night for my girlfriends Birthday.Lots of parking as well, we got one front and center.  It was really good.First time at this location.        We were greeted right away and given a very nice booth for 3. For a starter we got the fried Calamri,excellent!  WIne was good as well as the martini's//. Dinner was fabulous,we all 3 got a different steak and all 3 were cooked perfect and tasted great!  The bread could be better but, they do use real butter.Our waiter was Matt and he explanied all things on the menu,another plus. We had a great evening. Can't wait to go back.
4	Many people have recommended that I try eating at The Keg, but the thought of yet another upscale chain steakhouse was kind of a turnoff.  The food is usually great at places like this, but the lack of uniqueness is a bit a of put off.  While I won't say that The Keg offers anything more spectacular than rest, the service was awesome.A big group of us celebrated our friends' engagement at The Keg.  Two servers handled 16 people in spectacular fashion.  Drinks were flowing, food was always on the table, no orders were screwed up (quite rear with a group this size), and they even separated the checks by couple without a fuss, and the Keg did not automatically add a gratuity to the check (while I understand the practice, I prefer a server actually work for their tip).Most importantly, my steak was good, and not overpriced.
5	I made reservations for a group of 21 based on the Yelp reviews.  The service and follow up was great, we changed the time and the number of people a few times but Kelly always handled it very well.  We ordered off the full menu, had many appetizers to start, full dinners, desserts and drinks.  The service was great and so was the food - everyone seemed very pleased with the selection (some vegetarians) and timing of the meals - sometimes in a large group the food doesn't come out together but this wasn't an issue.  It is always hard to plan a dinner in a city you are not familiar with, but I would recommend The Keg to anyone in the area or anyone planning to visit Tempe.
5	This was a really great dinner.  There were 7 of us in town from the Bay Area for Spring Training.  I looked this place up on yelp.On a Saturday at 4:30pm we called for a table for 7 that night and we were able to get a table at 7:30pm.  The hostess asked if this was a birthday party and I mentioned that it was my friend's Bachelor Party.We were seated by Chelsea, who was super nice. She gave a very descriptive and effective summary of the menu and all its options.  Plus in realizing that weren't local she gave us suggestions for places to hang out.The steak was awesome, I had the prime rib lobster combo which was great.  When we all got our food, Chelsea came by to check whether our steaks were cooked at the level we all wanted.  The side dish I chose was the twice cooked potato (I'm a big fan of potatoes)... can't go wrong with a potato that has bacon stuffed in it.We also split some appetizers.. I particularly loved the bacon-wrapped scallops and the baked shrimp.And throughout the night different servers came by to congratulate the Bachelor.. all of them were very friendly.
5	A definite hit with our party of 9. Seven hungry minor leaguers were well fed and sent back to the field happy.  We'll hit this place again next spring training.I looked up the other reviews first and the steaks were cooked to perfection, delivered at the same time no small feat for large groups.  Twice baked potatoes were very tasty.  The service was very attentive and helpful, even with our two Dominican players and their limited english.
4	The Keg is a very upscale restaurant that definitely exemplifies fine dining.  The wait staff is very attentive and the menu has a lot of appealing dishes on it.  I ordered the 12 oz prime rib with the twice baked potato, at the waiter's recommendation.  The prime rib probably wasn't my best match since it was a little too fatty for my liking and had a very natural flavor to it, while I think I would have preferred something a little more seasoned.  The fried onions on top were delicious though and gave it a nice complement.  Also I probably could have gone with the 10 oz, it was a lot of food!  The twice baked potato was amaaaaazing, at least in the few bites I could manage to sneak in while working on the meat.  The baseball steak and dungeness crab cluster also tasted delicious (someone else at my table ordered that).  The baseball steak had great flavoring on it, and was what made me realize that mine was a little bland for my liking.Really great food overall, and definitely a great "special occasion" restaurant to go to.
5	Went there after the movie  on a Friday night. This was part of a group and they actually let us reserve the entire patio! What a concept someone who wanted to work with a group of folks.The food was amazing. The bacon wrapped scallops were awesome, the chicken wings excellent with a little kick, the batter idami yummy...the pizza also very good. The drinks were very generous in portions, you got to mix your own. They brought a glass of Crown and ice each time, I got add how much Pepsi to add. Saw that with others....so if you ended up thinking "straight up" there was that option. The servers were plentiful, and the drinks came quickly. I wandered inside at one point to watch the end of the hockey game and observed the bartender and how it was all run. What an art form, these folks were moving but at no time was there a hiccup, and the food that passed by us from the kitchen area was also amazing. I will be coming back here and would highly recommend this place to any group where you want to just sit back an relax and be pampered...and leave with a tummy full of yummy.
2	The place has so much potential, there are so many great options on the menu and the pricing seemed reasonable.  However, nothing was right..The complimentary bread they served was pretty good, but the butter had no taste.  It tasted a lot better when I added a bit of salt to it.  We got the nachos to start and added the spicy chicken - the chicken was not so much spicy but VERY salty.  Everything else was average - chips with shredded melted cheese that wasn't melted all the way through in some areas, a sprinkling of tomatoes, olives and jalapenos.  The plating was cute with little tortilla chip cups to hold the sour cream, salsa and guacamole.  But I definitely wouldn't get the chicken again.  The caesar salad was pretty good, but wasn't tossed well and the pieces of lettuce varied widely in size.  The dressing was pretty good though.We also got the prime rib with loaded potato as a side.  We asked for medium but it came out medium well - no pink whatsoever, no juice.  The horseradish that comes with was straight up grated root, and the au jus tasted too strong - like brown gravy.  We added shrimp to our plate - the shrimp was actually pretty bland although it looked great.  The size of the shrimp was great, just needed a bit of salt.  Actually we started eating the shrimp with little bits of chicken from the nachos to even them out a bit.For desert we got the icecream pie - mocha ice cream on chocolate crust with almond shavings and syrup on top.  It was decent, but the ice cream had a bit of freezer burn feel to it.  It was detracting, but not terrible.All in all, this place had all the makings of our new favorite steakhouse and happy hour place but it disappointed every step of the way.  The patio is nice, but the misters are either spraying right on you or not at all, the music on the patio competing with the music from the mall speakers will drive you crazy and the service is very slow.
5	I cant believe we've been to The Keg (this location actually) at least 3 times, and I've never reviewed it!  We took our friend Ben to dinner here this past Friday night, as a thank you for all he's done for us in preparation of the birth of our son.  7pm on a Friday night and we were seated immediately.  The irony of our table location was, our server was also pregnant!!  LOL  Great service.  Great food.  Can't wait to go back again!
1	Ok so where do I start. I come here every year because of Spring Training. I always come out with my wife but this year we brought the kids. 6 year old and 1 year old. We were seated timely but it all went bad after that. The restaurant was empty and my daughter had just purchased a toy.  As she was playing with it while we were waiting for our food, the manager comes up to our table and asks us to have our daughter stop playing with her toy because it was making noise.  Keep in mind, the restaurant was empty and not many customers.  It was a Monday night for crying out loud. This has turned me off to The Keg and they have a lost a valued customer based on the manager's lack of tact.  Every year for Spring Training, I will now have to look for other options.
4	mmmm, Canadian comfort food!We're huge Keg fans, and when we moved from Canada to Tempe earlier this month we had to take the kids to the Keg.  I love how consistent they are with the quality of service and the extras for the kids.  The service is a little lacking compared to most Canadian Kegs I've been to, simply because the staff seemed so much younger and less professional, but it was still really good.  The food quality was excellent, but the portions are very Canadian (read: smaller than US portions) while the prices are still what you would expect from Vancouver yet in an area where the cost of living is about 1/3rd.  For the money, I'd probably rather hit Ruths Chris..minus the kids :)
5	I have been here several times and always had a good meal and experience. Price wise I would say its a little bit more than Outback but not much and the meal will be better guaranteed. I usually get the prime rib with mashed potatoes and vegetables, I leave with a happy belly every time. I start off with a shrimp cocktail which is tasty also. I have to say this place is better than most I have tried including Shulas. The place itself is warm and inviting with a modern look inside, dress nice and enjoy.
4	Being someone who is not a fan of red meat, I don't go to steak restaurants very often.  But my best friend wanted to eat here and she was buying so... kind of a no brainer.  Our waiter, Damien, was very helpful.  I asked him for advice on different steaks, he asked how I like mine cooked, I told him well done (steak lovers, don't criticize, I prefer my meat NOT mooing!).  He recommended the New York strip so that's what I got.  It was very tasty and the baked potato I had with it was fabulous.  My friend however, ordered filet mignon, which was so rare it pretty much should've still had hooves and a bell around its neck, but she likes it that way apparently.  Hers, however, was a very bad cut of meat - it had this massive section of fat in it.  Even the waiter was appalled.  He had the manager come over to check it out and the manager gave us free dessert and took some money off the price of my friend's filet.  We had the brownie sundae for dessert and it was delicious!  I wish I could've eaten more of it!  Overall, my meal was really good.  I wish my friend had gotten a better filet but then there wouldn't have been free dessert and I am certainly not going to complain about free dessert.  Despite not being a huge fan of steak I would definitely go back to the Keg.
5	Amazing!!!! The food and service was awesome! Highly recommend this restaurant.
5	In town from Calif for a conference.  Craving steakhouse, and found Keg as one of the highest rated, so decided to give it a try.  Brought a bottle of wine, assuming they can provide corkage.  General Manager, Bobby Price, very tactfully explained to me that wasn't an option, due to liquor license specs, which is surprising, but fine with me.  They stored my wine bottle in their temperature controlled wine cooler.Enjoyed an excellent steak dinner, with wonderful wines available on their list.  Prime rib for me, filet mignon (plus some tasty bernaise sauce) for the wife, and the sliders for my 8 yo daughter.  I tried the sliders, and initially thought it was steak, since the meat was very high quality.  Amy, our server, was excellent and attentive, but not intrusive at all.  Ended up going the full nine yards, including a complementary app (bacon wrapped scallops), all the way to a decadent brownie sundae, enjoyed with some cordials (glenmorangie for me, and a generous glass of tawny port for my wife).  When in AZ, we'll definitely plan to come back here, mainly for the excellent service at all levels, along with some of the best steakhouse-style food we've had.
4	I have passed by this restaurant many times visiting Tempe Market Place. I am quite upset that I did not venture in sooner. This place is wonderful! As we walked in we were greeted by very friendly staff members, and were seated right away. It was nice to be at a restaurant to where you receive service as soon as you are seated. We were able to order a few drinks and an appetizer as we looked over our menu. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu, and even suggested a few options since we were new to the restaurant. Our food came out pretty quick, and was cooked to perfection. Not only was the steak I ordered cooked to my liking, it was juicy and full of flavor. On top of my potato side dish I also received a few veggies. I am not a huge veggie person, but the asparagus and the grilled peppers were a perfect combination with my steak. Pricing wise The Keg isn't too expensive, but it's higher up there. If you are looking for a great steakhouse and are willing to pay a little extra for flavor and a nice setting, this place is definitely worth trying.I will be going back very soon!
2	I went to The Keg last night for the first time, and I was a little disappointed.  I ordered the filet and lobster tail, and everything on my plate came out over-cooked.  I asked for the filet to be cooked medium rare, and it came out unevenly cooked -- half was well done and the other half was medium well.  The asparagus was so over-cooked that it resembled the pressure cooked stuff that comes out of a can.  I couldn't eat it.  The lobster was the best thing on the plate, but even it was a bit rubbery.  Even if they had cooked my food correctly, I'm not sure the experience would have been much better.  The food quality is only marginally better than Outback, but the price is much higher -- more like an upscale steakhouse. If you are looking for something that's a little better than Outback, then this might be the place for you.  However, since your already paying upscale prices, I would prefer to go to somewhere like Morton's, Ruth's Chris, The Palm, or Donovan's.  At places like these, you pay for quality and you actually get it.  I'm not sure I'll go back to The Keg.
5	This place is a lil bit of awesomeness! The food was great, the service was awesome, and the atmosphere was very nice! What's not to like about a great steakhouse that serves great food and provides awesome service.
2	like to go 4 stars or more on it...the atmosphere an service were great...food left many unanswered questions....escargot had some of the biggest snails we have had in a long time and the price was right...girlfriend and I could not figure out the sauce...I thought curry she thought mustard but we were told ginger...ok well ginger would make no sense anyway...just a simple garlic butter please....Cesar salad was crisp and clean but i doubt an anchovy was within a few miles of it....Calamari was nice but sauces didn't go with it...the ginger one may have but too sweet...orderd a pepper steak...we both thought a nice green peppercorn sauce but the steak was covered in large pieces of cracked pepper...manager was good enough to replace with a plain cooked steak but still a little salty...had the waitress bring a sample of the Bearnaise for the calamari but not sure there was any tarragon in it or that it was even a hollandaise  to begin with...beer and wine were nice value...butter was whipped and lacking in flavor...so get a real chef to work on the menu and you got a 4+ rating I'm thinking...
5	My friend had the baked halibut with a twice baked potato. He loved them both. I got the top sirloin with rice pilaf and mushrooms. Everything was excellent. As soon as I ried the rice I knew I made a good choice. wild rice with tons of flavor. It went really well with my steak. Nothing but good things to say about the entire experience. My dinner was only $25 which was very reasonable for the quality and portion. 2 people dinner 1 drink each was like $72 plus tip. If your in the area I would defiantely give this place a try.
3	I really like this place but they screw up some easy things which I think is problematic. When my cousin and I got there, we were eventually greeted by a server who was super casual. Don't get me wrong, I don't need pomp and circumstance, but when the kid at In N Out is more professional, then Houston we got a problem.Secondly for some crazy reason, the booth behind ours had about 25 outdoor seat cushions stacked up. I know they are for outside, and need to go somewhere, but this is Saturday night at 7. Put them AWAY. They spent thousands of dollars on ambiance, only to ruin it with a stack of cushions? Weird.Ok KEG, those are some issues that need work. The food was good as usual, but it's not enough to carry a sketchy service otherwise. Ironically we chose KEG over Durant's which in retrospect- was a grave error.
5	AMAZING service. My filet was outstanding. My friend's was slightly overdone for her taste. We didn't complain, but the waitress overheard us talking about it and the manager came over and made my friend have a second one, mind you she was already 90% done with the first and would have been totally fine with it, but he insisted. It's pricey but you more than get what you pay for. (Full disclosure, I'm from New York and it seemed cheap to me, but I guess around here it was a lot) if I lived in Arizona, I would try to eat here once a week, but I would make sure I took a dump across the street at Ruby Tuesday. THAT place sucks and should be shut down.
4	Outstanding food and service. We met the nicest server Courtney and always try to sit at one of her tables. The manager very friendly and kept checking on us. We always start with the Santa Fe Chicken Dip never enough!The filets and prime rib have the best flavor. My husband loves the lobster.Great romantic atmosphere. We look forward to our next dinner.
5	One of my favorite places to go.  Last three things I have had (prime rib, filet, and new york steak) had been amazing.  One thing I was not a big fan of was the baseball sirloin.  For having several locations in Phoenix area, they keep the quality high.
5	Incredible food and outstanding service! Everyone that worked there was just as nice as could be. I got the pecan crusted sirloin and my husband got the rib eye. They were both delicious and came out at perfect timing. The prices are decent and definitely well worth it for the great experience.
5	Great food, great service, great referral to visit this location.
1	We read all of the Yelp reviews, and also received good recommendations from friends for The Keg. The week before we  had dinner at Mastros and Modern Steak, both of which were amazing. The Keg...terrible. I had the BBQ chicken & ribs. They were very very dry and when they came out it looked like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for 20 minutes. The ribs were super tough and hard to get off the bone. Taste was awful. My girlfriend had their filet on the special menu. She managed a steak restaurant so she definitely knows how to order...so she requested medium rare "plus" (between medium rare & medium). The waiter said they had an "alarming" amount of people send their steak back when ordering something special like a plus, so he encouraged her to go with medium rare. The only thing alarming was how undercooked the steak was. Beyond rare. Cold in the center, not even a little bit close to medium rare. The steak didn't have very good taste at all. The best thing we had was the twice baked potato. Also, it's funny that they call this restaurant The Keg and they only have like 6 beers on tap, no microbrews or interesting beers.In summary, if you are looking to have a really nice dinner and spend $20-35 per plate, I think there are MUCH better restaurants (Modern Steak was great...and can't compare it to Mastros since that's in a league of their own). Hope this is helpful...
4	Met a couple of friends for dinner last night after the softball games in Tempe. AZ. I called to make reservation for 6:30 the the same day. When we got there the place was packed, so we checked in and were seated right away. I had been to a Keg Steakhouse in Seattle a long time ago and it was not so memorable. Last night every thing was very good. 3 ordered the the prime rib and the other ordered the the Winter Menu Black Cod. We started with some scallops and bacon and garlic shrimp both were so small you had to eat them with tooth picks. But the dinner gets better as the evening progressed.The prime rib was terrific as good as any Lawry's or house of Prime Rib. It comes with the Aus Ju on and a super spicy horseradish on the side. The beef was perfectly cooked. The Black Cod was good too. The dessert that we all shared  was a huge piece of rich chocolate cake with two scoops of vanilla ice cream with some raspberry syrup. It was yummy.The service was great and the bill was even better $140 with drinks w/o tip.
4	A dear friend was in town and loves the Keg but doesn't have one in his town. We ordered the brie for an app and it was small but good. It came with little pieces of toast and some jelly and pesto. He had a sirloin, oscar style with asparagus,crab,scallops and bernaise. I had the short ribs. The server,Hannah, was fantastic. She mixed up my side, which wasn't her fault as I changed my mind 3different times ( mashed....no..wait, twice baked...no...regular baked...no...twice baked etc...) but she remedied the problem right away. My friend is a manager at a high end steak house in Tahoe and when he complemented her, she informed us that it was only her second week! She kept up on his coffee, which isn't easy, brought everything in a timely manner and was super friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed our time there and will definitely be back.
4	I've been here 3 times in two weeks and I have not been disappointed. The steaks are cooked perfectly each time and the vegetables are fresh and grilled with enough snap left in them to explode with flavor. The service is fantastic. The wait staff are very courteous and knowledgeable and each time we've been here the manager has come by to check on the service. Oh, and if you like mixed drinks, they serve a nice Tanqueray and Tonic, with the Tanq delivered in a glass with ice and line while the tonic is served in a separate mini-carafe so you get fresh bubbles in your drink. This is definitely going to become one of my musts anytime I come to AZ.
2	3 girls on a thursday night decided steak sounded necessary.as two of us waited for the 3rd girl to arrive our waiter stops by and says 'when is your friend getting here? i don't want to explain the menu a bunch of times.'uh ok.we ordered the bacon wrapped scallops to start. believe it or not it was my FIRST TIME having scallops! I am not a big seafood eater but I would eat these again. tasty. while we browsed the menu trying to make a selection the waiter came by and was like 'will you close your menu when you're ready so that i don't have to keep coming by your table?' blank stares from us. seriously? wtf? we're chatty girls wanting to enjoy a nice, not rushed dinner. he pops by again and asks if we're ready. thankfully one of my friends has more balls than me and says 'my menu is still open and i'm following your rules so...' and he walked away.we closed our menus to signal our waiter and we ordered escargot, prime rib, salads, soup etc.the escargot was another first for me! it was tasty but i wouldn't order it again. glad i tried it though! my prime rib was ok, definitely not the best i've ever had. we also ordered the creme brulee and it was good...nothing amazing. while this was a place of many first for me, it will be my first and last time visiting bc of the rude waiter.  the prices aren't worth the food and service.
5	Love this place.  I am a filet mignon snob and I dont think I have ever sent one back.  Seems nowadays they can almost never get it right but these people keep on doing it.  My hub and I absolutely love Happy Hour here.  I like red wine and their house is nice and a 9 oz pour for just $4.  My hub gets the orange drink not sure what its called but you will see it on menu and OMG thats as good as it gets!  I would have that one but sugar sticks straight to all my body parts in the form of fat so I stick to my red wine.  We love the snap peas/asparagus and the goat cheese on crackers or something you will see that too :-)
4	I love this place so much!  Love getting the prime rib and king crab leg combo.  This is the place my fiance and I go when we really want to have a European type dining experience (i.e no rush, 2 hour laid back meal).  Service is always great, aside from the one time we had a drunk server:)  They could have a bigger wine list, but I always find something I like.  I highly recommend coming here for date night.
5	After reading other reviews we went to try it.  Couldn't have been any better food or service!  We are definitely planning on coming back!
5	Where do I begin....I just moved here from Chicago and was "hoping" for my first great meal. After seeing the reviews on Yelp; we gave it a try. We started off with bacon wrapped scallops and shrimp cocktail. The shrimp were huge and were amazing. The scallops had a sweetness to them, we're perfect texture, and are the BEST I have ever had.I ordered the Rib Steak (bone in) with the twice baked potato and added the lobster tail. The bone in was chard to perfection and was mouth watering...seriously it was amazing. The twice baked had more favors than I could guess. The lobster tail was at expectation. It wasn't bad but it didn't overachieve my expectationsThe staff and service was phenomenal!!!! This is my favorite place in the Phoenix area. Superb!!!.,
2	I have to take back my 5 star rating.  This place has slowly been getting worse.  First they took our favorites off the happy hour menu which was the snap peas and asparagus.  Next they changed the quality of scallops from really nice big ones to tiny cracked up walmart looking scallops.  The type I find on sale at walmart and would never buy.  They sent me a coupon for my birthday that expired 2 days before my actual birthday so my husband and I gave it another try.  The service was good but the food was lacking.  I made a point of telling my server that I noticed the difference in quality when it came to the scallops on top of the filet mignon oscar.  I asked him to make sure I didnt get the low quality tiny ones so he said something to the kitchen.  They were a little bit better than they have been but still not the quality that I had become used to when dining there.  Ordered the filet medium and it came out well done.  First time they ever ruined a steak which really annoyed me but I didnt get a chance to tell the server.  Manager came around checking and I just had to tell her the truth.  I told her I cant keep coming back here and justify these prices when the quality is starting to take a dive.  Since I had a $25 birthday coupon they took that off as well as the glass of wine that I had.  If I were the manager I would have comped the entire meal happy bday sorry if we didnt meet up to your expectations and to ensure that my customers would return and give us another shot to impress I would give some kind of a coupon to make sure that happened.  At this point I don't think we will be back :-(
5	Delicious Steak.... enough said:)   well it's pricey but oh so worth it.
4	The name of this place is deceiving. It's upscale, fine-dining, candle-lit, and a hip feel.. It reminds me of Houston's Steakhouse. The server was kinda air-heady, and service was slow. The shrimp cocktail was standard, but the shrimp was huge. Wedge salad was good. It was a chunk of iceberg with all the dressing on top and bacon, bleu cheese. Spinach salad had goat cheese, fresh walnuts and strawberries. It wasn't as good as Houston's, but not bad. On to the good stuff: I had the Seafood Sirloin. Perfect steak with scallops, asparagus, and mixed vegetable (mushrooms, peppers, and squash.) There was a lobster claw that was cracked. Sooo good. My sis got steak and a half lobster. It was a full pound. Excellent restaurant!
3	I had the onion soup and the Pecan Sirloin, but since they cook with wine, and I really hate wine, my steak was ruin, but it was my fault I should had mention I dont like, wine.
3	For the price the food should have been better.  Service was amazing.  The word "bar" in their name is deceiving. Only one dark beer on tap and, most of the beer selection on tap was terrible (cheap draft beer).
4	I spent my Wednesday at the Keg. Yes, it is a franchise which I do not like, but other than that this place is nice and has a decent Happy Hour. The service is very nice, attentive and courteous. This is a very valued feature and they should take credit for this. Also, the wait staff looks great in a very tidy and appropriate fashion. The service is where this place wins me over. The Happy Hour food is price worthy - for a happy hour munch to side with your beverage it is very decent. The Happy Hour drinks include a Orange slice martini, yes it might not be the manliest of beverages.. but it is tasty, for sure. besides that they have some interesting beer as well. For our big group, this was a nice venue. The establishment had set aside a portion in the corner and that was perfect. We had great service, and at the same time we were left to our own devices and not hovered upon. Overall, a nice experience... did I mention the service?
5	I had the lobster and steak, was excellent. Kudos to the bartender Courtney for recommending the twice baked potato and providing excellent service, it was phenomenal. Classy vibe in the place, would definitely eat here again.
5	This is my favorite restaurant at Tempe in Phoenix. Baked potatoe is a must. For a medium rare meat, New york stake will made your day. Place is  cozy. Very elegants waitresses.
2	Ok first off i am usually not dissapointed easily but WOW what a horrible experiance customer service is everything 1. the waiter did not offer us drinks until we ordered our food he got my mothers order wrong and charge us  extra for the correct sides i had to ask for bread, he came by the table and asked if we needed anything i said yes can u please remove my plate (he wasnt holding anything) he told me to hold on that he would be back later, why ask then? Once we were done with our meal he gave us a box n walked away ive dinned at the keg before our waiters always offered to box everything up then i asked to please see the dessert menu since he did not offer it i had mentioned to him that it was my mothers birthday he did not wait or make suggestions 8 min later he took our dessert order. I loved my past experiances at the keg but this one was left a bad taste in my mouth, other than tat the food was  good i probably will just never go to this paticular one....one bad apple shouldnt ruin the bunch
4	Experienced a romantic dinner for two during AZ Restaurant Week. A burnt out light bulb above didn't keep us from enjoying our lovely evening. The lemon wedge on the Caesar salad added a more refreshing taste to a classic. My Oscar Chicken provided the right amount of creme sauce though a little dry, the rice pilaf made up for it. We ordered cheesecake and Miners pie that delivered a chocolate punch. Both desserts were smooth and more than enough to share. A wonderful place to enjoy  again!!
1	Tried it in Scottsdale and enjoyed it so we thought we would give this location a try.Loved the decor but the service was awful.  We ordered the filet mignon and new york strip.  Both medium, both came out very undercooked (not even rare).  I showed the waitress and she just looked at me and said "oh? Is it undercooked?" I mean it was purplish, clearly not medium!The steaks came back rare and we decided to just eat it and not complain further.The bill showed up and we were OVERcharged.  The menu states 26.95 for both our meals and we were charged 30.95.  I ordered the Billy Miner coffee and it was supposed to be 6.95 she charged us 8.50.  We left no tip and bounced. EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK.  Your wallet will not thank you.
5	I was in Arizona for work, and stumbled upon this spot after hunting around in my rental car for a decent dinner spot close to my hotel.The decor is nice, and I like the option to sit indoors or out. We opted to sit in the bar, and got a nice comfy booth.Our waitress was fantastic. I am not a huge steak fan, and made a decision on what to order pretty quick, but my friend had a ton of questions about the menu.(Yes, she is one of those annoying orderers)  The waitress was very patient and friendly and gave some great recommendations. The manager also checked on us throughout our meal which is always a nice touch.For my meal, I started with the french onion soup, which was amazing. Sometimes I find french onion to be too salty, but the one at the Keg was made just right. For a main entree i went with the mustard salmon and garlic mashed potatoes. The salmon was excellent and the potatoes were tasty as well.My friend ended up going with the the homerun steak, or maybe it was called the pitch. (Something to do with baseball but I do not quite remember.) The steak came out and we were both surprised. It was huge. My friend loved it though, and said it was cooked just right. We were both stuffed about halfway through our meals, so we opted to not do dessert. Overall, I really liked this restaurant. I found the prices to be really good for a Steakhouse as well. Service was excellent and food was yummy. I would return.
1	I do not recommend this place AT ALL!  It honestly tastes like an extremely over priced microwaveable dinner. I ordered a filet mignon medium rare. There was absolutely no taste to anything. Maybe the chef forgot all the spices. The vegetables tasted like they came from a can. My filet was also over cooked to a well done. There was no juicy pink center. Very unhappy.
2	Ordered a medium rare prime rib and it was too dry, don't think I'll be back anytime soon...maybe it was because it was the middle if the week.......
5	The Keg was the best dining experience my date and I have had in a very long time. We had been here a few times before but the service was out of this world this time. I had the Alaskan crab legs with garlic mashed potatoes and my date the New York strip and twice baked potato. His was cooked exactly how he likes and my crab legs were perfection. Our server Tyler was knowledgable about wine suggestions and was a pleasure to chat with. Ashley the manager was great as well and seemed to genuinely care about our experience. We will be back many times in the future!!!
4	As for chain restos, the Keg is a good happy hour go to. The happy hour may be limited but what they offer is substantial. I believe it's 5 or 6 small plates, and discounted house wines and draft beers from 4pm to 7pm. I usually work until 6pm on Fridays and the Keg is a 15 min drive from work, so, it makes a good hh meeting spot for my friends and I. I gotta compliment them on the Keg Dogs which is a hh item. It's served as 3 small hot dogs or the hot dog version of sliders topped with sweet chili. It's quite tasty and can be filling depending on your appetite, have a glass of wine or two, and it's a great start to a Friday evening.
4	What an improvement!!I did not think the food was very good the last 2 times I went (the last time I didn't bother to update).  Tried the happy hour again to find the chicken nachos much more edible - the chicken is still a bit salty but its on the border of salty and best seasoned chicken ever.  The mushroom cap appetizer is delicious, ESPECIALLY with some lemon squeezed on top.  The wings off the bar menu were delicious as well - 3 peppers or something, so its a low lingering hot that I do enjoy.I think I will definitely come back.  Not sure for the pricier food, but the happy hour and apps are definitely much improved.
4	Always have the baseball steak. A cut that isn't always appreciated. Med rare is what I always request. Can't say I have ever had a bad one here. Had the lobster during lob. month last Sep and was delish. A week later had it at San Tan and it sucked. So it veries from place to place if u ask me. I'll stick with Tempe.
5	I love the Keg I go a few times a year, usually sit in the bar so I can have happy hour and the regular menu. I adore the goat cheese. This time I had the French onion soup, the goat cheese, and an Orange Slice Martini. I also had a bite of a chicago style rib eye and it was absolutely to die for. Everything was really delicious and the server was great!
3	I've ordered many 6oz steaks and this was one of the smallest! I doubt it was true to to size honestly. The lobster tail was good however. Steak was pretty dry when I was eating it and I had to force myself on. Once again the lobster tail was very good and I'm thankful I had that to go along with my meal. Pre plate, I requested soup and of the choices the waitress gave me I made a selection, she came back and told me they didn't have the soup! All they had was French onion soup and that was honestly nasty. Also the drinks were good we ordered several... Our total bill was almost $200...overall for the price I feel I should've went to another comparable steakhouse if that amount of money is in play, such as Mastros or the Capital Grille. The Keg seems like it has potential though, and I would give it one additional chance to see if they disappointment me again because certain aspects of the meal were good.
4	This Keg was A-OK. Was here during early part of December to help celebrate a colleague's 40th birthday.Drinks were well-made (how could you mess up a Grey Goose and Diet Coke?) as well as the apps (nachos and bruschetta). I didn't eat dinner, but birthday girl had a well-done steak and it smelled/looked fab.All in all - great place to dine and eat/drink! I'm just not a huge fan of chains - it makes me squirm a bit. Bathrooms were pretty modern/oversized and just a nice place to powder your nose.
1	they do not give you back your change, it is there company policy i was told by bar manager! they round up , they don't deal with change!i was shocked, you don't get to don't get to keep the customers' money no matter what the amount!think about this........if the keg does this to all the customers with change , how much is that over the year! .keeping any amount of someone else's money is stealing.how if the customer said , well ,the bill is  $35.45 but i'll give you$35.00.deborah
2	On a Thursday evening at 9PM they ran out of Prime Rib. With deep regret I tried the Pecan Sirloin which is a Sirloin topped with a pound of salt.  So much salt I could not taste the steak or pecans.  The Caesar salad was OK but not worth the $6.25.  This restaurant would not survive the NYC or Boston areas as customers expect a better quality of food.
1	Ok so this place is called The Keg. Which brings to mind lots of beer right? Here are the choices this evening in tap. Colors Light, Molsen Golden, some Arizona Peach swill, Negra Modelo, and some light ale by Lieinenlogurls or something. What a joke. Change the name please or get some craft brews. Oh and it's owned by some Canadian company so that explains a lot. Very expensive steaks as well.  Steak was overlooked and only 7 oz for $28??!! Skip it.
2	I wonder how their steak is here but don't EVER come here for happy hour with a big group. No joke. I came here the other day with a pretty big group for happy hour. The service was horrible, the food and drinks were mediocre. For drinks, I ordered the Orange Slice to start. It was a martini but tasted like a screwdriver with a splash of vodka. My second drink was the Pinot Noir. This one I liked. For food, we ordered the crab cakes, nachos and baked brie. The cheese on the nachos was really dry and didn't taste very fresh to me. I actually liked the baked brie. The cheese and pesto that it came with was really good. Service.. I've never been a waitress and I understand we were with a big group but I would think you would go around the whole group asking what everyone wanted. Plus there were 2-3 waitresses helping with our group. Never once did that happen. We basically had to flag down the waitress every time we wanted to order something. On top of that, we asked her for the happy hour menu maybe 3 times or more and she never once brought it. We ended up talking to the manager who eventually brought the menu and told him we were very disappointed in the service. We got an apology. I would've thought he could've at least gave us a small discount on the bill, or something complimentary. Anything. Nope. I won't be back for happy hour.
5	Wonderful experience. Perfect steak and good sized portions. Great service. Really enjoyed the calamari and shrimp appetizer. Cheesecake and carrot cake very moist and wedge salad super fresh. Came out from California for meeting and well worth the trip.
1	Walked in and was told "to wait a minute while we check on a table"....for just two!! Place is empty! Sat waiting for hostess to finish talking to her friends visiting her at work. No effort to "look for a table." Managers that came to front allowed her to carry on, and they neither made an effort. Walked out and chose Red Robin next door, much better choice.Zero stars if it allowed me to.
5	TEMPE, AZ: (Happy Hour Review) I was just pleasantly surprised by a wonderful Happy Hour here at the Keg in Tempe!  I came in with average expectations and was totally impressed during my visit.  I was with some wonderful business associates who frequent this place and were helpful in guiding to the best options.Ambience: (4 stars): Its a current, updated look with some high back booths and dim lighting.  It's a cool atmosphere and a little loud.  Formal enough but not stuffy.Service: (4 stars): The waitress was very nice, did a pretty good job keeping drinks full and was very sweet.  All smiles and friendly.FOOD: Happy hour menu, tried a few things:Prime Rib Sliders (5 stars): These were awesome!  The meat was extremely tender and thick sliced.  They were very flavorful and crusted in black pepper.  The sliders were served with a Dijon-horseradish aoli and were just wonderful.  Could have eaten them all night.  On a soft roll, too, which was fresh and dense enough.  Keg Sliders (4.5 stars): These were delicious too!  Soft, tender meat that bit away immediately with each bite, even though from the grilled look of them it seemed like I would have to dig in a little.  Scallops with Bacon (4 stars): You get three skewers, each with bacon and scallops.  The scallops are small but taste great and are a nice pairing with the bacon.  Shrimp Cocktail (4 stars): Jumbo shrimp, well prepared, with a spicy, aromatic cocktail sauce.  They were delicious, even though I don't normally order cocktails.  I highly enjoyed them.Go give them a try!
5	I was very impressed with the ambience of this place, food and staff. Everyone was very friendly. I called ahead of time to check how long was the wait and from that initial contact I was a happy customer. When we arrived we didn't wait much to b seated. Once we were seated we were greeted my Hannah out waitress. She was very helpful because she went over the menu with us and pointed out her favorites. That was awesome because it helped us decide what we were going to order. Our appetizer came out immediately. Our salads followed. Let  me get into the food.. My husband ordered the Filet Mignon with the tiger shrimp. The meat was cooked to perfection very juicy and just delicious . I ordered from the keg classics. Let me say that my sirloin steak was simply amazing. It was cooked just as I ordered and once it hit my taste buds I was in heaven. To drink I had a strawberry mojito which was the best I've I had. Hannah again was very nice and made sure we had everything we needed. I will definitely come again when I visit arizona again
5	Bravo Claire!! You've completely changed my view of the keg. I've had a checkered past with the other locations in the east valley and you've changed my mind about the market place location.You're suggestions we're amazing, I was pleasantly surprised with the Santa fe dip (but thanks now im on the hunt for the recipe). My husband loved the rib steak and it was cooked to PERFECTION matter of fact, so was my steak. Thank you so much for your service and kindness, im so impressed and will make the trip to Tempe over the other East valley locations.
5	Brought an date here on Saturday and it was awesome. Took some time to find it as Yelp gave us the wrong location. Its in Tempe Market Place by the north-west entrance. Walking in we were told the wait for an indoor table was 15-20min but the bar and outdoor areas are free seating. We chose outside and they even had a smoking area.Service was great and since we were the first guest to sit outside, the turned on the misters and promptly came back to take our order. And the food was awsome. Being a professional cook I was impressed by this steak house that can ACTUALLY prepare a steak to MY order. I got the New York Stip and she had the prime rib. The prime rib was the Shizzle for rizzle. They even had a great local beer selection along with the domestics. It does get a little pricey but the atmosphere is great, food is better, and they even have Escargo (not bad for snails lol). Definitely bringing her back here. And its a great place to start a bar-hopping plan.
4	I love restaurant week! A bunch of friends and I decided to get together for our birthday month (May!) This was a perfect place to do so! The service was good, the restaurant itself is par for the course as this is a chain restaurant (it is clean and low lighting as a steakhouse should be.) As for the meal......I did the "Phoenix Restaurant Week Special" which was a three course meal for $30. (Steal of a deal!) First Course: Wedge salad - lettuce wedge topped with bacon, tomatoes and ranch dressing. (fresh veggies and creamy dressing = a delectable salad.) Second Course: The Keg Oscar - 8oz sirloin steak topped with shrimp, scallops, asparagus and Bearnaise sauce. (steak was perfectly cooked, the Bearnaise sauce with shrimp and scallops was okay. I would have preferred crab instead of shrimp & scallops but that's just me.) The entree came with a "side" which i picked the Twice Baked Potato, it was creamy mashed potato stuffed back into a half shell and baked again which quite delicious!Third Course: Butter Tart -  Meh, not my favorite dessert but I like that the portion was small and that I was able to try something new i typically wouldn't order. It just didn't have a whole lot of flavor happening, just a boring sweet treat. On other visits to The Keg I have had:* Mushrooms Neptune (mushrooms topped with crab and cream cheese.) a fav of mine!* Keg Caesar - typical romaine salad with the Keg's version of dressing (good but go with the wedge if you are going to get a salad here.) * Filet Classic - filet steak wrapped in bacon* Prime Rib - pretty self-explanatory  * King Crab - a pound of steamed king crab legs. (So good & one of my fav's!)This place can get a little spendy if your not careful. You may want to check out their happy hour menu (4pm to 7pm: M-F) you can try the Mushrooms Neptune for $4, the  loaded nachos for $6 and the Prime Rib Sliders for $8.
5	Delicious as always! Arizona Restaurant Week menu was excellent paired with a bottle of Belle Glos Meiomi Pinot Noir. Taylor was a great server and our experience was much better than the last time we visited The Keg. Brownie and Spanish Coffee to top it off were pretty tasty. Great date night!
3	My boyfriend and I go here quite often and usually we sit down for a nice dinner. Today we went for happy hour and it was definitely sub-par. The margaritas were pre-made and they were horrible. We had to order an extra shot and add sugar to it. Our prime rib sliders were surrounded by fat and were extremely pink. The buns were not toasted and were really doughy. My boyfriends water tasted like sewer water. Our rating for tonight at happy hour would have been a 1 or 2 star but since every other visit has been about a 4 star we decided to average it out.  By the way, usually the steaks and dessert are good but watch out for the caeser salad. The lettuce comes out pink 8 out of 10 times. I'm sure we will be back but probably not as much as we used to and definitely not for happy hour.
4	I am updating my post because of how amazing the manager Chris was with my issue. I will be returning and will definitely be sitting in the main area instead of the bar! Thanks for taking care of my issue and trying to rectify the problem!
4	**Original review from 6/1/2011. Updating new profile.**I'm not a red meat eater, but my best friend was in town and was craving a steak. I had no idea where to take her. Another friend suggested this place because it was close and she had only been here for drinks. We decided to be adventurous and give it a shot. The friend who suggested the place decided to meet us.We were seated immediately and although I was a little disappointed that we were seated in the hallway, next to the kitchen door and across from two other tables that we had to face because our table was horseshoe shaped, the seats were far back enough that the kitchen door didn't bother me. I was still a little conscientious of the other two tables with people staring at us though. Strike one.... horrible table.  Get it out of there.Strike one was redeemed with a fabulous waiter. He was attentive, and we never had empty glasses or plates once we ordered. We received bread, appetizers, salads, entrees and refills with no hitch. I wasn't impressed with the appetizer, but it wasn't their fault. I just can't see myself ever having shrimp with cheese ever again. I thought it was weird when I ordered it, but was curious. Curiosity satisfied.We received our salads and entrees and dug in. My friend's steak was cooked to her liking and loved her seafood with it. She said everything was what she was craving and expecting. Coming from her, that's a huge complement. My other friend was equally happy with her slab of meat.My entree was the chicken oscar, which has shrimp and scallops on top in a Bearnaise sauce. Took one bite of the scallops and shrimp.... oh my. Yummmmm. Scallops were cooked perfectly. I love scallops that melt in your mouth. The vegetables were cooked perfectly. Still crispy, not over-cooked. Then I get to the chicken and this is where strike two happens. The chicken was so salty that I couldn't even finish the second bite. Luckily, I was full from the veggies, scallops and shrimp and mashed potatoes I ate. When the waiter asked if he could take my plate and I said yes, he asked if there was something wrong with the chicken. So, being honest, I told him. At this point, I'm full, fat, dumb and happy so I declined his offer to replace it with something else. Then here's where they redeemed themselves on strike two. Even though I told him it was unnecessary, the manager came over and apologized to all three of us. He looked at me and said he comped my salad and entree and then offered all three of us desserts and coffees on the house. He explained the saltiness comes from the rub the cooks use and he's asked them before not to use so much. I barely heard this because I was still astounded that not only is my entire meal free, but now desserts for all three of us too? And coffee? Who am I to turn down free coffee???Then the manager asked me something I love to hear: Do you have any allergies? WHY YES I DO! NUTS!  He explained that I should not get these certain desserts and offered me all the nut free options. I asked him if I could marry him. It's been too long since someone in a restaurant asked me this before I could say something.I would go back for another dinner. I know how to modify my meal to my satisfaction now. I would also recommend this place to my friends and family.
3	I had dinner at this location last night. I sat in the bar area for happy hour and also had dinner.Wine: Pinot Noir by the glass was awesome!  I started with the baked brie which was O-K, I probably wouldnt order it again because I prefer a breaded baked brie. It was the pefect size for two.Entree: Filet Oscar Rare: Cooked perfectly. I loved the summer veggies and the scallops were also cooked perfectly. I did have ONE issue. I ate part of a shell because one of the seafood items were not properly shucked. The server appologized and showed her mananger... But it still kind of ruined the positive vibes of the entree. I probably would give this place 5-stars if this had not happened. It was a pretty large chunck and it crunched in my teeth. I was on a date so I didnt want to spit it out so I swallowed some of it. EW. Dessert: Miners Pie- AWESOME. I really liked this. & Decaf coffee & Bailys.Service: Great. We had a female server who was very sweet. She was a petite brunette and she seemed very knowledgable about the menu items.
5	My husband and I went to The Keg for our anniversary. The food was top notch. We had the prime rib and filet mignon, both medium rare, and they were perfect. All of the sides were delicious. The waiter was friendly and attentive, but not overbearing. The customer service was probably some of the best I've ever witnessed. The table next to us mentioned to their waiter that their steak was overdone. He immediately whisked it away, with lots of apologies, and promptly brought out a replacement. The manager soon came out to apologize and made sure the replacement was satisfactory. He then offered them a free dessert of their choice. To our surprise, our waiter brought out a complementary piece of mocha almond ice cream pie and congratulated us on our anniversary. We were sold. The food and service at this restaurant are 5 stars.
4	its good restaurant, a little bit loud especially  next to the bar.Steak was amazing.
5	Great steak ..had the fillet with veggies. Try the cheescake while you are at it if you have room! Everything cooked perfectly and awesome service!
5	The Keg is the best chain steakhouse out there.  Yes, I believe it offers better tasting main dishes and side dishes than Ruth's Chris, Morton's, etc.  Please don't let the chain label negatively influence your decision to eat at this fine establishment.  The service is impeccable.  I can't think of an instance where I haven't been treated amazingly well by the staff.  From the hostess to the server, you'll feel like you're the only guest(s) being tended to.  Additionally, the decor is beautifully understated, with low light and dark wood throughout the dining area.  I've had the bacon wrapped filet and it was succulent and delectable and cooked to my liking.  The prime rib....fuggedaboutit!!!  I was told by our server that they have a 24OZ selection that is not listed on the menu, so I immediately ordered it.  It was the size of a human thigh, but oh so amazingly tasty (OK, maybe human thigh meat is tasty too??)  The Keg's horseradish sauce is amazingly hot and I love it.  Their Au Jus is also very tasty, but I pay most of my attention to that HOT horseradish sauce. Their Mushrooms Neptune are exceptional and stand on equal footing with any other higher end restaurant's best appetizer.  The baked brie is also wonderful and the staples like the shrimp cocktail and baked garlic shrimp are also flavorful.If you're craving a steak and can afford to spend a little more than places like Outback, stop on over and enjoy high end tasting steaks at considerably lower than high end prices**Tip 1**Steakhouses are by definition pricey.  Sign up for the Keg's Birthday Club and get $25 towards your meal price every year you're alive!**Tip 2**Happy hour runs 4PM-7PM M-F and offers some discounted appetizer and drink prices, so save yourself a couple of extra bucks.
5	My boyfriend and I stumbled in here on a weekday night and ate at the bar.  We got Santa fe chicken dip, prime rib sliders, and a burger.  Whoa were we blown away! So much flavor.  We really enjoyed ourselves and decided to come again for dinner.  Their prime rib is very good.. and this is coming from a person who LOVES prime rib.  It's the first chain restaurant that I really love.  Comes in big portions and their cocktails are quite yummy.
5	Took my daughter there for her birthday dinner with her family.  Fabulous food cooked to perfection.  My daughter is very picky as she is a waitress ... Our waitress was a doll & have wonderful attentive service with a smile.  Great evening!
2	I went here Friday night for happy hour. I say at the bar with my friend and the bartender was extremely rude. I shouldn't have sat at the bar bc walking up to it I could feel so much negative energy from her. No smile, no friendly service , just a cold uninviting personality. We were in a rush bc we still needed to get ready for the night but needed to eat. The drinks were normal, but the food wasn't terrible and wasn't good either. It was just food, but I live to eat, and this was eat to live food. The sliders on the happy hour special had an akward taste.. The chopped salad was the best thing, bc the earth did all the work. My French onion soup was definitly too hot to eat for 30 min, and it wasn't in my top 20.. The lobster appetizer was bar far the worst thing we had and the crab cakes were mostly filler and mushy with a tangy flavor.. Nothing memorable here..
1	I was so disappointed. I ordered a 20oz Rib eye that was flavor less.  They had to bring steak sauce.....but as we know...a good steak doesn't need steak sauce!! The one positive thing is the service.  Ryan L made our experience worthwhile.  He was super nice and understood my frustration over a horrible meal. Keep smiling Ryan L
5	The keg steakhouse has amazing steaks  and food.  Just sitting at the bar and smelling the steak of the  guy next to you will make you want to order one yourself.  Also the service is excellent., especially Courtney at the bar.  Her charisma makes you just want to keep coming back.
2	I've never left a bad review before but I was extremely disappointed in my experience in the bar of The Keg in Tempe Wednesday night. While I must say our server was fantastic, everything else was blah. I met some friends for drinks and appetizers. The first drink I had was the Orange Slice. I've had this in the past at a different Keg location and enjoyed it. But this time, I thought I could taste the chlorinated Phoenix water in the drink. I didn't say anything to our server but I decided to order a different drink the next round. My second drink was an Old Fashioned. This drink is made with bourbon, bitters, lemon, orange, sugar and soda. So I couldn't understand why it tasted extremely watered down. This time I said something to the server. I thought it might be the soda water that had ruined these drinks. She checked with the manager and then returned recommending I avoid a drink made with soda. The manager did not stop by. I sent the drink back and ordered a Manhattan. The Manhattan is described on the menu as being made with bourbon, vermouth, and "house-made drunken Bing cherries". Cherries. Plural. The drink arrived with a single MARASCHINO cherry. Not the house-made cherries I was expecting and looking forward to. This drink also tasted watered down, as if it sat in the mixer cup over ice much too long. My friend ordered a spiked tea. It, too, was extremely watered down! I blame the bartender for our disappointing experience. One of my friends had a steak and was quite pleased with her meal. In the future, IF I ever do return to this restaurant, I will only choose wine or beer because the bartender either does not know how to make cocktails, or she was skimping on listed ingredients to save the restaurant money.
5	In all honesty, I wasn't expecting a whole ton when my boyfriend brought me here for our anniversary.  (Now before I sound like a terrible girlfriend, in my defense, it's in Tempe Marketplace next to BevMo and Red Robin - not where I'd expect an outstanding steakhouse.)  But boy, was I wrong.The steak was amazing.  I'm not gonna pretend to be an expert on steaks, but I thoroughly enjoyed mine.  It was very juicy, and tasty on its own - mind you, this is coming from someone who douses every steak she's ever eaten in A1.  Although they do seem to count the number of green beans they put on your plate (5, if I remember correctly), but it's not like anyone's there for the veggies.  I'd also highly recommend the twice baked potatoes for a side if you're not calorie conscious, and even if you are.The service too, was exceptional.  Not in your face, but there when you needed them.  They had taken note that it was our anniversary, so every waiter and manager that came by made it a point to wish us, even remembering how long we had been together (I was a little taken aback, honestly).  Oh!  And they also served us this amazing cheesecake, on the house, since we chose to celebrate our anniversary with them.  I was stuffed as it is, but you know how girls are with desserts.That said, I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a decent steakhouse in this college town.  Like any decent steakhouse, it is a little on the pricey side, but well worth it.
5	I'm new to Tempe, AZ and a friend and I were looking for a steakhouse last night. We found The Keg on Yelp and it had some excellent ratings so we gave it a try. I have to say it is the best experience I've had at a restaurant in a long, long time. IF you are a mushroom fiend you must try Mushrooms Neptune - I couldn't get enough of the crab and cream cheese concoction that enveloped those dainty little mushroom caps. Yes, I used my bread to get every last bit. My friend was teasing me everything tasted good thanks to the appletini I'd consumed (which was perfect).. but no this is so not true. Our server was terrific and highly attentive without being too invasive. We both had steaks and lobster and crab legs - everything was fantastic. I even ordered dessert because everything had tasted so good! (I have half a slice of cheesecake sitting in my fridge for further indulgence tonight!) The creme brulee was so delicious (I stuck my fork in my friends brulee - they didn't mind).The Keg is now on my list of places to take friends and family when they come to visit. 5 stars across the board.. loved the feel of the place too. Tshirt and jeans are ok (you won't get turned away) but I found people were wearing business casual. Even the kids in the restaurant were well-behaved haha :D It is a little pricey but really not much more than Outback - and we like this place more - all they need is a blooming onion and we will never go back to Outback :D
5	I have been here multiple times and have always extremely enjoyed it. Came here for my first anniversary and everything was perfect! The food came out relatively quickly the wine was a nice age and the service was stupendous. The overall atmosphere was extremely classy. The general manager came over to make sure everything was perfect, which he has every single time we have been there. Overall most satisfying restaurant I have ever been to.
5	I've been to the locations at Desert Ridge and Chandler and this was, by far, the best experience of them all.We were there to celebrate my Mom's birthday and we weren't disappointed in the slightest.  The food was its usual great self but the service stole the show.  Very attentive staff on a Saturday night and our server, Leo, was a perfect 10/10.  We have  a 1-year old and he engaged him several times throughout the meal, including returning him to our table after he had snuck off:).  We never had to wait or ask for anything.We dine out quite a bit and I rarely write reviews so take this for what it's worth, you won't be disappointed in the slightest in choosing The Keg Tempe for your next nice meal and experience!
4	Very nice place, service was fantastic and the food was too.  I found my meal to be a little over priced.
5	Another fantastic dinner! Bone in ribeye... Love this place. I eat here every time i am in Phoenix. Prices are right, staff are great!
4	Here on business with the hubs and came here to eat steak. He ordered the ribeye charred Chicago style and medium-rare. It came out perfectly cooked and tasty. The veggies were limp and looked like it came out of the frozen section though.I ordered the sea bass over quinoa salad and salsa and it was one of the best sea bass I ever had. It must have been poached in butter. It was tender, flaky with a bit of crust and so amazing with the tangy salsa.If you're in AZ, there are 2 locations. We ate at the Tempe location. Highly recommend this place.
5	I just enjoy eating at the Keg
2	My husband and myself are steak lovers. We are also foodies and love to frequent different places. We came on August 17, to celebrate my birthday and his new promotion of GM certification with a different chain. It was a last minute choice so we came with no reservation later on in the evening after 8 p.m. I ordered  crab legs and he had lobster I believe. Our waitress was very informal, we both sat on the same side of the booth and she took our order with her knee on the other booth. She did that the few times she did come to our table. We passed on appetizers and had salads, the food was exceptional just the service very mediocre. We were almost done with dinner and I still had a piece of crab meet literally almost to my mouth and she asked if she could take my plate. Obviously I wasn't finished. We didn't order dessert. I felt it was a rushed experience. I called a few days later and spoke with the GM, I forgot his name. He did apologize and stated that each dinner was expected to be a 2 hour experience and we shouldn't have felt rushed. He did find our ticket time and agreed that it did seem fast. I just wanted to let him know of the very casual service and rushed time, and he offered to send something to us. We have not received anything and that was almost a month ago, I figured it would be a free appetizer or a percentage off our next visit. We won't be coming back. Overall great food, bad service.
3	Just visiting the area for the football game and was craving steak for dinner. The reason for such a low rating was due to the food. We got a filet, sirloin, crab cake, calamari and Caesar salad. The sides to our steaks were good, but the steaks sucked. I ordered a medium and the steak came out pretty rare and the teriyaki was not what we expected. We didn't even end up getting dessert. The 3 stars is to the wonderful service that made up for the food.
3	No prime rib?! Manager says next time make a reservation and say you want prime rib and we might save it for you...not a great approach. Filet was good but not why we came here to celebrate a birthday on a Saturday night at 7pm. Nothing comped. Except dish of ice cream. Not pleased.
4	Absolutely delicious blue rare 10 oz. filet mignon. Baked potato and veggies tasted great as well. Friendly service.
4	We are here visiting from California and tried The Keg based on the Yelp reviews. We made a 7:00pm reservation.  The shopping plaza it is located in was very busy. The restaurant was equally as busy. We were seated quickly. Our service was so so. Our waiter was overwhelmed.  Others filled our drinks and we never did get the other loaf of bread we asked for. The food was amazing. I had the mushroom stuffed chicken. Everyone else had the prime rib. We loved it all. The Brussel sprouts were a little tough, though. I prefer them softer. Overall, I would recommend this place.
4	Good restaurant but the side selection needs revamping. It's mostly all starches.  Baked pot, twice backed pot, french fries, veggies. I ordered a 7 oz bacon wrapped filet with veggies and asked if I could have the quinoa salad that came with a fish entree. Veggie medley was by far the best that I've had anywhere. They were very colorful and fresh. The quinoa salad was also an excellent choice, but they will charge an extra $3 because it isn't a regular side item listed on the menu.  The filet was cooked to perfection as I ordered it medium, just could have used a little more seasoning on it. Service was great ask for Jay or Harrison. They both good great care of our table.
4	I really did like this place.  The food is very good.  I really liked the French onion soup & their burgers are great, as is the steak.  The prices are a good value and I will be going back.
2	Our server seemed off and not as sharp as you would expect in an upscale place. We asked for straws twice before that was taken care of. No bread was served until we had to ask for it. My husband's fries and coleslaw were missed and not served until he was nearly finished with his ribs. My Caesar salad had bitter lettuce that was brown around the edges. We ordered the key lime pie with raspberry drizzle but we got ours with that fake strawberry stuff which was overly sweet. They did make that right and brought the right pie & did not charge us for it. I think they do try but too many corners are being cut to save a buck. We will not return at these prices.Disappointed in Scottsdale
5	5 star steaks/service/wine.  The wine is bit over priced but the steak is fair for the quality.  I have eaten there many times over the years and when on business in Canada got same service and food.  Never let down.  My favorite is the teriyaki steak Chicago style, medium.
4	Everything was pretty good when we decided to dine here - the service, the food, the price. Appetizers:1) Baked Goat Cheese (warm goat cheese with crushed almonds and tomato basil salsa - $8)2) Spinach salad (spinach, strawberries, dried cranberries, candied pecans and red onion in a chardonnay vinaigrette with goat or bleu cheese - $7)Entrees:1) Prime rib - medium rare2) Filet - medium rareThe steaks were really good considering the price. We also ordered a glass of red wine and beer with our meal which were reasonably priced.
