3	i'd have to say, this place isn't all to shabby for sushi. we used to trek here from CMU to get a taste of good but decently priced sushi. i'd definitely recommend it. the wait staff are super nice too. and it's never too difficult to find parking in the neighborhood.
5	To tell the truth, I have never had sushi here, but the Korean BBQ buffet (upstairs) is wonderful!  Lots of different meats and vegetables that you bring to your table and cook there.  The pork is great, there is beef, shrimp, fish, scallops, maybe?  I forget it all, but there is a large variety.  And the experience is really fun if you have never tried it before.  At first we were a little worried that we might not cook the meat enough since they pretty much turn the stove at your table on and leave you to your own devices, with little guidance, but we haven't had any problems.  It is not very hard to do.  I love going here and eating a ton of delicious Korean BBQ!  For $19 a person, it is a great deal!
4	Sushi Kim is one of those Korean restaurants you'll find in most N. American cities that don't have a really big Korean population. They tend to diversify into sushi as well as Korean food, which is probably a good move considering the American palate and their general unawareness of Korean cuisine outside of the major Korean enclaves. It's pretty obvious by their name, they aren't trying to hide the fact they are Korean.I've been there for both Korean BBQ on the second floor and Korean food on the main floor.  I wouldn't trek all the way from CMU to have sushi there since sushi can be more easily had, but definitely for the Korean food. Some would disagree, but I have friends from Seoul who even think Sushi Kim has the best Korean food in Pittsburgh.(Granted we are speaking for Pittsburgh) It is pricier than Korea Garden, but the atmosphere is slightly more "upscale."They also have at least 3 brands of soju(Charm, Cheoeum cheo reom, and  Jinro Chamisul), which for Pittsburgh is quite exceptional even though I would only drink the Chamisul. They also have Korean noraebang, which you have to reserve in advance. However they only have Korean songs, so if you can't read Korean you're out of luck. They charge $30/hour. I'm not sure there is any other Korean noraebang in the city. I didn't try it, so I can't say what kind of selection they have for songs.The BBQ is a great deal and though not the best I've ever had. It may be the only Korean BBQ grill place in the city. The staff is quite attentive and is pretty good about replacing the grills. I would prefer a different sahm-jang and more variety in the non-BBQ items in the buffet. The BBQ is great for groups and seats 4 people for each grill.
4	Hello, my name is Neal and I'm an alcoho... sushi addict.  This is one of my favorite places for sushi in Pittsburgh.  I've never ordered anything off the menu, but sushi....err... sashimi actually.  I really like the sushi chefs here.  They are friendly and when they know you are a regular they tend to be very generous.  I probably go here a couple of times per month,, usually on Saturday afternoons.  The fish is always very fresh.  A prime example of this is yesterday I tried to order a type of clam, but Mr. Kim said it wasn't as fresh as he'd like to serve.  My favorite is  white tuna.   The Miso soup is actually surprisingly good.  I really like the location of the restaurant and all of the servers are well trained.  Sit at the sushi bar where you can see the artists at work.  Also, please don't forget to tip the sushi chef.  These guys are pros.  Eat with your hands, sushi is the original finger food.
3	Went upstairs for the BBQ, which was okie. But the guys running it gave us no real clues of how to run the BBQ grills, so we kept burning the grills until they were black with carbon buildup. The food was good, but I think next time I will "do" the sushi.
3	The food was... OK.  The spider crab roll was okay, we've had better but it wasn't something I'd complain about either.  The beef bul-go-gi was also okay.  The problem I had there the first (and last) time I was there was that my rice was spoiled.  The rice I was given had a doughy and spoiled taste to it. I know what rice(s) tastes like (ate rice since birth), and they messed up the batch.  My problem was that when I asked them to smell the rice so they would know what I was talking about, they would not smell it and insisted that their rice was always good and that they cook 5 batches a day.  I would've had a good time there except for the spoiled rice.  My friend got a bowl of good rice, why couldn't I? :(
2	Being a Korean-BBQ lover and snob..I needed to get my Bulgogi/gal-bi fix when I was in Pittsburgh.  My search led me to Sushi-Kim.Oh how I wish it led me astray.  This was probably one of the worst tasting Korean Barbecue places I have ever been to.  The beef was not the right color and was basically bland.  The beef short-ribs were tasty but was way too tough.  I felt like I had to chew each piece 100x or I was going to choke and die.  I was not a fan of the food at all and would not recommend it to anyone.
5	This is the first and only korean bbq i have ever visited.  that said, i can't wait to bring my whole family here at the end of the month for my birthday!  I had so much fun filling my plate with marinated treats and cooking them on my table!  it was a really amazing and unique  dining experience.if this place sucks compared to the average korean bbq, I can't wait to try an outstanding one! But for now, in Pittsburgh, I don't know of anywhere else like it.  and I'm in love.
3	Probably the best Korean restaurant in Pittsburgh, which, to be honest, isn't saying much. However, it is pretty solid, and the kalbi is pretty good. The service is pretty good as well.
2	I wouldn't call this place authentic Korean BBQ. I was disappointed that the "grill" at the table was essentially a frying pan. How can you even come close to delicious Korean BBQ if there is no open flame? Every other BBQ restaurant I've been to has had either charcoal or gas grill.The quality of the meats were terrible, though one shouldn't really expect much from a buffet.I will say, however, that the service was friendly and accommodating. It's spacious, and thus great for large groups of people. Just don't expect fantastic Korean BBQ.
3	Went for lunch.  No one wanted to go in on a sushi platter so I had the spicy seafood udon.  Not sure what I was thinking, I generally avoid shellfish this far inland as a general rule... anyhow, it was a decent red broth with one scallop, two shrimp and one clam.  For $8.95 and a dollar more than the vegetable udon, I'm not complaining but it was not very spicy but the noodles were hot enough to burn my mouth!Large, good for big groups.  Lunch service was okay, but not very attentive given how slow it was.Anyhow, I'd like to go back for the BBQ or sushi and hopefully have a 4 star experience.
3	My friends from North and South Carolina were craving for sushi so the seven of us decided to stop by Sushi Kim on our way to a business reception. This restaurant is Korean operated with a wide range of Korean and Japanese dishes to choose from. Although the location seemed desolate by the time we got there, the interior was spacious and festive with mini barbecue grills and bento boxes highly visible at every table. I was skeptical about the quality of either cuisine but in support of my friends I eventually chimed in with a 10-piece mixed nigiri with miso soup and mango sorbet for dessert ($41 w/tax and tip). Among the nigiri sets, I thought the sake, ikura, and uni were decent but not fantastic or super fresh. The miso was too salty and the double scoops mango sorbet was generous but did not create a spark. With a versatile menu and spacious seating arrangements, this could be a decent place for large group gatherings. However, as someone who is spoiled rotten with fantastic Asian food from California, I thought the quality of sushi was rather bland for the price they were charging.In short, this is how they measured up on a scale of 1-5 stars:1.) Quality and freshness: 3 stars, everything was decent but the wow factor was missing.2.) Creativity and presentation: 3 stars, the cuts of the fish were generous and nicely presented.3.) Quantity and substance: 2.5 stars, the flavors were weak, unimpressive but passable.4.) Accessibility and affordability: 2 stars, the price was very steep for the little amount of sushi I got.5.) Service and ambiance: 4 stars, our server was unresponsive at times but the ambiance was clean and festive.With some reluctance, 3 stars for the overall experience. I won't be coming back.
4	I've been coming here ever since it opened years ago. I'm a big fan of their food, especially their sushi. Since we know the owners (and sushi chef) our sushi comes out to my liking, not a lot of wasabi in the sushi. The service is always prompt and friendly. Only problem is the street parking. FOOD: We always order the hae mul pa jun (seafood pancake) for starters. I really like this dish since it's full of seafood and chewy in texture. Then I always get the sushi 12 pc. combo, which is an array of salmon, tuna, yellow tail, clam, shrimp, and octopus. I love their sushi rice which is a bit sweet. I usually order their bi bim bap (mixed vegetables with rice) which is always good. I also got their dae goo mah one tang (spicy fish soup) which was full of fish and tofu. The broth was very tasty and not too spicy.
3	This place was okay.  It wasn't great, but it wasn't awful.  It's someplace that I'd go to again.Every July, I find myself in Pittsburgh, and this is one of my favorites there.  The grill is a little weird and their idea of AYCE sushi and Korean BBQ is different from most that I've experienced.The sushi itself was not really all that good in my opinion.  I mostly stuck to the Korean BBQ and that was fairly good.  The sauces were fairly flavorful.  The meat selection, while not huge, was adequate.  The two story setup was pretty neat and it was easy enough to find on the street based on the directions that the convention (AC) gave us.I'd definitely go here again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
5	Yelp didn't exist when I used to go here, back in the CMU days, but it is still my favorite Soon Du Bu (Tofu Stew) place - we just LOVED it.  We never ate sushi here, always the korean food.  The hae mul pah jun is yummy, the dol sol bibimbap is good, but the soon du bu jige is the best.  It's run by Koreans, hello!  We were lucky to have this place in Pittsburgh - it's not like there was a lot to choose from.  But even now, I rarely encounter a place (in the Bay Area) that has the same quality of tofu stew - and we have a "k-town" here!
3	Eh, went here a second time because we were looking for a place to get a sushi boat that wouldn't cost us an arm and a leg.We got the Love Boat, which is the mid-sized boat, and it was pretty disappointing. Lots of sashimi, a couple pieces of nigiri, and no maki. Also, the only fishes represented were salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and whitefish, save one piece each of octopus, squid, and shrimp. I felt kind of ripped off, since they basically just took all of their cheapest fish, chopped it up, and threw it on a boat. I wish we would have just payed the extra $15 and went to Chaya instead.The Korean is not the best but it's decent for Pittsburgh. I'd come back for Korean, but probably not for the sushi.
4	Went here for the first time -- had the 14 piece sushi platter.  Although the presentation wasn't flawless, I thought the sashimi was fresh and delicious.  The service was prompt and attentive, the portions were generous (well worth the $19.95...I left full).  I'll be back sooner than later!
2	First off, this restaurant is absolutely HUGE. there are a ton of tables, so i'm going to say that this place is good for groups..  When we went on a friday night, there were only about 7 tables occupied, with my friend and I sitting alone at the sushi bar.We came here because we wanted sushi and rolls.  None of the pittsburgh restaurants seem to specialize very much in rolls, and of the sushi restaurants near shadyside/oakland, this one seemed to offer the most number of rolls (please let me know if you know of other ones nearby that offer more!)  We got a 12 piece combination sushi platter, a kim's favorite roll (which actually seemed like two separate rolls totaling 16 pieces), and a spider roll.  While the sushi and rolls were of acceptable size, the fish was definitely not very fresh.  the spider roll was probably one of the most repulsive rolls i've tasted in a while.  the soft shell crab was fried beyond recognition, and it took too much effort to chew as the crunching resounded loudly within my head.My friend and I also split a soon doo boo, which came with a bowl of rice and a few miniplates of banchan.  while the soon doo boo was acceptable, with a lot of tofu inside, the banchan was pretty underwhelming. broccoli, pretty weak kimchi, bean sprouts...and sadly our bill came out to be way too much for a regular sushi dinner. after tax and tip, my friend and i each paid ~35.  while the service was friendly, i will probably not be coming back here again.
2	A few friends from out of town wanted to meet at Sushi Kim for dinner, so I agreed. The sushi selections seemed to satisfy their tastes, while their kids liked the miso soup, and edamame beans (which were replenished when asked). I'm not a fan of Japanese food, so I stuck with the Korean selections, after all I was in a Korean restaurant! I had Mandu Guk, which was a good size bowl of meat filled dumplings, and broth. My daughter had the pork bulgogi which she liked, but we've had better. The pork was really greasy, and not cooked on a fire grill, no char marks, equals less than tasty meat. Sushi Kim alternates between a hit, or a miss. Sometimes you get a few different panchan, (side dishes of pickled or marinated vegetables), and sometimes you only get kimchi, wth? If you judge a place by it's patrons, I've seen few Koreans eat here, so that sums up the authenticity factor. Nice big restaurant, just lacking in overall experience.
1	Ew! Ew! Gross! I know that's not the most mature thing to say, but that's what comes to mind when I think about this place! Sad thing is, I've been here a couple times. Every time I kept thinking it would somehow get better, but no, it doesn't! The Miso soup they serve has this weird after taste, and to be honest, doesn't taste like any Miso soup I've EVER had! So on to the sushi, oh yeah, it's gross too! I think I kept going back because the size of the rolls are humongous. The thing is the fish does NOT taste fresh at all! It's always luke warm and....just.not.good. Oh well, I tried. But I'd suggest you not!
3	Seriously over priced, however it was the one of the only Sushi option downtown before Penn Aveune Fish Company opened.  The service general tend to slow.  The Korean food was fairly good, not as good as Korean Garden. But I did hear they have all you can eat Korean BBQ for $20, which is way more expensive than the ones in LA.
2	You can not pay me money to eat here again. They cannot even cook edamame, it was undercooked and cold. I had to stop eating their sushi in fear I would be sick for work in the morning. Texture and temperature of the fish scared me. Save yourself pain and throw your money out the window. Only plus side was their friendliness in service.
5	Sushi Kim Restaurant was awesome the food and service were top notch. If you are in Pittsburgh and are looking for great food stop here.  A++++. Try the Korean Short Ribs.
3	This used to be my favorite spot.  Ten years ago, I ate here sometimes twice a day.  Over the past year or two, it has gone downhill.  And now?  Well, I hope they read their reviews, but I doubt it.  It would not take much to correct what has gone downhill, but I have seen negative reviews for awhile, but I kept coming back, because I was a regular, maybe I got better food.First...  I like Korean, because I like the ban-chan.  These are the side dishes you get with any Korean meal.  You used to get seven dishes, and they were good, well seasoned, always great.  Then it went to five, now it is down to three or four.  I asked the waiter if this was really all they had.  I tip well, the waiter knows this, and was apologetic that, yes, they only had four type of ban-chan.  And not the "good" kind.  You used to get slices of the Korean pancake, or sweet potatoes, not to mention excellent kimchi.  Bean sprouts, and broccoli yum!  Now, you pretty much get kimchi, the sweet red beans, bean sprouts.  That is it.Second...  The portion size of the meat was way down.  And I mean miniscule.  Hey, if they are having trouble paying the reant because they expanded out of all proportion to the actual number of paying customers they have, that is not my issue.  Unless they start shorting me on the size of my portion.  In which case, I vote with my feet.  I am not eating here again, period, until I see a turnaround in the negative reviews.  And if I suddenly see a bunch of reviews that sound "planted', well, that is not too hard to figure out.Third...  Their sushi has gotton way overpriced and the pieces of fish have gotten really small.So, I am done with the place.  I will probably stop by in a few months.  But right now, that Pho place down the street is way better than this.  Not to mention the sushi I can get at that one Asian market that is just a little further up on the strip.  Too bad.  I LOVE dol-sut-bi-bim-barp, and this place used to nail it.  I am not a small ticket customer either.  Just for me, my standard order was a bottle or two of soju, dol-sut-bi-bim-barp, or the grilled korean short ribs, a few pieces of salmon sushi, and then whatever the wife wanted.  And I would tip 20%.  Way to save cash dude!edit - 12 June 2011...I have eaten here about three times since I wrote the above review.  I still do not get sushi here, but the side dishes have taken a turn for the better.  Still not enough different ones, but better than it was.  And the food has gotten a little better.  I still have not really pigged out at the weekend meat buffet.  And it is on my list of "things I REALLY want to do", will write it up when I do it.  problem is, for what they charge, and how little the wife eats, not worth it.  Maybe I will be able to sneak down there some night.  I'll just tell the wife I am going to a strip club.  She gets really torqued off when I eat out and I don't take her...
3	Update to my previous review: I've gone here a few times since then hoping to reclaim the initial wonderful dining experiences I've had and all three times the fish was meh to bad. It makes me sad because when it was good, it was truly something special..Just want to voice some dissent to all the negative reviews. I think this is some of the best sushi in Pittsburgh for the price. You can always get a table and the fish is really good. The best thing to get is a combo platter and then ask for no squid or octopus. They will really hook it up. I've never really gotten any of the rolls. I did have some of the korean food and was very underwhelmed. The short ribs are pretty sub-par and if you get the spicy fish salad I think they use almost spoiled raw fish and try to mask the flavor with the spicy sauce. However, if you stick to the combo platter I think its generally pretty great (relative to the other options)
1	Absolutely the worst sushi my husband and I have ever had.  It was Gross!!! I don't know why they use so much rice or why the fish wasn't cold.  You couldn't pay me to go back to this place!
3	My family and I had the intention of visiting another restaurant in the area but they were not open of lunch so Sushi Kim was our lunch alternative. We were pleasantly greeted when we entered the restaurant and seated in a corner table. The service was attentive, we were brought water and green tea before our meal started. Their menu is a cross of Japanese and Korean. We ordered a mix - my brother, the Korean beef, my dad and sister shared a sushi platter and my mom and I both got beef bulogi. Portions were reasonable, I was surprised they were not American sizes. My brother enjoyed the beef, but it did not come with rice thought. My dad and sister said the sushi was average. The beef bulogi was ok, filling but have had better across the border. Each entree was under $12 and the sushi platter was about $15. Not bad for lunch prices. An ok place to visit if you are on Penn Ave. I would like to compare to other japanese/korean places in the area.
2	I'm new to Pittsburgh with a job on the North Shore. I had a craving for some Korean food and went to the place nearest my office - Sushi Kim in the Strip District that boasts both Korean food and sushi.Let me say up front - the food I received was delicious. But, I was a bit disappointed with the portion size for my lunch entree. For $12.95, I received just a few portions of ribs (I ordered the kalbi), just 3 ban-chan (side dishes of kimchi, sprouts and broccoli), a small serving of white rice and a miso soup.Delicious food, small portions and a bit overpriced.  I was thinking of coming back to try to sushi, but I think the price structure needs to be reworked before I return.
4	I have been ordering takeout a lot from Sushi Kim recently, because they are quick, close to home, and consistent.3 rolls to split and an order of edamame usually comes to about $20. I have been on a no fish kick, so usually get some vegetarian options and sometimes an extra specialty roll for the bf. Their simple rolls are nicely done - the avocado roll has big, healthy chunks of avocado (my fave) and is tightly rolled. I also love the tofu roll. Also, these are big rolls (8 pieces I think) so one could pretty much fill me up.My order is usually ready in 15 minutes and the service is friendly. I've eaten in several times as well, sitting at the sushi bar is the best spot, in my opinion. The owners/staff are very friendly, and they have good sushi!
4	I just went for lunch earlier in the day and HAD to write a review as soon as I got back!For starters, this review is only for their sushi, I didn't have any of the Korean food.It was super cute in there and the waiters were reserved, but nice. At first I thought that it was a little expensive for the Pittsburgh area, but after I got my rolls, I thought otherwise! It's a realllllyyyy good deal because my sushi pieces were humongous! I got the most fish I have EVER had on a maki roll! While there were 8 pieces per roll, the sizes were so big that at any other place, there would have been at least 12 pieces per roll. The only complaint I'd have is that a few of the pieces fell apart bc they were not rolled tightly enoughIn addition to the awesome portion size, they also brought us (my bf and I) two bowls of free miso soup AND free edamame!Let's just say that I am super impressed :)
3	I met a friend here for lunch last Sunday because we wanted sushi and thought it was the only sushi place open in the Strip. Also, we wanted a nice place to sit and talk and this fit the bill. We only had maki rolls, which came with miso soup, and we ordered seaweed salad. The salad was fabulous and the soup was good. The rolls were disappointing, however; while the amount of fish was good, as noted by another reviewer, we both thought that the taste was bland and there were very few veggies in the rolls. As we strolled in the Strip later, we realized that Andy's Sushi at Wholey's was open on Sunday and, based on past experience, I think we would have been much more satisifed with the food there.
3	Meh. I would say Korea Garden in Oakland is way better...I got the spicy tofu pot and although it was spicy- that was all that I could taste! The spices were very overwhelming and I couldn't really enjoy the flavors of any of the ingredients inside! I would rather take the trip to Korea Garden down near Atwood street.
4	I was surprised to see the volume of avg. to poor reviews here.  I don't write many reviews, but I'm a fan of Sushi Kim and think this place deserves more stars.  It's tough to find good sushi in the Pittsburgh area, and I'm not going to pretend it's the best sushi I've ever had.  However, relative to the quality, portions, and prices of other sushi options in Pgh I think Sushi Kim is among the best.  The service is always excellent and quick.  I'm always surprised (and a bit sad) the place isn't more crowded.  On the bright side though there's never a wait for a table or your meal.  The portions are large and the prices are fair.  My "go tos" are the spicy tuna and spicy spider rolls.  My girlfriend and I have been here several times and never been dissapointed.  Highly recommend.
5	I have been going to Sushi Kim for about 15 years. While some of the more harder to find items are not on the menu (abalone, anago, otoro), I have never been disappointed with the food or service there. Really good Korean food and very fresh sushi. Like I said, I have been going for 15 years and Mr and Mrs Kim never disappoint us.
3	Overall, this was pretty good Korean style cuisine, and the sushi was fresh, well prepared and reasonably priced.  If we had been in town longer, the Good Doctor and I would have checked out the weekend Korean BBQ bar upstairs. We perused, and it looked pretty good - sort of a Mongolian Beef BBC concept, except Korean style. The first night of our conference at the nearby convention center, we were surprised it wasn't more crowded, considering the close proximity. However, by the second day of our conference, our colleagues had caught on and filled up the restaurant.We heartily recommend - there's not much else in that neighborhood, and Sushi Kim is filling the gap nicely.
4	one of my favorite restaurants! This is by far the richest bolgolgi I have ever tasted. The staff is the friendliest, Michael is my favorite waiter..super funny! Yes, I am slightly bias because I am Korean but its great food. It's def more on the pricey side I would say compared to most Korean places. I always order the fried pork dumplings and beef bolgolgi. It's obviously cheaper during lunch but I feel that the portions are rather small in the "box" your food comes in. I'm not impressed with their alcohol selection, they need more mixed drinks! I have never tried the sushi so can't comment on that. I do wish it was more of the traditional Korean BBQ. They bring a small cooker to your table and make it but still isn't the same. Nonetheless food is great, this place is def worth checking out.
3	Food is completely un-authentic, but tasty.  Service is mediocre.  Ambiance is fun.
3	A group of friends and I went to try out the Korean BBQ. Apparently that is only available on the weekends, so be warned. We started off a bit on the wrong foot, because we had made reservations in advance, only to be told when we got there that another, larger party had booked out the upstairs BBQ area, so they wouldn't be able to accommodate us. After staging a bit of a hissy fit, they were able to find a place for us, and the adventure commenced.So, having had Korean BBQ in both New York and San Francisco, I can't say that I thought this was the best experience. The kim chi selection is pretty limited when you're used to being plied with multiple little plates of different kinds of tasty kim chi. Here, they only give you the pickled cabbage. If you're looking for vegetables, this is not your place. You can take marinated bulgolgi, kalbi, pork, and chicken, plus there's calamari and shrimp for seafood eaters. The chicken was really tasty, but the rest of the selection was a bit bleh. As one of my friends put it, the bulgolgi from Trader Joe's is better than what we had here.If you go, be nice to your tablemates and try to rotate the cooking duties. It's really lots of fun to go with friends and to have a communal experience, so even though I'm not sounding like I had a great time, the reality is that we all had a lot of fun and enjoyed ourselves. But don't go thinking that you are going to have the culinary experience of your life.
2	Sushi Kim has long held a reputation as one of the best sushi restaurants in town. However, after repeated visits, I wonder if this stems from the day when Sushi Kim was practically the only sushi restaurant in town. Please note that this review pertains to the sushi dining only, for dinner. I've not been there for lunch or had the Korean food.My most recent visit typifies each time I've had there. Upon arrival, the place is nearly empty. The service is attentive but indifferent, as if they realize you're a dirty dish that needs to be cleaned - you're taken care of like any other chore.The miso soup arrived, and was very tasty. However, it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool. This is pretty normal, as well. The most disappointing part is the sushi itself. It is not inexpensive (really, sushi is rarely inexpensive), but upon arrival, it is a bit too warm, and just doesn't taste fresh. Being that much of this dish consists of raw fish, freshness concerns me a bit more than, say, french fries at a bar. Each and every variety is equally disappointing, with the end result being "Meh" to "Yech." With such a large population of sushi places in Pittsburgh these days, and even Giant Eagle in a pinch, there is not really a reason to frequent this place anymore. After a handful of visits based on reputation and the hope that this time might be better, I've made my last trip to Sushi Kim.
2	I've been to Sushi Kim few times over the years and every time I've gone there the food and service hasn't lived to it's reputation of being one of the best Korean restaurant atleat in Pittsburgh.The food is okay.. service is mediocre and staff ... not the friendliest :)So, if anyone asks me to recommend a good korean or a sushi place... you can say this will definitely not make the list.
4	In the past, when I was still living in Pittsburgh, we would go here for the Korean BBQ almost every weekend. I have since found out that it is extremely difficult to get in as it is always reserved by one large group or another (I'm calling you out CMU Korean Student Association). Maybe I'm just unlucky with the timing of my visits. Regardless, I find it hard to believe the upstairs is exactly filled by these groups. Rather I think they are actually allowing them to reserve the whole floor, which is unfortunate and bad long term business IMO.The menu food is OK, a tad expensive, and there are better places.I'll reluctantly give 4 stars since I haven't actually been able to eat here in over a year (Maybe next time I'm coming to Pittsburgh I will call ahead and put in a reservation, but other Yelpers seem to indicate they will push you out in favor of larger reservations).
4	I make it a point to walk down to suski Kim when I'm shopping in the strip district.  I love there sushi.  If you like hot make sure you get the after death roll with an habenero sauce.  It spicy but not going to kill you,  actually has great flavor.  Service is always great anytime I've been there.  Be sure if your craving sushi when in the strip take the walk down.  Only about 5 min past wholeys!
4	I'm visiting Pittsburgh and I found this place online with several good reviews. It's a small family owned restaurant and had a very friendly staff. I found that there was a small number of specialty rolls that have a variety of ingredients and sauces, which commonly are much larger rolls. These tend to be my favorite, so I was disappointed. The rolls that were more simple had large pieces of fish and were quite delicious. Overall a great place for sushi.
4	good Korean food, killer miso and seaweed salad - we'll be back.
5	This place is cute! I adored their sushi as did the hot, spicy beef/veggie soup I had with kim chee (I can't remember the names of everything). Great service too.
3	Hard to rate this one. The Korean BBQ is tasty (though it is the only Korean BBQ I've ever had, so take that for what it is worth), but the sushi is just awful.The salmon sashimi that I had on my last visit was terrible. It was warm, and didn't taste fresh at all. Their rolls are very limited and are mostly pretty boring. Even if simple maki is your thing, these seemed very expensive for poor quality.On the other hand, the Korean BBQ was fun and tasty. It's a shame it is only available a few days a week.My advice? Skip the sushi. Eat the BBQ.
1	If you're in the mood for fresh, tasty sushi, this is not the place for you. The food that was delivered to us was simply inedible. Point blank. My husband and I ordered a bunch of sushi for dinner with the plan of having tasty leftovers for lunch the next day, so we splurged a little, spent like $60 on various rolls. The presentation was pretty pathetic - wilting nori, leading us to believe these rolls were pre-made; hot pink ginger, meaning it's the MSG-soaked kind; glue-like rice, where you can't see the individual grains - but what really horrible was the smell. When we took the lid off the tray, the stench of rotten fish knocked both if us back. I honestly gagged.It was so awful, we just stared at each other, amazed that we just spent our money on a pile of stinking rot. Determined to not waste everything, I picked up a piece of spider roll to sniff/inspect/try. IT HAD A HUGE HAIR IN IT, all wound around the crab. Totally disgusting. My husband attempted to try the inari - just tofu and rice, right? It tasted like rotten fish, as it had absorbed all the smells from the other fish rolls. We had also ordered a vegetable and tofu soup, and a green salad with ginger dressing. Can't even believe this, but the salad leaves were brown and slimy on the ends! They actually screwed up a green salad. The soup tasted like the inside of an aluminum pot, all metallic and burnt-flavored. Horrible, horrible, horrible. We literally dumped everything down the garbage disposal. Total waste.We tried to call and complain, but by the time our order was delivered, the place was closed. We will be calling again today to get our money back. Maybe they will earn themselves another star if they do the right thing and refund our money.
4	Their Korean food is good and the price isn't too bad (compared to other korean food restaurants in the area). Very spacious. They have sushi and Korean bbq there as well. Yum!
2	Staff are friendly. Sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better. Otherwise this is a decent sushi place for a lunch once in a while.
5	Ate here last night and it was absolutely the best meal I have had at Sushi Kim. Wife got the usual pork bulgogi and I got standar dol sut bi-bim-bap. It was unbelievably good. It wasn't because I was really hungry. It was perfect. Every single bit of both meals was perfectly proportioned and seasoned. And the side dishes were GREAT except I really missed not having sweet potato and little omelet ban chan. I will cut out Dosani and Korean Kitchen as long as Sushi Kim keeps this up!
2	I had a lunch there once. The food is ok but it's on the pricy side. I don't think I will be back.
2	There are much better sushi choices available.  This place is just okay, but I like sushi to be spectacular.  The employees were lots of fun, they had the best sense of humor, and the service was excellent. The prices were very good.I was there on a Monday, so I just tried the sushi.  I might go back for the Korean BBQ.
1	Don't bother with the sushi, can't speak to the Korean BBQ.Long story short: I ordered delivery. Never had sushi delivered before, so maybe this is just the way it goes, but it took almost two hours to get to me. There was condensation inside the sushi container from the rolls sitting on top of the other entree I'd ordered (which was hot) and being held against it in a small bag. Assuming that the rolls were made long before I got them, I just threw out the tuna roll, which was warmer than room temp anyway. Vegetable roll was good, but not exceptional. Fried rice was...just not what I expected, not exceptional either. In short, I paid almost $40 for a cucumber roll and two bites of rice. Maybe this is better when you dine in. Still, would not recommend. Pricey and doesn't live up to it at all.
1	Being Korean and my kids and I visit all the Korean restaurants when we are out of town.  Since my daughter goes to PITT we wanted to treat our daughter to Korean food.  My family including my wife who is non- Korean always order    and if this is how they want to represent Korean food to others they are doing disservice to our heritage.   was the worst I have ever had.  Their  had lettuce as one of mixing choices and their meat was hamburger meat?  Will not go back.
3	I came here about three times for the all-you-can eat Korean BBQ and twice for a regular meal. For the BBQ, it is expensive but at least you could try to eat ~$22 worth of meat and kimchi. They do ask you not to waste meat, which makes sense. I really like the kimchi and pickled daikon radishes they have on the side. To grill they have galbi, bulgolgi pork, spicy chicken, regular beef and pork, squid, shrimp, and mushrooms. You can also make your own sauces and add garlic and onion to the meat.I would not recommend coming here for the regular food. The food is good, but the portion sizes are ridiculously small, especially for the high prices. Their bibimbap doesn't even come with rice.
5	For sushi, seaweed salad and beef bulgogi this place this place is five stars!!  Some of the best sushi in the Burgh.
3	Pittsburgh is not known for its Asian cuisine, but Sushi Kim's might just be the most popular Korean restaurant in the city.  I've been here just a couple times.  The venue is by no means impressive.  The decor is very dated and dark.  Whatever you do, do not drink the water.  My friend claims that it made him sick to his stomach.  Pittsburgh is not well known for its tap water.  I'm going to take a water bottle with me the next time I go.The first time, I went a friend and I had the kalbi and the mandu.  It was palpable, but nothing special.  I've heard that the kalbi is one of the better things on the meal, but I personally don't like eating with my hands.The second time, another friend of mine introduced me to soondubu.  I got the vegetable only soondubu, while my friend got the regular soondubu.  Soondubu is a spicy tofu based soup.  Traditionally, it is served with vegetables and shellfish.  My friend was kinda disappointed with the regular, because it only had shrimp. For me, the vegetable soondubu hit the spot!  On a cold winter's day, this spicy soup was absolutely perfect!  Craving to go back again!I've heard the BBQ dinner is very good!
4	One of my favorites in the Burgh for almost 20 years.
1	I am sorry to say that this place still STINKS.  I work in the strip and often get temped by Sushi Kim.  I stopped in for lunch today and I was the only person in the whole place.  That should have tipped me off.  The last time i was there i had a bad meal, but i wanted to give them another shot.  I ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu.  I believe is was L1......Numbered menu items.....Another tip.   My food was terrible.  The miso soup was horrid and old, the sides were awful and everything seemed to be microwaved.  AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!
2	I don't give 2 stars that often but sorry Kim - you were a bitter disappointment. I was excited to have found a Sushi place in Pittsburgh in walking distance to my apartment. That excitement didn't last for too long when I entered the place on a Monday evening at 7pm, realizing that I was the only one in a rather spacious restaurant.Fine, I had a Sushi craving and couldn't care less. Until the Sushi arrived. I ordered my Spicy Tuna and Salmon rolls, both came within 2 minutes. Strange? Maybe, or just a super fast chef. Sadly, the rolls were falling apart as soon as I looked at them, and the Salmon even tasted... bad. I had to leave it on the plate, which has never happened to me before.On the plus side, the miso soup was okay and the service was very attentive, which is not surprising if you're the only one in that place. As there are not too many Korean options in Pittsburgh I encourage you to try the Korean BBQ, especially as the reviews for the Korean food at Kim's on Yelp are not that bad. But for the Sushi - forget it.
3	Second time I try coming here for Korean BBQ. Apparently it's only offered during weekends after 4:30.When we arrived it was pretty empty for wed night.Very overpriced. I got a bim bap that was very bland and has to add tons of soy sauce.
5	Had some of there sushi to start and then had one of their hot pots. Good sushi. The pork hot pot was awesome!!! Love all the condiments.
2	I didn't have the awful experience some had here based on prior reviews, but it was definitely mediocre.  I went on a Wednesday evening and the place was totally dead except maybe one couple sitting by the sushi bar part of the time I was there.  Which is sad because they have such a huge space with 2 levels, lots of seating, and great proximity to both the Strip and downtown.  A lot more could be done with this place.  The menu was printed in very poor quality with what could have been nice pictures of food options but they were super fuzzy and hard to see.  It seemed like their Korean menu was pretty varied but I had come for the sushi.  I ordered the Kim's Favorite Roll which was described as "Tuna, Yellowtail, Broiled Eel, and Salmon"  but what I wasn't expecting was the salmon to be cooked all the way through.  Maybe I  should have read it as "broiled eel and salmon" but that wasn't clear or typical of this sort of roll.  Normally eel is cooked but the other fish are raw unless specified otherwise.  Maybe you'd have a fried roll or something baked or seared on the top, but to cook one type of fish that is normally raw and mix it inside with 2 raw types just seems strange to me.  So it ended up being a really odd combination with the raw tuna and yellowtail next to the cooked sushi which wasn't so great all squished together inside the roll.  The sushi roll was quite large at 16 pieces, but I still felt that 18.95 was really pricey considering the quality of the fish was only mediocre with small portions, and they used a TON of rice. The quality of the fish was again just ok.  Not super fresh but not bad either.  The rolls (and those of my friends) kept falling apart as we tried to eat them.  It seemed they weren't properly wrapped or maybe it was just that they tried to use way too much rice.  One fun thing was that all the rolls came out on little boats, so that was a nice touch.  The roll also came with a miso soup, which was fine but nothing special.  The miso soup didn't have the awful taste some others here reported but it tasted like what I'd make from a powered package rather than made fresh.  I also got the shrimp shumai which were again just ok, and tasted like what I could get from the freezer section of an asian store and microwave myself rather than made fresh.  One person at our table got a Korean dish which came with 4 side dishes that were all vegetable except for the fish cakes.  She said her food tasted decent but the beef bul go gi dish she got just didn't look right or have the proper color it should have had.  Just liked kind of dry and plain.  When I went to the restroom I was disturbed to see trays of the Korean side dishes in the hallway just sitting out in the open not covered or anything!  It would be different if the restaurant were bustling but it was totally dead and pretty clear those wouldn't be eaten that evening (so I shudder to think that after hours sitting out uncovered unrefrigerated that they put them out again the next day and hoped someone would eat them...).  If you aren't that busy there is no reason things can't be prepared to order!  That is simply lazy.  Also I overheard part of a conversation between a waiter and a guy at the sushi bar about something being "expired" and what to do about that.  Unfortunately I couldn't hear all the details but it was disturbing since this was after we all had gotten our food already.  I mean it's good they are being mindful of expiration dates but it sounded like someone had to be schooled on it based on what I heard.  But granted that I only heard bits and pieces so I can't say for sure.  I don't think I'll go back here again.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Real authentic Korean dishes! I just moved to Pittsburgh and their aren't really a lot of good asian styles food around. Went into sushi Kim thinking I would only order sushi, but my friend told me to order from their main menu. The short ribs are to die for! Plus they have homemade kimchi which was very tasteful. I came to this place about 5-7 times since I moved here. Love the Korean BBQ! GREAT SERVICE OVERALL! Prices are a bit to high but is worth every penny! DEFF COMING BACK!
4	I cringed when I saw that their BBQ buffet price went up to $24/person, considering that I can go to a seafood buffet 10 minutes away for much less. Sushi Kim is a clean and bright place with seats on all two floors. The Korean BBQ buffet is on the second floor and only available on Friday and Saturday evenings starting at 5pm. The service was wonderful and the servers really helpful. The Korean BBQ is buffet style, so you help yourself to the raw proteins and vegetables at the buffet bars and then cook them on your hot plate at your table. It's a really fun and interactive eating experience. There weren't that many choices for proteins, but the choices that were available were all delicious. Protein choices ranged from mussels and shrimps to pork, chicken and beef. My favorite was the bulgogi beef. There were a few things I disliked about the Korean BBQ at Sushi Kim though. First off, they offered no butter or oil for the BBQ. I understand that they are trying to keep things healthy and all, but without any grease, the food was easily burnt. Butter or oil should always be an available option. Secondly, I did not like the design of their hot plates--the interior cooking area was way too tiny so it took forever to cook the food. And finally, they need to add a DESSERT BAR. After eating all that grilled food, I craved something sweet and refreshing. But, Sushi Kim left me hanging. Sushi Kim is already charging a whopping $24 per person--it would be nice if they throw in a dessert bar to sweeten up the deal (pun intended). Overall, I'm very thankful there is a Korean BBQ place in Pittsburgh. For being the only Korean BBQ buffet place in the area, it deserves a standing ovation. I had a great time at Sushi Kim and would gladly recommend the Korean BBQ buffet special. Buffet price was a bit high though, so crack open that piggy bank!
4	I ordered the entree that had ground beef with sesame oil and vegetables and I found it to be delicious. I also found the service to be very friendly and thorough. The waitress told me there would be a longer wait time for my dish so I would be prepared. Then after my meal she was apologetic about the wait and service, of which I really had no criticisms to offer. I found the interior to be very decorative.I've come across the other reviews that seem to be more directed at the Sushi and during non-busy hours. I went late Saturday evening and it was very busy. Also, the price was reasonable. In regards to the food my only gripe was that the ground meat seemed cold, but the rest of the meal was delicious. In all honesty given the overall experience, I am being borderline nit-picky to dock a whole star from the rating. Regardless, the food was very good and the service excellent.
1	Tried this place based on reviews in local paper and friends. This place was awful. We asked questions of the server and ordered based on them. Neither was good.y friend said she cannot eat real spicy food and asked them to tone it down. Her meal was so hot she couldn't eat it.  Mine was just disappointing. The only thing I found good was the plain rice. I also thought it was extremely over priced. Will not return.
3	Last time I was here was about 3 years ago. I have been avoiding this place since the recent reviews have been very mixed.  Today I was in the mood for BulGogi and my friend wanted sushi.  So at Sushi Kim we arrived.  I have never been here for dinner, only lunch and there is always enough tables and space.  (Perhaps this is the best time to go) We both ordered from their lunch special menu; Sushi sampler & spicy pork BulGoGi & also an app of shrimp dumplings.  Was not a fan of the dumplings but our pork was delicious, tender and spicy and the sushi was a nice mix and fresh.  My friend ordered the green tea ice cream and my sample of it was quite tasty.  We each had a glass of wine and with tip got out of there at around $50.00.  Not bad.  Their menu is extensive and it may be hit or miss here depending on what you order.  I have always had a hit with their BulGoGi, Korean Pancake, Hot Pots and   sushi.  Their service was attentive, but again, we were there for a late lunch and the place was not packed.  All in all, the food was very tasty, service was good and price was respectable.
3	Went here for the ayce Korean bbq. I'm from LA where KBBQ is kind of a religion, so I was looking for a place to fill my craving. Flavor wise, it was pretty good and there was a descent selection. It was kinda of pricey though. 25 after tax. For the lower selection and high price that I'm used to, it's not somewhere I'm going to be coming to regularly.
4	I've had the korean bbq (2nd floor) several times now, and it's consistently good. We probably go once a month now. Service is great, and the restaurant is very clean. While it's not a very comprehensive korean bbq in terms of banchan (none really) and grilling selections, each item they have is top quality and delicious. Kalbi is great, the bulgogi is great, shrimp and marinated chicken is good. There's some other assorted seafood and pork as well. Then you have some kimchi/radish, lettuce for wrapping, and each person gets a bowl of white rice. But in any case, you should fill up on the meat at korean bbq, not the banchan right? So I think overall it's pretty good :).
5	I love sushi kim. The little owner always welcomes me with open arms. She is kind and always on top of providing good service. The owner watched the steeler game with my boyfriend and I while we ate our food. He joked with us and was very personable. The food is delicious and I always leave with a full stomach. The sushi is unique and beautifully plated. AND THE KIMCHI IS THE BEST IN PITTSBURGH HANDS DOWN.
4	One of the better Korean places in Pittsburgh. The service wasn't good at all, but the food was!
