5	Great pizza.  Reasonably priced.  It changed my life.Fun atmosphere, every wall is covered in TVs, expect it to be busy during sporting events!
1	Visited this place twice and both times received really poor service, once at the bar and once a table. Pizza was okay; better than Domino's but nothing special. I like playing Buzztime Trivia and QB1. The third time I went there the Arizona Cardinals were featured as the QB1 game. I go to a sports bar to watch the other NFL games because the Cardinals are on regular television. If I wanted to watch the Cardinals I would do so at home. I didn't stay that day and haven't been back since. The place might have gotten better, might still be the same. I'm not willing to take the chance.
3	If your a sports junkie this is the place for you. This place if covered wall to wall with T.V.'s. The service wasn't to good. It took a while for someone to help us but by the end of the night it got better. The food is good. We had pizza and a few appetizers. Its reasonably priced. Good beer selection. The place gets full pretty quick so go early.
4	I think my first visit to Santisi was in 1998, when it occupied the far south portion of the current space. It was a long, narrow shop run by two brothers that had relocated here from NYC. My friends and I would head over for lunch a couple of times a week because there was noone else ever there and it was the best NY style pizza anywhere near the office. The slices were huge, the cheese was just right, and the prices were cheap.Well I guess we didn't really need to worry about them staying in business because it's 10 years later they have built one of the most amazing sports bars in the entire Phoenix area.After acquiring the storefronts adjacent to them, they now have a spaceous location. If you like sports, and I mean any kind of sports, this is the place to head to for a group watch. They have over 60 screens throughout and if you don't see the match up that you are looking for, simply head over to the bar or alert your waiter/waitress and it will soon be up somewhere in the room. A couple of hints: 1) if you are going on a big game day, get there early - this place starts to actually rock with all the energy produced, and 2) if you are showing up with a big group, call ahead and reserve some tables - otherwise you may find yourself spread all over the bar.The menu has grown substantially and now inlcudes several seafood options in addition to the standard pizza, pasta, and calzone offerings. When I visit, I usually get an order of wings (seriously the best in Phoenix) and a Mushroom and Cheese pie (because it's pretty close to one that I was addicted to in Manhattan), fold the peice up sammie style and let the grease drip down - YUMMO. Actually the only thing that I've ever had that wasn't pretty decent were the zeppelies. They are supposed to be delicate little fried, airy peices of dough dusted with powdered sugar, but these chew more like peices of bazooka.They have a buffet at lunch, a dirt cheap HH, Poker tournies, trivia, a full service bar, reasonable prices on most of their food, and ummm have you ever seen 60 screens outside of Frys Electronics?!!  And for those of you interested in the softer sex, they have the Santisi version of Hooters girls, called.... you guessed it - Santisi Girls.I have a feeling that if Tony and his gang would have looked for an alternative to the BadaBing, they might have opted for someplace just like this!
5	I'm a regular, I love it, and it loves me...Can not go wrong with Santisi Brothers. It's usually packed, so get there early, and be sure to tip your waitresses!!
3	santisis is a place for any sports fan. this looks like some stupid little place from the outside, but it's large and is divided into 2 bar areas. one are is the main large bar with a variety of tables, the big bar, and numerous tvs. the other area is a smaller bar area with tables, darts, pool tables, and a smaller bar. THERE ARE POSITIVES AND NEGATIVES. the positives:  there are NUMEROUS FLOOR TO CEILING, AND WALL TO WALL tvs. there's tvs on every inch of the walls, large and small. you will see all sports all over the place.  the menu is extensive ranging from your typical wings, to italian, to seafood, to pizza, to barbeque. they are known for their excellent pizza. they do have a happy hour, but i only believe it's for their draft beer and they are known for their monster beers, i think $3.00 or $3.50. the bar is big with alot of tables. large outdoor smokers patio. the negatives:  it's very dark, almost like a big cave. there are no windows. it gets very crowded and the tables are practically on top of one another. there is zero room to manuever around all of the different tables without knocking into someone. there are alot of really drunk people in here so it doesn't help that there is super limited room to get around.  there are no reduced food prices for happy hour. COME ON, every bar in the entire area accept for padre murphys has reduced food prices or free food during happy hour. they have a $9.00 buffet on fridays from 11-1 with all you can eat wings, pizza, and a couple other things.  their happy hour drink prices are fairly limited depending on what you drink. regular priced drinks are on a higher end. the beer is ok, but if you start drinking shots and mixed drinks, it's higher then other sports bars. their menu items are pricey. just a basket of chicken strips is over $9.00 .  other items range from $7.50-$16.00 .  if you want to watch sports here, GET HERE ATLEAST 1 1/2  HOURS EARLY. gamedays are extremely crowded. the service is actually pretty good considering how busy they are. even though they have tons of tvs, they'll have something stupid on some of them that no one wants to watch, and have the important games on the others, so just because there's alot of tvs, doesn't mean you'll have a clear view of the game you want. and they won't turn the stupid things off. BEWARE, if you are a soda or iced tea drinker, they will give you 1 free refill and charge you for all the rest. they DON'T tell you that until you see multiple charges on your bill. so, sports,  really good.  tons of tvs. quality food, but pricey.  no food specials for happy hour. ok drink specials on happy hour only. otherwise, drinks are higher then other places. great pizza. very cramped. suggestion; GO TO RT OSULLIVANS 59 AVE & BELL RD if you want a nicer sports bar with better pricing and also has a huge amount of plasmas everywhere.
5	Great Food....Good ServiceExcellent ManagementGood Drinks115 tv's (guesstimate)
3	Until recently, I would have rated Santisi's 5 stars.A ton of tv's, karaoke two nights a week and a HUGE bar.  Darts, pool, video games and music.  Good food... excellent pizza and wings, excellent appetizers and drinks.Very entertaining.Except for the meat market part.  Really not Santisi's issue, but it really is an issue.I've almost gotten into like 3 fights because men are such assholes there.  The girls just ignore each other, which is fine with me.I also am under the impression someone slipped something into my drink one night and I got damn lucky I left an hour after that drink at 830pm on a friday. (or so I was told by my friends I was with... I truly do not remember and I definitely did not have too much to drink... I am the first one to admit something like that.)  It could have been a lot worse for me from that place and I have refused to go back since.
5	Let me go ahead and say it. This is the best sports bar in the entire Phoenix area.Everything is affordable. The pizza is exceptional, and all of the food in general is great. The servers have always been very attractive. It packs in a crowd, and there are some very intense sports fans in the place.Most notably, Santisi Brothers has what is called the "Wide Wall of Sports". I believe there is somewhere on the low side of 100-150 TVs in this place, and it really is not that huge. The wall is quite literally covered with TVs. There are some main screens which are extremely large that the main events go on, but you can watch anything you want on the smaller TVs.As someone who bets on college football, I can really appreciate a place where I can go in and watch some obscure game that is important to me and almost no one else. I'm able to get a TV to myself while enjoying a really, really, good pizza. Can't beat that.These are the reasons why this place has grown so substantially. I've watched this place go from mildly crowded on NFL Game Day to packed every single night. It deserves the business every bit. They do a great job.One day I was in Santisi's with a friend watching a game. We had ordered a pizza. There was a half eaten slice left on his plate. We had finished eating quite awhile ago and were sitting there watching the game. I was confused as to why the server hadn't taken the plate with the half eaten pizza away. Eventually I told her she could take it. Apparently she understood that I was confused as to why she hadn't taken it earlier, and she told me, "Sorry, I've just learned that you never take food off a man's table unless he's well prepared for it." Amen. Yep, best sports bar in the city.Oh yeah, don't try to park in the front. There's a huge parking lot back behind the building.
5	Although, my sports bar/grill experience is a little more limited than most I must say Santisi Brothers ROCKS!!! I personally enjoy the happy hours typically on Friday evenings! I have found that the drinks are made strong (which is highly pleasurable) and the food is yummiiiieeeeee! I do find that the food is always served nice and hot. Oh who can forget the service team...great to look according to the guys I know. They have a great personality and are always happy to help! I would recommend Santisi brothers for a happy hour...which I know I will be there in about an hour or so!! See ya there!
5	Santisi Brother's has awesome pizza and the best calzone I have ever had. I can't eat them anywhere else and I crave one about once a week.  There are tons of tv's covering the walls in the main dining room so if you love sports and enjoy watching several games at once this place is for you. The only problem I have here is that the waitresses give better service if you are a guy or with a guy. Ayesha is right though there are always cute boys here! One offered to buy me a sea monster shot and I fell in love. Aaaah!
2	Overhyped and I don't know why.  Unless maybe those kids whose parents used the "electronic babysitter" too much grew up and found a place to feel at home - substitute a beer for the bottle, plop in front of TV.Selection of beers on tap had a couple of nice choices, but c'mon, if I'm going to have to pay $6.75 for a large so-called premium/import draft, I'd better be having a little more skin shaking in my face than I'd care to have from these "Santisi Girls".  I'm sure they're nice young ladies, but I don't see coming here for the benefit of their obligatory company or vacant personalities, even if I was a single horny young 21 yo dude.Saw a few small groups having fun with darts and pool balls, and a few lost souls at the bar.  Mostly I saw a few of the staff working hard (a busser and a waitress) while the rest of the folks in SB tshirts milled around and chit chatted each other up.There weren't many people when I was there kind of late on I can't remember if a Sunday or weeknight.  The lighting was quite bright, allowing me to see all that grime and slime that normally goes unnoticed in this type of place.  What you don't know CAN hurt you, but even so, ignorance is bliss, so I'm only eating in *dimly lit* sports bars from now on.   That lighting is there for a reason, and it's not just to cause you the lovely surprise of waking up hung over next to a sasquatch after a night of binge drinking with your community college "frat" buddies. I need a call out from my man, Flavor-Flav, BOYEEEEEEEE!!, cuz this one's made the Don't Believe the Hype List.
4	I love wings, absolutely love them... and you can tell how much i love them by my pictures... anyways, Santisi has awesome wings..The atmosphere can be a bit creepy at times and pretty dark, they have ton of TV's all tuned towards some sort of sport or game. Usually there is a lot of seating unless their is some sort of big game going on or its Friday night. The food there is awesome.. Great/awesome wings, the ribs there rock, the pizza is awesome too. The beer prices are good, and i reasonable. The waitresses are mostly hot, and really nice. Out of the 20+ times I've only had one "interesting experience" there (and no it didn't involve little people).I would definitely recommend this place.One note. Although it's a kid friendly bar, i wouldn't recommend bringing your kid there.
5	Love Santisi's! Ok, so it gets freaking crowded on Football Sunday, I mean like lines waiting for the place to open, and still not being able to get a seat, if you are in said line!  But there is a reason for it!  I mean it was like when they were decorating, they said, "hmm, what should we do with this part of the wall here?"..."Oh, we can fit another tv".  The floor to ceiling TV wall is a sight to see, ang big to little, quite funny looking.  I went for the 2nd round of games one Sunday, and they did an audience reaction over the loud speaker to find out which game would be played.  That was pretty cool!Everything I've ever had from Santisi's is fantastic, best bar food catergory at least! Not original and gourmet fantastic. I especially love the Pasta a la Santisi, or something along that line!  The Pizza is pretty good too!  The chicken tenders are definitely homemade and huge, I mean when I'm explaining them to some one I say it looks like they took a chicken breast sliced it in half and then battered and fried them.  So GOOD.  The onion rings are dipped in the same batter, and when you bite into them for the first time, you don't end up pulling the entire onion out!  Love it!I am not a big beer fan, so of course I stick the typical light beers, but I do know their isn't a huge selection, so if you are looking out side of Blue Moon and Fat Tire, you will not be satisfied.  But I will say, they do a dang good job at keeping your mugs icey cold, and this is a deal breaker for me.  They used to have a deal that started at like 10pm with the tall mugs, it was pretty cheap!
4	My Bro and I dropped into this bro spot (Santisi Bros) today for lunch. I've been here many times as it is right down the road from my neighborhood.It's dark inside, so prepared to be blinded if you exit mid-day. TONS of TV's lining the walls, most tuned in to a sporting event. Good beer & drink selection and good food selection. Pizzas, pastas, salads, calzones, sandwiches and more.Today I went with the eggplant parmesan sub and I really think it is the best damn one I have ever had. So damn tasty and perfect. Crisp bread with a soft inside, crispy eggplant slices, delish cheese. I don't think it can get any better. There pasta dishes are also HUGE, so be prepared. Santisi is a great neighborhood sports bar who happens to also make some damn good food. Recommended.
5	Nice sports bar to catch the game on a Sunday morning.We arrived at 9:30 to grab a table, and I was amazed how many TVs they had on all the walls. Awesome. There's even a map on each table to show which TV will show which football game for both the morning and afternoon schedule.Brunch buffet was alright. They had eggs, biscuits w/ gravy, breakfast burritos, sausages, pizza, wings, etc. Only until 11 though, then they offer the regular menu.Had a couple huge beers while watching the game, and later needed a nap after the game. lol!! My sister got an appetizer sampler with sliders, wings, and fried zucchini. Mmm...delicious!Service was really good as our waitress constantly brought me fresh coffee, refilled our drinks, and checked to see if I wanted another beer.A great place to watch some football on Sunday. They even have free wifi so you fantasy addicts can keep up on all the latest stats. ;P
4	Used to come out here all the way from Goodyear to meet up with friends. I've had a lot of drunken nights here...so much I took a little break from it all :) It's your typical sports bar. Tons of TVs, $5 Large Drafts, Pool Tables and what not. Friday/Saturday night don't expect the huge party scene...It mellow just how i like it. No nasty guys grabbing my ass or a line across the room just to use the loo. The very reason why Ii went there for my birthday.I took one star off just because it took a little long to get orders in for drinks and food, but not gonna b*^ch about it. PS suicide wings are delish...and so are the fried zuccinni.
4	So I visited this place two times over this weekend.... sounds bad right? Friday we shared a pizza and wings, 3 Capt and Cokes for me and several large mugs of beer for my sexy wife. Everything was great and the bill was cheap. We also tried some of the Spin Dip, Alfredo Chicken and garlic knots. Those were all good too. Sunday, the Cards were playing and so was the Green Bay and Vikings on at the same time. We had to go to a bar that had them both. I had the burger and a salad. While the burger was OK and most of you would have loved it I was underwhelmed and had hoped for better. I was disappointed by the salad too. It was lettuce and carrots and 2 small cherry tomatoes. The buddies sliders and wings were good.
4	Good place, dark, tons of TVs and great food, I like to sit in the restaurant area because it has more to view, and the bar area seems to be full of D-Bags but that's just me. But since it is close to home it's always up there on places to go when you want a quick drink or some bar food.
4	My neighbors turned me on to Santisi Brothers over a night of pizza and beer. Most recently I visited with my mom and hubby for a night of, well.....pizza and beer. The food here is great, with a nice selection for vegetarians. Try the garlic knots! They are soft, tasty knots of dough served with tomato sauce. Mmm. Cheese pizza was piled with cheese and the dough was perfection.Service was slow, but the waitress was super sweet and changed the tv to the game our group wanted to watch.
4	I was one of a party of 13 for a birthday party on Saturday night.  Yep, I was odd man out again and in more ways than one as I will note in a bit.  We got started a bit after 7 and first we got our drinks and spent some time chatting and reading the menus.  Most of the folks there had been there several times before.  Everybody but me wanted pizza and wings so I ordered fettuccine Alfredo ($18.95) with salad and garlic knots.  I know it's un American not to be a fan of pizza and wings.  Their antipasta arrived and I sipped on my beer.  Then the pizzas came, then the wings followed by my pasta.  Somehow my order got separated from the rest and I had to ask for my salad and bread which finally came last.  The side salad wasn't earth shattering but was solid and the garlic knots were nice warm pieces of bread.  The pasta was delicious.  I mentioned I was not a fan of pizza or wings but I was coerced in to trying both a pepperoni pizza slice and a couple of Giovanni wings.  Both were really good, the pizza was a thin  crisp in spots crust.  The wings had none of the heat I normally associate with wings.  I had to take some of the pasta and bread home with me.  After dinner there was warm Zepellies and the birthday girl got this huge ice cream/brownie/whipped cream thing which her husband and I finished most of.  If you followed along, you will note I ate a lot of different stuff and I paid for it for several hours afterward.For a large party we got quite good service except for my salad arriving late.  I just had the one beer (25oz) but most of the women were there to get their drink on and amongst them had several different mixed drinks and with one exception (weak) all were done well.This is a big sprawling place with 2 bars and more TVs than I have seen outside of Vegas.  The original space which is sort of set off from the rest of the area has pool tables and darts.  There is a good sized outdoor area too.
4	Huuuuu Jass Sports Bar.  Ok, I normally don't care for sports bars but this one rocks my socks.I discovered this place when I first moved to Phoenix and would get off at 11pm starving.  Holy cow they have awesome marinara!  I would order a stromboli or calzone and it came with a soup cup of marinara if you asked.  I could eat half and have breakfast in the morning.  This place has very equitable pricing especially during reverse HH.  Seriously huge beers for $5 and two-meal worthy dishes for around $10.  And then there is the most kickass thing of all... Buzztime trivia!As previously mentioned I am not a sports fan.  Because they have oodles of televisions they always leave a few on Buzztime, yay!  To wit, there is an active unit of regulars who play so there is always a challenger available.  I don't think I have ever been in there and had to play alone for more than a game.The servers are pretty good but there is one teeny-tiny mature bartender lady (can not remember her name) who has to be one of the best bartenders in the Valley as far as I am concerned.  This woman is amazing, she holds down a long bar, never gets a tab wrong and fends of weirdos with expertise. Santisi's is a good place to meet with west-siders as you each have to come a distance but not too far and the experience is worth it.  Why not five stars?  I once got 2 bills pinched off me in the bathroom in a drunken state and I dislike the super-high speed bumps you must cross to head east on Bell from their complex or flip a bitch on Bell where it is 6 lanes wide.  Neither of these things will stop me from going there though.
3	This is a pretty good sports bar, pleasant waitresses, literally wall to wall TVs, and good food.  They have the best, most authentic calzone I have had out here in AZ (properly mixed cheese filling, and they will not do more than three extra fillings as it would comprise the calzone: i would recommend getting garlic as one of your extras as it can be a bit mild without it).  Their wings are standard to good, pizza is passable ect.  One nice thing is they do have a cheap buffet option ($9 or $10) before noon on Sundays and for Monday night football that includes both buffalo and barbecue wings, a variety of pizzas, a couple of different salads, meatballs, breadsticks, baked pasta, ect.  Negatives are a relatively limited selection of beers on tap, and here is the really big minus for me: the TVs are not HD.  Sure it's great that you have a ton of TVs for a sports bar, but for even the feature big screens to not be 1080i at a minimum is just unacceptable.  If there are multiple games I want to keep track of and will spend the afternoon munching I am always happy to be here, but if I am just interested in a single game I will stay home as i have a bigger, better TV in my living room beckoning...
5	This is my FAVORITE place to come and hang out with friends.  The food is good and the drinks are even better.  I have been here on Sunday morning to watch football and almost had a seizure because I don't know which tv to focus on because they have all the games playing on multiple tv's.The watresses seem to always be in a good mood and having a good time. I have some of my best drunk memeories from here (Patron) that I can and can't remember.
3	I have been here a few times but only after 9pm and mainly only in the bar area. It tends to be bit overcrowded with the normal D-Bags you find in north Phoenix bars.Getting a drink is an ok experience... not instant service but less than a five minute wait usually. I cannot comment on the food I have never tried it.Minus the local crowd you get in this area the place is ok as far as atmosphere goes.The cops tend to stand outside all night so you get the idea of what goes on. PS - Someone stole my headlight while parked outside of this bar.
3	I have been to Santisi's serveral times and have never had a bad experience.  With that said; I have never had the time of my life either.  The food is good and the service is adequate.  I usually just open a tab at the bar as it seems to be a bit quicker to get drinks that way rather then wait on a waitress.It can get a bit crowded, and the bar side, with the pool tables and dart boards, should probably be redesigned to make better use of the space.  It can be a little awkward manuevering around the place.  With all things considered; it's a pretty cool spot to hang.
4	It's not a super classy joint, by any means, but it is definitely what I think a neighborhood bar should be, if it were on steroids.  Sports bar, pool hall, dart boards, pub grub, video games, and a tremendously average crowd.  Sometimes crowded, but the staff appeared to keep up pretty well.
4	Last night was my first night venturing to Santisi Bros as a fairly large group of us were getting together since we hadn't seen each other in a while.  I always thought how a restaurant handles large groups is what makes or breaks them.  I was disappointed in the wait staff.  It took about a half hour before we actually went inside and asked for a server.  And even then, we only saw her one more time after bringing our food before she vanished for another half hour.  We had to find her to close out our tab before we hit the inside for karaoke.  A good first impression this does not make.Now, I don't want to make this a wholly negative review.  The food was outstanding.  I didn't hear a single person have a problem with their food.  I had the Chicken Parmesan sub with onion rings. I was thoroughly impressed with the onion rings as the batter appeared to have been done by hand.  Very VERY tasty.Once we ventured inside, it was a very different story.  The wait staff was much friendlier and far more visible around our table, catching drink orders and in one case, belting out an awesome karaoke track that I, unfortunately, forget the title.  The beer was ice cold and seemed to stay that way the entire time it was in my mug.  The rest of the night was very fun and enjoyable.  I look forward to going back again soon.
5	Pizza and wings hit a spot that had not been hit in awhile. My 9 year old who had the flue 2 days ago ate 8 of the wings herself. The pizza is saucy, meaty, cheesy goodness. I would call this a Classic Pizza. The wings were meaty and saucy with just amount of kick. (Medium) The service is great.
4	This place has to be what Buffalo Wild Wings was like in the 1990's.  I've never seen so many CRT TV's in one spot in my entire life!  I recently stopped by to watch the Suns successfully spank the despised Spurs in the first game of the playoffs, so that alone may add a star to this review.Once you get past the fact the initial shock of how many TV's there are, the beauty of this place really sets in.  Each Table along the edge has it's own old-school big screen that as mentioned, is 98% likely to be tuned into sports - awesome!25 oz beers were under $4 and really hit the spot - word to the wise though, don't order a 12 oz right afterwards because when you put the two next to each other, the 12 ozer will make you look super wimpy.Food was great too - the pizza was some of the best I've had in a bar, and really revived my appreciation for the classic beer/pizza combo!All in all - great place to catch a game (any game!) and some beer with food that goes good with beer!
4	Been here a few times and every time the food is just great.  Keep trying new things and never disappointed.  Service is good and of course so are the drinks.Big time sports bar with TV's everywhere you look, so if you are looking for a quiet meal this isn't the place, but if your looking for a lively time or wanting to watch the game with good food and drinks this is the place.
3	Great sports bar.  Awesome wings and pizza.  Giant frosty mugs of Stella make me happy.My only complaint and hence the 3 stars was the waitress wouldn't take my dinner order until they had my credit card in hand..HUH..WHAT!!
4	I just received an email from the owner of Santisi Brothers.I love this personal touch of service and greatly appreciate a business owner taking the time to address a concern I have.While it is not always easy to relay an issue at an establishment, Yelp has been a great tool to get across any frustrations.John Santisi wrote to me today thanking me for my business and Since Santisi Brother has numerous exits, they have had a significant problem with walk outs.  In short, people have taken advantage of the business.  I don't like have to leave a credit card prior to ordering, but I understand the issue and believe that it is a legitimate way to control losses.  Plus, if it keeps prices down...then no worries.Long story short...still love Santisi Brothers and will return often.  When asked for my credit card up while ordering... i will hand it over with an understanding smile.
5	Let me just start by saing the food is good, not great but good. But why I love this place is cause of the TV's and the atmosphere! I mean I can go and watch anything from football to bikini contests from soccer to water polo all at once!! They have so many tv's.
3	Let me start off with two words GIOVANNI SAUCE!! What is this amazing sweet spicy tangy wonder that is covering my wings. Pure heaven is what it is. That's why I keep coming back to this place, it's not my typical place I would hang, I am not much of a super loud sports bar type of gal but when I get that sauce stuck in my head I have to have a fix. last time we went the waitress made us give her a credit card before we could eat and I thought that was weird.
5	Santisi's has been my watering hole for just past 9 years. They have EXCELLENT food, GREAT (gals) service, an AWESOME owner(s), FUN poker and More TVs than a Las Vegas Hotel.(Overall rating: 5/5 Stars. The following is rated by "out of five" stars.)Ambiance: 5/5Service: 5/5 - VERY friendly and funny.Food Taste: 5/5 - Best in (NY) Italian I've had. Best is their Lasagna.Food Quality: 5/5Cleanliness: 5/5 - Very kept up, always clean, and if a spill does occur, the staff immediately takes care of it.Friendly Staff: 5/5 - I've developed friends with some of the girls, and guys, outside of Santisi's.Fast Busing: 5/5 - Extremely - they're always there when you need them.Smoking Area: Outside, very large patio, and even some of the patio is segregated for non-smokers, if you prefer to bake in the AZ heat. (It's covered, though, with both heaters and misters.)Would I Return?: 5/5 Absolutely, I've been going for over 9 years, after all.Would I Recommend?: YesAnd to who?: Anyone from age 5-97Additional Information: You've gotta see it for yourself. Especially if you like sports. I don't particularly, except for channel FUEL ad D-Backs. I go for all the other reasons. The Girls, The Poker and the NTN.
5	Let me start out by saying the baked ziti is the best i have ever had, and my mother is a first generation Italian American :0).  Major kudos on that recipe!  The wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly!  The owners are outstanding guys, you can tell that with in the first 5 seconds of talking to them.  The environment gives vegas sports bars a run for their money with the amount of TV's in the joint.  You walk in and are consumed by every live sporting event.  (thats a dream come true)  I live in scottsdale and will drive up every sunday to watch NFL games at Santisi!  Best sports bar hands down!  Coors Light is my beer of choice and they have $2.75 16 oz aluminum pints and $10 buckets of 4!  GREAT DEAL!
4	Friday 10/1/10 Everything was great but we used an Entertainment Book discount and the waitress screwed it up 2 times. The 3rd time it was within a couple bucks of being correct and the family was ready to go. Watch your bills a little closer. Saturday 10/2/10...dont judge me. We started here for the bday dinner and a drink or 3. Glad I used DD'd The waitress was brand spanking new, but did a good job. At least the bill was correct.
5	This is the spot for a good time! Pizza is awesome, the staff was great. Tv's everywhere this is a sports lovers dream!
2	Driving home from the far northwest valley, I spotted the sign for Santisi Brothers from the freeway and told my husband what awesome pizza and oysters they had. I guess I should mention the last time I was at Santisi Brothers was about 9 years ago. Back then, they did have great raw oysters--huge and succulent. I don't know when they stopped serving them but I was very disappointed tonight because that's what I really wanted. I remembered the pizza as being right up there with some I've had back east. What we had tonight (the 10" cheese pizza--which by the way is the best test of how good a pizza is if it can stand alone with no toppings) was only a step above Domino's to me. Maybe the thin crust is better but I didn't feel like spending an extra $4.00 to find out. The one bright spot was the Philly Cheese steak. They got the steak, cheese and peppers just right. The roll was a little doughy to me but I have high expectations for a cheese steak since I grew up outside of Philly. The service was good and if you are a sports fan, you can't ask for more games on more TVs. I could have done without the screaming Oklahoma fans a couple of tables away though. But it's a sports bar so I don't hold them accountable for the fans there. Santisi Brothers, if you read this, I am begging you to bring back the oysters. Maybe then the drive from the east side would be worth it. Otherwise I can find so-so bar food in my neck of the woods.
3	Big SPORTS bar, decent drink choices, ton of food choices, good atmosphere for watching any sporting event.I tried to count all the TV's: approx 78 different choices to watch.
3	TV's everywhere, good place to see everything!  Pizza was average.  Staff was nice and did a good job.
3	After a long night, I came here for a light lunch, a beer, and some football. I didn't know strip malls that looked this trashy existed on Bell Road, but I had a decent surprise when I walked in.There were tons of TVs to watch, an extensive menu that attempts to go beyond just plain bar food, and cheap 25 oz. beers. In the middle of the day, that giant mug of Coors Light was almost intimidating. I also noticed some daily drink specials. We ordered a Sicilian pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms. What a ripoff! For $22.50, I expected something better than what I get for like $7 at Little Caesar's. Nothing about it was quality, and for one of the most expensive pies I've had, I expected at least average. Pizza gets one star, this is no "pizzeria".But despite tables that are 6 inches apart, a patio that's clearly missing some TVs, and the marginally attractive women in uniform, I can't hate on this place. It's a solid watering hole in the Northwest valley, and judging by all the guys storming out with their Eli Manning jerseys after Philly's comeback, they take football seriously. I'll be back, Santisis. Don't disappoint.
4	I love going to Santisis! First of all, it is in a very convenient location for me. The plaza it is in is kind of a dump, but it is close to my house and right off the freeway. Second, they have pretty good happy hour specials on drinks. They have huge beers at good prices...and they serve them in frost mugs! Last, there food is really good too. I love their pizza, wings, and salads. I have heard good things about their pasta too. They have lots of TVs to watch sports on but if you plan on going on Football Sunday, get there early or you won't get a spot!
1	NOTE:  This was a 4-star review, but the food quality and ESPECIALLY customer service have gone down the tubes.  See update below.Complaining I can't find a good meatball sub in Phoenix, I was referred to Santisi Brothers.  I was told that the meatballs are still made by the brothers' mother, so I was intrigued. Santisi Brothers did not disappoint.  That sub was so freaking good!!!  I got the 1/2 sandwich, which included two meatballs smothered under mozzarella and marinara on a toasted baguette-type roll.  Amazing.  The bread was soft inside with just the right crust, the meatballs were sizable (that's what she said!), and they did not scrimp on the mozzarella.  Since this is their only location in the valley, we will be sure to be back.  (It's right off I-17, close to the 101, so that's not hard.)If you like sports, go!  This place has each wall covered in TVs - huge to 13", they don't spare a bit of viewing area.  The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because the seating leaves a bit to be desired.  We sat at a hightop table with stools.  Next are a row of tables with nicer chairs (with backs), and the row closest to the TVs - who wants to sit there?  Music - we could hear each other, but agreed a table of four might have to shout.  Our server, Ariel, was very enjoyable, nice, and attentive.Big beer and bar selection.  Husband's Kiltlifter was in a huge beer mug and he was happy to see a few IPAs.  I had a John Daly that was verrry tasty.  It's one of those sneaky super-yummy drinks...  Sweet iced tea, lemonade, and vodka - I'll be stealing that recipe this summer!Husband had the turkey club, which was large enough to be funny to watch him eat, but he said it was unremarkable.  Side of fries were also really, really good.  Perfect amount of potato, crispiness, and salt.  We also had garlic knots, which are served with marinara and pretty tasty, but left me wishing there was a little ball of mozzarella in the middle.  House salads were... house salads.  Nothing special there.To review: great for sports (I'm sure they can spare a TV for your game), may want to go early for good seats, good bar, and some great food.  EAT/DRINK:  Meatball sub, french fries, and a John Daly.  All wonderful.PS - Kitchen is open till 11pm Sun-Thu, midnight Fri-Sat.
4	{Solid 3.5 stars rounded up.} The patio is rather unassuming...and then you walk in..... Media, sensory overload.....electronic flashes and strobing projections from televisions big and small. Boxing, soccer, basketball, football, news, surfing skating, karaoke, music videos...it's all there....on the dozens of TVs lining the walls and tucked in every corner of the bar. It was a Saturday night after 8pm and it was packed! We found a couple of seats at the bar. We ordered 2 large Blue Moons that were on special at $5 somethin' each. I was enjoying the casual nature of the place and that I could scan over and see at least 2 NBA games going on at the same time. We had just dropped in from having sushi at a place up the way but we were both wishing we weren't so full, because the food looked and smelled pretty good. Also after looking at the calendar on the bathroom stalls they offer some drink and food specials daily (including a day they serve crab legs). I can tell ya when in the area I can see myself stopping in or recommending it to folks. [Even if it does share the same general area as a Hooters, Applebees and some other big chain sports/pub/food place]
4	So.  Many.  TVs.  If you want to watch a game (or many games all at once), this is the place.  Alas, my review will solely be for the ambience at this point, as I was too engrossed in the nail-biter of a game to eat more than a few pieces of broccoli from the vegetable tray.I recently visited Santisi Brothers to catch the U of A vs. Washington basketball game (Go Cats!) and was simply amazed by the number of flashing screens upon walking in.  A row of large flatscreens run along the walls with smaller screens above them.  When they switched all the big screens to the U of A game, it was magical.  My friend and I were happy to find some other Wildcats (tough to come by in ASU/enemy territory) to form our own mini-McKale.  Something that I noticed that is extremely important for ideal television viewing in this scenario is the layout of the tables.  They have regular-height tables along the walls, with bar tops and stools set behind them.  This creates almost a stadium-style set up for viewing the screens.  Maybe not important for everyone, but if you're 5'3" and accustomed to hopping up and down or peering through armpits to get a glimpse of the action in front, you'll appreciate the thought put into this.Service was pretty good.  We were there through the shift change and both waitresses made sure to periodically check in to make sure things were okay.  (And possibly to see if we'd like to order some freaking food already.  Sorry ladies, it was late in the afternoon and I wasn't about to gorge myself on bar food before a tasty dinner with the in-laws.  Maybe next time.)  The ladies room was pretty clean but had one of the shortest toilets I've seen in a long time.  Goodness, it was like it was child-sized it was so low to the ground.  Glad I'm not so old and broken down that I needed help getting back up.If you are a newbie, as I was, you may have some difficulty finding the place at first.  It's located in a giant strip center on the northwest corner of I-17 and Bell.  Once upon a time, the center used to be pretty full.  Now it's kind of a ghost town with Hooters and Native New Yorker along Bell and the dollar  theaters and Santisi as the big names set in the back.  Sometimes they have a Halloween store too.  Do not let the blight deter you though.  Power through the empty parking lots and enjoy the flickering goodness of a plethora of televisions.
5	I love the food here! To dark & to many tvs for my taste but my kids always have something to look at!
5	We've been going to Santisi for close to 10 years since they are just around the corner from my house. We've never had a bad item here. It's a fun place to go and the food is great. We always order pizza which is consistently good. Their salads are excellent - all their ingredients are very fresh and there's enough for two meals if you're a lighter eater. And the wings are always excellent. We've always had good service and the staff keeps the beverages coming. It's a great place to watch a game - if you can get in! Friday and Saturday nights are so crowded we often grab a beer while we wait for our take-out pizza. The parking can be a challenge since the stripes are laid out weird and there's a dollar theater next door. You can park in back (the side toward the freeway) if there's no room in the front.We moved away in 2006 and came back in 2010 and Santisi was still there, and as good as ever.
5	I love this place!!!!fun poker 3 days a week!!great food!!!great prices!!!even better people!!!!
5	This place is the best!! I've been going here since it firsted opened as a bar and deli! Pasta is awesome, especially mama's lasagna! Debbi is the best bartender in the valley!! Always fast and friendly and a strong drink!! Enough TV's to make your head spin!! Im from Chicago and Id even give their pizza a thumbs-up! Go and enjoy - beware game nights are packed!!
4	Hung out here for Happy hour with some of my cousins and a friend.  The food was DELICIOUS! Our first waitress was very nice and provided great service! We started off on the main side of the bar.  After eating we ventured to the room with the pool tables.  We flagged down a waitress by the name of Karissa to order.  Karissa was extremely rude the whole evening.  I am not sure if she was having an off night but she answered our questions with smart a*! answers, kept rolling her eyes and when my cousin asked her for a bacardi and diet tall with a lime she told him he could order it at the bar.(I was like Wow! Really?!) Unsure why she was so snippy with us. We only ordered a few rounds from her and were never rude in anyway to her.  We complained to the manager who our friend knew and he said he would make sure it was dealt with.  He must have talked to Karissa because after that she wouldn't serve us. The manager also told our friend our complaint was not the only one of the evening about her.  Another smiling friendly waitress replaced her.This waitress was super sweet.  I think this place is a lot of fun and seems like they typically have great service. Just beware if you get Karrissa as your server hopefully she will be in a better mood if she serves you. :/
4	This is just overall a great place! It's tough to do this review, as I can probably only remember 1/2 of my times being here, and that is being generous. There's something about the atmosphere here that just makes you want to tie one on and knock back giant beers and spend money playing songs, darts, and Golden Tee. They also have pool and other games. It's a BIG bar. There is a more "game side" and a more "table/eating side". They have a ton of TV's that are large and high quality. I have never seen it "slow" here. It seems no matter what the day or time it's pretty happening! The food is really good. I love the diverse menu, happy hour specials, and quality ingredients. I also have never once had bad service. The staff is fast, friendly, and has never seemed irritated or overwhelmed. There is a large patio out front that you can drink on that has misters and heat lamps (depends on the season). This is the absolute perfect place to go have a blast with friends, or even come alone when you feel the need for a night out. Always friendly, attentive, and..... oops I forgot the rest because I always end up giggly and drunk. Sigh.
3	Always have a good time when we go here, gets freakin' busy during Happy Hours! HUGE selection of TV's! sooo many you dont know what to watch!
5	Love this place they have great pizza and ice cold beer. They also have the MMA fights for free. Santisi Borthers is a family owned place and for how large it is you will get to meet and know the family.
3	Never have I been to a pizza / bar in Az better then here and I can't believe it's taken me 20 ish years to finally give this spot a whirl.Pros: Great Pizza, Cheap Beer, Waitresses that don't stank, great appetizers, decent prices, perfect ora, Great UFC bar, you can even bring your mom and dad here :)Cons: I'm not there with a cold draft in my handThe S. Bro's pizza combo was legit, heck everything we had tasted good and was hot.The guy next to me smashed his king crab legs so I am sure you can find something you like here.It's worth your time, see ya there!edit : 9/25/ 11I have been there a few times since and the service has been lacking. I wish the staff would pay more attention, especially during the lunch rush. I noticed they like to bunch up and talk and when you only have 30 minutes to eat and you can't get your check it tends to tick me off.  - asked for ranch and received a snappy response- people next to us tried to combine tables and was met by a rude waitress telling them they can't do it and almost to the point of yelling at them gave them no option except sitting in tables next to each other in a snappy fashion. meh, I have experienced better
5	This bar is great!  The people vary. There are ages 21-60 on the bar side and families an kids on the restaurant side.   They have an internet jukebox though it's overpriced :(  and too many people play crap. TONS of rap!Food is great and drinks are good! I love the wings there. The chicken strips are great too!  yummy!Lots of cute guys and girls to look at! The atmosphere is pretty cool so people don't tend to get pissy if you talk to them! It's so fun to watch the UFC fights and its the best when Suns are in playoffs but they play all sporting events.
2	I went here for my friend's birthday last night and the only word I have to describe the experience is... Weird. I think there may have been only 10 girls in the place even though it was pretty busy in the pool table room, so definitely what my understanding of a "sausage fest" is. The beer prices were okay, 3.50 for a pretty large mug of either Miller, Bud, or Ultra. I didn't eat, we just drank beer and fought for time on one of the two pool tables. Overall, I think it was just not as cool as I was hoping for, and the crowd was a little shadier than I would have liked. The waitress was pretty surly, but I'm a server too and I think I would be just as off-putting if I dealt with that crowd on a daily basis.I hear the pizza's pretty good so I may return during the day to try it, but I probably won't go again on a Saturday night.
4	I've only ever been during NFL football Sundays and it's PACKED!! Which is fun but make sure you get there between 9:15-9:30 to guarantee yourself a table where you can actually see your game!  They do have a TON of TVs, although some are 13" so you better sit close ;)  They have a breakfast buffet between 9 - 11 am until their kitchen opens.  The food isn't great but it gets you through the day.  Some good beer specials, which is rare on game day.
4	Santisi Brothers is a sports bar in West Phoenix.I would describe Santisi's as a typical sports bar except for the fact that they have a ton of TV's, which is handy for football Sunday's.The menu has an emphasis on Italian cuisine and is pretty good, but not anything to get excited about.  The calzones are pretty good and probably the highlight of the menu.They have pretty good drink prices and daily specials.An above average number of TV's along with above average drink specials gives Santisi Brothers an above average rating of four stars.
5	Very good food and service. A great place to watch sports!
4	This is bar none, har de har, my favorite bar. Had some really great times here. The drinks are always good- which is not always the case when you like the fruity frou-frou drinks- and I do!  I have tried several different things on the menu and have never had anything to complain about. Definitely better than your average bar food here. They have the BEST pizza and wings. And for those of us with A.D.D. they have 70 some odd televisions to keep you good and distracted. AND- they always have FUEL on at least a few of those- which I appreciate, because I enjoy the extreme sports rather than the standard men in tights- chasing balls -stuff that most seem to like  :-)
5	This place is pretty awesome. You usually don't expect much on the taste side from a sports bar, but everything we had was very good. Our waitress was very friendly and sweet. Put up with about 20 of us hooligans! She was also ridiculously hot (freckles). She gave us a couple of places to go out that night, and even split ALL of our checks, which I was later informed that they have an old school check out system. They are all paper and calculators, so it must have been such a hassle to do that, but she did it with a smile! Great place!
4	Great sports bar! Tons of TV's on every wall, pool tables, darts, etc.  The waitresses and bartenders are all very attentive and checking to make sure your glass is full.  The food was pretty good too.  Great pizza and the wings were tasty!  We travel to Glendale frequently for sports events and to visit family.  We will definitely be back.
4	We used to go here all the time but this sports bar was too sports bar for me so now we get our food to go.  The special of pizza and wings is great.  Cheese pizza has a thin crust but not too thin and the sauce is zesty and flavorful.  Wings are well prepared and delish. They also have mussels which are fantastic flavor wise and price wise.  Ribs are also good.Been there alot
3	If you want an atmosphere of TV-drenched and jersey wearing monotony this is your place. This is NOT my place. As usual, they make up for the lack of decor and intimacy with very competitive drink specials and food items. Their service very personal 5*****stars for that!The only thing special about this place is I am sure you can watch every channel listed on your Direct TV "guide" in one place. Seriously... why soooooo many TV's?Do they get an influx of patrons during prime sporting events? Are they trying to compete with Best Buy in the TV department? oh well, everybody needs a niche.NOte: Be careful of the random drunk guy trying to slide his chair to your table.    R\_
1	This was our first time here. The server was a complete ___! Megan was her name. The overall feel of the place was pretty good. The food looked pretty good. Service was horrible, so I didn't get far enough to get the full experience.
4	having recently moved here from near Old Fordge Pennsylvania, dubbed by national media as "the pizza capital of the world", i was a little skeptical on what the pizza scene would be like out west. after hearing some pizza-horror stories from local friends who have ventured out, it didnt look good. i found this place after seeing it voted as best pizza in phoenix and was definitely surprised at how good it was! i feel a slight sense of relief knowing that despite seemingly popular opinion, theres still some killer pizza in AZ, and this place is it!only con, pizza is slightly pricey. i paid $13 for a medium plain pie.
1	You know, I used to really like this place.  My previous review was 4 stars.  They had a couple of good subs, but that quality has hit the fan in the past year.  I've made two to-go orders recently and they were BOTH messed up.  Each time, I ordered a salad w my sub and didn't receive it.  The first time, I was reallllly craving a salad and they forgot it - it was late and I was hungry, so I actually went back to Santisi's to get my food - a 40 minute round-trip from my neck of the woods.  This second time, hungry and fed up, I was not willing to drive back to Santisi's to have them fix their mistake.  So, I called to speak to a manager.  Johnny, the manager, told me that he would issue a gift certificate.  I explained that this was the last time I'm going there: it's a far drive and this is the second time they've messed up a simple order.  The subs aren't even what they used to be.  (Unless you LIKE soggy bread under your meatballs, of course.)  I just wanted the cost of my sandwich refunded (the salad comes w the sandwich) to the card I used.  Either ignoring my point or just not caring, he told me that I would have to drive to Santisi's to get a refund, because they needed to swipe my card and could not take the numbers over the phone.  Baloney, anyone?  Johnny just kept repeating policy until I got more and more frustrated with the fact that, again, it's MY responsibility to incur gas costs and take ANOTHER 40 minute drive so they could fix a mistake THEY made -- for a SECOND TIME!!  Finally, Johnny put me on hold while I was mid-sentence.  Really?!?!  I am apalled - and piiiiiissed!I thought this situation was deplorable and maybe an owner would care to hear about their dysfunctional kitchen and worse management.  WRONG!  I called to ask for the GM name, was not given a name, and put on hold for over four minutes.  Finally, Toni Santisi and I speak and not only does she deny Johnny put me on hold mid-sentence (the customer is always right, right?!) but she barely lets me get out a complete sentence and talks over me the whole time to end by insulting me.  She said she cannnot issue a partial refund, but she can void the entire transaction in order to have my husband and I never set foot in her dirty bar again.  I'm sure she won't issue a refund because - surprise! - they never took our name when we ordered on the phone.  Way to run your business.  Besides, that was decided when I came home and you screwed my order up for the SECOND TIME IN A ROW.Now, don't get me wrong, I will go out of my way for exceptional food (I'm talking to you, Capriotti's sub shop on Mill), but I will NOT go out of my way to have so-so food from a place run by monkeys.
5	My favorite sports bar in Phoenix. The food is a slight step up from regular sports bar food: they have a great variety of Italian food. The price is slightly pricey (more than $10 for a pasta dinner), but the portion sizes are big so you get your money's worth. I've tried the baked ziti and there was a good balance of sauce and cheese. The 10'' personal pizza is perfect for a single person: if you're a big eater it should fill you up. I usually get the Santisi Combo w/ pepperoni, sausage and peppers. I also went here a couple of days ago and ordered a cheese calzone, which was very big and could be shared with another person. Their garlic knots are also a must have with every meal: they're not too soggy like the pizza chains and go great with marana sauce.The ideal place to sit is on the main part of the restaurant with all the televisions (opposite of the game room with the pool tables). I've been here during NFL conference championship weekend and during March Madness and they do a good job showcasing the games people want to see. On a typical Sunday for football, you'll see the big games on the bigger screens and other sports like golf/tennis/soccer on others. They'll even show niche sports like MMA so that is a big plus for me.
3	good pizza with too much sauce and too much cheese, great crustvery friendly wait staff115 TVs!
5	I've been here a few times and I love Love LOVE their karaoke! I love how the waiters sing...they have such great voices! The place is loaded with several televisions to watch all your sports. Not only is this place great for entertainment, but the food is great too! The pizza and wings ftw!
5	The most TV's under one roof anywhere.  This by far is the best sports bar in Phoenix.  Not only do they have a tone of tv's but the food is amazing.  I would go to this place if it had a black and white 19 inch TV just to get the food.  The owners did this place the right way, with the customer in mind!!  I will be a long time customer here till the day i die.
5	The bartender was very friendly and kept up on everyone that was at the bar. Great personalty.  Place was clean and well kept, drinks were reasonably priced.  They also have a lot of TV's with every sport playing along with Music Video.
4	Tried this place out while on a work trip in Phoenix. Wanted above average bar food and good beer selection. I had the 10" Meatza pizza. The crust was a bit undercooked but everything else was great. Loaded with meat. Side salad was fresh & good. I tried several new beers from their decent selection. They were served in huge mugs ice cold.There are tons of TV's in this place so you can see pretty much watch any game available. The bartender was friendly and very quick.
4	Wow, I can't believe I haven't written a review for Santisi Brothers yet. We've been going to this sports bar for yeeeeeeeears. Not so much for watching sports, but the food is great. My husband loves wings and his favorite are from this joint. He'd marry them if he wasn't already married to me. Unless you come at an off time, it is ALWAYS busy. Service can sometimes be slow, but you can easily keep yourself entertained with the gazillions of TVs or Buzztime games (the trivia ones are my favorite). Once, our server forgot to bring the gamebox my husband requested, so he gave her a B+ on the receipt. She's remembered us each time she's served us since then, and brings the box without us asking. Hahahah.Along with the wings, most everything on the menu that we've tried has been tasty. The pizza is good, as well as the anitpasto salad, chicken caesar salad, minestrone soup and garlic knots! If you're in the mood for BBQ, you MUST have something with Giovanni's sauce - perfectly tangy sweet with a spicy kick. Ribs are my favorite, but it's also awesome on grilled chicken breast or on wings. Beer prices are decent and they have cider on tap - delicioso! There is a room with pool tables and darts, although I've hardly ever sat in that area, plus patio seating out front. Sometimes it's kinda cold inside, but maybe I've just been sitting directly under a vent or something. Regardless, definitely recommend Santisi Brothers!
4	I have been going to Santisi's for years even though it is a bit out of my way. It is a great place to watch a game, however many people feel the same way so it is often packed, especially during a big game. Finding a table can be difficult. If you are with a group I highly suggest going early and camping out until the game starts.Drink prices are a little high for a sports bar... but not too obscene. Mixed drinks are nice and strong. Most of the food is awesome. Pizza is good, so are garlic knots, fried zucchini, and pizza bread. My husband loves their chicken fingers as well. But the BEST item they have are their calzones. OMG!! They are the BEST calzones in the valley. They are great even without any toppings, just cheese. Nice and crispy on the outside, perfectly seasoned, with very fresh tasting ricotta and mozzarella on the inside. Heaven. And they are huge. Can easily feed two people, especially if you share an appetizer or salad also. All their food is reasonably priced, however I wish they had appetizer specials for happy hour. I would drive over there way more often if they did. Service is good most of the time. At its worst its just decent. One time we waited 45 minutes for our food including an appetizer sampler. It arrived at the same time as our calzone. And it was lukewarm. :(  Um, I think appetizers should take 10 or 15 minutes tops to get to your table and it should be HOT...  That said, Santisis is a perfect place to eat some delicious food while watching a game. Highly recommended.
4	Great wings. Delicious potato skins. $2.75 large drafts Sun-Wed from 10PM to close.  The best part about Santisi is the food and drafts.  They have friendly and cute servers and one sexy one.Nonetheless, getting your first order can take awhile their customer service can be real slow at times.The only negative is that their kitchen closes at 11PM except for Thursday - Saturday which is midnight.Great food. Nice drafts. Friendly, cute and sometimes sexy female servers ?Yay, I am a fan!
5	I am a fan of this place. You always know what you are going to get. Good food, cold beer at a decent price and a great view of a TV. We watched all the Coyotes playoff games here and had no complaints. Not sure I would go here if not to watch a game, but when there is something we want to watch, this place is the best!
2	Nothing special and the drinks aren't cheap. If you're going to be a sucky bar, at least give me cheap drinks.
5	This place is everything a sports bar should be. Lots and lots of TV's...for one. I love being able to watch 4 different sports and play trivia all at the same time.The drink specials are pretty decent. They're not a dollar or anything, but the big beers are cheap on happy hour.The food is great! So far I've only tried the spinach dip, wings and their all-you-can-eat fish & chips. All of them were seriously delicious! These types of food are pretty standard in sports bars but I've definitely had my fair share of unfortunate food items from other places. These certainly surpassed my expectations.And last but not least, their star of the show, Debbie. One of the best bartenders I've ever seen. She runs that bar like a champ, knows nearly every face that walks through that door, and pours great drinks. And by great, I mean a good stiff drink that's not so strong that you can't taste anything else in it.We frequent this place quite often, and for good reason. Do yourself a favor and stop in!
1	I have visited this establishment 3 times and each time I have been disappointed with the service. Great wings and decent drinks but the wait staff is HORRIBLE ! Yesterday I went to Santisi's for Sunday afternoon football, wings and beer, after waiting 5 minutes with no service, I got up and asked the bartender if my table could get some service. I was told someone would be right over. Another 10 minutes went by and still no service, again I asked if my table could get some service, and once more I was told someone would be right over. After about another 5 minutes we got up and left and went to an establishment that acknowledged our presence and provided service. Sad thing is Santisi's wasn't that busy !
4	I went here last night with some friends and enjoyed it! I had a giant blue moon (since it was the blue moon and all...)...and it was big. The bear was like 24 oz. That thing was heavy! I had the baked ziti for dinner and it was pretty delicious....hot and bubbly and super cheesy. I tasted some of my friends wing sauce (the spicy and sweet special sauce...forgot the name) it was super delicious. I would definitely go back here again!
5	Love their wings! Great service. One of my favorite sports bars in the Valley.
1	We show up to watch the Cardinals game for breakfast with the kids and this joke of a place had only two TVs in the dining area showing the Cardinals game. The tables are all saved by people crowded around the two tvs. this is an Arizona sports bar? Really? Meanwhile they have all this Cardinals signage up. We always go here for games and their food is amazing but why did my fam and I have to drive to three places this morning until we found a decent place to watch the Cards game? So pretty much don't go here if you want to catch a local team game on Sunday but Raiders and Steelers, yep they've got that....on multiple tvs.
4	It's a sports bar, so it's loud, a zillion tvs, and a little dark. However, the food was that of restaurant quality. Had a meatball and tomato pizza with medium wings. Pizza was fresh, crispy crust, and the meatballs were yum! The wings were crispy and tasted like fresh chicken. Could've used a little more sauce, but I'm not complaining. I will definitely be going back for the delicious food.
5	Awesome food and friendly staff. This place is PACKED when football is on. It's tucked away in the back of the "mall" parking lot... but its easy to get to and plenty of parking. I like going for the Thursday or Monday night games when its not as crowded.
1	My first experience with this place was on a friday afternoon for lunch. All my other friends had the lunch buffet and I ordered off the regular menu. My meal was a large portion and good value, but not even an hour after eating there I got very sick. Their chicken gave me food poisoning, I don't think I will be back soon, every time I drive by and see it I have bad memories.
4	Came in to watch a Broncos game with the ol ball and chain.  She's not as big of a fan of the Santisi Girls as I am.  Pizza was fairly ok and the wings were very meaty.  Overall pretty good, but nothing spectacular food wise.  Lots of TVs and anything you want is probably on one of them.
4	Not our normal stomping grounds but was driving back from Flagstaff and wanted to stop in and get some dinner and watch the game.  Place is most definently a sports bar with your typical sports bar food that leans on Italian.  Food came out fast an was tasty.  My biggest complaint is about the lack of good craft beer. The have some but could do a much better job and really elevate this place and ween people off of bud miller coors.
3	First time here.  If in the neighborhood, will go back!
3	UGH! Really want to rate this place higher but after this weekend I just can't do it. Sitting in front of a TV, waaaay before the game starts, decked out in our team's gear head-to-toe, the d*ck manager walks in front of us and changes the channel so that the TV we're watching is on the SAME channel that 14 other TVs are programmed to and he was so kind as to move our game to one of the teeny tiny TVs. We asked if he could please change it back - he literally looked at us and said 'No - you can move though.'  Maybe he doesn't like a bunch of women sucking down brewskis watching football? Too much sexiness for his bar? LOL His loss, and Santisi's too ... Other than that - the wings are good, beer is cold, and patio is fun.
3	Food is decent. Service is kind of lousy. And the clientele is grimy...so grimy to where I have to sit outside to not be disgusted when I'm eating.
5	Great place to hang out and watch sports! Did I mention that the food is fantastic? Pizza and Calzones like my best friend Vito makes back in NY. I see some of the other comments about the lousy food or service and don't get it.  I have been many times since moving here last summer and have not encountered an issue with staff or food. Just watched UFC 155 this past weekend and our server was great & hot as hell (Allisha) even though it was busy as hell. 32 oz. drafts for $5? all night long...are you kidding me?? I will be back this weekend for the playoffs for sure.
5	If you love sports then your going to love this place.  They have updated and added NEW wall to wall flat screen tvs.  If you like the UFC fights this is the place. The menu is endless with with all your favorite wings and pizza's.  They menu is like no other sports bar.  I've tried their burgers, pasta dinners, sliders and ribs.  What ever you order you can't go wrong!  Check this place out!
4	Good beer, wings and pizza. A lot of tvs.  Waitress was attentive and prompt. Definitely found bada$$ sports bar.
3	First let me say this is another case where I wish Yelp had a half star option.  If this were the case I would be placing this at 3.5.I discovered online that this sports bar held a free poker league with potential entries to the WSOP.  Since there would also be playoff football I was sold and ready to make the journey.Location:  I did not include this in my star rating, but the bar is located next to a discount movie theater in hat seems to be a run down strip mall.  Cool with me, but I could see some being taken aback.Ambiance:  The inside was a little divey.  You can tell the place has been around for a while.  There was a noticeable smell.  As you got use to the place it disappeared but it was like a stale beer smell.  There are tons of TVs.  I can see where some would experience sensory overload.  Probably be better with less TVs that were a bit larger.  If you are a poker player they did have little poker tables which was cool.  Also all the fun bar games could be found pool, dart, etc... Food:  There is a huge selection of offerings.  I did a sampler mix.  The mozzarella sticks and garlic bread where fine.  I'd say it is in the average range for bar food.  I definitely would want to try the pizza next time I go back.Service:  There is a lot of staff.   All were friendly to me.  I was able to tell at times there was confusion with other patrons.  Let me say though this place was packed.  This was the busiest I have seen a sports bar since I've moved here.  Price:  For me this was maybe one of the biggest negatives.  When I compare what I had to quite a few other local establishments it was pricey.  I'd say each time was about one to two more (beers and bar apps) then what I would have hoped to pay. I'm by no means a tightwad, but since the ambiance is not amazing it was not as if I was paying for the experience.Overall:  I went on an insanely busy day so I also dealt with a wide range of patrons.  The crowd in parts was rough which may have jaded my experience a bit.  I think I'd sit out on the patio next time.  I do plan on going back for poker and to try something different.   It was an okay experience but I've had quite a bit better.
2	It's just not worth it to go here. The service is a hit or miss - some waitresses are helpful; some are bimbos. The food isn't that great... you can definitely find better. The inside setup... well, we had to sit outside because of it. I wouldn't go back.
5	Been out of state just over 3 weeks now & I am suffering. We are Craving SB food bad. The Giovanni sauce is to die for folks! You just gotta try it on the wings....or the Lemon Pepper Wings.... Best you'll ever have! Ribs are yummy. Pizza is amazing. And the Fettuccine Alfredo is absolutely scrumptious! No other sports bar in town compares & with every sport on over 140 TV's....it's a Pretty cool Sports Bar! Stop by & see for yourself!
5	Please trust me on this. Order 2 things here.1) Their John Daly drink. Best alcohol drink I've ever had. I called the bartender after I flew home begging for the recipe. 2) Basket of Zeppolis. Best dessert I've had in 2 years. Easily. Make sure to ask for chocolate syrup in addition to the honey. And then pour the chocolate syrup all over them. You will not regret this.After you do these two things, come back and give my rating a high five. Then I want you to text my rating at 3am saying "I love you. Thank you for the best night ever"P.S. They have about 300 TV's at this place. Awesome.
5	Outstanding. Was staying in a hotel nearby while visiting for a job interview and it was the closest place to watch the 2012 bcs nat championship game. over 100 tv's, great staff, and outstanding food. If you live in the area and havent been you havent lived period.
3	Stopped in here for a bite and some libations after a crappy action movie at the cheap theater next door.Definitely a sports bar - TVs everywhere - a bit overwhelming at first. The server was adorable. And an idiot. But that's okay. Sports bars value hot over competent. I know this, I can accept it. When I order "Makers. Rocks, splash coke with a water back" at a BAR, I shouldn't get a deer in the headlights look. She wrote it down word for word - then I had to ask again later for the water.That said - the food was better than I expected - and I'll admit the menu was more extensive than I would have guessed walking in. We shared the Italian nachos, a couple sliders, and other various fried things (sorry - I was on mental vacation that night, and the Maker's Mark was doing what it is paid to do!)I don't think I'd ever come out of my way to make Santisi Brothers a destination. But for a night of cheap movies and a bite to eat with cocktails - I don't think I'd say no!
5	This is my favorite sports bar and grill in the valley!  The food is so incredibly good.  I have never ordered something that I didn't like.  Some of my favorites are there soups like the creamy chicken noodle and the southwestern chicken.  The service is top notch.  The wait staff is  prompt and accommodating.   This is the best place in town for sports events with huge screens everywhere.  I also have to mention that the white pizza and the giovanni pizza are amazing!  The giovanni sauce is a specialty and it is delicious on, not only this pizza, but the chicken and pork chops they serve as well.  It is the perfect blend of sweet and spicy!
1	Closed kitchen early because they were slow.  Manager "Johnny" is a loser. We had a groupon and he would not honor it.  Hate to say this but we would never try this place again even though we lost 17.50.
5	Great sports bar, they have pool tables & darts as well.  They must have about 100 TV's in the place and they get extremely busy during football sundays, ncaa tourney, etc.  Great food and the prices are very reasonable.  Please note, the place is dark inside, not a single window, just an fyi.
4	I'm visiting from Chicago, and was looking for some tasty pizza. I saw the reviews here, and I have to agree. This is pretty darn good pizza! We ordered NY Style with GP, M, and P. I thought I tasted a little salt and pepper on the pizza. Either way, I'll be back!  Regarding the TVs, there's lots of them!
4	Excellent pizza, great wings and an extensive menu of sandwiches make this a great place to visit. Large selection of tap beers as well.  The ultimate sports bar with tons of tv's and just the right vibe.  My only issue is the service as the waitress who served us never followed up after meal was served.  I have read other reviews about service as well and I am surprised the owners have not yet improved upon this issue.
1	Let me start off by stating I am extremely picky when it comes to Italian food.  Lucky for them I didn't actually see any on their menu.  Sure it had names that could fool one into thinking they served some Italian style dishes what was brought to our table proved that to be a false belief.  If you're looking for a place to have a drink while sitting in each others laps then this is the place for you.
5	Best sports bar ever! Thanks to John S., I will never eat wings anywhere else again... Their Giovanni wings are the best wings I have ever had.Keep up the good work Santisi Bros!
4	Great food, great service, LOVE the atmosphere with all the televisions.  The ONLY negative I dock it for is that they could definitely have better specials...which costs them a star, but everything else is great and we will definitely be back.
4	Love santisi's, the best wings and garlic cheese bread in the valley. Been coming here for years and I love it. Never had anything bad here, except..a couple of dates.
5	Santisi Brother's rocks.  I have been going there for about 6 years now and the food is always awesome.  It's always very fresh and tastes wonderful.  You can always count on consistancy.  Now that they have their POS system the food comes out quickly and checking out is much faster and accurate.  I have seen alot of changes in the last 6 yrs and management is always looking for ways to make our sports viewing and dining experience more pleasureable. The amount of TV's in there is unbelieveable.  I usually hang out in the game room side and it's alot of fun especially during football season.  The servers are all so cute and very personable.  I know the guys really like that.  So come on in and have a fabulous meal and enjoy the great atmosphere while watching your favorite sports event. You'll probably see me there.  LOL
3	I do like the food here. It seems that recently though they stopped posting any carryout menu item prices online. I'm not a bar guy anymore but I have ordered take out from here many times and maybe I just wasn't paying attention before but I was in for a little surprise the other night. I ordered a standard 16" Veggie pie and a dozen wings and the tab seemed crazy high to me: $33+ ! I asked to see the register  receipt thinking a mistake had been made and saw that the pizza was almost $23.00. Maybe they are unaware of this but that is A LOT for  regular 5 item pizza. For $23.00 I'm looking for Chicago deep dish loaded...$15 or $16 is more in line for the product tier in this case.  Just a little reality check that restaurants need from time to time
5	I absolutely love Santisi Brothers!! I've been coming here for over a year now, and have never once had a bad experience. All of the servers are friendly and fantastic! The pizza (especially the white pizza) are amazingly good! I actually just adopted a vegan diet and I have had no issue altering different menu items to conform to my diet restrictions, and the staff is always happy to make those changes for me. There is no better place to hang out for some great food, beer, and to watch a game or UFC fight!
2	Come on Santisi's !!!! $25 for 1 large pizza? You guys are effing CRAZY! It's not that good! Geez! I had the white pizza, which is tasty but $25!! Hell no!! Never again, lesson learned!!! Next time ill go ANYWHErE else and get 5 pizzas for that price!!!
5	Been going to this place since it's inception and must say, they use the best ingredients which makes their food taste incredible. Hope they keep doing what their doing...
5	The wings are to die for, atmosphere is nice, crowded but spacious enough to eat and be comfortable. I couldn't see the menu cause it's a little dark. Lol prices are great.
4	GREAT place to catch the game...well any game really. It felt like there were 3001 TVs in there all playing something sporting related. The beer selection was good and the food was better than most sports bars I have been to. When hockey season starts, this very well might be my pick to watch the Blackhawks have another AMAZING season! :)
3	Tasty food but over priced for the usual bar food. With that said it is a great atmosphere with plenty of entertainment, you won't miss a game! Staff is great and they offer decent drink specials. I'll be back for the decent beer selection!
4	Picture this:Dad, w/my 2 /teen kids, looking to blow a Groupon on a Thursday night at a sports-bar themed place called Santisi Brothers.  Sounds easy enough, right?  Now, factor in Thursday Night Football (the kind where your cable bill is EXTRA to get these special Thursday night games so EVERYONE hits the sports bar/grill), and picture a tatt-loving, mostly smoking clientele, who flood the place and take all the available indoor seating.  So where does that put us?ON THE PATIO...where smokers temporarily reside while leaving their reserved tables inside.  Nice way to show the kids a quality time, experience, take them to the smoking section...So, kids, let's just sit outside here, watch the game on these nice HD big screens, kinda nice by ourselves...and the obnoxious cigarette smoke!  Clearly, I was in the wrong place at the wrong time (dad in bar w/kids during PM football)! Yet, that being said, Santisi does a great job of making affordable beer drinking and eating good quality food while the layman gets his mid-week NFL fix.  The manager recognized how we stood out like a sore thumb (that is, a sore thumb enshrouded in cigarette smoke), and very graciously kept an eye on us and even provided complimentary desserts to my kids, who instantly became life-long fans of Santisi Bros!The service (Alysia) was solid, punctual, and quite easy on the eyes, too! Pizza and Chef Salad were fresh, perfect temp's, and presented nicely.  I will definitely go back, but not with kids.  Nice staff as well, and they did their best to make the family feel welcome.
4	The food is excellent but if you're hungry definately get an order of garlic knots with marinara because service is really slow.  If you are a sports can this is the place for you if you are looking for a quiet dinner conversation go somewhere else.
3	First - as a sports bar, they are the BEST I've ever seen.  More TV's in HDef than can be counted.  And they were very accommodating, so that I could watch the SEC out on the west coast.  Now on to the wings.  As far a size, A, selection, B-, too many confusing/similar names, e.g.- honey-hot, honey BBQ, BBQ hot, Dino's BBQ, Gio's BBQ, etc.  Plus, the waitress couldn't even explain the difference. I got the Gio's & the Med Buffalo.  Now for the biggest complaint - as with all places that do this.  Minimum of 10 wings per flavor, no exception.  Even during their $0.55/wing special, I have to get 40 wings to try 4 of their sauces.  Sorry, I can't waste that much food/money.  Why is it so hard to throw 5 wings in a bowl to toss?  The Gio's tasted good but weren't real distinctive, like corn syrup and Frank's combined.  The seasoned fries were crisp & flavorful but not 'fresh cut'.  Lots of great beers on tap, with a friendly staff. My search in PHX continues...
1	We go here from time to time on Fridays. Most of us get the buffet of pizza, pasta, salad and wings. Let me warn you to not try and get anything else unless your taking 2 hours for lunch. The wait staff mills around the bar chatting amongst themselves since they don't have to do much at a help yourself buffet. Had to flag one down after 5 min to get a menu. Flagged her down again to order 5 min later. 35 min later, after all of our buffet eaters had gone and gotten 3rd helpings, she stops by to refill drinks, and says "Oh, I'll go check on your sandwich." I told her to bring the potato salad and box the sandwich. At least I ate something. Not impressed with the Little Italy sandwich either when I got to eating it a couple of days later. Paid $12 for this? It is not a fluke. Every time any of us order off the menu on Friday, the wait is ridiculous. I'm done being patient and getting screwed. When the boys want to hit this place again on a Friday, I'm bowing out.
4	Overall i would recommend this place. Good for small groups and Sunday morning football.
1	I tried to eat here tonight, but experienced service that was so bad, I decided it was best to leave without eating. The place was packed, but I was able to find a small table. After a considerable time, a waitress acknowledged me and told me she would return to get my order. After more time passed, she took my order. After getting my drink, I went to wash my hands. After I returned from the restroom, I found my table had been given away to another party and my drink was gone. I found my waitress and explained the situation. She wasn't much help and tried to seat me with some group without even offering to get me another drink. I decided at this point it was best to leave and eat somewhere that doesn't only cater to groups.
4	My friends and I enjoy going here on Sundays for football.  Of course, I live the closest and have to be the first one there to get us a good table by the right tv's.  Food is really good, over 100 tv's, and battle for sound (so just because the Cardinals play during your team's game, doesn't mean that they will get the sound.  Bears' sound has won every time).  I'm not crazy about the service.  Sometimes we don't see our server for a really long time and no matter who we have, they almost never smile.  I know this isn't the most glamorous job, but "fake it til you make it".  At least pretend you want to be there.  Other than that, we love the atmosphere, some of the fans get too carried away, but that's okay.  It's pretty funny.  It's nice that they give you a layout of where all the games are going to be, so you know when you walk in, what table to get.  I like to get there at least an hour before the first game, so I have my pick of spots, plus if you land a table that has chairs with backs on them, you're golden.
5	My friends and I visited Santisi for my birthday and it was a great experience.  The food was great, love the chicken sliders and wings! Lindsey was our server and she was the best! Very friendly amd attentive! We'll be coming back soon, ill definitely ask for Lindsey again too!
5	You choose how and where to spend your money. Invest in supporting a local family-owned business. We find the staff and owners to be real and helpful. Quite cute too!Do it family style, share a large salad, pizza, and the best meatballs. We like ours with the mozzarella melted on top! My husband wont leave without the caramel drizzled cheesecake! YUM. See you soon brothers.
4	My girlfriend and I came by late one night for a quick drink. This place was nearby in a strip mall and parking was abundant. It was pretty cold and late so I can figure why there wasn't many people here. Probably around a dozen and a half patrons plus staff.We came in and the kitchen was closed sadly. However, they had a full bar and the bartender was pretty quick to attend. We got our drinks fast and never had to wait. We grabbed a pool table and played a few games. The tables were clean and leveled correctly. The felt and sticks weren't used and abused. There was a few guys that seemed kind of obnoxious but they were pretty drunk. The cost of drinks were pretty inexpensive. The place had A LOT of TVs. All flat panels. Most were mid sized but a few that lined a huge portion of a wall were decent sized...like 50" or above. They had a few posters up advertising for their hosted poker night. There is a patio there for outside drinking and smoking. There's a few TVs out there as well. Overall, pretty decent experience. Didn't put a dent in the wallet between two people drinking. I wouldn't mind coming back here during earlier hours to try some of their food. From the looks of it and reviews, the place has some pretty good food.
4	Cool place! TVs everywhere! Music! Game room! And ribs that fall apart in your mouth from being so moist and tasteful!
4	Went today with a friend while our wives were at a bridal shower, and everything was perfect! Great wings, great pizza, great service, and great atmosphere.
4	Went there a few weeks ago and I am so ready to go back.. The first thing that you notice is the multiple televisions... and being a sports fan that is right up my alley.. The service is good and the food was great best wings I have had since moving to Phoenix hands down...Can't wait for march madness so i can post up in there and watch all the games. .
5	Great wings , good beer selection, although I would like to see more beers on tap (some ambers & early morning pilsners). Staff is really nice. Wall of sports, can't go wrong...
4	We come here about once a month, and despite it's dive strip-mall appearance, it's one of the coolest sports bars on the west side.  The pros: Lots of stuff to do inside, and the bar is bigger than it looks.  Plenty of televisions, and the beer is priced right.  Food is well above average for a bar.  Like, really good.  Pizza is one of the best in town.  Service on the inside is good, but a word of caution for those who like to sit on the patio... we have waited up to 25 minutes to be acknowledged out there.  So patio service is hit or miss (get a drink at the bar inside and tell the bartender to send a server outside).  If you want to combine happy hour with another good value, check out the $3 movie theater next door!
4	Awesome neighborhood joint.  Great wings,  delicious pizza and super friendly service! Love that you can watch pretty much any game at any time here, there are soooo many friggin tv's!
5	Stayed at a hotel nearbye, looked for pizza in the area, Santisi had high reviews and looked great.Made an order for a Pepperoni pizza and wings..Picked it up, bar looked awesome, super friendly staff, more tv's than you could imagine.Cant expect more out of a sports bar, good food, staff and entertainment.If I am in the area again Im def coming back.
4	Food was decent but on the expensive side. The games on sports tv channels was comprehensive.
4	We have eaten here twice. Both times hamburgers. They were very good. Service was very good. Atmosphere was very noisy.
5	Visiting AZ for spring training and golf. After a round of golf we want to check out a sports bar for beer and food. This was a great pick. The walls a covered with TVs, the staff is friendly, the food is great and the beer is cold. Great sports bar!
4	If you're concerned about your weight, stay the hell away from here. Unless you're concerned about being underweight, in which case saddle up. I had the calzone and it probably came in at just shy of 3 pounds. I carved about a 1 inch strip off the side and saved it for the next day, Sunday, when I would inevitably be hungover and in need of 287 grams of fat in one sitting. What can I say? It was a glorious Sunday.
5	Honestly the BEST pizza and wings in the valley! Have tried almost everything on the menu and love it all.  Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's. Highly recommend Santisi!
2	We went here a couple weeks ago....honestly, wayyy disappointed.  Ordered a pizza with a couple toppings...came out and just really was not done hardly at all and cheese tasted gross and super super cheap. Not good. Never going back! The only thing that made it better was our Four Peaks beer
5	Pretty surprising for a sports bar. Excellent variety, higher end quality and consistency with everything we've tried here! Even their steamed veggies are amazing. Try their honey medium spicy wings! Bomb! Great service and drinks.
5	Our first time. We will be coming back. Food was wonderful and delicious. Price not bad. So many TVs to choose and watch. Staff friendly and happy. Perfect place for family or date. You guys are awesome!!!
4	Love santisi brothers ! I grew up right around the corner from this place and have been coming here for years. Tons of tvs so great for games, good service, and awesome food. They have darts and pool tables which are in great condition. I would say the only downside is during the week they don't have a server that comes to the dart tables or pool tables so you have to go to the bar to get your drinks which can be a little annoying when it's busy. Other than that I love this place !
4	This place has two walls of floor to ceiling tv's, two bars, an area for pool and darts along with lots of tables and high tops. I've mainly stopped in for karaoke, but they have a great menu. The pizza and wings are good. Drinks are well poured, and I've always gotten good service at the bar. You will see quite a few regulars if you go enough. They have a good sound system for karaoke!Great place for good food and good times!!
5	Best wings in town. Hands down.
5	Place was very good! Pizza wings and enviroment was very great,took my 6 month baby boy and girlfriend and every person and staff would give him attention when they pass by,very friendly people...Great place to watch some sports as well
1	This is the worst bar to goto. The waitresses don't know how to serve properly and they're pretty rude. A lot of their food doesn't taste good. Their pizza is more greasy than Sardellas. The hamburgers are flat but round. Their spicy barbeque wings are pretty good. They have free wifi but constant problems with it. Only other thing is good about this place is all the tvs.
5	Love the atmosphere and the food is great! Soooo many TVs, perfect for football!  If you go request to sit in Lindsey's area...she's the best!
4	It's a cool place to hang out and grab a beer after work, or even on the weekends.  Personally, I like the large smoking patio for those times that I want to light up.
4	Santisi's is our go to place for girls night. They have good drinks at a good price and the food is better than average. The veggie basket is big enough for 4 of us to split and I can tell that they are cut fresh. There are a ton of TV's with every event imaginable and pool tables and darts in the back. the music is never so loud we can't talk. Then outdoor seating is great in the winter with several heaters.
2	Good food, bad service and please keep your opiinions to yourself!I visited this bar because I heard about the good atmosphere, food, and the number of TV's for the many sports you can watch.  I favorite thing is that it cooks that good old world Italian food.  I lived in Kansas City where there is a good amount of Italians there and being in Arizona that food seems hard to find.  Santisit's has that good Italian family food packaged in a sports bar and not the traditional Italian family restaurant.  Kudos for that now on to the next.  I visited this place twice over the last week and have received bad service and got insulted on the second visit.  On 07/19 with my fiancee.  We ordered a antipasto salad and a stromboli.  We arrived at 3pm and did not receive our order until 3:45.  I believe the only reason we received that because they over heard the conversation that I was going to leave if the food was not out by 3:45.  I was surprised it took so long to bring the food out and especially a salad.  They could have just brought that out first since that was so simple to make.  We were out on Lake Pleasant that day out in the hot sun for about 4 hours and we grew an appetite.  However, we received the food and it was great.  I visited this place again on 07/23 for happy hour after doing some after hours work and I felt really insulted by the bartender that day and I didn't finish my food that day.  I arrived at there around 5:30pm and order a Michelob Ultra and a stromboli again.  Keep in mind that I am a heavyset guy and my bartender was a skinny 130lbs older lady probably around in her 50's.  She brings my order and looks at the plate and makes a remark saying, "That would last me about 3 days".  I did not understand why she said that but I paid it no mind until I was ready to go.  I only ate half of the plate and when I asked her to package my plate she makes another remark, "I'm suprised you didn't eat the whole thing".  I left the place shocked and insulted.  It took a lot to keep me from cursing this lady out.  I could not believe that she would inpose her opinion on me because I'm heavyset that I just gouge food.  I know that there is a LOT of peope here who gets crazy about this FAT phobia but if it does not affect you, the please don't worry about it.  It's my life and I can do what I want to do.  In addition, you are not a medical professional and you don't know why a person is overweight to begin with.  Even the doctor's themselves do not completely know what causes a person to be overweight becasue if they did 80 percent of adult Americans would not be fat.  This bar really pissed me off and I will not ever go back there again.  On the first time, shame on me but a second time, shame on you.  If the food wasn't good I would probably rate this place a one star.  Please train your staff to pay attention to your customers and be more couretous.  Thanks.
4	If there is something on the television then this place will have it! There are tv's everywhere which is pretty awesome.  There is seating all over and a great place for groups of 15+ people.  There is a separate side for pool and darts where you have to be 21 which is nice.  They have good craft beer selections as well as awesome drink specials.  Their wings are so gwwooooood!  Holy buckets if you enjoy wings you need to try these!  Televisions all over for every type of game or event and great food and drink.  Not a bad place for the kids to enjoy a sports bar/restaurant.
4	Stayed at a nearby hotel for a week and ended up at this bar 3 nights out of 5. Each time the food was really good, came out fast, and portions were enough to leave us full and them some. The chicken tenders are pretty darn good, so are the wings. The Giovanni salad with chicken is amazing. Get the small size unless you plan on sharing with 4 other people. Our only complaint is that service can be spotty depending on your server.
3	They have a million tv's! You can watch any type of game here. The service is most of the time good, it is a sports bar, so Im sure it gets very busy a lot of times, although I have never been there to witness it myself. Never tried the food, but the drink specials are good. They have a good selection of beers, not so many craft beers, but a lot of domestics. Their happy hour is till 6:30 which is great, and they have happy hour drink specials as well as food specials. We will come back here, but its not a place I would tell someone that they HAVE to go to...seems like a good hangout for a lot of epople though, I noticed that there seem to be quite a few regulars who show up each night.
1	This place has spent more effort on tv screens than its food which was dry and tasteless. Total waste of time,Definitely not coming back.
4	I wasn't a huge fan of the food, but this is one of my favorite places to watch football. You can see any game you want at any location in the place.
4	I've eaten here twice now.  First time I had the 4 mini beef hotdogs.  If you like hotdogs try these.  I love that they toast the buns.  The service was not the best this night.  Dishes and empty glasses were left on the table while many servers and busboys walked right by them. I went again for Sunday football after seeing all the t.v's they had and being from MI it's hard to find a place to watch the Lions play that has decent t.v's. We sat up to the bar and Nanci was the bar tender.  EXCELLENT service! She explained quite a few of the menu items and drinks I ate the half order of sausage and peppers and onions.  WAYY too much food but so tasty.  My husband had the mediterranean pizza and was impressed with the crust and flavor of it all.  We will be back for sure.
4	Yum! Came here for Happy Hour on a Friday.I would have given this place 5 stars if the beers on the menu were actually the beers they offered. I asked for Moose Drool since it was on the menu, but the waitress said they didn't have it and rattled off the beers they DO have. Nothing irritates me more than having something on the menu but not actually having it available.The Giovanni Wings were out of this world. So flavorful. Just the right amount of crispness. Delicious!Prices weren't bad at all. I'll definitely be back!
5	Great place. Visiting my brother and meeting the locals made this place a must visit.  Service is top notch.  I felt like family going here. Keep an eye on Ken Not Yee for me. Thanks
3	Over priced and overated. They don't offer the level of service they used to here. The food is below what it used to be.
4	I've been here about 3 times over the past couple of years.  I've been there when it's pretty crowded and mildly so.  It's a great place to meet before a high school football game on a Friday early evening.  It's exciting and electric with lots of sports athletic spectator energy.The menu is varied and large with a seemingly endless selections of expected sports bar items all with an Italian flair.  I've only sampled their pizza, meatballs and a Cesar salad but it's all been quite good and delicious.  From what I've been told, this is a family operated establishment that still uses some of grandma's old world recipes and it tastes like it.  Good stuff. They of course also have a wide variety of beers on tap and in the bottle along with a full bar.  The service is always friendly and efficient even when it's pretty crowded.If you don't like televised sports and sports themed diners, then this place is NOT for you.  There are TVs everywhere broadcasting a variety of professional and collegiate competitions from mainstream to off the beaten path.  But, if you love an authentic sports bar with lots of energy and great food/drinks, then don't miss Santisi Brothers.
5	Hey Santisi Family & team. I am slow to update, but I just had to fill you in.  A few weeks ago I came in with my 2 nieces. It was quite early & I think it was a Tuesday. There was only a hand full of people at the bar. The bartender was extremely curtious & very patient as my kids wanted to run around & play video games and not tell us what they wanted to eat. Anyways, I ordered 2 orders of chicken strips & fries, a salad & sprites to share between us. First off, you have, by far, the very BEST tasting chicken strips I have ever tasted. Not kidding guys! The chicken was really juicy and the breading is very tasty & perfectly crispy. I don't think they are the same as I used to get, but either way....whatever you are doing differently...keep doing it!  We absolutely Loved them! And, WOW... the portions were HUGE! We couldn't even finish one order of them.  Now, your Ranch dressing is so delicious that the girls only want it from "'Tisi's" & they want to eat it on everything! Lol.  Your BBQ sauce is great & mixed with the ranch dressing was quite yummy... Folks you have gotta try them together on a salad. I swear it was soooo good. But, the Giovanni sauce is just so damn amazing that it can be poured on anything & everything! I eat it on my salad, wings, ribs, chicken breast dinner, even dip my pizza crust in it. You name it.... It's incredible! So, can't you bottle this stuff?
5	I'm here on biz from Vegas ... Read the reviews that talked about slow service, etc, but had some time to kill (and wanted some draft beer) so I headed over to Santisi's.  Gotta say ... Wow!  Wings were great ( go for their 'house sauce') and the service was great.  Philly sliders were awesome!!  Definitely will be back if in this part of town.
5	I've never seen so many TV in one place... GREAT place to go for  sports, and they will play your game if you ask! Great food- wings, chicken tenders, meatball parm, you name it! Cant beat the huge beers in frosted mugs either.
5	Best sports bar in town bar none.  Great food.  Golden Tee.  Dozens of TVs.  No reason to watch a game anywhere else.
2	We had a small group go in for snacks and drinks after visiting the 13th Floor haunted house on the other side of the mall. We got a table on the patio and when we ordered with our waitress, she wanted a credit card or for us to pay as we go. Now maybe this place has some sort of problem with people walking out on them, but if thats the case its probably because of staff like her. When I questioned her about it she tried to give us some half hearted sob story about why it needed to be done. I guess at this point realizing I was pretty irritated and wasn't going to do either of the options she had given me, she offered up another server which we gladly accepted. The next waitress was much more pleasant and friendly and [shockingly!] didn't require a credit card deposit or to pay as we go. Overall it was a pretty bad first impression, but by the end of the night I was satisfied. The fried zucchini was pretty good, I wasn't too impressed with the fries or the garlic bread that we got though. The beer was nice and cold!
1	No stars is what in want to give. I came with a group of friends tonight and our server wanted to leave so we paid her and tipped. It tok 35 minutes for us to get another server after we asked at the bar and then the manager finally came over. And don't try to get a beer for your friends at the bar it's one at a time even if your group can be clearly seen by the bartender.
4	This is a great place to watch any game, ridiculous number of TVs all over the walls. The food is very good too. Nice place to play darts if you're into that.I really don't go here often enough.Be warned it is a very busy and noisy place. Not good for kids. Otherwise, highly recommended
5	One of the top 10 sports bars in Phoenix,  and the food is great. Good place to go to catch a sporting event, enough tvs to please any sports fanatic. The food is top notch. Have had one of everything on the menu over the years and have yet to get a bad meal. The beers come in a gigantic, iced mug. Be ready to wait for a seat if it's footbal season, place can get very crowded.
5	I had posted a review last night out of frustration that my service wasn't so good but I will say that John one of the owners called me today and took care of the situation.  I really appreciated that.  Just because the service was bad I won't knock the entire establishment.   Thanks John!  We will be back.
4	Came here to watch the Cards game with some friends a couple weeks back.  Loved that there were lots of TV's playing different games so you could find a good spot no matter where you were sitting or who you were rooting for.  The food was great too, I got the White Pizza which was delicious.  Service was pretty quick too considering how packed the place was.  Definitely enjoyed the place and would go back again for sure.
4	I haven't been here in about 6 months. Aargh, they changed their chicken tender provider. Santisi's, HANDS DOWN, had the best chicken in the valley. The chicken was plump and juicy. Now, the tenders are small and mainly pieces of fried fat. The few larger pieces were good, but only because I drenched them in Giovanni Sauce.
2	overpriced you definitely pay for all the tvs in there. Service was slow  almost walked out because no one came to our table the first 15 minutes we were there.
