5	We just had a great dinner at Sprecher's, it opened Monday (1/25/10) so we figured we'd give it a try before it got too busy.  It is a local restaurant so the menu has a Wisconsin twist with a gourmet presentation.  They carry the full selection of Sprecher beers & root beer so you'll definitely be able to find one you like, plus you can get a growler of beer or root beer to go if you don't get enough while you are there.  We both started off ordering a tap of Sprecher root beer, both came in a frosty mug and were absolutely delicious!  We ordered the Wisconsin cheese curds as an appetizer and they were wonderful, the presentation was great and you could actually taste the beer in the batter.  My husband had a burger and it was cooked to perfection on a wood fired grill.  I had a turkey & guac sandwich and the turkey was actually thick cut, not thin cut cold cut style and again, the presentation was top notch.  After dinner we did order the Creme Brulee on the previous poster's suggestion and it was delicious.  Plus, it was a good size portion for 3 bucks!  Sprecher's will definitely be our "go to" restaurant for when we've relatives or friends in town and need a mid-price range restaurant for all ages.
2	Joined a few co-workers here for lunch today, and while it wasn't stellar, it wasn't horrible.  I'd compare it to Applebee's, and I'm not a big fan of Applebee's...We were seated quickly, placed our order for drinks, and browsed the menu.  Options looked interesting, and our group decided on a nice "variety" of items: cheese curds, a wrap, a ceasar salad, a burger, and a chicken sandwich.Curds arrived; the "volume" wasn't too impressive - maybe 14-16 curds, about half of which were overcooked, all of which were soggy with grease.  Served with a marinara/salsa and ranch.  I'd skip them in the future.Entrees arrived about 15 minutes later - chicken sandwich was decent, but not real exciting (but then again, not many chicken sandwiches are).  The salad was nice - lettuce was fresh and torn into manageable pieces, although chicken was a bit scarce.  The wrap got solid reviews.  Burger was cooked to a perfect medium, but wasn't real flavorful.Sides included sweet potato fries (limp, slightly soggy), and the fresh vegetables (asparagus), which were a bit woody and overly buttered/greasy.Service was average at best - we were offered one round of refills, but didn't realize they charge for refills of the root beer ($2.50 for a 10oz glass and then $2 per refill?  Seemed excessive to me.)Total bill for four, with tip was $67.  A bit steep for lunch without any beers or drinks...Sprecher = (light) FAILService = 2.5 stars (average, a bit sparse/lacking)Food = 2.5 stars (nothing great)Value = 2 stars (a bit pricey given the quality/experience)MISC = 3 stars - nice selection of Sprecher beers & we liked the interior.In the future, I'd skip Sprecher and go to a local pub.  The food is usually better, service is better, and price is more reasonable.
4	I visited Sprechers on an unassuming Wednesday night and was quite impressed. My group reserved a table online first (unnecessary? Perhaps.) But there's always something to be said about being able to be seated the moment you walk in the door. The service throughout the night was fantastic- I don't have one complaint (and this is coming from a former server with a very critical eye). Sprecher's brews their own beer (and root beer). Not sure if it's done at the actual restaurant? Either way, my wheat brew was fantastic. It went perfectly with the giant plate of nachos that we chose for our appetizer. Without exaggerating this was THE biggest plate of nachos I've come across thus far- loaded with all kinds of goodies ! Yum! I ordered the grilled meatloaf as my entree...and although nothing beats mom's homemade loaf, I really, REALLY enjoyed my meal. The portion was more than enough and even though I'm not normally one to eat leftovers, I couldn't wait to give this another go around the next day. Finally, I just couldn't resist trying an orange cream float for desert. My overly full stomach said no, but by tastebuds screamed yes! It was the perfect ratio of ice cream to soda. An excellent cap to my unassuming Wednesday night at Sprecher's.
4	Went there on a Sunday afternoon for the first time.  All of the tap beers were $1 off and all of the appetizers were $6, so that was a plus.  They had a great selection of stuff on tap from Belgian triples to a fruity porter, so if you like beer, there will be something you'll enjoy.Waitstaff/bartenders were really friendly and the food arrived in a timely manner.  The cheese plate had very generous portions and came with capers, kalamata olives, and blueberry jam.  The atmosphere was quiet and relaxing (well, there weren't too many people there on a Sunday afternoon).  If you like the Dane but want to try something different, check this place out!
4	Checked out the new Sprecher's Restaurant the other week for dinner with family. We were pleasantly surprised. Upon pulling up there were a ton of cars - we thought there would be a wait, but once inside it didn't seem that crowded and we were seated right away. We suspected the outside patio contained most of the people to go with all the cars we saw. The had a decent assortment of Sprecher beers and an equally as good selection of sodas. I got the root beer which was a bit small but very good. Our waitress was really nice and friendly and the menu had a good selection. The prices were fair - not real cheap or expensive. I had the Cajun Pasta. It was a very good portion and had good number of shrimp and andouille pieces. (I hate it when it says shrimp and you get like two). The only complaint was that it wasn't very spicy - but then I like it pretty hot. Wifey had the Steak and Wedge and mom had the steak sandwich. Both were very happy with the food with the exception of the "Sprecher beer cheese potatoes' - these were pretty flat and tasteless. Over all we enjoyed the dinner and plan on coming back again soon.
3	Not great but not bad either.  I like the smell of the wood fire and our service was decent.  We'll be back but it won't be a priority.
3	I went here with some coworkers while we were in Madison. It was very convenient, as we were staying across at the Comfort Suites. Their menu has a very wide selection; while it's nice to try to have something for everyone, it was a little all over the place. I'm pretty sure that this restaurant was going for a German theme, yet you can order all sorts of pasta dishes and sandwiches. In any event, the cheese curds and fettuccine alfredo with shrimp was enjoyable. If I got placed at the same hotel again, I would be likely to return, if only for the convenience.
4	Went here with a couple of friends a few weeks ago. We all enjoyed what we ordered - I got the margherita flatbread (delicious!!), another person got a seafood salad, and another got the chicken special. I also ordered a side of fries, which I liked - I think they might be beer-battered, I forgot to ask. They have some of their non-alcoholic beverages on tap, but even the cherry cola I ordered came with a nice big frosted mug. Next time, I want to try the root beer on tap, it must be awesome! It had a nice atmosphere, not too loud (or too quiet) to have a real conversation. Friendly, helpful waitress. I live about a half hour away, but I'll be planning another visit here sometime soon!
3	They have an awesome outdoor patio, but the food is so-so, and eac time we go there, they mess up the order somehow. But, location, location location and on a nice day, its nice to sit outside for lunch.
2	I would say the beer is decent, service good..... Food terrible. There is nothing "fresh" tasting about anything I have tried, and I have given them many a chance.The beer garden is really nice, but again the food straight off the Cisco truck and into the fryer. Too bad.
2	The atmosphere was very nice, but the food was terrible.  Everyone I was with disliked the food.  It's very obvious that the kitchen staff is trying to be super cheap.  The nachos had a LOT of chips, but almost no toppings.  The meat dishes had almost no meat, but copious amounts of potatoes (which were horrible and bland) and cheap sides.  The schnitzel was like eating breaded shoe leather.  The flat breads were incredibly expensive for a mediocre frozen pizza like dish.The outdoor patio is awesome though.  It's a great place to grab a drink, but you shouldn't get anything to eat unless you're really hard up.
3	This was a very lively social place with some great atmosphere on the patio.  The night life was so lively, that I actually never made it inside the restaurant and spent several hours outside.  There was live music, a wonderful fireplace, and a large bar with big screen TVs showing the game.The food was good and there was a wide selection.  The only problem that I had was that the didn't have any schnitzel on the night that I was there.  I guess to me, that is like going to McDonalds and them telling you they don't have any Big Macs today.  As such, I have to give them only 3 stars.  If they had schnitzel and it was poor tasting, I would still have given them only a 4.
3	I disagree with the people who say the food is terrible, but it's not fantastic either. The prices are also definitely not three-dollar-sign high. I got a half-size Sprecher's Wrap with a Caesar salad and sweet potato fries for around $10, and it was pretty good.The melted cheese (mozzarella, I think?) in the wrap was a bit rubbery, and the greens could've been fresher. It also didn't have any Ranch dressing, which I thought I saw on the menu, but I didn't ask about it so I might've read it wrong. The fries were good--I've always been a fan of the sweet-and-salty combination of sweet potato fries--but they didn't taste fresh, mostly in texture. The salad was actually the high point of my meal; the lettuce was fresh, the croutons were nice and crunchy, and the amount of dressing was perfect.Sprecher's isn't terrible, by any means, but it's not absolutely outstanding either. The atmosphere and service were lovely, and the price was great.
3	I frequent this restaurant. The food is very good, but there is room for improvement. I would say that this is an excellent place to grab a salad for lunch, their salads are outstanding and you get a good portion. The appetizers are also very good and although you'd never think to get it, I recommend the hot pretzel, it's the best you'll find anywhere. Last but not least, they have great beers that they brew themselves (try the Abbey Tripel or Hefeweizen).The service is also good most of the time. We've had an experience or two with a lackluster waiter or waitress, but they have an Asst Manager named Matt that is incredibly friendly and helpful and he will be quick to right any wrong you encounter.P.S. If you go there during the summer, they have an INCREDIBLE outdoor patio! A+ for that!
2	The only reason this restaurant is getting two stars is because of their great outdoor patio.  Otherwise the food wasn't very good and the service was very poor.  However, I think this restaurant has potential they have a good menu if they could get someone to cook the items well.  I will return, but probably just for a drink on the patio.
4	Good food....good beer....good service
3	I've been to Sprecher's quite a few times now since they've opened and I've never really been disappointed.  As a big fan of the brewery I was excited to hear a restaurant serving their beers was opening in my area, if only for the opportunity to get Black Bavarian on tap.  In fact I'd probably just keep coming back for that alone but fortunately there are few other things they offer on top of one of my favorite beers ever.  The first few times I was meeting my father for lunch on Fridays, usually a bit later in the afternoon as I tend to get off work around 1.  My father especially likes the lunch salad and soup AYCE special and frankly all you'd ever need to do to get his undying devotion is offer him anchovies on the side of his Caesar salad.  Sprecher's does this, hence our repeated returns.  I like their combo specials and usually get the chicken wrap with their house salad.  My only complaint is the wraps are always open-ended and sometimes these can devolve into a hell of a mess.  The place always seems to be packed for lunch but since we usually arrive a bit later we tend to catch the tail end of the rush.  That sometimes means the service is a bit slow as we might catch a shift change or something, but overall I've never had any issues worth getting worked up over.  The lunch prices were probably a dollar or two higher than I'd pay normally but nothing egregious.  I could see it being loud if we were at the tables in the middle of the room but we've always been seated in the booths along the walls.After getting used to the lunch atmosphere it was a bit different to come here later at night for dinner.  The bar area gets livelier but the dining area can be a bit empty depending on the night.  I definitely like coming here when I can enjoy a Black Bavarian or two - it's one of my favorite beers ever and finding it on tap somewhere is always a treat.  Once I did experience a soapy glass but the bartender was quick in getting me a replacement.  One of these days I might just try one of the other Sprecher beers but as of now my thirst for Black Bavarian has not been slaked.  The burgers are quite good - I last had half of my sister's BBQ burger which completely invalidated my "healthy" wrap choice.  I also recommend the chicken sandwich, which pairs bacon and gouda with a tasty mustard, and also the turkey, bacon and guac sandwich.  I've never tried the Friday fish fry but a friend of mine seemed to like it when he ordered it.  I have had the brewpub tacos, deep fried tilapia with an interesting spicy slaw.  They're not too bad at all despite the fact I'm not usually a fan of the fried variant.  The sides are usually good.  My default choice is always the sweet potato fries which are crinkle-cut and dusted with a bit of sugar.  The beer cheese potatoes aren't bad either but depending on the entree can be a bit too much.  One of these days I'll try the sauerbraten or the schnitzel but it hasn't happened yet.  Dinner prices are more in line with expectations and the prices for the beer ($5 for a stein, $4 during happy hour) are a steal.  The quality of service has always been great for dinner and I can't recall a time that was less than satisfactory, so it's become one of my favored dinner destinations in the area.
2	We visited Sprecher's last night and left feeling dissatisfied.  We each had a burger and the clam chowder and split a side of onion rings.  The onion rings were very good.  However the rest was not.  The soup arrived somewhere between lukewarm and hot.  Not cold enough to complain, but not really soup temp.  We were not offered water or given a napkin.  We had to ask for that when our burgers arrived.  We also had to ask for condiments.  When they brought the ketchup (for two burgers and onion rings it was only a small container with a couple tablespoons in it.  When I asked for more, the server acted like that was unreasonable.  The burgers were also less than hot and served on a huge thick bun which made them very hard to eat.  We ordered a second beer and that must have been served in a glass with cleaning residue as there was an off taste to it.  The restaurant was cold and everytime a smoker stepped out to the patio we were hit with a blast of 5 degree air.  Overall - we will not go back there.
1	Would not recommend this place.  The management is arrogant and the food is mediocre.  We have visited them annually for the past few years with a group of 15-20 following the Crazy Legs run in Madison.  Everyone in our group (15) agreed to look for a different venue for next years event.
4	My husband and I went to Sprecher's for the first time tonight.  We had put off going for a while (to some extent because of poor reviews on Yelp) but went finally.  It was "burger and beer night" so my husband got a burger and rather large beer for $8--amazing deal.  He was very happy with the burger.  I had a big salad with chicken which was also good.  All the ingredients were fresh and the dressing was good.  Service was attentive.  The food took a little bit longer than expected but within normal range.
4	Sat on the patio tonight and it was great. Happy hr until 7, cheap drinks and and large portions. very friendly wait staff. All together a perfect night. Hoping to go back before I leave town later this week
2	Not a great experience. My husband and I stopped in to Sprecher's for a sort of post-Memorial Day/back to work after a long weekend treat. The wait staff is friendly but I think we were very rushed. We ordered the stuffed mushrooms to start - Chef "Mic" (as in Microwave) did not get all of them as hot as they should have been. I wondered in what freezer lane of Costco they were found. Also, our server forgot to bring the little plates - not a huge glitch but I wondered what else would go not-so-right.Well, that was dinner. Decided on the spur of the moment to get comfort food - meatloaf, mashed potatoes and "creamed corn." The corn actually was whole kernel with some semblence of cream sauce, which was ok-tasting but not hoopla. I am not sure what flavor was in the potatoes, that were under the two thinnish slices of meatloaf. I could tell by the "stiffness" on top of the slices that the meatloaf - perhaps the entire plate - had been sitting a long time and zapped for heat. yarny breaded onion whatever-they-were didn't do anything to cover that up.We sat on the patio, which we normally like there, but were seated just under a speaker at the edge of the gazebo that covers the bar. I'm not "old" but can only take so much Z104 during dinner. Once we were done, took forever to get our bill and a take-home box for the leftovers. Would have been an OK instead of really not-great experience if it hadn't been so expensive. Not such a treat. Has been better other times we've been there.
1	The food here was TERRIBLE. Really, Really bad. We had ceviche. It tasted like ketchup with chunks. I had shrimp, which was very over cooked. My husband had a hamburger which he ordered medium, but was very well done. My friend had chicken lettuce wraps, the chicken was dry and over cooked. The place was empty. I can see how the patio would be nice on a pretty night, but it was too hot to sit outside so we were stuck inside, which is like any other chain restaurant in America. The beer was fine. The service was good. Would NEVER GO BACK.
3	Ok food, ok atmosphere in Middleton
4	We enjoy going to Sprecher's. The (Sprecher) beer selection is great and we have found the food to be quite good.  We especially like the asian lettuce wraps and the flat breads.  I recommend trying Sprecher's and enjoying the beer and good food.Great place on Sundays for football.  $3 beers and $6 appetizers.  I see many people criticize the beer, wow!  Sprecher has some great beer.
3	great ambiance, good beer, not great food.
4	good food, good service, had a nice time with son, daughter-in-law and spouse on 10/12. Easy place to hold a conversation over dinner.
1	I ordered the am old fashioned, a Caesar salad, and the mac and cheese. My drink was not properly made. Not bad, but certainly not good. The salad was bland at best and the croutons were flavorless. These could have been forgiven if it weren't for the entree. It was one of the saltiest things that I have ever attempted to eat. A few bites in and I had to stop (despite the fact that I was starving). I had to complain to the manager and my drink and meal was comped (I sure as hell wasn't going to pay for a meal that I didn't eat). Even though I could have gotten another, I was completely uninterested.From my booth with a window to the kitchen I could see more flies than I could count. I'm really surprised that they haven't been slapped with a penalty. That really should have been my sign to leave.Service was slow, even for a Friday. It took forever for our drinks to come out and to have our order taken. I think this goes without saying, but I'll say it anyway. I will NEVER go back to Sprecher's, since this is the WORST restaurant experience I have ever had.
3	I would say that my experience was more like 3 1/2 stars. On an impromptu trip to Wisconsin with my husband we made it a point to eat at the restaurant since I have heard of the root beer before so we were equally intrigues by the prospect of an eatery as well.Going here worked out perfectly since it was less than a mile from where we were staying in Middleton. Parking was ample and the place seemed to be hopping when we were there on a Saturday evening. Not overly crowded, but sounded busy.Wisconsinites sure love their cheese and beer (not to say that I have a problem with that). You can clearly see this incorporated into their menu. We had to have the fried cheese curds app (when in Rome) and we opted to get a beer cheese soup. Our server was even nice enough to suggest split bowls. We loved the apps. Our food on the other hand was just ok, it didn't sit so well with us the next day. I guess we don't have the iron constitutions of Wisconsinites mixing beer and cheese into all their food. I had a chicken marsala with portabella ravioli and my husband had the schnitzel. The marsala didn't really taste like one in the traditional sense, but it was drowning in a cheese sauce. I can't complain too much because I loved the portabella ravioli. My husband had the schnitzel and he liked the gravy it came with and the twist by putting an egg on top. He only wished it was a a little more runny. On the whole we had a good experience. My hubby loved the mix and match deal for the beer and the soda. He thought it was worth it so we got both. Our waiter was really nice and friendly and we got seated quickly. I wouldn't mind coming back.
2	I've been to Sprecher's a number of times; sometimes I'm impressed, sometimes underwhelmed. Service tends to be slow and unfriendly, though not bad.Ambiance is pub-like, as is the food selection. It's fairly dark and can be loud, much like other pubs I've been to.The food, however, varies greatly in quality. My first visit, I got some delicious fish tacos and thought I'd found a new favorite spot. Subsequent visits have been increasingly worse. Most recently, I got Beer-battered fish and chips that were more batter than fish. Also,the menu did not specify what kind of fish it was, and the fries were limp and tasteless. My companion got the Reuben bites, which, though tasty, resembled deep fried pink  goo. For the price of the food, I would expect higher quality.
3	Not much to say that hasn't been said before.  Food was good (not super great) but service was severely lacking.  They have a variety of food options, and some good pics for lunch, but nothing overly awesome.  The one plus:  Sprecher's root beer on tap.  Worth the trip for that.  So good!
4	Sat at the bar, had a burger with a fried egg on it and their own brewed beer. It was pretty good. Bartender lived in my home town at one point... more than 1900 miles away. Decor is so so, but the food and beer was excellent. Good prices too.
4	I went last night with my mom and fiancee to celebrate mine and my fiancee's birthdays.  We got there right around 6, so there was a 30 minute wait.  However, the bar outside was open and we were served beers fairly quickly.  Plus- the beers were $3 on tap for happy hour!  I was a big fan of the Amber beer.  When we were seated, our waiter was quick, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  My mom and I were torn between dishes and he was able to tell us about them and recommend his favorites.  I thought the food came out fairly quick.  I got the schnitzel (hey, don't get many chances to try that in Madison!) and was pretty pleased.  The beer cheese potatoes were to die for, but there were a lot and they filled me up pretty quick.  The schnitzel itself was good, but I felt the pork chops were flat and not very meaty.  However, the lemon caper sauce that came with was very flavorful.  My mom got the curry shrimp and loved her dish.  I tried her asparagus and thought it was really crisp and fresh.  My fiancee got the meatloaf, and while it was not the best he has ever had (that was in Detroit!), he still enjoyed it.  We never felt we had to wait for our waiter long or try to flag him down for anything and overall I really enjoyed my experience.  I definitely recommend sitting outside!
5	Great beer and great food but the best part is the outdoor patio!  The summertime is the best time to visit Sprecher's in Madison.  But for those colder nights they do have fire pits!
4	I really do enjoy this place,I come into Wisconsin for work every once and a while and this place is directly across the street from our hotel.  They have a fantastic IPA and a few other decent beers.  The fried cheese curds are delicious and ive heard the other food is ok also.The staff here is super friendly and always on top of their game.This is a regular stop for myself as well as others in my company who travel to madison for work.
3	Stopped in for a quick bite/lunch. I tried the cheese curds and pretzels. At first I thought the cheese curds were okay, then I had cheese curds at Madison's. Sprecher's definitely need some help. Tasted just like a frozen appetizer. I had never had cheese curds before, so I thought it was just cheese curds in general. Pretzel sticks were pretty standard for pretzel sticks anywhere. Highlight of my meal was my beer! I had the Heffe Weiss, and it was seriously awesome. Loved it. I sat outside on the patio, on a beautiful day. That part was nice!
2	Disappointed in their menu revisions - avoid the curd burger.  The sauce has a bitter aftertaste that is too acidic;  curds were just lumps, not melted or soft.  Pulled pork sandwich overwhelmed with too many onion "rings" reminiscent of French's in a can.  It's impossible to eat unless you use a fork and knife.  House salad is disappointing - limp greens, no real flavor.  They've done away with the wedge salad - it's the house or Caesar.  Only so-so.
5	Stopped in after finding out that I had friends hanging out here for the evening, I have to say that I will definitely go back, I really like the atmosphere, and the fact that they have a really nice outside patio is a major plus...  The drink selection was great and bar staff was really friendly..  Sat out on the patio for dinner to enjoy the music that was playing... The meal was excellent and the wine was ok...
4	This place is hard to find because it's hidden in an office park next to a corn field. Great bar/restaurant  with an out side patio that has bar and restaurant  seating . No cover live band on the sat I went but no seating because it was packed. $ 3 drink specials between 9pm and 11pm with a band and the beer was good. Great tap options with the good beer no miller or bud stuff. I can see why this is a cool local spot. The food looked and smelled great but we just came from dinner for drinks. Tables with fire pits to eat at or the bigger communal fire pit  with deck chairs  to relax around is where we ended up because the Bar was packed. This place was cool so check it out.
3	Mediocrity, Sprecher's is thy name. Aside from their retail line of delicious sodas (their root beer is top notch) and beers, they don't really have much going for them. The food is on par with what you would find at Chili's or TGIF; bland, unimaginative Americana. For Monday's happy hour specials, they have 1/2 priced apps (although the waitress told us they were $6; the check said they were 1/2 off. Very confusing.) The buffalo wings were buffalo wings in name only. I have no idea what was put in front of me. Neon orange wings that tasted like sweet and sour chicken? No thanks. The dipping trio (spinach and artichoke dip, hummus, and spicy crab dip) served with  crostini and tortilla chips (remind me never to eat tortilla chips outside of TX and CA) were fairly unimpressive and oily. If you were to come to Sprecher's, I would recommend drinking your meal. Go elsewhere to satisfy your hunger.
4	Awesome root beer. The best Reuben sandwich I have ever had in Madison.Good service on a quiet Tuesday night.  All the other dishes on the table looked good, too.   We will be back.
1	The service was absolutely terrible. The restaurant was half empty when we arrived yet our waitress managed to mix up our drinks and mess up 2 of the orders in our party of four. We notified the waitress and she said she would "check right on it" yet she took an order for a table of six and checked on another table before telling the manager our meal was wrong. Those in our party that had our correct meals were half done before the manager came over to say the flat breads we order would be out soon. He saw we were upset and gave a round of beers to those who were still waiting to eat. After the meal the waitress came over and curtly said, "Sorry, I'm busy." and then walked away. I waitressed for ten years, and if she can't handle the slow Sunday night she needs to switch careers. The food overall was ok. Not great, not terrible.
3	Sprecher's is a good standby for an after work happy hour.  It is close to the office, has good happy hour specials, and decent service.  This place also has a large selection of apps which are on special during the happy hour along with the drinks.  On my most recent visit we ordered the deep fried muchrooms, cheese curds, chicken nachos, pretzel sticks and a bunch of other apps that were on the menu.  None of the items were stand out but they weren't bad either.  Because this place is so close to my office we find ourselves here a lot.  It is especially nice in the summer as they have a great patio with live bands some nights.
3	Prices are good. My flatbread was pretty good however my boyfriends burger was overcooked. The waitress was a little inattentive and didn't ask how our food was until I was done eating. Also tried to charge an extra $1 for having a strawberry margarita vs regular which seemed odd considering they didn't use fresh strawberries. They did revise the bill and take it off though. Overall okay place. Might go back but won't go out of my way.
2	Mediocre. The soda is great, but everything else misses the mark.I was disappointed the last couple of times here, but decided to give it one more shot. Beer cheese soup was more like a watery, premade broth. I could have sworn I found small still powdered cheese lumps in mine (i.e. this wasn't "homemade" but probably from a premix bag or something). Hamburger was just OK. Chicken wrap was tasteless. The servers, while earnest, seem to always be new on the job and miss the mark on offering solid, balanced, unobtrusive service (either too much or too little attention given to table).My soapbox thoughts of why a restaurant gets into this state? It's either the manager or restaurant owner or both. If you have a supportive owner who wants to make quality food using quality ingredients and a manager who really knows the restaurant business and can keep the staff on their toes, you can't go wrong.
1	Womp womp. Just stopped in here. Was seated in the bar and waited for 15 minutes without so much as a glance from the five waitstaff and bartender who were in the bar bar area at the time. Disappointed..have been wanting to stop in for a long time.
4	I'm actually really surprised that this place only has 3 stars. We had a great experience here on Friday night! Service was great. Drinks and food all came very fast, really no complaints at our table whatsoever. They have a lot of gluten free options which is awesome. You can also substitute gluten free flatbread and buns, woot woot! I had the Spicy Thai Chicken Flatbread with gluten free flatbread and it was delicious. Just the right amount of heat! My boyfriend had the Curd Burger and said it was also very good. Maybe a little too much cheese but he probably should've been expecting that when there are cheese curds on the actual burger, haha. Others at our table ordered the Margharita pizza, pot roast and a kids order of chicken tenders. Everyone really enjoyed their meal, I'll be back!
1	Email I sentTravisI just wanted to express my disappointment with the service.  We were here two years ago passing through town and the service was terrible.  We decided to stop again today since we were in town for a hockey tournament and unfortunately I have to say there was no improvement to the service, slow to be seated, slow to be waited upon and slow to get our food.  Also, my wife 's potato soup was very watered down.  I thought there would be improvement but not even close.
5	Love the $3 pints and $6 appetizers during happy hour.  Friendly staff and a great bar to sit at.  Try the $6  happy hour nachos.
4	I really enjoy going here. I like the service, the beer, and the atmosphere; especially the patio on warm days. However, I have been disappointed with the consistency of the food, lately. I go every few months and it seems even if I order the same thing they prepare it or present it differently each time I go... the changes aren't always for the best. The beer cheese soup was very watered down the last time I went. I remember having it in the past and wondering why I even ordered a main dish because the soup was filling. A few weeks ago the soup was watery and disappointing. I won't order that again. I'll definitely return, but if the food continues to go downhill, I will stop going and update my review.
4	It would be impossible for me to count the number of times I've been back to Sprecher since my review of 2010... maybe 50? 60? We visit here quite often for work-related functions and lunches.+ Great venue and space; love the bar and the outdoor patio, in particular+ Friendly staff - always very helpful and great to work with+ Generally good beers - there are a few stinkers that I'm not as fond of, but for the most part, I enjoy them+ You can grab some additional non-Sprecher beers if you're so inclined+ Full bar as well+ Free wifi+ Good bathrooms - huge and always clean- It gets crazy busy in the summer and service suffers a bit+ The food can be awesome at times- The food can be less than awesome at times- Food is a bit pricey+ Summer patio often has live music/entertainmentWhere Sprecher's shines for me is with hosting larger functions. We have many the happy hour in their bar area, and we've used the back room to host more intimate events (as well as Fantasy Football drafts). If you've got a group of 20-40, this is your place. They really do an outstanding job with groups.For smaller groups (2-4 people), I've found the service can be hit or miss. Yes, the staff is friendly, but there have been several times (especially in the summer), where we absolutely couldn't flag anyone down for a water or drink refill. It's a nice problem to have to be so busy, but it is a bit frustrating when it's taking place.All things considered, Sprecher's is a solid 3.5 - 3.75 star venue. I like it. I like it a lot. I bumped them to 4-stars because they're so helpful and accommodating for group events.
1	Burger was cold charged a $1 for soda refills, service was horrible and non existent. Worst of all they doubled charged my amex tried calling them to get it fixed none seemed to care so I disputed it with amex instead. I wouldn't go back here. It's a shame I do live their beer/root beerUpdate: amex informed me that the location was unresponsive to their request and refunded me the double charge.
2	Drink the Cream Soda - don't eat the food.  Seriously.  I want to like this place - Sprecher Cream Soda is my favorite "craft" soda of all TIME.  I lived in IL for 10 years and would seek it out in every grocery store I could.  I was super excited when we moved back to the Madison area and lived near the Sprecher. **Disclaimer - I don't eat meat!** The first time we ate there was in the restaurant, where I ordered their version of Mac and Cheese. I have eaten a lot of Mac and Cheese in my day - this was nothing to write home about. In fact, it was pretty sad, considering Sprecher is a WI company and should specialize in WI things like CHEESE.  The second time we had carryout, and I got a Margherita Flatbread. I kind of feel like it's hard to screw up pizza - but even this was lackluster. It was soggy and the ingredients were definitely not fresh. I wouldn't say it tasted bad, but it definitely didn't taste good.  I can't speak for our guests, because they aren't going to admit that they didn't enjoy the meal we just fed them, but I know both of my husband's meals were "just okay" - with the exception of his Fish Dinner, which he did love. In MY opinion, the menu here has SO much promise - I just wish it was executed better.
1	Meh. This place is right up my alley and I really want to like it, but the food is subpar..it just is. I have gone to Sprechers 3 times, each time hoping to have a better experience (because I feel like it should be awesome..) but I am always disappointed.Their beer that I've tried is okay, nothing to write home about. I generally love Ambers and their Amber is decent. The wine is laughably overpriced.. Just don't. The 7 cheese curds that came as an appetizer were good, but this is Wisconsin.. We want more than 7 cheese curds. On my last visit, I got the fish and chips. The fish was unbelievably over seasoned, I could barely taste the fish! It seemed like they coated the fish itself in seasoning before they coated it in the batter that was also over seasoned... Bad!!!! Also, the breading was so sad, it fell off the fish every time I cut a piece of fish off. I had to work pretty hard to get a bite with both fish AND breading. I have made delicious fried fish at home, I know it's not that hard.. But apparently it is for Sprechers. I think I'm done giving this place chances. Too bad.
3	If you like pub food, this is your place.  The service is slow because the place is packed.  The food is pub food and not the best i've had.  I did try  the low cal homemade root beer, but even that was not the best.  All in all, I will pass next time, but pub food is not my thing.
4	I read a lot of the reviews before going there and was a bit nervous.  After going, I'm not sure if I just went on a good day/time or what.  Service was really good, the pretzels were amazing and the quesadilla was really good too.  Being a fan of micro-brew beer i found the beer to be pretty good too.  Overall it was a good experience and I will be back!  One extra bonus is that on Sunday's it's happy hour all day, $3 beers and $6 apps!!!
1	After two years we decided to try this place again.  Huge mistake!!!!  Place was packed so we decided to sit outside.  We were ignored for 20-30 minutes before we got our order put in.  Do you waitress continued to tell us that our order will be right up.  Well at hour and a half later we decided to walk out .  2 hours there waiting and no food along with being ignored ...horrible service ....the manager was shocked when we confronted him.   I had originally put it that this is a great place for the great food and great service but now I take it back, one of the worst places to eat in Madison.  We were also told by the manager that they were gutting our order to fill other orders.  The manager sent us home with free food but we could not even eat it because it was disgusting.  We will not return!!!
4	Stopped here for dinner after my boyfriend's graduation this past weekend. We stopped at 8 PM and it was still packed, which was kind of to be expected due to the amount of people in Madison for the weekend. However we were seated within 15 minutes of getting there so the wait wasn't too bad!Keeping my rating the same. However our service was much worse this time around. We barely saw our waitress and had a very difficult time tracking her down to order more drinks. We experienced better service from the guy who brought our food out, which he would've received our tip rather than our waitress.This time around I decided to try their fish fry and it was very good. The breading may have been a little too thick for my taste, but it wasn't very greasy and the actual batter had some yummy herbs in it to compliment the fish. You also get a fairly large serving (3 big-ish pieces of fish with fries and coleslaw). The fries were yummy, not a fan of the coleslaw but I generally don't like creamy coleslaws so whatever.Everyone else really liked their food too. This is always a solid place to stop and grab a bite to eat, just wish our service would've been better!
2	Third time here in 4 years. Don't plan to come back. Worst brew pub in area.  Asian noodle bowl tasted like water, no flavor at all. Medium rare (some pink) curd burger was served well done despite having the med/rare skewer in it. Burger didn't have much taste either and was pretty pricey for what you got.  Fries were pretty boring. Quesadillas went uneaten, meh. Cheese curds were at best average. The soft pretzels were awesome and the beers are really good! Love the atmosphere! Service was fair at best, mother in law said her dish was awful and they barely said sorry and no discount or replacement.  Mediocre food, overpricing and bad service means this place is just a bar to me now.
4	I would've given it 5 stars, but when I first walked in and sat on their really nice patio, for about 10 minutes the wait staff completely ignored me. I ended up sitting at the bar, and the bartender took my order right away.The food (5 stars): I ordered grilled chicken with quinoa and it was delicious!Overall, definitely a repeat.
4	Food was great. I've always enjoyed their wing appetizer. The burger was tasty as well. Best things though was their nachos, AMAZING!!! Service was not good and would often disappear for a while with the checks. But great outdoor bad and seating area. Definitely coming back to hangout on the patio and eat some nachos
1	Terrible customer service! Every time my wife and I try to go there, the seating host always greets other people before us even when we arrive first.I don't think I'll be going back.
5	Me and some friends went here for dinner tonight. It was their first time, my second. The weather was great and we got to sit at a fire pit table on the patio. Our waitress was great and very attentive. Couldn't have asked for a better environment for dinner tonight. The food is pretty good too. (I had the ribs, a friend had the "Sconnie Burger.") Make sure to get a bottle of root beer when you're here!
2	I'm ok on this place. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special. The root beer, of course, is delicious. The look of the restaurant is great. I'd rather buy the root beer from the store and eat elsewhere.
4	Awesome outdoor seating, I would come here just for that alone. There was live music as well which was great. The food is decent, the new thia summer options are really good and I would recommend those.
3	Sprecher always sounds like a good idea, and I always go in with high hopes only to leave feeling slightly disappointed with the food.The menu has a great variety and everything sounds good, but when you get your food it's always just okay...nothing special or memorable.I go here for the atmosphere more than anything. The outdoor area is super nice.  There are tons of tables  with comfortable seating including some with fire pits in the middle. The outdoor bar has huge TVs and fans.  It's a really cool place to hang out and great for groups!  Did I mention that the happy hour prices are amazing?  $3 for a beer!  They have lots unique drink options.  The alcoholic ginger beer is very good and refreshing on a hot summer day.  The alcoholic root beer isn't very good; I wouldn't order it again.
1	If you want to wait 30 min to be seated after parties your size or larger have been seated before you even though you're first in line and then wait at least an hour for simple food (burgers and brats), then this is your place. Only redeeming factor was the band, Retro Specs.
4	I was in Madison last weekend, got in late, and went to Sprecher's, mainly because it was right across the street from the hotel I was staying at.The place is typical pub-type atmosphere, which to say, a bit loud. But it was Friday night and there was a game on. Friendly hostess seated me right away. Waiter was cheerful, service was good. I ordered the Schnitzel (pork). It came a-la Holstein, which is to say it had a fried egg on top. The sauce on the side was a lemon-caper sauce, very good, though it reminded me a lot of Veal Piccata. I've never had Schnitzel which included capers, but there's always variances in recipes. They had a Hefewiessen beer on tap which was pretty good. I left well-satisfied. If you're looking for good food that isn't too expensive, Sprecher's is a good choice.
2	Service was okay. Food was okay. Husband had the fish fry and he said it was good. My burger was not freshly made like the menu says. My bun was very stale
