3	Love the friendly service and the welcoming atmosphere. The menu is creative and offers unique options to satisfy everyones taste.The prices were a pleasant surprise,  i felt they were reasonable given the quality of the meal. I was dissappointed however, that they didn't offer bread, even with the spaggetti dinner.  If you are looking to enjoy a quality meal that is reasonably priced, I reccomend this restaraunt.
1	From the outside, it seems like you would really like this restaurant.  The decor is pleasant and inviting.  However, once you step inside your opinion will change.  It took almost 7 minutes before someone told us to sit wherever we wanted and didn't even offer us menus - we went and got those ourselves (this was after standing there staring at 2 people that work there - with zero response - as if we weren't even there! There was even a server EATING and talking to people at the bar area).  The people waiting behind us actually left because they were tired of waiting... they had a big group, too (in hindsight, they were smarter than us!). Secondly, it took about 10 more minutes before someone asked us if we wanted something to drink.  Mind you - if I didn't have anything to do and could just sit around all day, it wouldn't have been that big of a deal, but I have a one year old that will only sit for about 30-40 mins without melting down (sufficient time to eat lunch, btw).  I wanted to make a simple change on one of the sandwiches, but the waitress seemed flustered and confused.  The sandwich arrived and it was pretty delicious, I have to say.  There was something weird about the fries, though ($2 extra for fries, btw).  Maybe they are fresh made or something, but they had a raw-ish taste to them. I would skip the fries if you actually want to try this place.  My other daughter had the veggie sandwich, which she also said was very good.  The food is good, but the service is terrible.  Nobody checked on us one single time... even though they were wandering around.  To top things off during our dining experience, there were several dogs barking very loudly - I thought they were out in the courtyard - turns out they were in the restaurant office!  The owner or server person actually walked them THROUGH the restaurant twice!! I love dogs, don't get me wrong - but, I DON'T love dogs in restaurants where my food is prepared and served.  So, at this point we just wanted to get the check and leave.  When the check arrived, they had the nerve to charge me $1 extra for swiss cheese - which was SUPPOSED to be on my sandwich anyhow!!! I asked the server about this and she said the Chef told her to do that -- that sounds odd to me.  She came back and said that they "obviously comped me the $1 for the cheese" - wow, like they're doing me a favor by not charging me for something that was supposed to be on the sandwich in the first place??!!!  Wow... I will never go back and I will (clearly) never recommend anyone frequent this restaurant.  What a joke!  For a new place, they should be doing everything they can to try to please people so they come back and tell their friends.  Carefree is a small town and they should know better.  Shame on you, Venues!
5	Love this place! Mussels are incredible, get the spicy tomato broth and extra bread. Ask for the new peligroso cocktail!
1	I hate to say this but the service was terrible.  We waited about an hour for our food.  I ordered a breakfast sandwich which was suppose to be an over easy egg.  it was scrambled with so much cheese the grease was dripping.  I ended up eating the English muffin and bacon.  When I told the waitress, all she said was sorry and walked off.  Never again!!!!
5	We have been to Venues multiple times and always had excellent service, drinks and food. We've had some of the same issues as Stephanie D in the prevoius post where we feel we can get subpar service at other restaurants because we're young... not with this place! We would usually go very late and the owner always comes by and chats with us while drinking his own glass of wine. It is a very relaxed and wonderful place. My husband and I are always looking for small, local restaurants and wine places to explore that does not have the usual pretentious Scottsdale crowds. This place has great ambiance without coming off uptight. Plus they have great live music every time we've been there.  I will continue to frequent this place!Apparently they have Saturday morning car shows and breakfast that my husband is planning on attending as well. I like the fact that they have bottomless house wine specials for $10...sweet!
4	Caution: As of November 2012, Venues Cafe does not participate in Maricopa Co. Envtl. Services restaurant grading system. I am truly surprised by the delightful experience at Venues Cafe this evening.  Surprised because a place this good and comfortable and sophisticated has never seen its like up here in the Desert Foothills.  And, truth be told, is quite rare elsewhere in the Valley.  But 'round these parts it's the antidote to buckets of cowboy grub!We started with a high quality, "clean" shrimp cocktail.  Next, spinach salad ordered with bleu cheese dressing was perfect -- tossed with the exact right amount of a delicious but not obnoxious (read: not sweet or goopy) dressing.  Entree:  Perhaps the best salmon I've ever tasted (get it cooked medium rare!)  This included APPROPRIATELY SIZED portions of mashed potatoes and broccolini.  No voluminous portions here, thank you very much, just the perfect amount to make you want ... dessert!  Actually the strawberry shortcake was a disappointment as it was basically a nothing-spectacular cake with strawberry-ish stuff between the layers.  But not a single real strawberry, even for garnish!  Bad form.  But the warm, spicy and gooey bread pudding was dee-lish and certainly re-orderable.The environs are an instantly comfortable, warm wood feel and the gifted live singer / guitarist, Dan Emrey, was so gratefully at a perfect volume so I never had to strain to hear my friends speak, nor did I have to raise my voice in order to be heard.  Whad'ya know?  A live musician who actually contributed to the evening rather than hogging the entire acoustic space.  "Bravo" to Dan and "well done" to Katherine and staff.
5	Awesome restaurant.  Here on a Friday night and it is packed.  Diablo broth was amazing.  Chocolate mousse torte was incredible.  We had really good service.  Would definitely recommend this place.
3	The happy hour is great, not sure how they can do $10 unlimited wine for ladies and stay open.    The $5 minute items are fun and have a good variety.   I agree with MR the creepy guy should stay away from the customers.Bring Dave back!
4	We had a lovely breakfast here this morning. Usually we will not choose the buffet but made an exception when we saw what was there and you cannot beat the price! We had delicious scrambled eggs, really delicious sausages, potatoes, fruit, toast, oatmeal and waffles with maple syrup. All of this for $9.95...including coffee.The atmosphere was nice, the staff very attentive and friendly and they even gave us a highchair letting us know they had just wiped it down with sanitizer and it was super clean! That never happens....usually at most establishments we are handed a highchair that is in very bad shape to say the least.A great place for breakfast. Only lost a star as I thought the coffee could be better..... but it was good enough considering all we got!
4	Great, great place.  Ownership change made a huge difference in the quality and overall experience.  The service is very nice, the food is amazing, and the specials are really good.Order the Chicken Shnitzel, it sounds weird, but it is one of the best things on the menu.  All of the deserts are made in house, the cobbler is my favorite.  Everything is absolutely delicious and the restaurant itself is beautiful.Everyone must visit for a truly excellent experience.
1	What a shame...Like so many of my failed relationships I fell for something that looked attractive, only to find out that beauty is sadly often only skin deep.  Such was my relationship with Venues today.It looked great.  The location is cool, right near the sundial and the stone work and rustic/contemporary feel really pulled me in.  We grabbed a table outside and the waitress handed us some menus and asked what we wanted to drink.  She brought an iced tea and then we watched.We watched the staff walk around seemingly in a New Years Day daze.  After about 15 minutes I told my friend to put down her menu, thinking that her still holding the menu was preventing the waitress from thinking we were ready.  Five minutes later I finally succeeded at getting that precious eye contact and she took our order.  Then...once again...we waited.Now another fifteen or even twenty minutes passed and this time when I gained that eye contact I must have triggered her memory that we still hadnt been served so she went and checked.  Nothing.  Another five and she says "I'm going to see whats going on!"  She came back and acknowledged that she forgot to put our order in and offered to buy me a beer.  It was too early so I declined, but no other compensation whatsoever was made for this screw up.She then came back again and told us that it shouldnt be much longer...there was only one order ahead of us.  How could anybody be ahead of us?  Wouldnt the kitchen drop everything to take care of the salad (thats right...thats all we ordered).  Nope.Another five.  "Its almost done...there are just finishing the chicken."  We stopped her and said "Thats OK now...just bring the lettuce...we dont need the chicken".  "OK...are you sure?"  "Yes!!!" we told her"  We expected her right back now...no such luck.  Another five and she finally came back with the salad with the chicken.  Now she didnt try to bluff us and took fault for the error.  I'll give her that but the check came without any favors.  Didnt offer dessert.  I wasnt drinking and hadnt even hinted that I do so it was surprising that the only offer she made was for a beer?  She joked and even tongue in cheek made fun of the situation and it did add some levity.  She acknowledged "The shitty service" (her words) which I did laugh at.  But who would go back when they didnt even say "Hey....its on us...just please give us a second chance".  I dont think I will ever go back.  Maybe for a drink but I really felt bad for everybody waiting on their meal.  I think that one table left without waiting for their food while we were there.Great atmosphere and unlimited potential I might guess but as for right now the "New Ownership" sign isnt winning over any patrons.  It couldnt have been any worse before.Good luck.  Its a tough business!
4	What a wonderful place, staff are freindly and attentive but they also know when to just leave you alone. The menu covers all of my tastes in food with a good " daily " selection. Entertainment at the weekend is well selected and I love that you can still converse whilst it's on. This is a new owner and she has made some wonderful changes in all areas. If you want an enjoyable experience I would recommend it.
4	Food is good. Service is excellent.  I've only had lunch there and it's been awesome...I keep coming back!
3	The Potato Crisps with blue cheese dip was awesome, so were the scallops.  We came late at night with only 3 other tables filled.  Unfortunately, the female bartender was a bit boisterous so we were a bit annoyed with how loud her voice was.  The atmosphere was pleasant and we wish the kitchen hadn't closed or we would have gotten dessert.  I'd return again, maybe for brunch.
4	The aforementioned "boisterous" bartender is one of the best things about Venues, along with the new chef and friendly staff. The salmon is some of the best I have ever tasted and is awesome atop the spinach salad for a light dinner. Eat it at the bar while chatting with the always-entertaining Christine and you will have a delicious and memorable evening.
5	We just found our new favorite restuarant. Had an incredible meal (my husband enjoyed the pasta special of linguini and clams and I had the ciopinno), enjoy a really pleasant atmosphere, was treated to great service from Lorraine, and they even had Magners hard cider at the bar!  We will definitely be back to enjoy this truly wonderful restaurant.
1	One place I would never go back to. It looked like a nice place when we first got there so I guess our expectations were high but the service and food were pretty bad. Crab cakes were mushy and tasted old. The sea scallops were not fresh and not seasoned. We were shocked when we saw a dog in the dining room. The server said that was the owner's dog and it's there every day. I like dogs but I didn't know they were allowed in restaurants when people are dining. This is one place I will never visit again.
3	It was fine, we went here for Easter brunch because it was nice to take a drive out of Phoenix.  The service was ok, maybe a tad on the "I'm ignoring you" side but not horrible.  What was interesting about the place was the artwork on the walls was really nice.  It was from the art store a couple of doors down.  It impressed us.
1	Travel forever for what a waste of time. Food was Average new Chef needs training. Good luck to this place! Don't waste your time and gas. Try the Boulders it's closer!Service was the worst diner service. Learn how to open a bottle of wine!Better yet go to Cafe Bink same area way better food and service!
2	I was really wanting to try this place for a long while for some of the things I had heard. Not living up to expectations by any means. The food was generally good and the service was OK, but was not so excited to take friends from out of town for dinner and we seemed to be the only other people besides maybe 2 tables in the whole place. In general dissapointed, but hoping maybe we came on the wrong day.
2	I think this is a great location but I am not impressed with the food or drink. I ordered some bbq sliders and I they tasted exactly like lloyds bbq in a bucket from Safeway. Not a great deal and their beer selection is tiny. This place could be something special but sadly I will pass on going here again. It's a shame because they have a nice patio out front and the interior is nice as well.
5	Was on a business trip in Scottsdale and a colleague and I decided to go off the beaten path for dinner and stumbled upon Venues.The first thing I noticed was the fantastic art all around the restaurant (I only wish I could afford to buy some). It gave the place a nice warm feeling. I'm definitely big on atmosphere and this place really got it right.But let's be honest the atmosphere only does so much for a place...what really matters is the food and needless to say I was not disappointed. We shared the calamari for an appetizer and it was so nice and lightly breaded and fried and not chewy (I hate chewy calamari!!!). I decided on the seafood linguine which was nice and light with al dente pasta but the real star of the night was the pork chop that my colleague ordered...I don't know what they did to it but I think it might have been the best pork chop I've ever had and the apple chutney really complemented it well.Overall, fairly priced, great atmosphere, good service and amazing pork chops!! Would definitely recommend it.
5	what bad could be said???  delicious, delicious, delicious chef cooked meals.  drink selection is fabulous and they have created the best atmosphere to exist in this location.  owner and staff have always been fantastic to me.
5	Visiting on a trip from NYC, driving up easy street.. we came upon Venues Cafe. From the outside, the patio area is very inviting but we decided to escape the AZ heat and sit inside. The interior is beautiful, accented by a stone wall and wonderful paintings from local galleries. I love the hammered copper topped tables!I had a organic IPA from a brewery in Colorado I believe and my girlfriend had a cocktail from the bar. We started with the mahi-mahi tacos, which were delicious. For entrees, she had the mussell and clam linguine which she raved about! I enjoyed the all the extra seafood! I had the bone-in pork chop with apple chutney, it was expertly cooked and jucier than any chop i've had before! Delicious food overall, complimented by friendly and attentive servers. On our next trip to Cave Creek/Carefree, we will definitely return to drink and dine at Venues!
4	Mahi tacos -deelish!  Totally fun place - we loved the food and the atmosphere
5	Great food and ambience. Prices are very reasonable and wine list is excellent. People are very friendly and wait staff is the best. You must try it!!
4	What a wonderful find right in my backyard!  Food was excellent and Service was great.  Have been there for happy hour and dinner.  Will be my neighborhood go to place.
4	I am constantly going back to this restaurant, if you find something that works then stick with it I think. Food is varied, good and well prepared, as I have said before the staff they are always attentive and very friendly but they seem to be able to know when to leave you alone as when I am eating lunch and reading my papers. Oh by the way did I mention my wife loves it there.
5	Great atmosphere. Great food. Summer salad with ahi tuna and mahi mahi tacos are delicious.
4	As always a very good experience, food was correct portion size and staff were as always very attentive. I have been back 3 times in the last 10 days as you know exactly what you are getting. Good food, service and ambiance at a reasonable cost.
1	Food was terrible for the price.  I ordered the MahiMahi taco's and my husband ordered the Jumbo Sea Scallops.  The fish tacos, had hardly any fish and the fish that was on it,  tasted very old and fishy, ( freezerburn) ( it was not fresh fish)YUCK!. The jumbo Sea Scallops were rubbery and not very jumbo. That order took almost 40 minutes to get and it wasn't very busy.  They charged us an additional $2.50 to split a wedge salad that already cost $9.95. We sent back our food and ordered a hamburger and split that and they charged us an additional $ 2. 50 to cut a hamburger in half, and the waitress stated I could have a side with the hamburger, I ordered a side salad ( We don't eat carbs, so I didn't order the fries) it was an additional $ 2.00 upcharge. At no point in time did the waitress ever tell us about any of the split plate fees or upcharges.  So for a split hamburger, a split wedge salad and 2 waters, we paid $29.12. What a rip off!! and we sat there for almost 2 hours.
4	Stopped in for a coffee. Two hot coffees and one with some Kahlua. Yummy. Great music in the background. Nice music in the background, very comfy place, with fireplace. When we were leaving a gentleman came up and started a conversation then proceeded to give us a tour of the upstairs that I was unaware of. Turns out there is another half upstairs. It is a art gallery/meeting room of sorts. Very tastefully decorated with a variety of pieces. There is more to be done and looks like a great spot to hold a gathering. Its full service upstairs.
2	I've eaten at this restaurant probably 10 times, so I'm confident my overall assessment is accurate. The location is fabulous. The decor is amazing. The food is very good.The issue with Venues? The service. Each time I go, it takes 40 minutes for food to arrive. Part of the wait is the 15-ish minutes it takes for a waitress to even come to the table. I'm not sure why this is because there are always plenty of employees walking around?If the owners would fix the 'time/service' issues, this would be an overall fabulous restaurant.
3	It had very tasty food and having the yelp deal made it even sweeter ! We were there for an art & chocolate festival great place to eat & shop I will be returning again very soon the burgers were great service was a bit slow we had to seat ourselves and there was no wait which was good , the decore was cool and they had art for sale on the walls if in the area give it a try : )
2	We went here for lunch because it was near an arts and wine festival we were attending.  It took FOREVER for our drink order then for our food order.  They were busy but not that busy for our table to be ignored.  The food was not that great.  I had a patty melt with fries.  I wouldn't eat there again.
5	This is a great establishment! I love everything about it.
5	A beautiful dog friendly restaurant? Count me in! Dog bowls on the patio and beautiful decor inside, this is a great restaurant for a date or anytime. Joe was a great server who checked in often and was very friendly. Amazing sweet potato soup, fish and chips, and bread pudding to share for dessert. We'll defiantly be back.
3	Update - happy hour is a bit silly with $1 off beers.  Similar with wine, signature cocktails (the $11 ones).   Might as well not have a happy hour if that's the way you're going to play it.  Pleasant experience here on a rather calm evening.  Service was exceptional with Joe M., and our food choices were good.  Prices were on par with alternatives in the area, though I wished there were more beer options on draft.  Wine selection seemed rather diverse.  Parking was good.  Nice, clean atmosphere.  Only significant negative was the dog-friendly policy for the outside seating.  Not all of us are "dog people", and yet would like to enjoy the outdoor seating during nice weather months.  I have to tolerate neighborly dog issues at home so when I go out this is one of the very things I do not want to have to deal with at all.  I'd rather deal with annoying children of other patrons at a nice restaurant than dogs.
5	I highly recommend this fantastic restaurant.  We we there on a Saturday night and got seated right away. Great food, cocktails and music. The wait staff was very responsive and polite. The owners came by and were sincerely interested in how we were enjoying ourselves.   I had the Lobster Mac and cheese, and my wife ha the halibut.  All were fantastic. We are from out of town...it's a must go!!!!
1	Have been several times and had good service but have to say venues wasn't prepared for Mothers Day today! We waited an hour and fifteen minutes for sandwiches!!! That was after waiting 20 minutes for a server to even come get our drink order! Don't know that we will be back anytime soon.
4	I've been to Venues Cafe twice - once for Sunday brunch and another time for lunch.  The outside seating area is beautiful.  I sat outside both times.  The food is excellent and I found the service to be awesome.  They were very attentive, never needed to ask for anything as they were at the table checking in very often.
1	We wanted to give this place a chance because the atmosphere is lovely, but after multiple visits, I must say that we will not be returning. The food is mediocre at best, and overpriced as well. Portions are small (i ordered the $14 crab cake appetizer and a bowl of vegetable soup and received 2 mushy crab cakes the size of fifty cent pieces and half a bowl of flavorless broth with literally 3 pieces of unidentifiable vegetable floating in it) My husband had pork "albert" which was not only a skimpy portion, but so tough he could hardly cut through it. My mother in law had the fish and chips, which she said she wouldn't ever order again.My advice-go for a cocktail, but go elsewhere for dinner!
1	For Father's Day we drove 45 minutes to Venues thinking it would be a delightful breakfast meal.  Their weren't many people in the restaurant  so we thought the service would be exceptional.   The service was slow and the food was not good.  When we received our food, it was almost cold and my order was wrong.  For the  quality and cost of the food we were so disappointed.  I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.On the brighter side, the employees we came in contact with were very nice.
3	I walked in this morning wanting to give this place four or even five stars...I love Carefree and Cave Creek and prefer to support and patronize independent restaurants.After reading the reviews and meeting the owners years ago, I was excited to finally give them a chance. They seemed like hard working people, eager to please with their new restaurant adventure.Before leaving for the restaurant, I had viewed the menu online and had already made up my mind on what I wanted. My friend had the pear salad which was very nice, colorful and light.I was disappointed with my smoked Salmon eggs benedict though. The hollandaise sauce was a major disappointment...I don't see what is so famous about it as the menu states...i can tell the difference between a freshly made hollandaise and one from a mix...and that one served on my eggs this morning neither had the look or the taste or the look of  a fresh hollandaise (shiny bright yellow...vs pale and somber)The restaurant wasn't busy...there were a few tables seated however there was only one very friendly waitress.Then the order came out wrong...even though I repeated myself to confirm that yes indeed it was the smoked salmon eggs benedict that I wanted...but a breakfast burrito came out instead...maybe i should have settled for that...who ate the mistake burrito ? Then the side of potatoes was barely warm...and the side of fruit was so unappealing that I did not even touch it. The second attempt was much better.Again, I really wanted to give Venues a four or five star.I had noticed that Catherine had tried to address some of the online concerns with regards to food and service issues in the past. I thought that was admirable to at least show a certain level of care.However in between a couple of service issues and the quality of the food does not warrant me to say that I am either a fan or this is as good as it gets. I am glad I gave them a first try but really you have failed to wow me.
5	I Love this place when I am home in Carefree.  They have a great menu and are very helpful with regards to my food allergies!!  Sometimes I just have a glass of wine (or 2) but have tried many things on the menu.  My current dinner favorite is the Chicken Schnitzel!  Good sized portion and very tasty!  They now have Cider on tap too....Delicious!
4	When you are looking to get away from the Cowboys in cave creek, drive a few blocks over to carefree and find this little gem. The food is great and it's a cute little restaurant. Prices are reasonable as well. Great little find!
5	Four of us went to Venue's first wine pairing dinner last night.  My husband and I had never been there before, but what a treat it was!  The newly remodeled place is tastefully done creating a warm and inviting atmosphere.  The staff was was professional, yet very friendly and accommodating.  Our amazing six course meal was planned and prepared by the same guest chef  instrumental in recently revamping their menu.  The presentation, quality and taste of the dinner along with perfectly paired Napa wine was truly five star!  We're going back next week - and it's worth the 45 minute drive.
1	The whole dynamics of Venues has changed!  Carefree Station closed and they brought over most of the staff and it is crowded and noisy the original patrons of Venues have left and gone elsewhere. And a new crowd has followed from the other restaurant.  I find it to be a very odd and awkward situation......we'll see?
5	Pretzel Reuben was very tasty, would highly recommend.   Had the sandwich with an orange wit brew.
1	I went here with my family after going to the Carefree Christmas craft fair and before the parade. It was a very busy night and seemed that no one that worked there could handle the rush. At one point while waiting for a few of our guests to arrive,  a waitress (not ours) came and took the appetizer plates that were in the empty seats and gave them to another table, without asking or saying anything to us. Not only was this rude but completely unsanitary to take something of one person table and give it to another without cleaning it! I ordered the chicken ceaser wrap and asked for no dressing but was told on special event nights there are no changes at all to the menu. Really? It doesn't seem difficult to not put dressing on my wrap. In the end,  the waitress told the kitchen it was due to a food allergy so they accommodated me, which was nice. The chicken was horrible and tasted like it was coated in salt. Overall it took 2 hours for 6 of us to eat because things were so slow. I won't be going back.
2	I came here with friends to see Jeordie, an amazing musician (totally check her out if she's at a venue near you!). The food was ok but not great. I had the wedge with chicken. I specifically asked if the chicken was char-grilled and was told yes. It was poached and over-cooked (better than under, but still...). My friend ordered mussels and they came out good but kinda luke warm. My other friend ordered the seafood brochette and the salmon was not great - tasted very fishy. They claim it's wild.  It's impossible to get fresh wild salmon in January, so that would suggest it was frozen. When the owner came over to ask how things were, I shared my honest feedback. She graciously received my comments and thanked me. She did share that the salmon was fresh but that would suggest it wasn't wild. So either she's not clear about the freshness or the menu misrepresents the product. The real kicker for me was when I asked someone about bread for the table. I had seen many baskets brought out for other tables. When the server was explaining that bread was only served with spaghetti, a man interrupted her and basically yelled at her to bring us bread if we wanted it. He was incredibly rude to her, especially in front of customers. I shared this with the owner as well. After all my comments she thanked me for my feedback and that was it. No reflection on our bill. I was a little surprised.
1	Last year of being a "Regular" at Venues we were just asked to leave as the bar seats are reserved at 6 PM. Arrived at 4 PM to watch sports, have appetizers and two $36.00 bottles of KJ chard. ($100.00 at this point) when approached by the owner asking us to pay up and leave as these bar seats are now reserved. Okay, just came home and reviewed one of our CC statements and tallied $1859.99 spent in last 120 days at this establishment alone. Never have been treated with such dis-respect at any establishment. Often putting up with bad service and food through their transition periods without saying a word was an obvious mistake on our part, owners befriending you, take your money.... never again, avoid this place at all cost, many great alternatives available.Paul and Elaine Boudreau
4	Stopped into Venues Cafe on a Friday afternoon to a have a cocktail before heading out after a day in the Carefree/Cave Creek area.  This is a very cute place tucked away with a nice wine list and full bar.  The restaurant/bar area is nicely laid out with a great atmosphere and very friendly staff.  The samplings of wine that we were provided with were almost as much as you'd get when you ordered a glass!  We did not have any food so I cannot comment on that but next time we are in the area we will stop in and spend a little bit more time and order some food.
3	Came in for lunch . They sat me down and I just sat there . Not a god way to do business . Nothing to drink just sitting until I hailed a server over . He's very nice and helped me . Hostess must not have told anyone to help me . I'll update review if it gets any better .I'm updating this review , it was written while in the cafe. I spoke to the lady at the front about this problem and she explained what happened to the computer and offered to pay for my lunch. She was very nice about it, I declined her buying because I did order & eat my meal so I didn't feel she needed to pay for it. It was very nice of her to offer though. Things happen beyond someones control sometimes and I do understand.
1	Let me preface by saying this is the first review I've written, but not the first time I've dined out. This dining experience was one of the worst if not the worst in my life. My mother, children and I went in for lunch yesterday after walking the art fair. After looking over the menu we decided to try it. We waited for an outdoor table to clear off for 25 minutes. Finally asking someone who explained she worked in the kitchen, so she didn't do that. I may not work in the restaurant industry, but I do know that businesses should work together as a team, ESPECIALLY in front of customers. We finally were seated and after another 25 mins we got water in a to-go cup. I was curious as to why we didn't get glasses like other patrons, but then I realized our waitress was lazy! She figured if she brought my 2 year old's water in a plastic cup she could be lazy with me. Finally, we get around to ordering. After being very specific about our orders( my mom and I suffer allergies) we received our meal. Rather my 2year old and I received our meal. My moms was missing half of what she ordered. There was no regard to our allergies and our proteins were swimming(appropriate since we ordered fish) in butter and oil. When they brought my 2 year olds, they asked if she needed utensils. I said"no it's ok. She'll eat like a savage" they brought her a plastic fork and I had to ask for a real set up for her. Food was fair. Misleading at best. It took another 20 minutes to get the check and 4 times of asking for a to-go box. Apparently yesterday their internet went down so they couldn't get the orders to the kitchen. I hate to say this because I'm fair young but try old school, you know, write it out. Have a backup an for when this kind of thing happens. Overall...this was a horrific lunch. The staff was rude and inattentive, especially the hostess. Next time I head that way, I'll be sure to find a different restaurant. And I suggest you do too!
1	The service was so slow. The food was cold once served. It had  been sitting so long in the back before being served that the guacamole was  turning brown.  I am pretty sure I will not be returning to this restaurant.
3	Service: Although a bit slow, the staff was very pleasant.Facilities: The restaurant was clean, comfortable, and nicely decorated. The patio seating was a positive experience. (Noticed it was pet friendly).Food: The Bluemoon draft beer, served with an orange wedge, was refreshing. Can't recommend the beet salad. Contained about a tablespoon of beets, and was served with a fried, dry puck of tasteless cheese. The fish and chips were nothing to brag about, but not objectionable either.
5	This place is really good! Yes the service is a touch slow, but once you know that... Grab a drink and enjoy the atmosphere. Every member of the staff was so kind, it was like we were at a friends house for dinner. My hubby can be a touch picky, and they asked a few times exactly how he wanted his food to make sure it was right. He had the chicken Alfredo, which he said was great. I had a lovely glass of wine and the seafood mixture (can't remember the exact name) it was amaze balls!  We will be back... And often. So glad we found this hidden gem.
4	Love this place!  I had the Deconstructed Tacos,  my husband had the Angus Burger and my son had the Hand Breaded Chicken Strips. The fish and steak tacos were really good.  As one other review mentioned they were not as warm as I expected,  but the flavor was terrific. My husband loved his Angus Burger and tried the house special onion rings which were AMAZING!  And last but not least,  The Chicken Strips were devoured... along with the fries which were really good as well.   Definitely a place I would visit again.   P.S. The sangria  was great too! ;-)
3	I went here with a YELP deal a while ago.  It was nice.  The food was good, a bit pricey, but good.  Small portions.  Was there for lunch on a Saturday and it was dead so maybe this is more of a dinner hot spot.  The restaurant is very pretty inside.  I will need to check out for dinner.
1	In the past year we have tried Venues 2 times. First time seated indoors after waiting 10 minutes with no service we left. Thought we would try again but to no avail. Same bad attitude, rude waitstaff no drink order. After 5 minutes and the place empty we left again. There are better choices minutes away. Try them instead.
5	First time here and loved it!  Great service, great food and great atmosphere.  I would highly recommend it!  Looking forward to returning :)
4	Keep coming here and the food is fantastic. Keep up the good work venues. The filet is to drool over.
3	Cute place, friendly staff and food was good. Very expensive. 10.00 for only 2 pieces of French toast and 2.95 for a cup of plain black coffee.
4	Out for a drive out of the Valley and happened to end up in Carefree.  We drove to the Sundial, and around the plaza, and saw Venues.  Very welcoming patio, and interior was very nice.  Loved the art and the rock wall behind the bar.  We had never been here, nor read anything on Yelp prior to our visit.  We had the calamari, which was quite tasty, lightly breaded but not chewy or falling apart.  We shared an order of the Happy Hour beef sliders and the Hummus Trio.  The food was very good, everything was warm and flavorful.  For Happy Hour portions, we both got very sated.  The waitress was personable, and nothing took forever to get to us, as some of the previous reviews stated.  All in all, we plan to go back for dinner some evening.
5	If you are looking for a speedy dining experience, then go elsewhere. We weren't and gleefully drove the 40 miles to get here for dinner.The staff sets the standard for personal, professional service. The dining  environment is warm, inviting, and tastefully decorated with local art.  The food is the star and worth the wait and slowing down to enjoy each and every bite.We have been here for brunch, dinners, and even hosted a dinner party for 50 (in the private dining room upstairs) and never been disappointed.My only hit on the place is that they apparently don't take American Express - plan appropriately to avoid some embarrassment when the check arrives.
2	We came here for lunch and we were disappointed by the food and the service. There were 5 people working there and about 10 in the restaurant and It took them almost 20 minutes to get the TV's on the Rose Bowl (instead of month-old reruns of Auburn Alabama).French onion soup came out and was cold and disgusting. Almost every item we received came missing something or with the wrong side we ordered. The waitress didn't apologize for this but did bring us the items that were supposed to come with the food.My salmon sandwich was ok. The menu said it was wild but it sure didn't look wild given the white-pink color of it. I don't recommend this place
