5	This place rocks!  Talk about taking advantage of Phoenix weather!  The only thing "inside" about this place is where you order your food.  But that is all served "to go" style in a basket as you'll be eating it on one of the many outdoor benches.  Or maybe while sitting around a camp fire.  Their burgers are really quite good - though it could just be the open air that adds to the flavor.  It's awesome to sit up here when the weather is good, buy a package of their marshmallows and do them up over the fire.  And did I mention you can do that with a beer in hand? To me this feels like someone is having an awesome catered party in their backyard.  It's so comfortable and laid back it's always a good time.  It can be interesting to find for sure - but you'll have a great time once you're there.
4	Just went to this place last night and it's definitely a fun spot.  Everything is pretty much outdoors and the burgers are solid.Lots of space, ice cold beers and totally reasonably priced.  Kinda out there, but it's odd that the Four Seasons is right across the street.
5	I absolutely LOVE Greasewood Flat!!! A friend brought me here  while I was visiting for the weekend. It was quite an active weekend, from Phoenix to Sedona to Punto Penasco. The entire weekend was fun but Greasewood Flat definitely left a memorable mark.I took another trip to AZ with another friend months later and of course had to turn her on to it as well. I don't think I'll ever go back to the Phoenix area without paying a visit to The Flat. It's definitely worth going out of your way for. And it really is out of the way!
5	A one-two punch of drinking the day away at a Cubs spring training game, then in the lazy, shaded courtyard of Greasewood Flat pretty much makes Arizona feel like kingdom come, with the proviso that The Maker is heavy into the rustic western ranch theme.  Three of us came here on a Thursday afternoon, and saddled up to a picnic bench built for a thousand.  We ordered two cocktails (ginger ale vs. whiskey) and a Pacifico, which came out to a humble $9.50 a round.  Naturally, this lead to the preservation of our drink order through rounds 2-7.  After about an our of enjoying our space there in the front patio and loading the jukebox up with Bob Marley, Dave Matthews Band, Johnny Cash, Counting Crows, and Tom Petty, the tourists started to roll in, so that by sunset, the place was rife with atmosphere and the seedlings of rowdiness.  The cowboy in the white hat commandeered the small stage and twanged his way through Willie, Buffet, and Janis covers.  Fellow revelers began to mimic our private barrel fire, which my homegirls procured from Greasewood supplied chopped wood and a little East Valley Tribune.  Fire raging, cool booze in hand, and sated by the culinary offering of quarterpound bacon cheeseburgers, we were feeling like settlers of the New Old West, not very far from the New New West of Sprawlsdale, Arizona.
5	I LOVE this place!!!  Its fun to get out of the glim and glam of Scottsdale and put on the jeans, cowboy boots, and casual shirt.  Its great to head there on a night when the air outside is nice but a tad chilly because you can start your own fire right next to your bench at Greasewood Flats.  My friend brought her 7 year old son and he loved roasting marshmallows on the fire (you can buy the marshmallows there).  The laidback atmosphere is great and on weekends they have bands, so you can get your groove on if you'd like or watch others dance.   If you want to relax, eat hamburgers and drink beer...  this is the place to come.  Also, this is a great place to bring out of town guests.  Its light on the wallet and the evening will definitely be memorable.Also, I have gone to this place after hiking Pinnacle Peak.  They open up at 11am everyday... so, it's a great place to grab a yummy burger and beer after a nice hike.
4	This place holds a special place in my heart...It's where I had my first date and first kiss with the BF.  We may go back tonight to celebrate our 2 year anniversary!As Chris and Pamela said, Greasewood Flat is the perfect place to go for a casual but fun night out.  It's excellent for a date or with a group of people.  Kick back and relax with a burger and a beer, or get out there and dance!The marshmallows are the perfect sweet treat and taste amazing - you almost feel like you're on a camping trip far away from Scottsdale...  I haven't been for sunset but I bet it's beautiful; it's right near Pinnacle Peak!If you haven't been, go check out Greasewood Flat - and if you happen to see me making out by the fire, please give me a minute to get my composure.
5	Love this place. The perfect respite from Scottsdale and one of my Sunday faves. The burgers are tasty, the drinks are cheap and the campfire is welcoming. I love sitting outside and enjoying this cowboy bar with friends. This place is totally casual and very rustic, but in a friendly, relaxing kind of way. You can also try your hand at horseshoes, which is way harder than it looks.
5	GOT BIKE?!  This is the perfect place to take the ride!  (motorcyle, in case of any confusion)  For some reason i luv sunday's best - 5pm. (ck out the rows of bikes :-)  Great to hook up, meet, go with, take. someone.  Luv the casual attmosphere - not normal @ scottsdale!  So put on your leathers, your bike gear, or your cowboy boots, hat & belt, and get ready to pull up a picnic table bench seat & meet new friends!
5	Where else can you brush shoulders with red necks, white collared workaholics, cowboys and bikers in Scottsdale?  This is it.  This is the melting pot of Scottsdale.  Where the past meets the present.  I hope it never goes away.  The ambiance it wonderful!  You have fire pits going in the winter.  Music to help keep you on your toes and hot totties to keep your blood flowing.  We miss this place, no that we are in Austin, and have many good memories here.  Go with an open mind and don't get too dressed up, leave your stilettos at home and come in your biker boots!  FOOD:  Burgers are good.  DRINKS:  Can't get a better priced drink in Scottsdale, than here at Greasewood's.
5	Cowboys, bikers, tourists and locals come here for some of the very best burgers in town.  No foo-foo caramelized onion, cibiata bread, foot cheese burgers, but in your face 1/2 lb'ers cooked the way you like 'em, served up with chips and the fixin's in a paper basket.  Cheap beer's after a long ride (horse or cycle) really hit the spot.  This is one of those places that you have to experience.  I always suggest this to out-of-towners, so they get a taste of what Az used to be like.  Outdoor dining at it's best.  Don't dress up, jeans are just fine.  Evening's include cowboy bands and firepits.
4	With the live music and the mix of bikers and yuppies, this is a fun place to hang out.  The 1/2 lb. burgers were great paired with a cold beer on a hot day.  Everyone was friendly and conversed freely both in the ordering area and at the tables.  When the sun is at it's 3:00 mark it's pretty hot with very little shade, but the shade we found was nice and the live music was at the perfect volume for conversation, but still loud enough to hear.  I was informed they used to have a free roaming pig at one time, I was sad to have missed that.  We will definitely be back for the great burgers and the fun atmosphere
4	Cool place. Would've never known it existed in Scottsdale.
5	THE place for a burger, beers, live folk tunes and people watching after a nice long Harley ride in the Sonoran desert.  Sunday afternoon is best.It has changed over the years as it seems to be frequented with more phony provincially ordinary Scottsdale wannabees/yuppies/rubs/hipsters/dipshits that try too hard to impress one another with their ignorance and a splash of attitude.  This joint is no longer pet friendly but still an awesome hangout with your riding partners and a good Cohiba.
3	It was a cool quirky spot... a bit of a dive... The burgers were good and that environment was entertaining/interesting to look at... a bit crazy.
4	Great place to stop and have a cold beer and a burger lunch time or dinner.This place has been standing for a LONG time!It's pick nick tables in an open area with live music at night and fire barrels for heat in the winter nights.One of the featured entertainers there who sings and plays guitar is the fellow who wrote "Margaritaville" that Jimmy Buffet made famous.The special is the Green Chili Cheddar Cheese burger and it is ALWAYS the Green Chili Cheddar Cheese burger!This spot is also a popular among discovery channel bikers, harmless and fun.BTW, you are not allowed to carry in or carry out any container that may contain alcohol (even a pop can or bottle) from or on to the premises and they guard for that, so just be aware.Greasewood flat is located just behind Reata Pass steak house and they have a sign on a dirt road just off Alma School Road on the East side. Look sharp...~Stew
4	I love this place.  It's in the middle of nowhere and beautiful.  Great place to have a beer or burger.  Even better place to go at night with friends, build a fire and listen to some music.Everyone in the valley has to go here at least once.
1	Food - 1 star (Bacon Cheeseburger with Green Chiles & chips) - $8*This burger appeared to be from a frozen patty (Costco?). It was a very, very boring, dry, flavorless burger. One of the worst I've ever reviewed. The chips are from a plastic bag - probably the best part of the meal after I dipped them in the ketchup. That's pretty sad. Food - 1 star (Pulled Pork Sandwich & chips) - $5*This pork slop was not very good. I've eaten the Lloyd's BBQ Pork in the plastic tubs and that's easily twice as appetizing as this mess. Ambiance / Atmosphere - Cowboy/Biker/Middle-aged Couple/Western*It feels like Cave Creek, period. Not bad, but not for everyone. Oh, but there are mules instead of horses. It actually smells like donkey crap outside. This fragrance made the meal even more delightful. Drinks/Non-Alcoholic - Can of Mountain Dew - $1.75Drinks/Non-Alcoholic - Can of Monster Energy Drink - $3.50Drinks/Alcoholic - No tap/draft beer. Bottles range from $4.50 to $6.00. Limited selection and overpriced in my opinion. Bottom Line: I can't recommend this place. I won't go back. It offers bad food, overpriced drinks, it's the middle of nowhere, it smells of mule butt, and their only entertainment is a sub-par one man Western band.
4	Its more the atmosphere that makes this place cool.This is a really cool place. Very fun. They have a huge piece of property in North Scottsdale with outdoor picnic tables and lots of cool old machines and "junk" to look at. They also have pens of peacocks and chickens and a few donkeys. At night they build a  bonfire and usually have live country music. There is often dancing. Not real hyper, just a laid back place to go with friends and have a burger&beer. One cool thing is that the bar you order in is covered in dollar bills which is neat looking. The food is kind of expensive but the burgers are pretty darn good..... again its the awesome atmosphere that makes this place so cool and fun. Great for a laid back date.
4	This is cool...and very different.  It is such a nice change of pace from the bars/restaurants of Scottsdale where they are all beginning to feel the same.  Love the "make your own fire; make your own fun" concept.The bar is nothing special, but I hear the burgers are great!  My date and I went a little bit later in the evening, so it was not very busy (which we liked because we had a fire all to ourselves).  The music was OK.  Again, not the type of music that would make me into a groupie of any sort, but it wasn't too bad.A beer, a campfire, and a date...sounds like Fall in the Midwest!
3	Cool cowboy campfire atmosphere with live music at the right times but I waited 2 hours for a hamburger. It was pretty tasty but stil. 2 HOURS?It was pretty packed. I had fun. The end.
4	It is what it is and there isn't a lot of "it" out there.  Good, old fashioned and uniquely Arizona outside dive bar/historic landmark/good music/greasy food/decent beer selection/edible burgers....and firepits for roasting marshmallows!  What's not to like about this?  Cowboys, bikers, pretty Scottsdale people, tourists, and suburban families alike unwind and kick back under the stars, on the picnic tables, and out on the dance floor.  I actually think it's one of the most romantic spots in Scottsdale too.   It's been around for over 50 years, let's hope it's there for another 50.  All that said.. don't expect any five star food.. it's just not about that.
4	Simplicity. When it comes to food, no word is more complicated. After all, nothing's worst than expecting a little variety, just to be faced with the crushing disappointment of a regimented menu.So when everyone and their mother told me that I couldn't leave Arizona without eating at Greasewood Flat, I was hesitant. This place served burgers and booze, and that was about it. No sides except for chili, no other sandwiches except for a grilled cheese, so I had to be in the burger headspace when I came here (not that it was hard to get there, but still...)But whatever b.s. concerns I had about eating here quickly faded away when I stepped into this insanely fun and kitschy place. It can best be described as an outdoor cowboy burger picnic for adults. There's an indoor bar where dollar bills are stapled to the ceiling and burgers are constantly being served, and there's the huge outdoor area, where a country band plays the classics and a mix of locals and tourists occupy picnic tables and huddle around fire pits.And then there's the food. My 1/2 lb. hamburger was served with American cheese, bacon, and a chili sliced longways and draped over the whole mess. I added onions, pickles and mayo and plopped down at a picnic table to soak it all in. One bite and I was in love; this burger was a juicy, smokey masterpiece. While this environment could have been memorable without the yummy food, that burger was a total 100% classic, and I am sad that it might be years before I try one again.We didn't stay that long so I'm not sure how a prolonged stay might have been, but for a beer and a burger, this joint is a GREAT tourist destination. It's unique, inexpensive, and worth the drive. Plus the people were friendly and the lady at the gift shop was a hoot. I saw some reviews here saying burger wait times were ridiculous, but we did not experience that. I'd easily say Greasewood is a must-see if you're in and around Phoenix.
5	Greasewood Flat is fantastic! Where else can you see Cowboys, Bikers and Tourists sitting outside together sharing huge picnic tables?The food is simple but delicious, the beer is cold, the entertainment is first class and the atmosphere day or night is never boring.I have been here now about four or five times and loved it each time. It was only on my last visit that I finally got to meet the Rooster I have often heard and the Burros. Sunday afternoons is by far the best time to visit ..... a little before the sun goes down for people watching and then stay to watch all the fire pits lit up. If you are up to it there is also a dance floor.CAUTION: Do not wear open toe shoes .... boots are best ..... and it does get about 10 degrees cooler here being slightly elevated so bring a jacket. It is very dusty but that is part of the fun! : )
5	When cowboys ride off into the sunset, they probably stop at Greasewood Flat for a burger and beer. This rustic little bar is located a bit outside the city right near Pinnacle Peak and is definitely worth the drive! You'll know you are in the right spot when you see the antique farm equipment and suddenly feel like you are walking up to an Old West saloon. Say hello to the mule on your way in. Outside they have picnic tables, horseshoes, and fire pits (gets chilly out there in the desert!), and on the weekends they have live music and dancing. Inside, the bar is pretty small, and the place is covered in dollar bills and business cards left by satisfied cowboys and cowgals. For the nights without live music, don't you fret, they have a jukebox with tons of country hits. The night we went it was the bartender's birthday, and the regulars were definitely having a good time.  Both a historic landmark (120+-year old original stagecoach stop) and a dive bar, Greasewood Flat is clearly special to Arizona, and is a definite must see. I'll be going back on a weekend to get the true Greasewood Flat experience and hopefully see a cute cowboy or two..
5	Greasewood Flat is Americana, cowboys, and peacefullness. Greasewood makes you think that this is what Arizona was meant to be... not pavement and Scottsdale. The burgers are juicy, but it's really the band, the firepits and the people that make this a true Arizona icon. I took my parents here while they were in town from Washington and it was BY FAR the highlight of their trip. I am just bummed that I am moving in two months and I just NOW discovered it.
5	Probably the best place I have found so far to take out-of-towners so they can reinforce their notion of what the "West" is like.  I have yet to eat here, but they menu looked very resonable, and the beers were plenty cheap too.Back to the atmosphere.  Greaswood has it all, from a dilapidated rusting manure spreader to what appears to be fighting chickens, seperated from on another with rustic chicken coups.  Donkeys constanly hee-hawing and a workshop/barn that looks like it hasn't been regularly used since 1973.I wish I had discovered this place before my brother visted earlier this year.
5	This is one of those places that truly rises above all others - so much character! Greasewood is an oasis of the old-west in a sea of subdivisions and golf courses. I cannot wait to go back.
5	When planning our trip to Scottsdale, I knew that Greasewood Flat was one of the places we definitely wanted to check out.  But for some reason, we waited until the night before we left to finally check it out.  Now I wish we'd gone when we first arrived on a Sunday night.  The whole atmosphere of the place was perfect.  It's so simple yet it just feels so right from the outdoor picnic tables to the chickens, the cat who sat and watched us eat and then the jackasses we saw running wild as we were driving back out - this place said Southwest like nothing else we saw during our trip.The menu is also simple - burgers and dogs.  And they come with potato chips (or corn chips with the chili dog), no fries, but we didn't miss them.  I had a burger and I think it was the best thing I had while we were there.  It was cooked so perfectly.  Hubby had the chili dog and he really loved it.  I'm sure this is one place we will definitely go back to on future trips to Scottsdale.
3	Eh, I can't figure out the major hype about this place. Sure, it's a neat cowboy bar with horseshoes, animals, outdoor picnic tables, and live music. That's cool. But with all that comes the bad stuff, like animal smells, bugs, craptacular bathroom, etc. And if you go at the wrong time of year, it might be ridiculously hot outside and you might get all sweaty in your leather.Food wise, it is a very small selection of grilled burgers, pulled pork, dogs, and things of that nature. Everything is decent, if a little overpriced. I probably would have gone with 4 stars if the drinks were a little cheaper. If I'm sitting a picnic table covered in bird crap, and I'm occasionally getting a whiff of barnyard animals, I want my drinks to be cheaper than $4.50.It's still a cool place though. I think I'm probably just too much of a city boy to really like it.
4	Finally made it up here on Sunday (with a hangover). We rolled in right when they open at 11am. Got the 1/2lb cheeseburger with hatch chillies - it changed my life. The setting is really interesting too, you eat outside kind of like an old-west cook-out. I've heard this place is a blast at night. They have several beer stations, a dozen grills, 100 picnic tables, a stage, and dance floor surrounded by fire pits.
4	Great place to spend an evening, listening to live country music and drinking some hot apple pies. Yummy :)
5	My favorite place in Arizona . . . by far!
3	If you're visiting Arizona and want a TERRIFIC, FUN evening, catch Greaswood Flats. Eat the best hamburgers/cheeseburgers around these parts for $10, eat 'em outside around the campfire, the beers are ICE cold. A One Man Band will entertain you and your friends. Dance to his music, LAUGH your cares away...this place is low key and draws a nice crowd of cowboys and cowgirls...DON"T MISS IT !!!!
4	This review is extremely delayed!  I went to Greasewood a few months ago with a small group; my friend's Aunt is a long-time bartender here.  This is a great place to take out-of-towners looking for a Old West experience. I noticed "Good for Kids" is marked No, but I saw a lot of families with kids, even though it was a Saturday night. As others have said, the atmosphere here is pretty casual, but fun. Not the place to go for a night of doubachery. The burgers were solid, they're served with chips, not fries.Don't curse out loud while inside at the bar, or you might kicked out (seriously)!
4	I think I would be here every afternoon possible if I lived in the vicinity on a full-time basis (we're just here visiting)....cause I love me some live music and beers in the sunshine! I also love me some feeling like Hoss Cartwright may just come through with guns blazing at any time - it's just so BONANZA! Of course, he wouldn't....he lives at the Ponderosa, which is way up north somewhere! But, this western watering hole is similar to that - good stuff! We didn't have any food, we went to GF right after lunch somewhere else....but, the people around us were biting into some yummy-looking fare. I asked how the burgers & fries were, and got a "thumbs up" from the couple sharing our table.I found it amusing that the bouncers' tasks included having to get photogs down from standing on the picnic benches for their pics! I get the safety thing; it just seemed funny when a big, beautifully burly man in a black shirt walked over and pointed to the ground in the middle of Granny's family shot :()
4	These 4 stars are all based on expectations. What do you expect when you go to Greasewood Flats? What are your expectations when you go to a bar that has mostly outdoor seating; Picnic tables; open fire pits; Horseshoe pitches; Donkeys; Roosters; One man band; limited food menu; serves only beer and sodas;  and is filled with bikers, cowboys and lesser so tourists. This is everything that you expect from Greasewood Flats. The atmosphere is so relaxed that I think you would be hard pressed to find a more caasual environment. Everyone is just having a good time hanging out with friends. The Green chile and bacon cheeseburger is a great idea, but the only way they cook the burgers is to medium. Medium is overcooked in my book and the medium that I got was actually Well done. Again, it's about expectations. I came here to hang out with friends and family and enjoy the day.
4	We had a blast! The music is good - the burgers are great! I  got the green chili, cheese & bacon burger with the works!  What a fun place!
4	This is definitely a hang out place! its kind of an outside bikers place, mixed with a picnic atmosphere with a twist. To order, you stand in line from outside until you make your way inside to the cashier, order and get your ticket number, then you step over and order a drink at the bar, and head outside, pick a picnic table (which there are many) and hang out, and listen to the live music, get a drink at another one of a few outdoor bars, go see some of the livestock they have on the property, play horseshoes in one of a few pits they have, dance on their little dance floor strategically placed in the middle of the table set up, and in front of the live music. The food is great, just what you'd want in a greasy burger and fries done right... and there are so many combinations of things to put on it, to make it customized for you. The prices are great, the wait isn't long, and its a jeans and t-shirt kind of place, just to relax and have fun.
4	This is a short review.  The burgers are some of the best I have ever had. The people watching is entertaining and the outdoor seating is awesome on a beautiful day.  I have been coming here for 20 years and have always had a good time.
3	as touristy as this place is it is a must see, if u can pass on the burgers and just drink you might enjoy the ambiance. that said the burgers, when they are cooked ALL THE WAY THROUGH, are pretty good. but 3/4 of the time they're RARE, tell them to make it well(done). great place to just hang out and dance to a live band outside. rough picnic tables and a "biker bar" with out the biker bar fighting atmosphere. ages 10-70's all just taking it in
5	Thinking about one of these burgers is making me wish I didnt live in Chicago. They are so tasty it should be against the law. The place has such a great feel with the fire pits, animals, and live music. It is one of those places that you can go for the burger and hang out all night just enjoying the atmosphere and roasting marshmallows. It is definitely one of my "must go to" places when I vacation to Arizona. I wonder if my dollar is still hanging from the ceiling?
5	Fun atmosphere. Good music.  Fire pits.  Horse shoes.  Staff always friendly.
4	Pretty cool, rustic place in North Scottsdale.  The burgers were actually quite good and enjoyed best with a beer!
3	I love their Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, but again served with chips not fries :( but the BCS keeps me coming back. The Burgers are ok. Hot Dogs, well how can you go wrong, This place really depends on the weather, outdoor dining only, so if its too hot or too windy I would reconsider, unless you want to sweat and eat the flowers falling from the trees. I cant figure out why you have to order the food seperate from the drinks, and the bar takes only cash, Weird to me and inconvenient as sometimes I bike there and travel with just a card n ID. The ok beers are bottled, at least they have a Fat Tire available, and Corona. Who still drinks coors and bud, c'mon havent we advanced in the beer world ?
5	Took friend for one last ride in the desert and then we popped over here for some classic vittles and suds.We grabbed a few beeers, ordered a few burgers and listened to Skip on guitar.  It was the perfect setting for a Sunday evening and as the sun was setting on the horizon, I was reminded of many good times at this old school hangout.Looking forward to my return visit in the spring.  Next stop, Rocky Point.
4	After a riding lesson in Rio Verde we went in for a burger.  Had a green chili burger and it was excellent!  Looking forward to a return trip with my wife and friends Ashley and Barak!Love the "West" atmosphere, open pit fires, warm greeting!
4	Cheap drinks, great burgers, great guitarist, cool people! If this place wasn't so far away I would be a regular. It really is a cool place to go and chill. Skip really was kick ass on his guitar and the fire pits kept you nice and toasty. I will definitely have to venture back one day soon.
4	Great burgers and chilli. Fun atmosphere! Knocked down a star because they don't have fries?? How can a burger joint not? Anyway, loved the live country band.
2	This is NOT a place for kids.  They will be rude to you even if you just spent $25 in food for them.  Band was terrible.
5	Gonna make it short in sweet.  The burgers here are the best i've ever had!!!!   Whenever friends or family are in town I'm always forced to take them here.   With that in mind I'm here a few times a month!  Never had a bad meal!  Bacon burger is my favorite!  One thing that sucks is they don't have fries only chips but still good with the burger!
5	Short of driving to Punkin Center (Arizona) on a Saturday night and having your ass seriously beaten by real cowboys for doing little more than ordering a beer that wasn't Coors regular...I highly recommend this place.At Greasewood, I can wear all my cowboy gear, don a fake accent like I'm some sort of backwoods bumpkin, and not have to worry about some real cowboy wanting to punch my shit out when I order a Mexican beer. There's are four regulation horseshoe pits out back, individual fireplaces, live music, dancing, and tons of out-of-towners whose women, impressed by what appears to be a real cowboy, will uncomfortably stare at you for the better part of the evening.And here's the best part. I don't even have to worry about getting my butt kicked since most of the guys whose women are ogling my getup are either nerdy or pasty white...signaling they're from Minnesota or someplace like it. The food?Forget about the food. Greasewood is all about the campfire, booze, band, dancing, and being ogled by pasty white chicks from the east coast.It gets better.Their menu only features burgers, dogs, chili, and tamales...the perfect fare to cap off a night of boozing it up. Don't worry about whether its tasty or if your server was rude, you'll pick up your order at a small window.  I'm here to tell you the food is fantastic, especially on the heels of a dozen beers and as many tequila shots.And if that's not enough for you, there's one more added delight.On your way home, you'll get one of the most scenic views of the Valley's lights you'll ever witness. Simply gorgeous!So gorgeous, that while you're fixating on just how mesmerizing they are, it's about this time the narrow and unforgiving roadway will cause you to run your car off the road, where you'll have the pleasure of meeting the open desert and many of its cacti friends. No worries. They're glad to have you, beseeching you with their welcoming gift of a thousand spiny needles as you wander around in the dark.This is when its smart to stay in your car and sleep it off. Greasewood can be a great place for a fun night out with family and friends, or it can be your worst nightmare when the AAA  tow guy informs you he's unable to locate your vehicle, as you helplessly watch from your needle infested hell.
4	Come on now...get your boots on and giddyup!Okay not really, but you could. When we were looking for a unique, yet affordable place that was casual for a group consisting of kids, adults and seniors - we chose Greasewood Flat!The inside dining area of Greasewood Flat was warm and cozy...lit up by fireplaces, heads of dead animals and everything else southwest under the sun. The food was great and afterwards we purchased a bag of marshmallows and goodies to make S'Mores and headed out back to the fire pits.Fun place, definitely will be back! The niece and nephew loved it.
3	An experience, even on a quiet day like the one I visited. Have never seen so many dollar bills staples to the ceiling and walls of an establishment. You order indoors and eat out doors. A few good bottled beers in their repertoire. Looks like a good place to stop for bikers and country fans. Would like to go back and see multiple bands on it's multiple stages. Lots of rusted antiques for decor. Can things rust in the desert?
4	We went to Greasewood Flat after hearing good things about it from a few different people. It was a Friday night and the place was packed! For being (seemingly) in the middle of nowhere, I was surprised how many people were there, young and old. If you're ordering food, you go up to the window to the right of the entrance. We had the bacon green chili burger, pulled pork and the cowboy beans. It was all tasty and fairly priced. They had live music, plenty of alcohol and several fire pits to keep people warm. Unfortunately, I've heard through the grapevine that Greasewood Flat is closing soon :( It's too bad we waited this long to try it, because I'm sure it would be a place we'd visit often.
1	The staff sucks and the food is overrated.  Too bad, because it is a cool place.  Fire everyone and start over.
5	We had a great time here! As far as other reviewers saying it's not good for kids....I'm not sure what they're talking about. It's a fine place for families to get outside and dine and dance! So, rip those little ones away from the Xbox and head out to some good food and good fun!!!
3	A fun place to go for drinks. It's very old-timey and western feeling with fire pits, long picnic tables, and live music. Good for kids and adults alike.
1	I don't get the appeal of this place.  It's dirty, the food is terrible and ordering is a huge hassle.  They only take cash.  I get that it's a rustic, touristy place, but I can't figure out how the health department hasn't shut it down.  I ordered a burger.  After waiting 30 minutes my number was still not called.  I went to the counter to see why it was taking so long and they pretended that they called my number already and my food was sitting there waiting for me.  Since it was ice cold I asked if they could warm it up.  They took it away, disappeared out of site with it, and returned a couple seconds later with a still freezing burger. My assumption is that did something to the burger, but they weren't warming it up...The place is just a dump.  The owners are sitting on millions of dollars in land.  They should consider selling it so that no one else has to get food poisoning from this pit.
4	This is truly a honky tonk of a good time so add it to your list of Western musts in the Valley. Greasewood Flat is nestled in the middle of the North Scottsdale desert and filled with everyone from bikers and cowboys to kids and couples. It's simple here. Order your food (burgers, etc) at a counter, grab a beer or soda to wash it down, sit on one of the many picnic tables outside and listen to the live country music playing on stage. Once you're done eating, make your way to the dance floor to two step the night away or head over to one of the fire pits or horse shoe pits to continue your night.Greasewood Flat is a no frills country stop and cowboy boots are definitely encouraged!
4	great food great environment  One of a kind
1	Maybe this is a bit unfair but we checked the website and called in before driving over here.  Both sources said that the venue was open at the time we were aiming to arrive at.  However, once we arrived the venue was dark and empty.  No signs or warning that they would be closed.Would have appreciated a heads up before making the trip out there.
4	If you can't have a good time here you can't have a good time.
5	I have to say this is our favorite place to eat in Arizona.  The atmosphere is so unique and friendly.  Everybody just seems to really be enjoying themselves.  The burgers are great and taste fantastic in the outdoor air.This place is an Arizona institution.
5	The ultimate Arizona cowboy bar.  This was SO much fun.  Amazing atmosphere, fun live music and dancing, terrific burgers/beer, plus they have a donkey, horseshoes, and dollar bills stapled all over the place.  This is a must-do AZ experience.
5	For all you out-of-towners, winter visitors, or anyone who wants a taste of early cowboy Americana, try this place.It's a western venue and, on weekends a biker hangout. Only if you do come here, try not to smart-off to a cowboy or biker, saying something stupid like...       "Ahem..excuse me, do you know where I can find a server?"That's where I can only pray someone will take you out back 'n beat you like a rented mule, mainly because you've got it coming. There are no servers here. Serve yourself, ya little pussy. (grumble)Here's the rub. You don't bring your fancy uptown shit to a cowboy / biker bar. We'll smell yer fake cowboy / cowgirl act a mile away. And most of us natives can't stand you rich, pretentious wads.  Anyway, I hate snowbirds, but if it's any consolation, I pretty much hate me too, so don't think you're alone on this one. The chile is tasty. The burgers are huge and cheap. Beer is cheap too. I wish I was an NFL star, with a ranch or something, where I could work in the off season. I'd hurt some cattle, bet on it. Oh, and suck it PETA.
5	In the late 80's while in high school I would come here at night and hang out with a lot of 80's hair metal bands. A lot of hell raising went on, and no lawyers or doctors on hogs would venture in. Well the 80's hair metal scene is gone and those doc's and lawyers on hogs have ventured in. It is a tourist spot, biker spot, cowboy spot and everyone gets along. Everyone is welcomed. The green chili bacon cheese burger was probably one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. 3 large crispy perfect strips of bacon sat atop 3 nice size green chili strips and cheddar cheese that was melted to perfection. It was a rather larger hamburger patty that sat underneath. This was cooked to perfection as well. Ruffles chips come with the burgers. Also included in L,T,P&O. They only run between $7-9 bucks and well worth it. Be patient as all food is cooked to order and well worth the wait. Cook/order taker, even warned me. No big deal, grab a cold beer (cash only for that) and stroll around. Large communal tables outside to sit and enjoy your food. This place is just a no frills bar with great food. It is off the beaten path, a little tucked away however well worth the drive from any part of the valley.
3	This is a biker bar in a western setting. I love bikers but when I think cowboy I'm not picturing motorcycles. The general atmosphere spoke fun but I wouldn't go there for "the real old west experience" or the  food, which others reviewers raved about. The green chili cheese burger was okay--the meat was tender but tasted steamed. The bun was bordering on stale and the green chili were flavorless.  That said the drinks were good and  probably why so many died-hards were hanging out drinking on a really cold damp Sunday afternoon. I'll give it another try....maybe see if their chili is any good ?
5	Don't miss this spot when in Phx area.  a 'must for your spring training itinerary
2	I drove up from Tempe. Long drive. Burgers were great but I'm not a fan of the Homeless atmosphere standing around trash can fires with expensive drinks. (Cash Only) Band was decent. Place closes early like 10pm.
5	Just a darn fun place, especially during Bike Week.  Unbelievable people watching!  Fun for out of town friends and a great green chili hamburger.  Prepare for cold nights and clothes that smell of smoke.  Don't put back in closet!  Wash first.  LOL Also a fun place for families.  Before dark children can visit the animals and all the fun gear around the place.  Go now.  Place has been up for sale for some time and it might be gone too soon.  Used to be a stage coach stop.
5	This place is awesome. A eclectic crowd made up of bikers, golfers, tourists and locals. What more could you want as this place has live music, wood fire pits that you make your own, beautiful setting and food. The atmosphere encourages meeting the people next to you so by the end of the night, everyone has new friends.
3	If you don't mind eating outside at a picnic table, smelling like campfire and waiting an eternity for your food then this place is for you!  Definitely a lively atmosphere! It was like a biker/cowboy roadhouse with lots of random rusted antiques, quite eclectic. You wait in line 30 minutes to order your food and it's another 30 minutes before it's ready! So don't go starving! The burgers were huge and really good and they had a nice selection of drinks. Not sure if I'd go again, kind of a "been there done that" sort of place, but I would recommend going for a good time. Fun for the kids!  (3 1/2 stars)
5	Great place and Hoyt is a great host
5	The burgers are AMAZING.I'd go everyday for the atmosphere alone. Outdoor eating, drinking + lounging doesn't get much better than this. Don't forget cash for the bar!
4	Great way to finish our Spring Break. Greasewood Flat is always a must stop for our family during visits to Scottsdale. Can't beat the green chili cheeseburger and cold beer!
4	We stopped in for dinner with extended family.  This place is a real gem.  It's a biker-bar in an outdoor setting.  The thing is, it's also in the middle of some of the nicest hotel resorts and high-end golf clubs in the state.Because of that, there's a huge mix of people, from biker jackets to Cole Haans.  They serve pretty good burgers, dogs, and similar fare.  The beer selection was good (all local), and they provide an outdoor band.We had a group spanning age 5 to O.A.P, and everyone had a blast.  Well worth the visit!
3	Wear your cowboy boots!
4	What a nice little gem in the desert. Great burgers. Plan to eat outside and wait a while for your food. Bar is cash only, but main meal can be purchased with credit/debit. The staff is nice and have some great stories to tell. And don't forget to ask the story behind the dollar bills...
4	This place never disappoints, a true Arizona experience.
2	Went there for lunch, the prices are great and they have a large variety of burgers, hot dogs and sandwiches, but the place is just....I don't even know how to describe it. You order in this little shack, they accept card, but only for the food, if you order a drink, then it's cash only (this includes the canned sodas). So we walked around the premises while our food was cooked. The animals they have there (some donkeys, chickens and 2 roosters) were all sickly looking. The donkeys had wounds, as did the chickens/roosters, but the chickens were pulling their feathers off. Sad. We got our food, a pulled pork sandwich, a bacon, chilli, cheese burger and a side of beans. The pulled pork and side of beans were great, however the burger was so dry. I couldn't even finish it, I even added condiments on it, but still... the green hatch chilli's tasted like pickles, so that turned me off even more. We drank water, because we don't carry cash and they don't have a kids menu.
5	Amazing Space. Great cocktails. The beer shack outside is a stellar idea for folks passing through; all local brews. Take a walk around the property and you too will be in awe of the treasures sitting around. Build your own camp fires. Live music. A dance floor. Highly recommend a stop at Greasewood Flat.
5	If you're looking for a true western experience it really doesn't get better than this! Especially when a lot of people are dancing. The burgers are out of this world! The best time to experience this is on a chilly winter night when the fire pits are going! Great experience for the kids and great music to just hang out all night and enjoy! One of our favorite places to take out of town visitors.
1	Cook is stuffing shit in his mouth while making my food! Patrons and band are great, I'll never order food here again! The so called security guards are complete tools! I sure miss the good ol days when this was a great place to hang out and listen to live music!
5	Wayne, oh, Wayne--you and your staff could not have been more amazing for our bar mitzvah Shabbat dinner at Greasewood!!!  Not only was the food really tasty and the atmosphere super fun, but you also handled our very serious food allergies with such patience and detail. From showing us labels to bringing in special buns, you really went above and beyond.  The night could not have been more perfect. How can we thank you enough?  All I can say is I so hope that this gem of a place is saved - what a loss it would be to Scottsdale if this place closes. Save Greasewood!!!!!
3	Great ambianceI had the pulled pork and it was awefulThe burgers were goodOverpriced for what it is
4	Great local place. Food was good. The drinks were also good. Really liked the live music.
4	Party in the woods. This place is quite far up in North Scottsdale or Pinnacle Peak area, but it is a placed that is housed in an 130 year old bunkhouse and there are mostly good qualities about the legendary establishment. We went on a Friday night, but the bouncer said it was unusually slow for this night. 1. Rolling Rocks are only $2 inside (credit Ok)2. Other Draft beers outside are $5 (cash only)3. Two burgers took 25 minutes to come out of small kitchen. They were good ($8.50) and cooked to order, but nothing makes them famous nor would I place it in my top 10 list. Plus, get a fryer installed, chips are pretty boring.4. The money hanging all over the walls and ceilings are great and memorable.5. Lots of areas to sit and hang out and no cover.6. Not a bar/pickup place, mostly groups and tourist families on this nightPretty much everybody needs to have a beer here once or twice. Worth the drive.
3	This is like a little mini western town so it was really cool in that aspect. I did enjoy that part of it, however each saloon has different drink prices which is odd since it's the smallest little western town I've ever seen.  The one to the right is cheapest per my friends. They had some great live music playing in the center stage. Supposedly they have the best burgers so I had to try one. It was pretty decent it was not bad, it was nothing special either. I got the bacon green chili burger.  My friend also ordered a cup of their chili with cheese on top and that wasn't bad either it was also mediocre. Overall I enjoyed the nice little pit stop in this quaint little western town and having a drink with some great tunes and friends was fun.
5	Delicious burgers, GREAT atmosphere, and the cutest dang hidden jewel in all the land!!!!
4	While in AZ to catch a couple of spring training games, we stopped here for lunch at the recommendation of some friends who live nearby.  I had never had a green chile cheeseburger, so that's what I ordered - and I was not disappointed.  The burger was quite tasty and the toppings were fresh.  My only gripe is that the non-PBR beers were pricey.  My wife said this had to be the dive-iest place we'd ever patronized.  After giving it some thought, I must agree.
5	Sign the #Petition!!! Save Greasewood Flats! #Sign the petition to keep a bar that has been around since the 1930's alive. A traditional #cowboy watering hole that brings tourists, bikers, and locals together for live #country #western #music all in one.  #Scottsdale is either moving them or closing them down. http://www.change.org/petitions/city-of-scottsdale-az-relocate-and-continue-greasewood-flat
5	Greasewood Flats is an iconic Scottsdale institution. Visualize a full-on, open air cowboy bar surrounded by desert vistas, donkeys and dilapidated picnic tables and cars. The bar offer both kinds of live music - country and western. The horseshoe pit humbles the proud. It is definitely worth the wait and try your luck.  Beverage wise, Greasewood delivers with Cheap Rolling Rock in a can and a myriad of traditional to micro-label brews. The food is exactly what you expect- simple, straightforward grub. Who goes to Greasewood? Well, it is like a sociological experiment- retirees, bikers, families, tourists, hipsters, and working stiffs all hanging out together. This is an outstanding spot to soak in the desert, a few beers and listen to live music in the Scottsdale of yesteryear. Hope you love it as much as I do.
5	Such a great place to bring out of towners on a beautiful AZ breezy day. Great green chili cheeseburgers!!! They have animals....donkeys, roosters & baby rattlers. Live music on the weekends. Big biker bar. Lots of seating & parking. I wouldn't recommend driving home, having had to many adult beverages bc police patrol the area a lot. Yeeee Hawwww!
1	This place is a real $hit hole. A $10 burger that you would send back at a $5 hamburger joint. Overpriced beverages. Dirty picnic tables. Not sure why anyone would want to come here.
5	Love this place so much! It's such a fun country-style outdoor (and indoor) bar/hangout/food spot. I always get the chili, coleslaw, or beans-which is dirt cheap and still delicious! They always have a guy playing guitar and singing original twangy tunes. They have horseshoes and lots of seating-I've never been here at night but I'm sure it's a good time. Our bartender Mary was a sweetheart and treated us to a sample of some rum chata + fireball which tasted like a shot of cinnamon toast crunch . There are some adorable donkeys and horses on the way in, so drive slowly!
5	This place is the best... bring your motorcycle, car or horse.  Long lines for food on Sundays but that's part of the fun.
4	In town from Indianapolis and went there for 1.5 hours late afternoon (4p).  Great attraction.  Sad to hear this Scottsdale landmark is closing it's doors late March '15.  My wife and I took our 17 month old there with us yesterday to experience the music and scenery.  We have been going there for years.  the food is good and the beer choices are extensive.  Friendly staff and a crowd full of people who are out to have a good time.  I highly recommend you giving it a shot if you're in the area.
3	Great experience atmosphere  , their house special burger was good , messy but good.  Your wife has to like and be able to eat at "dives" in order to take her to enjoy it with you, but if she is good with them then go & you will have a great time .
