3	Stopped here a couple of times on the way home from work to carry out for the family.  The menu is a nice variety of Greek and Chicago fast food such as Gyros, Falafel, Vienna dogs, Beefs, and other goodies.  All is prepared at the time you order so it is fresh.The falafel is great.  It was nice and crispy on the outside and tender inside with perfect spice.  Coupled with home made hummus, fresh salad veggies, and a warm pita this was fantastic.  Unfortunately that was the highlight as the gyro was very disappointing.  Even though it was only 6 pm the burners that surround the Gyro meat had been turned off.  Good gyro meat has a little browning on the outside and is very juicy underneath.  Because the burners weren't on the meat had no browning and instead of being juicy there was the mouth feel of fat as it is beginning to turn solid.  This could have been resolved, to some extent, by warming the meat on the griddle, but they didn't do that.  They DID warm the pitas up...but not the meat.  Kind of strange.All in all there is good potential here with the variety on the menu and well seasoned dishes.  However, they need to be prepared to serve customers...especially during dinner hours...without looking like they are closing down for the evening.  If you have Gyros in your name you should probably make sure that dish is always top notch.  Here it is not.
3	Not great, Not bad... Gyro meat was pretty good, portions were large and I liked the Tazaki sauce. That's about it. I'm not to familiar with "Traditional" Greek food but most of the Gyros I've had have the Romaine lettuce on them and this one didn't. I have also been to some places that season the frys with lemon juice and Tazaki sauce which I really like. If you want a quick Gyro this is your place but don't expect much more... The atmosphere is ok. You wait in like to place your order and I could see where it might be difficult to find a seat during the lunch rush. Overall I rated it 3 because everything is very basic which is good, but not great and could do a little more to be creative.
3	I am so glad I found this place close to work. When you are sick of everything and can't figure out what you want, Greek Gyros is there to solve all your problems (okay, maybe just those of the hunger kind). The gyros are great and PACKED with meat for a reasonable price. I can't get enough of the tzaziki. Co-workers have really enjoyed their salads as well (the "pick-a-meat" with grilled chicken). I must include a dehydration alert, though. Every time we get gyros in the office we all find that we're guzzling water for the rest of the day... that darned meat must be solid sodium!
2	Only had to work a half day one day last week so thought I would try lunch here and see if the experience was better than dinner time was.  Unfortunately, it was even worse.  The place was pretty busy so I figured maybe I had misjudged the first time.  I ordered a gyro sandwich, falafel, and a greek salad.  Right after I ordered they loaded a new block of gyros meat onto the skewer to cook.  Unfortunately, they cut my meat off just moments after they started it so the meat was cool and had a congealed fat mouth feel.  I couldn't take more than a couple of bites.  The falafel that had been so good last time tasted like a salt lick!  Whoa boys...back off the salt shaker a bit there!  The greek salad was nothing special at all.Finally, the ladies preparing the food look like they are simply miserable back there.  Sometimes they would call out an order when they finished it...other times the hot part of the order would sit for 10 minutes (not under any heat source) until the guy taking orders at the counter noticed it was there and called the number. I probably won't be back as I had nausea the rest of the day (probably from the barely warm gyro meat).  There are a lot of gyro places in the valley.  It would probably be best to go to one that shows greater care in their food prep.
3	not bad, but not good enough to make me want to go again. The biggest 'oh no' for me was that their gyros have beef & lamb mixed. This put me off. Not a big fan of mixing meats. Also does not give you the option of picking one meat or the other. If you really want greek food & this is the only place close enough, it's fine.
5	i used to frequent the salad bar that used to be in this spot before they closed so i had a chip on my shoulder the first time i walked in. lucky for them i absolutely love greek food. and now lucky for me that this place exists. the food is amazing! i absolutely love the gyros, great salads and very good dolmades. if mediterranean food is what does it for you, give this place a try.
4	The BEST gyro in scottsdale, the people are very friendly and 90% of the time they do a great job. Once in a while during the lunch rush, the food takes too long, but its only happened to me twice. I still love to eat here.
4	Found this place after taking a wrong turn.  Ate in and had the gyro plate and small drink for $10.
4	Solid.  Tons of flavorful meat and very good tatziki sauce adorn a nice fresh, warm pita.  A gyro with fries and fountain drink runs $7.25 and it's worth every penny.
5	Love this place. After visiting Greece and searching for something to replicate how the Greek make gyros... I must say, this place does a great job. The staff is very friendly...I'm going to guess and say family owned. Plenty of Franks Red hot to go around, never knew how good a gyro was until I sprinkled some Franks on it. At first, I thought the price was a little high, but then, after I had finished my meal, I couldn't have been happier. Well worth the $7.00. The best part of the meal was the amount of taziki sauce was just perfect! This restaurant has become a staple in my local lunch spots, especially when I want to sit outside and enjoy a peaceful lunch on a busy day.A must try if you love gyros.
5	Quality gyros for quality prices.I am a huge lover of Greek food, especially gyros. I've been to almost all Greek locations in Scottsdale to satisfy that craving. I've got to say, this is in my top two choices.Ordering a classic gyro will give you plenty of succulent meat. The salads will have just the right amount of dressing, a problem I've seen at plenty of other Greek restaurants. You can't go wrong with the value meal, with the gyros sandwich, fries, and a drink. The dinner platter is equally worth it, coming with an excellent rice pilaf and a mini salad.Thankfully this location is near my house, so I try to frequent it at least once a week after work. I've taken friends and family, and they all love it! If you're in the mood for a low key bite of Greek flavor in Scottsdale, I'd put my vote here.
5	Best gyros in town!  Staff is really friendly and I've never had a bad experience.
3	Stopped in this place for a quick bite with a networking associate. The food was very good but the service was not. This is not a friendly atmosphere. The coke dispenser was not working, and they knew about it but there was no way to know until you started to pour... then getting a new cup was another 5 minute wait in line. Once we got our meal, we asked for some additional dressing. We were advised it would be another .38 cents for about two teaspoons of the gyro dressing. That meant another trip to the register, so we took a pass. The food was good, but if they had better customer service I would drive out of my way to get there.
3	I really want to give this place 2 1/2 stars but will round up to 3 stars. I had the Gyro for a take out and it was good. Another occasion I had the Polish Sausage that came with an old bun ready to expire. So my experience has been mixed. I just wish this place was open a little later in the evening instead of closing at 7pm.
5	Love this place. It's close to work, so i hit it fairly regularly. When i come here it's because I'm in the mood for Greek food, so i can't speak to their "Chicago menu," but the gyros, gyro plates, and salads are all awesome. (I love their house dressing on the Greek salad. Dee-lish.) Have also tried the appetizer sampler and enjoyed most everything it came with - even the dolmas, which aren't typically my favorite. (they seemed a bit less sour the others I've had, such as Pita Jungle's, which i liked)My usual is the chicken gyro plate, which comes with a salad, a pita (cut into 4), tzatziki sauce, and generous portions of both gyro-style chicken and rice, for (i believe) $8.95. I'm usually not a fan of gyro-style chicken, but it's always been melt-in-your-mouth tender whenever I've ordered it here. (and i can mentally trick myself into thinking i just had a "healthy" lunch.)Don't know about the weekends, but weekday lunch rush will be busy. I suggest getting here before noon or just waiting until 1, if that's your plan.
5	Favorite place to get a Gyro. Also they have amazing french fries! Don't know about the rest of the Menu because I would never be willing to go there and skip a Gyro. Yumm!
4	I've had nothing but good experiences here. This is one of the closest things to a Chicago-style gyro shop that I've been to in the valley, and their food is great! Recently I decided to make it my mission to find the best gyro in the valley, and I'm slowly making my way through all of the spots. With that said, I'll post a special "Gyro Review" in each review.***********************************************Gyro Review:Fantastic! One of the best in the valley! I'm not even kidding... They do things the "right" way at Greek Gyros. Their gyros are classic: meat, tomato, onion and tzatziki. After they shave the meat, the rest it on the grill for a little bit to brown it up some, and this makes a HUGE difference. This is the way I grew up eating gyros back in Chicago, and it's still the way I like it now. Biased? Yes. Flavorful? You best your taste buds! Their tzatziki is also really good, though probably not the best in the valley. I think it need just a tad bit less thyme or more yogurt...not sure. On the whole though, a superb gyro. Two thumbs up! ***********************************************Greek Gyros also has a great souvlaki. It's tangy and lemony and all around delicious. If you're not feeling like a gyro or haven't had souvlaki, try that. I've yet to try too much from there, but in time I will. I'm always tempted to go straight for those two sammiches though. One last thing I'll mention is their side salad. It's a great size and their dressing is perfectly Greek!Go enjoy a great gyro already!
5	Excellent, excellent Slouvaki!  Meat was plentiful, tender and juicy.  Onions were not too sharp which is nice.  Pita was firm but soft.I will go back again!
5	Love this place! Fresh food, friendly service, I love the gyros but especially like the cheesesteak on a pita, it's great. This place has been around for a while now and Napoleon puts his all into making fantastic food!
4	Greek Gyros is my go-to spot when I want a healthy(ish) lunch near my office.Their gyros are good but unremarkable. I don't mean that in a bad way, I just mean they don't stand out compared to other places in town. Their Dolmas are good, but I wasn't overly impressed with their hummus.What I find myself ordering most often is their grilled chicken, either on a pita, salad or the plate (with rice and salad). The seasoning is so flavorful and they grill it up to a juicy perfection. If you do order chicken though, be prepared to wait up to 10 minutes for it, as they are grilling it to order and it takes much longer for them to prepare than the gyros they churn out quickly.
3	Great parking. Its a little hidden off the main shopping area but in the center of the megastores. Food was good and Gyro seems the the specialty but a mix of food types. Prices good and I'll do it again.
5	I love this place. The man at the register (I'm assuming the owner?) is always friendly, and the food is fantastic. I've had the gyros/salad, hummus, dolmas, and falafel, and they are all great. Oh--and I recently just tried the Baba Ghanouj and discovered that, although I am not a huge fan of eggplant, it is good. Although, it may be because they make it well...I might not be able to eat it at just any place.Oh yeah, and they don't carry marinara or ranch (for my mozz sticks) or sourkraut (for my friend's Chicago dog), and, normally, I would be pretty bummed about that, but the rest of the food makes up for it; it will not deter me from ordering again. And, I discovered that mozzarella sticks dipped in tzatziki sauce are not bad![I am not a connoisseur of Chigaco dogs, or any other "Chicago-style" food, but my friend said his was very good, and that is a big deal coming from him--especially when missing the kraut.]
3	Greek Gyros is a nice little dive... that is easy to overlook when driving by. I enjoy the gyros they make. I have not really tried anything else but the gyros. My only critique is that nothing here is "homemade".... everything appears to be "prepared" in a factory somewhere else. Not that is a "bad" thing... but this place is not entirely cheap for what you get. All that aside... the gyros I have had only several occasions are delicious. The fries are good. I like it... and I will be back for more.
5	Best Gyro in the entire valley by far--trust me.  I grew up in Chicago, lived in AZ for 15 years searching for a "real" gyro and finally found it!!  The owner is from Chicago and he knows what he's doing.  Scot O.
4	Great little gyros joint run by what appears to be a real Greek family. The $9'ish gyros plate comes with plenty of food. The rice and salad were the highlight of my meal. There was a little grissle in my meat slices, but maybe that means it's authentic... I wouldn't know as I have never been to greece. It still tasted damn good. Fair warning, the last time I went there for lunch it was very busy and all the tables were full. Several customers ended up eating while sitting on the sidewalk. Maybe it will slow down when all the snowbirds head home.
4	Apparent owner is always at register and is aware of everything in his kitchen, which is great!  Awesome gyros and the greek salad is handmade, meaning it's not pre-packaged which is my biggest gripe with some places. The can actually put extra onions and hold the tomatoes!!! Wow, what a concept. A little pricey for lunch, but then again it's NScottsdale...pita bread is soft and fresh.
1	When you ask for NO SAUCE and to put it on the side that means no sauce and on the side. Its really annoying and ruins your evening when you have to ring out your gyro before you eat it. Not to mention it was closing as I got my order
4	Came here for lunch and it was great! My suggestion: if you want a good, filling lunch (without feeling like a stuffed pig) go with a friend and order the Greek salad with gyro meat on top. It comes with pita and it's so much food it can easily be split :)Little small inside but yummy food :)
5	I eat lunch here 3 times a week. The food is fantastic and the prices are low. The service is good and everyone is very friendly. You get alot of meat on the gyro. Highly recommend this place.
2	Hello my fellow Arizonians......I'm back for another review....]I will start as always by reminding you I am the PICKIEST person I know!And as we well know, food is a matter of preference and I know what I like and I am a TRUE foodie...I like good food and I despise spending good money on bad food(or bad anything for that matter)I saw this place by accident and went home and read reviews.Although most of the reviews are positive, I was concerned to see people compared it to places with names like Gyros Express(if that is a real place).  It tells me I probably wont like it and sure enough.......The employees were friendly and service prompt (of course we were the only ones there).The restaurant felt like a sauna, not sure if the A/C was on the fritz or if the employees enjoy sweating.I got the Gyros sandwich with fries and a drink for $5.75.  The price was fair but the food?The meat was tender but to me the seasoning was too salty which took away from the flavor of the meat.  The fries were your everyday, basic, boring kind...no real taste to them.I enjoy a chunkier  tzatziki that has that flavorful cumcumber taste which this is NOT!(just a matter of preference).Not much more to say, nothing looked appetizing enough to make me want to return.If you enjoy a GREAT Gyros you must try "GEORGES GYROS" on McKellip/Miller...I will do a review on them next so check it out!   and until you do......Bon Appetite'
4	Wonderful gyro! This is the first one i've had outside of Chicago and I absolutely adored it. The sauce is fabulous and I could actually taste the dill. It was just enough and I wasn't stuffed. I will be a repeat customer.
5	This place is as good as it gets!!! The food is AMAZING.  It's cooked to order, fresh and quality product.  I have eaten at a thousand different greek places and this one just hits the mark every time.  The prices are reasonable, the portion sizes are huge and the place is clean and friendly.  The location itself if small and at lunch time this place is packed so seating is a bit hard to find and it is easy to drive right by as it is in a strip mall surrounded by nothing that is in business any longer.  All of that aside, it's worth it.  I get either the Gyro special or a chicken salad, the chicken is really great. The bf always gets the chicken plate and it comes with so much food, and a salad and a side of pita and rice for like $9.Do it, it's worth it.
5	Best gyros ever!!!
4	Skip everything else on the menu and head straight to the Gyros. I love the Gyros here. They give you a bunch of meat with the right amount of tomatoes, onions and tzatziki sauce. So far, these are the best Gyros I have had in North Scottsdale to date. Although they are mainly a lunch place and close early in the evening.
2	Called in an order for lunch. The gal on the phone wasn't very friendly but understood my order just fine :)Ordered the fried mushrooms and a falafal pita. Went to pick up the order, two gals were in the cook area. Again, no one oozed a whole lotta friendliness or customer service abilities. Was almost $11 for the two items. The pita was ho-hum. Maybe I'm just spoiled but the pita tasted store bought and not very soft or fluffy. The falafal was was a bit on the dry side and too salty. The fried mushrooms were kinda icky :(. Tasted like a frozen item that was fried thick until the outside is HARD and can make knocking sounds. Their cucumber sauce was not too bad but REALLY thick but had a nice cucumber flavor and the ONLY thing I got that in any way resembled homemade. For my lunch, I think I will stick with the $7 lunch specials from Eden's Grill, ty very much. :/Now if I could just get over the fried food coma  O.o
5	I had the lamb and beef shawarma plate with a side of hummus. The meat was so tender and flavorful.  I honestly thought about this meal for days after. Unable to make another trip there due to where I was working.  If you get a chance, go there! If I work in this area again I will definitely be making a return trip!
3	Good place to go and eat gyros if your up in North Scottsdale. The staff is friendly and the food gets to you real fast. The price is somewhere between 7-10 per meal but that's usual for N. Scottsdale.
4	i originally went here bc i was in the mood for kabobs.but the gentleman working seemed to have no clue what i was talking about. i always thought greek places served awesome kabobs! WHAATTanyway, i decided to go for the greek salad instead and oh my golly.....so dang good.they really load you up with all the wonderful ingredients that make a greek salad amazing. the chicken was quite tasty as well! another great lunch spot near work.
4	I have been to Gyros about 5 times now for lunch and I really like this place. I typically get the chicken plate and it is always very good. The chicken is always fresh and juicy and for the $9 price you get plenty of food. It comes with a Greek salad that is very good and their yellow rice is amazing. I have also had the hummus plate which is above average and their pita sandwiches are also pretty good. The only negative would be the wait time for the food, but since they make it when you order it, that is expected. Oh and I LOVE their tzatziki sauce. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
4	I'm a big fan of gyros, and happened by this place while driving around at lunchtime.I've been twice, and gotten the same thing. The gyro combo (a beef/lamb meat gyro with fries and a drink). Comes to about 8 bucks, and it the perfect sized lunch.The gyro is good, enough meat and tzatziki along with a soft, yet crispy-warm pita. The fries are fabulous. Fresh, hot and perfectly cooked. I'd totally recommend it.
5	In the Scottsdale Airpark is a little gyros place. It's probably the best place up there for just standard gyros and a good way to get a little change from the regular old traditional restaurants. So that's why today I decided to hit Greek Gyros up.  I ordered the Gyro Value Meal. It comes with a gyro sandwich, french fries, and a fountain soda. The gyro is quite tasty. It's freshly cut off of one of those rotating gyro meat cookers, which is key for gyro sandwiches. The tzatziki sauce has little bits of cucumber in it which makes it really good. I like to order an extra side of sauce for mine.  Their french fries are pretty good. They are much like french fries you find in a lot of these gyro places, kind of like smaller steak fries. All in all, Greek Gyros is a yummy place and a great value.
5	My work isn't very far from here, so we order here a couple times a week. Great food, great price. Can't go wrong with the classic, gyro, fries and soda for their lunch plate. The place is always busy and there's a reason for it!
3	Food was tasty but average.  Fallaful could have used a little more seasoning.  Lamb was tasty.  Service was very attentive though.  Will probably come back.  Didn't really have an issue with the place, just didn't stand out.  Prices are reasonably though.  You can get a sandwhich, fries, and a drink for $8.
4	I've been meaning to check this place out for sometime and I finally did. The size of gyro was smaller than I expected (compare to pita jungle) but also cheaper than pita jungle. I couldn't finish gyro from pita jungle, so this was good size and price. Gyro was very tasty and fries were also yummy. Staff was friendly too. I will definitely return.
3	This place has a great location, super close to lots of large companies around the area and the only Greek place. Honestly though the food is average. Yeah I go here all the time, probably once a week, but everything seems super oily.... More than usual.Anyway if I were to recommend something get the grilled chicken platter, definitely worth your money with all the food it comes with..If your feeling wild, get the fries they are awesome!
5	This place has the best pick a meat salad EVER!!! I personally pick the chicken, and the dressing is perfect! This is truly a hidden treasure. I had no idea it existed and now, I can't stop!
5	We have a lunch spot to add to our rotation!  This place has won several awards for their gyros, and it's no wonder why that's the case!  It's a smaller eatery and there are a limited number of table, but we arrived a bit before the regular lunch crowd and found a seat with no problem on the inside.  We both ordered the gyro special which came with fries and a drink for $7.75 (pics available).  The gyro was packed full, and not just with toppings and sauce, but there was a ton of lamb meat on it as well, which was very filling.  The fries were cooked perfectly and tasted great with a touch of ketchup - my favorite fry topper.  The staff was friendly and greeted all of the customers that came in warmly and moved the line quickly so if someone was in a hurry to get back to work, it didn't take them long to order and get back to the office.We are thrilled that we can add a new place to our rotation throughout the month for lunch time eats!Overall: A+Friendly staff with a sense of lunchtime urgency to really take care of the customer.  Great food that is filling and a deal for the price point.  Try to snag one of the few seats outside and enjoy a lunch break outdoors!
5	This place is amazing it always hits the spot after you eat there.. The chicken is amazing the gyros is amazingly cut into thin juicy pieces.. This place is an automatic 5-Star joint.. One more thing the people are amazingly friendly and have a great sense of humor.. If you haven't tried it you're missing out!
4	Bring on the MEAT! The gyro here is jam packed with tender and succulent, seared bites of beef and lamb seasoned with zesty spices. You can see it being broiled from the counter. The pita bread is barely big enough to hold it all in with the onions, tomatoes and tzatziki sauce. The "steak gyro special" came with piping hot fries and a drink for about 8 bucks. It's the same as the regular gyro on the menu, so I was told. I was craving something on the healthier side, *not* a chain or sit-down restaurant. Luckily I spotted them from Northsight, right next to the Title Boxing Club. Do yourself a favor and check them out when you're in the area.
5	Place is great with a little Chicago transplant twist.  My husband is from Chicago and we decided to try this place while in AZ.  Apparently pizza puffs are all the rage in the chi (the ones here apparently met the expectation according to my husband), their Chicago dog is super tasty and the gyros are delicioso!! The place isn't awfully big but their gyros and tzatziki are the ISH!!  There are plenty of options on the menu and we certainly wish they had a place like this in the baY!!  I love some tasty Greek food and Chicago food!!  I would recommend any Chicagoan to stop in and give it a whirl!!
5	A great little place.  I always get the Gyros value meal and have them add feta cheese to the gyro ($1 extra).The meal comes with great fries and an overloaded pita with Kronos branded meet off of their vertical broiler.  I'm pretty sure it's the lamb/beef original recipe.  Kronos is something I've looked for after moving to the Scottsdale area and this was the first place I found it.The owner is extremely friendly and willing to strike up a conversation.  I've had nothing but pleasant interactions and experiences at this restaurant.
4	If you love gyros, you will love this place! This is a regular lunch stop for my wife and I. I always get the gyro combo for $8.50 which comes with fries and a drink and my wife likes the gyro platter. The platter is definitely big enough to share. They also have a great fish & chips combo that I keep going back for. This is a small place and gets a big lunch crowd but definitely worth standing in line for!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place I have no complaints-Food is Awesome People are Awesome. I always order the Greek Salad and it is great Honestly I find it hard ordering Greek Salads from other locations because I am truly spoiled and this place
4	Pretty darn good Gyros!!  make sure you ask for extra Tzatziki Sauce.  Can't wait to go back and try their shrimp.  Tough location, but it's worth finding.  Not far from Costco, Wal-Mart and Home Depot.  I'll be back!!
5	I was so full and satisfied after I ate a gyro, some fries, and some pita and hummus. Great meal for only around ten bucks. The gyro is so loaded with meat it's awesome, these things are huge! You can't even fold the pita closed like you can from some gyro places! (which is going to be my new basis of judging gyros henceforth) There's too much meat it won't fold over! As I was eating it, I was thinking, "This is the best flippin gyro I've ever flippin had!" and I've eaten at that gyro place by the Comedy Cellar in NYC. (apparently that place was supposed to have the best gyros ever. But. Meh.) these gyros were a little greasy but I didn't mind at all the pita bread was warm and fluffy and soft, the meat was succulent and juicy and tender, and I really liked the fries. It was one of my favorite meals recently. I will be eating here again, that's a definite.
4	Love this place for lunch! Can't go wrong with a gyro!
4	Happened to be in North Scottsdale a few week so ago and stopped in with my mom and sister. It was delicious. Had a chicken gyro with fries, taziki sauce was so good I bought extra to dip the fries in. The fries were surprisingly good, extra crispy like they were double fried or something. The chicken gyro was just the right size and meat was tender and delish. Unfortunately I don't go in the area much, but if I do I'll be stopping in for lunch for sure.
4	What a great spot for a quick, filling and inexpensive lunch! Been here several times for lunch breaks with the Mrs. and we've always been able to get in and out of here in a timely manner and happily full.  They have a variety of options including salads, gyro platters, or a simple gyro with fries. The food is made fresh to order and you can even sit and watch it being made through a glass divider. I like being able to see exactly how my food is handled and they whip through orders with a sense of urgency and understanding that people may want to get back to work.  There are usually a fair number of people grabbing to-go, so this seems like a good option for those who don't have time to sit and eat, but want a good hot, meal at their desk instead of the standard bagged sandwich. I've no doubt we'll be back.
4	Came on a Friday at the peak of the lunch rush. The place was certainly busy with folks dining in and getting take out, though my order was taken quickly by a very warm and friendly person and I was able to grab a table.I ordered the chicken plate (see picture). The rice was fluffy, the chicken was well marinated and tender and the salad was fresh and big. The pita bread was the only big miss since it wasn't as fresh as I'd like.
5	Really good.  Our office gets lunch there every week.  It's delish.
5	This place is the real deal.  Having tried Z's greek and having the worst gyro of my life, this place reaffirmed my notion that there are good greek joints in Az.  This is my go to place when in north scottsdale and gyros express is my go to place when in the shea/ scottsdale area.  The family at this place is soooo nice and accommodating.  If I could give 6 stars I would.
5	We've been coming to this place for years, often it is before a weekend movie for a quick dinner. The vacancies around them since the Great Recession should not intimidate you.  The Gyros is the best in town, and they are always happy to see you.  They have lasted so long because of loyal customers who know a good thing when they taste it.Try taking home a side of Gyros meat and heat it up with scrambled eggs in one pan. A great Sunday breakfast. Wonderful!
5	Had an awesome chicken pita here yesterday. Food was great, service was a little slow though. I liked the patio seating!
4	Large portions of good food at reasonable prices.  I get their gyro platter combo and it's fantastic.
5	This is the best Mediterranean place in town. I work close by and love it here...Soo good. My fav is the chicken salad. The chicken is marinated to perfection.  I crave it! Highly recommend
4	Just always good! Love the menu in pictures ...Great courteous serviceEat here and enjoy
1	Will never go back. When I asked for water was told no because "we are out of water cups"...Styrofoam cups were on counter...offered to buy a cup for water..."no...buy a bottle of water if you want water". Spent 30.00 for two salads and some dalmas with water...there are so many other choices in the area why would I go back there for that kind of service and mediocre food too?
