5	well hello addiction. this deliciousness has become a regular in my belly. i have a thing for their yellow curry chicken. it is so flipping good. I used to eat at Chars Thai in Tempe but since they closed I haven't found a place I liked as well. But I can say I like papaya thai a bit more.  the chicken pieces are so moist and everything is cooked in the open kitchen to order so it is insanely fresh. i have tried the regular yellow curry and the mango yellow curry. i like the regular the best, but the mango is good too if you like fruit in your curry. the veggies are colorful and fresh and cooked just the way i like. not soggy but not too crispy. perf. they have a star scale on spicy, i go with a 4. and 4 basically means my nose will run a bit but i won't die. im willing to try the level 5, thats my next visit. keep in mind, i have a high tolerance for spice bc i love spicy food. if you're a wimp go with a 2. The space is clean and very comfortable, but very tacky in the usual asian restaurant way. it never seems to be too busy in there but i really hope business picks up because i want them to stay around. however, my addiction could probably support them. i have to note the sweet sticky rice dessert. i love it. i get the sticky rice with mango- it is bananas good. if you're in this part of town, it's definitely worth visiting. i would actually suggest it before most of the other places near here. munch up my curry friends.
1	Just don't waste your time or money on this restaurant.  Their website is much more impressive than their establishment.  We tried this restaurant because they touted their $4.95 lunch specials in their mailer.  My friend and I went in, but guess what?  The lunch specials aren't even on the menu.  We waited ten minutes after being seated before we were asked for our order, at which time we asked about the lunch specials and were told, "Chicken Fried Rice or Sweet & Sour Chicken."After asking for one minute to look back over the menu because the options for the lunch menu were pretty slim, we waited another ten minutes until we were asked for our orders again, even though our menus were clearly closed and stacked on the edge of the table.My friend's water glass had lipstick stains on it.  The water tasted like lemon-flavored dish soap.  The table was sticky.  My overall impression of this restaurant was heading downhill super fast.Then our food came out.  My friend's fried rice was mushy, and her veggies were burnt.  My sweet and sour chicken tasted like stir fry covered with Manwich.  I've never had tomato-based sweet and sour in my life.  Nasty.Then we were ready to go, and had to go to the register because no one would bring us our check.   The service was horrible and we felt like we were treated poorly because we ordered the lunch specials.  We will not be returning to Papaya Thai, and will tell anyone who will listen to avoid it.  This was my friend's first Thai experience and she says she's unlikely to ever try Thai cuisine again because of it.  Yeah, it was that bad.  (and the indigestion that followed for both of us was extremely unpleasant)  And it's not family friendly either.Head down to Mint Thai on Gilbert Road between Baseline and Guadalupe or drive to Malee's on Main or A Touch of Thai in Old Town Scottsdale.  These restaurants are superior to Papaya Thai in every respect.
4	Finely executed Thai and a welcome respite from the mostly dreary East Valley dining scene.  And the many, many gallons of fish tanks.....very, very nice.
5	This is by far our favorite in the east valley! It is excellent and we are hooked. You must try the Sunny Basil Beef! Love it, Love it, Love it. Do yourself a flavor and go!
2	I really hope it's better if u actually go to the restaurant. I ordered delivery and it was not good at all. The flavor wasn't too bad but the noodles were really mushy.
4	This place has great panang chicken ..highly recommend this place
3	There are several contributing factors to the 3-starness of Papaya Thai, but it isn't necessarily the food.   This place is literally a block away from my house, and I have ventured frequently because of its proximity, reasonable pricing, and portioning.  Giant fish tanks with some cool tropical fish are strewn about, but then there is this tank with the ugliest eel-like fish and catfish.  It makes it hard for me to eat looking at them, so I opt for seats facing the opposite direction.  I also feel like there are too many tables for the amount of space.  If the restaurant where ever full, I think I would knock into someone's head with the imaginary purse that I do not carry. Now onto the food.  I love that there are spiciness scales that I do not adhere too.  I always ask extra, extra spicy, and they don't just throw a handful of red chile flakes into the dish that I order.  Every curry dish I have ordered has tasted the way it should, not like coconut milk or peanuts.  The price isn't terrible for the portion.  I always have enough left over for lunch the next day.  Try it out.P.S. I think they are under new management since my last visit.
3	Thai cuisine happens to be one of my personal favorites, so when a friend invited me out to eat here, I was definitely looking forward to it. The place was completely deserted despite the fact that it was dinner time. I try not to judge a place based on the number of people who are there because there are plenty of great restaurants that get overlooked and equally as many that are terrible and crowded. Papaya Thai fit neither of these bills. It was a very mediocre thai restaurant and was a bit overpriced. There are certainly better options in the area and I probably wouldn't go back although I found the food to be fairly satisfying (I got the mango curry). The one thing I do have to say was a complete fail is the water they brought to the table. It tasted like dirt and was extremely warm. I was absolutely disgusted.
3	Great service, not so great food...I ordered take-out, and they were very quick and even brought soup for me while I waited!  The place was completely empty, so I only had to wait about 5 minutes for my food to be brought out.  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed with their phad thai.   The noodles were really mushy, and it wasn't sweet, instead tasting very heavily of cooked carrot and cilantro.  There also didn't seemt o be any egg, which is one of the primary ingredients... I will say, the chicken was pretty good, and I liked the spiciness of it overall (I only ordered a two out of five, but found that even a two had quite a kick).   But the overpowering cilantro, the smell, and the aftertaste were just different than any phad thai I've ever had, and definitely not in a good way.  I get this dish for the sweeetness of it, and this wasn't really sweet at all. Despite the short wait and courteous waitress, I probably won't be going back.  Perhaps their other dishes are better...
1	Usually ok but today we went and ordered garden medley with garlic and drunken noodles which should have lots of basil in it.  The medley had no garlic and was sour.  The drunken noodles had no basil and after we asked the rude owner for some basil he told us that its in there but he will bring us some raw basil.  I think he must have been drunk to screw up 2 dishes that we have ordered 10 times before.  He treats the customer like an idiot.
4	This is my second review of Papaya Thai.  The first was brutal, I'd ordered Phad Thai, a personal favorite, and got a mush of cooked carrot and cilantro over noodles that were to the point of becoming paste.  I was really disappointed, as they are the only thai place remotely close to my house.However, today I woke up feeling rather brave and hungry.  It's been several months, so I ventured back and ordered the same dish.  this time making sure to ask them to hold the carrots and cilantro.  And lo and behold, my dish was tasty.  It was sooo much better, I almost suspect it's under new management, or perhaps a different chef.  It's still not one of my top picks, but the service was good, the wait was short, and I was able to enjoy one of my favorite dishes without driving an hour to get it.  Overall, I'm both surprised and pleased by the difference.  Whatever changes they've made since my last visit were definitely for the best, and if they're permanent, I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
1	Awful! My lovely wife and I spent the worst dining experience we could remember over the past 27 years. Now where do I begin.... Ordered Chicken Satay and Fried Wonton for appetizers. After 23 minutes, the wontons appeared. They were fine. When they arrived I complained about the 23 minute wait. The waiter then went into the kitchen and passed that on to the chef. In the 23 minutes it took for us to get our wonton, they filled a 6-entree order to go and the couple near the door recevied their entrees. Note, there were only 3 tables occupied. When the satay arrived it was not grilled and not on bamboo stick as described on menu. It was fried.10 minutes later I got my BBQ-Chicken which was not bbq, but stir fried and had to ask for sticky rice. I calld the waiter over who said he couldn't help right away since he was busy w/the other 2 tables that had customers. When he arrived I questioned the preparation of the satay and my bbq-chicken entree. He then went into the kitchen and talked shit about me. I then confronted him and the chef and they had nothing but lame excuses about talking about us behind our backs. When asked about the wrong preparation about dishes, I was told that's the way they do it. No remorse until the end when the chef offered more crappy food as an apology. Reason she came out was since the waiter was now on a delivery run and she was alone, yes ALONE in the restaurant to do everything.My food was poor. My wife's was unispired. Stay away if you value your tastebuds and good service!
1	Forgot to mention that its definitely not family friendly.  I once took my 5 yr old child  with me who shared my plate with me and they charged me a sharing charge.   They have coupons in various mags for this place but if you use a coupon, the rude owner gets mad and screws up your food.
3	Their food is pretty good. Reasonable prices. I will say that my husband isn't super fond of Thai food but this is his favorite place.
1	Moving to the Phoenix area was a shock to begin with and it has been difficult finding truly great Thai food establishments, especially in the far East Valley. However, of all the places I have tried, which is nearly 15 in just under 2 years, Papaya Thai on University Dr. in Mesa is the absolute WORST! I am a HUGE fan of all styles of Thai Food. I've traveled throughout Asia on more than one occassion, taught English in China and spent years seeking out authentic eateries in the Asian-based areas of this country's biggest Metropolitan cities. Thai food holds a special place in my heart, but never have I been as disappointed as I was with my experience at Papaya Thai!If Papaya Thai was worth the words, I would gladly go into more detail about the atmosphere, the menu and the quality-to-value ratio, as I do with my other reviews... However, there's really not much to say about this dark and dirty hole-in-the-wall next to the Dollar Store. The service isn't worth the price of tipping, the food is as hit-and-miss as it gets and the owner couldn't care less if he loses a customer, which, judging by the fact that not a single person came in during the entire 45 minutes I was there on a Tuesday during prime mealtime, is something he must excel at! For the record, I haven't sent a food item back due to an issue in over 4 years. Unfortunately, Papaya Thai effectively ruined that streak for me...and on their signature "Pad Thai" noodle dish, nonetheless! The sad part is that what I got in return, besides a table-side confrontation from a rude, know-it-all cook (who told me I could not order the Pad Thai there anymore!), was even worse!!!Simply put, I won't be back. If the food was even half-decent, I would have gladly chocked the experience up to an unfortunate coincidence and happily given it another shot. However, only 1 of the 3 entrees we tried (a chicken curry dish) was even edible and the prices they demand are among the highest of all such restaurants in the area! There are many, much better places in the area to spend your hard earned cash at if you crave the taste of Thai food! Avoid Papaya Thai!
3	Good food, decent service. The food is really tasty, the price good, the atmosphere is kinda low rent. Not a "first date" place to go, but good thai food. I go here about twice a month.
4	Love this place for a breeze in lunch and go.  the thom yum is amazing!
1	We ordered delivery which was our first mistake. After a few mins trying to place our order on the phone and 3 different people that we talked to. The order was suppose to be here in 45 mins took over 11/2 hours. The 2 different kinds of curry tasted great all except the missing meat that was supposed to be in both orders. The side of rice came with a brown white rice mix that wasn't asked for or wanted.  The pad thia was OK it lack luster. The sticky rice with mango usually the highlight of the meal for us tasted awful and it sitting waiting to be tossed in the trash. Over all I should have made a few pb & j's and save the 50 bucks for crap food.
3	We were looking forward to using a coupon we had for this restaurant since my hubby and I both love Thai food. We arrived kind of late but still early enough that they should have had a dinner crowd on a Saturday night. It was practically deserted. I tried to keep an open mind about it, thinking maybe it was a diamond in the rough. The place itself is small, dirty, and not at all well-maintained. The bathroom was actually scary and dark.The water tasted kind of yucky so I got a smoothie which is the only reason they are getting 3 stars instead of 2. The smoothie was delish.We ordered 2 dishes, one spicy curry dish and one mild chicken pad Thai. The spicy was not really spicy at all and the chicken pad Thai had rather old peanuts in it which were gummy in texture. The waiter was very nice and prompt, but was lacking a bit in the hygiene department. We would not eat there again.
4	Tried this place tonight upon recommendation from a friend. This place looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, but is actually quite large on the inside.Upon arrival we were seated immediately by a slightly dirty guy (his hygiene did need some work). The place seemed very empty for a Friday night. The decor here is pretty run down and dingy. It seemed like they had a nicer section that was blocked off by curtains. Maybe they should use this as the main dining room. The lighting was VERY bright at our table. A little dimmer lighting would be much better. Overall, however, our food was delicious. The service was rather quick and we enjoyed kind of having the place to ourselves. Will definitely be back in the future but maybe just for takeout. They also deliver!!!
4	BEST chicken pa-nang I have ever had!! Well done!
4	Good pineapple fried rice. Nice server.
1	Awful! My lovely wife and I spent the worst dining experience we could remember over the past 27 years. Now where do I begin.... Ordered Chicken Satay and Fried Wonton for appetizers. After 23 minutes, the wontons appeared. They were fine. When they arrived I complained about the 23 minute wait. The waiter then went into the kitchen and passed that on to the chef. In the 23 minutes it took for us to get our wonton, they filled a 6-entree order to go and the couple near the door recevied their entrees. Note, there were only 3 tables occupied. When the satay arrived it was not grilled and not on bamboo stick as described on menu. It was fried.10 minutes later I got my BBQ-Chicken which was not bbq, but stir fried and had to ask for sticky rice. I calld the waiter over who said he couldn't help right away since he was busy w/the other 2 tables that had customers. When he arrived I questioned the preparation of the satay and my bbq-chicken entree. He then went into the kitchen and talked shit about me. I then confronted him and the chef and they had nothing but lame excuses about talking about us behind our backs. When asked about the wrong preparation about dishes, I was told that's the way they do it. No remorse until the end when the chef offered more crappy food as an apology. Reason she came out was since the waiter was now on a delivery run and she was alone, yes ALONE in the restaurant to do everything.My food was poor. My wife's was unispired. Stay away if you value your tastebuds and good service
3	this is still my go-to thai delivery near my house. i still order the yellow curry w a level 3 heat. the rating drop is for a few reasons. they seem to have dwindled on the amount of chicken you get. also they've gotten really slow. last time i placed an order, we waited an hour, called and they hadn't even left yet. we ended up canceling our order and going out. i felt bad but we were starving. i give them 3 stars.
2	First visit I ordered the green curry. It was very tasty but hardly any chicken pieces. Second visit I ordered the pad thai and drunken noodles. They were exactly the same dish. I showed the waiter but he insisted that they were different. Either way the noodles were gummy, very little sauce and no flavor. I decided I wouldn't try that again. So the third and last visit I ordered the green curry again. This time still very little chicken but the veggies were horrendous! They were soft and wilted with brown edges! I think I even took a picture and included it my tip on yelp! That was it. No more papaya thai for me.
4	Coconut soup with hot level is SO GOOD!  Drunken beef also pretty delicious.  Portions are HUGE.  Love that they deliver.
5	I've always been a fan of the Thai culture as much as the food  for it's diversity it's extremes. There is something about fresh food that is easily processed and just "feels right." A meal at papaya Thai  is a surefire way to boost my energy for the rest of the day. Unlike most other meals, I never leave hungy, always end up with 2nds(a to go bag), and get to relax in such a soothing atmosphere. Their food hassome kick so even a 2 out of 6 is respectable.
3	This place is hard to review. On one hand they have some of the very best Thai food in Mesa. Easy 5 stars right? Well, no. They also have some of the worst service, delivery, and a few of the rudest staff I've had to deal with in a while. 4 out of the last 5 times that I have eaten Papaya Thai I had an awful experience with their service. Really too much to explain, and I hate overly bitchy reviews, so just know that if  you go here the service may get on your nerves. Otherwise the food really is amazing, only once has it been sub-par and that was after waiting almost 3 hours for delivery. It's a love/hate thing here, but good God I do love their curry. No matter how annoying the service gets, I still keep coming back so that really does say something.Good luck.
1	I don't think we're ever coming back.  No one acknowledged us when we first came in.  Some lady was in the back talking on the phone.  She came up and finally seated us while still being on the phone.  The place is dirty.  The floors are sticky and tile has holes in them.  The bathrooms are terrible.  We should have walked out then but we had a groupon and felt obligated to use it not to lose our money.  Eventually the lady hung up and took our order.  We ordered mix appetizer, pad thai & pineapple fried rice. After several minutes of waiting - another person came up to the table and took our order AGAIN,  She had no idea what we had ordered.The food came out.  It wasn't terrible but very uneventful.  Mix appetizer had crab wontons, egg rolls, tofu, and chicken satay.  Chicken satay was nice but basically chicken tenders rubbed in cheap curry from the grocery store.  My pad thai had very strong tomato paste taste to it which was weird. Hubby's fried rice had a very burnt taste to it.After 15 minutes I ran out and threw my food up outside... literally... I am still sick as I am writing this the following morning.
3	If this was just my own opinion, it would be a 2 star.  My husband convinced me to rate it at 3 stars.Let's start with the place was dirty.  We arrived at precisely opening time.  Only one other customer there so far.  And yet there were crumbs under the table and splatters on the wall.  The walls are white.  You don't have to look hard to see these yellowish splatters everywhere.  IMO a person cleaning would have had to simply ignore them.    The table, plates, glasses and cutlery appeared clean (though the appetizer was served on a plate covered in aluminum foil so I could not actually see that plate.)Next, my beverage.  I ordered a soda.  Turns out it was flat, very flat.  And so once I got the waitresses attention she just says she thought there might be a problem with it.  REALLY?  Instead of testing it before bringing it out to a customer, she just served questionably flat soda?  That's ridiculous.  On the other hand, my husband got lemonade and it wasn't from powder or anything.  There was pulp in the glass.  He liked that a lot.Appetizer.  Just a simple Shrimp Tempura.  There were 5 shrimp for $5.95.  And they were small shrimp.  Usually for an order like this you get jumbo shrimp...  at other places anyway.  Ok, so the Shrimp Tempura I ordered came fried in a breading, NOT in TEMPURA!  Disappointing except for the fact that they were so crispy they made noise when you bit into them and the sauce was damned near the BEST sweet and sour (with a touch of hot) sauce I've ever had in my life.  My entree was orange chicken.  the sauce was kind of barbequey-orangey.  Something new for me.  And It was really good.  Wish there was a better variety of vegetables besides carrots and onions.  The worst part of the dish was how long it must have sat before it was delivered to my table (there were only 3 tables filled at the time, so they were not busy.)  My fried chicken was soggy.  And soggy fried food is  gross.  So I ended up removing the fried bits and just eating the chicken without it.  My husband ordered Pad Thai, with a spice level of 4.  he said the dish was fine except the spice level was really low (more  like a 1.5.)  Because the place was dirty he didn't want to add any heat from the table... a little too questionable.My husband said he would like to eat here again.  I'll skip it.
5	Really great Thai food in Mesa, not all that glamorous inside but the food is really really good. We had Pumpkin Curry (WOW!) and Massaman Curry (WOW again!). Will definitely go back!
4	Ordered 3 dishes: Flaming Shrimp, Sweet and Sour Chicken, and Mango Curry. Also ordered the spring roll and crab wontons.  All the dishes were spot on!  The server was friendly, but a little standoffish. Management was attentive and came around several times to check on us. Water glasses were never empty for long. Very good food.
1	Used a Groupon today to eat here and they gave tiny portions compared to normal and a sharing charge for one of my little kids.    Food was ok but the restaurant is dirty and bathroom always out of order....Dont use a Groupon at this place as they rip you off on the food portions.
4	I have always had good food from here.  Big portions with lots of flavor.  This place is our regular Thai take out
1	I'm not saying the food is bad, I just never received it. Who ever is manning online orders didn't see the order for two hours. So I'm not giving them this low score for the food, I'm giving them the low score because they didn't pay attention. I was starving waiting for two hours for an order that was never started. I think that is total bull crap. They asked me if I wanted to the order still and it would take 60 minutes for the order, They were basically telling me that I have to wait three hours for my food.  They also said they'd make it up to me if I ordered again. How do I know someone will see it this time. I'm probably not going to order from their again. I wound up getting Jimmy Johns, that took 10 minutes from when i submitted my order.
1	HOT MESS!  Food was "eh"...Service was seriously lacking!Too bad....Owners / Mgmt. nowhere to be seen....
3	Okay, so this place is really hard to review. They do have great food. However, the service is a step below. We continue going back because the food is so good. It's just too bad really. Someone noted that if you check in on Facebook you will get a free Chai Tea. Not true. The Mango Chicken Curry is super. Tried something new tonite. Definitely something to try, but don't expect the greatest service ever. You will be dissapointed.
2	I am giving this restaurant two stars instead of one because the recipes can be really good and they have large portions. I really liked the food at this place but every time my boyfriend and I would go there, SOMETHING on our order would be messed up(whether it was incorrect, burnt, or had a floating hair)...and we came here approximately 1 time  every other week- so it happened a lot. The last time my boyfriend and I went there they forgot chicken in my chicken fried rice and we decided that we were never going to go back there because there were a couple other great places just a little bit farther from home. Today, I decided to give them a twentieth chance and I went back there on my own to get pad-se-ew and when I got home I realized that they cooked it without sauce. I couldn't help but laugh but I had to throw it out because pad-se-ew without the sauce ended up being super gross and now I will officially never go there again.
1	Dude seriously read the f#@$?!& reviews! I know i should have!My meal was 39 minutes late. Totaling 1 hour and 46 minutes to arrive. Also my vegetables were hard and undercooked. When I called to complain about my food the lady that originally took my order over the phone (Vee the owner) told me that she also "cooked my food AND delivered it." Girrrl stop lying!  My delivery driver was Hispanic! Shake damn my head. Vee the owner  was extremely rude and blamed that on her lack of English Language skills. Ok fine, as a Hispanic minority I can except that. However, she then said they were too busy and that she could fix it the next time for me. I insisted that she either fix my food TONIGHT or she give me a full refund immediately. I told her that if they were too busy to just give me a refund and she said, "Oh no, lady you don't listen, you just think out your mind, I fix for you." Thinking out of my mind? Ummmmm, well yes, my mind is where I think from? WTF.  She then asked "did you eat it all?" Of course I didn't eat hard vegetables you fool! She said she would fix it within 25 minutes (IT TOOK 40) and that she wants her hard vegetables back. Which is fine by me because I do not eat half @$$ cooked vegetables. The delivery driver was argumentative and claimed that she didn't want to argue but "my food was just fine, because she'd order it plenty of times." It is safe to to say that I will never order from Papaya Thai again. Also the fact that the owner stressed the importance of  receiving said hard veggies back makes me wonder if they redistribute them to other customers. Unacceptable service and food. FAIL!!!!
2	I would give this 3 stars, but I really couldn't get by the "greasy spoon" atmosphere of this place.  It's not just the decor, the longer I sat here (which was awhile, kind of slow service) the more I saw how much this joint needs to be CLEANED.Went here on a Sunday at opening.  One waitress and a groupon special going on which I must've missed out on.  She was a little frazzled, and messed up every table's order.  We got vegetable curry, vegetable pad thai, and Tom yum soup.  The curry was very good, but the rice seemed to have been, ahem, reheated.  She brought a different pad thai to the table than what was ordered.  The soup was so-so, for the price I wouldn't order it again.  Everyone around us was sending food back.  As a carry-out this place would probably rate higher.  The forks were in a coffee cup on the table, the "condiments" had been sitting out all night and everything in this place needs to be wiped down.The kicker came at the end when I asked for a bag for the left overs....the waitress stuck her finger in the pitcher of water at the beverage table to separate the plastic bag from the stack.  Carry-out if you eat here
1	This is by far the dirtiest restaurant I've been in, in a very long time. The table cloths hadn't been washed probably ever, the high chairs had black goo on them and the dust was pulled so high on literally every thing in sight. I have no idea how they would ever pass an inspection. The service is awful, no one checks back with you. And the food was horrible! The pork was cold in the Phad see ew, shrimp was cold in the other. The bar b que pork was so tough that it was inedible. I would never go back. If I could give this review no stars I would.
4	Their soups are fantastic. The service has been less than great when we have gone, but the good is excellent.
2	I would give them a 4 but this is why I can't , the food is very good, service very bad, food is inconsistent, and meals that have basil come without, u ask why, they say cuz we ran out.   I got a rubber band in my soup and they didn't apologize,  I ordered smoothie with boba, but didnt get boba, the waiter said I am such a dope its my fault over and over. i was like Im reading my book  it is fine, I thought that was cool of me LOL   the food can be a 5 but mostly it is  a 3,  the owner is weird and mean, Once she left and my daughter and I had to wait for over 1/2 an hou to pay cuz I didn't have cash to just leave it, nobody would have known, but I would have. I asked if hey had desert cuz my 7 year old was getting restless they said no,, then came back said coconut ice cream I said sure.  they charged 4.50 for it, so I didn't tip when I finally could pay the check she told me  you never tip! ha ha ha. I tip when there is a reason , this is the first time I  didn't tip, because they got there tip from  the ice cream I didn't want.  I will go back cuz the food is good. its close to home, but I don't let them deliever anymore, I don't want psycho owner showing up at my home again.  I got 2 groupons, now that will be fun to use.  12 for 24 . no worries. eat here if u don't mind  maybe getting the dish u order to come out the same as the last time.  I am glad I am light hearted about it. I do order from better places mostly due to different reciepes.
4	First Trip here via Groupon.  The whole experience was just great!  the food is fresh and you get A LOT for your money.  I had Pad thai which is my favorite.  I liked the fact you can adjust your heat level.  I am a woose and I had a 2 and it was just perfect for me.  And I had leftovers  YUM!   My hubby had chow mein with beef at a lever zero (he has tummy issues with spice).  He too enjoyed his meal.  We will definatly be back.
2	When here with my girlfriend after a long hard day running errands. Saw the yelp reviews and gave three-star place a gamble. We Went in anyways and looked pretty dirty and our table was a little disgusting. All of our food was warm or lukewarm.  It's like they don't even have proper equipment to heat it up. The chicken satay was good but warm. I had to duck which was decently hot but not that great because it had bones in it. My girlfriends was the pepper steak and it was room temperature the first time and then we requested the waitress to appreciate it and then it came back with less meat and slightly warmer than before. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because we were comped 20% from the Waitress after telling her about it. Stay away!
4	Was here some weeks ago on a Living Social deal. Very impressed with flavors. Thai Ice Tea was different and quite tasty! Being a BIG fan of Asian cuisine, this was a plus!  I purchased more desls from living social for both locations.
3	Went there the first time on a Groupon the food was amazing have been back for times since and although the food is good the spice level is very inconsistent. We always order level 3 but sometimes its super hot and other times its so mild. The service is always slow even when no one else is in the there. Overall this is a good place for thai food. Could use a good cleaning.
4	My kids and I are loving these new flavors!  We like spice, but a #4 is a little hot for some of us. Delicious.    My 3 yr old was thoroughly entertained by the tanks of fish. Waiting for our food was accutally fun while she played peek-a-boo with a fish. Yes, we will be back!
2	I was dying for some drunken noodles, saw this place close and gave it a go.  They open at 11, I tried 1058, no one there realized how early and killed time at the dollar store, came back at 1114, still not open, started to leave and someone ran to the door to unlock it, still had her purse on so I know she just walked in the door.  I ordered takeout drunken noodles and asked how long it might be since I know they just walked in, 5 min.  I didn't know whether to be happy or scared.  How could that be ready in 5 min? It was obvious they took old stuff and just re fried it, pretty greasy and nothing tasted fresh.  I am not one to know authenticity, but I had some drunken noodles in San Diego that I am trying to find something similar here.  This is my 3rd round with the noodles and just a few other times eating Thai apart from that, but this was my worst for sure out of all of them.  I don't know Thai food real well, but I know fresh, and I didn't get anything fresh here.  Also, smelled like old lady moth balls
2	My fiance and I decided to try this place in Tempe because our normal Pho Place we go to (Nhat's off of University/Rural) was closed that day. We saw somewhat okay reviews and thought we would judge it for ourselves. Upon arriving there was no one to greet us as we awkwardly stood there for more than 5 minutes. An older Vietnamese lady walked up and offered to seat us. The decor was pretty standard 1980s styled vinyl booths, and when she offered to seat us by the window, there were FULL ON HORNETS IN THE BOOTH! I'm not even kidding. They were coming in through the crack in the wall and hovering at the table the lady offered to seat us at. We did not feel like getting stung to death while we ate, so we sat at another table. Unfortunately, another couple walked in right after us and were immediately sat at the booth of death and for some reason didn't notice (yikes!). The chicken pho had no flavor, and the noodles were just okay. I don't think we will return.
5	I'm reviewing it on the basis of take-out.  I love their yellow curry.  I've actually only ever ordered take-out, but have ordered 5 or 6 times now.  Every once in a while I get a hankering for it and have yet to be disappointed.  I can agree with the other reviews that the decor is not the fanciest...it could use some updating.  In fact, I probably would not take my wife here to try Thai for her first time, simply because experience is important.  However, the food is good and that's what keeps me coming back.  I'm a fan.
