4	Above average Italian food.  There is nothing exciting about this place, but it has a very comfortable atmosphere and good food.  I usually get Chicken Parmesan or their meat lasagna.  They do serve complimentary bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  It's a nice place, but I just haven't found a favorite Italian restaurant yet.  If you have a great place, please share it with me.
3	I like the bread with olive oil and spices.  The food is okay.  I'm spoiled though.  My lady's from a big Italian family.  Once you've had her grandma's cooking, there's really just no going back.  The service is a little slow at times, but they are very accommodating with odd / special requests.  We started with the Mozzarella Fritta, which are as close to mozzarella sticks as you get at the RMG.  Wedges of cheese breaded and fried and served with a red sauce on the side and basil pesto over the top.For the entree we split the Shrimp Portofino - sauteed shrimp with mushrooms, pine nuts and spinach in a tangy lemon butter sauce with angel hair pasta on the side.  The sauce is all in/on the shrimp spinach side, and we got a side of asiago cheese sauce (closest to alfredo they've got) for the pasta.  It was all pretty tasty and all in all we were happy with the food, the portions and the prices.  Nothing was mind blowingly good, but the Mama's Trio (lasagna, chicken cannelloni and chicken parmesan) looked pretty damn good from across the table.  It looked better than the Tour of Italy thing at Olive Garden, definitely bigger portion wise and I heard it was tasty though I didn't have room to try any.If you ask, they will bring you garlic butter for dipping your bread in instead of olive oil.  I prefer the olive oil, but if you're feeling indulgent and garlicly, sometimes it's nice to have that option.
3	It's a chain, so you can't expect too much. But for the price, I would not complain too much neither. Just make sure before going there for dinner, you date is either 1) craving for Italian, 2) you do not have a great budget, and 3) you do not want to think too much. Those were my reason to go - after experiences from other location of this chain.But for this location, again, it was alright. Staff were friendly enough comparing with other locations, and chef did his/her job well. Will go again if I meet those 3 criteria above next time.
3	This place is not bad, for a chain. Like Olive Garden, everything is mass-produced and full of butter. I'm not sure if they use boil-bags like Olive Garden or if the dishes are actually prepared by chefs.They certainly put a lot of effort into ambiance, and the overall effect is a nice dining experience. They have roaming singers that will perform Italian folk songs and such.There is something funny going on in the restrooms, and the odd thing is that I've seen it at multiple valley locations: You go in the men's bathroom, and for reasons unknown, there is a sign indicating the women's bathroom on the inside of the door. So, as you're walking -out- of the men's bathroom, you see the sign indicating that you're about to walk -in- to a women's bathroom. My head just exploded.
2	I used to like this place... Went in for a quick lunch around 1:00pm. We sat in the bar (I like to avoid screaming children). Our server was friendly and he is the only reason this place is getting two stars. The bread arrived screaming hot and lovely. I ordered the warm spinach salad which was supposed to be spinach, roasted garlic, prosciutto, lemon, olive oil and topped with toasted goat cheese. (sounds good right?) My friend ordered the half sandwich and salad combo. It took OVER 35 minutes for our salads to arrive! Really?? When I saw mine I actually laughed. It was a pile of spinach with a cold, greasy half breaded medallion of goat cheese with one clove of garlic and a small mushy ball of prosciutto. It tasted like dishwater. The server never checked on us and I had to go find him. He took the salad and offered me something else. I got the Mozzarella Alla Caprese. Cant screw that up right... The tomatoes were so hard and pink they were borderline inedible. They were topped with one basil leaf and half of a mini mozzarella ball. It sucked. I'm done with this place. If you go, have the bread and leave!
4	I started eating at Macaroni Grill when I moved to AZ in 1998... back in the days of the big jug of wine on the "honor system" when you could catch a good buzz for $4 a person!  I've always had a great dining experience here including good service, great food, fun atmosphere and an overall solid value.I ate in the bar last night and had the Grilled Chicken Spedini (see pic) which was a perfect meal of grilled chicken skewers (2) marinated in olive oil, garlic, lemon and rosemary served over grilled vegetables and roasted potatoes, delicious, light and healthy at $9.99.  I love their focaccia bread with olive oil for dipping.  It was very busy which is usually the case on a Friday night.  The service was solid, and I will definitely be back to this location.
3	A nice evening with friends in AZ for our "Date Nite" away from their kids for the evening and a movie to follow we couldn't decide on the right place for dinner so we settled on yet another corporate restaurant, you see in-n-out, Denny's, McDonalds, Starbucks, and waffle house where all in our wake, but this was a step up for our track record and since our friends had been making the choices we just went with it once again. The Macaroni Grill is a nice setting with full bar, beer and wine options plus a decent selection of different foods on the menu. The server was great and prompt. We split Mama's Trio so as not to over indulge after a long unhealthy Thanks Giving weekend and I got the Pinot Noir de crema which I enjoyed. Mama's trio was a sample of chicken parmigiana, lasagna and a chicken canaloni with the parmigiana the best of the three, lasagna was burnt and the flavors were just OK but nothing exceptional.
1	Was here recently and service was terrible plus food was not as tasty as it has been at other Macaroni Grills I have been to.  Our waitress disappeared for a good 20 minutes before she even brought us water.Took forever to get our food and it was mediocre.  I was really surprised because I have eaten at several Macaroni Grills in valley, Tucson and in other states.
4	Just went there for lunch with my fiance. This was our 2nd visit in the last year. The hostess was very pleasant and kind. Our server was also very prompt and got our entire order fast and correct. We ordered the Neapolitan pizza (pepperoni) and the Chicken Parmigiana to share. The pizza was fresh and had fresh basil on it. The pizza was small but one person could definitely get full off of it. The only complaint about the pizza is that they went a little flour-happy with the crust and it was a little messy. We just split both entries. The Chicken Parmigiana was OUT OF THIS WORLD...we wished we had gotten 2 orders of that instead of the pizza. We will be back again simply for the service and the Chicken Parmigiana!!
3	Yawn.  After an unsuccessful attempt to hit Mardenely's in Mesa tonight - it's out of business - we wound up at Mac Grill.  I knew what we were getting into as I've been in a few of these joints in the past.  I had a salad and bowtie pasta in meat sauce with sausage.  The pricing is tame, but the salad isn't included, so by the time you get to the bottom line, the pricing isn't so hot - especially for the quality of the food.  The salad was fine, but the pasta was a weaksauce effort.  The sauce had NO flavor, right in league from what I'd expect from Stauffer's.  It was thick with ground meat, but it too was completely without flavor and was rubbery to boot.  I almost thought my sausage had been left out, but closer inspection showed it was there along with the ground beef, and had so little flavor that I couldn't distinguish it from the ground beef.  I'd give the food a 2.5 star review, and I'll round to 3 only because the server was pleasant and attentive.  If you can't even ace a bowl of bowtie pasta, something is seriously wrong.  Time to find another local option for Italian.
1	Um, something has happened to this place, and it ain't good. I felt like I walked into a Cronenberg film where you don't know if anything is real.Every redeeming quality is now gone. The roaming singer is gone. They have a bar but don't even produce drink menus any more, and the waitstaff can't readily list drinks available. Not good when the wife is looking for drinks. The service is awkward and slow, even though they sat us at a table next to at least a half dozen servers who loitered around the kitchen area with the manager. I couldn't tell if they were off the clock or hanking or both. The only reason we went here is because they take reservations and someone in our party was concerned about restaurants being crowded. The hostess made a point of telling us over the phone that they don't usually take reservations on such short notice, but they would accommodate us. When we arrived, the place was mostly empty. Inflated sense of self-importance, much?The only reason I bothered updating this is because you might be like me: easily conned into going here when you're hungry. Well, resist the temptation and insist on going elsewhere.
1	Very disappointing, bland food, burnt pizza crust. Only reason we didn't walk out was the lovely food server Vagana. Will not go again, the end of a family tradition. Time to pick a new italian restaurant for next year.
4	My wife and I went here on Tuesday and sat up at the bar around 4:30  and had Matt as our bartender. He was great! We had a free tapas coupon and he was more than accommodating (too many servers/bartenders neglect you once you say you have a coupon). He gave us honest recommendations and was quite personable. Our appetizer ended up being overcooked so he had the kitchen make us a new one without even having us ask for a new one. Good lookin out on the quality control! Our dinnners were good and we took most of it to go because we were full on the tapas and the hot bread. We will defintiely go back just because of Matt. Thanks!
2	just fattening dish after fattening dish... nothing turned me on besides the dirty martini which was still under average( i can say this cause i have had my fair share of good martinis)...just blah in my opinion....not sure how i even ended up here.just not a fan.... i can live w/out ...two stars..one because im a kid at heart and like drawing on the tables with the crayons they provide..and the second star because well ,sheessh.. guess im just a nice gal.
2	All I wanted was the big bowl of macaroni and cheese but it is no longer on the menu.  Despite the place being half empty they sat my pregnant wife and I right next to the wait station.  Tonight we dined on pasta and ass.  We won't be back.
2	There is nothing bad about Macaroni Grill, if you have a large group and can't decide on a place it can actually be alright. I just don't have much faith in Italian chains in general. I've gone there with a group 6-8 times and was there just recently and I can't recall anything I've ate. I have negative aspiration to return.
3	Another ritual huge restsaurant, mega wait, loud Gilbert eating experience, a little better than the others since: service was more quick and attentive (seems to have a less waitress/customer ratio).  Food decent but with the volume you end up eating more than intended, and it was a little heavy.
1	So we ended up here last night for my sisters 17th birthday. This was our first time here after another relative said that the Macaroni Grill was really great.It was Friday night around 6pm we arrived, a huge long wait, so we knew we'd be waiting for about an hour for 7 people +1 baby (highchair). There were a ton of other large families inside waiting to escape the cold, so we decided to wait outside with the rest of the families since there was no more room inside to sit and wait (we had wished they had heating lamps outside but there wasn't). We didn't mind, were pretty optimistic people when it comes to a 1st time restaurant experience!We ended up waiting for 1 1/2 hours to be seated. My other sister walked in to ask for the wait time and whoever she talked to said we were only waiting for about 1/2 an hour which was a lie. Others got called and we were basically the only large group left to be seated which we found deterring. We made it inside because it was becoming too cold, it was dead empty, there were also empty tables around, so we couldn't understand why the waiters couldn't push two tables together to make a big one for us.After being seated at the table around 8pm (mind we arrived around 6pm), the waitress was nice but not very attentive. There was already the given gratuity tip because of our group of over 6 people, so we didn't know if she was just busy with other customers or just didn't care.Things that were ordered: Carbonara & Ginger Soda (me), Penne Rustica & Coconut Italian Ice (birthday girl), Eggplant Quadtani (mother), Mom's Ricotta Meatballs & Spaghetti (brother), Farfalle w/chicken & garlic sauce (don't remember the name, other sister ordered this). Everyone else ordered sodas or coffee.Wait time.. we waited almost an hour for our food, they kept loading us up on bread. We didn't order anything that would take that long, all pasta dishes, the restaurant was half empty and the cooks were still there so there was no shortage of staff.Carbonara & Ginger Soda: Was pretty good, although I'm not sure I like the idea of a poached egg on top (I'm the old fashioned and like it mixed together - just cook it up a bit to make sure the egg isn't raw anymore ;). It needed some salt but the prosciutto made up for it so I avoided adding anymore. But without mixing the dish, the noodles and "sauce" it came with was bland. The Ginger Soda was... interesting. It was good, but you couldn't taste the ginger, mostly the cream, lemon and lime. It kinda tasted like a Fizzy Limeade with cream than a Ginger Soda.Penne Rustica & Coconut Italian Ice: Birthday girl was upset it came with 3 small shrimps, overall she enjoyed it but wished there was more shrimp for the price you paid for. The Italian Ice was good, a lot of coconut flavoring, she ended up ordering two since she liked it so much.Eggplant Quadtani: It was alright, nothing to write home about.Mom's Ricotta Meatballs & Spaghetti: This arrived to my brother cold, we alerted a different waitress who took the dish back to be reheated. When our original waitress came back (after 30min of being MIA from giving us our drinks, another waiter gave us our food) she asked if everything was alright but didn't ask about the missing dish. We kept trying to find another waiter or waitress, but they had suddenly all disappeared - or they were conveniently ignoring our table. 15min later we caught our waitress again and said we were waiting for his dish to be reheated. The waitress apologized and found his dish, when she brought it back the pasta was hot but the meatballs were still cold. We were offered a new Spaghetti dish which we gladly accepted, but it was still charged to our bill while the other wasn't.Farfalle w/chicken & garlic sauce: Was good, but it had a very raw garlic taste, she wasn't too thrilled over the dish.When we were nearing 10pm we were ready to leave. It took the waitress almost half an hour to get back my friends credit card and receipts when the place had about 6 other tables for the night. Before we left, we finally let it slip that it was my sisters birthday (maybe if we let it slip earlier maybe we would've gotten better service? I think not...), and the waitress had a deadpan of, "Fml." on her face. The guy who sung the opera to her was pretty good though.Overall, for the wait we had to endure, and pay a large bill with not even sub-par food, we would've gotten better customer service and food at Olive Garden or even Carraba's. I know we're not supposed to mention other food chains in our reviews on Yelp, but it has to be said. If Macaroni Grill doesn't step up their customer service and food staff, this location might as well close as their other location on Ray.
2	I went here the other night and it was a fairly not awesome experience. We got there early, and there were only a few people working there. This resulted in us waiting quite a bit to be seated and to get service. We both got the make your own pasta and I got a side caesar salad. I had to wait with my salad for a long time because I didn't have a fork....pretty weird. I felt like I was in coming to America or something. The food was completely bland. I had a mix of arrabiata sauce and garlic...two strong flavors....yet it had no flavor. I just wish I remembered how much this place is not good before I decide to go there again.
1	I don't know what is going on with this location, but it is bad. Very dirty, stacks of dirty dishes piled up in the middle of the dinning room! My pasta came burnt (crispy noodles!) yuck. We went for lunch and there was only a few people there. Makes me wonder where all the dirty dishes came from and how long they had been sitting there. Skip this place for sure!
2	Romano's tries hard, and I give them credit for that. This wasn't a horrible dining experience. Probably closer to a 2.5 star. But it certainly wasn't fantastic. I ordered the carbonara and despite it being "hand made" and fresh and including an egg on it, it just didn't hit on all cylinders for me. It was rather light on flavor. Part of that is my fault for ordering carbonara: a dish I'm always more disappointed in than I remember.Service was decent, though our waitress wasn't aware that they apparently served Orangina. "I think they're just decorative." Me: "They're in 24-packs stacked up in between those huge tables there. I think they're for sale." (They were.)Overall, you get what you expect here, and I wasn't expecting much. Mission accomplished, though my mother enjoys some salad thing they do, and again, it wasn't *awful*. It just wasn't great.
3	The mushroom appetizer was awesome. The margarita was horrible....tasted like a mix. I ordered the steak, medium rare. It was grizzly and uneatable. The manager apologized and did not charge us for it. I might go to this restaurant again if I'm in the mood for all the noise from the kitchen which is open.
3	Went here Easter Sunday with Pops. Had a nice satisfying meal. The mushroom ravioli was very good. The chipped wine glass, not so much. The replacement Chianti glass was dirty on the outside. It came back so fast, I wondered if the server just wiped it off rather than replace it again, leaving me to speculate about the cleanliness of the inside of the glass. What did I do? Drink it of course, and drew pictures rather than conclusions. I  like restaurants where  they have crayons and paper table tops to draw on. Yes it is a chain, yes it is good and yes we will return some year, or a few years after that.
1	Since the changed menu yuk! Will not return.
3	the bib and blue salad is to die for! I cannot go here without getting it. also the chicken marsala is my favorite entree, it is even big enough that me and my grandma get a salad each and just split the marsala. The drinks are few and in between unless you like wine. and if you want good service do NOT sit in the bar area, the servers were slow even though it wasn't busy. I go here atleast once a month though and sit in the dining area.
2	Seeing how the one in Chandler closed we drove to the one in Mesa.  Came early 4:30 pm  for dinner on Sunday.  We sat in the bar in one of the booths for dinner.  Order was taken promptly by bar person.  While waiting for food we had the house wine ($3.00 per glass at happy hour) it was very good.  The food took 30 min to arrive.  Food was good although portions were a bit small.  The bread and olive oil was very good.    Restaurant was almost empty you would think the service would be better.  Never saw the manager to check on us.  They need to step it up a notch.
2	Very disappointed.  The decor was okay.  The service was barely acceptable.The penne rustica was awful  There 4 little shrimp (size of 60 count per pound) and they were cooked to dried tough shoe leather.  Procuitto?  If 3 pieces of something the size of a bacon bit cooked to a chewy leathery texture counted as procuitto, I suppose you could say the dish had procuitto in it.  The flavor was rather unpleasant as if there was somekind of undertaste like dirty dishwater.  Seasoning - absent.  I don't eat much salt but a little salt would have helped, a small dash of nutmet or even some red pepper flakes would have helped.  Definitely not worth the price and sure hope I don't get ill tonight.  The dish was equivalent to a dish of bad tasting macaroni with tastless sauce for $14.  The only good thing was the bread.
1	Walked in at 8 on a Friday night.  The place was half empty, open tables in full view and we were told the wait would be 15 - 20 minutes. We must have appeared baffled as we looked around at the abundance of available seating and were told they were "re-setting".  That must be industry lingo for "we have no intention of waiting on you." It smelled good & we were in the mood for Italian, so we went into the bar (two couples at tables but otherwise empty).  We sat down and anticipated a friendly bartender but instead watched four different employees come behind the bar and without even a glance in our direction, turn right around & walk back out. I will never try this place again and will be sure to tell everyone I know. I signed up for Yelp just to share this ridiculous experience.
2	Party of 10.   Made a reservation.    Had to wait 30 minutes anyway.   Desmond, our waiter could have cared less.   Food was decent, but the service was brutal.Im guessing they either have high staff turnover or are under staffed.
5	Was here over the holidays and had a remarkable time with the family.  Service was incredibly attentive.  I was especially pleased with the house wine brought to. The table, affordable and very delicious.  As a table we sampled appetizers and there were several I'd try again.  Peppers with goat cheese and artichoke potato cakes.
2	Long wait for food about an hour. portions were small. Waiter was awesome. not the macaroni grill I remember from years ago. it needs to bring back bigger portions and and speed up the chefs, the place was empty and we had to wait an hour for our food.our waiter was the best i have ever seen, fast friendly and nice
1	Looks good from the outside, but inside...service...NOT GOOD!  The food was substandard, dry chicken and for the price, not worth it.  I took my brother to dinner after a movie to Romano's and I should have just hit the Fat Burger or Texas Roadhouse next door.  First, the server Kelsi, was new or maybe it just felt she was new.  My brother had ordered tea with his meal, we were sitting there drinking, when my nephew looked at my brother's glass and said, "What is that?"  We looked at the glass and noticed this GLOB of multicolored brown substance running down the inside of the glass from the lip of the glass to the bottom (the bottom looked like a big glob of white stuff).  We all stated, "Gross" at the same time.  The reason it took us a while to noticed it was due to the lighting in there, it's dark...now I know why...dishes are not so clean. We brought it to the attention of another server, we had no idea where our server went.  He stated the same thing we did, "Gross," and told us he was sorry. Our waitress came over and brought my brother another glass of tea, and said, "Sorry."  She didn't tell us what was in the glass (again we couldn't see), I would have liked to know because I brother ACTUALLY drank out of the glass but low and behold, she never came back after dropping off the glass.  It's was like we did something wrong and we were being punished...seriously never saw her again, just dropped the check off.  We didn't get served water again, were not checked on, it was pretty sad. My sister had a pasta dish,I think the Chicken Milano that she liked, but my chicken skewers had some dry chicken on it, my brother had the half chicken that was dry but still good he said.  Remember, we didn't get visited again until the check, our server didn't even serve our food, we had it come out in three different sessions.  It was ridiculous, dry food without water...BAH!Anyway, after all this, I paid the bill, and thought, nope...need to talk to the manager.  I did, young man, stated, "Well, I wasn't told about this."  And that was it.  Nothing else, no, "I'm sorry" "Yeah,she should have taken care of it and helped you out," "Oh sorry, your waitress should not have abandoned you."  NOTHING at all.  As a matter of fact, I felt uncomfortable when he made his big grandiose six word statement to me, that I said, "Well, I thought you should know," and walked away.  THEN, THEN...to add insult to injury, I wasn't paying attention to the bill, so focused on my brother's enjoyment, that I didn't see...THEY CHARGED US FOR THE TEA!  Seriously, who does that?!  You take your chances here.  Make sure you check out your silverware, glass, etc., I might suggest you bring a flashlight since it appears intentional that they keep the lighting low.  Don't want you to see what you are actually getting I guess.For the price, the quality of food, the quality of service...it's not worth it. Go to Olive Garden, spend less money, they cannot mess up the salad too bad.Wait, sorry...forgot to say I went on their website because I was so upset...I got NO, NO response.  Pretty pathetic!
1	Service was bad and food was subpar.
1	We were the unfortunate recipients of $200 in Romano's gift cards, so we've eaten there a few times recently. The birthday dinner we had was ok. We started with some of their new appetizers. Pass on them. The pesto bean bruschetta lacked flavor (where was the pesto??) and should have been served warm. The peppers were ok. The stuffed mushrooms were just boring. Our entrees came next. I had a pumpkin ravioli, which was quite good. Hubby got the trio and didn't even bring the spaghetti home. He said it was terrible. Birthday dessert was chocolate cake--it was so bland it went uneaten. The canoli weren't worth it, either.We went back on a Saturday night. Was told there was a 45 minute wait. After 45 minutes they started seating people who ARRIVED AFTER US. When I complained, she said they had a reservation. I call bullsh-t on that. Then they seated ANOTHER group that arrived after us. Then she said there were 7 more parties before us. I told her to look around--there weren't 7 parties left to be seated. I was pissed. There was no apology. And no one over the age of 35 to complain too.Our waiter was Aaron. it took him 8 minutes to greet us. We asked him three times for water for the table. We never received the promised plate to share our woefully under-dressed salad. I had the salmon entree and hubby had the porkchop. Both were cooked beautifully (and I had asked for the salmon pretty rare)--really perfect. Too bad they had NO FLAVOR. It was such a shame. It was a terrible dinner, over all...F--- me, I still have $40 to spend. Hubby and I went several years ago and loved it. What happened??
2	Breaking News:  Just as I was about to post my review for a poor 'dining experience' on Sunday (lunch) February 24, I found information that the "underperforming" Macaroni Grill chain is being purchased (for $55 million) by Ignite (who owns Joe's Crab Shack) from private equity company Golden Gate Capital who took the company private December 2008 for $88 million.  Looks like GGC finally gave up trying to turn RMG around and is handing it over to someone who might have better luck or at least better oversight.  So stay tuned, there may be hope.  The sale is scheduled to close mid 2013.  The press releases say that there are 5 RMG franchise locations plus over 180 that are company owned.  Not sure if any of the Phoenix locations are company owned or not.  So there still could be some challenges at the grass roots level.The only reason we went was to use some RMG gift cards we were given because we feared the chain would simply close.The review I composed (and sent to the new owners at Ignite) is too long to post here and I don't have time to edit it down.Suffice to say, after years of good experiences at RMG years ago, our family's  more recent experiences have been poor and fraught with bad service, long delays, disappearing servers, frequent management turnover, ill prepared food, errors in take out orders, and being told one night the they don't do take-out orders when the hostess didn't understand the manager's direction that 'she wasn't supposed to handle take out, but redirect the call to the bartender' (so she just refused orders), overall obliviousness to bad experiences, and ownership indifference as the chain lost more than 30% of its business.  In other words, I second most of the negative comments found on Yelp for the Phoenix locations.Here's hoping the new owners do a better job of resurrecting the old RMG.
2	We went to Macaroni Grill on Stapley tonight for my wife's birthday.  We hadn't been there in quite awhile but had a gift card so we figured we would give it a try.  We had eaten there once awhile back and had a good experience. Well tonight was not a good experience.  In fact, it sucked.  The place was not busy at all, yet we had to wait  five minutes at the check-in counter for an employee to bother to come to the check-in counter and seat us.  While walking to be seated the employee suggested that we sit by the fireplace.  My wife usually gets cold so we thought that would be a great.  Oops.  The two tables closest to the fireplace were full of dirty dishes and half-eaten food.  We were then seated at the next closest table.  After being seated for 10 minutes, our waitress finally bothered to show up at the table.  She didn't bother to say "hello" or "hi" or "welcome" or anything.  The first and only thing she said was "what do  you want to drink?"  She offered no drink suggestions, no "would you like to try," and no "would you also like water?"  After taking our drink orders she just walked away.  She did bring our drinks promptly to her credit and proceeded to take our food order.  Once again, she offered no specials or recommendations.  She simply asked what we wanted.  I ordered the Penne Rustica with a caesar salad and my wife ordered the Lasagna Bolognese.  After ordering, I asked the waitress if the caesar salad had anchovies in it (because I am not a fan of little fish - whether to eat or look at in a fish tank) to which she said it did not.  As we sat and waited for our food, we couldn't help but remember that they served us bread with olive oil for dipping last time we were here.  We looked around and other patrons had bread, yet we did not.  Additionally, I wondered when my salad would be out.  After about 10 or 15 minutes, our not-so-friendly waitress brought out our food (yes the food was ready quite promptly), but minus the caesar salad.  I asked her if we were supposed to get bread. She looked puzzled and said "oh the other servers didn't bring that out to you?  They were supposed to."  I then asked her if we could get some water and she also said "they didn't bring you that either?  Ok I'll get it right out for you."  I didn't ask her about my salad just because I wanted to see if she would ever catch it.  She didn't catch the lack of bread or water without me asking after all.  It was about this time that we realized the two tables closest to the fireplace were still littered with dirty dishes.  We then realized there were absolutely no bus-boys in the restaurant and were only four servers (they weren't busy at all so four servers should have been sufficient).  It seemed very unlikely that one of the other three servers in the restaurant was supposed to bring us bread and water - it was our waitresses job and she screwed it up so she tried to blame it on the unknown server.  We began to eat our food and found that it was actually quite good.  Shortly thereafter our waitress finally brought the promised bread...but no waters.  We asked yet again for the water.  We finally got water when we were nearly done eating.  I left a little review on the table in crayon, paid the check and left a whopping 8% tip (about 10% more than she deserved) and left.  And yes, the two table closest to the fireplace were still dirty.  So in summary, food was pretty good.  Service was horrific - no appetizer bread was brought until after we had our meal, no water was brought until the end of the meal, dirty tables around us, and my fish-less caesar salad was never brought.  Oh yeah, and our waitress seemed annoyed that we were there the entire time.  That's nice.  I'm glad we paid for that.
3	Service was terrible, food was barely mediocre. The only reason I give this restaurant three stars is for the hostess. She was upbeat, friendly and could sing her heart out! Too bad our server was so bad. He was slow and forgot about us several times. We won't be going back.
2	Went here tonight for my sister's birthday per her request. We had been here a couple of times a few years ago before my sister left for the military and we had a much better experience those times than we did tonight.I got to the restaurant a little early before the rest of the party so I came in and asked if I could be seated. The restaurant was pretty empty at 5:30pm which is never a good sign even on a Tuesday. The hostess did not say her name or say much at all except for that our server would greet me shortly. I was seated next to a family of six with four small children and while I usually do not mind dining around children I felt as though the hostess could have seated me at least across from this family instead of literally inches away where the kids were screaming and running around the table. Pretty much every other table in the restaurant was open. The waiter came over and introduced himself and seemed very nice. He poured me a sample of the house wine and I decided to have a glass. About five minutes after that one of the children from the table over who was running around the table projectile vomited inches away from me. While I understand that this is not the restaurants fault it was extremely off putting and I really wish I wouldn't have been sitting inches away from them at this point. I immediately went to the hostess stand and requested a new table. She was accommodating and did relocate me to a booth but still very close to the original table with the child which was somewhat uncomfortable.My party arrived and we decided to order an appetizer based on the waiter's recommendation. We order the stuffed mushrooms and a couple of salads. We waited, and waited and waited and finally our waiter came back to take our food order still no app after 20 minutes. We ordered our food and our appetizer came out about 30 minutes after ordering. Our food came out about 15 minutes later. Everything moved extremely slowly. Drinks were never refilled. No water was ever refilled. It was my sister's birthday so we asked if she could receive a dessert at the end of the meal. Our waiter said she could choose one so she chose the chocolate cake. It took 20 minutes for the dessert to come out. We were there for over an hour and not because we were taking our sweet time. The food was just okay but not great and I do not think we will be back again. Service is poor and food quality is just okay.
2	Went here to eat tonight for dinner. Our fault for coming right in the middle of dinner rush but didn't think the wait would be too bad as we sat in the bar area. It took a good 15 minutes before we were acknowledged. The olive oil without our bread was the first red flag. More than 5 minutes later possibly more our bread came. Our drinks arrived 20 minutes after that. We were there a good hour before we actually got our entrees and the icing on the cake were the people who sat down behind us a good 30-40 minutes after we arrived got their food first. We ordered fettuccine Alfredo and pasta Milano. The waiter asked if we would like Parmesan and I stupidly said yes. I watched him go to get it but also watched him stop at two other tables and do other things in the process. A manager came over apologizing because he understood we waited so long for our food. I can only assume our food was sitting the pass forever before the waiter brought it to us. And the manager took less time to go get Parmesan but by the time he got back, our waiter finally remembered to come back with it. Again, I understand that they were busy and I know they are running around constantly but this was ridiculous. It just seemed like our waiter wasn't too concerned with how long we were waiting. Two stars for the manager caring more. The people sitting at the actual bar were getting better service!!Update 5/14: just found out that this place has closed.
4	Good food, with kid friendly atmosphere!
1	I use to work here about 5 years ago and now I am embarrassed to have said that.  We went to eat there during the week and there wasn't hardly anybody there.  We ordered a couple of appetizers and they were horrible.  I ate the Pasta Milano and it is usually great, especially when I worked there.  Now, this crap is garbage.  My wife had some rigatoni stuff and it was terrible.  I asked the server what the hell is going on.  He said that the people that own Planet Hollywood had bought the Macaroni Grill brand from Brinker International.  They don't even wear ties anymore and they wear jeans! They don't have a store manager there anymore! This one is garbage and their food sucks. If you don't believe me, then go there yourself.  Food use to be so much better years ago.
4	We went here on Father's Day and had a very enjoyable meal.  Overall the food was good and arrived quickly.  The service was great.  We'll be going back.
1	Ok . . . It's Father's Day . . . and Dad get to choose the Restaurant . . . YEAH . . . not really . . . no one liked my choices . . . with that said . . . the Family agreed on Romano's Macaroni Grill . . . haven't been here in a couple of years . . . but we'll give it a go, because when we lived closer it was one of our GO TO Restaurants.BIG MISTAKE . . . read some reviews prior to getting here and so I was getting a little worried . . . but here is the scoring.Service  -  1 STAR  -  Our server was great, very attentive.Appetizers  -  0 STAR  -  Marcaroni and Cheese bites GOOD / Prochutto and Mozzarella tasted like a salt lick / Margarita Pizza was stewed tomatos on flat bread, tasteless and cheeseless.Main Course - 0 STAR - Lasagna tasted old and very very dried out / Shimp Alfedo was sauceless and 4 pieces of shrimp / Chicken Alfredo made the Shrimp Alfred look great.Desert - 0 Star - Cheesecake was dry and the edges looked and were hard as rock / tirramisu was tastlessAmbience - 0 Stars - dusty pictures / food stained menus / dirty plates on tables.Sure wish I know what happened to this place . . . it use to be GREAT . . . now it looks like a place that has fallen on hard times . . . bland / dry italian food food (what happened to the great sauces that use to exist here) and an overall staff that seemed pretty lifeless.Sad to say . . . I probably will not be back.
1	Well, it is Saturday night (June 15th), planning on celebrating my wife's birthday at a nice place and also brought our three teenage kids. Here goes:  Got to restaraunt at 5:30, and was seated right away. Problem was the hostess was seating the dining room from the back.  The room was about 1/3 full and we were all being crammed together. The tables were so close together, you had to shuffle sideways to get through.  Ok enough of that, once seated, remember we are a 5 top, we only have settings for 4. Hostess leaves us with menus and disappears.  10 minutes later a toothless waiter that had such poor dental he was virtually unable to speak, brought a bottle of house wine and tried to sell. We politely declined and he said he would be back to take our orders.  He did not ask us if we wanted any beverages and we still had no water or bread on the table.  Toothless returned after another 10 minutes ( he was being kept busy by other tables returning improperly cooked fod to the kitchen). We placed our orders and asked about water and bread, he said there was freash bread in oven and it would be ready shortly--obviously a trained response as other diners were eating bread and had soft drinks.Toothy comes back with a carafe of water and fills 4 glasses and is ready to leave and i remind him we are a party of 5.  He grabs a glass from another table and fills another.  Okay---we have been seated for 30 minutes now and we just got water and still no bread. I take an eager sip of water only to discover warm tap. I folded my napkin on my empty bread plate and escorted my family out of the establishment.  On way out i spoke to the manager to cancel our food order and explain what a horrible dining experience we had just encountered.  I will never ever set foot into this chain again, to many other places for my hard earned money.
1	I also wish I could give this dump a negative 5 stars. After seeing the ads on TV, my wife wanted to go there for her birthday dinner. First clue, very slow service. Second, we ordered same drink, an Italian Mojito. My wife's had a bright reddish color of something in the bottom, mine colorless. Point being, they should at least look the same. Server said he'd take care of it, which he did 15-20 minutes later. Apps weren't bad. Meatballs in a way hot sauce and something that looked worse than it tasted. Entrees were at best terrible. My chicken parm was flattened out to where it took up most of the plate. It was burned on the bottom, with very little cheese or sauce on it. My side of spaghetti was cold. Not just not hot or warm, cold. My wife ordered some shrimp pasta dish, not Alfredo. She told me shrimp was tough and had me try it. It was like eating wet cardboard. She didn't eat anymore of the shrimp but said the pasta thing tasted ok. She flagged down a manager and told her about the shrimp, and told her to go in the kitchen and try it. The manager said, No, I believe you and took it off the check. Our server came and just kept saying, Wow, I'm sorry, Wow, Hmmm, Sorry bout that, Wow, Hmmm, Wow, Sorry, Sorry Guys..Hmmmm. Anyway, I agree this place has seen better days and just needs to fade away. There was a total of 6 tables with other diners. Good concept but failing. Needless to say we will never go there again and for sure will tell all about our experience.
3	Wow, lots of hate on here about this place. Gave me second thoughts about coming here, but we had coupons. Service was very good.  Food was reasonably good, but that's kind of what you expect from a chain. I had the chicken under a brick, and it was just fine.  I didn't care for what my Mom got (chicken scallopini, I think), but she likes that. My wife had the eggplant Parmesan and enjoyed it as well.
4	For a chain, I really love the Macaroni Grill. The bread that comes is phenemonal and the service is usually very good.  I almost always get the Chicken Scaloppine because it's my favorite and it's easy to split. I really enjoy that when you say you are splitting they bring it out on 2 plates already, it just makes life a little bit easier.  I like the 2 for $9 tapas too, the mac and cheese bites are delicious! The Chocolate Cake is also delicious!
4	Our second visit was much better, service was much better.  1/2 off of the wine and appetizers was a plus.  We will be back
4	Everybody treated us really good tonight the hostess got us a table pretty quick the waiter Was excellent. The penne rustica has the chicken and shrimp and had a little spice. The pasta Milano was the bowtie pasta with chicken and mushrooms. My 11-year-old daughter had to have the pork chop and I tasted it and it was delicious and the risotto was creamy and the mushrooms were awesome. My only complaint is it's too far from my home in Gilbert.
4	Get here for happy hour and make sure Cody (James Franco) is taking care of you. The food and drinks are delicious and the staff, especially Cody, rocks!I had the sorrento lemonade and it was really yummy! We also ordered the bruschetta and that was one of the best bruschetta I have ever had! We had the baked mozzarella fonduta. The fonduta was a little rich for me and I like rich but still good. The best part was the wait staff though. Very nice and super entertaining!! Cody and Joe kept us laughing the whole time!
1	Went here as a choice of the in-laws. Hadn't been to a Macaroni Grill in a few years, and was actually looking forward to it as my past experiences (although never at this location) were very good. When we were seated they tried to put us in the first table just outside of the main path back to the kitchen, even though the place was practically empty (it was a Tues evening). When we asked to move out of the main traffic area, they offered a table one spot away from the original one. OK, we'll play your silly game, let's not address the 800 lb gorilla in the room (the 85% empty restaurant). Once seated our server stopped by very quickly to get drink orders and apps.  Before the app came out, our server was back to take our dinner order (so far, so good, right? Ahhhh, just wait). We ordered: Lasagna w/side salad, Capellini with meat sauce, Eggplant Parmesan  with a side of sausage, and a Parmesan Crusted Chicken Salad.  The side salad came out not long after the app, and then the wait began. Not sure how long, but it was long enough for the entire table to get antsy and for us to ask for more bread. We even joked that it was because someone ordered lasagna.  When the main courses came out, take a guess which one didn't come out with them...you ready? The Parmesan Crusted Chicken Salad. Seriously. The rest of the table started eating (it can't be that far behind, right?) and no kidding, they were at least halfway through their main course when they brought out a salad with what looked like a half of a chicken tender chopped up in it. I thought maybe they had tossed it in or something, and when I confirmed the few small pieces were all that was there, it went from not so good to bad (and soon to really bad...wait for it...).So, here I sat with this sad salad with a couple pieces of chicken, and because the wait had been so long, I was done. I told the server I didn't want it anymore and to send it back. Then I told her to make sure her manager saw what was coming out of the kitchen. I saw her talk to the manager and she came back and said they were going to make some more chicken. I told her that I didn't want it at all. I saw her go talk to the manager, who was at this point standing in front of the girl making salads) and I know by her body language and his that she told him I didn't want it at all. A few minutes later I saw them put more chicken on the salad, put some more dressing on it, and he started walking over. When he got to the table I was PISSED (yeah, really). I asked him what part of "I don't want it" did he not understand and he just stood there hovering over me with this damn salad in his hands. I explained everything that had happened and he told me that the server never told him that I didn't want it at all. He asked if there was anything he could do and I said "Yes, you can go away" (he was still just standing there staring at me like he could use the Force to make me take the salad.Now, you might be thinking, "Damn, little harsh Bro!" Ah yeah, but wait til you hear what sent me over the top...When our server came back (who was very nice and apologetic this entire time) I asked her if she told him that I didn't want the salad at all, no matter how much chicken they put on it, she said (and I fully believe her) "Yes, I told him that". So I told her how he lied to me and threw her under the bus. THAT is just inexcusable. Forget to put an order in, fine. Something not cooked right, oopps.  Throw one of your workers under the bus? Piss poor.Oh yeah, and the app we ordered was zucchini hold the cheese, and it came with cheese, and the side of sausage never came out.Would I ever go there again? Not a chance. At this point I don't know when I'll even risk going to another Macaroni Grill.
4	Went back to see if the first time was a fluke and to see if the other reviews were right, but again we had AWESOME service! We had Joe this time and he was just as attentive as Cody was. Cody even recognized us and said hi! The waiters here are very fun and quick to serve us. I don't know why there are so many bad reviews because both experiences we have had here were great on all levels! Food service and ambience were all great!!!
1	If I could give less than one star I would. First off I was in the place for over 2 hours and waited to be seated for over 10 minutes. When we were seated service was lagging but expected being as management obviously did not schedule enough servers for the night. We spoke with the couple next to us the urged us to leave being that service was terribly and slow. We waited and sat it out due to the amazing specials finally we were approached and our first order was taken. After our order was taken everything was TERRIBLE. No one at out table ate their order, and only 3 out of 5 plates were complimented for the check.I think the manager took us to be young and stupid and did not take us seriously (although I'm sure we have higher credit scores and income than he). I can guarantee you a group of ASU students have a lot of power and influence and that I will never be back. Tables throughout were left dirty and disgusting. Let me stress I WILL NEVER BE BACK. I. WILL. NEVER. BE. BACK. I accept that the manger rudely declined my offer to speak with him (probably because we were young). This was rude and ridiculous. I will be calling in the morning. I am done with Macaroni Grill, as long as everyone in our party. Thanks for nothing and for charging us. You should close this location or fire the managment team. They're doing nothing but losing money.
2	I took some great photos, yeah...but, it's overpriced and not unique.Things I love: The look of the restaurant. Love those paper table clothes you can doodle on. The fact that they have an opera trained singer on staff. WOAH! AmazingThings I wasn't too stoked about:Just seemed like the Olive Garden with an extra 3 bucks on the top because there's a working fireplace in the joint.Not blown away by the food (isn't that really what I came for?)I mean, it's clever. It seems like a really cool Italian Rustica Kitchen, so you're paying for the ambiance. If you're okay with that, go...but know that you're not going to get anything above Olive Garden quality.Sorry : (
2	I haven't been to a Macaroni Grill in years, since most of the locations around me had shut down. I was on business in the area, and decided to give it a go with a couple of associates. The restaurant itself looked exactly like I remembered; kind of old world Italian vibe with a little rustic, industrial thrown in for good measure. Not as formal or touristy looking as Olive Garden, but in the same ballpark. We were seated immediately, and the waitress was friendly. She seemed very confused about what was on draft when we inquired. I got the lowdown, which wasn't all that impressive. They were certainly very concerned with selling us on their wine special, and prix fixe menu.The bread was pretty good, but the waitress put way too much cracked pepper in the olive oil. It was a sea of black pepper and a few sprinkles of olive oil. The pace of the dinner was good, although the second round of drinks was slow. My food was OK with pasta that was a little too rubbery in texture. The "stuffed" portion of the pasta was a little cold, as if they'd been frozen and reheated. There are probably lots of better Italian restaurants in the area that are better.
3	Food was excellent and they have a nice 4 course special for $15 but the service was horrible.  We were not approached with a menu until more than 5 minutes after being seated.  When we finally ordered, the entrees came very slowly and when they did, they were plopped down without asking if we wanted ground pepper on our salad or Parmesan cheese on our pasta.  It wouldn't have been so bad if we had not observed other waiters taking better care of other customers.  People seated after us were finished before we had our main entree.  My wife asked for the manager and offered constructive criticism for how the person serving our table needs to improve.  We were not expecting anything and were surprised to have our entire meal comped.  We told the manager that we wanted to pay for our meal as that was not our reason for mentioning this to her but she insisted.  That does show some class but I hope they either train this person better of lessen their work load so that people don't get overlooked.
5	Went here for our anniversary. One of our favorite places to eat, only to find out that it's permanently closed!  :(  next nearest one is 20+ miles away. Looks like another good restaurant in Mesa bites the dust.  RIP Macaroni grille. Say hi to Lonestar, El Paso, and TGIFridays for us. Btw there were 8 cars in the parking lot just at surprised as I was.
