5	I absolutely loved it!!!! They have great Italian cuisine.  The service is great, the people are nice, the restaurant is clean, eat-in take-out it won't matter you'll enjoy it.  With the food being Italian, you know if you have leftovers, and (chances are you will as they do give you good portion size) it will be even better the next day.  I've been here a number of times since my first encounter, I've had the calamari, meat lasagna, chicken fettuccine, and their calzones, all great.  Their sausage is so very tender.  Try it, if you like Italian, I am sure that you will like Don Antonio's
5	The newest Italian restaurant in town, Don Antonio's, definitely stands out! This place is not like all the rest and you'll see why people are coming from all over the Valley to dine here. Offering age-old tradition and timeless recipes that have been passed down through generations, the restaurant successfully combines cuisine and atmosphere to create a dining experience that won't soon be forgotten. Quiet and elegant, Don Antonio's Pizzeria & Restaurant is the kind of place that could be your home away from home - smells of spices and homemade cooking fill the air while a friendly and knowledgeable wait staff cater to your needs.
5	Best family Italian and Pizza joint in Vegas.  Hell, their burger is one of the better ones I've had in Vegas.  Cozy little place that gets pretty hot due to the size and proximity of the pizza ovens.  The food comes in huge portions and is very high in quality.  Their pizza is to die for, and don't be afraid to try all 3 types!  My favorite is the NY-style, but the Chicago deep dish and Sicilian are both stellar.  There is a decent wine list (not very pricey), and their beer selection is great.  If you come in the summer, park out back (there is covered parking!).
5	5 star food, 3 star customer service. Maybe it has alot to do with how they are ALWAYS busy. I heard they will be expanding soon, hopefully it will help wait times.  Great Alfredo...you gotta try the garlic bread!
5	The service was amazing at this place, the waitress even hooked us up with 3 kinds of gelatto (all of them very tasty, though the chocolate was a bit too grainy for me) even though we paid for only one dessert. The food was incredible, some of the best Italian we've had in town. I had the chicken Angelo, which was meltingly tender and perfectly tangy with a side of linguine Alfredo, which I only ate a few forkfuls of because it was insanely rich, as it should be. The portions were quite generous as well. The atmosphere was unpretentious, but cozy and very pleasant. Definitely go and eat at this place!
5	Do you miss the long defunct Venetian Italian Restaurant on West Sahara with the nice little bar at the back of the smaller dining room with a couple of slot machines? The one that plays either Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett, or Lena Horne on the sound system and evokes romantic but quaint ambiance for the restaurant among it's diners? The Venetian Italian Restaurant that used to be where The Slanted Clam Tavern now is?  For  those who didn't know the Venetian Italian Restaurant, it was a favorite among many locals and many tourists as well.  Well, well, well!  We don't have to long for anymore for their delicious food.  Don Antonio's Pizzeria owner is the same as the owner of Venetian Italian Restaurant.  You'll know it's true from when they bring your side salad with pepperoncini on top.  The favorites from Venetian Italian Restaurant like baked clams and neckbones are back.  Me and dear SO's favorites are the appetizer Fried Calamari with marinara sauce, Veal Parmigiana, and Lobster Ravioli with Vodka.  S.O. gives a thumbs-up for their pizza, I should note.
3	Pizza is excellent.   Have been there twice in last 2 wks.   Had to wait 45 min for the meal on the first visit (when it was busy) and over an hour on the second visit (Sunday mid-afternoon when it was not busy).Pizza and ice tea should not have taken so long.
5	Ever been to a restaurant where you feel at home?I have after trying out Don Antonio's.Sure, it has a hole in the wall feel and because it's grown popular quickly, has the shoulder-to-shoulder feel of a subway, but that gives it its charm.While its pizza would probably fall just below excellent to me, they win huge points in this market full of Chicagoan and New Yorkers by serving BOTH thin crust and deep dish.But the rest of the HUGE menu in this place is just some of the best tasting Italian food in town. And the prices are pretty good too.But what really takes this place to five-star level is the staff. It feels like they're working for you, rather than the restaurant. Just fantastic.
4	The food here was really good.  There was a nice feel to a place as if you're eating at one of those classic old Italian restaurants.  The salads here were huge.  The calamari was cooked perfectly.  The pizzas are also made pretty well.  Although forgive me because I don't remember what type of pizza I bought.  So why don't I give it 5 stars?  Well the night I came here, the service was pretty bad.  Kind of a bit of a wait to get the food which I don't mind much.  However, the orders on our food kept getting mixed up.  It happened three times this night.  The place wasn't really busy either.  There was also a bit of a wait for some simple water.  The waitress was nice and apologized.  I gave the benefit of the doubt this time because maybe it was a long day for the waitress, however, apologies can only get so far so hopefully it was just this time.   The food is really good though so just hope that when you go, the service is up to par.
3	The pizza was fair;  but my husband said their pasta and sauce was delicious, so I'm def. going to try their other dishes next time.  Service was awful though, we had to complain because we waited half an hour for a table, then nobody came to serve us!
4	Excellent value. Innocuous little place in yet another architecturally bland, semi-occupied Las Vegas strip mall.  I had the lunch special, an 8" pizza with one topping and salad.  The salad was straightforward, with minimal frills but fresh lettuce, tomatoes and a pepperoncini with the stem already removed (a nice touch I have never seen before).  The pizza was a bit oily, but that's why it's called pizza - and the thin crust pizza was nice and chewy.  It could have used some more sausage, but at $7.99 for the lunch special pair, I'd still say it was an excellent deal.  Service was fine, and I had no issues of promptness (but the place was only about 30% full).  The place was clean, and assuming the bathroom was representative, it was well taken care of and/or brand new.  The fixtures were uninspiring (the tables reminiscent of what you'd see in a big chain like TGI Fridays).  I'd heartily recommend Don Antonio's to friends for a solid, non-fussy, good value dining experience, especially for lunch.  I can't find a single bad thing to say about my experience at DA's, the food was satisfying and there's particularly strong value in the lunch specials menu.  Even outside the lunch specials, it has a pretty big menu for such a relatively humble place.
3	Delivery-  It took about a half an hour.  The pizza could have arrived hotter than it was, but it was an easy fix with a few minutes in the oven.We had a Sicilian Pizza with meatballs, sausage & cappicola.It was tasty, but not nearly as good as my favorite place in NY.None of the pizza west coast is though.  To be expected.I also had a house salad.  It was ok.  Not terribly crispy or exciting.Their bleu cheese dressing left something to be desired.Their cannolis were tasty & crips, if not a bit too bland, but not too sweet.I'd give them another try, but maybe dine in instead.
5	This is one of our favorite lunch resaurants in Henderson.  I think they have the best Italian sub in town.  You can't beat the prices either.It is usually very busy there.  We always have great service and Mariah is my favorite waitress.
4	this is the best Italian place in Vegas thus far. the pizza is great but the dinner entrees are awesome. I've taken family and friends here from out of town and they have loved it. the chicken Marsala is my fave, I've had the shrimp Alfredo, all kinds of pizza, and foccacia and its been a hit every time. if your ordering pizza for delivery good luck with the girls on the phone, they're like 12 so its hard to get the order through but delivery is fast and the food is really great. the prices are great too!
4	Initial thoughts:I have always passed this restaurant as I either went to Subway or got some Roberto's. It is in a strip mall location and it never dawned on me to try out this restaurant. I finally mustered up the courage to step in and try this Italian eatery. The moment I stepped in I could see the open kitchen and the baked deserts. The place smelled great and the hostess was less than friendly. She must have had a bad day or something. The second thing I noticed about the restaurant were the red and white checker pattern table. Now, usually the tables have a red and white checker table cloth, but not this one, nope, these tables had the red and white check directly embedded into the table. A little odd indeed, but I didn't think too much of it. Food:They started the table with some warm bread and butter. It wasn't anything fantastic but I definitely held me over before my appetizer and entree came. I had their BBQ drumettes, and the 8in NY pizza with chicken. I like the idea that they separate the wings and drumettes, I like that I can choose which one I want. When the food arrived it looked very good. The drumettes were crispy and juicy in the inside the BBQ sauce was very tangy. The pizza was not the greatest. To me they over topped the pizza with too much chicken it kind of held back the taste of the pizza. Perhaps their regular cheese would have been a better choice?  Service:The waitress, Allison, was extremely nice and anticipated all my needs before I asked for anything. When the wings came out she knew that my hands would be messy and brought me a warm towel since they didn't have moist towelettes. To me, as small as it is, is a great sign of good service. I can't remember the last time a waitress took that initiative to do something like that without someone asking for it. When I finished my meal and my check came out, I asked her for a refill of my drink, and she asked me if I wanted a to go cup instead. I happily obliged and thanked her for her great service and anticipating my needs.  Quality:The only thing that worries me about the quality of food is how vast their menu is. To me, a shorter, more concise menu would have been better. The chefs wouldn't have remember as much and the food quality would definitely increase. Final thoughts:Don Antonio's is a breath of fresh air especially with the vast amount of really bad Italian eateries around Vegas. With a little bit of more concentration for the food quality, they will no doubt do a lot better. Their service is great and I have no complaints in that department. As for a Italian restaurant that caters to the locals, they are doing a great job. I hope they keep up the good service because that alone will bring people back. I will look forward to trying other things on their menu in the near future.
4	I have been here twice and the food and service are really decent.  I am not a regular Italian food eater, but I can appreciate a good meal.  The server, Allison, is outstanding.  I was with a wise-cracking 80-something couple who treat me like their own granddaughter, and she definitely could handle their wit.Fresh baked bread to start, HUGE plus: olive oil and basalmic on the table already!!!  The meals are huge and come with pasta AND soup or salad.  I had the veal and eggplant parmesan (what a combo)! with angel hair + garlic/olive oil.  You can get any combo of pasta and sauce you want with your already huge meal - one companion enjoyed gnocchi!!A nice comfy place and I always have enough leftovers for lunch the next day.  I would definitely return.
4	Solid Italian resturant. Great Calamari and when their Pizza is on it's some of the best in town(extra gravy).
5	Bad customer service (as in most places in Vegas.) Poor lighting. Sticky stuff under my mother's seat.Why 5 stars? BEST pizza I've had in my 7yrs in the US. And the gnocci was just as good. And the price was extremely reasonable.If you're in Vegas, please do yourself a favor and make the 10min drive off the Strip to treat yourself and eat like a king.
3	Don Antonio's was On My to-do list for awhile and based on the good reviews I was looking forward to trying it.  The place looks good, they have a laid back feel and cool bar which I liked as well. The service was good although a little slow on the drink refills.  Ordered 2 pasta dishes and a large pizza.   The bread was good and fresh to start out and received more with the meals. My angel hair Pomodoro was disappointing and  lacked in flavor. Presentation was good, it looked great but fell very short on flavor.  The seafood Linguini  was pretty good however. The Pizza was good but not great.  The sauce for the pizza was very good but either the cheese  or the crust left me wanting more from a pizza.  Verrazano's Pizza is far better to me. Nora's and Due are on a higer level to me as well. I just expect more out of any establishment making Italian food.  The place is good but nothing special.
4	A great alternative to the casinos on the way into or out of town. The pizza is great and so is the pasta.
2	Decent food, fun atmosphere. not New York.  Had the pizza and chicken parm. In a pinch not bad, reasonable but small portions. The crust was ok but not a great, and the chicken parm was small.
2	Co-workers demanded a pizza party at work today, and I aim to please...Searched yelp* for the best place close by and found Don Antonio's 6.1 miles away.  Called 30 minutes in advance and got some super awesome service.  We ordered:1. Meat Lovers2. Cheese3. Veggie4. Hawaiian5. Half tray of Caesar SaladWhen we arrived for pickup, the pizza was hot out of the oven, and he had everything all ready for us - plates, salad dressing, utensils, napkins, the whole works.  In and out in less than 10 minutes.All in all, the pizza itself was mediocre, at best.  If the food lived up to the service, I would be rating Don Antonio's 5 stars...
1	This used to be a great place...used to be they are under new ownership and have new chefs and the new owner is a jerk, he has no clue how to run a restuarant. On new years eve the place was packed and food was not coming out and the menu is a joke. No busy hel food over cooked and under cooked i will not be going back. Used to have large portions great menu but the new one is a joke. horrible place to go.
1	My first review of this restaurant was very short and to a specific point.  I stated that this was a solid Italian restaurant.  The meaning of "solid" is a place that has very few flaws and will be a strong operating business for a while... I could not have been further off.Ever since the original owner left this location it has snowballed downhill fast.  Upon entering today the entire additional bar area was closed; only the restaurant side remains open.  Alas, the bathroom on the restaurant side is closed but the bar side bathroom is open (a little inconvenient).  The staff is well below the quality it was during it's opening few months.  The restaurant itself is dead during lunch hours.  The menu is half as unique as it used to be... very simple easy to prepare items all over the menu.  Lunch specials aren't special at all. Bottom line is this location has seen better days and I strongly doubt without any change in the near future that the restaurant will remain open for business. Sorry to the Yelp community for not getting to update my previous review sooner.
3	Just so everyone knows, Don Antonio's is now closed.  :*( My boss loved this place, we attempted to get lunch there yesterday, I called the number 5 times, I was in so much denial, haha.  My coworker drove down there and sure enough, not a car in the parking lot and there was tape on the windows as if notices had been placed there.  No more Don Antonio's.
5	We were treated like family.On the way out of Vegas we stopped in here and they weren't open yet but were catering a private event.We were ready to walk out and the guy,Don says. "Wait a minute,were you just going to have pizza?""yes" we repliedHe sat us down we asked if we could get salad too and he got the salad and served it to us as if we were his own personal house guests. The Italian dressing was to die for served with fresh baked Italian bread that was the most perfect texture of light and crispy outside and melt in your Mouth on the inside.Our pizza arrived just as I pushed my empty salad plate away.I could tell by looking at it that it was going to be exquisite and I was not disappointed.This was the best new York pizza I've ever eaten topping some of the most well known places I've eaten in new York.the crust was perfectly crispy flaky and the cheese was so fresh you'd think they keep the cow our back and make it fresh every morning. As we are finishing up we tell Don how happy we are and compliment the food and he shares with us that his chef has won many awards for his food and asked us where we live. We tell him where we are from and that we came here to celebrate my birthday;he immediately grabs an ice cream cup and scoops a large scoop of butter pecan ice cream for me. Seriously? This is too cool!We then tried to square up the check and he won't take our money. He insists that it's on the house and just tell our friends what we thought of his food.I give him a hug and thank him and my boyfriend shakes his hand. As we say goodbye he asks us to wait and walks to the back. Returning with a hat he hands it to my boyfriend and says "I like people who appreciate things, this is for you, wear it in California"We will definitely go back. For the amazing food, for the atmosphere and to visit our new friend who made us feel at home.
4	I WROTE THIS REVIEW FOR DEMARCOS in October 2011:Eaten there 3 times. Not treated like family by the owner1st time a Saturday: a wonderful singer entertained the room, had pizza and chicken parm that was very good. The bread and knots are freshly baked, ask for the balsamic and olive oil for dipping, its great.2nd time a Thursday: came with family to celebrate my daughter's birthday. I had the veal piccata.  There were 4 of us, the portions were smaller. The owner walked by twice but never said anything to us although we had 4 meals and 2 bottles of wine, and we were the only customers there. The waitress provided cannoli and they sang to her :-)3rd time a Friday: had veal piccatta and fettucine alfredo. Enjoyed the fresh bread. Again the owner was there, and again he said nothing. Again, I was the only diner.I'll be back at least once more to use my last groupon.Every time the server was very good. The food is good. Not sure about patronizing a business whose owner ignores the only customers in the room, especially repeat customers.
4	Great service.  Soup was incredibly good.... nice and hot.
5	Nice looking joint. Not a Brooklyn pizzeria more like a restaurant. Being from Brooklyn my critique will be real. Wife got Cabernet but it was refrigerated. Blue moon served in nice cold glass. Full service bar? Looks good but for a pizza joint- very unlike Brooklyn. Don't know if it's a Greek Demarcos. I'm not a fan of Greek pizza. Water no ice tasted river washy.  All the doubt will go away if the pizza is a knockout. If not, I won't even try the other menu items.The pizza is superb! I onyy had 1 slice so far and I already want to come back here for more. My wife who usually eats 1 piece says she''ll probably eat 3. That in itself is a rave review!!!  2 slices down and going strong. Oh, grated cheese fresh grated onto the pie. All I can say is wow- what a pizza "restaurant". You have set a standard for pizza in las vegas! My wife wants more! Congratulations! We have a new best! Can't wait to try other items if I ever can resist the pizza!
4	Can't beat the lunch special and the waitress and the boss defintely had that italiano' east coast accent. The food was great and the service friendly. I hope the business can survive the recession.
3	Ordered food togo. Pizza was okay, not great though my daughter liked it. Order not exactly what I ordered, but not bad. Ordered linguini with mussels in red sauce, got just mussels; preferred string green beans with spinach, got soggy spinach with broccoli and cauliflower, no green beans. Calimari was fresh, but not crispy fried-soft. Maybe things were off this night. Will give it another shot. I wanna like it. Hope it is better.
4	A family run Italian restaurant with everything you'd expect from an NY style eatery; extensive menu, well prepared dishes, the house wine was very good but they also have an extensive wine list.  Service was great, portions huge, we took probably 70% of our dishes home, too much for one sitting.  We'll be back!
4	I'm so excited that this place is back to being Don Antonio's.  From talking to the waitress, the switch happened on December 4th (or maybe January 4th, I forget).  For those that don't know, this location used to be Don Antonio's but then went out of business and became DiMartino's.  Don Antonio's took their business a few blocks south and became Mama D's.  Mama D's had the same menu as Don Antonio's did, but was more of a to-go type of place instead of a sit-down restaurant.The menu is much larger than DiMartino's is and more affordable.The best part about this place is the lunch specials.  Today, for $5.99 I got bread (all you can eat), salad, lasagna, and a soda.  I was very full.It took a while to get our food today.  It looked like there was only one cook in the kitchen.  That's the only reason why this isn't a 5 star review.  I'm sure the amount of staff will increase though as people slowly realize that Don Antonio's is back.
4	Recently re-opened. Never been there before.Only went for lunch.Great lunch specials with great lunch special prices.Warning: service is super super slow
4	My co-workers and I go here 1-2 times a week.  The food is good and the lunch specials are even better.  For 6.99 you can get any sandwich on the menu and a soda.  We always substitute the fries for a salad and the house Italian dressing is quite tasty.Four stars because the service and food delivery is fairly slow and they always over toast the bread so ask for them to either lightly toast or not at all!
4	I am very glad this fine restaurant is getting back on it's feet.  It has seen a few changes over the last year. The food is delicious, the service was great at the last visit, but this had been my experience before all the changes. I believe this waitress' name was Tamara.  (Sorry if I got the spelling wrong)  She was very helpful and had a great smile.  My guest and I walked out full and very pleased.Welcome Back!
2	Dont bother. It once was a good place. But I was so dissapointed.  Why waste the money opening a new and or new place and foget the food. No regard to detail. Did you forget that you sell food FOOD for a living.
2	We went here for a friends bday. Large party was easily accommodated but it was kind of squishy. The staff was a little icy and not around as much as they should have been for a big party.Food took a VERY long time to come out -- almost an hour after ordering for the last meal to get to the table!  (1 pizza, chicken parm, 2 sandwiches a salad, and a calzone). The prices were reasonable and everyone seemed to enjoy the food but the service really left something to be desired here. I might try it again for take out.
5	Very happy this restaurant re-opened.  Don Antonio's is back.  The food is excellent.
5	I understand this place has little slow service and take longer time to make food of course. Cmon people.... this is an italian restaurant and not a burger king. I am loving with this place and their Chicken Marcella and Chicken Dore. Both plates are really delicious and i may have try more than ten times so far. When i goto dining i love to spend little time in the restaurant and get the real feel about their entertainment. in my opinion, if you are in a hurry and get in get out thats why this city has so many drive thru even in the banks :D...... i really recommend this place to anyone want to try real Italian food
2	Oh Don, you're hanging on by the thinnest little thread. A few years back, this would have been 5 glowing stars. What happened?I mean, I know a lot happened, you opened, then you closed, then you opened under a different name in a new location, then you opened back up in the old location. But the most important thing is you're back! And we were excited that you were back! You were the best! You offered great food at a decent price. Service was never your forte, but it was at least bearable. We brought people from many miles away to your restaurant because you were that good. On a lazy Saturday night we ordered your food and rented a movie and considered it a "perfect" night. On Fathers Day we brought Pops by to enjoy the lunch special because that's what he wanted...but things have changed...So we came back, after so many years of loyalty there was no doubt that we'd be back. In the interim we hit up Mama D's and the food was great, tasted just like Don's. This time around, in the old, but new venue we ordered our traditional favorites. #1 on the list was the Fettuccine Carbonara. Back then, the sauce was better than some of the finer dining options in this city. So the excitement to eat this bowl of awesomeness was brewing. My frown was not turned upside down though. It was bad. Bad in nearly every possible way. The sauce was flat, tasted nothing like the "olden days." The bread prior to the meal became tasteless breadsticks. Gone are the days of Oil & Vinegar at the table. The meatball calzone we ordered had 6x's the amount of ricotta cheese to the mozzarella that was in there. The service was bad. It took a while to get a drink order in, then another 15 minutes to get salads, then another 30 minutes to get entrees. This was on a Friday night when the place wasn't even a 1/4 full. Something has changed. The meal felt effortless, and that more than anything is what bothers me most. I don't know if the challenging ways of today's economy has gotten the best of ol' Don Antonio and his famous recipes, or if a new chef was hired, or what the heck happened. But whatever it is, I want the old Don Antonio's back, and I want it now! Do it right, or don't do it at all. This should be a one star review but Don has some street cred with me. I hope Don Antonio's returns to it's old glory, otherwise this guy is riding off into the sunset never to return again.
4	I have been here a few times. Today I got linguini and clams. It was great. The server was on the ball and it is not that expensive.
4	The service was horrible.  Bread is so cheap yet we only got one small loaf the whole night.  After waiting so long for our dinners and I asked the waitress she told me she told them in the kitchen and received no answer so I asked her if I could tell them.  When I did I was told they would be right out.  My pasta came cold, and they call themselves an Italian Restaurant.  Im italian and I have never served cold pasta in my life.  The owner is rude and clueless.  When service isnt good the owner needs to step up to the plate and make it right or you lose a customer and they tell 8 out of 10 people.  Well I will be telling a whole lot more than 8 people.  Dont bother,  It is nothing like it used to be.
5	This amazing Italian joint is tucked away in a out of the way strip mall cloaked in an unrevealing store front that yeilds no clue as to the amazing deliciousness you will find inside. Despite it's nonspectacular exterior inside you will find warm scrumptous, chewy, fragrant bread with excellent olive oil on the table.  The food is spectacular and the service attentive. Even with its out of the way location the place was packed at 530 when we stopped. We had pizza, a sausage calzone, pesto gnocchi, pesto fettucini and the chicken angelo. All were perectly prepared not to heavy very flavorful. Highly Recommended!!!!!
5	Their lunch special (pizza and a soda 6.99) Is a life saver. I eat here all the time with the girls from Stevee Danielle Hair and Makeup.  Whenever I'm there getting any services I make sure I stop by my favorite italian place for some of their great pizza. Their calamari is delicious as well ! After writing this review I feel like I might need to go get some :p
5	The only bad thing I can say about this place is THEY DO NOT DELIVER!  Such a bummer.  But the pizza is sooo good!  I had a few slices of the veggie pizza which included artichokes, onions, tomatoes and feta cheese!  We ordered 2 extra large pizzas and they were bigger then my wingspan. The fried zucchini was perfect! I did not dine in only takeout, but the place was pretty busy for a thursday night.  The pizza was ready for us when we got there and they staff was speedy with checking us out!  I usually don't eat pizza but on a drunken night, this place was great!  I will be back when I have another night like the last!
5	15% of my reviews are 5 stars.  Don's is one of them.Absolutely Outstanding on every level.  Serious! Ignore the "hater" reviews.  This is one of those out of the way Vegas places that pleases you to the point of goose bumps.  Again... Serious!Sitting with my wife and two children, 13yo & 11yo, and looking around after the meal I had this warm fuzzy feeling in my gut that's hard to explain.Ambiance.  Outside walking in?  Not so good.  Strip mall parking lot... ick!  However, you enter a new world once inside.  Checkerboard tablecloths?  Check!  Open kitchen for viewing?  Check!   Clean, warm, Mediterranean atmosphere?  Double Check!  The photos attached above are good and give an indication of what you're going to encounter but once you're there, it's even better.  A LOT better!The good vibes were flowing through me upon entering and only went through the roof from there.  I read some of these reviews and still went there.  Bad service and rude employees?  Puh-LEEEZ!  Over the top and out of control NICE and POLITE to the extent that an off duty waitress chatted with us Montanan's for 20 minutes when she could have been en route home.Before I get to the Pizza, I'll start with the Sausage & Peppers in gravy (red ragu).  Our kids normally wouldn't touch this dish.  We couldn't keep them off it.  Even the pepers and onions they were all over.  Good thing I didn't tell them what they were eating LOL =]That dish was delicious and we treated it like an appetizer.  Not spicy at all which at first disappointed me but later I appreciated it for what it was.  A tad sweet with a tangy aftertaste.  Wonderful.The pizza however is off the hook (I'm 46 so it's really something for me to use this phrase).  It doesn't matter what pizza you order.  The secret is in the dough and crust of the pizza.Most may not recognize greatness when they taste and chew it.  This crust is the best you can get bar none.  Here's the test.... when your pizza arrives and is hot out of the oven, take a slice an place in on your plate.  Before you dive into the section with all the toppings, rip off an enormous hung of the back end of dough that doesn't have any cheese, sauce or toppings on it.  As you bite in to the crust, you'll enjoy that wonderful sensation of "crunch" from the outer shell of the crust but that's not from being over cooked.  There's no crumbling of dough to the table from your mouth like a piece of dry toast.  The crunch is the result of a masterfully designed crust that is followed by a chewyness that only bubble gum can compete with.You can't appreciate the crust with all the cheese and toppings on it so try it before you dive in to the heart of your slice just to see how how good it is.  Then, when you attack the pizza you ordered you'll have more appreciation for the pizza as a whole instead of judging it solely on the toppings and cheese which may, or may not be up to your standards.  Let's face it:  Every pizza place chooses different types of cheeses and toppings of varying quality.  My type of pizza sausage does not match what some restaurants decide to serve.  That's not their fault.But I digress....  You want a good pizza?  Come here and order one.  And go simple.  Choose a topping or two that you love, try the crust before digging in, then enjoy a spectacular meal the likes of which are hard to find in the pizza world.
4	I liked this place. The servers were super friendly and nice-the ambience was great and the food was good too. I loved the sausage and the pizza was good too. I would definitely return.
4	Our family went to eat at Don Antonios on Durango, on 4/28/13 and I thought it was great. Although, they didn't have any kids cups with lids. Most restaurants try to be kid friendly, but this was the first place that didn't have them. An employee eventually brought us some togo cups with lids and that worked. The food was good and the service was okay. They weren't selling liquor yet but they looked like they were on their way. A great restaurant so far, but not as kid friendly as most basic restaurants.
4	Not bad.  The lunch specials are a good value.  Ordered bruschetta to start, and it was amazing. I ordered the cheese lasagna lunch special, and made a point to make sure there was no meat inside, nor was there any meat in the sauce as I am a vegetarian. When my lasagna arrived it was covered with meat sauce. My server immediately took it back to the kitchen and not five minutes later arrived with a fresh piece of lasagna sans the meat (sauce). I double checked the inside and lo and behold - pieces of sausage were nestled in between the folds of cheese and pasta.  When I brought this to her attention, she said she would have another one made for me. By this point my boyfriend was already halfway through his meal, and I was a little frustrated so I declined and asked her to just charge me my drink and salad that was included in the lunch special. She returned with a piece of tiramisu (also very good), and the check which had my lunch order omitted, so I was appreciative of both gestures. I would have given a five star review, but the two mix ups deterred me. However, I do appreciate the efforts taken to rectify the situation, and what food I did eat was good. So I will more than likely return and give them another shot.
1	to first start out by saying that I do enjoy the food at this restaurant, and what happened to me could have happened in my own kitchen, and it is the customer service and how I was handled that led to this 1 star review. I got food poising from eating the Italian wedding soup. It was the first time that I had ever eaten it, and I decided to try something new. I didn't get to eat my eggplant Parmesan which is what I normally order cause I got full off of the soup.  I work on call and got called into work. I left the restaurant around 4 pm. I arrived at work around 7pm. My stomach started bothering about 30 minutes before, but I didn't feel totally bad so I went to start my shift. around 7:15 pm I started throwing up and didn't stop until the ambulance showed up at my job and gave me anti nausea meds in an IV. The next day I called the restaurant to report what happened. I call to speak with the manager after spending the night in the hospital to voice what happened and my first call was ill received by the waitress that took my first message. After I called three days later to speak with the manager. I got blown off saying that they would have the owners contact me and they never returned my call. Since I wasn't insured. I missed a night of work. The hospital and ambulance is billing me for $5000. Needless to say I will not be eating there again. But since no one that we know of reported getting sick but me. It was an isolated incident, and one I won't forget. What I was hoping for was an apology, and at least an offer to find out what happened. They didn't even ask if I were alright, and if I had any info from the hospital on what happened, and if they should be concerned.
4	We decided to try this place because they were close and had a good rating on Yelp. We ordered a pepperoni pizza to go and it was ready in about 25 mins. The crust was just doughy enough and a little crispy on the outside - it was excellent. The toppings tasted very fresh and were equally good. The sauce wasn't really to our liking; it seemed they had way too much oregano because we tasted it the next day! Overall, the pizza was very good and we will go there again - maybe we will just skip the sauce!
1	Horrible long waits for take out.  Poor service & organization.  Gave them three chances.  They blew it long ago.
4	If I could eat Italian food everyday and not look like Honey Boo Boo's mom than I would. But, I can't. If I could Don Antonio's would be in my weekly rotation. They are killing it over here!Whatever you do you must get the garlic knots. Hands down the best I've ever had. Also a fan of the Italian Wedding soup they make from scratch here. Pizza is decent, too although I can't rate it in my top five. I need to give them another try at that. Pasta dishes are incredible. The gravy is well developed in taste and texture. Definitely would like to try more like the eggplant or chicken parm. Service is friendly, too.Overall a great place to dine in the neighborhood. You can tell because on any given night it will be packed with locals. If Italian food is your thing or good food is your thing than this is a great restaurant to check out. Just don't kiss me with that garlic breath.On a side note I feel I need to create a new list called: GARLIC BREATH and/or TOOTIE BOOTY. That way people will know that if you are meeting your online date for the first time these places may not be the best idea. Unless your date is like me and encourages garlic consumption. Sexy time is second place to garlic. That is all.
1	I'm not sure if it was a off night but I had very high hopes for this place, according to the reviews. We were about a party of 20 and while I didn't have to pay for the food, I was extremely disappointed. The server was very rude, she seemed like she'd rather be somewhere else. She didn't come around again for more drink refills and the food was cold.I tried the chicken parm, which tasted old and it was cold. Also a rigatoni that was so over cooked. I was there from 6-8pm and there were only about 2 or 3 tables occupied. That says it all.
4	I have been eating at Don Antonio's since they opened. They were a big hit back then and then they switched to DeMarcos (and the quality went down) because of some personal issues of the owner. Then he came back and it improved a lot but the owner still seems a little distracted and its not as good now as it once was. Sometimes I think they are a little short handed in the kitchen. All of that said, they have some really great lunch specials and their pizza rules.
4	I will give this rating a 4 because thats where I am when I think of this restaurant. We have been eating here for years and we love the food. The problem is the leadership at this restaurant. We eat here almost weekly and 90% of the time we have an excellent meal and 30% of the time we have great service. I hate that it is so hit and miss. The food is quality and the recepes are excellent. We were there last night and the place was packed (not the usual). There was one waitress and Tom the cook. The waitress was getting drink orders and my son was thinking. The waitress said, "Hey I am the only one here so what are you going to have". We should have walked then. My wifes order, ham calzone with no ricotta cheese lightly cooked, was completly wrong. We received a sausage calzone with ricotta cheese over cooked. There was no way we could wait for another one. They took it off our bill. Tom came by to explain how he gave our order to someone else but he did not seem as pissed off as I would have been if I owned the place and now 2 customers had wrong orders.Why do we continue to go back? We still beleive that this can be a really great place if they got quality wait staff and proper coverage in the kitchen. They need one of those restaurant make over shows to come in. They start putting chairs up on tables an hour before they close while customers are still eating. They seem to be out of more and more items on the menu. The wait staff is all part time and do not have the passion or the experience to serve. The kitchen staff, Tom, is over worked and is a heart attack waiting to happen. Tom, stay in the kitchen. That is where your strength is. Hire a proper restaurant manager who knows how to serve the customer. You will be packed every night! I hope everyone gives this place a try or a retry because they get it right most of the time. I will continue to eat there and be more outspoken until they get it right all of the time.
3	I'm no Italian food seeker nor connoisseur, but I found myself here with some friends. This place is basically deserted when we were there. It's large, kept unnecessarily warm, and has all tables covered in checkerboard tablecloth - as expected.I think I set my bar too low for these spots because I was kind of, in a way, to some degree, pleasantly surprised. Like all Italian spots, this serves every item you think it has. All mediocre just like anywhere else. It's like your average Mexican spot. Everything on the menu you already knew before you got there and you had your bar set. Between all of us, there were some garlic knots, a large pizza, and a plate of chicken with a sort of lemon sauce, and a few potatoes with broccoli.First of all, everything came out very slowly. I'm not sure if it's just very... fresh? Or they're just slow. Garlic knots were garlic knots. The pizza was a pizza - and thankfully the crust was nice and crispy. Otherwise, it's just a pizza. They probably did make it pretty fresh. The chicken plate actually came with two breasts. The veggies were overcooked by quite a bit. Soggy and wilted. The chicken was not ruined, but close.Service was also slow. For this, sweating from lack of AC, and generally average food - an average rating it is. I'm sure if you like your Italian food, you already know where to go.
2	Iceberg lettuce, really?  Four squares of tomatoes. I got five kalamata olives and my companion got one.  That's it.  Saddest salad ever!  Sandwich buns warmed in the oven passed as "fresh bread from the oven".   At least the garlic knots were decent, although piled with way too much garlic.  I used to love the marinara, but now it just tasted canned and doctored up with some oregano and garlic.  The entrees were a little better.... Linguine and clams and fettucine carbonara. Although still not up to par with what used to be one of my favorite neighborhood spots.  Service was friendly, albeit slow paced. Won't be going back any time soon :-(
5	This is a quaint place. Had the best Pizza!!! Had entertainment Bert Lynch fantastic. Had a great time. Everyone should come down and have dinner and listen to the music you won't be disappointed.
1	This is a place we will not give a second chance.  This place was chosen by my neice for my sisters birthday.  My neice called & told them how many we would be & what time we would arrive.  I was the first to arrive & the lady who met me at the door who also turned out too be our server, my neice was supposed to call back & give her an exact number.  When my neice arrive she again repeated this to which my neice said she did call & tell them a definite number.  Either way, nothing was set up for us & they had to put tables together so we could be seated.As soon as we sat down we were immediately told they were out of Calamari, Ribs, Veal & something else, REALLY??? Someone obviously does not know how to manage the supply of this place.  The place was not real crowded but there were a few other tables seated.  We watched her run around for a while & finally I asked if I can order a drink.  She said yes, took a few drink orders & left without asking anyone else.  After I got my drink at least 10 minutes passed before she came back & asked everyone else if they wanted a drink.  Drinks were ordered & then some asked for bread.  WELL, we were told bread was $1 a loaf unless we ordered food & then it would come with our dinner, REALLY???Almost 15 more minutes passed before she came back & asked if we were ready to order.  We ordered our food & our server decided instead of offering us the choice of soup or salad, she would just bring two big salads to the table.  Two people wanted soup instead of salad & this really annoyed our server.  Also some people asked for straws because they were not offered with the drinks to which she went & grabbed a handful & threw them on the table.  NICE TOUCH!!!  The salads came along with the soup but still NO BREAD.  As we were finishing the salad, one person in our party asked if we were going to get bread & she said it was in the oven.  The bread finally came just before the food came out & the next disaster began.  Some of the food was over cooked, some asked for vegetables, no pasta or potatoes & this request was totally ignored.  Supposedly they have a Potato/Broccoli mix, well SURPRISE, they were out of Broccoli so a tiny bit of spinach was substituted with the potatoes that several DID NOT AsK FOR.The entire night you had to ask for refills as they were not automatic & after the food came out some big guy roaming around looking lost came to our table to ask if everything was ok?  We told him it was as he looked clueless & nothing would be accomplished by telling him anyway.  We watched him walk around & just chat with people at tables never offering to bring more drink or anything.  There were two servers, one seemed to be stuck with all the tables in the place with the other occasionally helping but when asked for more drinks, she brought one out & then went in back & started yelling for our server???  TEAM WORK is not part of this place that is for sure.  Once all the plates were taken off the table, two plates with cannoli's were brought & literally just dropped on the table with a, "I decided to just bring the table cannoli's instead of taking desert orders".  Nothing was offered to my sister for her birthday, no candle nothing.   Finally at the end my sister who I guess has been here been her before asked the two servers who owned this place & what was the issue.  They said one of the owners is still a guy named Tony, but he took 3 or 4 days off for the first time in years.  Well if this place can go to crap with ONE of the owners gone, Tony should consider getting new partners.  The entire experience made you feel like family they had no desire seeing or coming over for dinner.  Even if things were a little shaky with Tony gone, unless Tony is the only one who cooks, there is no excuse for OVERCOOKED  food.  The cooks should cook the same every night.  The clueless guy did come & talk to my wife about her overcooked burnt chicken & after she explained the issue, he said I will take care of this.  They took her dish off our bill.OH, the BEST PART  OF THE NIGHT, just as we were finishing our dinner food, a table of about 6 came in & sat behind us.  After they ordered they were told that the there was NO MORE CHICKEN, they had run out of CHICKEN???  REALLY???  This is one of the main items on the menu as there are several chicken dishes.  We were told this was a slow period for them & they BLEW IT.. IF the service can be this frightening with 6 or 7 items off the menu because they ran out, the busy high times must really suck for this place.  Then the bill came & 20% was added for tip automatically into the bill.  This was service, food or experience warranting a 10% tip.  They are going to charge you 20% which actually is now against the law or soon to be & charge you for a basket of bread.  This is a place going down hill fast.First and LAST time coming here for me.
5	They have closed :(We loved this place and I went there for dinner week and it was dark. What a shame. They had wonderful food at great prices. I will miss this place!!!!!!!
1	I'm pretty sure it's CLOSED.Rode by tonight and saw several legal documents taped to the door. Usually not a good sign. Too bad. This place ruled at one time.The Don is gone......?
