2	I was here for a wine tasting event, so keep that in mind.HOWEVER (and it's a big one) I think you can tell a lot about a place in how they treat somebody holding an event there. It's in the details, methinks, and Terrior didn't do such a hot job in hosting about 35 wine tasters. They ran out of food right away and were incredibly slow in replenishing. In fact, I think they brought out 2 trays of food the entire 3 hours of the wine tasting event. I managed to taste a small slice of their pizza, along with some cheese. Maybe the event organizers and the venue disagreed, but the cheeses were suppose to be from Europe. They ended up being your run-of-the-mill cheese: jack, swiss and chedder. And the fruit they were paired with were - shocking! - Granny Smith apples and crunchy pears. Oh, and also slices of plain white bread. Meh. The tasting was suppose to introduce 4 new blends. Again, I think the organizers of the event and the venue must've disagreed. For the two whites that were served were not exactly what was advertised. And they weren't good, on top of that. I had the one with the Viogner blended in, and I took one sip and put it down. That's when I decided to try the red blends. Uhm, they were mediocre. If this is what the venue presents to impress wine tasters, then they should re-consider. Seriously. I finally manged to find a red blend I liked, but then they ran out of wine! Seriously... I didn't pay $25 to come to an event for only one glass of wine! Since my friends and I weren't able to snag some food at the event, we ordered their cheese tray. They would customize the cheeses - at a price. So we went with their standard, which, like I said, came with Granny Smith apples, pears and dry bread. Ugh. So not impressed.This place boasts about being unpretentious and a place for the everyday wine drinker who doesn't know much about wine. Well, even if that's the case, please learn to do a better job at hosting events and presenting a cheese tray that doesn't make everyone at the table scoff and grumble with disappointment.REDEEMING QUALITIES: *The interior of the "wine pub" is small yet homey. *They have two separate patio areas. *Their bottles for sell are reasonably priced (you can get a great pinot noir for $20). *They do sell beer here. A pretty wide selection at that. *You can join their Beer Club and/or Wine Club for a monthly fee.
2	So I saw the reviews... and thought.... it can't be that bad?They have a large list of wine by the glass, but they are mostly in the $12-$15 per glass range... and nothing special. I was there with a friend and ordered a bruschetta appetizer... I should have taken a picture. There were 4 cracker size crostinis with a tiny piece of mozzarella, a couple little basil pieces, and a half a cherry tomato on each, for $9. Each piece was almost a mouthful. Come on guys... it's a bruschetta, not sashimi. For $9.00 you can do a little better than nearly 4 small bites, where each piece isn't even a mouthful. They were TINY. Where did they even GET these crostini? From the fucking Keebler elves? On the upside the staff was nice and they were willing to turn on a heat lamp outside for just the two of us. And the "Marilyn Merlot" posters in the men's room were pretty spiffy. The wine was OK, but nothing special and way over priced by the glass. The Bruschetta was tasty but tiny and overpriced. The 2 stars are because it was not a good value. I am not a cheapskate and don't mind paying for tasty vittles... but I like to feel like it's worth it. In this case, sadly, I didn't.
5	I love this place! They have a couple of things going for them...they sell wine by the bottle to take home, they have a cheese/meat case where you can select your own snacks, and the staff is great. In particular, they have an amazing bottle of Pinot. I would rank it as the best Pinot I have ever had...I can't recall the name, because after 2 bottles, I can rarely recall my man-friend's name. The only thing I know about it is that its sealed with wax...red wax. Sexy right? Just try it...you won't be disappointed. The last two times that me and my man-friend Dave have been here, we have had some fun discussions with the bartender, who is always more than attentive to our needs. After picking out our favorite piece of brie and some meats, they take it all into the back and serve our treats with fresh olives/olive oil, and lots of bread. Yum! I've not had anything off the menu, and personally prefer to pick out my own cheeses/meats. So I would pass on the menu and hit the case instead. Beware of the "Scottsdale" type crowd though...some people take themselves too seriously. We have seen some odd things happen at the bar here...anything from what we believe to be "swingers" to again (what we believe to be) female escorts. So mix that with some great cheese and even better wine...does life get more entertaining? I think not!
4	"Terroir" is a French term that is used most frequently to describe the characteristics of a group of vineyards in a given region.In a more literal sense it means "a sense of place"...it's more about a mood and environment... it's almost purely subjective and qualitative of the feeling you get when you are in the right place and everything about that place is as it should be:)I like that appellation for the sweet little wine bar on Scottsdale Rd:)If you've never quite felt at home in a wine bar, this might be the place for you to find your "terroir":)Terroir Wine Pub has "savoir-faire" ...a certain je ne sais quoi...both comfortable and welcoming that feels right to me:) Terroir is not swank...it's not "Euro", it's eclectic as hell, from the art on the walls to the "open mike" nightsI am not a wine connoisseur (or "oenophile", for those of you counting on me to overtax both my high school French and my vocabulary skills:), but I can always find something that I like to drink at Terroir, along with small plates (fromage, olives and nuts, saumon and bruschetta) and some interesting conversation.Decent wine selections and decent prices:)I've also found talent at Terroir!I had no idea that there are so many talented people around!The Beautiful Carin and I have been to a couple of Open Mike nights here and we went to special event a few nights ago (showcasing the extremely talented Sarah Jolly...WOW, can this girl sing a song!!:-)Sarah was terrific! She writes most of her own songs, and sings and plays the guitar...a musical polymath!Give Terroir a try...be open to the adventure...listen to some of the very talented people sing and play...have a glass or three of a decent pinot and find your own terroir:)
4	Went to Terroir with co-workers a couple of weeks ago.  We had just finished Pinot Noir training (tough job, I know) and had a couple of hours before our shift.  Terroir was close by and I had never been.  Really glad we went!  I had the hummus plate, which was good--good portion, good hummus.  Then we each had a bruschetta plate and shared--the Manhattan, the Toscani and the Phoenix.  All were fabulous, the Phoenix (cream cheese, fig, and proscuitto) was my favorite.  I had a nice sauvignon blanc, whose name I cannot recall, but came recommended by my server.  Service (Ryan and Sean) was really good.  All in all, I really liked Terroir--good wine, good food and laid back  atmosphere.  We'll be heading over tomorrow after Sauvignon Blanc training (tough job, I know).  :o)
4	Nice, relaxing place with a patio that is dog-friendly (a huge plus in my book).  We enjoyed a wine flight and cheese plate while sitting on the patio with the pooch today - great way to spend an afternoon!
2	Over the years, i have popped in about a 1/2 dzn times.  I keep thinking that somehow it may change, for the better, but that never happens.Never once have i been made to feel very welcomed.Wines by the retail bottle are over-priced by 20-40% more than what I purchace them for at Phoenix Wines.It's too bad they have such expensive wines by the glass and th 'cheese plate' is Ridiculously priced - you can pick out your cheese from the fridge.  (I think a chunk of cheese and some crackers were $17 last time).It's a shame because they have a GR8 location & a nice cozy outdoor patio, but I just can't find myself relaxed nor able to enjoy myself when I get fleeced or find it not worth paying these price, esp. when for MUCH less I can go to a hundred other lounges or resorts or up-scale bars for much better service & atmosphere.Sorry guys,but I really did try you - again & again - always to no avail :-(
4	I have to say I love this place.  The fact that it's around the corner from my house doesn't hurt but I'm a bit baffled by the haters here.  Expensive?  Are you kidding?It's unpretentious, friendly and they have a great selection of wines by the glass - and a 10 ounce pour to boot.  The servers are super friendly and there's never any pressure to order anything.  More of a casual European feel.I can't comment on the food - we have never eaten anything here.  But if you're looking for a nice friendly little bar where you can have a giant glass of excellent wine for ten bucks, you will be very happy here.
4	Large delicious glass of wine and a great atmosphere with live music. Plenty of seating. Could not ask for much more!
5	I really like this place, for numerous reasons.  It has the most unique atmosphere.  It actually reminds me of a review I wrote for Ganem Jewelers because there is this duality that is interesting to me.  Normally for me, "wine bar" would invoke thoughts of pretentious sommelier wanna-be type people.  But these guys are pretty down to earth, tattoos and all.  They have somehow created this atmosphere of cool by the unique blend of class along with a little "bad boy" thrown in.I went for Happy Hour...a $7.00 glass of pretty good wine...and generous pourings (is that a word?) made me a very happy customer.I cannot wait to try this place again over a Friday/Saturday.
4	Bottom line- Decent wine selection, generous pours, with a laid back atmosphere I have stopped in several times with family and have not left disappointed.  Typically we come late Sunday afternoon 3-4 pm.  The place is quite and the waitstaff is laid back, but friendly.  The chairs are comfortable and the wine pours are VERY generous.  All major pluses!  Easy place to kick back, put your "feet up" and chat.  I love the cheese and bruschetta plates! They compliment a lot of the wines perfectly.  Great place to stop in savor a drink and munch on the wonderful finger food :)
5	I love this place.  It's a great little wine bar right near my house, which means I can have that one extra glass before the end of the night.  The wine list isn't huge, but changes frequently and has a lot of variety.  Wines by the glass aren't cheap, but the pours are VERY generous, which makes it well worth the money.  The atmosphere is laid back, and the couches are great for relaxing and hanging out.
3	I was a tad disappointed in this place.  The patio is beautiful, the wine selection great and the pour is very generous... but you pay for it! I went by myself on a weekday afternoon scoping places for when my girlfriends from Minnesota join me here.   I loved the patio, the seats were very comfy, I enjoyed the wine and I enjoyed my couple hours there in holiday mode. I ordered a half fruit/cheese/baguette plate.  Lovely.  Lots of fruit/cheese/baguette that I had to box up.  I enjoyed both wines I had.  I was a bit put off when my phone rang just as the server came outside to bring me my wine and started talking to me as I answered my phone.  He heard my phone ring, he saw me answer it and still interrupted the call as if he completely ignored the phone call came in. There was no one else on the patio, it was not busy.  I ended my call.  I should not have to end my call.  He should have either come back or waited the couple seconds for my call to end.So, I had my 2nd glass of wine and then never saw a server again.   After an hour, I went inside to pay my bill.  No one came out to see if I wanted another glass of wine.  No one checked on me.   I was looking at this place to bring a couple of girlfriends. Inside, there were quite a few people around the bar, obviously regulars.  It appeared I interrupted them to pay my bill (never mind I was interrupted when I had a phone call, but the non-busy server couldn't wait two seconds for my call to end).  For two glasses of wine and a half fruit/cheese/baguette plate, it was $40.  YIKES!  I expect a meal for that.  The menu was disappointing.. It is more snack, picking food than anything substantive if you are hungry.  Very nice place, I enjoyed my time on the patio, but it is not on my list to take my girlfriends.  i found a couple other places with much better value and far better service.  My food was brought promptly, but it seems like they forgot about me after that.
4	Like this place.  The inside does look like a pub to some degree but with hints of wine bar throughout.  The wine list was nice and different.  The patio was cool at night with the misters.  Just be careful because one of the couches gets soaked.  Good service.  A nice wine bar option in scottsdale.
4	Other than 5th and Wine this is one of the best wine bars I've been to in Scottsdale. It's quiet, relaxing, and a great place to enjoy good wine and good company. The prices are fair, and the selection of wine is robust. We had a blend called Prisoner and it was simply amazing and not overly priced either. In addition to their extensive wine selection they have a decent food menu as well. The selection of food is not as good as 5th and Wine, but is great for an appetizer or snack. I will definitely be adding this to my short list of wine bars to frequent.
4	Great wine bar - good list ... I ordered the Chateau Smith cab. Unfortunately, there wasn't enough to classify as a complete glass (very generous pours!) so they offered to give me another half glass of something else (a very generous half glass!). My friend and I wanted a small bite of something. We ordered the cheese plate to split, and the waiter suggested that we get only a half order - he was right! The cheese was piled on the plate, maybe not the most high end but it worked.
3	Nice neighborhood wine bar.  Big pours.  Not much in the way of food.
4	Other recent reviews are spot on. Chilled neighbourhood wine pub. Good prices, good pour, interesting list.
4	Terroir is a cute little spot for sipping wine and beer. It's hidden in the back of the plaza on Indian Bend and Scottsdale road. While my date didn't work out too well I at least found a new watering hole worth re-visiting.
4	Kicked back, friendly crowd, good wine, good fare, reasonable prices.  By far my favorite little spot in Scottsdale to grab a glass and some bites with my gal pals. The staff are incredibly friendly, and unpretentious - a rare thing in Scottsdale (and they remember your name!).  Great selection of wines to choose from, and if you aren't sure what to get, the staff is well versed to provide a recommendation.  OH, and the the pours are not skimpy :-)
5	Its great to walk into a place and be greeted right away, and when you return they remember you.  Customer service is a lost art in most establishments, not at Terroir.The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the wines they carry and they will let you taste what they are pouring by the glass if you are having trouble making a decision.  The cheese selection is great and the staff will recommend what goes with your wine.Great wines, comfortable seating, great atmosphere, wifi, fantastic patio, and you can bring your dog, can't beat it.
5	Love this place!  Terroir has a classy elegance with a down-home down-to-earth vibe. They often have live music or dj (sophisticated music, not loud) which adds to spice to the place.Service is efficient and friendly. Like another reviewer stated, the servers/bartenders will remember you and talk to you as much or as little as you'd like. They make you feel at home and comfortable. The other patrons at the bar are oftena also friendly and will join in chit-chat if you want to make friends.Their HH wines are always $7 and huge pours! LOVE THEM! In addition I have eaten some of their food. Its pretty tasty and flavorful, just wish they had more salads and healthy choices to choose fromThe biggest downside of this place is that it is not located closer to my house in Oldtown. If it was, I would own a stool and never leave. :)
5	Awesome local's wine bar with great selection, generous pours, and friendly staff and patrons. They sometimes partner with local food trucks or restaurants to offer food, which is definitely worth checking out.
5	Love my boys at Terroir!  Dan, Chris and Sean!
4	Great prices on bottles or by the glass. Yummy "small plate" offerings. Staff is knowledgeable & willing to offer a taste if you're not sure about a wine selection. Love their outdoor seating arrangement...comfy chairs & couches along with friendly (but not intrusive) staff make for a relaxing experience.
4	My wife and I have stopped by this place several times. Great patio, deep pours, great selection, not pretentious AT ALL.  For Scottsdale this place fits a niche that is awesome. A cool little spot that doesn't think too much of itself, kick back have some fun and relax... This is a cool spot indeed.
5	I went here for a drink after work with a friend and absolutly reccomend it!  They have a great wine selection, appetizers only, relaxing music and the patio is wonderful.  Perfect place for grabbing a casual drink!
4	Readers should trust that the pours here are very large after so many reviews contain the same feedback. Come for the pour alone, and stay for a nice selection of wine. If you aren't sure what to order, an employee will be happy to offer thoughts or maybe a taste. Food was pretty good but not great. Our group of six enjoyed the cheese, though it was more in quantity than quality, as well as a charcuterie plate. The environment is quite casual, and as sociable as you'd like. At least as much seating available outside as inside.
5	What a fantastic little place.  Apparently, it's been around for years but I never knew it existed.  Definitely a fun place for a nice flight, some light snackage and Scottsdale people watching.  A pig walks into a bar...  No, really.  A pig walked in while we were there.  The pig was on a leash with it's owner and they strolled around the patio and inside the pub.  I got the feeling the pig was a frequent customer and probably has a more refined palate than I do.
5	I love this place.  The staff is amazing and the vibe is cool.  The private tasting area is pretty sweet too.  There are always a lot of great events happening here. I will be back many times!
4	This is a fabulous wine bar and they have a great selection of wines to choose from! the Pours are on the generous side and the cheese and fruit plate was very good to go with it. The atmosphere is casual and has couches and chairs and outdoor patio to sit on! would highly recommend for date night or meeting friends for a drink!
5	This is one of my favorite Scottsdale wine bars. Very chill and casual atmosphere, friendly service, non-pretentious, good pours and the prices are reasonable. They also have a cute patio that's perfect when the weather is nice. Great wine selection and a pretty good appetizer menu as well.
2	Wine Selection was good, no Moscato but the Riesling was another good choice. Other reviewers were spot on with the generous pour!The location was easy to find and the bar was very nicely done. My friend and I even ordered the Cheese and Fruit plate, which was nothing extraordinary as far as cheeses go, but it was chilled and the fruit was fresh.Under normal circumstances I wouldn't write any review unless I had something nice to say, but all of these positives were outweighed by an unfriendly employee. I was here for a "Vino and Canvas" event (which is a LOT of fun) so we got there early, ordered our wine and food, paid at the bar, and meandered into the little room set aside for our event. The young lady at the bar was taciturn and unhelpful (we just assumed it was nothing personal and she was just busy) but the gentleman there was helpful as far as wine goes, even letting me have a taste to be sure what I wanted to order. Neither of them checked on our group during the two hour event, but this is understandable considering they were pretty busy for a Sunday afternoon. As we were leaving though, the young lady at the bar stopped my friend and told her she still had to pay. My friend reminded her that we had paid and had even asked her to change a $20 bill when she returned with our change from the tab. She insisted that the tab was not closed out and my friend still owed her money. She was rude and confrontational and left a bad taste in our mouths after an event that was otherwise incredibly fun. I try to be understanding because I have worked in retail, but there is a way to approach a situation like this without getting nasty about it. It's possible she was just having a bad day but first impressions really do make a difference.I would definitely do another of these events but my friend and I will think twice if it is being held here. There are many nice wine bars in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I see no need to go to one with unfriendly staff.
4	Went here tonight for the first time and had a very enjoyable experience.  I love how laid back this place is (for Scottsdale standards) and our server was genuinely nice.  Great wine, reasonable prices, good pours.
5	I'm a wine idiot.  Seriously.  I'm just clueless.  I have always been a beer guy.  So why does Terroir Wine Pub get 5 stars...?  Because they don't care what kind of wine experience I bring to the pub.  All they have ever cared about is that I'm comfortable and having a good time.  No pressure, condescending attitude or pretense.  Heck, they even serve some pretty good beers.The bottom line...  They know everything there is to know about wine but they're as low key and humble as it gets (while still pulling off a unique, tasteful and sophisticated experience).I live in San Diego but whenever I get out to Scottsdale I try my best to drop in.  Good times are guaranteed.
5	What a great place!!!! We loved it! Met friends there on a weekday night around 6pm, place was busy but they had lots of outdoor comfy seating with covers and misters.Wine flight are $10 on Thursdays.,yummy selection! Food was good, not great,but service was very good.  Wine is the main staple here. Loved it and will definitely return!
4	Fun & friendly neighborhood wine bar. Beer too. Limited food in house but may be OK to bring in. Live music & open mic every Wed. Wine from around the world.
5	Great place with great wine.  I am a regular and always look forward to coming here for a Red Zin.   They always have one by the glass and it's always a treat to see which one they picked to pour!   As soon as the weather is a bit better, the patio is great.
5	beautiful on the inside and out. we went with our dogs and sat on the patio. they brought out bowls of water and doggie biscuits. the food is delicious. I had the riviera flat bread which is like an artichoke bell pepper pizza and so good, along with a glass of moscato (spelling that wrong I'm sure) and my boyfriend had the cheese and salami plate, also totally delicious. Our bill came out to $37 without tax and tip.the only negative thing I have to say is that there was someone sitting on the patio smoking a cigar and it smelled just awful, I guess that's the price of sitting outside?but other than that I really liked this place and their food and service.
5	There really isn't a better place to drink wine than Terrior. It is such a fun neighborhood place. They have the best wine selection and even do wine flights for just $15. The patio is really nice and also dog friendlyThey have lots of fun events also. Anything from trivia night to vino and canvas.The best part of Terrior is the wine club though. For $30 a month they will hand select 2 wines for you that are never a miss. Terrior is a must try! LoveIt!!!
4	This place is solid. Wish they had a little more going on in the food department, but save for that...love pretty much everything, great staff, great wine, great patio. Perfect weather for it right now too.  Casual cool. No wine snobbery stank, like a lot of wine bars have. My buddy came with me, and though he normally hates this kind of scene, I sold him with the fact that the owner called it a Wine PUB for a reason. Just a seriously welcoming place. He was sold. Grab some grub first....but come here to wind down the rest of your night. Oh and big ass pours too. Gotta love that!
5	Any local spot who knows Tobin James product is alright in my book! I'm glad we were introduced to Terroir on a quiet Saturday night. The atmosphere was intimate and casual and the service was the best I've had in a while. Everything we ordered to snack on was great as well. I would recommend the Lavosh.
5	Awesome! But then again, it is exactly my kind of place. It is an average sized building but seating is a bit limited, as a lot of the space is taken up by wine bottles.  There is a great selection of wines including local and imported varieties and the staff is very knowledgeable about them.  The food is also very good. We ordered a bruschetta plate and it was phenomenal, very fresh and bursting with flavors it paired perfectly with the wine and was a fair sized portion. The atmosphere is what makes this place really great.  The lighting is dimmed but lit, there is a nice patio and the decor is classy, attire should be business-casual.  The tables are black high tops and there were a few couches and a large bar.  While we were there, there was an acoustic guitarist, no singing, just beautiful guitar serenading the air as we sipped wine, ate bruschetta and conversed easily. PERFECTION!
4	Stopped in here for a glass of wine and light bite before heading to a Yelp event up the street.   We walked in and were not greeted, despite the fact that it wasn't busy.  Everyone sort of just stared at us as we stood inside the entrance waiting for some direction as to whether or not we should seat ourselves.  Turns out seating was indeed patron's choice.   The bartender did, after a minute or two, tell us we could sit wherever we liked, and he followed us to a patio table with a couple of menus, which he placed on the table and then walked away.  He came back a few minutes later to take our order.  I had a Pinot Noir, my girlfriend had a Sauvignon Blanc, and we also ordered a plate of cheeses and meats and a couple of waters.  After that, the service improved and we were quite happy.  I have to say, the selection of by-the-glass wine is excellent, and they do not skimp on pours.  I was way impressed with the pours!   I hate it when I order a $10 glass of wine and get 2 ounces.  Don't have to worry about that at Terroir!   Further, the concept is neat.  You can drink by the glass, or you can select a bottle from their extensive cellar, and either take it home with you or pay a corkage and enjoy it there.  The cheese and meat plate, imo, was good.  The cheeses were all unique, fresh and tasty, as were the salamis.  The small plate was just about right for the two of us (we might have had a couple of pieces of cheese left over).   This place strikes me as sort of a neighborhood "Cheers" type of spot that locals frequent and everybody knows their name.  I am not a local to this part of town (live about 35 minutes away) so I can't say that this will be a frequent stop for me, but I'll come back for a pre-game glass of vino and accouterments when I have dining plans in the area, that's for sure.  Thanks for a fun happy hour for us!
4	I think this place was going to get 4 from me just for having a dog friendly patio with an awesome staff.  The wines were great and the tapas style plates were very good and I think priced appropriate for the quality.  The best thing here is that they retail their wines AND some of their meats/cheeses - if I lived closer this could be dangerous!  Great atmosphere and staff for a relaxing late lunch.
5	My wife and I visited this quaint wine bar on a weekday night.  We were lucky to have Sean take care of us as he suggested a few great wines for our 3 glass tastings.  After playing some chess and realizing we were the only patrons still there, we apologized to Sean and he was kind enough to sit and chat with us for a good half hour.  To close out the night Sean allowed to re-sample a splash of two different wines so my wife and I could agree on which bottle to take home with us.  With service like this I would come back anytime and would recommend to any local or traveler.
5	First timer and it won't be the last. One of my new favorites! Amazing, friendly staff and an incredible choice of wine! Appetizers are delicious too!
3	I flip-flop from 2 to 3 stars on this place, but it's hard because walking in there it doesn't look like a two or three star place. In fact I would say it's nicer than 5th and Wine just from the atmosphere yet every time I go there I feel like "Meh, if I never went here again I wouldn't be missing anything." Here's what I like: the decor/vibe is very trendy and cool. I love how towards the back of the space they have racks and racks of wine but it's not very inviting. Like, nobody really lingers there looking at the wine. It would be really cool if you asked for a recommendation if your server took you over there and showed you some wines. That way the space would be more incorporated into the experience and maybe more people would be mingling which would also add to it. On the subject of service, truthfully I think that's where this place really fails. They seem to only hire two types of servers- awkward with no social cues or annoyed that they have to talk to you because they have something more important to do. I think this place has potential and it's not bad by any means but it's just a little bit lack luster for the reasons above.
3	Chunky and me finished our date here just as this place was closing. Staff was nice enough to get us a drink as we sat down outside about seven minutes from the closing time. Luckily this date agreed to split the cost of her Scottsdale priced glass of wine which chimed in at 11 bucks for a glass. I don't care how nice the pour was, but i guess I'm just not much of a wine drinker normally. My Heineken was a reasonable $5,50 and they let us linger until about 9:20pm which was nice. Certain theme nights and happy hour might be better to try this place if your not living the Scottsdale high life.
4	Great place .. Love the selection , staff & location ...
5	Want to escape the throngs of people and escape to a simpler time... With wine. Then my friend this is the place for you. Such a small cozy restaurant, it has a great selection of plates to share and a pretty good happy hour. Don't forget to drop by on Wednesdays for open mic night with The talented Ms Sarah Chapman.
4	Love this locals spot.  Wine pours are generous...atmosphere cozy..nice patio. One of my favorite spots!
3	Good happy hour wine prices... $20 for a bottle, Great!The pizza appetizer was also very satisfying....The place and the staff were just kinda cold..... boring..... I just didn't get that fun, warm and fuzzy vibe I was expecting.
