5	This is the premier contemporary art gallery in the city.  I almost want to take one star away just because it is in Scottsdale, but I won't do that, it is just petty of me, kind of like most (not all) of the people who live in Scottsdale.  Anyhow, my wife works there, so it must be cool!  By the way, the opening for "The Border Film Project" is this Friday 10/13, you should all go, there will be booze!
4	Wonderful museum and a beautiful collection on contemporary art.  It was a great selection of diverse styles and mediums, I really enjoyed it.I visited specifically to see the Maya II art installation, little did I know it's not actually housed in the museum but viewable for free in the Center for the Arts lobby next door.-1 star because it's not big enough.  Get rid of the gift shop and hang more art!
4	To be honest, I only ever head to this museum for their SMoCA Nights, which are pretty cool if you haven't checked it out. if you go, break out your hipster gear or be prepared for some tight pants and too-pretty hair. but it's a cool way for local fashion designers, bands and street artists to get some exposure with a crowd that will enjoy their style -  it can be a lot of the same faces and artists, though...i feel like once i went to one, i couldn't expect anything different the next time or the time after that.but! it's a cool way to see the newest exhibits. which are are really innovative. i.e., an entire architecture firm (Eddie Jones) operating out one of the galleries for several weeks - they literally moved the entire office into the museum- and the Celebrity exhibit is really unique, i can't wait to see that.
4	This museum is a great fixture in the Southwest arts scene.  A little on the small side, but hey, can you believe this museum wasn't founded until 1999?!  With that said, it's a wittle baby in museum-years.  Considering most of the biggie modern art museums came into age in the 1930s and 1940s, this stark temple to modern art is quite a bold statement for our young state. Exhibits are edgy and provocative.  In the past year they had a Warhol retrospective, a Mayan-inspired art deconstruction, and a photo exhibit on illegal immigration. Thumbs up to the gift shop.  RAD chotchkie alert - kitschy and unique coffee table books, architecture and pop culture finds abound here.  I even got a friend some weiner dog salt/pepper shakers here!!PS - SMoCA Nights is a quarterly, kick-ass see and be seen event with pretty people galore, fashion, local artists, DJs, food, drink and art.   Kind of like a compressed First Friday but with more of a clubby feel.
4	I have to admit I was expecting more from SMoCA.  The only thing that the museum suffers from is it's size.  It's small and the jury is still out on whether or not that is a bad thing.  The exhibits I saw "space is the place" and a collection of modern masterpieces from a local families collection was very very impressive.  Flow throughout the gallery space was quite nice though leaves you wanting much more.  The architecture by Bruder is minimal and to the point which is quite refreshing.  If you visit don't snooze on the great James Carpenter Glass installation and the James Turrell skyscape on your left as you enter the museum.  The gift shop was nice and had some great art/design books.   I would've liked to pick up a "space is the place" poster but they didn't have any.  Definitely recommended for the quirky exhibits and of course the Turrell and Carpenter installations.  Wait...maybe I did get what I expected out of SMoCA.   My bad, SMoCA.
3	I really wanted to bring my friends to SMOCA while we were in AZ to show them the James Turrell piece.   I've seen the one in Seattle and spent over an hour there changing spots to see the change in light.  The main thing I noticed was that in Seattle, the "seat" is wood and in Phoenix, it was concrete.    Would be nice to see it during sunset.
5	I love small museum that pack a big punch S.M.O.C.A. delivers a hard conceptual hook. Yeah, the museum closes before one can truly experience Turrell piece but that's modern art for yea ! But what this museum has going for it - is that unlike major institutions that have to caterers to their collection - S.M.O.C.A.  can host cutting edge curatorial projects.Go, if your in the area...
4	I agree with Maria C. I was fascinated by the James Turrell piece. I tried to capture it with my camera phone (Shhhhh, don't tell anyone. I know I wasn't supposed to take pictures!) but that was impossible. I went to see it during the middle of the day so I was unable to witness it 20 minutes before and after sunset, like they recommended to do. I hope to go back while I am still in Phoenix. Back to the museum....My mother an I spent the afternoon at the Scottsdale Art Festival, a lovely, and really well organized event, I might add, held in and around the Scottsdale performing arts center and SMOCA. I was really excited to check out this museum to see how it compares to my beloved in LA. I am happy to announce that it is adorable. Well many would argue that "adorable" is not exactly the term most would use when describing the very conceptual world of modern art, but in this case it is appropriate. The museum occupies a space where an old movie theater once stood so there are 5 very oddly shaped rooms for the various exhibits. I really enjoyed the Turrell installation and the Car Culture exhibit they have going right now. Gorgeous venue, and a very gracious staff. Definite pluses in my book.
3	If you're looking to spend an hour somewhere, SMoCA is your place. If you prefer the museums that offer more space to wander and more art to gaze upon, SMoCa doesn't deliver. But, that doesn't mean you should discount it as an interesting place to go. I ventured here during my first summer in Phoenix, after I heard about a photography display that piqued my interest. The display was great, as was the Q&A session we walked in on when we first arrived. No matter how slowly you look at the exhibit, though, you can't spend a half-day here. This is not your destination. Rather, SMoCA is part of a day's experience. Meaning, after you're done walking through the one or two exhibits they have (no matter how interesting they may be), you'll have plenty of time to grab a coffee or margarita at Cafe Carumba, spy on pool beauties at Mondrian or camp out in the Non-fiction section of the Scottsdale Public Library. (Or better yet, jump on a free Scottsdale Trolley and ride around Scottsdale, opting to hop off and on at your discretion.)Basically, SMoCa is cool. It's true. It's worth going to. Yet, if you expect more, like I did, you'll be disappointed. "What now?" you may ask, after an hour has passed and you've seen everything there is to see here.
5	SMoCA is great. I take a bus load of HS students there every year and while small it packs their brains with questions and answers about art and society.A must see when ever you are in Scottsdale. The people at SMoCA get it right. They expose people to current art in a relaxed interesting setting.BTW if you only spend an hour at the SMoCA you are not looking at the artwork nearly long enough.
4	I'm giving SMoCA a four, even though I don't really like contemporary art very much.  I was looking to do something cultural on my last day in town and I didn't want to drive too far from where I was staying.  Anyway, I walked in to the huge gift shop (which takes up half the museum it seems) and no one waited on me.  Then, an art snob finally came out and took my money, but offered no advice about the museum.  I really enjoyed the photography exhibit by Callahan, Siskind, and Somner.  Recently, I've been with a student in a photography class and so it is interesting to see these new perspectives on photography, and not just the standard pictures I see everyday on facebook.  As much as I liked this part of the museum, I didn't really get the funny part of the museum.  There's supposed to be all these humorous exhibits like a family tree of grocery store icons (like if Mr. Clean and Aunt Jemima got married, what would happen, etc.), a burrito stand that has a note that reads "Make your burrito.  I split.  signed Lupe," and two police officer mannequins who were placed upside down.  I didn't get it and it was sort of funny, but not really that hilarious.  Sometimes, I think the use of the word "art" is very boundless, but then again, contemporary art can be weird.
5	Let me just get this out of the way. I love this place. It's been over a month since I've been there and my love continues to bloom. It's a small gallery, so you can spend time with every thing and feel like you've taken it all in. It's great for kids because you can move from space to space quickly and not feel too rushed. We saw Radical Lace and Subversive Knitting, a retrospective of Pedro Meyer's photography called "Heresies," and Flip a Strip, a collection of designs bent on re-imagining local strip malls in the Scottsdale, Tempe, and Phoenix area (this was one of the kid's favorites). Kudos to the algae battery wall.I think this museum is ahead of the curve. It's accessible, challenging, and engaging. I love the bulletin boards in the back that invite you to write down your thoughts about what you're seeing. You can give feedback on each exhibit and also get a little more info about them. It's a simple, interactive choice that makes the museum and the art more accessible and your experience of it deeper and more tangible. It's also community focused, offering workshops and classes based on the current exhibit. The gift shop is great with a significant selection of art books and unique gifts. Could be an interesting performance venue for the right sort of theatre and/or dance piece.
4	A contemporary museum generally houses some of the most bizarre shows by virtue of being contemporary. Contemporary leaves the doors open to the unexplored or unexplained. That can be good or bad. On the day I walked through the museums doors I happened to catch some of the really good. I was first delighted by the museums sleek exterior. More delighted when my triple AAA card got me a pretty decent discount on admission. And finally, I was in heaven when I saw there was a photography show on view. The museum is spacious and a good house for the creative visions of artists to crystalize. At the same time--the museum can also accommodate more traditional exhibits like the one I saw. SMoCA is a valuable switch-hitter in the art world!
5	SMoCA is divine.
2	I went on a bad day. They had a discounted entrance fee of $3 and only one exhibit open! I was finished within an hour and left feeling very disappointed...
3	I really want to like SMoCA, I really do. I'm a big fan of contemporary art but I've been to SMoCA twice now and was just not blown away. The boyfriend and I attended a lecture on Saturday afternoon as part of the Rewind Remix Replay exhibition currently showing. The discussion and the exhibition included examples of how design can influence the way music is created/consumed and vice versa. The lecture was interesting, they had good speakers and it was free so I was very happy with it. Part of attending the lecture was that you also go to see the show for free. I'm glad it was free because it was a bit underwhelming. It was more of an artifact show than an art show (guitars, turntables, boomboxes) which is fine but there was no information as to why certain pieces were included. Most of the pieces had no information beyond the basics (Gibson Guitar, Sony Walkman) and the information was poorly organized. Instead of having a card next to each piece the pieces were numbered and you had to look at a card with several numbers on it, often times not real close to the piece itself. The back wall display had random bits of information and some examples of ads, albums and things like that but the examples were poorly placed. Some of the ads were up so high I couldn't read them which was frustrating.With better information it could have been an interesting show. I'd like to know about the different styles of guitars or how the walkman changed over the years and led the way to the iPod but none of that was included. Instead it was a random hodgepodge. Luckily in the other room was a Chuck Close show. I adore Close's work and this show was laid out well, with great information. This show was so much better than the other.But this time and the last time I went to SMoCA it was real hit or miss. It seems like if they put a little more time into the visitor experience and how they might interact with the art/artifacts it would be a better experience overall.If you've never been there before be aware that it is small and they don't have a permanent collection so be sure you find a show that appeals to you.
4	We both got in for $5, since they were redoing two of the galleries.  And the $2.50 we paid was definitely worth it to see one of their current exhibits.You start off watching a screen, and all around the room are wires, ties, and movie parts.  I mean, ALL around the room - sprawling across six surfaces, whirring and tilting with (apparently) no purpose.  On one wall, there was even music being independently created by automatically plucked piano strings. As we started walking the room, we noticed that some of the movements seemed to imitate what we were seeing on the screen.We'd be watching a window going down, and a sun crossing the sky, and on one of the walls, a thick piece of opaque plastic would be rolling down.  Trying to figure out the mystery kept us occupied for probably fifteen minutes.A docent leading a tour came through, and the images clicked - small cameras were placed inside these complex wire contraptions, filming these everyday, boring-looking objects in such a way that they imitated a natural scene.  A giant painted oil-drum looked like a camera panning across a tropical landscape when filmed at the right angle.The exhibit was mindblowing, and as we kept walking around, I couldn't help kicking myself for not checking out SMoCA sooner.  Don't make the same mistake!
4	it's tiny and awesome!
4	Cute museum. They had an exhibit about radio and music, and that was kind of cool. Mostly it was just stuff I had seen before, though - tape players, CD's, etc.
2	While they were in town, I took my parents here on a Thursday afternoon to kill some time. Thursdays are free days at the SMoCA, and unless there's an exhibit there you really want to see, I'd say make that the day to go. There really wasn't anything all that special there on my trip. Although I've heard they had some really cool things there in the past. The place is small, and it's a neat way to kill about 45 minutes if you're wandering around in old town. But if I had paid $7 to get in any other day, I would've felt robbed.
5	I'm a huge fan of SMoCA! The museum is beautifully designed and kept. The staff/docents are wonderful and knowledgeable. SMoCA is a great place to take an afternoon trip too. Alway a fantastic and inspiring visit.
2	My daughter is nine and already very serious about her art.  We've been trying to get her to all the happening Art venues in the area....so we got our Culture Pass for SMoCA and ventured forth.  We went on a Thursday, so we didn't even need to Culture Pass (Thurs are free) but I side with the other person that said if they would have paid they'd have felt robbed!I guess I was expecting something along the lines of more stuff!  The Paolo Soleri Bridges exhibit was pretty cool and so was the Keys exhibit.  Who knew keys could be so neat as art work?But the rest?  I know, art is subjective......but my take was that my daughter's artwork exceeds most here.
5	Love this place!This is not a huge place, but their exhibits are superb. It is CONTEMPORARY art, though, and one should not go expecting to see old masters or even necessarily representational work. Appreciation and understanding of contemporary art is helpful.
3	I'll admit I'm not exactly an artsy person, so don't be shocked when I say I wasn't in LOVE with SMoCA... I meandered through this weekend  during the Sunday A'fair at the civic center, and I guess I just expected a little more.   There were two exhibits, both somewhat interesting, but nothing knocked my socks off.  Unfortunately Hottie was not too interested so he rushed me through it.  We had missed the guided tour, but did manage to catch a little of her spiel, and when we did... let's just say the "art" made more sense.  The old guy on their tour cracked me up... "This is art?" Haha, I hear ya buddy!  What caught my eye the most at SMoCA was the architecture, I was more interested in the floors and walls than I was the art.    Even though these art exhibits were not my cup of tea, the exhibits always change, so I will definitely be back... especially when I get free admission!
4	I was really impressed with SMoCa. The first time I attended was for the young@art exhibition (my students' works are in that show!) and I enjoyed making my way through the rest of the exhibitions as well. The second time I attended was for my students' dance recital in the main hall. I found the staff to be extremely courteous and helpful, and the art was intriguing and inspiring. I'd highly recommend checking out young@art while it is open - you'll be surprised that the works have been created by persons born after 1992. As a side-note: anyone who says, "I could do that," or "my kid could do that," is telling the world that they have no idea what it means to create art. Anyone who appreciates art (in all of its forms) will immediately dismiss that ignoramus for saying something like that. (Therefore I'd recommend shutting your mouth and appreciating the art pieces for what they are - works of art - whether or not you 'get it.')
4	This is a lovely museum in the heart of Scottsdale for the abstract minded individual who enjoys exercising the right side of the brain! I'm more of a museum of science kind of gal!
3	i love art so i was excited to go check this place out, and it just was not what i expected. Don't get me wrong, i can appreciate the art that is there, but i was just expecting a "Museum" and when i think of museum i think of a big place with lots to see. Not the case here. it is very small, what they do have is great but just wish there was more. It's really cheap...two people for $10. The day we went there was a wall of ribbons with wishes on them.. you pick one and wrap it around your wrist and fill the hole you took it from with your written wish. They saw when it falls of your wish will come true.( I'm a sucker for cute little things like this)check it out if you're in the area and can spare a few minutes for a quick walk through.
4	Well worth a couple of hours on your next trip to Scottsdale.  Exceptional rotating exhibits and permanent collection.  The full trip around the museum will only take a morning or afternoon.For those who don't understand contemporary art, give it a try anyway - you might be surprised.  This is not MOMA in NYC, but its certainly worthy of a couple of hours and you might find something that stimulates you.
3	For my 150th review, I wanted to do someplace cool so when I saw that there was a free event last Friday night at SMoCA I thought for sure it was kismet.  Unfortunately, I didn't really enjoy the opening much, since it was just way too crowded.  There where hoards of people in the hallways between galleries since the free food and wine that was provided was not allowed in the spaces where the art was displayed.  Since I don't really like crowds, and it was an exceptionally hot evening, this was not fun for me.  Also, the exhibits that were opening last Friday did not appeal to me at all... one was about architecture and the other was about comic books.  I thought my hubby would really enjoy the comics since he is a collector.  But several of them were from the 40s and the more recent ones were not popular strips.  Also, even though they were displayed beautifully and the exhibit was well constructed, both of us were lost as to what the artist was trying to say since there didn't seem to be a common theme or statement being made by the exhibit.Still, in spite of all that, I am glad we went.  I had never been to this museum even though it is just down the street from where I work.  I am not really a modern art fan but I can appreciate that it is a really excellent museum.  Though small, the space had a great flow to it.  The exhibits were all well labeled with proper lighting.  I would really like to come back some time when it is less crowded and when they have an exhibit that would be more attractive to my tastes.  It sounds like they change exhibits often so I will definitely keep an eye on their website.  Other reviewers have mentioned that they do have free entrance on Thursdays so maybe I will give it a try some Thursday evening after work and hopefully be able to add a star.  I also agree with the other reviewers that their gift shop is awesome so I will definitely be back just for that.
4	I was treated to a guest pass here this past Saturday.  I guess I was expecting more.  However I found out just now the normal entrance fee is only $7 if you are not a member so I really should write this as a 3 1/2 .There are 5 rooms, roughly the size of the original UA5 theater that was the prior tenant in the building, one of which is usually under construction as a new exhibit.  Contemporary art is sometimes elusive to its end purpose and our group had those discussions as we went back and forth between the rooms.  The cartoon art area had an interactive section for kids.  As I write this review I am seeing it as a bump to 4 instead of rounding down to a 3.  If it is in your area after a breakfast or a trip to the farmers market it is worth a trip to visit and the money spent will help it to keep growing so you can go back again in a year or so and have much of it new.  And if you have kids it is really a must go to place.  They also have several programs going on that should be checked into.
4	How can people spend a couple of hours here when the Museum is about 1-1/2 blocks long at most?  You would have to be really snails pace slow to take that long at the show I saw Saturday there, but it was free for us and interesting.  When I went yesterday they had one room with some cartoon drawings that were very interesting, a room with movie chair sculptures and one room with an old marquee from a theatre.  Since the movie chair sculptures and films shown in the one room and the marquee must go together somehow, we asked one of the workers what this "art" was.  Smart move, cause we got a really well explained answer from one of the guys who worked there.  This made this huge piece of "art" understandable at least--whether you liked it or not at least you now got what it was supposed to represent.I'm sure they must have a number of exhibits that are similar with people saying to themselves, "what the hell is that supposed to mean?"  Well, people, ask!  The folks working at this Museum are friendly and happy to actually explain the art to you.  No need to be embarrassed about it either, since this seems like just one of their jobs.   And all the staff definitely seems friendly.  After all, they want you to visit or they won't have jobs.Short, short visit but interesting experience.
4	Friday after 5pm free nights? (also Saturdays for now) Of course this is a major incentive to visit a museum!This one has a good size and the chance to watch different expositions. Always changing, always showing new artists (at least for me). This is a good excuse to go out last minute and have a refreshing night.
3	We took advantage of the free museum entry at the Sunday A'fair event. It's definitely interesting, but you can knock out the whole place in under an hour. The exhibits on our visit were interesting. I can't say that I'd run back to visit, but it was a nice place to kill sometime.
2	Did not like any of the art/photos on display.  Is it really art?  Photos were a bit disturbing, but not in a good way.
5	We recently went on a Friday night (the museum is free on Friday and Saturday nights right now).  The museum is very small but always has something interesting on display. We especially enjoyed the Video Works exhibit!  Always a great place to see some unusual art!
2	ummmm.... small... my apartment must be a museum too then.40% off book sale.Peter Sarkisian - rich and strange.'This Is a Present from a Small Distant World' Exhibition- the reason I went to Scottsdale today. Got a rave review in New Times. Had to see it. Was very excited bc the theme seemed cool. I was offended when I saw the exhibition.  Does that make it art?
3	This place is okay. It was $5 with a student discount so it is pretty cheap. It looks a lot bigger from the outside even though I dont think they have very many exhibits. They had a very creepy modern exhibit that I wasn't a fan of. If you go try to go on one of the free nights and there is free wifi in the lounge. There was one exhibit that was very interactive and fun. It would ask things such as what would you take to space and you can write down your responses on the paper that was on the wall. There were permanent markers everywhere so I really enjoyed that. It also looked very cool, I guess I am not a big person on modern art but it is worth checking out.
2	What a pile.I will admit to not being an "artiste" and maybe being too pragmatic to "understand" what I saw when I went here about a month back, but sorry; like other reviewers, I am suspicious as what passes as "art" in a contemporary sense.When I went, only a few small rooms were accessible (and from other reviewers' musings, this seems to usually be the case). The biggest of the rooms had two thin wood walls erected in the center. The "art" inside these walls consisted of a bunch of TV screens which would show a picture, then say what the picture was i.e. a picture of a dog, then say in white letters on a black screen "dog." Somebody got paid to exhibit that? The other exhibit in that piece was hands-on, where you could write an answer to a posited question, i.e. "What would you miss most if you left this planet?" Kind of nice they let you participate, but also kind of like something you'd see at some workshop for kids or something.Anyway, I didn't feel too unsophisticated when my wife, an arty-farty type, also disapproved of this place. With all the sponsors and this-and-that they proudly display on some fancy plaque in the middle of one of the rooms, you'd think they could come up with better (or at least more) of this so-called "art."I will say the red room with everything made out of pallets was neat. Still, not worth it unless you're getting in for free with a culture pass.
3	The museum isn't large to begin with and unfortunately, one of the main galleries was closed so it didn't take us long to explore everything.  While modern art can be questionable, SMoCA usually has at least one thought provoking exhibit and this visit was no exception.  The gift shop has some unique items and shouldn't be missed.
3	Interesting, but very small museum. I think even if I were to analyze and pick apart every work here, I still would have been out in an hour. That being said, due to the size, I doubt there's much of a permanent collection, so there should be something different every visit (save for the Turrell piece). The gift shop has some pretty unique items as well.
5	Wonderful art museum! I had honestly resisted for several years (My parents live in Paradise Valley, and I visit a few times a year) because I didn't know what to expect. This December, I finally went on a thursday, when they have free admissions, and it was incredible! The James Turrell piece was very meditative, particularly the subtle color and light shifts that happen over minutes and the dramatic shifts that happen over hours. I found myself in that space with at least 20 people in inspired silence for at least half an hour during one of my visits, and in many ways, it felt more raw and magical than the exhibit at the Guggenheim. There was also an exhibit dedicated to Julianne Swartz entitled "How Deep Is Your", that was amazing - delicate, vulnerable, strong, weak, frail, love-filled, love-lorn, nostalgic... a beautiful experience of human emotion. And lastly, an exhibit of contemporary Japanese art exploring water, elements, and scale, that left you with a new sense of wonder and possibility. I am an artist myself, and I feel like contemporary art museums are hit-or-miss situations. This one was one of the best I've been to, so well curated and thoughtfully presented, with emphasis on quality rather than quantity, and I will definitely be going back every time I am in town.
5	I'll start with disclaimers:  it was free to wander through this past Sunday, and the museum is quite small.  That said, the exhibits they had were really something special!  They were small but remarkable and unexpected.  I won't spoil them by descirbing them and ruining the surprise, but they were all relating to 5 senses.  Sight and sound were my favorite.     I'm not a huge fan of modern art, as a rule, but my husband and I were both super impressed.
4	There are a number of reasons to visit SMoCA. I'm not a big contemporary art fan but I find it interesting and it's worth a trip every so often to see new exhibits at the museum.My #1 reason for visiting SMoCA is to hang out in Knight Rise, a skyspace by James Turrell.  It's an elliptical room with a 10'x15' eye like opening in the ceiling.  As you look up you feel like you can touch the sky; it's an experience that can't be missed.  Tip: Go about 15-20 minutes before sunset and stay until 15-20 minutes after sunset.
4	I love art museums but had never been to a contemporary museum. I kind of knew what to expect based on yelp reviews and, yes, it is a bit small as everyone is saying. But you can't really make a conclusive decision about it until you see it for yourself. I'm not the type to sit and stare at a piece for 20 minutes analyzing it, so a friend and I were only there for 25 minutes. But I still enjoyed viewing others' unique perspective on life and art. I would much rather take a visitor to the Phoenix art museum; however, this would be something fun to explore with local friends on occasion. Its about ten minutes from the botanical garden and it's located in the center of a cute area, so it's worth checking out while there!
5	Really enjoyed the Five Senses exhibition. Entry was free during the art festival. Would happily go back again.
4	We went yesterday to see the 5 senses exhibition. We entered for free because we got there after 5 pm. That was nice. The exhibition was neat. But I really loved the gift shop. We also stopped by the gift shop of The Center for Performing Arts too, they have kind of the same stuff. But I think this two are the best gift shops I have ever been too. So interesting and so many fun things and not useless like gift shops usually sell. Loved it!
4	Two exhibits ending 5/4/14, Leslie Shows: Surfacing and The Five Senses-- check them out before it's too late!Leslie Shows: SurfacingI am all about textures, so these "paintings" of hers, which incorporate metal shavings, plastics, glass, injected rubber, and glue, among other things, kept my interest for quite awhile.  It took a bit of time for me to "turn off" the world I left outside and appreciate these pieces, especially with music and scents wafting in from the museum's second exhibit.  (If you go, you'll know what I mean.)  I'd say I went around the room a few times- gazed here and there; read some captions; noted a few textures; appreciated the colors used; wished I could touch; read a few more captions, and then re-visited those I was more interested in and studied them more thoroughly.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=49fNbauySXwsaXdphxk6Qg#49fNbauySXwsaXdphxk6Qghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=zSDe_M4UQxhkwv0pVmd9Cg#zSDe_M4UQxhkwv0pVmd9Cg  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=gO52ct69p5hUN5BHH7wM3A#gO52ct69p5hUN5BHH7wM3AThe Five Senses  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=KeCpM59W6RQ54RWnFwywTg#KeCpM59W6RQ54RWnFwywTgJanet Cardiff: The Forty Part Motet  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=nn-0c-R8EcupoT5b4dBcmA#nn-0c-R8EcupoT5b4dBcmA  Forty voices, recorded individually and presented via eight sets, with five speakers per set, in an oval pattern; designed to be appreciated as a whole and also as separate entities.  Brilliant!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=jjHGrI2oizYyg26BF9-sHw#jjHGrI2oizYyg26BF9-sHwErnesto Neto: Cai Cai Marrom  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=e8QfYIWAcKX5HkWZQwkGjg#e8QfYIWAcKX5HkWZQwkGjg  The source of the tantalizing scents that captivated me while I perused and ruminated through Leslie Shows' exhibit.  First thought that came to mind when I saw it?  Olfactory receptors.  The "globular" forms held turmeric, clove, and pepper.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=391lQhCq57yvWqrv6mV0Aw#391lQhCq57yvWqrv6mV0AwRoelof Louw: Soul City (Pyramid of Oranges)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=wen7Effua64EYLSry1Lp3g#wen7Effua64EYLSry1Lp3g  Loved the injection of orange this display provided.  It surprised me that people were helping themselves to the oranges, until I read the caption.  So go ahead, make mini-pyramids and pillars, if you wish, as you search for an orange to snack on while you check out James Turrell's Knight Rise at sunset.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=WPRKEjCWsbSlRUzmfkLL7g#WPRKEjCWsbSlRUzmfkLL7gSpencer Finch: 2 hours, 2 minutes, 2 seconds (Wind at Walden Pond, March 12, 2007)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=Uw8Wq6ily0aK83IvxJAOSg#Uw8Wq6ily0aK83IvxJAOSg  Another brilliant installation!  I was able to relive my vacays in Oahu, Myrtle Beach, and St. Augustine- well, almost.  I will cherish the carefree moments I experienced standing inside the semicircle.  Try it for yourself!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=nlvD1lyeOOaVoUHSTU59YQ#nlvD1lyeOOaVoUHSTU59YQOlafur Eliasson  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=KNkrXqttUdbMC1K3YLupxw#KNkrXqttUdbMC1K3YLupxw  With a quick glance at the caption and study of a diagram before entering the hallway, I did not know what to expect.  I went from standing in front of the fans to walking through a blacked-out hallway not knowing why I needed to "be careful of the corners."  And then I gasped and saw.  And felt.  Finally experiencing James Turrell's Knight Rise, after all of these years, was the "night cap" to a very fun afternoon.  I thought I was going to see light travel down the room's walls, but I was wrong.  And boy, it felt great to be wrong!  :)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=bmCv255SdopJJPb-ijTd7Q#bmCv255SdopJJPb-ijTd7Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=O161wRi4Zs8nrstAPKOvDA#O161wRi4Zs8nrstAPKOvDAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smoca-scottsdale-museum-of-contemporary-art-scottsdale?select=WOjqlBEAmjmYfeYXVTfK5w#WOjqlBEAmjmYfeYXVTfK5wFYI, admission is free on Thursdays!
4	I took my Father, who is an art aficionado, to check outthe Beauty exhibit for father's day. We really enjoyed it.  The museum itself is beautiful, the staff was very knowledgable and helpful. Only downside, I wasn't expecting it to be so small..it only took about 30 min to explore the entire museum.
3	Very nice and modern view external facade. Great  SMoCA - Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art that can be visited without there being an event. Quiet garden spot in the upper floor. The position is not quite adequate in the center of the old Scottsdale, Council a snack in the old market nearby at truly Cheap
5	Beautiful architecture and gardens and views on a clear day, a variety of art and exhibits. Not recommended for children. Wheelchairs for loan, even for larger sized patrons. Certainly worth a visit if in Scottsdale.
5	Visited here on a whim during one of my yearly visits out to Lala land to see my little brother. I was truly amazed by this place. Not only do they have some fantastic art exhibits, but what was more impressive and awe-inspiring are the gardens and the views over all of AZ. Just gorgeous. Was a great way to spend a few hours.
