4	This place is finally open! It opened today 10/6/12. It can be found in Terminal D. Things on the menu: eggs, oatmeal, other breakfast, burgers, pizza, salads, and a few other random things. The menu is reasonably priced. My breakfast cost $8 without a drink. I've been to the LGO locations within Phoenix.PROS:- scrambled eggs tasted good, and had herbs- organic fruit was fresh and good- healthy options- fast service- salads can be taken to go- english muffins are sold individually, by the half dozen, and by the dozenCONS:- bacon was very greasy and could have been much more crispy- include strawberry jam. Blackberry preserves doesn't taste very good.- signature english muffin was a little bit floppy due to the moisture in the plastic container. Maybe put the english muffin in a different holder? Small paper bag?- calling out names loudly is really annoying to listen to after 1 name. Maybe use a number system? Or provide a bigger waiting area?Bottom line:I would come back, but I would probably order something else like the pancakes or a different egg meal. Or I would eat lunch/dinner here and try something else.
4	I happened to go here on the first day it opened, 10/6.For an airport place, for a first day, and for a duplicate of a place with quite a reputation, for once I was not disappointed! I was a little frantic and running late for my flight, so I could not get a cooked meal.Rest assured, the friendly staff pointed me to the very well stocked cold case and I was able to get a tasty side of mixed fruit with creme fraiche for $3. There were fresh strawberries, grapes and something else, I forgot already, oops. There were definitely other choices in that cold case that I will be back for next time.The line was quick, smiles all around, and for once I got to eat something I didn't regret before flying! I have a feeling next visit will give me enough of an experience to merit the 5th star. No complaints!
4	I'm always a fan of LGO and what they put out so I was super happy to see the one opened in Sky Harbor. It was breakfast, but I wanted a sandwich. i got the stacked turkey sandwich that came with avocado and bacon, and it did not disappoint. the sandwich was stacked super high with quality ingredients, I was a happy camper. It was to be expected though, since I'm a super fan of LGO's pizza and other goods at their regular locations. Awesome!
5	My flight was delayed again! I gotta get a better job....I actually miss sitting in traffic going to work instead of this flying for business. But we all gotta make a living. So I had a couple of hours to spare and I figured by the time I get to my destination and hotel everything would be closed and I would end up up putting the feed bag on at the snack machine. I found this place La Grange Orange. I think there another one in town. So I gave it a whirl. I had the BLT. Great!  ProsThe food tasted great and was satisfying. Staff was courteous and pleasant. The bill was not expensive compared to most airport eateries. The atmosphere felt like any eatery out in town. It didn't feel like a airport eatery. Cons No cons. .
5	It's not secret that I love LGO and the fact that now I can enjoy a commuter breakfast sandwich while waiting for my flight is amazing! This is LGO airport-edition so it lacks the charm that the actual LGO has, but it has much more charm than an airport restaurant should! The food tastes exactly the same, the prices are the same, the service is the same and they are very fast! I visited for breakfast and enjoyed the commuter sandwich but noticed that they have a wood-fired oven to make their well-known pizzas and they have a full menu of LGO favorites including all their breakfast, lunch and dinner offerings. They also have the cookies, baked goods and pre-made sandwiches. LGO is located at gate D and it's worth visiting regardless of your location in Terminal Four!
5	I am a HUGE fan of the recent T4 restaurant overhaul, and LGO is one of my favorite additions.  I grabbed dinner here before a flight last week and decided on the chickpea lettuce wraps.  My meal cost around $8 and came with two healthy and fresh wraps filled with a chickpea salad, sundried tomatoes, cucumbers and avocado slices.  Other menu options include creative salads (like the shredded kale and quinoa), fresh fruit and healthy sandwiches.  Service was both expeditious and friendly, which was a nice change from the typical surly attitude you get at airport establishments.In my mind, this is "as good as it gets" at the airport - 5 stars!
4	I love that LGO is in the airport!!! It's a great place to go for a break cause I can only take so much Modern Burger lol. LGO has a good variety of food and for a good price! It's as yummy as the street-side LGO in my opinion. I just wish they would make more had more of their salted chocolate chip cookies or at least have more in stock if they don't make them in house at the airport cause Chelsea's Kitchen pre-security doesn't have them for sale or in the size that LGO has. I also prefer their pizzas to Sauce's in the airport. They also have gelato, which is yummy. I have to say that LGO is totally worth getting past security early and walking to the D gates, even if your flight is in B or C lol.
5	At Phoenix (yes, right now) for a brief 1.5 hour layover between Chicago and Burbank (CA). Famished, I got off the plane in search for some good grub. I'm not a fan of "local" airport food because generally the food is overpriced and subpar in taste and quality. Thus, I searched for  McDs (or Burger King...something familiar). Didn't find any around gate D. At first I was attracted to the smell of the wood oven pizzas. I asked the cashier lady - "How big is the pizza?" "10 to 11 inches - it comes in 8 slices." There was no way that I was going to be able to finish that all by myself. Searched around the long list of menu behind each cashier (4 of them in total), standing behind the long counter. Get this - they were serving Eggs (breakfast style) during lunch. Anyhow, long long story short, there were several 2 things that impressed me about this joint:1) Food - I sampled the A-Z cookie and ordered the Tuna Salad. The Tuna Salad was one of the best I've ever tried ...EVER. It had thin thin slices of granny smith apple and the tuna wasn't overly dosed in mayo. It was really good. I paid $7.95. 2) Service - I'm not exaggerating or kidding when I say this - the service here is up there...better than Starbucks during its heydays.  While waiting for my food, I was asked (very politely) by 5 different employees, "Have you been helped?" As soon as I finished my meal, a server-girl came up to my side and asked if she can take my plate away. Let me make it clear - this place looks and feels like low-key, but serves and acts like 5-star hotel. Anyhow, if you every fly through Phoenix (Gate D area), definitely try La Grande.
4	I was delightfully surprised to see LGO at the Southwest Terminal at Sky Harbor.  The only thing that was an issue was where to line up to order and pay for your food. The space isn't large and what free space is left over is mostly taken up by displays; add in travelers with carry on luggage and it easily gets crowded.  Everyone seemed to congregate at the middle register. I avoided waiting in line by walking up to the clerk at the far left (empty) register to ask if it was open, which she was. Keep in mind there were 3 registers open, but the clerks at the 2 side registers weren't proactively assisting in clearing out the group of waiting customers nor were fellow customers aware that there were 2 other open registers *sigh*Anyway after a weekend of non-stop weekend I wanted something healthy. I ordered the Zuni burrito: whole wheat tortilla with tofu chorizo; corn; spinach; potato; egg whites; and charred tomato salsa. YUM!  My favorite of all the ingredients was the charred tomato salsa. If they packaged and sold this in a bottle, I'd buy it!
5	I defy you to find a better dining option in any airport - seriously.  While I'm an unabashed fan of LGO I have to say I'm shocked to see how well the quality carries over to this location and as a frequent traveler I only wish other airports maintained such high standards for their dining options.Had the Red Velvet Cupcake, Oatmeal Butterscotch Cookie, and Giandujia Croissant this time around and as usual everything was high quality while service is every bit up to snuff with the original location.  The best part?  No price hike for the airport location.
5	Kale and quinoa  salad at the airport???? Yes please!The helpful Southwest agent recommended that I run down to Terminal D to grab a healthy lunch. Apparently I don't strike people as the Pizza Hut personal pan pizza type. I digress.The helpful staff patiently answered my OCD ingredient questions. My kale and quinoa salad was made with fresh sheeps cheese, sunflower seeds, red pepper, grapes and a lemon-pepper vinaigrette.  SO GOOD!The vegetarian sandwich with harvati and goat cheese also looked delicious, as did a number of other menu items. I will DEFINITELY be back the next time I'm flying through Phoenix! Ready to sit through my three hour flight with my belly satisfied rather than about to throw up from a greasy food overload. I arrived at my destination feeling healthy and light!Oh, and it's worth the walk down to terminal D  for sure!
5	Best airport restaurant that I have ever seen.  Something for everyone, my wife had an awesome salad, I had a Cuban sandwich, while my son had a wood-fired pizza.  Clean, affordable, and inexpensive.  They made a mistake on my Cuban and gave us a free red velvet cupcake.  An airport establishment that is concerned with customer service???  What a pleasant surprise.  If you are in this terminal, this is the place to be!
5	I am so happy LGO is at Sky Harbor. I travel a lot and I look forward to hitting up terminal D for my LGO fix. The food is the same as the original location, without the lines of course. It's so nice to see some of the best restaurants in phoenix, at sky harbor.
5	Morning OJ?? Yes please!! I wish I would've had an appetite for something else. However, next time I will definitely make La Grande Orange my breakfast at the airport spot!! Just remember its past Security Check!! Oh and I must mention that they always deliver AMAZING Service!!!! :)
4	Just about anytime I'm flying on Southwest, I make a point of dining here. Don't judge an airport establishment by its management. When I'm looking for something lighter, I'll go for one of their salads which offer the added benefit of not creating a cloud of odor should you take the leftovers on the plane with you. If the salad is not your thing, try one of their burgers. And make sure you have it served on one of LGO's fresh baked English muffins. The one an only time that I had an issue with the food that had been served, the manager himself brought me the rectified order, apologized for the mistake, and offered me a bakery item. In short, even though this particular LGO is managed by HMS, you can expect the same food that you would expect from La Grand Orange in Pasadena and almost the same level of service.
5	Who would have thought that one of the best salads I've had in a long time would be in the Phoenix airport?  The kale and quinoa salad is a must-order for anybody craving vegetables and looking for something to take on a long flight toward the east coast.  The kale and other sturdy vegetables stand up well to sitting in a plastic clamshell without getting soggy.  The quinoa adds an incredibly pleasant nuttiness and crunch.  The dressing is tangy and rounds out the dish.  Over a week later, I am still thinking about how to replicate this salad, and I can't think of the last time I've felt that way about airport food.(I didn't care for the grapes and thought the salad would have been better without them-- but I'm not docking this review to four stars, because IT WAS AN AIRPORT.)
4	Great food, especially for an airport. After a week of traveling, I was ready for a light fare, and the Shangri-La vegetarian burger fit the bill. The great part was that it was fresh made, not just a frozen veggie pattie warmed up.
4	Airport and Pizza.  Two words that seemingly don't go together.  Who hasn't experienced scary airport food at one time or another?  Well, thanks to the new LGO in the airport, that is a thing of the past.  Airport + LGO Pizza = YUM!  :)While I am aware that LGO has plenty of other great things besides pizza, (breakfast, sandwiches, burgers...) once I saw the wood-fired oven I knew I had to have one.  I chose the basic cheese pizza, which was anything but plain.  Perfectly cooked with a crisp yet somewhat chewy crust and a blend of bubbling savory cheeses.  Large enough to share, but I am not ashamed to say I ate every last bite!Really?  A wood-fired oven in the airport?  I may have to travel more often...
1	Absolutely horrible.  Did take out chopped salad was not worth $11.00.  Small portion and the pizza was ice cold and was like as thin as a piece of paper maybe 3 pieces of the schrieners chicken sausage on it.  Pathetic.  $30 for that meal Are you kidding me. My girlfriend and I arent even full.  We had to go get more food.  Never ever go back.  Get your shit together!!
4	I only got one thing here while at the airport this past Christmas......the red velvet cupcake. And it was sooooo goood. Decadent. Cream cheesy. Fantasticness. I want another red velvet cupcake right now *drool. The place is set up very much like LGO in Phoenix. They have a lot of really good looking food in the small market and they also have burgers, pizzas, and sandwiches that all look amazing. This is a definite must stop while in the airport!
4	Pizza's are made fresh and they will make you forget that you are in an airport!Sea Salt Chcolate Chip Cookie is HUGE for the price and you must come here if you want a cheap bottle of water.Everything is very affordable, especially for airport food!
4	Good Food
5	Great place! (Even if it wasn't in an airport)Will definitely stop by again if I fly thru PHX.
4	Taking airport food to a higher levelGranted they get almost $8 for a pair of eggs but youll also get chicken sausage, a fruit cup and and some funky toast. The free fudge while you wait isn't bad either
2	More miss than hit...Coconut cupcake: 0/5Horrible. cake part has no flavor, icing on top tastes like 95% butter and 5% cream cheese... YUCK! Blackberry & Almond Dumpling: 1/5The flavor of the 10% that had any blackberry and almond (which as only on the very bottom) was perfect... but that left 90% of the pastry that was simply bread with no flavor.Strawberry Crostada: 1/5took one bite, stopped there. tasked badApple Crostada: 3/5Very good flavor, needs 2x the apples in it to make it enjoyableBlueberry Crostada: 5/5FINALLY something I thought was worth buying, and I enjoyed it!  I could taste blueberry the whole time and there were enough actual blueberries!
5	Well I just keep loving LGO! I blame the baked goods that always seem to entice me when I go. Just when I think I'm done placing an order, I look over in the display at the pastries that seem to call out to me and say "Dani, look at me! Eat me! I'm yummy!" I'm making my way through their menu and haven't been disappointed yet. Well I'm not counting the time where I found that they stopped serving chilaquiles, I'm meaning taste wise.
5	What do the Fallen Angel, Sea Salt Chocolate Chip Cookie and Chips and Dip appetizer all have in common? They are all amazing and best of breed. I'm glad I don't live close enough to go here every day, or I would. LGO is the best pizza in town and the best bakery in town, hands down.
4	Can you ever had a 5 star experience in an airport?I'm not sure, but the food here comes darn close.We tried a roast beef sandwich and the chickpea / roasted tomato / lettuce wrap.Both items were very flavorful.  There was a several minute wait for the roast beef sandwich, but it was worthwhile.  The chickpea lettuce wrap had really good flavor, and it was wonderful to eat something that was 1) healthy and 2) vegetarian while in an airport.  It would have been impossible to eat as a wrap without making a giant mess, but I used a fork and knife and it worked out great.As for the ordering & dining experience...There were several registers scattered around the various counters and they were all staffed, but the throngs of people everywhere made getting to the registers a bit difficult.  I would recommend some crowd control stanchions in front of each register to organize things a bit more (think of the line guides you see at Noodles & Co) and perhaps have some printed out menus as people wait in line.  A sign that says "Any item may be ordered at any register" would be good too - some people were insisting on waiting by the register that was near a "pizza" sign simply because they thought they had to be in that line to order that item, when that wasn't true.  My other comment was that it was hard to find seating - many of the small tables had been combined to form large tables - which in an airport, isn't necessarily a bad thing - given the carry-ons, purses, coats, etc that most people are schlepping around.  We just asked a twosome sitting at a table for 8 if they minded some company.  They didn't, so it wasn't a problem at all.A couple of other points:-the food was very reasonably priced (given that you're in an airport!)-you can get non-breakfast items in the morning.  I don't know about you, but I don't always want eggs at 10 am...especially if I've been up for 6 hours at that point; that's when I'm looking for lunch.  Le Grande Orange had a great selection of breakfast and lunch items, and all were available to be ordered at 10 am.The food was 5 star.  The ordering experience (the day that I was there) was a 3 star experience, so it averages to 4 stars.  However, the ordering issues are small logistics problems that can be fixed easily, so I'm not worried about it and I would deal with the hassles again in order the tasty food.At the end of the day, I will absolutely come to a Le Grande Orange when I'm looking for a good healthy lunch.
4	I've eaten here twice. It is rather good food for airport food. While the items themselves aren't that memorable (burgers, sandwiches, etc.) the ingredients seem really excellent and the quality is high. If I need to eat at the Phoenix airport, this is where I'll go.
5	O B S E S S E D Terminal D.Go out of your way to eat here when you are in the airport.My personal favorite:  kale and quinoa salad.  It is adorned with parmesean cheese, grapes, sunflower seeds and lemon zest.  The dressing perfectly compliments this grouping and always leaves me satisfied!The fruit tarts are amazing- no jellies, just fruit and an amazing pastry crust!  And something I NEVER would have tried, but they sampled one day:  the gluten free walnut, chocolate chip cookie!  It is almost gooey in the center with a brownie-like taste.  It is just amazing!The pizzas are also fantastic and the veggie burger goes a long way when I have a few extra minutes to wait for them to make me something or I'm feeling like veggin' out.All I know is that I don't miss getting something from here when I am in this airport and you will thank me for this!
4	La Grande Orange is so great! They have a delicious vegan pizza that can also be made gluten-free, which satisfied my gluten-free and dairy-free diet. Also, their salads are fantastic. I will definitely be back!
4	There are two lines....
3	I really wasn't that impressed. I had a Turkey sandwich and they really don't have a great option of breads. I was forced to eat here waiting for a connecting flight because it seemed like the only decent place around. I'd be interested in their breakfast.  Very Average meal that of course because it's in a restaurant I paid a price for. i'd give it another try, they would really have to impress me to get any more stars.
4	Really enjoyed the gladiator pizza.  Not a big fan of the salted chocolate chip cookie--maybe an acquired taste.  Would go back for other desserts.
4	Was in Terminal 4 and only had limited time to pick something up for dinner to munch on the plane, and after wondering around trying to figure out what I wanted (Yes terminal 4 has plenty to choose from, but also once you past the security check ins, go check out the other gates, they too have plenty to choose from as well) I saw that La Grande Orange was in my area, now I have been wanting to try them for a while now, so I thought this must be a sign to try them out now!I ordered this Thai Princess Chicken Salad (not sure if that is the correct name, but remembered that it does have the word Princess in it) that had mixed greens, red onions, cilantro (my fav ingredient in the world) spicy peanut dressing/sauce, tender diced/sliced chicken breast, diced red peppers. OMG this salad was amazing! Loved it! Wanted more! Can't wait to try La Grande Orange in the valley now!
2	Maybe I caught this place on a bad day?I was not impressed in the least.First of all, the organization was awful. 2 registers but so many people just standing around waiting for their food that I couldn't tell if they were in line or just waiting. The prepared salads seemed WAY overpriced for the amount of salad you actually got. Also, when asking what type of bakery was in the case, the cashier had to guess for some items which really turned me off from buying a mystery pastry. I finally ended up with a egg sandwich on an English muffin with avocado. It was tasty, but at 8 bucks, my pockets were not pleased with my choice.This stop was better than eating at a fast food place, but it was a clustered mess and the prices were way too high for my liking.
5	What a treat to find a delicious and healthy place to eat in an airport. First time eating lunch here .... And it did not disappoint.  The chopped Thai salad is delish!!!!
5	This place is the kind of place I love to find. It seems they make just about everything they serve from scratch.I've come here frequently for breakfast and have gotten the commuter every time - but every time it has been a completely different experience. The english muffin is baked fresh, and you get your choice of a veritable cornucopia of meats (bacon, ham, sausage, salmon lox, chicken sausage, prosciutto, and likely a few more I've forgotten) and cheeses (think all the usual suspects, plus a few fancy items like gruyere). It comes with eggs and tomatoes as well, and is probably the highest quality breakfast sandwich I've had the pleasure of eating. Their desserts are also amazing - the salted brownie stands out as the winner, so moist and rich, and the large sea salt crystals sprinkled on top bring additional depth to the rich chocolatey flavor. They also have their own take on a ding dong, but man, it's in a whole other echelon. Finally, I've tried the salted chocolate chip cookie, and while it was good, it wasn't quite as magical as the others. Both their orange juice and lemonade are fresh squeezed and fantastically delicious.Really, I haven't had anything here that I haven't loved - I take every chance I can to come back.
3	Good on the go food.  Really good for an airport.
5	Any time we need a connecting flight to the West Coast, I'm picking Phoenix. Because this place has the best gluten free pizza I've ever had. They need to patent their recipe and sell it to all the other restaurants that are trying to make GF pizza. DH says his regular pizza was darned good too.Be warned, the GF pizza takes a while. It is not something you can order and get while your airplane is boarding!
4	Good food ordered the flame broiled cheese burger with fries and the guacamole BLT. Delicious!
3	Love that I can enjoy the awesome food even at the airport, but it is not as tasty as the restaurant in the city
5	This is probably one of my best airport finds ever! For a moment, I thought I wasn't in an airport. The things I loved:- variety - lots of different options ranging from ready made salads - think exotic, i got a kale, quinoa, parmesan, grape salad with a lemon vingette drizzle for about $9. huge box, big portion! Also some ready made sandwiches. You can order a more sit down meal as well. They have breakfast, lunch, and dinner.- price - amazed that I wasn't ripped off. I got a huge salad full of quality products, its not junk for your money.-fast: you can run in there like a mad storm, grab food and hop on your plane.Overall, wish I flew through phoenix more often so I could eat here!
5	Nice service.  Has all the LGO faves.  Definitely a new fave for when I travel and thank goodness it's located in the SWA terminal!
5	Best airport food I've seen. Great vegetarian options, vegan bars, gluten free! Thank you for offering some healthy clean vegan/vegetarian options! Rare in airport!! Chef there is fantastic & the staff was great.
4	Its 4:30am and I am at the airport reconsidering many life decisions (primarily why am I  at the airport at 4:30am?). As  enter the D gate I see Petes' coffee setting up and in a distance a large orange sign. I look at Petes, I look at LGO. I do that for about 5 mins (because I'm not a decisive person at 4:30am) and head on to LGO to try their stuff.My mind is very temped to buy the Havana Latte (A latte with sweetened Condensed Milk in lieu of plane-jane-milk) but my thighs and the few few miles I ran yesterday told me to get my shit together. Okay. Regular Latte it is. BUT I'M GETTING A CROISSANT. Because I'm worth it, damnit!! Or something about being awake longer hours and burning more calories. I'm not quite sure, my logic also fails me at this hour of the day.Since they didn't have the pain au chocolat (chocolate filled croissant), I got a regular one and they heated it up and stuffed it with jelly for me. The jelly was abundant and my poor-man's-sandwich tasted decent. My coffee was also good, despite lacking the delicious sweetened condensed milk that I used to drink out-of-the-can in my younger years.Who knew, the airports' getting faaaaancy,
4	I had been dreading coming to the airport and finding out that LGO had a location made me feel better. While our flight wasn't in section D, we had enough time to kill so we scrambled on down. I ordered the commuter sandwich and the Havana latte. My latte was divine - sweet and tasty.  The sandwich was so large we could have shared. Their homemade English muffins are to die for and I could have just eaten that. My husband ordered a Caesar salad. The salad was meh. There were tons of to-go salads in the display case and my husband figured that's what they were - to-go salads. Since we were sitting down and eating he thought they would make the salad fresh and bring it out on a plate. Nope. The employee grabbed a box and handed it to my husband. There wasn't a lot of salad in the large box and the crotons were soggy from being inside the box. Overall, the freshly made items were delicious and the bakery case was full of tempting treats. If I come back through the airport, I'll definitely be grabbing a latte and sweet treat.
4	Yes this place is expensive, but if you frequent airports and you want something that tastes good and isn't greasy you will like La Grande Orange. I randomly tried this place a few months ago and I was pleasantly surprised that my English muffin breakfast sandwich wasn't greasy at all. The fresh squeezed orange juice is some of the best that I have had anywhere. I wish there was a place like La Grande Orange in every terminal of every airport. This one is located in Terminal D, I have on multiple occasions made the trip from Terminal C to D and back just to get breakfast here. If there was a way to order online while I was in line for security that would make it even better.
5	This is the best spot in the Phoenix airport if you're looking for a creative menu. Everything is fresh and tastes good. You can stick to your diet here without having to settle for the usual yogurt cup or pathetic, overpriced salad. They're vegetarian friendly too! I had the tomato soup this time and it was excellent. Everything I've had here has been good.
5	Excited to have this local gem in the airport. No secret it has some ah-mazing food/beverages. Only issue is it's not so easy to see where the line forms to order and it bottle necks and results in several "are you next" questions to be asked to all the other patrons standing around you. Hope they can work on signage to streamline the issue. Glad to see LGO in the airport where it will gain stong visibility.
4	Ok, so on my way to Hawaii a couple weeks ago, the BF and I stopped at LGO to get breakfast before our flight....now, this was a big commitment because it is on the complete opposite side of the airport as where our gate was so it then required us to make a lap around terminal 4 (which is pretty huge). Anyway, I got the commuter sandwich after all of the hubbub about how awesome it was from everyone....it was not good! The eggs appeared to be the same microwaved eggs you get at Einstein's and the sandwich had little to no flavor....The bacon was sad and flaccid. Luckily, I also got a red velvet cupcake again which allowed this  establishment to remain a 4 star place just for the sheer glory of that cupcake, but come on people! There needs to be some quality control or something, because that sandwich was just sad.
1	All of you that love this place, seriously?  I've been to the airport location a number of times and always disappointing or bad.  If you want a water, a bag of English muffins, or maybe a cup of fruit then it's fine.  I just ordered eggs, sausage, fruit, and an English muffin.  They weren't scrambled but just one flat thin overcooked egg.  The sausage was disgusting.  So overcooked and hard it clearly came from early early this morning and sat or from yesterday and was warmed.  The fruit cup, different than the prepackaged fruit they sell separately, was dark brown around all the edges.  Look at my other reviews and you'll find that I am always consistent with reviews and give places a second chance.  I've been to their main Phoenix location and the market was great. The food we had their was mildly disappointing to average.  I will not spend another dollar here.  When you leave a review try to forget your perception of the place and how awesome their reputation alone is.  Judge it on the experience.  This place sucks and after multiple times I've solidified that fact.   Colleagues have told me the same but they don't yelp.  Many of these popular local restaurants that have airport locations use airport employees because it's cheaper.  The exception that I'm aware of is Cartel Coffee.  They employ their own employees that have been properly trained and care about the end product.  This place just isn't worth the great tasty muffins.
3	Great food, but minus a star for the staff. The cashiers here are lazy, if you're in one line and it is long ask if someone idle can help you, you can order from all registers, they won't flag you down.
5	This is easily the best airport food I've ever had. The kale salad was fresh, well-balanced, delicious, and filling. I could barely even believe it. If you have to get a meal in the airport, make the trek from whatever terminal you're in over to La Grande Orange!
5	I LOVE that this is in the airport! I ordered the kale and quinoa salad and LOVED every bite!! My friend got the veggie sandwich that she said was totally delicious. It was quick and fresh and healthy.
2	For some reason this review from 7/13/13 was deleted from Yelp, therefore I am reposting it...I have eaten here twice in the last five days. As I sat during my second visit,  I was able to see the owner in the corner visiting with one of the chef's and two of the managers milling about. While sitting in the restaurant, three things were occurring during lunch:1. An employee was sweeping the floor around us as we ate.2. An employee was refilling the hot sauce bottles in the dining room, and although that practice is not unheard of, jamming the tip of the refill bottle into each and every bottle on the tables seemed a bit unsanitary at best. The bottles are not clean. People wipe the dripping sauce off of the bottles with their fingers, after those same fingers have been in their mouth. And then the refill bottle touches each of those bottles...3. An employee was carrying food from one side of the restaurant to the other. Said food was uncovered during its travels across the restaurant. While the floor was being swept. And by food I mean trays of gelato and rack after rack of bread, muffins, rolls and English muffins. Number 1 and 2 above happened on both visits, along with number 3 on second visit, in full view of owner and managers.I am not sure this has anything to do with food quality, but the unsanitary practices lead me to wonder what happens out of view.
2	I usually absolutely love La Grande Orange but this location is definitely slacking. I came here around 7am before a flight, the cashier girl (young girl with black hair) behind the counter had a lot of attitude with me and my family. Very strange I thought, usually this company has awesome staff. As we ordered food, we got more and more attitude for each addition item we asked for. Food came and it was good but not exceptional like usual from the other La Grande Orange location in Phoenix. In the end, this place is a good option for pretty quick food at the airport but unless the staff learns how to be friendly and polite then this is not a top choice at sky harbor.
4	A great place to eat when you have time before your flight or to just grab a sandwich (and maybe a cookie) on the go.  We had a layover in Phoenix, so we grabbed some lunch here.  We ordered turkey sandwiches and a sea salt chocolate chip cookie.  The sandwiches were made on a soft high quality bread, a generous stack of sliced turkey breast, and fresh produce.  It was a large sandwich, which kept us full through our following flight.  After the sandwich we shared the cookie, and it was truly the best cookie I ever ate.  It was big and soft, yet it had slightly crispy edges, and was loaded with chocolate chips and sprinkled with sea salt. It had a lovely contrast of sweet and savory, and it was buttery and chocolaty.  This was the first time I had a cookie with sea salt, and I am totally hooked!  If I ever fly through Phoenix again, I will make sure to make at pit stop here!   Also next time I want to try pizzas, as they looked and smelled delicious!
5	Yummy kale quinoa salad!  Excellent options, friendly service and delicious.  Did not try the pastries as I'm eating gluten free these days, but they looked really good!
5	thank goodness phoenix has taken charge of it's local flavor and added numerous local eateries in the airport. although a bit more expensive, it's worth it to have great choices instead of the usual poor airport choices. the egg white, potato, and tofu chorizo burrito was a delicious 2nd breakfast at the airport while my flight was delayed. this location in the airport has many, if not all, of the choices they offer at their location in arcadia.
2	I ate here for lunch. Very disappointed. Ordered caesar salad which was lacking in lettuce and cheese and for the price not worth it. Easier make it better or cheaper. Would not eat here again.
1	The croissants tasted weird. I should have went back to get my money back but didnt want to miss my flight.
4	I visited the little LGO at the Phoenix Airport and loved it! Great service, good food, and delightful hot cocoa. So thankful for this spot of heaven before getting on a plane.
4	Though it sucks to have a layover on a relatively short flight from LA to Albuquerque, this restaurant made the layover in Phoenix more than tolerable. Thanks to Yelpers, I chose this place over several other seemingly attractive options and found a very unlikely food option in an airport. The place was a bakery, pizza spot and sandwich spot all rolled into one. At times, this can be bothersome, as specialization is key, but again, it's in an airport. My wife and I were in sandwich mode and looking for something hot and we both found good options. I chose the Cubano hot pressed panini and my wife the hot pressed tuna sandwich. The prices were more reasonable than I'm used to from airports at about $7.50, so this provided some comfort. When the food came, my cubano looked delicious and the taste did not disappoint. I thoroughly enjoyed it, even though I'd say a ham and cheese sandwich with pickles would be a more accurate description. My wife too liked her sandwich. We had some cookies too and found them good, albeit sweet as all hell. I'd seek this place out again if stuck in Phoenix in the future.
5	Yum! Picked up the commuter sandwich on my way out of the airport and it was the perfect breakfast sandwich after a 2 hour flight. Pretty expensive though at $7 and the 2 bananas coming out to $3.50 or $4.00 but I guess that's the price you pay for convenience at an airport.I will come back here if I have to fly through Phoenix again!-Hungry Hungry Pongy
4	I had a flight delay and wandered around until the pastry case caught my eye. I ordered the smoked salmon salad. It was pre arranged. I was shocked at how amazingly delicious it was. I want to fly back just to eat it again.I got two cupcakes for dessert (because that's how I roll) and they were not as impressive. I had red velvet and coconut and both were bland and dry.Next time I will try a scoop of gelato. I miss you salad....
5	Shockingly delicious airport food - made me happy I was delayed and came over to the D terminal looking for something decent. Had a mushroom and fennel pizza that I wish I'd had time to get again on my way home. The eating area is a nice little oasis in the mess that is PHX.
4	Love LGO. Trendy, fast and a cute little breakfasty, brunchy joint on the weekends. Love all the coffee selections. The fact that you can even grab a Reisling from the refrigerator and hang out at the table and share! Tammie Coe cakes is also the baker of little fattening delicacies for the person you may have left home! Pizzas are yummy.. Salads even yummier and packaged to go, say if your a girl like me.. on the go.. on the fly! Parking is awful. Literally you may have to wait and mame to get a place on the weekends! Park up the street and walk!
4	Great quality as far as airport food goes. They have some menus up, but I had to wander around to find a print menu with their sandwiches. Cubano sandwich was a pretty small portion but was quite tasty. Fruit cocktail was just okay. I'll visit again to try their pizza.
4	It was a little crazy during the morning rush. - Cubano was tasty.  Bread was nicely toasted. Good proportion of mustard, ham, pickle, and cheese. Price was a little high for the amount of sandwich though. - 9 Grain Tuna was  delicious.  Good amount of sweetness from the pickles and golden raisins.  Moist enough, but not soggy.  The green apples and cucumbers gave it a nice crunch.- PB&J was alright. Bread was a little dry and they were a little heavy handed with the jelly.  - Blackberry Dumpling was really tasty. You get a flaky crescent-like pastry with a blackberry base.
3	Got it on my flight out. I ordered the green chili burger. The server was very nice, but the place was a cluster. There was no line and people just standing around. After about 30 min I asked how much longer, I was told it would be 15 min when I ordered. They looked at my receipt and didn't even have it at their window. The guy had the cook make one in 3 min. I ordered it medium, so warm pink center, but I got it still somewhat raw in the middle. It still tasted decent but was expensive. I would not return to here, but their pizza looked good.
3	Grabbed a quick salad while waiting for a connecting flight.  Prices are what you'd expect in an airport, but quality was pretty good.  I had some kind of a pizza salad - complete with olives, pepperoni and a light dressing.  Hit the spot.
5	Love that LGO is at the airport!  Great coffee and pastries.  Perfect for early flights!
4	It is so nice being able to have GOOD food at the airport instead of standard fast food junk. I've enjoyed dinner on the go from LGO the last two times I've flown. I love that the salads are quick and ready to go. The smoked salmon salad is delicious and filling. It doesn't look like a lot when you first open the container but it's bigger than you think.Their pizza is also very good but head's up - it's not premade so it takes about 15 minutes. Make sure you have enough time to wait. Their bakery items are also really yummy.The set-up seems a little confusing for people but the staff is friendly. This place definitely makes airport food not only bearable but actually enjoyable.
4	I stopped by here to grab a quick lunch on a short layover after a 4 hour flight.  After doing a quick search on where to eat inside the secure areas at PHX, I walked by to see the place was poppin with activity, and I could see people at the tables enjoying some good looking sandwiches.  What drew me in though was the alluring case pastries!  This is one of those times I wish could just pack boxes of food into my carry on luggage.  They also make pizza!!Anyway, I got myself the Cubano sandwich...delicious!  It had a good balance of ham, pickle, cheese and the right level of toast on the bread.  Service was pretty quick considering how busy the place was especially on a prime travel day (Friday afternoon, was 5th in line to order, I was in and out in maybe 5-6 minutes...Pro tip: they have multiple registers open, look around and don't get stuck in the longer line).  Prices were about on par with other airports.I also got a cookie for the gf picking me up at my destination.  Ate some of that, and now I wish I had gotten one for myself!
4	So awesome that La Grande Orange is at terminal 4.I love that terminal 4 has the best of the best of PHX local restaurants.  What an awesome surprise.  I have always enjoyed La Grange Orange their great salads, sandwiches, great pizza selections and reasonably prices on beer and wine.  You can't go wrong grabbing something great to eat prior to catching your flight.  LGO -great food & great service!
3	Good place go grab a bite to eat at Phoenix airport.  This is a small chain (mainly in So Cal).  Place can be crazy though since there are not many dining options at the SW gates...
5	I found this gluten free spot from the phx website skyharbor.com.I ordered a gluten free Mother Earth pizza that was quite delicious! The crust was a little crunchy like flatbread but the cheese and toppings made up for it big time!The food was also prepared professionally and quickly!The pizza person was extremely helpful and friendly.I now know where to get good grub in the airport.And the price was quite alright at $13 for a small gluten free with like 10 toppings!
5	This may be my new favorite airport simply because of this cafe. I didn't think I would find both vegan and gluten free options at an airport but this place has it all. The food was delicious, reasonable prices, great service and so many options. It was such a blessing to be able to sit down and enjoy a nice, hot meal. I had the Zuni burrito (no egg, no tortilla). It had tofu, potatoes, spinach and mushrooms. It was hot and scrumptious and only $7.75. I also decided to try the Spicy Chickpea Lettuce Wrap which had two pretty big sized lettuce wraps topped with mashed garbanzo beans made with olive oil, red onions, celery, red bell pepper, cayenne pepper and paprika. It was all topped with fresh avocado and sundries tomatoes. It was only $7.50. I also loved that this place had lots of sit down seating. You just get in line to order, then they call your name. There were several lines with different options. There was a pizza station (with vegan and gluten free pizza!), a sandwich/ salad line, breakfast food/burgers and this place even had a coffee bar with specialty drinks and baked goods (I didn't see vegan/ gluten free baked goods). I will definitely try to get more layovers at this airport so that I can eat here again. :)
4	A quickie version of one of my favorite restaurants. Smoked salmon salad is still the way to go if you have the discipline of avoiding their carb-loaded goodies: pizza, pastries, gelato, etc. etc.  I hung around for some beers before a delayed flight. I'd avoid the red wine though; it was corky and pretty terrible. Small disappointment in an otherwise great airport option.
4	If you have time to wait for food, this is definitely the best place to eat for gates C and D!The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the waiting. Takes 15-20 minutes for a pizza and about 10 minutes for a sandwich but other than that it is great!Very good food for an airport and even on its own!!
5	Thanks SkyHarbor for putting a great quick place like this in the airport.   It was packed as usual and La Grande Orange has the same great english muffins and homemade jams as the location on 40th and Campbell.    Nice friendly staff and a great selection.    It was the busiest place in the airport and worth the limited wait.
1	Not the best experience for me and my wife.  Only reason for 1 star is because 1) we got our food, and 2) a man that seemed to be the manager/owner asked us if we needed help with anything while we waited for our food, showing that he's at least trying to act like he cares.My wife and I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich, a caesar salad, and 2 small mochas.The salad was pre-made, fair enough. Later on when I did finally eat it, it didn't taste fresh, and I hope they added lemon or something to the dressing, because it tasted kind of funny. Hopefully my stomach won't be making me pay the price.Our mochas came out next, and tasted cheap. And...did they use Hershey's chocolate syrup?! $3.50/ea for 12oz cups of cheap mocha, nice.Grilled cheese with fries took way too long to make. We stood around for a good 20-30 minutes, and was starting to get concerned that we wouldn't have enough time to each before we have to board our flight.The place is way overpriced. Over $20 for a small thing of lettuce, small grilled cheese with some  fries, and 2 small mochas.Oh, and the girl that took our order was...having a bit of an attitude. Someone's tired from working hard all day, I assume. Thanks for showing it to your customers!Overall, would NOT recommend this place at all to anybody.Pros:-Got our food-Next to our gateCons:-Bad food-Bad service-Slow-Overpriced-Possibly expired food
3	The La Grande Orange on Campbell set the curve on grading the airports location. Just doesn't have the same quality and the service is obviously  different. Hey, I would definitely say this is better than the fast food shit you would normally see on concourses. The set up of this restaurant leaves a lot of people confused as well. No one knows where to order and pickup. That could be that I had to put my order in at the pickup counter. Still a great place to pickup those muffins and latte before your flight.
5	My hubby and I were relieved to have a delicious food option while waiting in between flights. Here are my strong recommendations for you to try when ordering:1) Kale and Quinoa salad2) Avocado pizza (must try if you like margarita pizzas and avocado- good combination!)3) Gladiator pizza (red sauce is okay but the meat is good).A 5/5 experience. Customer service was impressive. Upbeat attitude at the register and when we were finished with our food, we had an attendant who took away our pizza racks right away. Wow! Very happy and satisfied!
4	Cute, hip, and with healthy options, La Grande Orange offers the hungry, tired traveller some good eats away from home. What I was most impressed about by this place (aside from the fact it is not only a pizzeria, sandwich shop, bakery, grill, and gelato shop!!!) is that they offer vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free options on their menu. They are well staffed and speedy.I got their spicy chickpea lettuce wrap, which was chickpea, avocado, and sundried tomato on lettuce wraps since I was craving something filling, but healthy and not too heavy for my slightly upset tummy. Was very pleased with the size of it for the price, especially since it came with a little fruit salad! Cost me right around $8. While waiting, I eyed other people's pizzas, burgers and fries, and baked goodies. All quality items!! Of note were their huge cookies, like the sea salt chocolate chip cookie. Overall an amazing airport place. Would hit this place up even if it were not in an airport. Considering the prices, you wouldn't guess it to be airport food!
5	I had the best experience at the airport LGO....far superior than the 50+ experiences I've had at the 40th street location.  The staff at this location are amazing, very attentive and provided excellent customer service...specifically Steve who made sure my order was just right after I made a request at the register.  It's hard to make an airport experience great, but they did it!
5	An extremely busy airport restaurant, but for good reason!  It has the LGO quality that we all crave, with fresh, local ingredients. It is truly a taste of home away from home, which makes traveling seem less sterile and dull. At breakfast, I recommend the commuter sandwich, it is easy to eat while you are sitting and waiting at the gate, and the english muffins are amazingly good. LGO is revolutionizing the airport food industry, and giving the Phoenix airport a good rap in the process. Take note, other airports! Real food is possible!
4	I have wanted to try LGO for some time now, and made plans to have it for dinner before I flew out last week. I found it at Gate D and was pleased at all of the stations and options they have - I'm pretty sure they offer their full menu, or pretty darn most of it. I had a glass of wine and the Gladiator pizza, and I grabbed a cookie for the flight. It took about 10 minutes for the pizza to be ready and I had to wait for it to cool down since it was piping. I really enjoyed it and their sourdough crust is a unique touch. My experience makes me definitely want to make it out to their restaurant.
5	I love this place. It's probably the best thing that has happened to an airport. Just imagine a great place for food, not expensive, and inside an airport... Usually, you have these chains and generic restaurants in there but not at Sky Harbor. There's an LGO.There's already an LGO "intersection" in Phoenix with the pizzeria, bakery, burger place and grocery. The food is great there. I compared the prices at the airport with the regular prices and they were the same! You would figured that you would get charged an arm and a leg because it's inside an airport. But no... great food, same price.I love the English muffins, the Kale salad and pizza. The sea salt chocolate chip cookie is good too. So if you are in Terminal 4 flying Southwest, you can head toward Gates C-D and grab some good food. It's worth the walk... or a ride on the moving walkway. You'll get there in like 2 minutes!The food is really good, the price is fair, the staff is great, and you have a HUGE variety of items to choose from on the menu. Sandwiches, pastries, pizza, salad, soup, etc. Go try it out next time, and then go to the regular LGO location too. You'll love that you did. :)
5	Great Place! Order the cheeseburger! It's perfectly juicy, crispy, cheesy and with it's crisp cut fries it's the best burger I've had!
4	I'M SO HAPPY!!! To have La Grande Orange in terminal 4! I had a wonderful green chile cheese burger and craft beer. The boys had lovely pizzas. Makes those pre-flight jitters so much easier to handle. Looking forward to breakfast in the future.
3	I was impressed by the amount of of choices ! There are a lot of sandwiches (hot and cold), burgers, soups salads, pizza and other things. I ordered a cheeseburger with pickles and fries. It took about 10 minutes to make, which really wasn't too bad. The burger was $13, so a little pricey but what else do you expect from an airport... However, it was tasty. The meat was extremely juicy, but the bottom bun was soggy mid way through. French fries were ok, not my favorite. Their ranch was not the business.My coworker got the margarita pizza and said it was really good. The soups an salads looked good. The person working the cash register was a sweetie and very attentive to all of the customers. :)
5	Outstanding.  I had the chickpea lettuce wraps, huge and awesome, plus better yet the kale & quinoa salad.  That is to die for.  I am in airports multiple times a week this place is the best.
4	Love the healthy food options at this place, much better than most of the things you can get at an airport. Food (breakfast) was good, service was quick, coffee was flavorful, and the menu had a good variety. Definitely a great place for someone to go to if they are spending a lot of time in an airport and don't always have access to tasty healthy food.I ordered the Daybreaker, which it a turkey egg white omelette, but what makes it tasty was the avocado salsa that came with it.Looking forward to my next trip.
4	LGO at the airport? Yes please!I'd heard that LGO had an airport location, but due to the fact that I typically fly US Airways, I never had an opportunity to visit... that is - until yesterday!  I flew Southwest back from New Orleans and to my pleasant surprise, LGO was located right next to the gate that I exited from.I was so excited to see it, and so impressed with the appearance, that I ended up grabbing a bite and sitting down to eat and do some work rather than rushing home like I usually do!They did a great job duplicating LGO in it's airport location.  The menu surprisingly offers *almost* everything that the original location at 40th Street and Campbell offers.  (I believe they are just missing the sushi.)  The airport has an LGO Bakeshop... don't miss the butterscotch oatmeal and chocolate chip with sea salt cookies!  And they have a Grateful Spoon gelato area too...  friendly service to boot!After eating my way through Nola, I passed on dessert this time around, but I went for the Thai Chicken Salad and it tasted just as great as it usually does; I guess they didn't compromise on quality at all!Now that I know this location exists, I may have to head to the airport a little earlier from now on... cheers to great local options at PHX for travelers!
3	Good pizza. I had the margarita pizza and really enjoyed it.  My wife had the cheese pizza. For her that bottom was a little burnt. This is a problem with these stone baked pizzas from time to time. The setup of this place in the airport had its high points and low points. Trying to get in a get food from the 3 different areas (burgers, bakery, pizza) in the place was odd even when there were few people. The tables were nice though. There are tables that have plug-ins for your devices. I would certainly go here again if I am in the Phoenix Airport.
5	Would be a 4-star in normal circumstances, but compared to most fast airport fare, this is a 5-star.I have eaten meals here twice and stopped here several times for coffee and a treat.  Each time has been quite good.  For food, I've tried a burger and also a hot sandwich, and each were good.  I enjoy the cold-brewed iced coffee very much, so that's my recommendation if you're not traveling at mealtime.  Get yourself an iced coffee with two $.75 mini-cookies, pour in some half-and-half and you have an excellent snack before hopping on your plane.  If you arrive in terminal D, grab an iced coffee to go and drag it out of the terminal on to your rental car bus.  It is a great pick-me-up to nurse for the whole day.
4	In Terminal 4, Gate D. For airport food, this is the best I've had! You can't really compare airport food to outside food because, really, who WANTS to eat at the airport?! You eat at the airport because you're stuck there.This place deserves the extra stars because I would actually eat at this place even if it wasn't in the airport, which I can't say about any other airport restaurant, except maybe one. I've spent  A LOT of times in airports! Trust me on this one. The food tastes extremely fresh and they have healthy options. I had the MOTHER EARTH PIZZA (full of delicious veggies), the mini cookies (they recommended the sea salt chocolate chip one, but the CHOCOLATE COOKIE was much better!!), the homemade english muffins (good, but not worth the $9 for 6), and the cute little ding dong things (good).Definitely top 5 airport restaurants I've been to.
4	Especially for airport options, thank god for LGO at Sky Harbor! The delicious margherita pizza was a tad heavy on the mozz, but better to have too much than too little! The pizzeria chop is lovely as well, with a nice balance of healthy veggies and savory (not so healthy) elements. (Hubby and I shared everything and def feel satiated.) Service is quick and informative. As far as airport food goes, this exceeds expectations. Who wants fast food crap when you can wait 10 min for relish real food? Oh...and $5 glasses of house wine are also a bargain at PHX!
4	Quick + Fresh + Vegan (super cheap) options!Had spicy chickpea wraps + kale salad for $16 at the AIRPORT! Would love to see this at LAX!!
5	Cubano hot sandwich is really good!! Ham, pickles & Cheese. FAST & FRIENDLY STAFF......just what you need when you're in a rush to catch a flight .
4	I agree this is a fairly amazing option for an airport, the veggie sandwich was above average, the ingredients were fresh and it comes with a healthy pineapple slice as a side.I also agree the ordering/pickup setup is a challenge.  There are two places to pickup your order depending on what you ordered which gets confusing when you order multiple items that need to be picked up from both stations, but overall it was great to have this place as an option during an airport layover.
4	Order a pizza or a kale salad with salmon. Actual order anything here and you'll be a happy camper. This is a must stop food option in the D Terminal at Sky Harbor. If you're a local Phoenician and have never been to their restaurant in the Phoenix area...it's also very cool. Traveller Tip: The airport ordering feels a little crazy at times when they're busy. The flow isn't quite clear unless they have an employee handing out menus. Pizzas take 15ish & are enough for 2 people.
4	The last few times I have eaten here the food has been awesome and the staff super nice. Looks like management has brought up the politeness & professionalism since my last review here. I would definitely recommend this spot now. The only down side is that the food takes a bit of time to get after you order at the register (about 15-20min). So if you are rushed for a flight, you might want to grab something pre-made here instead of a sandwich or something they have to prepare.
4	Ordered the burger.  Very tasty with a soft and light sesame bun.  Fresh shaved cheddar is served on the side, along with lettuce, tomato, red onion, and dill pickle slices. Fries are shoestring size with skin on and served in a paper bag.  Expensive (but tasty!) airport burger - $14.
4	Awese Cuban sandwich with gruyere cheese! Lemonade was really good (ingredients were lemon juice, sugar, water and egg whites) cause it was super sour and yummy! I Would have given this place 5 stars, however I first ordered a honey latte, didn't like it, and they wouldn't let me exchange it. But go figure for airport food, right?
4	Very nice that you can eat LGO in the airport before (or after!) a flight. The menu is smaller but the basic core items are there. I enjoyed a light, tasty veggie sandwich. I liked the mix of vegetables and I didn't feel heavy or greasy after eating it. The burgers people were ordering looked delish. My friend got a breakfast sandwich which he thought was pretty good but that the bun was a bit stale. Even though LGO is famous for their buns, we were thinking maybe the airport location doesn't always get to enjoy the super fresh quality that the Arcadia location gets to. Either way, it was still good.Next time I am at the Phoenix airport I will definitely stop by.
2	I wanted to grab something quick while we waited to board our flight home to California and this was the only place that looked decent in our terminal. The seating area was packed with people and their luggage but I table opened up and we snagged it. I got in line to get our food and was handed a menu. There were a lot of options but it was mainly different combinations of the same thing. I ended up ordered a BLT, which took forever to make. and a breakfast burrito, which was the quickest. If Peets was closer to us (we were dead tired from Spring Training) then I would have just gone there and spent less money for better coffee and breakfast. The BLT had a lot of avocado and bacon on it but it was not worth $9+ and the breakfast burrito, from what my boyfriend said, was okay. I don't think I'd go back to this place unless it was the only option.
2	Ordered an omelet with cheddar, tomatoes and avocado this morning. On the way off the plane. I was starving and looking forward to it. They called my name, I grabbed the box and walked out. To my extreme dismay upon leaving the terminal I found that I had revived what looked like one egg, omelet style, with no toppings. It tasted terrible. (See the image). I'm very disappointed in a restaurant that I usually enjoy. $7 for one egg is outrageous. I wanted to call them to get a refund and found no phone number listed, and this this review.
4	I was very surprised to find good quality and/or healthy choices at an airport. They offer a wide variety of foods from sandwiches to burgers to pizza. I had the Stacked Turkey Sandwich and I was shocked it was very good and it came with a lot of meat. Included with the sandwich were pickles and fruit. The prices are very reasonable, especially for an airport location. One gripe I have with the place is the order pickup. I can't entirely blame the workers because there are just so many people, both patient and impatient, ordering food. The workers are completely lost on orders and can't keep up calling the order numbers. If you can look past the questionable pickup, I definitely recommend this place if you have time and need food at the PHX airport (located at Terminal 4).
3	I'm so bummed out about this place. It used to be my favorite restaraunt in terminal 4 at sky harbor  I would walk from the A gates to the D gates just to get the mouth watering salmon salad or the Croque Monsieur sandwich. But after today I won't come back. I've walked the distance the last few times and each time being disappointed with the menu items. Apparently they have changed the items and now it's a bunch of chicken and tuna salad whatever, sandwich, salads etc. Ho hum. I still give it a three star because the service is fast and the items they do serve are ok.
1	Stupid a layout for coffee . All they do is sell u an empty cup and then point you to a corner to fill it Only room for 2 people and if they decide to mix it there, you are acrewed. Stupid stupid stupid
2	Overall, I found this place disappointing. Despite the name and orange theme, orange flavored dishes, even orange juice, are not on the menu. The entrance is surrounded by bottled water, evidently the most high margin item. The food itself was simply shameful, flaccid, damp, bitter French fries, unceremoniously shoved in a paper bag without napkins, grease seeping through easily. The green chillie burger was just a sloppy mess, served with unmelted, shredded cheddar. Go elsewhere.Edit: LGO, to their credit, reimbursed the cost of my meal after reading this review. Thank you.
5	LGO goes back to 5 stars for me. As soon as I expressed disappointment in the error in my recent order they reversed the charge and reached out to me to ensure that everything was addressed. They clearly care deeply about the satisfaction of their valued customers and I truly appreciate that. I never planned to stop coming here since I love there food so much, but it adds to the experience to know that I'm valued as a customer and that my voice is heard. 5 stars. Kudos LGO. Here's to more commuters in my future!
4	The food is great, especially for fast food at the airport. The salad was so fresh. The lines were long but worth the weight. I think they do a great job representing the LGO. So you should go if you are in the airport.
1	Hi, may I have the Cuban please? Very rudely, "Uhhh, you mean The Cubano?" Oh, not a good way to start our little transaction here. Well let me tell you that your little Cubano is horrible. I'm pretty sure if I owned a George Foreman Grill, had some miracle whip (CUBANS DON'T HAVE MAYO!!), Oscar Meyer ham, Vlasic pickles, and week old stale bread, I could still whip up a better sandwich than you served me. And probably quicker than in the 10 minutes it took you to make it. I definitely won't be returning here. Rude service, terrible sandwich, and too long of a wait, especially in an airport location.
5	I just love that there is an LGO in the airport now. I always get the day breaker omelet. Delicious every time! And even though this place is always slammed busy they push the food out pretty quick. Good coffee too.  Bathroom is right next door in case you need to make a pit stop before the flight. Last note, the larger tables have outlets in one or two of the corners so you can charge up while you eat.
1	Beware. Lousy food at a high price!!!What do you expect for airport food hu?  The burger was Raw, the chicken wrap turned out to be a "chickpea" wrap????  Ugggghh. And the fries have pepper on them. Thanks but no thanks I can do it my self IF I WANTED stupid PEPPER on them!
4	SO glad I was able to get food from here instead of my usual muffin & crappy cup of coffee from Starbucks.  It was about 530am & they were extremely busy but very helpful.  I ordered an english muffin, a honey latte & some sea salt chocolate chip cookies to take to my family back home.  My order came out quickly & the english muffin was huge, very fluffy.  The star of the show was the honey latte...mmm. No bitter, burnt taste, just smooth yummy coffee! My family & I loved the chocolate chip cookies! I'm a sucker for anything salted! I will be visiting their other location to try out more of their food. Can't wait!
4	For an airport restaurant, this place had an excellent pizza and salad bar!I had the "Mother Earth" pizza w broccolitini  shrooms. Onions, tomatoes artichokes and more = YUM - fresh oven baked thin crust , just the way I like it!Also had the shredded kale and quinoa salad and w the house dressing = really good!This is not solely vegetarian;  You can also get burgers etc , plus your coffees / espressos.
3	Airport food. Nothing like getting heart burn before a long flight, eh? But, this place wasn't too bad! Had a burger and fries, cooked to order, and it was pretty good. OK... I've now officially written an airport food review. Wonders never cease.
5	Great vegetarian sandwich!  Staff was courteous, timely, and the food was reasonably priced.  For a quick bite between flights, this restaurant was quite good.
5	Excellent burger. The California.  The fries are delicious.  The staff and cashiers were really friendly too.
5	the zuni burrito is delicious and filling. perfect before a flight....and no beans so no fear of hearing any "barking spiders" on the flight!!coffee is always fresh and strong. Sometimes wish i wasn't so neurotic about sweets because their cookies look sooooo good!
5	I had the best cookie ever. Peanut Butter Butterscotch! OMG. I wish I could order them online!
1	This is nothing like the LGO in Phoenix.  The food is typical food service airport faire.  Awful.  It is a shame they use the LGO name.  You would be better of eating at McDonalds.
5	Highly recommend their Mother Earth pizza and shredded kale/quinoa salad during your next layover. Good portions, fresh ingredients, nice presentation, portable/carry-on friendly. Was greeted upon entry by employee handing out menus. Can also view menu on board behind registers. Don't forget desert! I had an oatmeal butterscotch cookie that was delicious!
4	it's amazing here, great atmosphere. although i haven't ate here, the cookies are amazing!! i HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend the apple cookies there almost bigger than my hands.
4	Got the egg white and turkey omlet with the avocado/tomato salsa. It was awesome that they used a real egg. Everything looks like it was made today, not brought over pre-made in a Sysco truck. Good service. Good food. It was a little bit on the salty side, but for airport food, solid.
4	The Sky Harbor has many great options for food and this place is no exception. They do pizza, sandwiches, burgers, and salads. I was feeling pizza and I ordered the "Fallen Angel". It came with sausage, fennel, onions, mozarella and red sauce. The pizza was well cooked with a nice chew and the pizzas are single serving. I was impressed.
1	eww....delicious burrito......until i pulled a 12 inch long black hair from it! gross. and couldnt return it because we were already at another gate. normally super tasty burrito but not today.
2	Worst espresso I've had in years. Ordered a double, and it barely cornered the bottom of the cup. Very, very bitter. Purchased a kale salad to take on the flight; it was tasty and nutritious.
2	This place is SOOO expensive. I couldn't believe how much a burger costs and a pizza.  I mean they were good but really, I could feel my entire army of kids with 1/3 of what we paid for both of these meals.  To make matters worse, I didn't know where the heck to pick up the pizza we ordered.  There weren't any signs or anything.  We stayed on the left side near the fridge because we ordered on that side.  We received our drinks and our burger on that side but when I asked about our pizza, the workers were looking at me oddly and then treated me horribly like I was supposed to know to pick up the pizza on the other side.  Really people.  I want to give this place even less stars but the food was actually good.  Boo to getting food at the airport and rude people.
4	The cookies here are fantastic.  Big, thick, and delicious.  The employees who work here are typical airport employees though.  overall a good experience.
4	I have walked past LGO a dozen times because I thought it was just a coffee and snack place.  As it turns out, they have an impressive selection of fresh, green, and healthy creations ready for takeout for the hurried business traveler.  And for those in less of a hurry you've got sandwiches, burgers, pizza, and more cooked to order. I had the spicy chick pea lettuce wraps - I'm not a vegetarian by any means, but to my great surprise this dish not only tasted good, but actually filled me up too.  The layout of the joint was a bit confusing and the general flow of foot traffic needs improvement. I'll swing by for another bite next time I'm in this wing of the airport, especially considering the only other food option here is the less-than-average Mexican restaurant next door.
4	I purchased the yogurt parfait with granola while awaiting a flight. I have eaten numerous parfaits over the years, and this had to be the best. The yogurt was neither sweet nor tart, the fruit was abundant and fresh, and the granola had great texture and crunch. It really hit the spot.
4	Pizza usually takes 10-15 mins to make but it's fresh & hot. Love the kale salad and gotta order an mini AtoZ cookie for dessert! I love that this is location in Terminal D at Sky Harbor. There are always lines here so if you're in a rush to connect to your flight, watch out. It could take 10-15 minutes since most items are made to order. The grapefruit sunrise bevy is fresh and tart. But the small is a bit pricey for $3.00.
4	Great salads and unbelievable pizzas. I spend a lot of time in airports and it's very rare to have the same quality food and service at an airport location as the original restaurant. Definitely worth the walk to D gates.
4	I did not know there was a La Grande Orange location in the airport until last week! I had never been there before, but always wanted to try. I love that there is so much variety, so many healthy options, and so many vegetarian options!The pizza sounded pretty great, I'll have to try it sometime, but I wasn't super hungry so I went for a salad. I got the Kale Quinoa Salad without cheese, and it was very good. Sometimes kale has an odd taste, or the taste is just overpowering, but I really enjoyed it in this salad. It also came with a lemon vinegarette which was also good.My sister and mom split a burger and chicken ceasar salad, and they both really enjoyed their food as well. Their only complaint was that they did not like one of the dressings, luckily they had it on the side.For dessert we tried an array of cookies! The chocolate chip sea salt was good, but there was too much salt on them. The butterscotch oat cookies were probably my favorite, I love butterscotch. We also tried the A to Z cookie, which was okay, and the peanut butter cookie, which was much better than we had expected it to be!Next time I'm hungry and in terminal D, I will be making a return. Also hope to check out the original La Grande Orange location in the near future!
1	Well, I tried to get my LGO fix before I left Phoenix. I made the mistake of thinking the airport version was the same as the flagship location in Arcadia. I have been to the flagship store over 100 times, and the food quality is always consistent & excellent. Their pizza is amazing yes, but so is their green chile burger. It's a generous beef patty made with never-frozen grass-fed beef. Now for the airport version of the green-chile burger that doesn't belong in the same universe: the beef patty was not the same weight, it was a thin, dry McDonald's quality patty. It lacked flavor and was just old & tired. Also I asked for it to be cooked medium & it was well-done. I don't think the English muffin was from LGO. There was no Russian dressing. The green chiles were soggy & disgusting to the point I took them off. I didn't have time to bring it back since I had to board a plane. If you are looking for a top-notch restaurant in Phoenix give LGO in Arcadia a try. Skip the airport location which is bringing down their brand that they have been trying to establish for many years.
4	Ive eaten here several times and i always get the zuni burrito which is tofu chorizo. Im not vegan but i like it. The wait today was ridiculous though. Normally i get my food in a reasonable amount of time but thus time...Fortunately, i was just dropping my son off and was not in a rush.
1	The only thing I can think of while I was eating my soup was what was I thinking. I should've just save my appetite till I came home.  I would have been starving, but I rather be starving than had eaten that disgusting soup.  I could have saved my five dollars for this disgusting, salty, chicken vegetable soup.
5	Quick airport food really can't get any better.  Everything is top notch here. Great burger!
5	These guys are amazing! I usually grab a bite here when I pass through the Phoenix airport because they offer healthy good food choices. The last time I was passing through, I didn't think I'd have time. I asked at the air carrier desk and was told boarding was delayed by 40 minutes so I went and placed an order. While waiting, they started boarding my flight (air carrier was mixed up and referenced wrong flight), so when I asked how quick it would be ready, Ski (?) told me just to board and they'd deliver my food. Found this hard to believe as they were very busy, but I trusted him. Before the plane closed the door, the flight attendant came to me with a bag from La Grande Orange withy meal - a veggie panini sandwich that was delicious! I think they need to start promoting that service of meal delivery on the runway. It was an awesome experience and so impressed with Ski's degree of customer service.
5	This place is wonderful! Great food, friendly employees, and I love the environment. My sister and I go here any chance we get! Highly recommend this place.
4	I have never been to a LGO. The staff was very welcoming and friendly. They made some great suggestions and made sure I knew all of the options. The dining room staff member seemed to really enjoy what he was doing, kept all the tables clean and worked very fast and efficiently. The cookies are HUGE and tasted great and fresh. The burger is more of a slider when it comes to size. So you may consider getting a side. Most of the guests I saw in the dining area ordered freshly made pizzas that looked outstanding! I would stop by here again when visiting the airport!
3	I would love this place alot more if i could ever figure out where to order or where to pick up my food.  Super disorganize layout.  The food is average for the aiport, but decent coffee.  Its definitely a better than the  taco joint next door.  However, your best bet at sky harbor is to eat on the main concourse in terminal 4.  Once you get past security the selection of food drastically narrows.
5	Holy shit...the first bite of my burrito filled my mouth with the most incredible flavor! Omg this breakfast burrito is delicious!! Add Cheese its perfect!  Probably the best burrito I've ever tasted and I've had a lot on my 22 years of living in PHX. Geez I gotta go this burrito is off the hook, it cannot wait!
4	I had the bbq bacon cheeseburger and it was quite tasty.  The cookies are huge and delicious!  Try the A-Z cookie for something unique (variety of nuts, chocolate chips and cornflakes).  The sea salt chocolate chip cookie also looked quite good, and they have a few gluten-free cookies too
