5	Every Sunday, from 9:30am until 2:30pm, Bally's Steakhouse takes on a new persona, that of a restaurant serving the most phenomenal brunch on the Strip, one worthy of royalty if kings and queens were into lining up for an all-you-can-eat experience. While Vegas buffets tend to be carbon copies of each other, Sterling offers an abundance of dishes you'll find nowhere else in town. Ostrich tenderloin, Maine lobster, braised rabbit with buttered linguine, stone crab, striped sea bass and capers, freshly-prepared sushi, caviar and foie gras, peppercorn-encrusted rack of lamb, Sturgeon caviar, and lobster mingle with more traditional - and, in comparison, very mundane - breakfast fare like omelets and waffles on tables laden with enough food to feed a small Third World nation. Footmen in formal dress keep Perrier Jouet champagne flowing, and the desserts rival those to be found in the finest Parisian patisseries. Damn the expense . . . with any luck, you can always win it back - and then some - at the tables later on. Reservations are essential.
5	This is the best buffet ever, hands down! Imagine all you can eat lobster and caviar, all you can drink champagne, fresh squeezed orange juice, exquisite rack of lamb, artisan cheeses, and you've just barely begun to imagine the delights in store for you. It's not cheap, but you won't be disappointed!Reservations are required.
5	Each Sunday morning, Bally's Steakhouse shifts gears into Sterling Brunch and put out an incredible spread of delicacies. Dark-wood, leather and fire place give the dining room a cozy, warm feel.The cold station has featured fresh-smoked Nova salmon with bagels, caviar with blini, exotic fresh fruits, salad, Uni(Sea Urchin) and made to order Sushi. The hot station features: Lamb Chops with herbes de Provence mousseline, Tenderloin of Roast Beef with queso fresco, made to order Omelets, Oven Baked Main Lobsters etc. Dessert selections are incredible as well, from Creme Brulee, Fresh Fruit Tarts, cookies, to Banana Flambe served with crepes and vanilla bean ice cream.Their detail to attention(from food selections, settings and service) is what makes this buffet one of the best in Vegas. This' a great buffet restaurant for special occasions, and I'm sure you and your guests will not be disappointed.
4	We wish we could say that we're hip cats and always have our finger on the pulse of the Vegas dining scene.  We could say that to all of you in Yelp-land, but we'd be lying.We heard about the Sterling Brunch from that cheezy Food Network show.  You know, the one where that dopey guy and that irritating woman who looks like a soccer mom on crystal meth travel around the US eating their way into insanity.  We saw the show and became brainwashed like the rest of America.  We're ashamed, and we admit it.Fortunately for us though, Sterling Brunch turned out to be a sweet find.  Soccer mom and dopey dude really found a gem here which is not an easy thing to do in Vegas, the land of endless buffets, fine food, and excess.What makes this buffet so different?  My friend, if you have to ask then you are not worthy.  We'll let others on this forum describe the food and just say that the quality is top-notch.The setting is in a space usually occupied by the steakhouse at Bally's.  Dark hardwood surrounds you and waiters in tuxedos tend to you with offerings of mimosas (using good quality champagne) and cloth napkins.  The best part of this brunch is that the irritating hillbilly tourist families are usually turned away by the price ($65 per person).  That's right folks!  You won't have some bratty snot covered 2 year old running up and down the aisles chasing her flea-infested brother.  Nope, the people here are actually somewhat presentable.Make sure to secure reservations in advance as walk-ins were turned away when we went.  Also, the Sterling Brunch only happens on Sundays, so you'll be mightily disappointed if you show up at their door on say a Tuesday morning looking for fine grub.  Bring an extra stomach and make the wifey take her largest purse so you can steal extra food for the flight home.
4	**HIC** Gluttony. High quality buffet items here, and it'd better be for the price **HIC** - the lobsters were tasty, i think i ate 5 of them, and there was caviar with creme fraiche, stone crab claws, you know all the expensive stuff that your parents make you eat at lesser buffets. All that stuff **HIC** is here. Oh yeah, unlimited Perrier Jouet champagne! I drank 3 bottles of it..... in 2 hours. **HIC**
4	Best and most expensive buffet I've ever been to.  Around $70.Been here many times over the years.  I agree with VA F. that it is too bad the price went up AND the quality went down a bit.  The unlimited high quality alcohol is probably the real justification for the price.Make a reservation - the wait can be long.  However, they've opened up 2 adjacent restaurants for seating room, so it is no so bad anymore.  You just have to walk a ways to the food.So, the best part about this buffet is the great champagne and sake.  Very high quality.  You need to keep drinking to make sure it is worth the price (like cheng K, who finished 3 bottles! amazing.)  I can only manage 1 bottle and several sake shots.One time I had some pasta with real truffled sauce - it was heavenly.Unlimited caviar - though I don't think I like it too much.  The lobsters they have are the cheaper 1/2 pounders - presplit so all the favors are leeched out.
5	WOW!!!! My favorite brunch BY FAR.  All you can eat lobster, crab, basically anything high end.  The guy that makes the omelets presents himself as though he's THE KING of omelet making, hahaha.  That's fine with me, as he makes some kick ass omelets.  Oh and the deserts are excellent as well.One of the things that always stood out to me was the amazing service.  If you ask for a drink, literally it's there in 30 seconds.  Bravo Sterling Brunch.Some people may balk at the idea of paying $65 per person for a brunch, but as soon as you're there, you quickly forget that you paid that.  You almost feel like you're taking advantage of them, hahahaha.  This place is certainly a hidden gem.
4	Wow!! its like stepping back into 1985.. Very cool as your waiter seats you pours Perrier jouet then when you come back to your seat with your first plate of  lobster tail and silver side beef etc he takes your plate and puts it on the table for you "That's service"The foods amazing as its just the best of  the best, as i dont really see this as a buffet as its just different in all ways! I had Lobster and a chicken and mash potato which was really tasty. But the best thing was the desserts AMAZING but beware they have these glasses that look like you should eat but there just decoration like the little round biscuits which again dont pick up as they are again decoration... Would have given five starbars but its the price $75 just that bit over-priced... but the service was v-good. The most expensive brunch i have ever eaten
3	Food was abundant.More expensive for a buffett but all the Perrier Jouet you can drink all the lobster you can eat and all the caviar you can slurp down!Service was terrible though.  We gave the waitress our credit card and it took ehr 30 min to get us the bill.  Than the manager comes over and tells us why hav eyou not left yet our buffett is closed and we need to open the restaraunt so we let him know that the waitress still ahs our cards and we just want to get out of here.GO for the food not the service.  After all it is a buffett but even so for $75 their should be some level of quality.
5	Ive done the Sterling Brunch twice already, and when i go to vegas next week, im gonna do it again.Lobster, prime rib, make your own everything.the food is yummy.but thats not all, the never ending flow of PJ! w00t!you cant always count on me to get drunk drinking champagne before 11am!
5	Best brunch ever, bar none!  Went there for my big 40, hubby must have clued someone in that it was my birthday beacuse every staff member said Happy birthday to me.  We were seated almost right next to the actual buffet, we were a little higher up so we could see it really well.  The good champagne and high end water were free flowing and each time we got up our napkins were reset to their original folded design.  Of course there was the usual lobster and caviar you always hear about, and both were great!  There's also huge peeled shrimp, mini filets that were cooked perfectly (still pink in the middle!)  rack of lamb, cooked to order omlettes, sushi, lobster fritatta, escargot, gnocchi, smoked salmon, not to mention delicious salads and fresh fruit, such as strawberries and raspberries.  The best part is that they didn't put out tons at a time to sit out on the steam tables for hours, rather they constantly restocked smaller portions.  No eggs benedict sitting on a tray for hours on end here!  Even the waffles were put out in small portions with the chef making new ones every few minutes.  Nothing tasted old or stale here!The dessert area is by the entrance, away from the other foods which was kind of nice.  Here a cook made Bananas Foster to order, but there were so many other good desserts here I skipped that.  A few different kinds of cheesecake, huge chocolate covered strawberries, fruit tartlets, and white chocolate mousse were my choices.To anyone going here my advice is pace yourself and take a walk through the casino to the restroom at least once so you can catch your second wind and fill up on more of the delightful food and champagne here.  We spent 2 1/2 hours here before waddling out,  we didn't need to eat again until late that night, and then only a hotdog.
5	Pass the champagne (the good stuff) and serve up the lobster!  What an experience!!!!  From the moment we checked in, we were treated like royalty. Champagne is available while you wait and, with reservations, the wait isn't long. Soon enough you'll be escorted into the dining room. From that point on, your champagne glass won't dip below a sip or two without the ace crack staff refilling it (what else to do in Vega$ but get loaded on a Sunday morning?!?).  The brunch is a total delight. I usually abstain from brunches because I can't eat enough of the mediocre fare to justify the entry fee. This is entirely different. A unique and fabulous selection awaits you. The highlights are the lobster (tails! claws! sweet and tender), the caviar (ask about it at the sushi bar) and the tremendous dessert ROOM.  Yes, this is THE life. Expensive as it might be ($75 per person), this spectacular experience is well worth the money!!!!
5	Gluttony.  If there could be one word to summarize my experience it would be that.  This buffet is not only the best in Vegas, it's probably the best I've ever been to.  My gfs and I spent 2.5 hours drinking and eating well as best as we could before our flights back home.  Our server, Scott, made sure our champagne glasses were never empty and our plates were always cleared (there were plenty of empty plates with piles of crab legs and lobster shells).  The selection is definitely the top of the line, there were huge shrimps and delicious caviar.  The herb crusted lamb chops were definitely the best I've ever had.  Then for dessert, there are white chocolate-covered strawberries and freshly made crepes.  Before being seated there's a stack of printed menus of what is being served for the day.The $75 price tag is definitely not too much to pay for this delicious buffet of gluttony.
5	WOW!The ultra high end Vegas brunch!  If you're gonna be gambling, might as well come here for brunch.  While it's pricey at $75, it's totally worth it because you end up staying there for at least a couple of hours, think of it as saving money at the tables :-p.It's only open on Sunday and it is actually inside one of Bally's other restaurants.  Reservations are highly recommended, if not required.This is truely a full service buffet with unlimited champaign & drinks (don't know about the other alcohols though).  The selection was AMAZING, almost any kind of seafood you want, king crab legs, baked lobster, crab cakes, oysters, shrimp and of course, the CAVIAR!!!!  As much as you want and the quality is surprisingly good.  Not over salted.  All kinds of carving stations too!  When we went there were 2 kinds of rack of lamb, prime rib, turkey, etc.  They also had a very good braised bison short rib, yes I said bison :-p.Lots and lots of desserts as well, the champaign raspberry gelee was tasty as were the chocolate dipped strawberries.Next time we're in Vegas on Sunday, we'll definitely be at Sterling Brunch!
5	If you want to eat at one of the best brunches in Las Vegas, this is one.  It's not cheap.  Make sure you have reservations and make sure you bring your appetite.  Here when you get served water, it's Perrier, the champagne is Perrier Jouet..not the flower bottle but it's very nice.   Sure they have whole cracked lobster as does several places but here you'll get Sturgeon cavier, Chilean Sea Bass,  crab, lamb, an omelet station, etc.
5	Great and attentive service!  Restaurant quality (un-buffet like) food.  Unlimited Perrier Jouet champagne.  If you love seafood and late breakfast this place is where it's at in Vegas on Sunday.  Definitely a bargain for the price you're paying, one of the hidden gems LV.
5	What more can you ask of a world that gives you food,Great place when you want to indulge yourself on Sunday ~Unlimited champagne, rack of lamb, prime ribs,tons of seafood....lobster, king crab legs,salmon,....you name it.Needless to say, the desserts....making my mouth water running just thinking of it, cream brulee, jelloy custard, all kind of cakes,don't forget to order a cup of coffee when you are prepared for the desserts.  Their coffee is the best.
4	Little did I know this place was going to cost me $85 bucks. I was going in prepared to pay $65-70 but $85 was a bit too much and definitely not worth it hence the star reduction.Reasons for star reduction:1) oysters looked disgusting. yes it was nice that it was offered and i would have been eat ting them up. but these look like they'd make you sick and they didn't look fresh at all2) lobster wasn't coming out fast enough. there was always a 10-15 minute wait to get to the lobster! which wastes your precious eating time3) the dining room is separated. they use two restaurants to house the sterling brunch. the steakhouse and another restaurant. we got sat in the other one, i think it was Italian. so we had to walk pretty far to get to the food. i was quite disappointed with this4) had to wait 15 minutes with a reservation when the waiting list without one was 15-20 minutes. whats the point of the reservation? and we still got a crappy seatWhy its at least 4 stars1) the lobster, when you actually got it it was fab.2) champagne was unlimited and Delicious. a bit slow on the refills but still nice to have. and when he did refill he only gave me half a glass even when i asked for a full glass. i thought that was rude.3) they had chocolate cover strawberries as dessert- MY FAV!4) lamb was good and not super gamey 5) shrimp cocktail6) caviar by request overall. i feel like they didn't refill the foods fast enough. there was always a wait for something and the setup of the food made it so that the line for the lobster [at the end] block all the other foods [crab legs prime rib]super excited to go and thoroughly disappointed. even the desserts weren't refilled that quick.not worth $85 bucksI'd like to go again and give this place a second chance if it went back to $65
5	A very classy and elegant dining experience, despite the fact that it is a buffet.  Unlimited high-end eats, fabulous beverages, attentive service and you'll have the rest of your Sunday to nap.  Worth every penny.  Ahhhh, life is DAMN GOOD!
3	Bally's Sterling Brunch was just okay.  I had the same reservations as many people did, how can a buffet offer great food?  Convinced by yelp reviews and the lure of a high price tag - $85.00, I foolishly thought it must be good.In the end, regardless of the high price tag, it boils down to one thing.  You can only expect so much from a buffet.  At a buffet, food will be sitting around so it can't be at it's best.  My husband and I did not enjoy the Champagne and ended up drinking orange juice or water.  FRESH SMOKED NOVA SALMON- it wasn't the best quality of smoked salmon.  Can get better at Whole Foods.AMERICAN STURGEON CAVIAR- had to ask someone where the caviar was since it was dispensed by two Asian woman guarding not only the caviar but the sushi. The caviar had a slightly salty and fishy taste which was good but did not pop in my mouth.  Instead, the texture was a bit mushy.SHRIMP COCKTAIL- fineCRAB CLAWS- not the freshestGRILLED MARINATED VEGETABLES- fineFRUIT- my husband had tons of it and fruit was very tastyCRANBERRY CRUSTED RACK OF LAMB- okay and tasted a little gameyGRILLED FILET MIGNON, POTATO CROQUETTES- I am not a big meat eater but the filet mignon was tasty and the sauce was good.  Loved the potato croquettes.DESSERTS- tried an assortment of desserts and they looked a lot better than they taste.  Not worth the calories.In all fairness it is a buffet; hence 3 stars and not 2, and one of the better ones.  With that said, will we go back?  Let's just say, even if Bally's changed their price to $35.00, the quality of food was not up to par, so my husband and I will not be returning.
3	Wanted to splurge and have the $85 brunch just to say I've eaten an $85 brunch. Was it worth $85? I'm not so sure. I must have had an entire bottle of Perrier Jouet Champagne Brut which costs $32 at BevMo. That coupled with the lobster, cheese, and Cognac omelets could make the meal worth $60, but not $85. We had a party of 6, but we did not all arrive at the same time. They ended up seating 2 people right next to the brunch line and the rest of us in another room about a city block from the food. Making reservations is a MUST for this place. You MUST request to be sat near the brunch line. Otherwise, you'll be walking off all that Brut and Lobster you've just stuffed your face with. We ended up getting moved over to the prime location next to the food so it wasn't that much of a pain.The mini Belgian waffles were very good. The fruit was very fresh. The caviar was well.... it was caviar. The good thing about this place is that you don't have to eat another meal for a solid 8 hours. The wait staff was very friendly. He was able to split the bill 5 different ways, which was nice. One other thing about this brunch is that it's not an enormous amount of food that you find elsewhere. The restaurant itself is not that large so being in the brunch line itself, feels very cramped. I say go for it if you have an extra $85 to spend and your significant other doesn't mind lobster farts. Just make sure to line your purse with ziplock bags so you can bring home extra crab legs to your family and friends. ;)
5	I hesitated at this one, I'm not a fan of buffets to start with and $85 seems a little steep, but the lure of unlimited fancy champagne and lobster got me.  I am so glad I went!!  This is not one of those overly stocked buffets with a million choices that make no sense but what is there is amazing!  I must have had 2 bottles of champagne on my own, so right there the price is justified (to me at least!) but then I had almost 2 full lobsters, alaskan crab claws, belgian waffles, prime rib and all of it was quality!  Well one of my lobster halves was stringy and not good but the rest was perfect.  The waiters were so happy and jovial, the service was amazing, anything we asked for we got asap, the rest of the staff were very accommodating and when they would run out of lobsters or anything else, I didn't have to wait more than 2 minutes for them to refill, and that includes champagne refills, they were not stingy there!!  I highly recommend this buffet but don't go if you don't eat shellfish or drink champagne, because then it will be a waste of your money!  A few tips, make a reservation, if you don't, they stick you in the side restaurant so you have to walk through 2 restaurants and back to get your food and they say the dress is business casual but it's really more casual than that, we saw lots of people in sneakers and otherwise dressed down.
3	This is the most expensive meal I've had in a while. At $85 a person I was expecting EVERYTHING to be damn delicious, especially since their food selection wasn't massive. I don't mind if there are fewer choices but PLEASE, make it good! This just wasn't was the case. Problems: -The eggs benedict was not served right. The tray they kept it in was very warm and probably continued to cook the eggs until basically it tasted and had the consistency of hard boiled eggs. Eggs benedict is nothing without the runny yolk. -The lobster bisque was not good; it didn't have a strong lobster taste at all. If the "lobster bisque" name card wasn't there, I wouldn't have known what the heck it was. It's also served in a tall cylinder and they don't provide a place to put the lid. The soup handle was also steaming hot and burned my hand! :( -I've had comparable or better lamb with less fat on it. -After I took a bite out of my steak, I asked my bf where the filet mignon was. He said, "you're eating it". Need I say more?-Maybe this is my problem but what's the big deal about the caviar? It tastes like tiny salty balls. I didn't experience any other flavors. I guess I just don't know how to eat it... If you're like me and not really used to caver, I'm pretty sure you won't be falling out of your seat with that "OMG this is delicious" feeling either. -The orange juice was served in the smallest cups I've never used while dining out so obviously one gulp and it was done. Our server was not as fast on refilling as some other yelpers experienced. We had to remind him a couple of times. Highlights: -Obviously the unlimited lobster had to be one of them. They were served as halves with hot butter. I'm not normally head over heels about lobster but the ones here were very flavorful and soft. Definitely the best ones I've had! However, my bf wished the meat was a little more firm. He's the lobster lover and this brunch was more for him. Sorry hun! -Very fresh oysters and crab! Not for one moment did I question if I'd get sick like I do at Rio's seafood buffet. :P -The desserts were as beautiful as they were delicious! SOO many times it happens that buffets have very pretty desserts so you load up a big plate, only to be extremely disappointed! At Sterling, almost every dessert I tried was great. I mistakenly picked up the lemon meringue tart (not a fan) but it was delicious! Fluffy, airy meringue and there was a sweet lemon flavor that didn't overpower the tart at all. You could taste the attention that went into it and all the layers of the tart. The only dessert  that I didn't like was the chocolate dipped strawberry covered in pistachios. The nuts weren't as crunchy as fresh ones would be, way more chewy than expected. The chocolate could have been better quality too.Would I come back? For this price, I think I'd rather go to a fancy restaurant than to a fancy buffet.
4	Well I had alot of doubts about making a reservation here for my bf and I over Valentine's day weekend after reading mixed reviews but I figure if he could splurge and take me to Alize at the Palms then I can splurge and treat him to this buffet.And oh what a buffet it was, granted it is in Bally's...somewhere where you would not expect an $85 buffet. I actually saw a gentleman walk up to ask the hostess about it and as soon as she mentioned the price he held up his hand and walked away. We got there on the earlier side, I think around 10am and it started to get a bit more crowded by the time we waddled out at 11:30. One thing that they do ask is if you have a platinum player's card, if you dont then you get seated in the restaurant next to the buffet...it really didnt bother me and I felt that it wasnt that much of a walk.The service was excellent, we had two waiters who were constantly filling up our champagne glasses...I must have down an entire bottle because I was pretty toasted by 10:30am..but while in the city of sin...Anyways, on to the food -- this did not have as many choices as the other upscale buffets but we were extremely happy with everything that was there that day. The half lobsters were excellent and of varying sizes, we managed to finish a lobster each and I didnt need butter for mine, it was pretty moist and tender and flavorful. There was also a yummy lobster ravioli, the paella looked good but I didnt try it. My bf tried the veal marsala and said it was excellent.They had a weird take on eggs benedict using corned beef instead of canadian bacon, I just took that out and subbed some of the salmon, the eggs were a little to done but it was still fine. The crab claws were eh still pretty frozen but the jumbo shrimp were divine, very plump and yummy. I'm glad that I read reviews before that said where the caviar was because you really wouldn't know to ask the sushi lady, I am no caviar expert and ate mine with some raw oysters. The sake was wonderful we had a few shots and it went down to easy. The sushi was standard and nothing to write home about. They had a carving station with some yummy looking lamb, alot of fresh fruit and a omelette station but we didn't have room for any of those. I was so full that I didnt really get to sample to much of the desserts which is a shame because they were gorgeous and I think they had a girl that made crepes, I had a chocolate covered strawberry and they have a mix of little cakes and puddings. Oh and you will be full for the entire day, at least we were.All in all I felt that I got my money's worth, it seems like there are on days and off days so I am grateful we went on an ON day.
5	The first time i heard about this brunch, i didn't even think twice, i KNEW i would be coming here on my trip to Vegas. In fact, it was the first reservation I made. The only thing that I was iffy about was paying $85 per person for brunch but i must say IT WAS WORTH IT!!! I actually think the 85 is cheap!! Okay... what was good.. everything! I am the pickiest person when it comes to buffets and i love to complain but starting with the service when you walk in, the waiter filling all your glasses ( champagne - Perrier jouet ~ freshly squeezed OJ) The food was to die for , everything tasted perfect. I had of course, the lobster tails ( wont say how many i had, but lets leave it at ALOT) fillet Mignon, the lamb chops, the eggs Benedict, well everything was amazing. They also had an omelet station with their specialty lobster and cognac omelet. Anyways, i was in heaven. I'm super picky when it comes to buffet and this is the best one ever. Oh!!!! and order a bloody mary.. delicious!! especially if the night before you stayed up until 7 am then had to be up for 11 am reservations.
5	If you're pissed that you lost most of your hard earned money on Wheel of Fortune and want one last shot at beating the house, pony up the $85 for this fantastic buffet brunch and follow this strategy...drink at LEASTone bottle (that's about 5 glasses) of the Perrier Jouet Champagne.  wholesale cost approx  $30/boteat 5 whole lobsters. wholesale cost approx $5 per lobster assuming they're using the frozen precooked canadian oneseat 6 ounces of american paddle fish caviar. food cost approx $20/ozeat 1 dozen oysters; food cost approx $12/dozenif you're not drunk and puking on the way to the bathroom, at this point come back and try the lobster ravioli, lobster-boursin cheese omelet, eat 4 chops off a colorado lamb rack, then finish with the champagne jello and jumbo chocolate dipped strawberries.if only this place served foie gras....
4	I want to warn everyone the BRUNCH is $85.  Yes that's right $85.  It's up to you if you believe it to be worth it.  It includes the following:-Lobster-Caviar-Prime Rib-Roasted Lamb-Assorted Cheese-House champagne for mimosas-Dessert Bar - with a chef!Those are just the starters.  The food as far as I remember exceptional.  I think because i took my time to enjoy everything.  I suggest that if you want to truly enjoy it, take your time and take it in.  No rush.  They replenish everything pretty quick.  Their dessert bar is pretty good as well.  This place get's pretty packed even with the price tag.  Make sure you call for reservations.  If you don't mine the splurge try this place out.  Like I said there's rarely any place that serve lobster, prime rib, lamb for brunch.  The Ritz Carlton's Easter Brunch is about $75 so for $10 more you get caviar and a active chef at the dessert bar.  In my oppinion the money was well spent for me.  I love food and I love taking my time.  The service was amazing as well for a buffet.
4	If you don't drink champagne, this is a bad value. But if you do - jackpot! All the bubbly you can drink, and delicious, plentiful food. I think I went back to the dessert table three times. I was in a group of five, and it was the perfect place to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon drinking, pigging, gabbing - did I mention drinking yet? We did get seated in a room with a wedding party reception, and that was a little awkward. My friend said that by the end of the meal she felt like we owed them a wedding present!At $85 a head, it's definitely a splurge. But this is a buffet like no other. Truly event dining. Hint to Bally's: I do wish that Bloody Marys were included in the price.
2	I'm not saying its bad, but for $100/person, I'd rather eat 20 double doubles, 2 Jim Brady cuts at Lawry's, line up at the Wynn buffet 3 times and then gorge on frozen custard at Luv-It with the money I have left over!  The service was ok, our waiter was nice but never refilled our drinks.  Even when you'd ask, he'd always forget.  (then again he was 95yrs old, yes 95. Homeboy looked liked a corpse from the Bodies Exibit at Tropicana)WARNING:  They raised their prices and haven't disclosed it yet, so don't fall out of your chair like we did when the bill arrived.
4	This is the mother of all buffets.  Although it is quite good, it comes with a steep price tag of $85 before tax and gratuity.  However, how many buffets are you being served lobster, caviar, mums champagne, rack of lamb, king crab legs? None!  You never have to worry about running out of lobsters or any food, as they constantly keep refilling it.  My champagne glass was always filled as service was very attentive.  If you love lobster and seafood, check the place out as its the only buffet that has it.
5	this is hands down the best buffet that i've ever been to.  yes, it is expensive, and no, you probably won't eat your money's worth (ok, i'm sure some of you do but i gave it my best effort and failed).  the key to enjoying this brunch, is to not think about the price.  its like going out to eat dinner at any other of the fancy las vegas restaurants.service was excellent, they gave you that fine dining atmosphere, but it was a buffet, so you don't feel out of place in your t-shirt and flip flops.  we made reservations and i requested to be as close to the buffet as possible.  champagne was excellent and the waiter was on point as my glass never dipped below half full.the food itself was superb.  i'm a seafood hound so i was in heaven with cracked and opened snow crab claws, king crab legs, and mobs of whole lobster.  now i will say that the lobster is a tad overdone as lobster meat tends not to hold up well in a chafing dish.  but it was still excellent.  the caviar, that the sushi maker guards with her life, was also excellent.  but the best thing i ate had to be the pink peppercorn encrusted lamb chops.  i'm not normally a lamb fan, so i tried this at the very end when i was already full, and it blew me away.  i was so disappointed i hadn't tried it earlier when i still had real estate available in my stomach. they also had excellent made to order omelets and pasta which my vegetarian (yeah, totally not getting her money's worth eh?) wife enjoyed.  other offerings included fresh pastries, prime rib, bacon, & sausage, jumbo shrimp, oysters, and many other items that i did not get a chance to try as i gorged myself on shell fish.  maybe next time...
5	Ok getting out of the way it's $85 for the brunch buffet.. I think it's worth it. The food is great and the so is the service. The champagne was amazing, we must have had at least 5 flutes each and I tried a mimosa which was equally as amazing.They have lobsters that are halved and decently sized (and they aren't the flat lobster either). Usual with prime rib, lamb (was very good though), and I forget what other meats. The oysters and caviar are probably what I stacked up on the most. The oysters were delicious! I also liked the crab claws, all meat without the work.Don't get me started on desserts... who's not a dessert fan? They were beautiful and delicious. It was cute how some were in champagne glasses, also very convenient to take back to your hotel room :) For the price it's a splurge, but I plan to go again when I hit up Vegas.
5	The food was spectacular!  It's got a bit of everything for everyone.  I helped myself to several plates of fresh oysters and cracked crab claws, both of which were excellent.  Also,  lobster ravioli was the best I've ever had anywhere, period.  They even had roasted lobster tail which one of the main reasons that we went.  Delicious!  I wasn't extremely hungry when we got there but I couldn't stop going back for plate after plate!  The desserts were awesome with some of the best chocolate covered strawberries I've ever had. On a side note, with all the food available, we nearly forget about the caviar!  It didn't help that they don't put it out with all the other food but you have to ask the person behind the buffet line for it specifically.  So if you plan on trying the caviar,  make sure not to forget like we almost did and ask for it!
5	At what other Vegas buffet will you find a waiter that waits for you to return with your plate, grabs the plate out of your hand, and sets it on your table for you?At what other buffet  will your waiter consistently fold your napkin everytime you step away from your table?Sounds pretentious?  Ha!  It is!  But it's not the obnoxious and rude kind of pretentiousness I've endured at "nice" L.A. restaurants.  The caviar's a bit too top secret.  But hey, the scary caviar and sushi lady gives seconds, so I can't complain.  Lobster, fresh crab, caviar, sushi, fine hot dishes, unlimited champagne, fantastic pastry selections, and great service.  Well worth the hefty price!
5	Although I usually do not associate Buffet with fine dining...  this is by far the exception.  What do you do when you spill some caviar on your lobster??... send it away and start again.  (just kidding) but it's really funny after a few too many mimosas.Endless caviar (just ask at the sushi bar)Lobster cooked perfectly Service was impeccable without a hint of snootiness.  As fast we threw back the Mimosa and champagne the glass was always half full.  And to top it all off an amazing dessert selection.  Worth every one of the 8,500 pennies
2	Disappointed.  I've definitely had better.  Was extremely excited at first to treat my mother and friend to a nice girls-out-to-brunch while visiting over the weekend and turned out to be undistinctive and bleak.  Lobster overcooked, desserts were boring, and food just didn't seem fresh.  Service was excellent and the best things to consume would be the mimosas and shrimp cocktail.  NOT WORTH THE $$$ AND DOES NOT MEET UP TO ALL THE HYPE! Not even from ZAGAT! I SAY NO! Just do the breakfast buffet at Bellagio or Wynn.
4	Sooo... I haven't eaten here yet... but I just called to make a reservation for the Sunday Sterling Brunch on Valentines Day... Maybe it's just me, but I've never had to give a credit card number to a restaurant before to hold my spot for a reservation. Needless to say, I have never made a reservation before, period! So I gave in, gave her my CC info anyways because I've been preparing myself for this buffet, so regardless, I'm going to eat here! I asked the lady on the phone what would happen if I couldn't make it... she said that my CC would be charged a fee, she wouldn't specify how much, but I'm thinking for a $85 per person buffet... it's probably more than just pocket change! I can hardly wait for Valentines Day just to eat here!
5	Passing through Vegas we had to eat here again and it was even better for me than last time! They switched champagnes and I didn't recall which brand they switched to it started with the letter M (very helpful I know), still yummy though. The service was excellent again, our server was still in training but he did mention where the caviar was this time so that's good that they are doing that now. They prepared the lobster different this time, it was the entire tail steamed I think, and I felt it was better my bf thought it was just as good. A few of the other dishes that we enjoyed which may or may not change was the lobster papparadelle, giant cocktail shrimp, trout, peppered salmon and lox, salmon en croute, sushi wasn't bad and they had standard selection, sake was excellent...the brand is Nagasaki (clever). Raw oysters I didnt care for to much this time and they didnt have raw clams, the caviar was still ok but I am still not a caviar expert. Desserts were top notch, I loved the giant chocolate covered strawberries, they had a bunch of random little cakes and truffles as well as a crepe station. It's worth it to save a little room in your tummy for a sampling, and coffee is included. We actually saw another table order bloody marys which were also included so your not limited to mimosas if you dont care for that, and honestly for that price ($85/pp) they should give you whatever you want to drink.I was a bit peeved we went gambling after and I did good on the roulette table and got a 10% off coupon for a few of their restaurants and this brunch was one of them (who doesn't like a discount)....I think you need to cash in a certain amount (over $200 maybe) because the bf didnt do as good and did not get the coupon.So again, this buffet might not have the selection that the other do and the price is certainly heftier but for the quality of items you get its worth it to splurge and check it out.
5	Is this worth the $85 per person it charges? Definitely! Our reservation was for 10:30am, as soon as we arrived, we were handed glasses of champagne! They are very generous with the Perrier Jouet, every time my glass was even half gone, they were right there to make sure it was full. Customer service was super excellent, the gentleman that was our waiter was top notch! This is definitely a 5 star buffet, so make sure you dress accordingly! The buffet itself was heavenly! There is too much to list, but the items that I favored were the lobster, lamb, filet minion, caviar, salmon benedict, the raw oyster bar, the crab claws, and the king crab legs. Here is the link to the menu items: http://www.harrahs.com/images/Property/blv/dining/BLV_SterlingBrunch_Menu.pdfOverall, a great experience at the mother of all buffets in Las Vegas, I highly recommend to at least trying this once in your life, you won't be disappointed. If I ever do go back again, I would request to sit near the buffet, so it's less of a walk. The whole credit card rant I had earlier about this place turned out to be OK, I didn't have charges applied to my card (it's been about a month now), I ended up paying it with another card just to see if they would or not. I just never had to do that before, so it made me uncomfortable giving out that information.
4	I've anticipated coming here for over a year. Overall, I think it was a worth while visit but it's definitely not a place I would visit regularly. It seemed many of the other guests were celebrating special occasions which make sense because this buffet does stand out. I have too many thoughts about my experience, both good and bad, so I thought I just lay it out. Positives + Champagne served while you're waiting to be seated + High-end menu selection not found in other buffets - unlimited lobster, caviar. Not one of those where you're rationed. Lobsters are full size, not the langostino variety. + High quality food - large shrimp cocktail, jumbo king crab legs, fresh raw oyster, ripe fresh fruit + Service - high touch attentive service - beverages refilled immediately. Napkins refolded every time I left the table and replaced when dirty. Negatives - Broiled lobster was over done and thus tough - Kind crab leg wasn't halved so you have to crack the legs. Not easy given the pointy spines and buttery sauce coating the legs . Had 1 leg and gave up. Maybe that was the objective. - $85 + tax and tip. Not for the faint of heart - Dessert selection was OK - Ambiance - stuffy dark old school steak house ambiance. Would have preferred for light, airy venue given this is Sunday brunch - Only offered on Sundays. Not the best day given we've already gorged ourselves the whole weekend and who wants to get stuffed right before they jump on a plane or car. With the LV - LA traffic, pretty much guarantees you'll be sitting in the middle of it by the time you're done.
5	The price is what I assume the biggest turn off for the masses. BUT please stay open-minded cause Sterling Brunch is the best, tasteful,  fresh and delicious brunch! Waking up still drunk from the essential heavy drinking and dancing, I also woke up to the drunk munchies which lead me to Sterling Brunch. 85 washingtons, and all worth it.Service:I love how they offer champagne @ the entrance. With some champagne re-fueling my party tank, we were seated immediately with napkins placed on our laps & all.Service was spectacular of course. The waiters were a lot more personable here. Very cool of them to joke around with us, or maybe knew we were intoxicated.. Glad they brought their sense of humor with them to brunch... either ways, brunch here was fun and elegant. There are also chefs manning each cutting table, and a lot of staff discretely running in and out of the kitchen refreshing the very popular seafood and egg dishes, respectively.Foooooood:This is why it cost 85 dollars a pop. The quality of the food is seriously top notch. No joke about it. Fresh Oysters, Quality cut meats, Lobster, and many MANY more! The buffet is not extraordinarily huge, but the finite selection offered is seriously the top tier of foods available in vegas. The eggs benedict, baked or broiled lobster, shrimp cocktail and filet mignon seems to be the most popular. But don't forget the HUGE dessert bar. They have a variety of chocolate dipped strawberries (YUMMMM; pistachios, oreo, chocolate, white chocolate), cakes, parfaits, tarts, and other fruity/chocolaty sweet concoctions. Hands down the Best BRUNCH in TOWN & Highly Recommended!
5	Ok..... Unlike any other yelp reviews I've done I will keep this shorter than usual but as serious as possible......  hmmmm.......Sterling Brunch is gotta be one of my favorite buffets in all North America.  (Taiwan has some awesome ones but Yelp is not there yet)Sterling Brunch is located in Bally's Las Vegas and is only available on Sundays from 9:00am - 2:00pm (Typically by reservations only but you may get lucky)  They got the typical buffet fare ranging from various seafood, poultry, steaks, desserts.  Here's the list:Seafood:  clam, mussels, salmon (sashimi/cooked), oysters, lobsters, fatty tuna, Uni, king crabs, and  Cavier!  (So the sashimi is flown in from Japan weekly, Lobster are baked half of a 1-2 lbs lobsters, and Cavier is all you can indulge!!!  with those little blintz to go with it! YUM!)Poultry and Steaks (meat):  rosemary roasted chicken, prime rib, rack of lamb, filet mignon, beef wellington, Beef Oscar (fancy!)Dessert:  lots of melt in your mouth heavenly desserts that you simply cannot miss out on any of it...Extras:  Lobster omelet, Gazpacho soup, fresh fruits, other seafood prepared cooked such as seafood Bouillabaisse, etc...Had my favorite server "Eduardo"!  Awesome guy who worked at the Sterling Brunch for 30 years.... really nice guy who actually prepared us a seafood extravaganza on ice while we get our food!  Tipped Eduardo really good afterwards as he was like the best server we ever had!  (by the way you actually get 2 servers one helps you with everything else the other one make sure your drinks are always topped off perfectly!  Simply awesome!)Of course.. with a meal like that.. it took us 3 hours to finish but of course that was enjoyed slowly....  Man.. lots of lost lobsters in my stomach and stuff.....Just way too much good stuff...........Oh oh... get this.. while at Sterling I got this guy who was in front of me wanting Cavier... so when he got some from the nice little Japanese lady who was serving the fresh raw seafood he kept asking for more....The lady wasn't angry or anything but instead, took his plate, opened up a brand new like 120oz of cavier and literally slapped on top of the plate.... In a very nice way!!!  Everyone was floored when they saw that and the big man was a "VERY" happy customer....Seriously.. that Japanese lady was so nice she gave me a bunch of UNI after that as well!  LOL!  Shout out to Eduardo and Little Japanese lady...Finally... forgot to mention... you want water... it's all Evian only.... FREE!  Then champagne is also complimentary.. which they served only Pierre Jouet!!!  WOW!!! I'm in heaven yelpers!!!  (That was also the reason why we were there for 3 hours.. had about 5 bottles of PJ for about $50 per bottle.....)The cost is about $85 without Tax and tip.... but I'm telling you... BEST MEAL I'VE HAD EVER!!!!!!Sterling Brunch.... I can't wait till the day we meet again..................
4	this one def. lives up to its name and price. I went here sunday's regularly when i lived in vegas, and I now make sure to drop by the last day in town when visiting. The setting is a bit claustrophobic; however, the service is always grand/friendly and the buffet is classy. I personally fancy the small room b/c it omits the need for the awkward walk of shame back to the seat @ most buffets, but I have had some awkward, back-to-back chair-knocking issues here in the past.Of note: try the cognac omelets, if they're on special, at the chef station. Whatever's on special, they never go wrong here. The lobster bisque here is good enough. Also, keep it light and stick to soft-shell crabs, etc., instead of filet mignon, etc.... unless you're obese or whatnot. Trust me, you'll fill up very fast, though it's easy to forget you're at a buffet. Last but not least, save room for dessert!!! They have amazing white chocolate ganaches, white choc.-covered strawberries and fruit tarts. I tend to eat equal parts dinner n dessert, lol. My fav. part of this meal is sipping on way too much champagne and catching up w/ pals above consuming a pound or 10 of dessert.
5	I think I rarely give five stars to restaurants but this by far "up there" in terms of food, quality, and service. Just remember though, that you get what you pay for (as in you pay roughly 85 dollar premium for excellent food). But its worth it, so save up and come here for brunch if your ever in Vegas.The food here was amazing. I am a Seafood lover so I personally enjoyed the seafood offered here. From smoked salmon, Lobster tail, to Lobster bisque, it was amazing. PRAWNS, not shrimp....actual prawns are offered at this amazing brunch. Other seafood favorites I enjoyed were the oysters and cooked scallops. The caviar though I didn't enjoy all that much. They offered only one variety and it was black caviar and it was SALTY. A tad disappointed as "top of the Mark" sunday brunch in San Francisco offers a few different kinds of Caviar. The cooked food was also good but I can't go too much into detail as I was filled from 2 full plates of seafood. The Filet Mignon and Prime rib were delicious. Desserts were also absolutely phenomenal! As for the service, I thought it was alright. My dad noticed that each server took care of 5-6 tables each. The server wasn't THAT attentive in my opinion. Every time I wanted more OJ or champagne, I would have to ask for some more. I also felt like it took a while for the guy to come and clear the table of dirty plates. Very nice guy but could have been more attentive to clearing plates and refilling beverages.Overall, I give Sterlings Sunday Brunch a 4.5-5 stars. The food quality was excellent and service was just alright. However, as we left the ladies ALSO received a rose (well my mom grabbed her own as the greeter guy was MIA and wasn't there when we were leaving, it THAT was a little disappointing). But overall, I was impressed with the food and service was terrible so def. come check it out. MAKE SURE YOU MAKE RESERVATIONS FIRST THOUGH. Enjoy!
2	I know my rating is definitely going against the majority of reviews, but I feel like the buffet was definitely overpriced and just a so-so experience overall.  The description of 2 stars is "Meh. I've experienced better." which is exactly what I felt about my brunch there.I feel like the interior could do with a remodel, or could use a little sprucing up.  The decor reminded me of something you'd see in Reno; very old fashioned wallpaper, a bit dark, just felt kind of tired.  The buffet itself actually doesn't have that many options.  I read that someone said they had uni and fatty tuna aka toro?  Nope.  There was some sad pieces of maguro and sake (tuna and salmon), nothing you couldn't get at your local Todai.  There were some nice cold seafood items (crab, shrimp salad, etc.), fruits, veggies, and of course your typical steam try things such as eggs benedict, sausage, prime rib, etc.The biggest draw has to be the lobster tails and king crab legs (and bottomless champagne).  The lobster tails were okay when they came out hot, but if you don't get it right away, they end up sitting there and turning rubbery and overheated.  Lobster is something I absolutely love, so I can't complain too much but really, it kind of loses it's appeal if you see 30 lobster tails (most likely straight from Costco's frozen aisle) dumped into a metallic steam tray thing.  The champagne and desserts were nice, but it honestly just felt way too expensive for $85 per person.  Maybe it's because living in the Bay Area, I can get a great tasting menu or pre fixe dinner for $85, where the quality, atmosphere and environment would definitely leave me more satisfied than what I had at the Sterling Buffet.  If someone were to ask me, I would definitely tell them to save their money and skip this brunch.  You're better off picking up lobster, king crab and champagne at Costco, with more money in your pocket to spare.
2	I just went there with my sister Boney this past Sunday. Food was AWESOME and so was our waiter. There wasn't a huge selection like other buffets but it's quality over quantity. The tables were also awfully close to each other as well. They could easily use another foot's distance between one another.The low rating is because of the way we were treated by their hostess Eva. Because of her we had a really really bad start to our meal and were debating if we should just dine somewhere else instead. Considering she's the first person patrons see at the restaurant, she shouldn't be rude and unwelcoming. We had reservations for 3 at noon and were COMPLETELY ignored until a little after 12:35-talk about crappy service huh. My sister arrived a few minutes before me and told me the hostess was extremely snooty. There were very few people in the waiting area at first and Eva offered champagne to all of them EXCEPT my sister. She made it obvious too since she offered it to the person in front of my sis, then skipped sis, then offered to the person after. You hussy! U can't treat my sissy that way! After we were all waiting a good 30 minutes which is completely absurd I walked up to the hostess's podium (she saw me, considering i'm 2 feet away directly in front of her) but she completely turned around and walked the other way.  wat the heck?!?! Boner saw and stopped her as she was about to walk pass him . he had to point in my direction to point out to her i was waiting at the podium. well she never bothered to walk back to me but instead glanced at me then asked him what he wanted. so i had to walk back to where SHE was to remind her that our reservations were for 12 and it is now 12:35. she replies flatly "did you check in with me?" , uh "yes we did at 12" you evil lady. so we had to give her our name and tell her how many of us again.she offers no apology whatsoever and tells us to "stand over there" instead where we continue to wait again.we were finally seated later but come on, what's the point of making reservations if you're going to be stuck waiting anyway. and if the hostess makes a mistake and completely forgets about you while she lets all the people who came in after you head in, shouldn't she at least offer a simple apology?? The waiting area is pretty small and we were waitng the whole time within site of the hostess. SHE KNEW WE WERE WAITING. If she were doing her job it might have crossed her mind that "hey, how come these nice folks are still waiting when i've let everybody who comes in after them go in already".The steakhouse should replace her unless they want a stuck-up and innept hostess greeting their patrons. Oh yeah, it was our first time and obviously we were not impressed with the way we were treated and to top it off it was my Birthday too. =(I initially gave this place 4 stars but now as i write my review i'm so upset and pissed again that i'm docking off 2 stars due to my incident with Evil Eva.
5	Well worth the $85!  I went last Sunday with a buddy of mine who was visiting town.  Called in the reservations the day before, and once we arrived, we were greeted with champagne.  Even with the reservation, we still had to wait a while for our table to be ready....however the readily available champagne aided in passing the time.  Never thought I'd be having oysters, crab claws, lobster, and prime rib for breakfast.....well brunch I guess.  The food was delicious, and was matched with the tremendous service that you get.  The waiter pulled out my chair for me, and it seemed that every time I took a sip of water or champagne for that matter, it was refilled within ten seconds.  I wouldn't endulge in this place on a regular basis, but will return no questions asked.
5	Sifting through all the reviews and food show hype, Bally's Sterling Brunch was pegged as probably the best Sunday brunch around.  Located in the casino at the site of their steak house, the Sterling Brunch exudes a classy old-school style of dining.  Their selection of items can only be described as no-frills with many of the classic brunch staples that have withstood the test of time and found almost everywhere.But this is where the similarity with many other brunches ends.  The caliber of items for an AYCE place is superior.  Who offers unlimited lobster tail, filet mignon, and caviar, with bottomless Perrier-Jouet champagne? They have the standard omelette station, crepe station, waffles, etc.  I don't want to go into an exhaustive listing so I will just point out some of the noteworthy things.Australian rock lobster tail - you can pile it on, not just take one pleasefilet mignon - tendercasino clamscaviar - not sure which but not cheap kind, mildly salty and not too fishyprime ribrack of lamb - cooked perfectseafood jambalayagarlic truffle mashed potatoessalmon egg benedictseafood in puff pastrycouscous with tilapiadessert bar - choc dipped strawberries, various cream desserts in glasses, choc brownie with peanut butter on a stickStay away from:sushi - not so fresh and a bit fishycrab claws - mushyThey have bacon and sausage but no eggs.  Omelette bar though. No crab legs.If you like to have a variety of different foods and novel offerings, this brunch may not be for you. There is no chocolate fountain either.Service is impeccable.  One server per two tables.  Constant attention to your needs.Nice change of pace to other Vegas buffets that tend to be a bit mediocre in quality.  PS - I have to share a conversation at the dessert bar with a girl, I'll call her Bimbo, and her friend.  As she looks at the long stem choc covered strawberries, she remarks - OMG how do they do that!?  The dessert bar guy   - Oh they dip it one chocolate and then drizzle the other one over, creating the stripes.Bimbo - No, I meant the stems, how do they make them so long?I then looked at the dessert guy and he was in shock. I was more than thrilled to help out.Me - Oh, they don't create it.  They just cut the strawberry with stem longer cuz it grows on a plant!Bimbo - Wow. Who knew? (giggles)What I would have liked to have replied - If you were a zebra, you would be the first to be eaten by the lions, but you're not. So please, do us all a favor and don't have any children unless they discover stupidity skips generations.
5	Pricey? Hell yes!Worth it? You bet!This is the only buffet on the strip that features amazing items at every station. Though they don't have many options compared to some of the larger buffets in town, what they have is all worth trying. From lobster tails, to caviar, to king crab legs, to champagne, this buffet has everything that anyone would ever want to eat!!!Make sure to make reservations, unless you are a Diamond/Seven Star member at Harrah's casinos!!!
5	I read somewhere on here that this was the best brunch in North America. I can not argue with that at all.We were seated within a few minutes of our arrival and everything from that point on was wonderful. Our server Kevin, who has worked there since the 70's was flawless. The plates were always promptly cleared and the champagne and oj glasses were always full.Everything was absolutely delicious from the perfectly cooked lamb and filet mignon to the lobster tails and crab legs. I just can't really say enough good things about this brunch. Everyone is so nice and every single item is kept freshly stocked without it seeming like employees are all over the place. I will be here every single time I go to Vegas. Honestly if flights were 99 bucks again I may fly out just for this brunch!
5	I'd skip all the other buffets in Vegas, just for this one.We had a slightly rough start to the meal as they tried to seat our party of 4, plus a child at a 4 top table. I guess they aren't used to 3 year olds dining there (she is a perfect guest and they ended up not charging for her). They quickly converted the table to a round 5 top and added a chair for our daughter. Service was attentive and plentiful. It was never overbearing, but always available when we needed something and they were quick to refill champagne glasses.The buffet was perfectly proportioned with cold items, salads, soup, fruit, and the hot items. Every dish felt perfectly picked and aligned to create a wonderful menu. The boiled shrimp and raw oysters were accompanied by ingredients to mix your own cocktail sauce. The caviar is served as a plentiful portion with blinis, garnishes, and creme fraiche. My fiance had commented earlier that was all prime ribbed out, but said that his slice was the best he had had in Vegas. The lamb chops were cooked to perfection and very tasty. Pan fried soft shell crab was unexpected, but welcome. The lobster was actually the first well-cooked lobster I have had. It actually made me like lobster. We had a lobster and boursin omelet made to order which was heavenly. The mini deserts, plus the crepe and bananas foster station were the perfect topper to the meal.  Make reservations well in advance.I think we'll be talking about this perfect meal for years to come.
5	18ppl to a quiet brunch = a partay!it was quiet until we came.  we got seated in the middle of the restaurant with this long table.  it was also 1pm and we thought it would not be full of ppl.  we were wrong.  every table had ppl but our group with a few birthday babies made it a party and LOUD.  I hope the ppl around us didnt mind :Dour waiter...marios or marco...was superb!!!!  he got our mimosas flowing and our every request delivered within seconds.  kudos to our waiter!!!we came and we conquered.  I think we ate all the caviar they had.  one of our friends had 10+ containers on caviar in front of her.  she ate it with everything.  we eat had about 3-5 lobster tail each and perfect prime rib!!!  that in itself was worth $80pp.  dessert area was beautiful and yes we got one of everything each one of us to try.  $110pp - about $80+21%gratiuity added to the bill as we had more than 14ppl.we again rolled out of another restaurant satisfied, happy and very full.  very worth $110pp :D
4	OK it's pricey, yes.  But we had a $20/per person coupon so of course we had to try it. We were there on 12/12, reservations for 9:30 AM when they first open.  We got there and waited maybe 5 minutes to get in (we were served Perrier Jouet Champagne while we waited, as well as unlimited while you eat).The broiled lobster tails were good, and BIG.  But I wish they were boiled or steamed as they are much better that way.The caviar was .. well, it's caviar.The crab claws were big and full.The tables are set up very nicely, everything is really nice and a bit on the fancy side.The deserts were the best in Vegas.You MUST try the chocolate covered strawberries.  They were HUGE and juicy and I ate about 8 of them, along with 5 lobster tails, 5 crab claws, etc.
5	Best brunch in Vegas! Champagne, caviar, and lobster until you can no longer breathe! Need I say more? The trick is to get there early. We never leave Vegas without this infamous last meal!
4	I'm a fan, indeed. Especially of the fancy schmancy Perrier-Jouet champagne that kept on going and going. So, for those not in the know, this is a Sunday morning only brunch buffet at Ballys, and it comes with quite the pricetag: $85 per person (about $110/person after tax, tip and such). ...and it's by reservation, so you've gotta plan ahead.And it is pretty fancy schmancy in there. Not in the modern, Wynn/Encore sorta way, but in the 1955 sorta way.. with waiters in white dinner coats and green striped wallpaper. The food selection is supposed to be amazing, and I concur (mostly), it wasn't bad.Despite what my profile may say about lobster, the lobster here was actually my favorite thing. ...or maybe it was just the butter I doused it in. Either way, it was one tasty dish. I also tried caviar for the first time, and it wasn't bad, but nothin' to write home about. There were crab claws, but not crab legs. There's filet mignon that you can get from the tray, but I recommend asking your waiter for them to cook some to order for you. Other than that, I had some delicious lamb chops, a delish pretzel roll and some pretty decent dessert. The real highlight is the service. Even though the buffet is self-serve, our waiter was ON it. I never had an empty champagne glass, and he gladly got our filet mignons to order. The ultimate test though... would I go again? Nope. It was worth an experience, but I'm pretty sure I'm just as satisfied (and probably because I'm not a huge lobster fan) with the Spice Market or Wynn buffets.
3	I was drunk after the buffet.  But I don't remember the food being that great.  Would not go back cause the price is too steep for a buffet.
5	Best Brunch money can buy in Vegas! Sunday is Sterling Steak House brunch day when ever I visit Vegas! Best Brunch in Vegas period! Thank you
3	This was probably the best buffet I have had in vegas but again not necessarily the best value. There is lobster tail, lamb chops, veal, sea bass, escargo, caviar, oysters, rock shrimp, soufflees. But in the end the only thing worth dining here is for their lamb chops and sea bass. Everything else I would avoid. You get better quality lobster tail from Red Lobster. The rock shrimp is good though. The omlettes they make are fantastic with lumps of lobster you can have added, but at 85 a person id rather go to a nice restaurant and dine than gorge myself on what is 3 star quality food at best. For a buffet its five stars but not for the $.
2	My best suggestion is to stop reading the yelp reviews and not go into Sterling brunch with super high expectations. But if you want to keep reading anyway, here's my review...I called the number online, which ended up being harrahs' restaurant res. The guy had never even heard of the Sterling brunch (typical harrahs). I had to ask to be transferred to the steakhouse and the hostess i dealt with was great. I didn't have to out down a credit card tol hold the res like others had mentioned. Arrived for our res at noon and there were only a couple of parties waiting before us. Reviews had mentioned that they give you champagne while you wait, but I only saw a couple discarded glasses, no one waiting had any. It was a really dark and dreary bar area with elevator music playing. Thankfully we were seated after about 15 min. The steakhouse was really old school - lots of dark wood, heavy chairs on rollers, dark heavy fabrics. Probably not somewhere I'd go for dinner w all the other more fun steakhouses. Our waiter Mario was great, very attentive. It was a little hard to understand his thick accent, but he was nice and topped off our champagne at every opportunity. Doesnt matter to me but fyi - they don't seem to serve Evian water anymore. Its looks to be just regular tap.  On to the food - they must have the same menu every Sunday because I basically had what everyone else has mentioned. But they seem to have been a victim of cost cutting. There was no sushi, which is fine since every person mentioned that it sucked anyway. Caviar was available only upon request thru the waiter - a small serving with crostini, creme fraiche, chopped egg, onion and capers. Delicious! We got tiny little blinis w our 2nd order, but not the first. Awesome topped w creme fraiche and lobster. Yum!Lobster tails were in halves, and didn't look nearly as appetizing as the pics I'd seen on here. I get what they mean about the lobster getting rubbery as it sits there, but it was still really good. Filets were cooked perfectly, there were also braised boneless short ribs which weren't anything special. Chilean sea bass was so rich, be sure to get some of the jumbo scallops and risotto in the middle. The meat ravioli and lamb stew seemed out of place, and were just mediocre. Didn't try the prime rib because it looked dry. Lamb chops were cooked perfectly and juicy but they weren't slicing them to order - I could tell by the color on the outside that it had been sliced and sat out for a bit. But still delicious w mint jelly. King crab legs were warm. Which is a nice change but that also seemed to have sat in the chafing dish a bit too long. The legs were huge, but some were really dried out. The legs were broken off at the joints but were not precut. We were given 1 of those nut cracker types for the table. The can opener looking crackers would've been a better choice since theirs just squished the legs w out actually cracking open anything. The waitors also don't seem to crack the legs for you as I read in another review. See what I mean about yelp giving you preconcieved notions/out of date info?The ice bar had the usual fare - raw oysters (didn't try them), snow crab claws (watery from being pre frozen) and colossal shrimp cocktail. Shrimp was huge and yummy, cocktail sauce could've used more horseradish. I skipped the breakfast stuff as it looked like nothing special - mini waffles, omelette station, bacon, sausage, eggs benedict and fritatta.On to desserts... I think a lot of the pics on here are out of date - they don't have that tall 4 shelf display, its been cut down to 2 shelves. And dessert was honestly the worst part of the meal. That's the first time I've ever said that about a buffet. There were no cakes, pies, or even creme brulee. I don't know what anything was because there was no signage and the chef said "I don't know, I usually work the hot side." It was just a huge disappointment to end the meal that way. I'll try to remember what they had - the worst tapioca pudding I've ever had (pearls were hard), stale mini cream puffs w overly sweet filling, blah lemon tart, fudge, brownie topped w raspberries, weird berries and clear jelly thing, and the one good thing as a chocolate mousse. That was seriously all they had to offer. For a Vegas buffet that's pretty pathetic and for the price of this buffet, that's a joke. Maybe its my high expectations that affected my experience, but I'm really disappointed w Sterling buffet overall. It may have been awesome before, but unfortunately doesn't seem to be anymore. I'd suggest going to another brunch and just dealing w cheaper champagne, or better yet just buy a couple bottles of Perrier jouet. Its pretty bad when you're as drunk as we were and you still don't think the food is amazing.
5	While the variety is some what limited, the quality of what they do have more than makes up for it.  If you want huge variety in your buffet, go elsewhere. If you want all you can eat lobster tails, crab claws that are already cracked for you, rack of lamb, and unlimited bottles of good champagne, it doesn't get any better than this place. Service was great. Our champagne flutes were always full. When I was at the meat cutting station asking for some lamb, the guy was like "how many pieces do you want". I don't recall ever being asked how much I want at any other buffet. They usually just give you some pathetically small serving and send you on your unmerry way. So I asked the dude for FIVE lamb chops, just to see his reaction.  Unfazed, he delivered and it was delicious. At around $100 per person, this place ain't exactly a screaming value.  But after an entire rack of lamb, 5 lobster tails and an immeasurable number of crab claws, I gotta say, screw value.  Best brunch ever.
4	LET ME BE CLEAR...there's really only 3 reasons why anyone would ever go to the Sterling brunch buffet: unlimited champagne, caviar, and Maine lobster tail (for me, since I don't really drink or enjoy caviar, it was all about the LOBSTER, baby!...that alone made the $85 worth it!). Aside from these items, one could pretty much get all the other stuff at any other buffet in town, so this is really why you'd be here. Service was great & old school. Ambiance is also old school classy, but could use some updating (but remember, you're really only here for 3 things). ;) I'm also a big steak person, but was not impressed by the filet at all. It was nice that they had hot king crab legs as most places serve cold. If you're looking for a buffet with inventive/trendy food, huge variety, and contemporary decor, this is not your place. BUT... if you're looking to stuff yourself silly on champagne, caviar, and lobster...you've just died & gone to heaven! LOBSTER CAVEAT: some ppl have critiqued the lobster as being rubbery, but I did not find this to be the case. It might not be the absolute best lobster you've ever had in your life (after all, it IS a buffet and it's not like it's live Maine lobster), but it was pretty darned good! The only downside to AYCE Maine lobster (as if there could be) is that by lobster #4 or 5, it starts to lose it's luster...I know, call me crazy. I guess the curse of having too much of a good thing! Bottom line, I would go back!
2	I can't say that I'm ever coming back here.  I was quite disappointed, and left feeling a bit angry.The menu sounded SO awesome, that I decided to pay the $85/person for brunch, even though I wasn't that hungry.  But, the food did not match the menu description at all.The filet mignon was overcooked and dry.  The prime rib was better at Rio seafood buffet, the sea bass was dry and tasteless, and the crab legs were salty.  Ok, the cavier was good.  And, they had kiwis at the fruit bar.  Oh, and can't forget about the free champagne (which gave me a headache).  But all in all, just an underwhelming experience, especially for $85.
5	I will swear by this brunch till I die. A little pricey, but way better than sticking the money in a machine. You couldn't go to a restaurant and order everything we ate for the money spent here. And they don't rush you along like other wannabe classy places. Alaskan King crab, not the skinny snow crab legs. My girl and I must have ate 85 dollars worth of that alone. Caviar, Lamb Chops, lobster tails! Do you get my point yet?
5	I wish I could give Sterling 10 stars! This place is even better than you remember it!Lobster was great, crab legs were delicious, filet was cooked perfect and the champagne was cold and limitless.I can't even imagine going to Vegas without the Sterling Brunch. Perfection.
4	Outstanding Brunch and a great time.The only limitations are those imposed by the buffet format - everything prepared and served beautifully.  The service was great.Definitely an "old school Vegas" feel.  Something every Vegas fan needs to do at least once.Well worth the money.
5	Best brunch buffet ever!  We always try to go to the Sterling Brunch when we are in Vegas (about twice a year) and it NEVER disappoints.  Pretty much all the great reviews tell you what you need to know.My favorite points about this brunch:  1)  high quality and delicious food (I despise having a plethora of choices just to find out that the food sucks - uh Wicked Spoon); 2) great quality champagne; 3) smooth, discreet and professional service; 4) the intimate and unhurried ambiance of the place, despite the fact that it is a buffet.For the quality of the food, drinks and service, I think the price of this buffet is a value!   I always go with my family (hubby and two sons), but next time I think I need to go with my girlfriends who love to eat and take our time and enjoy this incredible buffet!
4	Where to start? Well, how about we start a list? All you can eat:- Steamed King Crab- Lobster Tails- Snow Crab Claws- Shrimp- Raw Oysters- Caviar- Sashimi- Sushi- Prime Rib- Rack of Lamb- Roasted Beef Tenderloin- Crab Cakes- Cheeses- Fruits- Desserts- Pierrer Jouet Champagne- Fresh Squeezed Orange JuiceI'm not sure if I missed anything. If I did, that means I didn't eat it.  I think it's worth more towards a $60 price point rather than the $85 they charge, but I can't think of ANY other buffet with such an impressive selection. Besides, I think I actually ate and drank $85 worth of food. I also must admit I would've been happy just with the champagne, king crab, lamb, and caviar. If I had to gripe about one thing it would be the quality of the food. The sashimi could be from Todai, the lobster tails get rubbery if you don't get it fresh, some of the meats are overcooked. But hey, what do you expect? MUST TRY: To eat everything...
1	I don't think I've ever felt more ripped off in my life.I think it's one of the worse buffet and brunch I've ever had. Even the cheap buffet inside Harrah's is better than this (at least they have waffle cones!)Even if I'm a whale of a gambler and get comp'd for this, I would have to think twice before stepping in.Ambience: poor. flickering fluorescent light in one of the areaSeafood: meh. all the other hotel buffets are so much better/fresher. friend got sick afterHot food: meh again. Dessert: small selection and C quality compared to all the other buffets (Wynn, Belagio, etc)i have no clue why anyone would go here when there's Wynn all those yummy buffets at half the price. The people who gave this place 4 or 5 stars seriously are not foodie's and must NOT have had the good buffets in vegas (or even just a nice brunch at Bouchon at Venetian!) I have to admit, while other buffets are all similar in a good way and blur together in my head, this one was extra memorable because it was so bad.(note: I was dragged here not by choice)
5	Thought I wrote a review for this but guess not anyways the best buffet I ever had. I have been here two times and both times blew my mind. The food is cooked with high quality here. The menu seems to change a little cause the first time they had deer and the next time they had a vegetable pastry type thing. Almost like a beef wellington speaking of that I hear they have that sometimes. Their crab cakes are huge how huge I would say the size of a computer mouse.
4	Great food selection and excellent service.  If you're VIP you don't have to wait.  High quality and Pierre Jout Champagne.
4	Definitely a Sunday brunch you should definitely hit up once a year!Sterling Brunch has amazing service.  The moment we came to check in, the host brought out Perrier Jouet champagne while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive.The service is impeccable.  You don't even notice them picking up your plates when they're complete.  You won't be able to keep count how many glasses of champagne because they keep toppen it off.  Maybe even look into booking a room or have a DD ready if you plan to drink properly.Onto the food - defniitely stay away from the greens and the carb's until you've loaded up on seafood and meats.   I enjoyed the belgiam waffles with fresh rasberry sauce but that wasn't until plate 5 or 6.....For the seafood and meats -- I wish they could serve more rare choices of meats but it was still delish.  The lobster was cooked well but thought it could use a little seasoning.  Still - lobster tails AYCE is INSANITY.  There is a plethora of raw oysters, shrimp cocktail, king crab legs,  snow crab claws, sushi/sashimi, and CAVIAR.we were there from 11am to 4pm, the last table....muhahahahahahaahThey also had a locals $20 off promotion so came out to $65 per person before tax and gratutity.  Be sure to make sure this discount is going on if you hit it up.
4	Date/Time:  Sunday - 11amOccasion:  Sunday Champagne brunch with daddy and little brotherParty of:  ThreeLocation:  Inside the Sterling Steakhouse.  Antiquated decor. Cute little servers running around in their tuxes.  Clean and well-set up food stations.Ordered:  All you can eat/drinkTotal incl gratuity: ~$320After so much hype from my dad, it was finally time for me make my way to the highly acclaimed Sterling Sunday Brunch at Bally's.  The pricetag is a little high but it includes all you can eat and drink champagne.  I can't drink that much so I only finished off one glass of champagne. Disappointing...I know!   However, I can definitely pack down the food!  Seven lobster tails later, I was still stuffing myself with soup, waffles, prime rib, etc. :) The selection of fine foods is impressive.  They serve lobster tails, and I mean lobster tails.  Not that dinky crawfish or mini-lobster they serve at some other buffets.  I'm talking roasted, chunky, delicious lobster tails.  What's also brilliant?  They serve lobster bisque!  You grab a lobster tail, shred up a few bites, and toss it into the bisque.  Makes for a wonderfully delicious little starter.  The amount of food they serve here is not vast however they focus on quality.  It's well thought out and of course, well organized.  The interior room is where they house their salads, fruits, cheeses, and  iced seafood station, which included chilled oysters, shrimps, smoked salmon, mussels, stone crab claws, and sturgeon caviar.  I seriously couldn't get enough of the caviar.  It was delicious.  Not overly salty like some I've had previously.  I must have eaten my $85 worth alone in caviar! :)In the main room, you can find a row of breakfast foods. Crisp strips of bacon, eggs benedict, freshly prepared Belgian waffles, ham, sausage, and an omelet station.  I steered clear of the breakfast foods in fear of filling up my tummy too quickly.  Opposite the breakfast line-up were more heartier items like steamed crabs legs, yukon gold mashed potatoes, steamed carrots and haricot verts, and different chicken and beef choices.  Of course what buffet would be complete without the carving stations of prime rib, turkey, and lamb?The mentionable list: the crab claws, lobster tails, oysters, waffle, caviar, the bacon, and selection of fresh raspberries and blueberries.  Sweet by themselves or great to throw into your champagne. Their food deserves about four stars and service right on par with four stars as well.  Service is not overly intrusive, but I have to be honest, I was expecting a little more from the type of place.  There were a couple times our glasses were left empty until we waved someone down.  Nonetheless, I'm pleased I finally got to try the ever so famous Ballys Sunday Brunch!
1	I was there at the Sterling's Sunday Brunch in mid August 2011.  Thought I try out the most expensive buffet in Vegas.  I was quite dissappointed.  First of all, I am a Veteran at the Vegas buffets.  I go to Vegas at least twice a year for the past 15 years and have eaten at every single buffet there is, including, but not limited to, Bellagio, Wynn, Rio, Flamingo, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Caesar's, Mandalay Bay, Mirage, Imperial Palace, Circus Circus, MGM Grand, Treasure Island, Monte Carlo, Harrah's, Stratosphere, M Hotel, Aria, Cosmopolitan, etc...  Therefore, my expectation of the Sterling's Sunday Brunch was extremely high.When I first walked in, I was very dissappointed with the small spread.  The decor was lacking as well.  Where is the ice sculpture as shown in their website?!?  Their website showed a large spread of food, including crab legs, bread, and an ice sculpture.  The buffet wasn't anything like in the website.The most dissappointing part was the food.  There were no big Alaskan crab legs at the buffet.  The crab legs at the buffet table were hot, small, and rubbery.  You have to ask for the large ones.  You also have to ask for the caviar.  I found it lame that they would hide the food. As for the sushi selection, it was lame.  Again, do I have to ask for the sashimi?  They had cheap items like California roll, etc.As for the lobster, I had 2 and they were both overly cooked and rubbery.As for the raw oysters, they only had about 10 at the buffet table and they were constantly running out.The rack of lamb was tender but wasn't anything special.  The flavor was bland.There were no giant shrimp coctails at the buffet table.  Maybe, like the crab legs, caviar, and everything else, you have to ask for them.  The service was poor as well.  When I asked for the food, the waiter kept telling me to go to the buffet table.  I had to ask the guy that cut the prime rib for the crab legs and had to ask the lady at the small sushi station for the caviar.For the price of $85 per person, you can definitely get better food somewhere else like at the Bellagio, Wynn Buffett, Paris, and Planet Hollywood (dinner only since their lunch buffet is not as impressive).  I also liked the buffet at The Cosmopolitan.  "M" Hotel has a good buffet as well for the price.
5	Lobster, Lobster, Lobster!!!!  The food was out of this world!
3	Good Brunch, expensive but goodWe had Sunday Brunch at Bally's in April and it was good. If you go, do 2 things:1) Make a reservation2) Ask to be seated in the area where Jason is the waiter. Our waiter was not the best, not even close. Jason will take care of you.The brunch does have fresh caviar, sushi, King crab legs and lobster. You have to ask for the Caviar and Sushi. They won't bring it out to you automatically. Try the champagne and get lots of it. It's french champagne and it's the GOOD stuff. We must have drank at least 2 bottles of champagne while we there. We came out stuffed and buzzed, exactly like we wanted to. I would reccomend doing this just one time...just to say you've done it.
5	I love Sterling Brunch, but I also hate Sterling Brunch!  If you're in the mood to be spoiled and indulge in the very best of the best, this is your place.  However, I must caution you to not plan anything for the rest of the day or the next day for that matter.  We partook yesterday and this morning I awoke feeling like a total zombie from the free flowing Perrier Jouet, lobster, crab, lamb, steak, caviar.  They have every decadent piece of food within imagination and then some.  Feast like royalty.  Stay as long as you like.  Our party of 6 was too full to continue eating, but we sat and had a great time drinking champagne and chatting for hours.  The service is truly wonderful;  your glass never reaches half full and you rarely notice the service even though they are paying close attention to your every need.   Truly the brunch of a lifetime.  In a city known for stiff competition for Sunday brunch there isn't a single one that even comes close to Sterling Brunch.   There are plenty of great brunches out there, but most of them cut their expenses on the champagne.  Not this one, generously poured Perrier Jouet!
3	Unfortunately my experience at the Sterling Brunch was not stellar. Reservation/arrival: booking the reservation over the phone was pretty straightforward..until the agent TOLD me that she was going to put me on hold, half way through the booking? Thanks for asking! Checking in at the restaurant was pretty swift, we were seated within a few minutes. 3 stars here for what I would expect at a 3 star restaurant.Food: the food selection is just like all the other reviews: caviar, lobster, lamb, prime rib... Etc. (ran out of oysters when I was there at 11 am). However, the food taste was mediocre at best. There wasn't anything where I felt was a must have. I would avoid the sushi, they were not freshly made and didn't look too fresh either. 4 stars here, best food selection in town, NOT prepared by gourmet chefs.Service: I am very particular with service, but here's what I felt: I felt like our server Jason needed some elegance training courses. When we arrived, he immediately introduced himself and asked if we wanted champagne (yes!!). The ladies got their food and came back, I then got food and came back, but none of our drinks were here! When he finally returned, he did this back and forth act where he would reach across the table and pour some in each cup while waiting for the bubbles to settle. This caused the champagne to spill each time (due to lack of coordination) and simply looked bad. The back and forth thing went on for the rest of the meal. It took another 10 minutes to clear the extra set of plate settings that were on the table when we arrived. A bit into dining, I asked for a mimosa. He simply took my half DRANK orange juice and poured it into my half DRANK champagne... right in front of me. If restaurant management ever reads this.. Please!! Bring the customer a new glass! We also got the snow crab legs with a plate full of other food at some time, the legs were impossible to open by hand. We finished all the other food on the plate and finally had to ASK Jason for a crab leg cracker. When I attempted to get lamb at the chef station, the chef was busy chatting with another staff member 10 feet from the station. When he finally turned his attention to me, he asked me what I wanted and then started chatting with another staff member! He finally remembered to serve me and then apologized "for getting distracted". This also happened to my girlfriend when she tried to get some lamb.  Later on, my girlfriend also saw the manager and some staff arguing by the cold selection about melting ice? So unprofessional! 2 stars for the service, only because 1 star is saved for a mega disaster experience.Overall, it did not meet my $85 expectations. Food selection was great, food quality was ok, service seriously sucked.
4	There isn't too much bad to say about this place.  Almost everything was fantastic.Only gripes is that all the food wasnt labelled and it seems like some things are intentionally hidden like the caviar.
5	Excellent Food! Excellent Service! Yes it's costly $85 but you can have lobster tail, king crab legs, prime rib, sushi,caviar, oysters along w the usual buffet fare.   Definitely treat yourself !Plus unlimited champagne.  Make a reservation!
3	King crab legs, lobster tails, champagne, caviar, oysters...it's all "meh" here. Pretty overrated. Lobster was a little overcooked, oysters were just okay, and how much caviar can one person really eat.Service was on point. Ambiance is pretty old school with a pinch of depressing.Most of the people here are old white folk.  You're better off saving the ~$100 per person and going to Wicked Spoon (in my opinion, the best buffet for the value)!
4	Is any brunch worth $85? Depends. If you are a meat and potatoes person, no brunch is worth more than $20 or so.Sterling Brunch has, among the usual mundane brunch items, sturgeon caviar, lobster tails, Chilean sea bass, quality prime rib, and unlimited champagne. Honestly, even with all that, is it $55 better than the Bellagio Buffet's weekend champagne brunch at $30? Probably not.Sure, you can go up to the caviar server 25 times and eat enough sturgeon caviar to put a dent in the world's sturgeon population, but then you have broken down a brunch experience into an economic ROI (return on investment) exercise and taken all the joy out of an entertainment endeavor.So Sterling Brunch is good, and even somewhat unique, but it's not $85 good and it's not $55 better than Bellagio Buffet's weekend champagne brunch, which is the gold standard, in my opinion. But you've invested several days and hundreds or thousand of dollars going to Vegas and you just blew $500 at the Blackjack table in an hour, so what's another $85?
2	Maybe I didn't come hungry enough?We both could only eat 1 plate each and drank a little champagne.The lobster tails and steak were good but nothing too extraordinary.Plus the dessert selection they had were not my favorite.I like Wicked Spoon better.
3	Overall, it is a pretty good experience.  Our server was super nice, attentive, and funny.  The unlimited champagne was great, and I totally feel that I got what I paid for.  They serve lobster tail, king crab legs, lamb, oyster, pre-cracked stone crab claws (which is my favorite there), and caviar.  I didn't see the caviar on any food station, but our server just brought it to our table when I asked him.  They also have a pretty decent selection of dessert with fresh made-to-order crepe.  Their only kind of ice cream - vanilla ice cream - is so yummy, and they make it in house with real fresh vanilla bean according to the server at the dessert station.  However, I am really not into their signature dish - lobster tail.  They were over cooked and too dry.  The lamb was nothing special, and it was also over-cooked for me.  I didn't even get close to their sushi station because the sushi there didn't look fresh at all.  I guess in the end, it is still a buffet even though the final bill ended up to be $110 per person.  One time experience here is probably good enough for me.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (17 of 365).1 star = for the environment.  If you want to go to brunch in an old school Vegas atmosphere, I suggest you go to Sterling Brunch at Bally.  It has that feel good environment like you were living here in the olden days.2 stars = Bottomless lobster tails; and big ones too!  If you love Lobster tails, then I highly recommend you come here.  It is seafood galore here, and there is quality you can definitely taste.  The brunch not only has lobster tails, but it has crab legs, king crab legs, huge shrimp, fresh oysters (and really fresh to taste), and yummy caviar served at the sushi station.  I like to cut up the lobster tail and put it in my lobster bisque; mmm so good!  3 stars= Bottomless mimosas are a huge plus with real champagne, from Champagne, France!  4 stars = Wait staff here, and the chefs behind the brunch bar are super nice and friendly.5 stars = Breakfast.  Can't have brunch w/ out the breakfast.  They have belgian waffles, eggs benedict, eggs cooked the way you like, and other options that I'm sure will please anyone's taste buds!Not to mention, they have a crepe station and will even add rum!  Dessert station is a little rusty with little selection, but from what little they have, tastes good!This is a brunch you have to try if you come to Vegas.  Put it on your bucket list; you won't regret it!
5	Great service,great food,,i will be back again ,been there twice already
4	My cousin goggled the top buffet spots in Vegas and Sterling's came up as the #1 brunch buffet.  We were a little hesitant because it was about  $100 a person, but the hostess told us to check out the selection of food they offer and allowed us to scope out the place.  That was a hook, line, and sinker!  After opening a few of the chaffing dishes and seeing those lobster tails and king crab legs... we were in!Their lobster tails were big not like Rio's seafood buffet.  I think they were even bigger than what I've eaten at various 5 star steakhouses.  Anyhow, bottomless fillet Mignon, prime rib, king crab legs, oysters in a half shell, sea bass, lamb chops, lobster tails, caviar, and champagneI would have done a full 5 stars, but I wasn't a fan of their sushi selection.  It didn't taste fresh to me.  And their dessert bar wasn't the best I've had.  I didn't get a chance to eat their crepes, but yes, they were freshly made by a waiting chef.    Other than that, service was excellent.  With the hefty price tag, I'm not sure if I can be a regular on this, but once in a while is fine and for me it's worth every penny and a must try in Vegas!
3	If you ever come up big at the craps table, and feelin like you could afford a $100 meal, just stick with the nice steak houses or sushi spots.  You don't need to waste it on Sterlings.  At what's raved as the best buffet on the strip, its probably more like best wasted money on the strip.  For $60 at the Wynn buffet and the rest on black may offer you a higher return.I mean its hard to justify a $95 bill.  btw, its $95 regular, but if you have a Total Rewards Card, you get a discount starting at $85 so GET IT if you choose to come here.  But then there are 4 things that you can appreciate by dining here.  1.  The service.  The gentlemen tell great stories and provide excellent service.  They'll even talk about the different celebrities that have made there way into the restaurant and who is approachable and who just prefers to be left alone.  They can even get your food for you if you wish.  2.  The place has that old style baller status feel.  If you've gone to the old timer steakhouses with the stripe walls and brown booths, you'll know what I'm talking about.  It's like you could picture the 1920s mafia and gangsters just smoking their cigars chilling.3.  The caviar.  Sturgeon Caviar at a buffet?  Unheard of.  But get as much as you can (the lady limit me at my 3rd approach) and just smear that goodness on everything you see on our plate.4.  The champagne.  Pierrer Jouet or Moet is not  your typical Korbel or cheapo champagne.  And the best part is....they'll constantly fill it up if you're the thirsty type.That's it.  Those four things are the only things I enjoyed and perhaps tried my best to make good of that money spent.  Other than that, everything else sucked.  -Crab claws - not fresh, small, hard to open, barely any-Oyster - tiny, but edible-Crab cake - too filling and nothing special-Lobster Tail - yes, the first 2 were good, but then you get sick of it and it's just a pain to try and eat more.-Prime rib - ironically as a steakhouse, this piece of sad dried up London Broil looking thing even looked depressing.  I had a small bite, and regretted it.-Lamb Rack - If only you could just eat the rare part and discard the rest because everything else around that was over salted and too fatty.-Tiger jumbo shrimp - too much isn't good for you.-Sushi - what was I thinking.So there are a ton of bad stuff, but if you focus on the good, maybe you can see it being worth it.  But for the variety and somewhat upscale buffet, I'm glad I tried it.
5	This is nothing short of food heaven.  Lobster tails, caviar, sushi, oysters, lamb, prime rib, Alaskan crab, bottomless French Champagne.  The exquisite food and champagne never end at Bally's Sterling Brunch every Sunday from 9:30-?.  You serve yourself so you can narrow your focus to lobsters tails and eat 10 if you want.  I can't imagine better food, ambiance, or service at any brunch anywhere in the country.  At $90 a person, it's not cheap, but if you can afford it, you should go!!  I don't ever plan on being in Vegas on Sunday and not going to this brunch.  Make reservations.  Ambiance-5 stars, Service-5+ stars, Food-5+ stars, Value-5+ stars.
5	Food of the gods!! This brunch is "I killed my husband and I'm on death row and this is my last meal" incredible!! I saved myself and limited my selection to the caviar, oysters, crab claws and jumbo shrimp...all with French champagne! I love this brunch...I will never be in Vegas on Sunday and not go to this brunch. $90 is nothing for this brunch...it is worth it! I lost count after she opened the 13th bottle! The service is the standard for which all restaurants should be measured!
3	Really don't know what the hype is about this place. I've seen much better all you can eat brunch places for similar or lesser price. Let me start with black caviar - it is not Beluga and as such it looks and tastes completely different and for those who never had black caviar before it would be an awful experience to try this caviar. Believe me I was born in Russia and know my black caviar :-).Second most advertised thing for the buffet is lobster tails - well they were so dry that nor butter or lemon could bring them to life.Hence, the two things I really wanted to attend this place for were awful. Without caviar and lobster tails this buffet should not cost more than $45 and we paid $90 for what the called "caviar" and supper dry lobster tails.
5	Took some out of town friends and had a great time! All the food that others have listed was there plus they had sea bass and veal piccata which were delicious. We sat close to the champagne/waiters station so we couldn't drink fast enough-a few sips and the waiters were filling it right back up again. I think our party of 4 probably drank 3 bottles. Hard to tell with the constant re-filling. We stayed for 2 1/2 hours. We'll have to go earlier next time since they were breaking the buffet down when we left!
4	update:They have a very nice and attractive dark haired hostess when I went this past weekend (adios Evil Eva). My experience this time was so much better.The cashew nut crusted sea bass was unbelievably good.The roasted lobster tails can be a bit dry.Price is now 90 bucks a person.Service ( we had Lorena) was not too friendly but was pretty efficient(This lady patron dressed in white attire for some reason decided to grace us with her presence. She went from her table to our table, stood in the corner and blew her snotty, wet mucous- y nose for a good 2 minutes (AT LEAST). It was so loud and disgusting and it was totally wet-sounding. Dude, why not do that in the restroom or do it at your own dang table you sicko!). Good thing we were just about done eating. Manners lady, manners.)
4	not bad at all, not an expert on caviar or anything, but I kilt a lot of it!
5	Old school Vegas ambience is very cool.....service was the best we had in Vegas and the buffet albeit not quite as elaborate as I expected was  was very good. Prime rib was excellent, lamb was excellent, king crab was excellent, lobster was excellent and not the teeny tiny tails I expected. The bottomless champagne/mimosas was very nice and they werent afraid to keep your glass FULL at every opportunity. Arrived for brunch at 10am on Sunday and it didnt get crowded til 11:30 as we were leaving. Such a great experience and just splurge, its worth the money.
5	$85 price tag but you know what, a bottle of Champagne here would cost us this much. Combine with a couple rounds of Sturgeon caviar and we're all set. Everything else is bonus. Having said that the remainder of the menu as follows:Sushi, forget it waste of time. Just ask for the caviar.Oyster, not very good. ok to skipSmoke Salmon averageCrab claws, sweet fresh. Good choiceHuge prawns, fresh Good choiceLobster bisque Good choiceImported cheese, pricey Good choiceBroiled Maine lobster, better than your average cruise lobster tail Good choiceRack of Lamb, excellent Must eatFilet mignon Good choicePrime Rib, juicy nice quality Good choiceLobster, Cognac & Bousin cheese omelet Excellent choiceBanana Foster yummy high calorie choiceTry not to get too drunk to enjoy the food. Pace yourself for a 2 hour dining experience.
5	Unlimited caviar, lobster tails, lobster bisque, rack of lamb, prime rib, Alaskan king crab, filet mignon, imported cheese, prawns, Perrier Jouet Champagne, and unbelievably good selection of desserts? Sterling Brunch had me at unlimited caviar. $90 might sound steep, considering you can get about two buffets out of that at the other resorts but trust me, they all pale in comparison to Bally Steakhouse's Sterling BrunchI immediately went for the sturgeon caviar and pretty much topped everything with it, Grab some lobster bisque and top that with some lobster tails topped with caviar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5z1WIr7E9P2CSzyN5seeSA?select=p5r69Lsa4VPYQn341ztnKQ#p5r69Lsa4VPYQn341ztnKQ) because that's boss status. The lobster tails are plump and juicy, just like how I like my tails ;) Prime rib and rack of lamb is good as well (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5z1WIr7E9P2CSzyN5seeSA?select=p5r69Lsa4VPYQn341ztnKQ#S_AC7AJUdil9jHRKqiHZfg) but I'm going to fast forward to the second best thing which is the banana foster crepes! They have a chef make it for you on the spot (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5z1WIr7E9P2CSzyN5seeSA?select=p5r69Lsa4VPYQn341ztnKQ#WpbsZIpG6cRbw98uh4Uujg) and you can get it topped with gelato, I chose pistachio and oh my goodness, I would've ate these all night if I could but instead I only had a modest 4...on top of the 15 or so lobster tails I had. Cholesterol for the win buddy! Price came out to about $115 each person for our party of 11, steep, but still a bargain considering how much we ate and the quality of it all. Definitely a must try and certain hidden gem of Las Vegas.
1	$85/person!? Wow! This place is really expensive!!! Even with a Bally's special member rewards card, this place is pricey. I thought the brunch was great. Really!!! But worth the price? No way!!! They serve the same foods I could get at Denny's! The only difference is, I could go back for more. However, at Denny's I can order more and more and more and more and still pay less than this! Buffet, so obviously, you can't take anything out, but I took 2 apples, so they let me take that-- plus a lot of toast... so, I asked and they said take it. However, I think if I had a whole plate of breakfast, they would've said no, because it was obvious what I was doing. $85/PERSON!?!?!?!?!?!?!? if my mom had told me what she was paying... I would have said, screw this... let's go the food court and get some breakfast at McDonald's!
5	$85 a person? So what! If you want to eat at a fine restaurant for surf n turf with a myriad of other seafood,meat, pastas, and desserts, then the Sterling Buffet ranks with the best of the best. It's all you can eat and we are talking quality cuisine here. I'm a big guy with a big appetite, so for me, it was a bargain scarfing down lobster,crab legs, lox, steak, and crepes. Definitely go if you get the chance. Oh, but it's reservation only and they usually are booked every Sunday so call in advance. Since I'm not really a drinker I almost forgot, but for you champagne enthusiasts, it's all you can handle as well. I stuck with the fresh squeezed juices.
1	Overall:I'm so so so disappointed in this place. My friends and I have been dying to try this place for several years every time we went to Vegas, but there was always a reason why we couldn't... maybe we should have listened to that reason. Seriously, I spent $85+ dollars for this place - next time take your money & do the AYCE buffets for 24 hours for $50 or just go to Wynn/Bellagio buffet. I haven't been to either buffet, but I've heard of only good things about them. Food: I wouldn't have been so mad to pay that hefty price tag for this buffet, but half of the food here were not Grade A quality food. I seriously only made my money back because I had the Sturgeon caviar refilled at least 10 times... They had variety of food, which included some seafood like crab claws and lobster. The lobster meat was so dry and the steak was mediocre. Desserts were very abundant and nicely displayed, but I would never pay that much for desserts. Overall, the food was just meh.Service:The waiter was really nice who always came by and refilled our expensive water from the glass bottle! We also got a cup of champagne with our meal. Although I loved your caviar, I will not be returning nor recommending this place to anyone else.Environment: The place was sort of nice, but it had a vintage look to it.
5	For many years I have heard that this was the best buffet in Vegas.  Last month, I found out that it is true.At $85 a person, I had hoped to be disapointed so that I wouldn't have to ever consider paying that much for a buffet again. Unfortunately, I am now going to have to save my money so I can come here on every Vegas trip.This is probably the smallest buffet in Vegas, but had everything I love to eat.  The lobster tails were my favorite part.  I loved that they were full lobster tails.  I didn't have to deal with the rest of the lobster.  The tails were 5-7 ounces and were nothing like the miniature half tails that you get at the Rio seafood buffet. I more than covered the price of the buffet alone in lobster tails.Filet mignon was great. King Crab legs were awesome! Prime rib, veal, mashed potatoes were all good.  My wife loved the fruit in jello with grand marnier. The chocolate covered strawberries were super.I got to try caviar for the first time.  It will also be my last.  Good for you if you like caviar, but my wife and I both hated it.I hate the taste of alcohol, but I figured that fancy, expensive champagne must taste good.  It tasted just as gross to me as a bottle of champagne from the 99 cent store.My wife and I stayed here for close to 2 hours, when we normally stay around an hour at any other buffet.Sure, the price is almost twice the price of the 24hr buffet pass, but I really couldn't eat anymore the next day and a half anyway.The service is also really great here. While we were there, one of the servers, or maybe a manager, walked over to Paris to get some macaroons for the kids at one of the tables near us.The only dilema we had was how much to tip. On one hand, it is a buffet, but on the other it is a fine dining experience.  We went with the fine dining experience tip, since we would be returning.
1	Really, really, REALLY disappointed in the service. This should be 5 star service @ the price. We had reservations. Our first time there. We still had to wait, as "V.I.P" cardholders who walked up without reservations were seated before us. I inquired as to why @ the hostess desk, and she said, "Sorry, they are "V.I.P." s". There are two areas in which to dine. The "steakhouse" and the run down, additional room with zero ambiance and electrical tape all over the floor to cover exposed cords. Guess where the GM sat us? We are considered "V.I.P.s" @ Wynn and Palazzo, and to be treated like this because we don't gamble much @ Bally's was unforgivable. It was obvious that the patrons seated in the run down room were not given 5 star service Oh! There was also a wadded up used Kleenex on the table when the GM seated us. The last straw was when I went to try a lobster tail, and they were empty. According to other patrons, they hadn't been refilled in a while, but they just went back to their tables. This is when I let the GM know exactly how we felt. Oh, and by the way, we were dressed for fine dining, so that is not why we were seated in the back. The GM froze when I told him about my yelp review to come, and promptly seated us in the steakhouse. From there everything went well, but still fuming. The couples @ the next table told us they had been coming here for years( Bally's " V.I.P.s"), and things have gone way downhill. They still come just for the lobster, caviar, and champagne.Let me tell you about the food. When lobster was available, it was GREAT! Caviar was GREAT, champagne was GREAT! Prime rib was not impressive, and my Boursin omelet was burned. Lobster bisque was floury, and had no lobster chunks.I asked the GM why they didn't serve a glass of champagne to the waiting patrons before being seated, and he acted like he never heard of such a thing! I have read that they DO many times in yelp reviews of Sterling.So thanks for listening, and I would definitely go back for the food and champagne @ the price. I would pay 200.00 for 5 star food and service if it were truly 5 star for EVERYONE. This review is based on how we were treated.
3	I went with really high expectations, so perhaps that is skewing my judgement on this place. But in a nutshell...it was just ok.As many have pointed out, it is all buffet style, so the freshness and wow factor just wasnt there for me.My favorite brunch of all time was the brunch at The Steakhouse in Circus Circus...so perhaps I had an unfair bias going in. What I really liked about the CC brunch was that everything was made to order, like filet, eggs benedict, etc. Something just seems to get lost when it gets made in batches and sits in a heating table. I really wish they would re-open that brunch :(The Lobster was just very mediocre, the filets were overdone, the eggs benedict was not too bad, but still a little dry from sitting in the heating table. The crab legs were very good, but wish they would take the extra step and either cut them open for you or provide the scissors because the shells were a little soft and hard to open with just a cracker.The desserts were just ok to me, nothing special.I think the saving grace was that the champagne was flowing (although not as fast as I would have liked) and it is a $40-50 champagne...that is the only reason I would say that the $85 price tag isnt completely out of line.Overall, the food quality was average and not worth the $$$, but if you like a lot of good champagne and dont mind average quality food, it is worth it.
2	What a disappointment! Food overcooked! Certainly not worth the $85! Much better places.
3	Pre-game: Purchased 2 groupons at 2 for $98.  Walked for an hour with our friends at Seven Hills on the trails to prepare.  Eric R. ran.Game time: Arrived at Ballys for 11:30 AM reservations.  Waited at standing-only cocktail table to be seated, almost took til 12 PM.  We sat down at our table (set for 2, we had 4 in the party) in the "VIP" section and were ignored for 20+ minutes.  Tons of staff walked by but the servers kept telling us our waiter was in the back and would be out very shortly.  In that time, a server brought the table settings for the other 2 people.  The other servers saw our frustration (or my impatience rather) and finally filled up our water and champagne glasses, and offered orange juice - the table ordered 3 juices and a busser brought them out.  Bloody Marys are also included (Eric had one).We sat so we could give our server the groupons, but he never came so finally the other server who gave us drinks told us to go eat.  I went to the cold section first.  The buffet is rather small compared to other buffets on the strip though it costs retail 3-4 times more.  We had just been to the M and thought $40 was high and their selection is quite large.  Here, there is a teeny sushi counter and you have to ask for each piece, which is uncomfortable.  I got 2 spicy tuna roll pieces and 2 pieces of tako nigiri.  Then I asked for caviar (it is not offered verbally to you there), got my blini and condiments, and moved on.  I got smoked salmon and some oysters (pretty large) and some goat cheese and toasts.  That was my first round.  When I got to the table, the server who brought table settings admitted he was our server and apologized for the wait, claiming he brought the orange juice that the busser brought before he showed up...hmmm.  Eric asked for a bread basket and off he went.The food was good - they had pretzel rolls in the basket.  I mostly had goat cheese+smoked salmon+caviar+condiments with the bread and blini and toasts to start.  The oysters I had were really good with a squeeze of lemon.  Then I went for hot food - my friends had seen duck but when I went there they were out - the chef said they had to go find duck at the Paris and bring it back?  I got the very last lamb chop at the cutting board (keep in mind they are open til 3?) then got a beef sope to share with Eric (sope tough, beef delicious and spicy).  The lamb chop I got was sooo delicious and actually cooked (I had a raw one at Caesars Bacchanal - see pic I posted on that page)!  The breakfasty stuff did not appeal to me so I went back for more of the caviar, smoked salmon, and sushi.  Then, for dessert I had a bananas foster crepe (yummy) and the whipped cream was vanilla scented and tasty.I then got up to go to the bathroom outside of the restaurant.  When I came back, my friends acquired me some duck that magically appeared (very tasty) and Eric R. said he saw the sushi chef with a plate of sashimi hidden behind the counter that she was only sharing with certain guests.  He had to ask for it since it was not on display - this is a bit sketchy to me.  He ended up with 2 pieces each of tuna, salmon, and yellowtail which was cut very generously, and he shared a little with me.  I wish they had offered that all along!  The whole set up of the sushi/caviar area seemed restricted and made me feel a bit awkward asking for each thing, but it was really 1/4th of the savory items available.In the end, this was definitely a once in a lifetime experience - definitely pricey for the small buffet even with the groupon - I suppose people feel it is worth it to pay for the Perrier-Jouet champagne.  It was neat to come here (and see Eric happy with lobster tails and my friends happy with king crab legs and snow crab claws, etc.) but the options are limited.  The service also was a bit frustrating since it seemed everyone got waited on but us at the beginning, and from reservations to being seated to getting some service took probably around 45 minutes.  We did tip on the retail amount.  Women get a long stemmed rose on the way out of the restaurant, and men get a handshake.  No one rushed us from the table to finish though, so that was good.  Post-game: Walked the strip for over 4 hours after the meal, showing our friends 7 more properties since one had never been to Vegas.
4	I really question the quality of their caviar. It's black salty fish eggs alright, just not sure what kind of fish did they come out from. But having lobsters for breakfast is a cholesterol high all in itself!
4	Awesome service, solid food, ever flowing champagne, and great company made for a wonderful experience. A group of four of us came in at 11:00am and did not leave until 2:30. We ate, drank, and laughed up a storm. Our server, Lorraina, was attentive yet not intrusive. Our champagne and water glasses were always full and we hardly had to ask for anything. Teas and espressos were offered at several different points throughout the meal. All steps of service were executed to perfection. At no point were we rushed and were told to just enjoy ourselves. The service from each station was as personable as possible. The food is stronger than most buffets. Offerings such as king crab legs, halved lobster tails, fresh oysters, lamb chops, prime rib, and sashimi were plentiful. Three plates of savory food and one sweet and I was done. By no means was that small meal. Add a bottle and a half of Pierre Jouet to complete the meal. Although we used Groupons for this occasion, I would gladly pay full price for this again.We even thought ahead and booked a room at the PH so that we could enjoy brunch to its fullest. A stumble across the Paris was the smartest choice we have ever made.
5	That was probably the best brunch I've ever had. Everything was great. There wasn't one thing that I put on my plate that I didn't enjoy. The service was really good too. Our every desire was fulfilled and we ate until we couldn't eat anymore. My body needs some time to recover, but it was worth it. Make sure you try the crab, lobster and sashimi. Those were my favorites. Not to mention, maccarons.
5	This is the buffet to end all buffets. I have had my eye on the Sterling Brunch for so long but I finally got the chance to check it out with the help of Groupon. When it popped up a few weeks ago, I just couldn't resist. My fella and I came here this Sunday to partake in some delectable lobster tails, king crab, sashimi and lamb. Some of the most recent reviews noted that some of the items ran out later in the day so I made sure to make an early reservation. We arrived at 10:30 and were taken to our table immediately. Our server came up to us immediately to fill our water and champagne glasses. He also gave us a rundown of the layout of the buffet and offered his suggestions. We immediately made our way to the buffet to start our foodie adventure. I started with the lobster tails, king crab, lamb, sashimi, caviar and eggs benedict. My fella did the same and we returned to our table. The food was definitely better than any buffet food I've ever had. I was beyond excited for all the choices available to us. Desserts were excellent as well. This is definitely not a meal we will be doing again any time soon, but it is something I recommend everyone do at least once. It is clear that they prepared well for the onslaught of people who came because of the Groupon that was offered. I even overheard conversations among staff about how much more champagne they had been going through since the Groupon became available. They definitely prepared well. They were well-stocked on all food and drink items and definitely well-staffed. We never wanted for anything and our server was extremely attentive and accommodating. He made chit chat with us and was so friendly, I really appreciated the excellent service here. Every part of the meal was 5-star from the start to the end of the meal.
4	We went to the Sterling Brunch with a groupon (reservations must be made). We had heard about the brunch and what great way to try this place.  Can start by saying Tony and his team were outstanding with their service and the refill of water, oj and champagne. You never saw them but they were there...service thats what it is all about.  Lobster, lobster ravioli, lobster bisque, crab claws and jumbo prawns.. well that all I needed..the filet and prime rib were tender and tasty. The hidden gem was the horseradish mashed potatoes.  The deserts were creative and tasty and yes I (we) had a couple of those too. Would I go back, absolutely..hopefully another groupon will pop up.
1	What a screwing this trip was!  I wanted to take my wife to a first class brunch, so we (I) decided that even at $85., it would be worth it to go to the Sterling Brunch.  Boy was I wrong!!  It started with our arrival at 11:20 AM for our 11:30 reservation (I had made reservations in October, 2012).  There was a big long line.  I went to the hostess, and was told get in line.....it doesn't matter if you have reservations.  I wanted to leave, but couldn't recall if I'd guaranteed my reservation with a credit card, so I stayed in line.  At noon, we were taken to our seats, and waited on, but not well.  We got our champagne from Eduardo who kept us in champagne all day, but no one directed us to the buffet, or anywhere else for that matter.  Once at the buffet, the food was generally just OK.  The cold shrimp were good, but the broiled lobster tail was as chewy as a rubber ball.....a charred rubber ball.  And just a bit tastier.  The deserts were awesome, but not awesome enough to save this trip to brunch at Bally's.  We're never going back to Sterling.  It was a $49.99 experience at best.p.s. I'd never heard of a Groupon until yesterday, and I still didn't know what a Groupon is really, but apparently everyone had one in the big long line.......except us.  We got treated like a Grouponer, except with the check......that was full strength.  I don't care to play the coupon game, in part because of silly BS lines, rules, exceptions, etc.  p.p.s.  Had to self park.  Valet full.  BS for an expensive trip to what is supposed to be a classy brunch.
5	Had a 12 a clock reservation, but had to wait about 15 minutes to get seated which isn't bad at all if you drink, since they have an open bar. 30 second's after being seated we were served champagne and orange juice for our own mixture of mimosa's, let's call them bottomless mimosa's, since as soon as you take a drink it's being filled back up, and filled back up they were, Alot, at least for my wife. I can't honestly say that I would rank the quality of the food up there with a five star restaurant but if you like to relax and enjoy 4 star food while being served bottomless mimosa's then search no more.   I was totally satisfied with the service, food and staff . A Great afternoon Champagne Brunch Buffet, one of which I have never had the experience before. And that's from a 15 yr Las Vegas Vet.
3	I've been SOOOO looking forward to trying the Sterling Brunch, but could never justify the cost. When a Groupon came out (2 brunches for $98), I snapped it up! I made my 12p reservation about a month in advance, then reconfirmed it the morning of brunch (Sunday, 12/23).  When I called, the representative had some difficulty finding it, but eventually did, saying that it was made on the "old system."When we arrived at 11:46am,  it was a madhouse- people everywhere!  We waited in line for the hostess to check in. She seemed flustered and had a thick accent.  She too, seemed to have some difficulty finding the reservation, but said that she had it and that it would be about a 25-30 min wait.  Given the number of people milling about, I wasn't surprised, but a tiny bit annoyed (what's the point of making a reservation, then?). Moreover, the system they used was archaic. They wrote down your name onto a slip of paper, and tried to keep the slips in some semblance of order, but still separating who was using a Groupon from those who were paying full price, so Groupon holders were seated after full-price patrons.  There was a walk-up bar where you could get a free (included) bloody mary, but I didn't want to spoil my appetite. After about 40 min, I went to check on our seating status. I noticed our slip on the hostess stand, and she said that there were 3 people ahead of us- noting that the people whose slips were sitting on the stand were next.  I said okay. 4 other parties were seated, and I went back to the stand, noticing that our slip was no longer there. I asked what had happened to it, and she said that the seater must have taken it. I waited, and the seater returned, with no slips in hand. I asked again, what was going on, because our slip that was on the stand and due to be next, was no longer there. The hostess found it- now in the MIDDLE of the pile of slips in her hand- no longer on the stand. I angrily asked what had happened, because 10 min ago, it was on the stand. She initially argued, but saw that I was angry and not to be deterred, so told the seater to go ahead and give us a table. After that, I was a bit upset and flustered, but determined not to let it ruin my meal.  The waiter was very charming and never let our Champagne glass get lower than 1/2 full. Fresh squeezed OJ was also served, but in those tiny juice glasses, so we had to ask for refills fairly often. I also got a Sprite.Now, off to the food.  I sampled almost everything: 3 lobster tails, 2 lamb chops, the salmon/shrimp/crab pastry, red snapper, fillet mignon, made to order lobster omelette,  bacon, mini-quiche, mini-Belgium waffle. My husband also sampled the turkey, potatoes, and prime rib.  I found everything to be pretty tasty, although the lobster could have used some seasoning. I was too full to attempt the steamed shrimp, raw oysters, or caviar. I most enjoyed the omelette and the waffle, and of course the lobster.For dessert, I had a made to order crepe with bananas, grand marnier, and whipped cream. That was simply delicious!  All in all, it was a good experience (minus the debacle at the front of the house), so I have no major complaints, but it wasn't all that I'd expected. The selection is definitely better at the Wynn, the M, or Wicked Spoon (for half the cost), and if you are looking for the ambiance PLUS the delicious food experience (at a slightly lower price point, Groupon notwithstanding), I'd suggest the Jazz Brunch at the Country Club at Wynn.  I'm glad I visited the Sterling Brunch, but I won't be a repeat customer.
3	I made a reservation on 1:00 PM but I had to wait 40 minutes. The hostess seemed to be very upset about something. May be Groupon.About food.Oyster - small and not fresh.Lobster Tail - some good, some bad. I ate 8 though.same as Filet Mignon some cooked perfect but some over cooked.Dessert - Delicious. Almost everything. Crepe was simple and tasty.Server was good. He refilled our champagne all the time. Don't need to ask.The table was dirty. There was stain on it.Around 2:30 PM, they stopped refill the food so I only had 50 minutes to enjoy this expensive buffet.I saw many great reviews. May be it depends on day. Today was so crowded.I used Groupon btw.
3	Went to Sterling Brunch this past weekend. Service was great but the food was average. They had a decent selection of different foods and I got to try a couple new things. The champagne kept flowing which was nice. We, like everyone else there, had a groupon. I would say Sterling Brunch would be something nice to experience once in your life but I don't think it's worth full price unless you have a lot of $$$
5	Absolutely the best brunch buffett I have ever had.  The service was perfect from the hostess to the wait staff.  The food was amaziing in selection and taste.  Lobster, lamb, rock shrimp, sushi you will want for nothing!  Champagne flows freely and it isn't cheap stuff it's Perrier Joet!  I've lived here too long to have not tried this before!  Groupon got me there, but I'll be back it's worth the price!
2	My best friend and I bought a groupon for this brunch, and were so excited to try it out! Based on all the reviews, we came up with our game plan - drink lots of champagne, eat lots of lobster, and starve ourselves the night before so we could eat as much as we could.So we arrived 10 minutes before our RESERVATION. Meaning, we called weeks in ADVANCE to secure our table, and even though we arrived early, we still thought a RESERVATION would let us be seated in a timely manner. When we arrived, the hostess told us we would have to WAIT AN HOUR. Are you kidding me?? I asked her what the point was in making a reservation, and all she told me was that if I didn't have one, we wouldn't be eating (and was SO RUDE while saying that). They offered us bloody mary's while we waited, so I guess that was a nice touch, but still AN HOUR WAIT?? Clearly we were going to start off our meal annoyed. While waiting an hour, we quickly realized that everyone with a groupon was being seated in one section (we dubbed it the cafeteria because that's what it looked like) and patrons paying full price we being seated in the actual nicer restaurant portion.  ALSO, when we arrived, the restaurant portion was EMPTY. So they were saving it for other people, while people who had paid in advance with our groupon had to wait an hour?? I know we have a groupon, but it's not my fault I got a deal... it's Bally's who offered it, so if they were going to treat us like second class, they shouldn't have offered it at all. So onto the food - it was delicious. The caviar was just what we wanted, we ate our weight in lobster, and the severs never let our champagne glasses get empty.  This is the ONLY reason they are getting two stars. The rest of the food was fine. It wasn't outstanding, the quality wasn't top notch, it didn't have an amazing selection (quite small comparatively). I would NEVER EVER come back here and pay full price. The food was worth the groupon price, but I'd rather go to Wynn or Bellagio brunch buffet, pay the same price as my groupon and have amazing service then come back here.Personally, I also wouldn't recommend this to anyone either. Go to a classy hotel, and you'll get a classy brunch. Lesson Learned.
5	WOW!  Total decadence!  Caviar, Lobster Tail, Fresh Sashimi, Sushi, Jumbo Shrimp cocktail, bottomless Grey Goose Bloody Mary's, endless champagne (and our waiter was on the ball with refills).  Superior service.  Phenomenal food quality.  If you do not go at least once in your lifetime, you will never know what you are missing!  I would give them 10 stars if I could!I WILL BE BACK!
5	Amazing brunch at the Bally's Steakhouse on Sundays only. Caviar and champagne. Crab claws, whole lobster tails, fresh sushi, mounds of fresh berries, mango, lychee. Filet mignon, truffled Mac and cheese, lobster ravioli, and amazing desserts. Everything is fresh and all you can eat and drink. My wife had 3 large lobster tails. It is $90 per person but well worth it, service is great, too.
4	Great food.  Good champagne.  Good service.  It was $75/pp last time I went. Pricey  for a brunch buffet but I really enjoyed having sushi and lobster for breakfast!! There were 8 ppl in our group and we must have drank at least 10 bottles of champagne.  We ate and drank our money's worth.
5	I was taken back by the level of hospitality my date and I were shown at this place! They immediately greeted me by Mr. V* and welcomed my date and I into the lobby area. They offered Bloody Marys while we waited for a few short minutes. We were then greeted again by the manager and escorted to our table. The server then advised us of the features of the buffet. There was endless champagne and food was great! I wanted to eat everything! The dessert bar was full of goodies that were accented with a Valentine's day touch.When my date and I left, the hostess again called me by Mr. V* and advised us to wait for one moment. She then walked over to a bouquet of fresh roses and hand picked the most perfect, beautiful, white rose and handed it to my date and sincerely thanked us for coming.This was the perfect Sunday morning brunch!!!
4	After reading the reviews, I made a reservation beforehand and planned to arrive an hour before so that we could eat as soon as possible.  Upon arrival, there was no line, but the hostess seemed as if we were being rude by showing up an hour early for our reservation.  They said that they could seat us in the side overflow section immediately, and since I didn't know any difference, we agreed.  The Food:  The food met most of my expectations.  Luxurious ingredients with no limit.  My lobster tail was overcooked, but my friend said his second tail, which he picked up right when they replenished the serving tray was perfect.  They had a made to order omelette and crepe station.   The sushi station was nice, but the fish was just ok.  My favorite items were the shrimp in the shrimp scampi (the pasta was over cooked, but the shrimp were plump and cooked perfectly), the lamb chops on the carving station, and the cavier which I decadently ate with everything.  The cold station was a bit of a disappointment (the stone crab claws were not good), but the desserts looked beautiful. The Service:  There were 2 waiters in our section, and i don't think more than 5-7 tables that were filled (about half the room), but for some reason they seems overwhelmed.  We didn't get any attention for a long time.  I had read that they constantly refill your drinks, and that the service was impeccable, but we were sitting there for a good 5-10 minutes with empty glasses trying to catch the eye of a waiter.  I'm not sure if it was because we were in the overflow room.  I noticed other tables had baskets of bread/pastries, but we were never offered any.  And I heard from another diner that there was a vodka bar somewhere but we were never offered any.  Having paid what we did, I expected the servers to be much more attentive, so all in all, that was a disappointment.  Overall:  The price is high for a buffet. Even though the food items were all luxury items, I felt like the preparation could have been better.  I would have rather spent the money to go to a nicer sit down restaurant.  The all you can drink is good, but would have been better if the servers were more on top of it.  I would maybe try it again with seating in the main dining room, as I think the service and ambiance may be better.
5	Excellent! Everything from watching the girlfriend OD on crab to the service. The mimosas flow freely and the food was great no matter what you put on your plate. If you get the chance, you will not be disappointed.
5	I have been to the Sterling Buffet several times, starting back in the days when it was only $49 and most recently when it was $90.  Loved it every time.  I stay away from the breakfast foods since I can have them anywhere.  After a glass of the wonderful French champagne, I head right for the caviar, oysters and lamb, all my favs, and I could stop there and be perfectly happy.  I have never really enjoyed their lobster, or the boiled shrimp (too ordinary) but almost everything else has been just perfect.  Service has always been impeccable, and I was never rushed out even after sitting and eating and drinking for 2 hours or more.  I will definitely be going again, perhaps I'll even be lucky enough to get a Groupon next time!
5	Very good Drink Food and Service ( Thank you Mr. Duff)
5	The best brunch I ever had. It's pricey but food is great. You need to dress up, it's a restaurant, not a buffet.
5	Sterling Brunch is the best buffet in Vegas and worth every penny. I have been many times and one of the visits was using the Groupon. This was a great deal, basically buy one get one free. We were seated in a nice comfy booth and had the nicest waiter on all of my visits.The food is awesome. Lobster Tails, Caviar and Champagne alone were worth it. They have so many choices and everything is good. I just wish the sushi section was larger. It seems to be getting smaller for some reason.With or without a coupon, this place is worth every penny. You need to make a reservation well in advance as they are always booked. Don't worry if you have to wait a bit when you get there. They offer complimentary Grey Goose Bloody Marys!
3	Came in here with pretty high expectations but was pretty highly disappointed. Service was terrible, had to ask multiple time for the server to refill my water which was probably the best water I have ever tasted.Perrier Joet was delicious. Caviar was good and abundant.  Filet mignon mediocre. Lobster tail overcooked and dry. Sashimi TERRIBLE. Rack of lamb decent.I felt the brunch was overpriced, expected better service, and expected better quality food.
2	I had a really good brunch here several weeks ago. At least that's what I thought. Until two hours later I had severe diarrhea that did not stop until the evening. My companion did not suffer the same fate so I guess it must have been the sashimi and oysters that she did not eat. A pity ,because I really liked the food and the service was superb but I don't think it was worth the stomach ache,discomfort and diarrhea I suffered for hours after that.
5	This is how you do brunch. It's not cheap but is well worth it. Champagne (not sparkling wine), lobster, caviar, prime rib, lamb, made to order omelets and crepes, sushi, and lots more. Food was delicious, service was great, and most importantly our Champagne glasses were never empty. Definitely coming back and bringing the family when they come to visit.
5	First time having caviar, it was very salt good. =)
5	A true hidden gem in an older hotel - Everything about the sterling brunch experience is AMAZING - the food, service, champagne and atmosphere.  I cannot say enough about this amazing experience.  We have been several times and each and every time the experience has been 10/10 or even higher!
3	If you love lobster and "real" champagne - for $85 pp, it's worth it.  Otherwise, it is overpriced with a limited option of choices.  Service outstanding.
5	Perrier-Jouet Champagne and fresh Seafood Great Decor and ServiceIf you don't like it you should dine at McDonald's.Or just go home.
4	I've been to this lesser known buffet a couple times and my friends are always amazed when I take them here.  The service is impeccable and the food is as good the other reviews state.  I seriously think I get my money's worth here with the unlimited boojey champagne, caviar, and lobster tails. The only reason I knocked off a star was because the lobster was a bit inconsistent.  Every other time I've been here, the lobster was cooked to perfection.  However, the first batch of lobster tails I ate this trip was really soft and mushy.  The next batch, however, was much better less overcooked.  Highly recommended, but only if you're not hungover from Sat. night activities because it's definitely not cheap!
4	The most expensive buffet I've ever been to and probably will ever go to rests at the steakhouse inside Bally's Resort and Casino.This brunch is BALLIN'!!! To start off you have to make reservations in advance and they only open Sunday for brunch. Be warned: it's $85 per person. That's right, that wasn't a typo. However, with that hefty price tag comes some very extravagant perks as you'll see. When you first arrive if you're table is not yet ready, enjoy some complimentary champagne/bloody mary's while you wait. When you do get seated you're transported back to old school Vegas. The walls are lined with old photos of Elvis, Rat Pack, etc.  The waiters are fully suited up and look like they can be your butler for the next couple of hours. Great, nostalgic ambiance for some. As for the food and drink, prepare to be astonished. The meal comes with unlimited champagne and I put this to the test with round after round of mimosas. The food well, is just super over the top in excess of anything you might expect. Lobster tails, crab legs, caviar, fresh oysters, oysters rockafeller, prime rib, rack of lamb, chilean sea bass, sashimi, dragonfruit, crepe station (I had bananas foster), oh and did I mention CAVIAR, probably but it's worth mentioning twice. I'm not sure how often I'd come back but I'm really glad I got to experience it at least once before I died. I died. Nomnom.
3	Sterling has been on my yelp bookmark for very long time. We finally got a chance to go there to celebrate of my mom's 60th birthday. I've read lots good reviews about it and had very high expectation. It took us awhile to realize that Sterling is not a restaurant. It's located inside Bally's steakhouse. I personally prefer to enjoy my Sunday brunch in a bright and open spaced restaurant (so I can enjoy the sunshine). Since Sterling is located inside a traditional steakhouse, I bet you can just imagine how this place is even with all the lights on full blast. Let's talk about food now. Crab claws and legs were very fresh and crab meat was sweet and succulent. Lamb chop was really good! It was tendered and perfectly cooked with their special mint sauce. Caviar that you can get from sushi bar was okay quality. It did meet my expectation since this is AYCE. However, I was very disappointed with the over cooked lobster tail!! I just felt like they could do so much better since this is a Sunday brunch with $90 per person!!! There was nothing really wowed me from dessert bar. But, I did enjoy coffee creme brulee and mixed fruit champagne. Overall, my dinning experience here was just okay and I felt like it's overpriced. I probably wouldn't go back again since there are so many good Sunday brunch places in Vegas.
5	Holy mother of pearl.  Now, THIS is the buffet of buffets.  At $85 a pop (remember to bring your Total Rewards player's card for a small discount), come get your endless caviar, filet mignon, LOBSTER TAILS, sashimi, made-to-order omelettes, veal, lamb, creme brulee freshly brulee'd, oysters, and more!!Oh, and *bottomless* Perrier-Jouet SHAM-PAG-NUH (champagne)!!!!Incredible service.  I couldn't find any faults--not because I was intoxicated.  No really, I found no faults with the servers.  They were all wonderful.Really.  Need I say more?  It's worth trying it once.  Go big or go home.
3	The champagne served was Perrier-Jouet Belle Epoque and the flutes were never left below half full. The quality of their selections made up for their lack of variety. Overall, it was okay.
5	I am not going to review based on price because if you are concerned with price you don't need to come here...Pros- Awesome food (though like with any buffet setting some things can be dry, if thats the case just get another one)Amazing serviceOpen bar if you don't like the champagne, this was a surprise to me and made the meal all the better. Real Sushi not the normal buffett kind if you know what I meanOmelette bar was high end as was everything about the place.Cons-My belly can only consume so much foodI can honestly say I never thought I would enjoy this so much nor ever go back again. Now I can't wait til next month when I can afford to go again just an awesome time.
4	Came here with a large group for a bachelor party and wasn't sure what to expect. The restaurant isn't a buffet, it's a steak house that only serves brunch on Sundays. We went in and sat down, greeted by champagne and "fresh squeezed orange juice." The server described it as such but I later saw him pouring from a carton that said, "fresh squeezed orange juice" into the serving pitchers.The food is actually pretty limited and there aren't as many choices as wicked spoon or other Vegas buffets. The area itself is pretty small because it's not built for a buffet. There were oysters, snow crabs, a sushi station, a carving table (prime rib and lamb), two buffet self serve stations, and a small dessert bar. The seafood was solid and fresh. The prime rib was also good but nothing extraordinary. So why pay $90 for this buffet? Lobster and caviar. The lobster tails are thick and juicy, so if you're a fan you'll get your money's worth.The caviar was also good but the most of the guys weren't fans. I recommend trying this at least once but if you want a wide variety then other Vegas buffets would be a better choice. If you really want seafood this place is perfect.
4	Where to start. This was a treat to my fiancee for her birthday. She loves crab and lobster, so when I saw the menu I knew we had to come here. I made reservations for 11 am but got there right as it opened. They accommodated us, no problem. We went to our table in this otherwise upscale restaurant. the service was fantastic as my champagne never fell below 3/4 full in the glass. The food was great. My girl loaded up in the meal, 2 lobster tails, 3 plates of crab legs, fillet mignon and some shrimp. I had some Prime rib, mashed potatoes and Lobster ravioli, The food was great, the atmosphere was superb and the service fantastic. While I really liked this Brunch I didn't love it. My fiancee did, but I didn't, that is why there are only 4 stars not five.
3	I went to this brunch with a group of ladies to celebrate a birthday. The service was excellent, and the constant refills of champagne and other drinks did make up for the food. I was not impressed by this buffet. It was small, not a lot of variety, and the thought of eating seafood on a Sunday, makes me squeamish! Read Kitchen Confidential and you'll know why. For the price I would not go to this buffet again. Hit the M Buffet, much better.
5	Forget the lesser reviews on here. No, it doesn't have hundreds of items. But the items it does have are of the finest quality...like grilled lobster, crab, caviar, endless champagne, etc. Sterling is by far the best brunch in Las Vegas. Period. The lesser reviews here are hilarious. And wrong. If you want the very best brunch quality and service, Sterling is for you. You won't be disappointed. About $120 per person including tax and tip. Amazing experience. Try it. You won't be disappointed.
4	Yes, it is the best buffet in Las Vegas, but having been here 7-8 times I can only compare it now to how it used to be a few years ago.Besides the champagne, you come for the desserts, the seafood and the meat, pretty much...the first 5 times I came here, each of those categories would be 5 stars.I came a year ago and they were out of salmon sashimi, the lobsters were overcooked, ultra small (think Rio Seafood buffet)  and the meat was excellent.I came here this weekend...the lobsters were fine this time around, big ol' plump tails, sashimi was great but the filet mignon, the rack of lamb and the prime rib...all overcooked and of a slightly lesser quality than what they've had in the past. The rack of lamb is my favorite meat and it was bland and overcooked, not the tasty, tender red meat with the rosemary I was used to. In fact, Bachannal buffet at Caesar's puts out a better lamb on their buffet. Was a bit disappointed...and the prime rib wasn't top notch like years past.The desserts have been a continual slide, though still "ok"...I'll mention though, back in the day 1/3 of the dessert bar didn't consist of cupcakes.Still a great time, still a great Sunday brunch but the stars just haven't totally aligned the last couple of visits.Service is always top notch, however.
5	Without a doubt, the BEST brunch anywhere!Obviously not cheap, but worth it if you get the right things. My selections are always the lobster tails (and not just one) rack of lamb, caviar and the shrimp. I don't bother with the fill ins such as bread, pancakes etc.Lobster tails are perfectly cooked and seasoned and just need a dab of drawn butter for an orgasmic experience. Don't bother with the little tiny cups of caviar, but instead ask the caviar server to put a nice size dollop on your plate. As others have said, the restaurant is somewhat dated, but who cares, your there for the amazing food!
5	When you come ask for Jason. Best waiter I've ever had. He's just amazing. The buffet is also worth it
4	This brunch buffet is very different from other Vegas buffets.  It's hosted only on Sundays at the steakhouse in Bally's.  They have a smaller number of stations that most buffets, however the quality and content of what's served is really great.  They have 8oz lobster tails, snow crab legs, caviar, gourmet desserts, champagne, and other breakfast/brunch items.  Let's face it, you go for the prime rib, lobster, crab, and caviar.  If you like those four items, it's worth it to pay $90+.  Otherwise, you might be disappointed.  I really enjoyed it, and would definitely return.
2	WACK! For someone that frequents vegas fairly often, I figured why not spend a ish load of money to see what the hype is about. I'm sorry to say that I was very disappointed. The only good thing was the unlimited mamosas, but everything there was not kept to temperatue and they did not have a huge selection. MGM Grand and bellagio are way better and way cheaper! Don't waste your money!!
2	Too much hype, not enough substance.This place aims high but misses. The not so sterling brunch buffet does provide a variety of offerings not common to run-of-the-mill buffets. This Sunday morning, the hot selection, among other things, included lobster tails, duck breasts and lamb chops. The cold selection was highlighted by plated salmon lox as well as domestic caviar and its accouterments. The above were sandwiched between champagne service at the table and bite-sized sweets and fruit selections for desert.Shamefully most of the hot protein was well overcooked or had been sitting on the line for too long. The lobster tail was rubbery, the duck was inedible and the lamb... well just not good.At the table while our hard working server tried to keep pace, she fell well short. Two rounds of dishes were not bused, coffee could not be ordered alongside desert and the final bill had to be sought from the passing manager. We had high hopes for this visit based on previous reports but I guess there is only so much quality that can be delivered on a buffet line. There is no excuse however for poor service. At more than $80 per parson (not including gratuity) excellent service is the least that must be provided. If this brunch returns post-construction, hopefully it will be better staffed and managed.
5	I'm a food lover and finally this place is the best of the best, no other place/brunch/buffet can compare.  Very high class (food and services).  Best Lobster (moist, taste), crab leg (supper yum), rack of lamb (the best ever), caviar, sushi (fresh), shrimp, cold cut supper moist and taste good..... food worth every penny.  Definitely come back because I found the best food in Vegas...
3	I agree with most of the other reviews.  Great food and plenty of it.  Lobster, crab, caviar, tenderloin, large shrimp, lamb and much more.  Great champagne.Only complain is that the service was slow.  I think they were understaffed.Also, we were seated in a section that had no ambiance - I think off the bar.  Atmosphere was a thumbs down.  We had a reservation weeks in advance and still had bad seating.I wouldn't go again.  There are plenty of better places.
5	Favorite buffet in Vegas. A little pricier than other buffets around but definitely worth the money. Bottomless Perrier-Jouet, caviar, lobster, and many more. Our server was very attentive and went above and beyond. My girlfriend wanted tea to go, and our server went to the cafe outside the restaurant to get a to go cup. Champagne + caviar + lobster + outstanding service = worth the $100/person price tag. Also, it's not crowded like Bacchanal so no waiting in line to get your Filet Mignon!
5	This is the most expensive brunch that I've been to, and it was worth it.  I went during relaunch weekend under the BLT Steak brand,  but I think that they were in soft launch over the past couple of weekends. Quiet, set apart, totally focused on service, this does justice to the term Sunday Brunch.  They have a dress code, but they don't enforce it. The only dress rule that they seem to have is that you can't arrive straight from the pool party.  Great way to make up to your date for an all-night bender.  BTW, they used fromage cheese with their specialty lobster omelet, FYI.
5	Holy moly. This brunch is insane. Top notch champagne. Unlimited caviar. Lobster tails and scallops. So so good.
2	This USED to be the best brunch/buffet in Vegas.  Under the new BLT name, I don't know if it's due to new ownership, management or culinary team, but Sunday brunch was terrible.  Yes the waitstaff''s service was still very attentive and the champagne was still Perrier Jouet.  But those were the only things that remained from the old beloved Sterling Brunch that I've been coming to and raving about for the past 7 years!  I've brought my mom and her friends, all are TR Diamond and 7Stars members, everytime we go to Vegas (which is way too often!).  They have enjoyed it so much, they've been bring their friends and family.  This time I brought a colleague and friend and the experience was hugely embarassing!  Just about all the seafood was oversalted (from lobster bisque to crab legs) and all the meats were way over cooked.  The lobster tails were 1/3 the size they used to be, and overcooked, dry and salty.  The crab "legs" were more like left over scraps from the spread of the old Sterling.  The "chilean" sea bass was dry and salty.  The Filet mignon was so overdone it's inedible.  The lamb chops were completely brown and tough.  There was no sushi.  No duck.  Desserts selections were also pathetic.  No crepe station.  No ice cream. No creme brule.  Overall there were only 1/2 the selections of food and at 1/4 of the quality.  It is now a waaaayyyyy overpriced mediocre buffet living off its past reputation.  Unless management raised the bar back up to pre-remodel/rename, I will not ever be back and would discourage friends and family from doing so.
5	In Vegas there is no shortage of fine dining experiences available and I have enjoyed many 4 & 5 star steakhouses in NY, CA & Vegas. I am thrilled to report that the Sterling Brunch at Bally's is amongst my favorite dining experiences in Las Vegas and an excellent value IF you enjoy a leisurely meal and sample all that this buffet has to offer. If you want 100's of menu items then you may be disappointed. There are other worthy buffets that offer good food and variety to satisfy most any palate. If you're satisfied with fewer, very high quality items with exceptional service then I strongly recommend this brunch.The quality/taste of the food prepared here is in the same league as any 4 star steak house. What is provided is a beautiful feast of traditional steak house favorites. Items I enjoyed include: aged well-crusted/seasoned filet mignon with herbed steak butter; sea bass finished in a light basil pesto type sauce; king crab legs & drawn butter; split maine lobster tail removed from the shell upon request; rack of lamb, fresh oysters on the half shell with mignonette sauce; prime rib served with a rich thick au jus that is reduced to a near glaze; crab claws, roasted applewood bacon slab cut to order; assorted sushi (small selection) and sake; truffle mashed potatoes; excellent creamed spinach; jumbo shrimp cocktail; individual antipasti plates; crab cakes; omelet (including an excessively rich lobster boursin cheese offering) and that's just what's on the actual buffet line. Is this a massive selection? No, not at all compared to most Vegas buffets but I would personally much prefer this smaller selection of classic steak house items done right and seasoned to perfection over the often mass produced inconsistent and underseasoned choices at many buffets and brunches in town. Some complain about the lack of salad bar. There is no salad bar but there are additional offerings from the kitchen that are brought out to order by the attentive servers (all finely clad in tuxedos by the way). Options included: some of the best lobster bisque ever with creme fraische and microgreens, caesar or chopped salad, caviar, tuna tartar, prosciutto eggs benedict, and belgian waffles with macerated berries. In addition the wait staff is constantly topping you off with unlimited Perrier Jouet champagne (avg price $50/bottle in stores), juice, coffee, and even simple syrup for our iced tea "so you don't have to wait for the sugar to dissolve", said one of our kind servers. The micro desserts were a feast for the eyes and mouth, though I will say I'm saddened they no longer offered the praline crepes and cherries jubilee I had read about. The desserts are comparable to other great buffets but the attention to detail was phenomenal. Miniature carmelized pineapple upside down cakes with edible gold leaf; baby martini glasses layered with custard and mango coulis topped with whipped cream, powder sugar dusted raspberries, and a long chocolate curl like a swizzle stick painted blue. Cake pops that are not cake but in fact layers of chocolate encasing rich chocolate mousse. Huge chocolate covered strawberries, some covered in oreo cookie crumbs or roasted almonds. Mini cream puffs wearing a wide brimmed "hat" of carmelized sugar. Napoleons, glazed fruit tartlets, dark chocolate tartlets topped with delicate butterfly wings of white chocolate. The tiny treats were as tasty as they were beautiful. Plus seasonal ripe berries to compliment the champagne and carmelized banana bread pudding french toast. Service is friendly, highly attentive, and if they see you coming from the buffet line with a full plate they rush to take it from you and escort you back to your table. Reservations mean no wasting precious vacation time waiting in amusement park-like lines. Considering the avg cost of a moderate to high end steakhouse a la carte menu the $85 price for all the food, champagne, and sake described above is a steal. Just be sure you bring your total rewards players card to get the $85 price. Vegetarians and those with small appetites or a preference for simple food will not fare well here. A steak house aficionado with a love for surf and turf will not only delight in this dining experience but boast that it was a great value for their money. To maximize your dollar sit and stay a while and drink up! My 3 king crab legs, 2 lobster tails, filet mignon, 2 bowls of lobster bisque (to which I added another cut up lobster tail!), 6 glasses of champagne, caviar appetizer, tiramisu and chocolate strawberries alone would FAR exceed $85 at even a moderate priced steak house chain and I ate more than this. Perhaps it was better before as some yelpers suggest but it doesn't disappoint now!
5	A friend recommended me to try this buffet because I told her I have tried all the buffet but can't find a good one! Boy was I wrong! This buffet has everything from crepe, sushi to lobster and king crab legs!! This place needs reservation unless you are club member and don't like to wait!
5	My boyfriend and I are aficionados of Sunday bottomless champagne brunches. Being New Yorkers, we feel they are a pleasure and a reward after a sometimes stressful workweek. Since we knew we'd be in Vegas on a Sunday, I did research online and decided upon Bally's. Even though I saw where some reviewers didn't think the brunch wasn't as up to snuff as it had been, we thought we'd give it a go. The minute we stepped up to the reservation desk, we were greeted by a friendly young woman. Then, immediately, the manager appeared and gentlemanly escorted us to our table. Anthony, our server, could not have been more jovial and attentive. We were instantaneously brought champagne. I am used to starting off with a Bloody Mary (being the lush I am), but Anthony informed me that they were not included with the brunch. Nevertheless, I wanted one, and it was one of the finest I've ever had. On to the food: I have never been a big fan of lobster, but it's edible, so I started off with a lobster tail. To me, it was a little on the tough side. However, the prime rib more than compensated for it; indeed, it was the most delicious I've had. The lamb chop was nonpareil, and coupled with the mint jelly, was delightful. We both liked the creamed spinach, and the truffle mashed potatoes were out of this world. You do have to ask for the caviar; one reviewer mentioned you get a miniscule portion, which is not untrue. However, I'm sure if it were dispensed freely on the buffet, there would be those who would be gluttons and put the restaurant out of business. So it's a necessary evil. No, it's not a lavish spread, but the selection is more than adequate, and the service impeccable. Moreover, there's not that annoying having to wait in line, and our fellow diners were civilized (meaning not loud). This is more expensive than the other Vegas brunches, but, like they say, you get what you pay for.
5	Super good food. Too bad the cavier was heavily controlled. Of you want to eat meat at brunch, this place is perfect. For some unknown reason, they choose to hide their salads in the back along with the Xavier. Oysters, crab legs and the best lamb rack you will ever have just sit on the buffet selection table. Crazy good stuff you have to try--mini waffles (in the back) -lamb rack-French toast that looks like bread pudding-Oysters-smoked salmon served with mystery amazing eggy cream sauce-lobster bisqueStuff that I thought I would love but didnt--all the desserts.. Bad :(-egg products-tuna tartare-lobster tail (overcooked)
5	When my wife and I visited Las Vegas last February, we were disappointed to learn that Bally's Steakhouse -- home to the epic Sterling Brunch -- was closed for renovations.  When we returned to the casino in July, we were curious about the changes that were made to the recently reopened restaurant.  "How can you improve on excellence?", we wondered aloud.  Well, Bally's nailed it.  The former Bally's Steakhouse has been rebranded as BLT Steakhouse and the upgrade shows.  The new configuration of the dining room is perfect for a brunch due to the addition of a dedicated serving area.  The finishes are clean, modern, and comfortable and add an openness to the space that was previously lacking. I didn't think they could improve on the food, but they did.  Delicious Nueske's Slab bacon was added to the carving station as well as a scrumptious chocolate-peanut butter mousse added to the dessert station.  The omelet bar was still turning out awesome eggs and the cold shellfish station was still a winner.  Of course, the Perrier Jouet champagne flowed freely and the service was impeccable, thanks to our server Diane.  Thanks, Bally's!  We'll certainly return to try dinner at the steakhouse!
5	A Vegas must!!!!!! Worth every penny!!!! No lie!  We were there for 5 hours!  Great service!  Newly remodeled.  Lots of choices with lobster, crab, sushi, shrimp, oysters, lamb...I could go on and on but just look at my posted pics! Or better yet just try it! Bottomless champagne, sake and more!  I will def go back!  Get a players card for discounted price.  See you there!
5	The Sterling Brunch can't be beat ever!! And Diane brings old school service to new heights, be sure to ask for her!
3	Most of the people that raves about Sterling Brunch seems to base their review on quantity.  Yes, I agree that they do have an impressive array of foods.  However, quantity doesn't make good brunch.  I tend to look for quality instead of quantity.Even $85/$90 that Sterling charges isn't bad since they are equivalent with other brunch locations.  However, the differences lie in that other location has an option to add champagnes meaning they typcally charge $50 ~ $60 for actual brunch and if you want to add champagne, they add another $25 or so.  So that the non drinker can opt out, unlike Sterlings if you don;t drink, you are screwed by paying full price.If you are looking for quantity instead of quality, this is the place.  However, if you want quality instead of quantity, there are couple places that I could think of that's so much better.1,  Bistro at Mandarin-Oriental.  Best service as well as very good quality.  They serve Kumamoto oysters instead of that $0.25 that Sterlings does.  They also have a real Japanese sushi chef that takes your order and make wjhat you want.  However, their selections are considerably less than Sterlings.2. Country Club at Wynn's Jazz Brunch is very similar to Mandarin-Oriental3. Fountains at Bellagio.  Three mentioned above I believe have a lot higher quality of food than that of Sterling.  As I've indicated, less selections than Bally's.  Furthermore, 3 mentioned above all averages around $60 with optional champagne (#20 - $25).3 mentioned above, I've tried in past 6 month while Sterlings, I just tried this morning.    It wasn't anything special.  Food is like any other buffet.  Their caviar is probably cheapest they could get their hands on (not worth going their for).  Their lobster was tough, I had better tasting lobster at Todai and that's not saying mch.  I do give credit for lobster bisque which was pretty good.  Final word.  If you want quality, try the three I mentioned.  After today's visit to Sterling Brunch, I will be going back to one of the three I mentioned above.  No one can eat everything that Bally's offer, so why not go for the QUALITY instead of quantity.
5	I crave...CRAVE this place and it's unfortunate I'm no where near Las Vegas and have to wait until next time I'm in the area to have brunch here. It's AMAZING - everything I had was to die for. The caviar is fabulous, the creamed spinach is dreamy - literally everything they offer is just...heaven. Oh and the popovers with the butter and sea salt when you first sit down - o...m..g.  I'm also happy to see the renovation - it's now in BLT Steak whereas it used to be in a really old restaurant. The brunch food is still the same but for those of you who have been to Sterling Brunch before, you'd be amazed with the transformation. I think prices increased $10 but still totally worth it.
3	Took party of 3 to the Brunch on Sunday.  Comparing it to previous visit couple years back with have given it a rating of only 2 Stars.  But times in Vegas change and got to compare it to the similar Sunday Brunch offerings in town.  It got a 3.  The remodel of the Steakhouse is better and much more bright.  Did look much less dated.  The new format of the brunch with some items being made to order in the back is nice in that it those items are still hot.  But you really have to work at getting them.  We asked when we sat down for a list of special order items and staff was resistant to giving to us.  They also never checked back to see how we liked the items or if we wanted additional items.  Caution - if you order cavier expect less than two bites per order.  The buffet line food was good.  Lobster little over cooked.  Sushi selection very poor.  Filet was cooked a nice medium.  Lamb was way over cooked.  Unlikely to go back.  Price of $85 head verses the selection/quality of food & service was unbalanced.  Oh but those good ole days in Vegas.....
5	What an incredible experience! Celebrating our one year anniversary, my girlfriend and I decided to indulge in something a little out of the ordinary. From the moment we sat down we were greeted warmly by our waiter, Tony, who gave us the history of the buffet while popping a fresh bottle of French champagne. (He promised our glasses would never be empty, and he definitely kept this promise.) At first glance it seemed like every thing was going to be delicious, and the food absolutely did not disappoint. Unlimited Alaskan king crab legs, lobster tails, filet mignon, sushi and other staples from BLT steaks menu were available from the buffet and we were also served Lobster bisque, tuna tartar and caviar by our waiter. And then when we thought it couldn't get any better, the desserts were just as decadent and over the top, some with gold leaf shavings, but all were so delicious. Overall it was an incredible experience that I highly recommend to anyone looking to do something unlike anything else in Vegas! It may seem expensive but seeing what you get for the price, it does make sense. A big hats off to Tony our waiter for making the experience that much more enjoyable! Looking forward to our next trip to Vegas just to get to eat at the buffet again!
3	3.5 stars.  The selection is limited compared to other brunch buffets, but it's all about quality here.  Tender rib eye steak, rock crab claws, king crab legs, gigantic shrimp cocktail, oysters on the half shell, halved lobster tails, rack of lamb, prime rib, sushi, sea bass, roasted asparagus, crab cakes, mini crab frittata, mini cheese plate, mini caprese salad, mini yogurt and granola, one-bite dessert galore, and freshly made cheese popovers.  You can order cesar salad, caviar, lobster bisque, and tuna tartare, through the waitstaff.  I liked the savory items more than the sweet items.  Many of the lobster tails were too dry, the popover was a little on the doughy side, and the lobster bisque was delightful.  The chocolates at the dessert bar were tasteless and there were fruit flies hovering over the goodies.Other important info: located at BLT Steakhouse inside Bally's, $90 per person which includes good champagne (and will not be reduced if you don't drink alcohol), quality over quantity here, it was quite tasty and well worth it if you prefer to have dinner food for breakfast or lunch.
3	Sunday 8/3 was our second visit in a month.  Both times the food was exceptional.  The tuna tartare is beyond reproach, as is the prime rib, shrimp, sashimi, halibut, chopped salad & of course the fabulous Perrier Jouet.  The food is a full 5*However, the service is marginal.  Our waiter, Ryan was less than attentive, making judgements on how many of the items ordered were necessary for the table.  Really?  The visit in July was also clouded by the less than stellar wait staff.  This is a special experience that would be better received if the staff were more in-line with the quality of the expected dining experience.  Bally's please find a way to offer service to the same level as the food.
2	I wish I could be writing a better review since I've been going to the Sterling Brunch for years and have been there a dozen or more time, but unfortunately the changes made to the format has significantly diminished the service levels worthy if a $79/pp brunch. Our champagne glasses were frequently empty, table settings weren't cleared and replaced and the servers were hard to flag down. Since we have been going for years and know the servers we'll and we know the service levels they are capable of providing. Instead, they were busing tables and making kitchen runs for items not available at the buffet service. It's too bad, since this was once one of the places we frequently recommended, even at the $79/pp price. We will explore other premium brunches for our next visit, but we'll pass on Bally' Sterling Brunch for a long time.
4	Came here as our big splurge meal for a Vegas weekend since this brunch costs $85 (not including tax or tip) with your Total Rewards Card.  If you don't have one then i think it's $90...Definitely the priciest buffet that I have ever been to for a meal, but i think you definitely get better quality everything - food, service, experience. Luckily we came here early on a Saturday around noon and the place was empty! our party of 6 was seated right away without a reservation. i feel like the high price tag def deters a lot of tourists away but worked for us that we didnt have to wait in any line haha. Note that the Sterling Brunch is held at the BLT Steakhouse space and there's no specific sign to indicate brunch so just be aware of that hahaOn to the food & champagne...I loved that it was unlimited champagne and it was the good stuff. i think i drank enough champagne to recoup the $85 price tag haha. Also included are non-alcoholic drinks like sodas or coffee - pretty cool that you could get cappuccino too. For the food, you cannot beat lobster tail! although i thought the lobster itself was a bit too salty, once its dipped in butter that saltiness goes away haha. Also liked the prime rib, filet mignon, tuna tartar, crab claws & legs, truffle mashed potatoes, and lobster bisque. pretty cool that you can order some items hot/fresh from the kitchen in addition to all the food that is laid out for the buffet. also they will cook your meat made to order. my friend wanted a rare piece of filet mignon so the chef cooked him one - very cool. im sure that our large party was kind of overwhelming and rowdy for the classiness of the Sterling Brunch haha but the service did not suffer from that haha. the service was amazing all afternoon! my champagne glass was not empty once and all our plates were consistently cleared out for us. our server was really friendly and knowledgeable and i even learned a little bit about the champagne making process haha.overall this is definitely a splurge in vegas but i think its worth the experience and worth the great time. cannot beat that free champagne! haha
5	The new, revamped Sterling Brunch at Bally's BLT Steak is "out of this world!!" Will always go back as long as the service and food, not to mention Perrier Jouet champagne remain 5 stars , as it is now. What a decadent experience. Heaven on earth, especially after my last review! Love it!!
5	All I can say to begin with is " WOW " . Was in Vegas for a Trade show and decided to check out this brunch because it was the only one with " Unlimited Champagne ". I can say without a doubt it is worth 5 stars and then 5 more. It is held inside Bally's at the BLT steak house our reservation was for 1130 am but we showed up early and were seated immediately. one of our waiters "we had 3"  Popped a Bottle of Perrier Jouet " Yup Thats right  unlimited perrier jouet !  The meal Began with an incredible  Gruyere Popover  with sea salt  " Amazing " and everytime we looked up  There was Hugo  with a fresh bottle of champagne. On to the buffet The selection   huge  Hot items  Steak ,Lamb,fish,  Crab legs  Lobster  it will blow your mind. Then just when you think you have had enough  here they come with the kitchen Menu ...  I ordered Eggs Benedict with the Truffles and Filet mingon . and of course eggs Benedict with Lobster   and then the deserts   WOW   oh   ya  and more champagne. And finally  after 3 hours  5 bottles of perrier jouet .....  we were full  and with a smile  we turned our glasses upside down  and proclaimed the best brunch EVER  even better then breakers in palm beach. The price  90 $ per person  what a value  if you are going to vegas  you must spend a sunday morning with these amazing servers and chefs  you will not regret it.
4	A couple years ago, I got thrown out of this buffet for getting tubs of cavier.It was american sturgeon.  Anywhere that offers all-you-can-eat Sturgeon Cavier for $85 is OK in my book. American or Russian, doesn't really matter.I can't wait to get thrown out again.
5	This place is the best! As numerous others have said, this place is more about quality than variety. Everything from the lobster tail to the filet mignon was excellent. Surprising to say, but the fee for admission is more than worth it. Drinks alone could cover the cost. If you can appreciate good quality food and drinks, you will not regret a single cent.  Check it out!
5	went to this brunch for the first time with a group of 7 and i have to remark that the service and food was phenomal as described. champagne was served while we waited and the waiter brought out ahi tartar and caviar plates for the entire party. The king crab legs were huge and flavorful along with the fanny bay oysters which were tiny and very fresh and tasty. In hindsight i could have ate and drank my $85 worth of food with these 4 items alone! This buffet has spoiled me for all others moving forward until one tops this one
2	A bit overpriced ($90 / $85 with the Total Rewards card); and not a good return on that money.  We were here on 09/28/14 Sunday with a 12pm reservation.First of all, if you still decide to go, make your reservations for the earlier times (9:30am to 12pm), as they do tend to run out of the better things after 12pm.  You can sign up for the free Total Reward card at the Bally's hotel, where the buffet is at; located at the same BLT Steak restaurant; which turns into the steakhouse in the evenings.The Pros:AYCE lobster, lamb chops, caviar, champagne, & king crab legs, and they give you a Popover at the beginning of the meal (but they ran out of them at around 1:30pm)The Cons:The lobster was a bit tough; and after around 1pm, instead of a whole lobster tail, they started putting out a half tail.  When we arrived at 12pm, we heard they had run out of oysters already.  The filet Mignon was just a small piece of meat in a small pan, not very tasty, actually kind of bland.  The nigiri sushi didn't look fresh; Genki sushi tasted better.  Lobster bisque (which you have to order from the waiter) was bland.  The service was also lacking; as our waiter catered to a certain table of 6, and pretty much ignored us.Overall; it's a quantity over quality.  We came for the AYCE lobster , filet Mignon, and crab, and the pictures here did look great.  But it was a disappointment.  For your money, find another buffet.  :(
3	Came here specifically because of the lobster. Unfortunately, they were dry and tasteless, which i should had anticipated knowing that they were Australian lobster tails rather than the much sweeter maine lobster. Had they been Maine lobster it would had been worth the almost $100 price tag as the rest of the buffet was at best 3 1/2 stars. Didn't see the caviar as they were either out of it or hiding it due to cost. Due to price and value it overall only gets 3 stars. However, if you like all you can drink champagne, which i loved in my younger years, it gets all 5 stars along with a 5 star hangover.Update: they just renovated the restaurant and even changed the name. Will retry updated version of the sterling buffet very soon and update review.
3	It has been 4 years since the last time I ate here. New place same casino and hoping it was better. The buffet is a lot smaller than before even with the items that are ordered from the kitchen. The filet, sea bass, lamb chops & lobster was lukewarm at best. The lobster didn't have any flavor & were tough (same as it was 4 years ago). The popovers probably would have been good had they at least been warm. The French toast was the hottest item from the stations & it was really good. I will give them 4 stars for the presentation but not the food or service. The wait was long to get plates cleared & he kept forgetting items from the kitchen or brought the wrong ones. The caviar is good & you definitely need to order a double amount since it comes from the kitchen (and in case you get a slow server like we did). I recommend the lobster Benedict from the kitchen. The king crab legs were very good albeit I had to use my napkin to hold onto them to crack them since the waiter kept forgetting to bring me the crackers. The rest was just ok. I have no plans on going back & if I do it will be a very long time. I was hoping for superb food & service due to the new place & $90 price (if u don't have a rewards number). Was extremely disappointed with both.
3	Not impressed. Been going to Sterling Brunch for years and used to awesome service and amazing food. Not the case, yesterday. Tried to make reservation, said they were booked, encouraged to just show up. Enough open tables that we were seated  quickly. Got fresh popovers which was nice treat. Lots of items now must be requested from "kitchen". Service very slow and clumsy. Huge lobster tails lacked sweet flavor, crab legs weren't bad, seabass came is serving dish. Too large of portion which encouraged sharing. Tuna Tar Tar was finally received after long wait from kitchen. Very tasty but again big portion. If I wanted to order from kitchen or share I would have went to restaurant. Instead I went to high price buffet to be disappointed. I suggest ordering items from kitchen off of tiniest print menu. Makes you think they hope you don't order... Get a few items, just to try. They're large enough for table to share. Champagne refills were slow and wait staff oblivious to removing plates. Desserts were small snippets of sweet French pastries. At least that's what menu said. Waitress knocked coffee cup over while asking me to sign bill. More concerned with bill then coffee spilling on pants. Definitely consider other options.
5	They first give you chamagne when as you are walking in..!Heavenly..!Yummy!That is what I can say about the lobster..!Also, the fillet mignon, raw oyster, crab claws..!Diane our server was very attentive never let our champagne run low..!And they give you single rose as you leave..!Very classy..!
2	I give it 2 stars because the lobster,  crabs and shrimp are huge and the prime rib was pretty good, other than that I do not think its worth paying a hundred dollars for. We came here as a treat/nice end to our staycation and this was probably the not so good part of the whole weekend.I am pregnant, thus did not take part in the overflowing champagne. I ordered orange juice which did not get refilled till I asked for it. Our server was busy pouring champagne around us that i had to drink my husbands water when i started chocking on my omelet.The charcuterie table was lackluster, the potatoes and chorizo hash was greasy as well as everything else. The dessert table was unimpressive as far as Vegas standards are concerned. I expected better sevice and better food.
2	Never again
5	Had an excruciatingly difficult time finding this place; just know there is no sign that says Sterling Brunch, but rather, it is inside a restaurant called BLT Steakhouse. I thought people were starting to mess with us when we asked where this place was and they kept saying in the back of the casino to the right.Seriously, this is the best buffet you'll find on the strip, and I've probably been to a good lot of them. Yes, it is steep in price (probably will spend about $105+ pp), but you won't find nearly the freshest oysters, stone crabs, and lobster tails anywhere else. I probably ate a whole lineage of lobsters on my visit- they were all so nice and juicy (I think my friend had one rubbery tail but we'll let that slide). There is a wide selection of other items available for brunch like caviar, sushi, prime rib, etc. LOVED IT ALL. You can also order eggs benedict with either steak, prosciutto, or lobster. The hollandaise sauce is amazing! All of this while you are treated to unlimited champagne. I stuffed myself so much that I didn't quite make it to dessert but again, the display was beautiful. I'm sure they tasted great.I'm ready to go back, this time with my sweat pants!
5	Nice upscale buffet restaurant and service. Professional, welcoming & friendly from the moment you arrive to the end of your dining experience. In my opinion the lobster is just ok since it is basically the rock lobster as was the lobster bisque. The caviar, prime rib, crab legs, crab claws, shrimp cocktail were all enjoyable. Desserts are limited in selection and was just ok.Oysters were awesome..they were the small kind which to me look like the Blue Point oysters. The lobster eggs benedict was made to order and came out perfectly, it was good.Would we be back? YesAdult $85 (TR member price)Kid $30
