5	Like the first reviewer I found this while walking by.  Although it wasn't a pleasant carefree stroll as I imagine there walk as, we were on a serious mission to find a good breakfast/brunch joint open in old town Montreal in mid February.  Word of caution: they're aren't many, and its damn cold in February!  It was pretty much between Crepe Cafe, Eggspecations  and some uppity country club style place around the corner from CC.  Though Eggspectations has a pretty awesome name, they also had an hour wait so after a long frigid walk Crepe Cafe it was!  Anyway there crepes were delicious, and they had a pretty stellar line up of coffees and espressos.  We hit the jackpot showing up on the weekend because that's when they serve their Crepes Benedict.  It's probably the best brunch entree i've ever had.  Maybe it's just me, I've become somewhat of an eggs Benedict fiend lately, I pretty much order it exclusively for brunch.  I had just discovered Crepes Benedict existed a day earlier at the Skinny Pancake in Burlington, VT (baller!) though it was after I had ordered so I had to watch as seemingly everyone around me enjoyed there's.  I didn't make that mistake again, and you shouldn't either, you owe it to your stomach to try the Crepes Benedict!Definitely would opt for the home fries over the salad for your side choice.  Prices were good and service was top notch.  It is fairly small, probably only 10 tables so keep that in mind if you have a large group.  I would go pretty far out of my way to return back to this place!
5	Me and my friends were walking around old montreal for the first time when we stumbled along this restaurant. It's a good looking small restaurant and charming. The food is amazing! I had the chicken mushroom sandwich and it was heavenly, also the food was appropriately price. I will definitely come again when visiting Montreal!
4	I had a really lovely lunch here today. My croque-madame (a ham and cheese sandwich with a fried egg on top, but it's really just so much more) was delicious, and the salad on the side was much heftier than what you'd expect to get in a similar US establishment. And the staff is mostly bilingual, which was very helpful. I'm thinking I might go back for a breakfast crepe tomorrow.
4	I love crepes and this is a good place to get your crepe fix. Their Crepe menu is pretty big and you will definitely find something to your liking. I came here on a Sunday and luckily I made it before the rush came in. Once the rush was in around 12p there was a wait averaging 10-15 minutes. This wait can be eternity especially after a good night out in the city. I would definitely come back and maybe next time try a sweet Crepe
5	I had breakfast here on my recent visit to Montreal. My wife and I had breakfast and sweet Crepes they were all really delicious. The place doesn't stand out on the outside but the decor is very very nice inside. Service was very friendly and prices were reasonable ( $ 30 or so for 3 crepes and coffee). I would definitely come here on my next visit to Montreal.
5	Adorable and delicious cafe worth the walk out of the way before or after a tour of Notre Dame. We had soups and crepes. The cream of vegetable was excellent. I had the Voila crepe with turkey    Swiss and bechemel sauce. The side salad was delicious and the service perfectly tempered.
4	Crepe cafe is a real winner.I didn't get the touristy feel here, even though it borders the old-city, always a plus in my book.The crepes here are delicious and quite the value really.  The place is stylishly decorated, nice presentation all around, and yet the menu is priced on par with the food stand at Jean-Talon Market.The coffee was very good and strong (not bitter), and free refills.The staff that day was super-nice, giving us zero attitude, and being very happy to explain and recommend items on the menu.  Again, I have to say super-nice.This place wins for great crepes, coffee, nice environment, and kick-ass people.
5	Yum! And friendly staff = great breakfast place in old Montreal
4	With tasty, simple crepes and sandwiches, Crepe Cafe is a solid choice for a casual lunch at reasonable prices.We split a croque-madame and a crepe incroyable, filled with pesto, mozzarella, olives, and pine nuts, both of which came with fries and a salad.  This was my first ever closed-faced croque-madame, and we filled it with smoked meat instead of the usual ham.  It was a solid choice, decent bread, good meat and cheese, and a perfectly cooked fried egg on top.  Similarly the crepe was good.Hip decor for a small restaurant, friendly waitstaff (though it took awhile to get someone's attention to get mayonnaise for our fries), okay prices, good food.  Solid choice.
4	My Fiancee and I made this our First and Final Stop in Montreal. Upon arriving we chose this spot for breakfast and then the day we left we came back for a repeat. First visit not bad, I got the croque-madam and it was ok, although not what I was expecting. The accompanying salad on the plate was substantial enough that I walked out full. My girl ordered the the savoyarde the first time - potatoes, bacon, creme fraiche inside a crepe. It was fantastic she also ordered frites with the salad and said they were sweet, crisp, thinly cut, and perfect.The second time I did the man dish "bonne journee" sausage, bacon, ham, egg in a crepe, and she the bon matin saumon fume...er smoked salmon with creme fraiche or something like that. They lost points this visit because they reversed the order and put my crepe on her plate and then decided to tell us we were wrong when we pointed it out. I'm sorry, but I'm pretty sure I know the difference between salmon and sausage. I mean I know they both start with the letter S, but that's as far as it goes. We would have both liked to try their dessert crepes however didn't bring along our larger stomachs, this will have to be a spot we visit on the next trip. Aside from the stumble on the second day, the only other con I can mention is that we wouldn't recommend their tea though, not a lot of choice, just the Earl Grey green tea.
4	Crepe Cafe was the first meal we had in Montreal.  Had a late lunch after wandering down Rue de Notre Dame close to our hotel.  Had read about this place when doing my research about  Montreal, and I'm glad we walked by it during our first "exploration" walk.  Both my bf and I had a savory crepe for our meal, which included both a salad and fries.  We both agreed that mine was better, which had chicken, ham, bechamel sauce and some vegetables.  His a pretty good too - I think it had spinach, bechamel, and some other ingredients I can't quite remember.   We shared a crepe suzette for dessert and it was quite delicious!  He had a beer and I had a glass of wine.  Pretty affordable for the meal.The service was very nice and unobtrusive.  As with other reviewers, I was practicing my French and our waiter was very patient and helpful.Overall, a great experience and we enjoyed it very much.  Wish we had more time during our trip so we could have returned for another meal.  I would have liked to try the croque-madame.  Would highly recommend this place!
2	Came here because of the positive reviews here on yelp.   We ordered two savory and one sweet crepe.  The crepes were fine, nothing spectacular.  We were there for dinner on a Thursday around 6:30 pm and there were only three other customers there.  There was no waiter per se, just an elderly woman who could have been the owner or somebody's grandmother.  She spoke no English, but our rudimentary French got us through.  It looked like someone left her in charge and took off for an extended break.  She had some difficulty in using the credit card reader and the customers who were paying their bill had to help her with the machine.  It helped that they were French-speaking.  When it came to paying our bill, it was a comedy of errors.  The "grandmother" once again didn't know how to use the reader and did not know what any of the prompts on the machine said.  I had to use my highschool French to figure out what the display was saying.  At one point I wanted to pay in cash since the machine was taking so long, but was afraid I'd get billed on the credit card anyway.  Oh, and since I had to press the buttons on the card display myself, I had to choose the 15% tip button before being allowed to proceed.  This part of the meal made the experience of dining here not so pleasant.So, back to the crepes.  They were good, not great.
4	We just stopped here to have a quick snack when wandering around Old Montreal.  I had the nutella, banana, and fresh strawberry crepe.  Yummy!After seeing all the great food coming to the other tables around us, I was sorry that I didn't order more!  Next time I'm in Montreal, I'll make it a point to stop back in.
5	I have to say, I really hated almost every single meal I had in Montreal, and this place was one of the best. It was an affordable find in the very expensive Vieux Port area.  Good service, the food was really great, and the coffee was warm and bold.If you are touring the area, please come here... unless you really want to spend three times as much around the corner for lunch/
3	From an american point of view, It was like a gooey quesadilla with ham and cheese in it.  The french fries are spectacular.  I think Montreal just owns fries in general.  I need to go back to try the dessert crepes.
2	- this place is rated really really high and am semi-surprised....- i love crepes, and it's typically tough to find a good place when you can't get yourself to france. the food was pretty good and well-priced, but the service was terrible. it wasn't really busy but it just seemed as if our server and the food runner/bus boy were on their first day on the job. (no water or menu until we asked for it, they messed up our order, etc)- food ordered** pourquoi pas (chicken, ham, swiss, mushroom sauce) - pretty darn tasty. i would totally recommend this one.** formidable (grilled beef, mushrooms, onions, swiss, red wine sauce) - this one came with the wrong sauce, and the server didnt notice. and neither did we. because of this, the crepe tasted very similar to the pourquoi pas.- don't think i'll be back.... sorry cafe.
5	Best crepes I have ever had, by far. I got the one that was full of chili - I think it was called the Oh La La. The portions are fairly big, and come with a salad made from fresh greens on the side. Service is great here too!
5	Delicious, nutritious, wonderful staff, wonderful room.  You will feel full, happy and satisfied.
3	Good but not amazing.
4	I've never had a bad crepe... so take this with a grain of salt.  Seriously, I even like those first couple of burned crepes that come out as you're cooking 'em before the really good ones come out.So, needless to say, when I was looking up places for a day trip to Montreal, this place floated to the top of the list. Walking in, we saw a bright sunny cozy dining area with huge windows that look out onto an intersection for lots of people-watching.  The service was outstanding.Funny thing was, by the time we got there, I wasn't in the mood for a crepe anymore.  My companion had one, though, and the taste I had was delicious (of course).  I had a salade nicoise, and it was fresh and huge and scrumptious. All this is a stone's throw from the shops and sights of old Montreal.   This place was a nice start to the day.If you're coming into Montreal for one day, this is a great place to start your excursion.
4	Absolutely DIVINE crepes.  We stuffed ourselves with three different kinds - Crepes Suzette, the Trois Fromages, and one with just strawberries and whipped cream.  Each crepe was the perfect spongy, chewy consistency, and cooked *just* right.  And while you can't really mess up a Crepes Suzette or just simple strawberries and whipped cream, the Trois Fromage definitely stole the show.  It had chevre, mozzarella, and swiss, with bacon and potatoes inside as well.  We would have kept ordering different crepes off the menu if we weren't so stuffed!The staff was very nice, and the location was great - just a short walk from the Metro and then to Old Montreal.  If you are in Old Montreal, forget the tourist traps they call restaurants there, and take the short walk to this place.  But yes, they have changed their name, so look for Muru on the door of this corner cafe.
4	Stopped by here when we first landed in Montreal. It is located at the very tail end of Old Montreal tucked away from the most touristy area. The service was great - the ladies that worked there were very attentive and nice. I liked that the crepes were served with a choice of salad, fries or both. Great fries! The butter, sugar, and maple syrup sweet crepe is amazing! They have changed their name since (Muru Crepe), but the shots of the exterior and interior are exactly the same.
4	Haven't had a crepe this good in a long, long time (full disclosure: i don't get a chance to eat crepes very often in Brooklyn).My girlfriend had the Cri D'Amour. I was doubtful of its quality when it came out only because it seemed to be covered with way too much fruit to be enjoyable but I was swiftly proven wrong. I tried a bite with a little bit of everything on it - banana, Nutella, strawberry, crepe, and found it to be perfectly weighted. No trouble finishing that one.For my part, I had the Dejeuner Muru Au Saumon. This is my go-to archetype crepe with which to judge any creperie by and they passed muster with room to spare. Not too much salmon or egg or mushroom-based house sauce. It came out just as hot as you would want it to be and as easy to cut through and stack on a fork as you'd like. The accompanying potatoes were awesome, very complementary.
5	Great crepes! We got the salmon + cheese + egg crepe with potatoes and fruits, and cri d'amour (nutella + banana + strawberry crepe). Presentations were excellent, love the runny eggs inside the crepe! Never seen crepes like this before. Potatoes were tasty (I think Montreal just have better potatoes...the taste was different than the ones in Calgary!) and strawberries were very fresh! The decor was also nice, feels very relaxing sitting inside enjoying our crepes!
5	So delicious we had to go back the next day to try more selections!  Adorable little restaurant ... worth the walk.
4	the place is casual but the food was surprisingly good. the service was slow-- especially on the wkend, but friendly (also, it was also crowded). We went for lunch one day & got  Crepes Salees w/ salads & fries (fries were REALLY crispy & good) and we went back mid-week for the sweet stuff: I got the blueberry, BF got the Cri D'Amour (bananas, nutella, strawberries) -- his was better, but both were yummy. super casual, but really yummy & reasonably priced.
5	This was a perfect place to stop by in the freezing cold--it's a little further out (but still close) from where the main tourist attractions were (museums, Notre Dame, etc) but I actually really like that a lot because of its calmer and quieter setting. The ambiance is warm and romantic. We had a breakfast/brunch crepe called the M11 and it was delicious. The ratio of meat, cheese, and crepe were perfect! We had a side of home fries but I would have liked to try the potato hash, looking back. The sweet crepe we got was the Cri D'Amour, really decadent and again, perfectly balanced. They also do their drinks well--we got a cappuccino and mokaccino. I read that service was unsatisfactory in someone else's post... for me, it was more than good. Our waitress was extremely helpful and attentive. The wait wasn't long and overall the experience was great. It was like time slowed down a little and we really got to relax, before running off into the cold and seeing the sights.
5	So we came to Montreal looking for the perfect Crepe. This place delivered. The savory crepes were excellent, and the dessert crepes were over the top. I would highly recommend finding this place.
5	Excellent breakfast with superb service.  Good value on the menu.  In the heart of Old Montreal.  Hidden gem!
4	I went to Muru Crepe after reading all the great reviews on yelp. Until this past weekend I had never been to Montreal before and wanted to try out a variety of french fare starting with Crepes! I went to Muru for lunch with my boyfriend. He ordered the baked apple with cinnamon crepe and I ordered the eggplant tomato and chicken crepe . They were both fantastic. The only negative was the service was slow, but I will let that slide b/c what they lack in fast service they make up for with awesome crepes. It was also a reasonable price for two crepes and a coffee. I wish there was one of these places in NYC
4	Wonderful. Big servings,  delicious crepes and friendly service ... especially in contrast to the ultra touristy places nearby.  Also kid friendly!
4	So goooooooooooooooooooooood !!!Tried Slamon crepe and Strawberry & banana & hazelnut spread (aka Nutella lol) crepe, forgot the name of it however, speechless. Server was very attentive and friendly. Asked for recommendation and of course, scored ! Great place in the middle of tourists-aimed shops.It opens during brunch time so if you want to try, you better be fast lolI gave it 4 stars bc I haven't tried all of their menus but I assume they will be as good as the ones I already had and the limited opening hours too. So cruel to open just 4-5 hours a day !! lolDefinately going back! I know, I leave in a different country and 7 hour-drive but it's worth it lol
4	Both myself and the boify put Muru Crepe on our itinerary for Montreal - great minds think alike!We came by on a Saturday around 1pmish and were turned away because all the tables were full. We noticed that 1 table in particular had a "reserved" sign on it, which Jimmy C. was bullcrap bc they supposedly do not take ressies! Anyhow, they took our name & number and told us to return in 20. As we left, we spotted some beautiful fauna and proceeded to snap some photos when the waitress came out and called us back! Apparently the "reserved" party couldn't make it - so we got their spot! Wahooooo.The waitstaff are all super polite and sweet; the restaurant is family owned. My boify even sweet-talked himself to a 25% discount on his $3 OJ haha...good job boify. We placed our orders for 3 savory crepes and 1 sweet crepe and waited patiently.Almost 30 mins later, our food arrived. The crepes looked amazing and the portions were big - but the winner here are their FRIES! They're amazingly crispy, the perfect shade of golden brown, and a little seasoned. We ordered an extra side of this! The crepes themselves were pretty good, and the dessert crepe, well, you can't go wrong with Nutella ;) The bill was decent for 4 people; I believe each crepe dish was about $11-13. Good value for the size of each dish. If only their service was a teeeeensy bit faster, it'd have gotten 5 stars.
5	Not a tourist spot that we found on Yelp. EXCELLENT, fresh and reasonable!
5	Food was yummy and decently priced. Great place to go for vacation.
3	Considering its proximity to Old Montreal (ie - Ripoffville, population: Tourists), this place is a pretty exceptional value.I ordered the nicoise salad and my husband had some kind of savoury crepe that seemed to have everything but the kitchen sink thrown in. Presentation for both plates was very nice, but I was a bit distracted by the fact that my egg yolks were grey. My husband liked his crepe, but found the pancake itself to be a little too sweet for the savoury ingredients inside; I took a bite and had to agree.Still, worth a stop if you're in the neighbourhood and are looking for an affordable lunch.
5	Croque-monseiurs, croque-madames and croque-BLTs: YUM. Filling. Delicious. The side salad and side fries are both excellent choices (and you can even go for half of each!).Hot chocolate: delicious. Served in a nice big bowl/mug with chocolate powder dusted on the foam.Coffee: I'm travelling throughout USA and Canada. The USA is known for sh!t coffee, and my travelling partner hasn't had a good coffee in quite a while so was hesitant. However, we thought surely our best bet at decent coffee was French Canada. Turns out... yep! This coffee was pretty good!Crepes: oh man. We split a Nutella + Bailey's Irish Creme + chocolate crepe (topped with so many mini marshmallows). I was pretty stuffed after my croque and chocolat chaud but simply could not stop eating this deeeelicious crepe.Waitstaff: The staff were all really friendly, happy to speak in French or English. We went there twice and weirdly enough it seemed like we got slightly larger servings when we ordered in French, haha. Price: Two croques + two hot drinks + one crepe + tip = around $40. For the taste, the atmosphere, the location, the speed of service, the overall experience, I was very happy with the amount we spent.Would I recommend? YES YES YES.
4	Great crepe/cafe spot.  Had the goat cheese and honey crepes.  Service was a little slow.
4	One word - cute! The restaurant design is modern and classy. It's nice and quiet (at least when we went in the morning, it was), and there are plenty of choices. I opted for the Fabuleux crepe and do not regret at all. The chicken found its place in the perfectly melted cheese inside a delicate, square-shaped crepe. The meat was juicy and it was just so tasty. I can imagine .. some baby spinach and oven-cooked chicken instead would've taken it to the next level. Mmmm.....I would definitely go back for a second run. The drinks look fancy and the prices on the menu are quite reasonable. If I were to nitpick this place, it would the speed of service. While I understand that there's only one person cooking so the dishes come out one by one.. it would be nice if our food was served quick enough so our group of 7 could eat all together.
4	Cute place with awesome crepes and drinks. Shared a breakfast and savory crepe with a friend, both very good and came with fries and salad. When I took a bite of a fry, my friend said that it sounds good since you could hear the crisp and crunch. And it was. The meal was good and I wish I had room for the sweet crepes because the menu looks amazing especially the items with alcohol.
4	Delicious sweet crepes!!! Service a tad on the slow side but well worth the worth. The employees try their best ! The savoury crepes are good as well but I really enjoyed the sweet crepe with bananas, strawberries, and nutella. We had the one with nutella only and that was delicious as well! My cappuccino had a heart - it was well done and really tasty!
5	Amazing - had been dying to try some crepes in Montreal and was not disappointed when we were lead here based on yelp reviews.So many flavors and the coffee was great too - not the normal crap North American coffee, but European style.We ordered the Nutella Crepe with Strawberries, Banana, Blueberries and Almonds and also the Nutella with Mashmellows, Almonds and I think Baileys.Yum Yum Yum!!I will be paying Maru Crepe a visit each time I'm in Montreal.
4	So I want to start that my man and I didn't have crepes so I'm a little biased. I had an omelette with potatoes. First, the cafe is super cute. Definitely a French vibe and it's location not right on the main drag in the Old Port area makes this a neighborhood gem and looking at others devour their crepes definitely a solid spot. The omelette was good. Nothing crazy, or anything you'd see on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives but just a small omelette with some fresh ingredients. As someone on a diet, I was stoked to have some roasted potatoes to accompany the omelette as advertised on the menu, but instead they were deep fried (womp womp). I sampled a few for the sake of this review (the things I do for Yelp) and they were of course awesome but again, these home fries were deep fried. I didn't eat the bread but it was thick cuts of fresh bread. Carbs, hmmmmmmmm.Overall a definite solid spot for a moderate priced lunch. I'd come again when I can eat some crepes and those fried potatoes!
5	There is an early Wes Anderson film, Bottle Rocket, that sets out to be a quirky comedy.  It does not deliver Raging Bull, The Godfather, or Citizen Kane.  But for what it sets out to do, it executes beautifully.  This the Bottle Rocket of Creperies.  It delivers surprising flavors and savory crepes.  For what it sets out to do, it executes beautifully.  Easy to enthusiastically recommend.
3	This place was pretty good. Worth 3.5 stars. Very touristy, but decent selection of crepes, both savory and sweet, as well as some other options. The French fries were quite tasty.
4	Quaint, little corner cafe with delicious crepes.  I had a sweet option (berries, nutella, bananas and almonds) and my partner had one of the savory variety (merveilleux - chicken, eggplant, cheese and tomato); both were fantastic.  Also, the savory came with fries, which were great, and the coffee was fresh and tasty.  It is a rather chill locale with friendly staff, a nice change from the other spots in Vieux Montreal which tend to be over-priced, noisy and not that great.  Two thumbs up for Muru!
4	We went here for Saturday brunch in Old Montreal. While easy to get to, it's a bit away from the sites so you don't feel surrounded by tourists. I had the smoked salmon crepe which was put together perfectly. The fried potatoes on the side were a little dry and could have used some seasoning, but otherwise complemented the crepe well. To be honest, my favorite thing about this place was the coffee. I had a wonderful cappuccino. I wish I knew what kind of espresso they used because it was leaps and bounds above what I get most places. Delish. Definitely would go back next time I'm in Montreal.
4	Chinese run crepes?Hmmm...Brisk service, balanced seasonings and light creperie...Worked well as a second breakfast before running out back on the town.The decor was minimalist and tasteful... great work in a very demur and non-ostentatious mode.
3	Nice little cafe that serves salads, brunch and crepes. We were having a light lunch so we shared a savoury crepe. I can't remember what it was called (they all have quirky names!) but it had chicken, tomato and veggies stuffed inside. Nice, tasty and healthy served with a side salad for $11.I saw people indulging in the sweet crepes and they looked delicious and sinful. Lots of marshmallows, fruit and chocolate sauce.Nice chalk menu board with daily specials listed. Friendly staff!
5	We loved this place. The first time we went here I got a sweet crepe and everyone else got a savory crepe. It was so good with nutella, strawberries, and blueberries that everyone was eating off my plate! The second time we went, my husband and I split the same sweet and then a breakfast crepe. Delicious. Coffee is good too. We didn't have one bad thing here. Service was ok, but we were visiting and spoke very little French. I would go back in a heartbeat!
3	I ordered the D'Accrod crepe, goat cheese, spinach, mushrooms, olives, almonds. It was every good, came with salad or fries, or half and half. What a great option/idea, the half and half. Although the fries are battered. Why batter a perfectly good potato I'll never figure out.My daughter ordered Cri D'Amour, coco hazelnut, banana, strawberries, it could have been great but the chocolate & strawberry syrup not needed. Strawberries were fresh why add fake strawberry syrup! Hazelnut was chocolatey why add fake chocolate syrup! I'll go back but make some adjustments.
4	The savory crepes were delicious. I had the Monsieur Muru, which has smoked salmon, capers, chives, and cream cheese. Yum!The staff all spoke English, and were quite friendly. I would eat here again. It was a great lunch stop after touring one of the local museums.
3	We went because Yelpers seemed to find this Chinese-owned crepe place favorable. The staff is very nice, and gave us no trouble for staying a few minutes after closing hours. But the crepes are hit-or-miss. I had the Madame Muru crepe (bocconcini, tomato, pesto, olive, fresh basil, almonds), $11.45 with fries and/or salad, and it could've been less dry with more pesto added. My friend had a breakfast savory crepe with smoked salmon, egg, cheese, and mushroom, and it was really tasty and creamy. Tip: if you're a fan of crepes that are soft and bready, you'd like it here; they don't do the crispy, super-thin crepes some other places do.
5	It's only the highest form of self-restraint that's allowing me not to just fill this review with expletives and exclamation marks. This place is fantastic. I got the terribly named "D'accord" which is a vegetarian savory crepe with almonds, goat cheese, olives, spinach and some other goodness. Wife go the Attention with beef, jalepenos, chile and some other stuff. Both were excellent. You can get fries or salad. We did both. Salad was good, fries were, as mentioned other places to die for. Service was sweet, place is cute inside. Took home a collection of their homemade butter cookies and just ate a couple and they too are frackin amazing. Short version: It's beyond good. Go. Get fries. Take some cookies home. You're welcome.
4	After walking the streets of Old Montreal in the cold spring (yes, can you believe that?) we stopped at this little place. The servers are very French about taking your orders and taking their time to serve you. However, the food is great. I ordered a savory crepe with mushrooms and tomato sauce and they can give you either all fries or half and half with a small salad and fries. the food was fresh and reasonably priced.If you have a sweet craving, the coffees looked amazing and are made with personally drawn designs using the chocolate and powders.
4	Stopped here for brunch and was very satisfied.  I opted for the breakfast crepe and wow, I was not disappointed.  This was my first experience with having a breakfast crepe, as in NYC I am more used to getting a crepe with nutella, strawberries, and bananas.  My breakfast crepe consisted of one sunny side up egg, mozzarella,  onions and peppers.  This combination with the sweet crepe was really good.  I would definitely have this combination again! The breakfast crepe was also served with roasted potatoes and fruit (which on my day was honey-dew).Highly recommended for any crepe lovers or those looking to try crepes for the first time!!!
1	After reading some reviews here, we decided to get crepes on a Sunday morning. We arrived around noon to a great looking location and presentation. Food looked amazing from what I saw. We were seated pretty quickly with waters.Unfortunately, my party of two was not attended to (at all) for 20 minutes. I won't speculate as to how or why, but we ended up leaving without placing an order. I hope this isn't a common occurrence, and that other reviews are more helpful.
4	Ate here over some of the crepe places on the main strip of old montreal and happy we did!We had the whole place to ourselves, though it isn't that big. The crepes are delicious and innovative and come with fries, a salad, or half fries/half salad as an added bonus! A friend had the soup, which was also delicious. Waitstaff was friendly, but quiet. Just a walk down from Notre Dame!
5	Delicious, filling crepes.  A bit off the tourist path in Old Montreal which made for a better dining experience than some of the other places nearby.  Sangria was mainly juice with just a touch of wine and only sold in carafes instead of by the glass - my wife and I left half the carafe untouched. Food was excellent and I would return, but have drinks elsewhere.
3	The crepes are pretty good, but just not as excellent as I have come to expect from a creperie. The atmosphere and service are great, but for a $12 crepe, the flavor left something to be desired. As mentioned in other reviews, the fries are excellent, but we were looking for excellent crepes!
5	Amazing crepes. Had the mushroom steak savory. Great sauce. The sweet lune de miel was delicious. Very crowded at diarist but restaurant thinned out. Late brunch time on a Sunday. Slow service at first, but food came out fast. Really good fries.
5	yelp to the rescue again!  I was looking for a not overly priced place to get a warm lunch while visiting montreal, and stumbled on this gem.  delicious hearty crepes and good service at a very reasonable price.  great place to take in a rainy day.
4	Stopped by after walking around the Old Town for a snack break. The place is nice and clean. Ordered a strawberry banana crepe. I don't like it when the crepe is too sweet, but this place did it right. Not too sweet, but the right amount of sweetness. One crepe and an espresso with a scoop of ice cream makes its a great start for your day.
4	This is by far the best crepes I have ever had. We also liked its ambience, decor, and quaint location near old Montreal. The presentation of the crepes was also very well done.
5	I was told by my cousin that one thing I had to eat in Montreal was a crepe, so I looked up Muru Crepe on yelp. I'm so glad I did! My husband and I walked up here when we were exploring Old Montreal. I ordered the Savoyarde crepe and my husband ordered the Attention crepe. He loved the spicy flavors and the chili in his crepe. I thought mine was better, personally. It was savory, creamy, and perfect. Both crepes were stuffed to the brim, which I loved. They didn't skimp on the filings! We both got a green salad and fries. The salad was very good, but the fries were absolutely amazing! I don't know exactly what spices they used on them, but the fries were perfectly salted and had just the right amount of other seasonings. I had to have the waitress take my plate away because I couldn't stop eating them! Love this place and can't wait to go back!
4	This place is really cozy and the smell of chocolate hits you as soon as you go in. I went twice for pancakes, lune de miel for the first time and Cri something the second with a latte, their latte is very good and the presentation is perfect. Only problem is the service is a little slow, waitresses take while before taking your order/getting the food. Also, their french fries is soo crispy and yummy! I would def go back again and again!!
3	Something about Montreal makes me want a crepe (it's the French). Having great reviews on Yelp, and being located around Old Montreal, this was our perfect spot. We came in early afternoon, the place was empty. We were promptly seated and given water. I ordered the banana chocolate crepe (the name of the crepe on the menu completely slipped my mind). It was yummy! I was expecting the bananas, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce to be in the crepe, but it sat on top, drizzled with chocolate sauce with vanilla ice cream scoop and a side of whipped cream. It wasn't overly sweet, but alright. Prices are pretty high as each crepe ran about $9-12 each.
