4	How is it that I am the first to review this place? It is a classic, and it is always busy! Go figure? Julio's Too is the take-out version of it's big brother Julio G's, the menus are the same but the prices are sure not! Julio's Too is very reasonably priced, and offers the same quality of food as the main restaurant. The lunch specials are amazing, with most being around just $6.00!! They too have my beloved Jalapeno Cream Cheese, and I usually end up ordering a half-pint to take home with me. I love the flautas, green chile burritos, shredded beef tacos and the mini chimis. Their salsa is very addicting, I just wish that they gave you more with your take-out order. The only flaw I find with Julio's Too is the beans. I am a bean connoisseur, and their beans just do not quite stack up to the others out there. They are just lacking that special something. When I have a craving for Mexican food, I usually lean towards Julio's because it is close to home, fast and cheap, but sometimes when I am really in the mood for some good beans, I have to go somewhere else with better beans! But even with the questionable beans, I am still there quite frequently.
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy!  I had crispy, greasy, packed with meat tacos just like I like `em.  The beans and rice were great and the chips are the thinnest, most crispy delights I've had in a long time!The staff was super nice too.This place is super casual and good.
5	I've been to the majority of the big name taco shops in the valley  and man this place kills them all. Everything is very fresh, taco shells are magnificent, chips and salsa were perfect, and it's a very friendly place. They have a frozen take home selection which I think I'll take advantage of next time, because those frozen tamales were massive and looked delicious. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick lunch or just craving for a quick Mexican fix, it's amazing!
4	My wife and I were staying at the W Hotel next door and this little place was by far the cheapest place to eat and the best all in one!  The first thing was the excellent beer selection right when you walk in!   We stayed in Scottsdale for 3 days and ate there 3 days!  We just flew in from Texas to see a KISS concert, so we know Mexican food. We weren't expecting much, so the first day we just got a beer and a coke and they gave us free chips and salsa! We were amazed by the huge menu so the next day we got dinners and the food was pretty spectacular for under $20!  I had the pork chili and my wife had spinach enchiladas.  On our third day I had the chili relleno lunch and my wife had the taco salad.  We shared a margarita and still got 2 drinks for under $20!  Awesome. And then there's the service.  The guys at the counter noticed I was wearing a bacon shirt and we discussed bacon for a minute.  The second day we showed up, I was in a different bacon shirt and we talked bacon some more!   On the third day they were still amazed I had yet another bacon shirt (I have a LOT of bacon shirts).  They were great to have lunch and dinner with! I really liked the salsa too.  In Texas your salsa is always tomato, jalapeno, onion, and cilantro, but here they got the heat up with some other chiles and seasoning that made it special and good, though what they call hot was still pretty mild for us. Love,AaronThe Bacon Nation  www.baconnation.net
4	I'm from Texas, so I'm used to Tex-Mex, and this was a little different, mostly in a good way.I had a combo to try some different things.1) Beef taco - fantastic, the taco shell was fresh and the beef was delicious2) Red beef tamale - the biggest tamale I have ever seen.  Maybe too big, as the beef flavor was lost3) Bean burrito - fairly plain, beans and some cheese in a tortilla, no sauce or anything.The rice and beans were good, and the side of guac I got tasted just like I make at home, so I was happy with it.  The margarita was also decent, nothing fancy but tasty and with a salted cup - not frozen junk out of a machine, but freshly made.Unfortunately the salsa didn't impress me, but I think that is because I'm used to a thicker salsa.  It was runny with some chili seeds that gave a little kick, but not a lot of flavor.I'd go back though, I think I'd try a chimi or more tacos next time.
1	This place fails. Just totally fails. I was forced to eat here one night even though all I wanted was a delicious burrito from one of the -erto's, Betos, or Fiesta Burrito. But no, I was coerced into coming here because they're "open late" and my friend swore up down and backwards that it was "amazing". I really should have known better because her favorite Mexican place is Arriba-really?! I feel bad for her, because there's so much great Mexican food in this town! OK, so they decided to extend their hours, but you know what? THEY CUT THEIR MENU TO FIVE ITEMS AFTER 1 AM! Not cool. Pro: The golf cart that drove us here from Dos Gringos...apparently it's a club shuttle, but has "Julio's Too" written all over it, and the guy driving it said he's work for them for 10 years and that the owner of the golf shuttle also owns Julio's Too. This driver claimed everything here was "delicious" but couldn't be specific about any item. Hmmmm, I wonder if that's because...Con: THE FOOD SUCKED. It was just plain bad. I mean, I eat from some grimy burrito places, and their food is AMAZING compared to the stuff they're passing off as food here. Maybe it's because we went late, but either way I decided to play it safe and order a bean and cheese burrito that I could barely eat five bites of before completely giving up on it. Others in my party ordered the carne asada burrito (oh, I should mention that I was the only sober one here-everyone in my party was absolutely sloshed), and most of them ate all of it, but later told me how bad it was and what a bad idea it was to eat it. They said they would have much rather gone to a good place (which I agreed with!), and collectively we all agreed never to come here again. Next time you see the Julio's Too shuttle driver pass by, ask him for a ride to the nearest GOOD Mexican place! Or even the philly cheesesteak place near the bars which is decent. Just stay away from this place.
5	This place is amazing! First and foremost the staff is awesome, and the place is clean. I eat there about every 2 weeks and the food is always good! Born & raised right here in Az with a wide variety of Mexican restaurants, I always come back to Julio's. This year for my family Christmas party we ordered platters from Julio's, everything was perfect, they even made sure I had enough chips & salsa. This place is a must try!!
3	Pros: Good food           Big place           Good costumer serviceCons:            Awful margarita
4	Julio's Too is a great place to get your tex-mex fix quickly & satisfactorily. The menu is really big and there are a lot of vegetarian options. I give them a high rating because the veggie taco salad has to be one of the best I've ever had, and I've eaten a ton of taco salads. They put real romaine lettuce in it, a ton of freshly sauteed veggies, a light sprinkling of cheese, good black beans, and a nice healthy dollop of fresh & good guacamole. I also had a green corn tamale which was alright, but the sauce (which you have to pay extra for but is totally worth it) is amazing - it's flavorful, thick, comforting. The tamale itself seemed a little dry, mushy, and bland to me. I didn't really like the free chips (too thin) & their free salsa (boring flavor) didn't impress me much.
4	Julio's is great.  Maybe it's just the nostalgia from my college days at ASU, where I would eat at the Julio's near campus (now closed) on a weekly basis.  But I still go out of my way to come to the Scottsdale Julio's to eat, because I really like the food.Their portions are huge.  I love their tacos, tamales, tostados, and enchiladas.  And their salsa is amazing,  So fresh and tasty! I hope this place stays open, because it's one of the few places where you can get good Mexican take out.  If only I lived closer.
4	Thanks, Yelpers, for reaquainting me with this establishment.!This is really good TexMex, very inexpensive, and you get tons of food for very little money. I had the 2 item combo with a shredded beef taco (big, wonderful and filling) but didn't stop there, and ate the beef burrito too (oink, I am) ...and I managed to consume enough rice and beans and chips to blow myself into the next county (ok, I'll stop there)...Good food, great prices, and it's casual and quick. Loved it!
2	I used to have this anorexic friend.  She would join us girls for dinner sometimes.  She would never order anything of course, and when the food would come she would squirm in her seat, roll her eyes and say, "Are you seriously going to eat that?". When I took the lid off my Julio's Too take out, I had a flash back of my anorexic friend and I thought, "I'm not sure this time.". I'm from Texas.  I know TexMex and I love it.  No offense, to the other Yelpers who have used the term, but this is not TexMex.  This is more like a Mexi-Mess!  I ordered the chili relleno and green chili corn tamale which was presented in a foil tin mixed with refried beans and rice.  I'll give them credit for the beans and rice.  That was good, but the rest...hmmmm.  The chili relleno was drowned in a glob of greasy cheese.  I'm not trying to say, that the chili relleno is the healthy choice.  It's breaded and sometimes fried.  It is never soggy or submerged in goo...unless you order from Julio's Too.  As for the green chili tamale.  In Texas, tamales are much smaller.  The corn (or maize as they say) is much more understated allowing the filling to really stand out.  This tamale was like a men's size 12 corn shoe with a little bit if cheese and green chili inside.  It was also, encased in a tomb of cheese that I had to dig through before I finally found the tamale.I won't go in to the salsa.  The other Yelpers got it right.  Now, I do like the location, the vibe and the service.  I would ride my bike over there for chips and guacamole with friends.  They have a convenience store selection of beverages and a nice patio, which merit an extra star.I'm not trying to be a jerk with this review, but this is just what I think.
4	This is one of those places where you go by default.It's late. Or it's lunch. Nothing is nearby. Very few things are open. Julio's is right there. It's cheap. Why the hell not?This place is pretty damn solid. It's unhealthy. It's delicious. It's the perfect "after party" food. Catch my drift?Service can be a little slow, but whatevs.
4	Good, close to work, and cheap!I'd recommend if you're in the area for a quick lunch. It's tight quarters inside the restaurant so I find takeout to be the best (work is close so it's easy to eat in the office).Overall, I'd definitely recommend. I've only ordered lunch which is very reasonably priced and very, very filling!
3	Eh, not bad, not great! Not a fan of Mexican food anyway unless it is authentic and I am at Gallo Blanco, Frank and Lupe's, or Barrio Cafe. However, that said, this place is not so bad. Cheap and lots of food. When in Scottsdale and you are desperate for a late dinner after visiting the bar scene check it out. I liked their sit down restaurant once upon a time but they closed their doors. This is what's left. It reminds me of a school lunch cafeteria in a way. lol! Hey I ate here last night with my guy and you know what? I actually really liked the Chili Rellenos and their sauces. I am very picky about salsas and sauces from all the Mexican restaurants I worked at over the years. Their hot sauce is really good.
1	My girlfriend and I ate there last weekend around 8:45pm and around 9:15 or so, we walked next door to the W hotel to look at the car club lamborghinis that they had parked in front, we were gone for about 30 minutes or so and returned around 9:45 and my truck had been towed, I had to pay over $20 for a taxi to get home and then drive all the way across town to pick up my truck the next morning and had to pay another $75 to retrieve it! I was extra angry, however after speaking to the manager, Carlos, and having him investigate whether or not I actually ate there he was still reluctant to refund me the $75 dollars for the tow. Luckily, I recorded the entire conversation I had with the Julios workers on my cell phone and after explaining that if he would not refund me, I would be posting the discriminatory videos to YouTube right away, he finally gave me my $75 back. Needless to say, if you go here make sure not to park in their parking lot and also this place sucks even though they refunded me as it took over a week of dispute and too much effort for them to right their wrong!
4	Short and sweet....-Close to work-Lunch Specials-Pollo Magnifico-Mini Chimis w. jalapeno cream cheeseThe end!  :D
1	Aw shit y'all done fucked up and let me in this bitch.   I hope there is some sort of Retweet-type function on Yelp and that every person that reads this RY's (Re-Yelps, hahha I fucking slay me) the fuck out of this review. I've never even patronized this place, so I'm sure true Yelpers are gonna find all sorts of wrong here, but I. don't. give. a. fuck.  First, I have eaten at Julio's Too, but the one in Tempe on that street by the stadium, BEFORE IT WENT OUT OF BUSINESS.  While I was waiting for whatever the fuck shitty thing I ordered, I ate some of their shitty chips and salsa, and I'm not gonna spray a bunch of unnecessary expletives about it like all the sentences you've already read; it was simply terrible salsa.  I don't remember if my shitty entree was shitty or not, but I'm pretty sure it was shitty.  I never went back, and it was like two blocks from my dorm. So tonight, I pull into the Old Town area around 9 or so(I know, what the fuck was I doing in Old Town?!), and drive around a bit seeing if I can snag a street parking spot like I'm usually able to.  I'm no Chris Angel, David Blaine, David Copperfield, (just listed all magicians past and present that I am aware of), but most of the time I pull up right when some drunk ass is pulling out of their spot and I snag it, whilst talking shit to the person right behind me who no doubt then had to park in bumblefuck and then ride one of those pedi-cabs that always have strange motherufuggin drivers that like to talk about their collection of over 50 "My Buddy" and "Kid Sister" dolls each clothed in a time period of French History.  (the Kid Sister that lived in Versailles was kinda smokin).But I digress.  I parked at Julio's Too at 9:00 p.m. on a Friday night in Old Town Scottsdale.  Yes, there was a sign posted in front of the spot that said: "Restricted ParkingJulio's TooVehicle Towed at Violator's Expense"SUCK MY MOTHERFUCKING DICK.  You seriously are that full of yourself that you think your giant parking lot should be strictly reserved for patrons of your shit ass burrito joint, when you know good and well that 999 of 1000 cars that drive by your shit ass burrito joint on Friday night are full of people that are going to one of 15 places around your shit ass burrito joint that are not your shit ass burrito joint??So you are.  And you towed my truck from your lot.  When I got back there, I understood because your lot was slammed and people were pouring into your shit ass burrito joint.  Wait, no, that doesn't seem right actually.  Now that I think of it, THERE WERE NO MOTHERFUCKING CARS IN THE ENTIRE FUCKING PARKING LOT.  Yet, you still thought it best to call the tow company, which you are clearly having sex with, to come tow my car out of the one occupied space in your entire lot.So now, instead of enjoying my weekend being broke and staying home reading books on the first weekend of NFL football like a loser, I am going to embarrass myself by borrowing money to get my vehicle out of the impound LIKE A TOTAL FUCKING LOSER.  Suck a dick Julio's Too.  And if you should arrive to find a brick thrown though your window with a note taped to it that reads: "FUCK YOU, YOU TOWED MY 2004 FORD F150 PICKUP THAT IS BLACK WITH TAN TRIM, AND HAS A SCRATCH ON THE FRONT RIGHT BUMPER FROM WHEN I "ACCIDENTALLY" HIT A BICYCLIST.", I can 99.999999% guarantee you that that note-brick was not tossed by my completely-content-after-writing-this-review hands.
3	I stepped out of my comfort zone of carby, cheesey grease and tried the fish taco (orange roughy) combo.  It was good.  The fish was not breaded and was cooked perfectly.  I could have done without the rice and beans to save calories, but those were good too.  They give a mayonaisey salsa mixture to put in your tacos.  It was pretty good, but I think fresh lemons or limes to squeeze over the tacos would have been better.  If you are not a carb queen, this was a good choice and relatively healthy.
5	The food is GREAT, in my experience.I'm sure, you'll agree, that FOUL MOUTHED ..... reviewer Collin S........IS A WANNABE RAPER.Checkout the Language in this review, and all of his reviews.Glad your wheels were towed.
4	This is our go to lunch spot when I visit my sister.  It is one of the best fast mexican food places around.  They have great salsa, queso, and chips.  Try:- Queso- Spinach Enchiladas- TacosThe inside is kinda small but they have a good sized patio to sit outside.
1	While I don't quite agree with everything Colin S has to say he essentially sums up Julio's Too. It's horrible. I ordered the veggie burrito, now you don't have to. It is disgusting. Don't bother with the salsa, It comes from a jar. You would have to be really wasted to actually eat here and think it is anything but hideous. Colin S is also correct on the parking. The lot was full but there was no one in the restaurant. One of the worst Mexican restaurants I have had the misfortune of dining at.
4	I've been looking for a casual, but quality Mexican food restaurant to order takeout from that is as good as the Carambas I used to live by. And I think I found it!The other night, we ordered dinner to go from here and I was pleasantly surprised.The Mini Chimis with Jalapeno cream cheese were just what I was hoping for.Can't wait to try more things here!
5	I love Julios too!!!!!! The best mexican food around. Free chips and salsa and the Chicken Mini Chimis are to die for. Definitely a must if you haven't tried it.P.s. writing a bad review about the restaurant for being a dumbass and parking in the parking lot to go out clubbing, resulting in getting towed, isn't the restaurants fault. Follow the parking rules!!
4	Went here for my lunch break and my experience was actually pretty good. I had a carne asada burrito and it was great...they didn't skimp on the meat like some chains do! The chips and salsa wasn't the best, but edible. Service was good...fast and friendly. It was packed and got even busier as we ate our food. One thing I did like...although not a big Pepsi fan, they had bottled Pepsi from Mexico, which is always tasty with Mexican food. Prices were about average. I'll be back for another burrito. I'd go here over their competitor down the street.
2	I went into Julio's yesterday for lunch.  Didn't start with a good impression at all.  When I ordered my margarita I was asked for my ID.  Understandable.  I've worked in the restaurant industry for 10+ years, I get it.  But I didn't even get a smile, or even eye contact.  I then stood there for about 5 minutes while the employees passed around my out-of-state license (I just moved here a few months ago, and I'm 24, btw).  I found this pretty unprofessional.  The older blonde was cashing me out and piled on the attitude.  If she had rolled her eyes one more time, I'm pretty sure they'd roll right out of her head.  The younger gentleman who brought out my burrito put the food down and walked away... that's it.  My point is... if you like food, you miiiiiight like this place, it was mediocre.  If you like good service, don't waste your time.  If I was the owner of this restaurant, I would be embarrassed to employ these people.  They were rude, condescending, and pretenscious.  I had the spinach and chicken burrito.  It was meh.  The margarita was great, but came in a plastic cup... pretty anticlimactic and non-environamentally friendly.  BOOOOOOO!
4	I used to work near here and we got take out a lot. My favorites: spinach enchiladas, green corn tamale, chicken mini chimis ( they come with a green chile cream cheese dip, OMG). I loved their tex mex spin, not authentic Mexican, mind you, but tasty. I can't speak to the service, I rarely went in to pick up, even... I'm one of those crafty people who can get others to do that, lol. I liked it though.
5	I have been looking for a good mexican takeout place, and this one is great!Had the chips and salsa and a chicken flauta, both were fantastic! :)
1	I have been here many times but last few trips I ordered a burro..it was filled with mostly rice and beans and very little meat. Very disappointed and will not go back.
4	Best Mexican take out...its fast and delish. There prices are a little all over the place, but overall it's a good value, when you get the lunch specials or the 2 or 3 item combos. The fajita quesadilla with either chicken or Carne asada is to die for and comes with sour cream, pico de gallo and guacamole which is definitely my go to meal there! My husband loves the 3 item combo (which is always enough food to feed too grown men) with the green corn tamale and (he gets two) chili rellenos. Yum! You get chips and salsa with every order, even to go and they are generous with their salsa! Other then the fact that I am not crazy about eating inside and sometimes if you order no beans you get them anyway...Your food is at least stove hot and made to order. I have nothing bad to say about this place! only that I think we eat there or take home food from there way to often...
1	Just crappy Mexican food the best part was the Mexican flag in my food. But this a disgrace to Mexico in every way possible. Every single menu item taste the same.  The salsa is watery and nasty. Don't waste your time.
5	Delicious and a great value!Every time I crave Mexican food, I go here!  I typically share the 3 Item Combo for $9.95 and it's always perfect!  Whether we order the green corn tamale, chicken taco, bean tostada, enchilada, it's all great!  Chips and Salsa are tasty too!  Enjoy!
2	I was mildly okay with Julios because it was cheap and it never made extravagant claims to being very good.  It's greasy, overly-cheesed "Mexican" food that's bad for you.  Sometimes that's what you want... the large, lousy portions for not much money with shredded bits of iceberg lettuce.  Make no mistake, it's not good, but sometimes we all have our guilty pleasures and sub-adequate Mexican food happens to be one of mine sometimes--usually when I'm hungover or something.Last time I went there, I popped open a little salsa container for the chips and, Jesus Christ, it was a solidified gelatinous cube.  It wasn't frozen, either.  It was gelatin.  It was this... ugh.  It was denser than Jell-O, too, you could slice it with a plastic knife and it would continue standing on its own.And that's when I realized that what I was eating wasn't just bad food that's fun to treat yourself too every couple of months or a few times a year, I was eating a pile of failure.  The novelty was gone.  It's all fun and games until you see that salsa.  It's like having fun drinking in a dirty dive bar, then you fall down on a pile of broken glass.  The fun's over... clean up the glass, guys.  Start making fucking salsa in a food processor and take some goddamn pride in what you do.
5	I love the mini chimis here!  They are the best!  The food on its own gets five stars.  They could be a little more generous with their salsa, but other than that, this place is wonderful.  :)
5	One of the only restaurants that I actually CRAVE.  I am a forever fan.  The food is great, the service is great, the place is clean and the prices are low for the portion.  If you are looking for some great Mexican and you're in the area, this is the place to go!
3	The big Julio's is closed and transformed into a breakfast place but I am so happy that Julio's Too has survived. Good, cheap, Mexican food. Two people could easily split a combo for a super-cheap lunch. Their take out is fast or there is a small seating area inside the restaurant. Or, to pick up dinner on the way home you can call ahead and have it waiting for you. I love that they serve beer bottles to go!
5	I ask what there isn't to like about this particular Julio's Too? For my entire adolescence I searched and searched for a tex-mex style restaurant in my hometown area... but alas found nothing. It wasn't until aught nine that I discovered this magnificent shrine to tasteful eats. Family owned and operated, Julio's provides a warm and friendly environment for the casual diner. The menu is simple yet diverse with plate combinations and creations that are not so easy to find in the sonoran style valley. Looking for  recommendation? Try the Green Chile Relleno plate with a side of love from full timer Steve Rosa. Want  a burrito, well they come in size BIG at Julio's and full of all kinds of fresh ingredients. Need I mention how delicious the FREE chips and salsa are with every meal purchased? And with a handful of good friends the restaurant can quickly turn into a wonderfully amusing adventure into the land great food. All in all, I highly recommend stopping by and not just getting a meal, but maybe making a friend or two at the four stool bar section... I know I have!xo,Josie
5	It's alway good at Julio's Too! I've tried many of their dishes and all have been fantastic! Their fresh salsa is one of my favorites!We often order Julio's party platters at work, and they never disappoint! They are reasonably priced and you get tons of food! They're quesadillas are to die for!I definitely recommend them, and the party trays are perfect if you're looking for lunch for the office!!
4	I was bummed when they closed the original Julio's on Indian School. Anyway, I finally went in here recently to discover it's not just take out - they actually have tables and lower prices - awesome Mexican food!
2	Lately they have really been falling apart.My office is around the corner, so I used to order from Julio's once a week.The food was always tasty and fresh. But now there is a new manager, he is rude, never smiles, never looks you in the eye and the food has really gone down hill.My last lunch actually gave me the runs.Too bad, now I have to find another place for my Mexican lunches.
3	The food is decent for the price, and we eat here fairly often.  The chips are good, as is the salsa.  My family eats everything from burritos, tacos, to mini chimichangas, and all are flavorful.  My only real complaint is that the service isn't great.  The people who work the counter are monotone and border on rude half the time.  They are also stingy with chips when you order to go.  They give you a decent amount when you eat in, but with a to go order, they balk at giving you enough for the order.   Other than that - no real complaints and will continue to frequent for the food.
5	Mexican Restaurant. This is a hidden gem.  They have the best take out for Mexican Food.  A must try.
5	I work pretty close to this place and we order take out quite a bit. The food is always great and they always get our order right, which seems to be quite rare nowadays at a lot of other places. The lunch menu has good food for good prices and makes it very convenient to place to-go orders for my work (2-5 orders). Highly recommended if you are looking for great mexican food.
1	When I entered this place I was confused if they were open or not. I had to walk around to find a server. I only stayed because I was meeting friends for brunch. The server was nice but messed up everyone's order. I won't even get started on the disappointment in the food.
4	Yum Yum. I like Julios too. It doesn't look like it from the outside, but they have tables inside and they also have a patio so you have a lot of options of dining in or getting takeout. If you come for lunch the lunch specials are cheap but you are going to be lethargic when you go back to work. They also have drinks in here which seems kind of random. I've only gotten a margarita here once but it seemed pretty strong for the $3 or whatever it was. Also, you get free chips and salsa which is always a plus in my book. The carne asada tacos are my fave, but I like the taco salad and the green corn tamale is delish as well.
5	Tried the chicken tacos.  i have also ordered a combo of a cheese enchilada, relleno, and a beef taco.  All were delicious.  Best Mexican I have had in Old Town.
2	Only tried on beef taco, but not too great. The shredded beef didn't seem shredded, it seems more mushy and chopped. The taco shell was crispy, but outlandishly greasy at the bottom, which is typical, but this was too much grease. The taco was big and worth the $2.55, but the chicken option sadly is dark meat. The free chips and salsa (mild) were probably the best part of the this snack. Salsa was in small cups, but fresh and chips were hot and tasty. Big negative is not having horchata, even the counter girl questioned the manager on this big oversight. Decent lunch special - will give the place one more try for the tamale in the near future.
2	The only reason I went is because my Dad wanted a taco.  The last few times I have eaten here it has been nothing but a greasy mess.  I miss the days when Julio G's was down the street.  The quality control and level of care to the food has gone WAY down hill in the last few years, and it is really sad to see.  With it being right next to the W, you'd think they would strive to be the best place ever.  If I was staying there, I'd walk to downtown and find something else.
3	What makes this just ok is the salsa... Can't say it enough it SUCKS!!! The premixed Margs are good a couple of the large ones and you're feelin it. Plenty of beer options if you prefer. Portions are large and tasty.
5	mmmmmm, I love Julio's Too. Sometimes just the a la carte dishes are plenty for lunch, but the lunch and dinner specials are a great price and oh, so good.
4	I always get the Pollo Magnifico and it never disappoints. The staff is very friendly and makes you feel welcome. The only issue is the parking. I drove around for 10 minutes today looking for a spot, but the food is definitely worth it.
4	Really friendly service. Quick and excellent food. Light, fluffy tamales- not heavy gutbombs. Green chili pork burrito was very good as well. Definitely will return!
4	Always have enjoyed my meals and service here. Nothing to rant or rave about but everything is pretty on point at this Mexican restaurant. Pros- Decent food- Quick service- Good portions- Free chips and salsaCons- Not the greatest customer service- Crowded inside seating
4	Everything else in Scottsdale is kinda douchey...this place is great! Good food, good beer, affordable, and most importantly...character.
1	Gross. The spanish rice is gross - bland with what appears to be canned mixed vegetables in it. The ground beef in their beef taco salad is like finally ground cat meat = low quality. Just low quality food that most white people, who are none the wiser as to what comprises good Mexican/Tex Mex food,  will eat. Today I found bug legs in my salad lettuce...later after I had left the restaurant and was munching on leftovers. Prices are reasonable and food is served quickly. The tall dark stocky dude that is always in there when I come in on weekdays during is not personable and kind of a an ass.
4	Best green corn tamales around. Great for takeout - small indoor and patio seating for dining in. Super casual ambiance, fantastic lunch specials, extremely good food and beyond reasonable prices. Fresh hot chips are always included with your order and beer/margaritas are available here as well.I understand they do a large amount of catering and have always wowed customers with exceptional service.This location had been in the heart of Old Town for as long as I can recall and I've never been disappointed. A must for anyone in the area.
3	Went here because of the "shop small" AmEx event. I love texmex food so I have been curious, but I don't think I will be back. Texmex is greasy, but when you eat part of your food and the one inch void in the container is filled with a clear liquid (oil) you lose your appetite.  Besides the food seemed like one step above Mexican day at school.The snowbirds seem to love this place, but there are other options that involve less of a wait and less lubricant.
5	This is the gold standard in Mexican food and margaritas for me.  I respect  their ability to mix professionalism with familiarity in a casual atmosphere. I love their green corn tamales, spinach or cheese enchiladas, beef tacos...I get stuck on my favorites, but when I bring newcomers I always say, "Everything is good, you won't be disappointed."
5	Came here as some friends wanted to bring me here as I've never been before. The staff was very nice and were always there if you needed them. They have a wide variety of food to chose from which is great! The chips and salsa are good as well as their guacamole is outta this world. The quality and quantity of food was excellent! I'll be visiting here more!
5	This is my favorite Mexican food restaurant.  The cheese enchiladas are better than anywhere in the valley. Chinos, tacos and many good choices!
4	Classic texmex great for kids and the whole fam. Cervezas and margaritas served cold. Mini chimis are among my favorite items to get before work. Good to share or pig out on if your really hungry. Overall great place to go!
5	I've driven past before. Finally tried it a couple weeks ago. Not your typical scottsdale joint. Good prices. The staff are so sweet. The food is amazing. I've gotten the tamales, chicken tacos, burrito, beans and rice. All were delicious! They are speedy when ordering to dine in or to go. Definitely will be returning.
5	I eat here just about every weekend before work. Everything i get is great, especially the beef mini chimis. And The people that work there are always super friendly!
5	I eat here every weekend, I work right across  the street and go in about 15 or 20 minutes before they close. They are always nice to me and thank me for coming in. Much appreciated
5	This place kills it the service is dope. The food is exactly what you when you're out looking for that drunchies fix or when just plan hungry.
5	Have been going here a lot recently - they never disappoint! And now we found out their patio is dog friendly - we love it even more! The food is always great, and the margaritas are tasty, and cheap. They are ALWAYS friendly! Love them!!
4	Good, fast and inexpensive Mexican food.
