5	This is by far the best  Authentic Mexican Food in the Las Vegas Area!Great Place! Great Staff! Great Food!  Now open one in Henderson!!!
5	Been excited ever since we found out they were re-opening. Didn't think it ead possible but the food and service evrn better.  Still have the full menu of all my favs!
5	So great to see Viva Mercado's is back in action.  The new place in the village square in Summerlin is a perfect location with ample parking, a movie theater close by, and plenty of shopping.  The restaurant has a great vibe to it with an open dining room split into two sections and a good sized bar separated just enough from the dining area.  The atmosphere is a perfect blend of privacy without feeling too detached from the crowd.  The decor is a good mix of traditional Mexican flare and a modern sophisticated feel. Unlike some other Mexican places I've been the entertainment level of mariachi doesn't overpower the room or your table conversation.The menu has all the traditional fare that I remember from the old location and the prices for the food are definitely reasonable.  The bar is stocked with plenty of tequila choices and margaritas (I'm partial to the Cadillac with Don Julio on the rocks with salt).The chips, beans, and salsa they provide to the table hit the spot to start the meal.  The chips are always fresh and the salsa is a tomato based that isn't too chunky and just enough spice. If you are looking for a little starter the guacamole is a good addition to the chips and so is the queso fundido. The fideo soup has a great broth to pasta ratio and comes to the table piping hot.I'm a big fan of the cheese enchiladas and Chile rellenos because they are expertly crafted, just enough sauce and cheese.  The rellenos batter is delicious.  You can't go wrong with the carnitas or Chile Colorado too.One of the best parts of the experience is the staff. Even though they just reopened the staff is well trained and ready even when its packed.  Everyone was friendly from the host station to the server.  They all made sure the glasses stayed full and the chips and salsa were never empty, even if they weren't assigned to our table.Overall kudos to viva for:1. Reopening (missed you guys)2. Great location with good layout and decor3.  Awesome food and reasonable prices4. Deep bar selection and well crafted cocktails5. Well trained and super friendly staffI live in Henderson but will gladly make the drive anytime I need my Mexican fix.
4	We've been waiting for Bobby to reopen his restaurant since they closed. I'm glad they are open again and we can enjoy some of the finest Mexican food in Vegas!  They've only been open a week and you can tell they're working a few links out, but for the most part, they are back up to speed with the old place. I highly recommend you check this place out if you are looking for honest, straightforward Mexican cuisine with fresh ingredients!
5	So happy that Viva Mercado's is back!!! Went this past Saturday and it was awesome! The service was excellent and food amazing! I'm glad that the quality is still there and I really enjoyed the new location. Welcome back!
4	Food is much better than the previous mexican restaurant that was here. Quantity of food is great, prices fair. There was one guy in our entire section trying to order took quite awhile and we had to flag someone down. Getting refills and our check was just as equally hard. They certainly need to hire more help overall we would come back.
5	Apparently my earlier review of Viva Mercado's was associated with their old location on Yelp.  So it's pasted here too.  Cliffs Notes: it's amazing.--------------------------------I promise that you will not find better Mexican food in Las Vegas than at Viva Mercado's.  (Though you'll find MANY more expensive and pretentious Mexican places.)They start you off right with an amazing free bean dip, along with your choice from a list of very good salsas.  They also give you a suprisingly flavorful cup of tomato soup with most entrees.  The entrees I've gotten have all been hot, fresh, delicious, and large.  And the service is great.  If you're visiting Las Vegas, it's worth getting access to a car just so you can eat here.
5	My husband and I were ecstatic (no understatement) when we found they'd reopened!  I feel like we're coming home when we're greeted with a smile, handshake, and a heartfelt "welcome back!".  The service is great and the food is even better than before!  No other Mexican restaurant can compare to my experience at Viva Mercados.
5	Very good Mexican food, everyone at my table enjoyed their dish, the service is also excellent. Manuel is one of the best waiters there, he treated us like family , will for sure go back!
4	Not gonna lie, was not a fan of the former location at Rainbow/Spring Mtn because of service issues.  The reopened spot at Sahara/Ft Apache does a good job of delivering on service, atmosphere, and flavor.  Not the best Mexican food, but they do a solid job of making tasty dishes.  Before the meal they offer complimentary chips/beans/salsa.  The chips could use some help; they taste like a bag of grocery store chips; definitely not made fresh in house.  They offer additional salsa flavors for $2.5 each, but we just stuck to the original.I opted for the chile relleno and he had the rajas con crema with chicken.  Both were good.  Before the meal we tried the queso, which proved to be quite a challenge to eat.  The cheese was stringy and greasy, not like a dip.  The atmosphere is cute, contemporary, and very clean.
1	Slow service... Bartender got in an argument  with a guest about warm beer glasses, margarita was watery and took forever to come out. Guacamole tasted like it had mayo in it... Bring back Chinita!
5	I travel to Vegas for business regularly, and my favorite stop for Mexican food is Viva Mercardos.  Note that the current address listed here is incorrect.  The food and service is top-notch.  Make sure you get the "torridos" with your chips and salsa...both are no-charge.  Their chorizo  burrito is the best I've found...anywhere.  I do wish they would open-up a location in Orange County; but then again, I'd have to buy new (larger) clothes if they did.
5	Loved it! Tried it out for the first time and were so pleasantly surprised! Started with a refreshing mojito, followed by their complimentary salsa and bean dip. I ordered the fish tacos and my boyfriend got the chicken steak skillet. The fish tacos were so goood!! Fish was flaky and tasty. The flour tortillas were out of this world and all the toppings brought the entire package to the next level. Their guacamole was fresh and tasty. My boyfriend skillet was seared with tequila table side, mini show :), the meat was tender, juicy and flavorful. They also had live music by a very talented gentleman, makes for a great atmosphere. Would highly recommend this place for a night out. It's a little on the fancy side, but then again it's in Summerlin, so it should be. Service was great! Our waiter Miguel was super friendly and attentive.
3	Overall food was good. Ordered 3 item combo. Was really disappointed with the Chicken Tamale. Inside masa was kinda icy cold, chicken was dry, very little sauce, masa edges dry and tough. Kind of like they microwaved frozen tamales?I took two small bites & left the rest. A good waiter should ask if anything was wrong with food upon seeing barely eaten tamale? I will eat here again but won't ever order Tamales here again. Service was mediocre. We were seated quickly as place was near empty but had to ask for utensils. Long wait for food. Rest of food was good & worth 4 stars but because of the Tamales & service a 3 star at most.I
5	Viva Mercado's has it all!! AMAZING FOOD! and lots of it...friendly service, very fair pricing, family dining, everything I've ordered in my 4 visits has been absolutely delicious!!
2	I want to say that I kept an open mind. The atmosphere is very comfy and warm. We wanted to give Viva Mercados another chance as we ate there a few years back and the quality was not good. My experience is this...the ceviche is wonderful but the salsa is very watered down and the beans are not fresh. The fideo soup was good. I ordered a corona light and it took a long time to get it, lets say our entrees came out first. My husbands drink was mountain dew and they refilled it 3 times with water. I never like ice tea nor water as most people don't know it sits. The A grade was not visible,  very questionable about temps and cleanliness.Me and my husband ordered fajitas and they were overdone and not sizzling and worse is that the meat was very chewy and our rice was not hot. We got a new one remade that was better with more broth and it came out sizzling this time but the rice was not hot again. The albondiga soup I took home was not good. The albondigas fell apart and it looked like minestrone soup, I threw it away. Now, the churros are excellent!!! I work in the F & B industry and I hate sending food back but as a paying customer I was disappointed and have a right. I personally feel it is overpriced for the dining experience.
4	This place never ceases to amaze - they always pay attention to the little details that can take an all right meal and turn it into something awesome. Last night I brought in a party of 20-25 people and they took amazing care of us - although there was some confusion when it came down to breaking up the checks - a word to the wise; if you have a big party make sure everyone brings some cash or you will have a headache. I've had the pleasure of trying out a couple of their steak dishes now - each one has been absolutely delicious. Cooked perfectly, with just the right balance of salty, spicy, and juicy. I will definitely be back again and again.
4	An excellent choice for quick traditional Mexican in a relaxed "cantina" atmosphere.Viva Mercado's used to be open on Rainbow, but has moved to the shopping center where 808 Tapas, Bachi Burger, and Buldogis is located. It is actually deeper into the shopping center located next to a coffee shop and a few boutique clothing stores.I dined here with a co-worker during a slow afternoon around 2 PM. Chips are served to each table with salsa AND bean dip, yum! Choices my friends, I love choices. As for my meal, I selected the chicken burrito that comes with rice, beans, and pico de gallo. My co-worker was paying for the meal, so I didn't want to get too spendy. He ordered the carne asada torta, which looked great and he said was awesome.My chicken burrito was excellent with moist chicken inside and a red sauce on top with melted cheese. What I really enjoyed about it was that it was not MASSIVELY HUGE. Nor was the amount of beans and rice on my plate. I think in a time when people are just eating way too much food I applaud restaurants that are willing to NOT slop massive amounts of side dishes on plates OR create such huge burritos no one in their right mind would sit at a table at eat it all at once.Service was a bit slow. Our drinks were refilled, but we waited quite awhile for the check. Our server disappeared from the restaurant floor for about 10-12 minutes and we had to wave down the busser to get him to come out and bring our check.Overall if I were in the area again and wanted Mexican I would definitely come back.
5	Great for happy hour special drinks (3 dollar drafts!) with some wonderful appetizers before a movie.
3	Stopped in for a quick bite before catching a movie. Being a Saturday night, we were worried that we wouldn't be able to get in before our movie time. We were seated as soon as we walked in. The menu here is huge! I have to be honest, I was a little overwhelmed with how many choices there were. We both placed our order and I swear five minutes later, the food was at the table.  Both of us ordered the one item combination plates. My wife had the chicken enchilada and I had the carne asada burrito. Combination plates come with your standard fare, rice, re-fried beans and a tiny salad. One thing that wasn't standard, at least not to my knowledge, was the bowl of fideo soup that accompanies your meal. All of the side were good. I especially liked that the beans were not greasy! The burrito was tasty. My only complaint if you will, was that I felt the tortilla that was used might have been a little thin. More along the lines of an enchilada rather than a burrito. The carne asada was cooked well and was flavorful.  I could see myself coming back. Preferably when I have more time to look over the menu and try something else besides a combo plate. For now, I will rate this as a three star visit. The service was good. The interior was colorful and lively. So if you are in the area, give this classic restaurant at it's new location a try!
2	This is the 3rd location for this restaurant in the less than 10 years I've lived in Las Vegas. Unfortunately, three is not a charm for what used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in town. At the first 2 locations, everything about the food was excellent. Tamales-yes, my passion. This place had tamales like no one else's. They were generous in size containing big chunks of pork. Now, they're shrunken and inconsistent and the rice and beans are now bland instead of flavorful. All of this in spite of Bobby Mercado's insistence that "everything including the chef" remained the same as the previous locations. I guess the long hiatus between reopenings has caused the chef to forget how to cook.In addition, they've gotten so much further away from my home that with the bland food, it's no longer worth making the trip. I'm highly disappointed. Now, after all this time I have to start my search all over again. I'm starting to think there's no such thing as authentic, great-tasting Mexican food in Las Vegas, Nevada.
5	Great service, great shrimp quesadilla! So glad this place is back!
4	Very happy to have this close to home. We went Friday night had great service and great food. Chile Colorado is the best I have had. They give you lots of food at a decent price and everything we had at table was very good to excellent. Went back for lunch Sunday and food was just as good at a decent price. If you like Mexican food come here. Also we noticed how nice the interior was decorated. Place looked good and was clean and open.
5	Some of the best Mexican food I have ever had! Everything we ordered was out of this world! The margaritas were AMAZING & STRONG, exactly how we asked for. The staff was wonderful and I loved the atmosphere. I especially liked their prices! $9 for an Avion margarita! Can't beat that! This is my new Mexican spot =)
3	I really liked the fact that the restaurant carries an extended menu, you could definitely find something you would like to eat. They offered complementary chips, salsa and fried beans, which were pretty good.  I ordered the enchiladas and although they were good, they were not very impressive! I was very disappointed with the margarita, I could not taste any alcohol! ::( the service was decent and the atmosphere is very nice.. Overall, not a bad place but nothing out of the ordinary
5	Love this  LV Mexican restaurant. It is great; the chile relleno are so good, I'd like to try a few other things, but since we moved from Vegas, we only get here once a year and it's the chile relleno of the gods. Also whatever my husband gets, he gets with nopales; usually it's steak and shrimp fajitas I think, and it makes him very happy. I can't wait until my next trip for the awesome margaritas and chile relleno.
5	This place was SO GOOD. we loved the seafood taquitos. The service was great. I recommend the peach margarita. I got the fish taco (so delicious), the chicken tamale (a little different since it's more open-faced but it's good!) and the beef burrito (the beef was SO GOOD. Stole the show for me.)We pretty much decided this is our New Mexican place! I wanna come back tomorrow but I have a lot of leftovers since we ate so much!
5	I've been going to Viva Mercado since I was a kid (I'm 34 now). With that said even if it's your first time the owner Bobby Mercado (who works 24/7) will treat you like a long lost family member. The food is always great but it's the service that makes it even better.  In a city with an abundance of Mexican restaurants what makes Viva Mercado stand out is there quality of food, attention to your needs and how they genuinely care about your experience. Take a chance on Viva Mercado, you won't be disappointed.
3	Is it Almost Excellent Food and Service? Not only is the meat prepared fresh it is good juicey and flavorful. Not sitting out dried and bland. They actually cook your food well. Some dishes are not seasoned well but at least offer well cooked meat. Sauces should be made not canned. Perhaps if the menu was streamlined this could work, too many choices and offerings. Stick to a few authentic recipes and this place would rule. Even with canned sauces it was better than most. In Las Vegas however this is as good as it gets. The outside decor looks like a cheap sports bar but inside the staff is hospitable and atmosphere inviting. Pre dinner food is tasty but not better then other Mexican equivalent offerings... That being said no dry over heated meat and some fresh seasonings. Get some authentic homemade sauces that aren't purchased at the local Mexicali grocery store then we are talking. Season your own food! Don't use a can!But I'll pay for the well cooked meat and fresh garnished meals again. This is the best in the area but I know it could be better.
4	Heard good things about this place, so my lady and I decided to try it. The food was delicious, salsa was good along with the bean dip. Also had some seasoned  cooked chilies and onions... goes real good with the meal. The carnitas was flavorful and chicken enchilada was good... Definitely give this place a try, the place was clean, the staff was nice and the food was pretty good. Looking forward to try different things on there menu. They also have a small outdoor seating area, good place to chill and have a few drinks.
5	Smaller than their last place but the food is just as good.  Best Mexican food in Las Vegas!
5	The most amazing Mexican food and service on the West Coast! The Chimichanga de Mariscos, carne quesadilla, and queso fundido top our list of favoritos! Bartender Brendan, rocks! Cheers
2	Reserved the back room for a group gathering of 30-35 people.  Management was hard to work with to set up the dinner.  They wouldn't set the dinner up on a Friday or Saturday even though we we're making reservations more than two weeks in advance. On the night of the dinner we had 28 people show up. I was told that because we didn't have 30 people they were going to charge us $15 per person that didn't show up. I told them that was unacceptable and that we would take our business elsewhere in the future.  They did back down from the charges. The other issue we ran into with this location is that they wouldn't split the checks and only agreed to do a check for each table which created quite a bit of confusion for everyone in the party and for the server.The food is good at this location and our server was outstanding.  But the management's lack of customer service for a large group has made our decision to take our business to one of the other Mexican restaurants an easy one.
1	My husband and I wanted to dine but decided to just have two quick drinks at the bar when we discovered very unprofessional behavior by two bartenders. They weren't wearing name tags, they were working 04-11-14 at 8:30 PM. The two males one Caucasian and one Spanish were both drinking on the job, they were more interested in their bro talk and drinking activites than engaging and servicing the customers. Also I lost my appetite when I saw the Spanish gentleman return a customers plate to the kitchen and he seriously ate a huge piece of food off of the plate when he closed the door.Management watch these guys on video I'm sure their behavior is much worse, i was only there for twenty minutes. I would make sure they aren't stealing money too.
5	I've never been the biggest fan of Mexican food but I must say that this place was a delight. My wife and I found it using Yelp and we're definitely not disappointed. The decor was warm and inviting and the service was probably the best I've had in many many years anywhere! Our waiter was a guy named Jay and he was amazing. The entire staff worked together as a team and perhaps that's why I'm ranking the service so highly. Realizing that it was our first visit to the restaurant they brought us a free appetizer which was delicious and very unexpected. Our drinks were constantly filled, fresh napkins brought, and even the chips and salsa refreshed before we hit the bottom of the bowl. Finally the manager whose name is Bobby Mercado stopped by and asked how we enjoyed our experience. From the manager on down everybody was delightful and genuine. The food was very good even though I'm not the biggest fan of Mexican food. My wife is the expert on Mexican food and she thoroughly enjoyed her meal. My wife and I don't have to worry about dinner tonight either because the portions were large enough where we now have another meal taken care of. We will both definitely go back soon.
5	Grew up going here at their old location. When I recently visited home, I had to check their new place out!  It was still so good, and the food was even better than I remember. They also still serve the noodle soup, which is my favorite part. The new location is nice too.  Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town again!
5	I am originally from El Paso, TX and am very picky when it comes to mexican food. Ive been coming here since I was a kid when they were on Jones Im 31 now so thats a long time. Anytime I go out of town I am on a search for good mexican food and hardly none ever compare to here. This place is the BEST mexican restaurant in Vegas and my family and I are here probably on a weekly basis. I normally have the combination plate with steak taco and chicken enchilada or the chicken firecrackers which are somewhat like taquitos with jalapeno in them SOOOO GOOD. My husband has had lots of different options like seafood burrito, steak taco, tamales, chicken quesadilla and hes never had a complaint. We also love the complimentary soup with dinner meals and complimentary chips salsa and bean dip they start u off with. I normally also get some of the specialty salsas like habanero and arbol. The sopapillas are very good as well! My kids also love it and ask to come here all the time. The staff is always so friendly and accomodating and are used to seeing us so much. We always make lots of alterations to our meals and they handle it with no problem. I LOVE the new location very clean and modern looking and will continue to come here as long as Im living in Vegas! If u like mexican food as much as I do this is the place to go!!
5	Great place.  The staff made us feel welcome, and the food was delicious, with generous portions. I love the soup that comes with dinner, and the margaritas did NOT disappoint. There may be too many choices for what you want, but that is not a bad thing.  I was so happy to find this place for my visit to Vegas.  So nice we went twice, in one week.
5	The food is wonderful! The service is great. We went here last month for my dad's birthday and our waiter helped a lot with the ~surprise birthday song.~ They gave him a huge sombrero to wear while we sang and it was awesome.
5	Bobby is back!!!! Food is fantastic , happy hour is the best deal in town to eat and drink!!! Happy to see the faces that make it even better than it was at Flamingo and Jones.  Don't bother with the copy cats.... Go to the real deal!!!
4	So excited that there is a Mexican restaurant in Summerlin that is not Macayo's! My friend and I ate there yesterday for the first time and both loved it! I got the chicken burrito combo plate and it was very yummy. She got the vegetarian taco and said the guac was sooo good. The service was excellent but the real draw for me is the bean dip! The old Guadalajara that used to be at Palace Station was my fave but this is even better! The only reason it does not get five stars is that the chips are just okay. But I can live with that!
5	Good food, GREAT SERVICE, descent prices. All in all 5 stars. Mr. Mercado himself was a stand out guy... Reason being, we wanted to have a good Mexican breakfast while we were in Vegas, found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. We had so much trouble getting there and when we did Mr. Mercado felt so bad that he actually offered us a ride back to our hotel, and guess what, he actually took us back to our hotel. You have to stop in and say hi to the staff as they are fabulous and super friendly, and the food is fantastic! Thanks Mr Mercado, thanks for hooking us up!
5	AlsoNot your run of the mill Mexican restaurant. This is a first class dining establishment. The atmosphere is new clean and contemporary. The food is fabulous and the staff is friendly. I highly recommend viva mercados to anyone. I was interested in eating lite the night I attended and that was not a problem because they had a great vegetarian section on the menu. Don't want to forget great bar and happy hour.
1	Came in to treat my wife for a Mother's Day lunch.  Unfortunately after waiting for about twenty minutes, we had the bowl of chips finished off and drinks almost empty, no one had been by to take our food order.  They weren't that busy.  We decided not to order after waiting a few minutes longer our waiter finally came by to take our order, I told him just charge us for the drinks and chips so we could go somewhere else.  We weren't charged.
1	Well.... I waited a while for my favorite restaurant to open. My first visit was bad because they forgot to place our orders and noticed everyone that came after us were getting their dishes. I just pushed that aside because they had just opened. Today I went and got a combo 2 tostadas for my son who does not eat much just been and cheese $15.95 for BEAN AND CHEESE..... I called Juan's Flaming Fajitas & Cantina and they charge $12 which I believe is still a lot but much better than $15.95 AND I could hear a Mariachi band in the back ground... I picked the wrong place to dine for Mothers Day
5	Sooooo let me tell y'all, I love Mexican food.  & this place def have the atmosphere for some good Mexican food. I went in here on my mother'a day for brunch with my family & immediately we got greeted & got seated in a nice comfortable booth. & wow the food menu was big & every item sounded super good so I had to order my favorite chicken fajitas & it was delicious. Also I had a strawberry mimosa. I was full within 5 mins haha food portions are def huge & filling. Appetizers are also very good. Im giving this place 5 Stars because this spot is a authentic Mexican restaurant & had great service & I had a great Time.
5	The best is back! After the closure of the previous location on Rainbow (a sad day when I drove up to an empty restaurant), management has found the will and the way to reopen in a new location.While now quite distant from the usual Vegas haunts, it's worth the trek and I hope means more locals will come to appreciate this quality dining option.This version doesn't seem to have the same seating capacity as the previous two. The decor isn't quite the same, either. But the menu, the food, the flavor and the friendly, helpful service are still top-notch. I felt welcome from the moment I stepped in the restaurant. My drink order was taken quickly, my server kept a close eye on things - I never waited or wanted, but he also didn't hover around the table. And my glass was never empty for longer than a minute before being refilled.The food - just as good as ever! Quality and quantity make for a fine and filling repast. I had the two-item combo, and with the accompanying beans, rice and fideo soup, I came away satisfied and smiling.I will return to Viva Mercado again and again whenever I'm back in town. It's nice to know you can still find a commitment to good food and fine service from Bobby Mercado.
5	The menu is really good.  There are so many combos.  I had no idea that the place is so big.  (I was never in the other locations.)  The bar looked great, they seem to have a lot of drinks.  Tamales are very good.  They are served differently than I am used to.  The outdoor seating looks nice.  And the service is good and timely.Okay so I came back!  Food was excellent again.  If you are there during the day Luis the bartender/waiter is very attentive without being overbearing.  The busboys were also very nice also.  I do recommend Viva Mercado.
5	This is our 2nd time here (first time at the new location). The atmosphere and decor are very nice and the restaurant was clean. We were seated right away and immediately had someone bring us chips, salsa and beans. They were good but I prefer Coyote's chips better because they put seasoning salt on theirs. However, everything else was excellent!
1	The bowl of salsa that came out had something strange in it (I was thinking a cilantro stem or something) so I fished it out. I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa. The waiter wasn't quite sure how to handle it and couldn't find a supervisor to help him out. With our stomachs turning from the thought of wire or other "extras" that may he included we decided it was time to go. I really wanted chips and salsa too.
5	So glad to see our favorite Mexican restaurant is back! Love this place!!
5	Another Mexican restaurant? Not even close. Great menu with a lot of choices and reasonable prices considering the A+ quality. Sometimes I don't order beef at Mexican restaurants. Here I did. Tender and tasty. Only complaint. Too much food. We will be returning.
5	What a happy hour. I always look for quality this happy hour has quality and a great price.
5	Wow, one word: awesome! My girlfriend and I were looking for a dinner place before a movie in the shopping center and happened upon this place. We left beyond impressed.We were seated immediately, and Alfredo was our awesome waiter. They keep the free chips, salsa, and bean dip coming! We had a good pitcher of margarita, reasonably priced, and the food, including the sopa de fideo, was deeelish. My lady had a tamale, I had an enchilada and one of the best fish tacos I've ever had. I might just get a couple of them next time. The Mexican rice was good... I really have no complaints... Ok, one complaint... we sat by a fountain that kept splashing me. Minor considering the overall great experience.  We'll be back soon!
5	Great food and awesome service. Very happy they are back in business. Love the new location. Been there  5 times. The food was good and it came out fast. The servers and busers were fast and courteous. Best service ever.
5	I had a staff dinner here recently and was pleased with the friendly staff, including our humorous waiter.  The food is served very fresh.  I recommend the peppers and onions as well as the queso.  I'll be back for sure.
5	One of our top rated Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas.  I was very happy when I found out they were opening once again at this new location.  Staff has always been attentive and nice.  Salsa choices are excellent.  When I'm adventurous and try a new item from the extensive menu, it's always tasty.
5	The last three trips were even better! I want to try everything on the menu and love this place! You won't be disappointed!
5	The place is so cute,, it's really open and you can see just about everywhere from anywhere.  The guacamole is to die for it was creamy not just chunky.  My fajitas were fresh and I like how they don't over cook the veggies like most places. They have these sauteed jalapenos that are super yum and taste like it would be perfect with a cold beer! Unfortunately I had to go back to work so the next time!   I need to come back for their happy hour!   And the bartender was pretty hot! Lol!
4	I've been searching for a totally legit sit-down Mexican spot rather than a fast-food type of establishment & I'm so glad I found it! I love the atmosphere here, the colors are a lot of reds and oranges inside, definitely a welcoming vibe to experience good Mexican food. Service was great, all hosts, servers and bussers are very nice & accommodating. I also love that you get delicious complementary chips, salsa & refried beans as well as soup. The menu is extensive! A bit overwhelming but I suggest opting for their combos or have your server suggest a popular dish.I loved my flautas and soft tacos! I'm not a huge Mexican foodie but I must say, Viva Mercado's has changed me. Can't wait to go back!
5	I'm glad that Viva Mercado's took another shot! My wife and I used to go to the Flamingo/Jones location at least once per month. When they moved to Rainbow/Spring Mountain, it seemed as if the quality of the food and service went downhill. We took our business to competitors like Lindo.    We gave the new location in Village Square a shot and were pleasantly surprised. Chips tasted fresh and entrees were superb. I had the carnitas fajitas and my wife had a carne asada dish. Prices were in line with the quality and portions. I actually felt the value. Thanks Viva Mercado's for not giving up on keeping great Mexican food alive in Vegas.
4	This  review is only for a to go order of tamales. Ordered a full pan of pork tamales which had 20 total. The total was 75.00 dollars. First off these are the biggest tamales I have ever seen! They are not made with masa which I happened to like because it is not as heavy or fatty. They had a great taste to them and were spicy. I didn't really like how the pork on the inside was not chopped up, it was in big chunks. The amount for the price was good mad they also gave you a lot of hot sauce both green and red and those were great.
5	Very good! The happy hour was at the bar so we watched the FIFA game and ate some delicious tacos. The bartenders were all very friendly and we chatted a bit with them. Beers were delicious! $3 on happy hour.
4	Good food,  large portions, friendly service,  and a spacious atmosphere with a decent sized bar.  Prices are moderate and the food is fresh and authentic.   Most meals come with soup, rice and beans,  and a small complimentary dessert snack is provided for the entire table.  The exterior of the restaurant is non impressive,  but don't be discouraged.   The interior is spacious and inviting.  We will definitely return!
4	The service was excellent. Our waiter was great, and always there to refill our drinks or even sneak us a delicious fried tortilla dessert. The food was good, but needed just a little more seasoning for me. I will definitely go back again considering I've gone to all their locations since I was a child! So glad they are back!
4	This establishment used to be an institution on Jones and Flamingo. They have changed locations a couple of times since then and now are located in Village Square on the NWC of Sahara and Fort Apache.
5	Came in for dinner. Our server was Luis. I frequently done out and it has been a long time since I've had the type of service that Luis provided. I haven't yet mentioned that the food was outstanding. The carne asada fajitas were absolutely amazing. This place is a must try.
3	OK     Been looking for a local place for Mexican...      Just a casual, flavorful place that I can get great tacos and guacamole and not spend too much money.   So I arrived here at Viva and immediately was surprised by the inside of the place.    From the outside...   its unassuming and looks like it could be a local answer to baja fresh Chipotle...(did I spell that right?)    but its not that...      at all.     The dinning room features a long and inviting bar area and a lot of table space.   So much that almost half of the dinning room was closed off for the lunch service...   no matter.     The decor is warm with a hint of...    dare I say elegance.   (More on that later)Ordered 2 margaritas and some guacamole.     We keep trying to find guacamole that compares to Segundo on the strip at the Fashion Show Mall.    So out it came...   a bowl of guacamole.    Now...     Having it made table side really makes a difference.   That said...   they didn't do that....   It comes the way it comes.     I like having to option to put a little more lime and heat in it when someone makes it for you at the table.     Listen, it was good, but i found myself wishing it had more of this and that.    Ah well.Ok Margaritas...      I get it...     you?    a guy?    a margarita?    Ok don't judge me...    the wife and i wanted one...   we got one...   well kind of.    It sure looked like a margarita...   but what it was was likely 3 straight shots of tequila.   That's all fine and good, but I'm not a college student trying to get a girl drunk...      took one sip and ordered a coke    (OK it was a Diet Coke...   again don't judge me)    Here's where we take a turn.     After telling the waiter that it was Waaaay too strong and that I was not going to drink it...   it sat there...    full and mocking me from the glass for the entire meal.   I wonder...     Will I be paying for that drink that I didn't drink and complained about?   HmFood was good.   Wife got the enchiladas...   I the Caritas and they were good.   Very good.     and here is the kicker...    they seem to welcome you with little freebies like bean dip,   Fried jalapenos, and after everything they send out a little cinnamon type dessert.      Nice!     Classy!Ok bill came and yes the drink was on it.     No worry...   I was a waiter in my youth...   I get how booze on a bill is great for your bottom line for tips and I realize that taking it back to the bartender would have been bad for him...    ok.    The classy thing to do would have been to take that one off the bill...   seeing as how it was barely touched and commented on early on in our experience.     OK so about the place....      It feels nice and welcoming...    a little fancy.    Not what we are looking for.     Listen, I love a burger place, but its not fancy food and I hate a burger place that tries to be an elegant gourmet experience....    I feel the same about Mexican food.      I just want a place that is bright and casual and not fancy...   not so casual that were in baja fresh, but not so fancy either.     I think I just wish that Segundo had a restaurant closer to us on the west side. All in all...   good food...   would defiantly do it again, but was not and is not what we were hoping for.      And hey guys...       when something is not good and commented on, just take it off the bill.     Don't make people have to be that person who asks to "Talk to the Manager" to do what you know is the right thing.
5	My boyfriend and I were heartbroken when our favorite Mexican restaurant closed. How exciting it is to have Viva Mercado's back and better than ever! The new location is absolutely beautiful inside, and still offers the same friendly atmosphere, like you are eating at a friends house. Service is kind and attentive. Now the best part.....the food!The complimentary chips, salsas, and bean dip, are always a winner! :)Apps:Queso Fundido - Yum! This ooey gooey dish is so tasty! Definitely messy, but that just makes it more fun to eat. Chili Con Queso - This was a bit spicy for my taste, but my boyfriend loved it. However, I found that I kept eating it despite the spice, so it must have been good! lolGuacamole - One of my fave things on the menu! Super fresh and delicious, my boyfriend is lucky if he gets any at all!Main Dishes:I have tried most of the dishes available for the combination platters, and I have thoroughly enjoyed them all! One of my favorite parts is the sopa de fideos. I don't know what it is about this simple soup, but I love it! If I had to chose my favorites, it would definitely be the crispy shredded beef tacos and the chicken enchiladas with green sauce. They are definitely my two go to dishes here. The chili verde is very good as well.....and the tamales......and the burritos....and the tostadas......I could go on and on and on! Dessert:We don't always make it to dessert, which is a shame because the churros, fried ice cream, and sopapillas are all wonderful!
4	On Thursday July 10th I was early for a meeting and stopped in for a late lunch during their happy hour. I was a bit bothered by not being informed  that for the happy hour menu and pricing I needed to sit at the bar area. I was seated and then asked if I wanted to move after placing my drink order. So why the four stars? The food was great outstanding favor made up for it all. The next time I will know to seat at the bar area for happy hour. If you want an excellent Mexican meal this is the place.
5	Great service & great food. Very tastey-- not bland (which I'm very picky about). Very satisfied with my experience!
4	Went for first time today.  Was a very good experience.While it is true I have had better refried beans, the fish taco and carnita taco I had on the combination plate were great. Lots of food and good fresh food.Service was quick and friendly.I am definitely putting this place on a have to go at least once a month basis.
4	Love the family staff. They guided me to a very good selection. Very authentic Mexican.
5	My new favorite Mexican spot. When I pulled up, I almost thought I was at the wrong place. It's in a strip mall and you feel like you are about to walk into a take out taco shop but when you open the door it's really quite a surprise. Very nice atmosphere, service was great, food was excellent. We were a party of six and not one of us had a bad thing to say. Can't wait to go back! Ask to be seated in Luis's section and you will not be disappointed.
4	Excellent mexican fare. Fresh and authentic. Service is great location is convenient. Great drinks too!
5	My hubby and I were first timers to this place and it won't be the last time. The complementary chips and salsa and been dip is very yummy. We irdered chicken fajitas and they quick to the table and very good. Our waters were never empty the service was great. We had a server named John and he was so dedicated  about his work and you could tell. Super friendly and attentitive!
1	My boyfriend and I saw that this place had good reviews so we decided to give it a try. Maybe we were there on an off night,  but both of our meals were terrible. The fish in my fish tacos was freezer burnt and the beef in his burrito was burnt to a crisp.
5	This has been one of my favorite places since 1990s I was so glad when they moved it by my house on W Sahara and Ft Apache the food is still great and very friendly and has some of the same staff it did back in the day.
5	Food and atmosphere is wonderful! I would recommend this place to all! Plus the bartender Jason is simply adorable!
5	I finally decided to give this place a try and made a bold move to done-in with my 1 year old. The moment I walked in I was immediately seated and served chips, salsa and bean dip. They took our drink order and had them at the table a minute later.I ordered the lunch combination plate with a veggie tamale and chili relleno. Served with beams and rice. My kids ordered quesadillas and chicken enchilada off the kids menu. One got a side of beam and rice the other two fries. I loved the face they have other side options for children. I must admit that was some of the best food we ever had eating out! Full of flavor and great portions .The customer service is the best I've ever had in all of Las Vegas and California! There was not a moment I had to go searching for help. The waiter was always there when we needed him and always made sure we had full glasses of our drinks. Despite the few mishaps we had, the servers never took a smile off their faces and even brought out some of the best banuelos we've ever had.If I had to make a choice to dine out with my kids, it will always be here. Very kid/family friendly. Love the welcoming atmosphere.
3	We received great service from Luis and others. I liked the vibration of the staff and location. We ordered from the lunch menu, and while the food was good, it just was not great, too much sauce on the items, and no really great salsa to go with the chips. I tried several, but they were all either too sweet, or too spicy, but not one that was just great. I prefer a spicy chunky salsa.I have been spoiled by Leticia's and Juan's Flaming Fajitas so my standards are higher when it comes to quality and flavor. I would visit this location again based on the great service throughout the entire visit. They also serve Pepsi products exclusively, which to me, as stated in other reviews is a bad customer service decision.
5	I was thrilled that V.M. had reopened. We had dined at the former occupant of the location and it was horrible. My husband ordered the fish tacos and I had the Chile Colorado. Neither disappointed. The chips were fresh, the complimentary bean dip yummy and service was very good. The waiter understood that I was gluten-free and was happy to accomodate my needs.
5	This is my second time here and the service, food, drinks, and atmosphere are great! I highly recommend you try this place if you are looking for a great sit down mexican restaurant!
1	My gf and I have been fans of Viva Mercado's since their first location on Flamingo and Jones years ago, we liked them so much we even followed them to their next location on Spring Mountain and Rainbow, till it closed a few years ago. We always order the same 3 tacos and margarita special at the bar. We came to this new location expecting to be able to order the same special and were told that it no longer exists! We were also told that frequent diner stamp cards are not accepted anymore! What the heck Viva?? We can't support you any longer if you don't look out for the fan base that got you to where you are!
5	My family and I went here last weekend.  First off I have to say that my parents are big fans of Viva Mercado from previous locations.  It is my Dad's favorite restaurant so they were very excited when they opened up at this location on Sahara.  The atmosphere is great, good service and everyone was super friendly.  The menu is very extensive and it was hard to decide what to get.  I ordered the same thing as my dad which was the three item combination.  I got a cheese enchilada, chili relleno and a chorizo hard shell taco.  Okay, can I just say how happy I was with everything?  The chorizo taco was delicious, not greasy, perfectly flavored and well seasoned.  The chili relleno was the star.  It was not overly breaded, but just right and the enchilada was great as well.  My sister got the Enchiladas Suiza and they were delicious.  The sauce on them was perfectly garlicy.The only thing is that the restaurant is located in the same center as the Regal Cinemas but across the parking lot.  It is a little difficult to see in the shopping center, but it has a big red umbrella in front of it.  They are located in the southwest corner of the center.  I can hardly wait to go back!
5	The food was awesome, had the Chicken Tacos and the deCocktail DeCammorn!  The  was outstanding, our chip basket never got empty and our drinks were refilled continually !
5	Been here a few more times. Ordered a couple different burritos - which were good but a little expensive for a burrito.  Better to do the lunch menu or get the combination 3 item plate.  The staff, however, is still awesome.  Very few places have I been where the service is excellent all the time.  Before you even ask for something, they bring it.  Thanks Viva Mercado, so glad you're back in business.
3	It was OK definitely not a fan of the $15  tacos. For tacos. Seriously. But they were awesome. And food taste was good. Just a bit over priced for small meals
5	Really great staff had so much fun here. Food was all great, mostly based off our servers recommendations too. The happy hour drinks were great and affordable ($4 sangria) . Someone sent over a free plate of dessert I'm guessing the manager :) above and beyond guys thank you!
4	Love this place - cute and yummy !!! Unfortunately they Don't take American Express cards which sucks :((((
5	Just ate here with a couple of my friends. Never heard of this place until one of them told me about it. What a tremendous establishment. Everyone was so nice. Our waiter was the best. Friendly people, excellent ambience, terrific food, etc. You can't go wrong with Viva Mercados. Highly recommended! It's also in a great strip mall. 5 stars!!
4	Amazing happy hour specials. You've gotta sit in the bar to get happy hour food. My faves off of the HH menu are the chorizo tacos and the chicken taquitos. Get here before 5pm to beat the crowd.
5	I've been coming to Viva Mercado's with the family for almost 22 years in their various locations.  Many birthday dinners over the years. It was always my favorite Mexican restaurant in LV.  I was so sad when the Rainbow location closed, and looked forward to Bobby's promise of a return some day.  Our first visit to the new Sahara location felt like we finally came home again.  If possible, the food seemed better.  The restaurant is beautiful inside, and the service was excellent. A nice strong Margarita was also very welcomeCongrats to Bobby and everyone in the family for a triumphant return.  You can NEVER close again!!!
4	We loved this place since they were located next to the Smith's on Flamingo, small intimate, but then they expanded to their location on Spring Mountain, it was big and very nicely decorated but they closed up even though it always appeared to be busy, we thought they were gone for good, but then we discovered their newest location at Village square and are enjoying once again great food and service. I love the happy hour, who doesnt love margaritta's! They serve roasted onions and jalapena with radish, soup with the meal and they gave us complmentary desert. I chose the combination plate, chili relleno, beef taco and chili verde enchilada. It was very good. My husband got a steak it was grilled and very tender! It was a good meal. Always good food great service and good margaritta's!
5	Hallelujah!, they're back & better than before. It's taken me too long to finally visit Viva Mercado at their new location. We were pretty taken aback walking in: huge, bold, warm, pristine. Everyone was incredibly lovely, from the host to our waiter. Chips: yum. Salsa: yum. Water: strangely, also yum. We've been encountering taste issues, in the past couple months, with guacamoles but Viva Mercado did not disappoint! Be warned: they provide a plate of sauteed onion & peppers. I thought they were green pepper & popped a big ol' piece in my mouth... after seeing my life flash before my eyes, I realized they were actually jalapenos! I wasn't terribly hungry so I ordered a bowl of fideo & it was not only the best fideo I've had, it was one of my favorite soups! My partner in crime agreed, once having her pre-entree cup of it. She got the verde carne asada enchiladas & was very satisfied (& able to take half home). We'll definitely be back soon & frequently! Felt like the perfect place for cozy winter meals.
5	This place is awesome! It's closer to me than Macayos, the service was better and it's brand new so much cleaner. The chips and salsa come with bean dip. Yum! I got chicken tacos, and everything comes with rice and beans which is a huge plus. The tacos have bell peppers which aren't spicy, with feta cheese. The chicken was amazing, and I loved the spin on ingredients! I'll be back soon.
5	This was just exactly what I was looking for.  Great service, fresh food with all of the accompaniments I like and a comfortable atmosphere.The menu is so huge it is sort of hard to know where to start.  My friend and I split the Chicken Mole and the Steak Borracha.  The steak was the clear winner and even without ordering separate appetizers the portions were so large we had leftovers.  I really liked the touch of the grilled jalapeno and look forward ot exploring more of the menu.
5	We loved the chips, salsa, and bean dip.  We ordered the quesadilla and the taco salad.  Great service, Great food, and a comfortable atmosphere.  The portions were so large we had leftovers.  My only complaint was that one of the waiters was wearing far too much cologne.  I want to taste my food and not his cologne.
4	Still the best mole sauce in town.  A little more pricey at its Village Square location but the food is still very good.  Menudo soup is wonderful.  Wide selection of dishes including a good Mexican vegetarian menu.  Dishes popular in Mexico that you don't normally see in the States.   Great ambiance and service.  Generous portions and nice bar.  My favorites are the enchilada poblano, burrito colorado and the chicken fajitas.
5	"Good food. Good service. Clean and nice."That was my dad's concise review but I will expand a little. Our family ate at Viva Mercado for our Sunday meal this week. I was most impressed by the service. The waiters and bussers were moving quickly around the room without pause to assist every patron. I always measure a restaurant based on how quickly they refill my water because I drink lots of it, especially with spicy food. I was never left wanting at Viva Mercado, I was continuously checked on and brought water, napkins, more chips, etc. The meal comes with chips, salsa, and bean dip, all very tasty. The prices are a little higher than what I would normally pay for this type of food but so worth it for the service and all the little extras you get. My meal was simple, just a chicken quesadilla, but delicious and the chicken was nicely seasoned. The meal was followed with a delightful little dessert course of a crisped tortilla with cinnamon sugar, drizzled with chocolate and caramel sauce and topped with whipped cream. So yummy.
5	Exemplary service, great food, wonderful ambiance. We couldn't find fault at all. Best sit-down Mexican so far in Las Vegas!
5	Really good Mexican food.  My favorite place here in Vegas for Mexican.  Good new location, the place is clean and nice atmosphere.  Good for families and children.  I highly recommend it.
5	One of my favorite local Mexican food spots in town!  Great service, great food, and it's not overly pricey.  The chips are standard but the bean dip and salsa are awesome.  I personally like the kind of salsa they provide.  There are some good dishes here, the Boracha, Chile Verde enchiladas, fish tacos (Basso instead of Tilapia), chicken fajitas and even the combo dinners are good picks.For dessert, the churros and flan are my picks here.
4	My parents and I had an itch for Mexican food, and I'm SO glad I found Viva Mercado.  After reading many positive reviews on Yelp, I knew this place had to be great.When we arrived, we were greeted by a friendly waiter.  He quickly took and brought out our drink orders and shortly thereafter a busser brought us waters, chips, salsa, and bean dip.  Yum!  The waiter also asked if we liked roasted onions and jalapenos, which my mom eagerly said yes.  So lovely!  Our main dishes were also delicious and we couldn't have been happier.  Large portions, so you will definitely have leftovers for lunch the next day.The final touch?  The waiter brought out Bunuelos (cinnamon crisps) with chocolate and whipped cream as a small treat.I can't wait to go back!
5	Excellent food and service!  The Tomatillo echiladas are the best you will ever have.Beautiful restaurant and bar.  Everything you would expect from a Mexican restaurant is upgraded at Viva Mercados.  They start you with perfect chips and high quality salsa and creamy beyond belief bean dip.  For salsa fans they have a large selection of salsas of varying heats.  They also provide a perfect little plate of seasoned onions and chile peppers.  The menu is huge but everything I have had here is good.
5	The food was very good. They offer different salsas but you must ask. I had taco salad. Yummy! Margaritas on happy hour $5. Service is always good here. Ben there many times. The owners are there everyday. They even gave us a free dessert. ! Cinnamon crisps. ! Yum!
5	Took my daughter to this resturaunt and the food is as good if not better than my favorite Mexican resturaunt in Texas.
5	AMAZING SERVICE!!!!! The waiter offered us peppers & onions with our salsa.. I said no thinking he was recommending an appetizer.. They brought it out anyhow AND IT WAS AWESOME! Great touch with the chips. Not for a second did we wait for a thing. All the servers look out to be sure no one needs a thing. The food was great and service impeccable! We will be back SOON!
4	Do not go here during prime dinner time. We had to wait an hour for a table ... they DON'T take reservations...which, in my opinion, is something that should be changed.
5	I first came here with coworkers for lunch and we eventually continued to come here for our Mexican food fix. The waiters are very attentive and spoiled us with their delicious chips & salsa. The waiters do not hesitate to give us more chips after we finish our first basket. The food was fresh and fairly priced for the portion. The tables & silverware were clean and the ambience is very casual. I can imagine this place great for birthday celebration. I will definitely be coming back to explore more of the menu.
5	So good!Really, everything here was just so darn delicious, I can't wait to go back. I think the only thing I have seen done 'better' elsewhere is some restaurants have homemade chips, but this is such a trivial thing that is doesn't affect my review at all. The complimentary salsa was wonderfully flavorful and the bean dip was the best I ever had. (I never really understood why beans were served with the chips - who ate that stuff? - until I ate here, and then I couldn't stop eating it!) While we were looking at the menu (the lunch menu), I noticed there was a choice of a complimentary sample of either salsas or toriados. The toriados was described on the menu as fried jalapenos, which didn't sound great, so we decided to ask for the salsas. But when the waiter came by, he automatically brought the toriadoes. When we told him we actually wanted to try the salsas instead, he said no problem, and brought us those as well. Winner! The toriados (which turns out to be both onions & jalapenos sauteed) were phenomenal, tender, delicious, (seriously might be the best sauteed onions ever) and the salsas were great fun to try, with different levels of spiciness, and all with their own flavors behind the heat.I ordered a combination plate with a chile verde (pork) enchilada, a chile relleno, and a chicken tamale. I was a little surprised that the pork was in chunks instead of shredded, but no worries, it was so tender it didn't matter. Delicious. I actually haven't had a chile relleno before, so I can't really compare it to others. It wasn't my thing - I guess I am not a fan of the breading. But it was still pretty good. And I immensely enjoyed the tamale. It did not have cheese in it, which might disappoint some people, but this made it perfect for me. My husband ordered steak fajitas, and he said they were phenomenal.We did also order two rounds of margaritas, rocks, no salt. I know some reviewers thought they were too strong or tasted like pure tequila, but we loved them. The first round was perfectly mixed, but as it was made with standard tequila, it was a little sharp (as expected). We had the second round made with one of the premium tequilas, and it was divine.The service was great, and I enjoyed the decor. I liked the bits of hand-painted vines on the walls, and the artwork for each booth. I had been wanting to try Viva Mercados for a long time because of the great reviews, and I am only disappointed that I didn't eat here sooner. Like I said before: so good!
4	YAHOOOOOO!!!! Viva Mercado is back! We've been devout fans for YEARS and were so bummed when it closed. Of course we were hopeful that the menu, service and food quality we love hadn't changed. It hasn't. Fideo soup, bean dip and chips & awesome salsa came with a smile. Margaritas were jamming and our favorite items were just as delicious as before. I have to say, the new location is great- updated, clean and comfortable.Thank you Viva Mercado- we are so glad you're back!
5	My husband comes from LA and is Hispanic, so when it comes to Mexican food, he can be picky. This restaurant passed with flying colors! Like other reviewers have noted, the chips and salsa were fantastic. The fideo soup that came with our meals was also a favorite. My husband said it reminded him of soup his mother made on cold days at home. Our entrees were plentiful and tasty and we appreciated the sweet treat at the end.Apart from the delicious food, I think what made this place awesome was the service. It was the fastest I've ever had, super friendly, and on point. My husband even did a small test by downing is soda right after it was refilled. Within 10 seconds someone had come to refill it. Everyone who passed by were helping with refills, whether it be drinks or chips and salsa, little waiter things, and even the bill. Instead of one waiter we had a village and it made a pleasant experience. Thanks Viva Mexicana!!
1	Until today, this was one of my husbands and my favorite restaurants. We came in for Sunday Brunch with our 4 month old baby. We were having a nice time until a Mariachi band came through the door. Another table had booked this band for themselves. The band proceeded to play and sing so loud that our meal together was effectively over. The baby started screaming and cowering because the music was hurting her ears and I couldn't hear a word my husband was saying. Other tables of diners looked very unhappy as well. The manager offered to move us but I told him it wouldn't have made a difference, the music was so loud. I had to take the baby outside multiple times and my husband had to eat alone. I kept trying to come back inside to the table but the loud music would drive me back out again. I explained to the manager one of the times I came back in that it had ruined our meal, hurt the baby, and it was not okay. I understand that those people who hired the band were trying to do something nice for each other but the restaurant shouldn't have allowed it to upset the other guests. They didn't ask the band to take it down a notch, didn't apologize, and charged us full price for a ruined meal. We won't be back due to the way they allowed our experience to be ruined and didn't even attempt to make it right.
5	In spite of the fact that I wrote a scathing review of Viva Mercado's shortly after their reopening in their newest location, I'm revising because Bobby has made sure that positive changes were made.  The food has greatly improved since my early 2014 review. It's just like I remember it if not better, and I'm back to ordering on a regular basis again. I'm glad I didn't give up on them because they do listen to their customers' concerns and I thank them for that.
5	Great service as well as food! Came here for my birthday and had their carne asada burrito. It was so huge I can't believe I finished it. The service was absolutely amazing. I couldn't finish a soda without them refilling it. I look forward to my next visit.
5	Went there this past Tuesday. I was very impressed with  the decor as soon as I walked in. The service was outstanding to say the least.  Then there was the food. I had the chili verdi.  It was awsome, or as we would say where  I grew up, wicked pissa.  This is one place  I will frequent again. And,I will be sure to pass the word on to my friends
5	This is still my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas,  and now my office is just a few steps away. I ate here today with some others from our Keller Williams office,  and I enjoyed it yet again. The service is always amazing,  and the food is incredible.  Can't wait to go again!!
5	Hands down in my top 3 best Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas! For sure #2 and maybe even #1 once I try ALL entrees. The tacos and enchiladas are excellent. Bean dip before the dinner that comes is super tasty. I ordered two bowls of it.Strawberry marguerites are fruity but stiff if you know what I mean. Customer service here is absolutely great. Couldn't of been taken care of any better.VIVA viva mercados!!!!! Great place for parties and private event dinners!!!!
