3	I give Pink spot three stars for a mixed experience. The boy had a vanilla milkshake that was out of this world delicious, but my coffee ice cream tasted weird and left me cold. (no pun intended) It's pretty sad when the best part of the ice cream cone is the out-of-a-box mass produced cone. I am not a big ice cream person anyway so I suppose one could assume that my experience was directly related to that, but I don't think it was. The staff had no idea what they were doing (note: train staff prior to putting them on shifts all by themselves) and I thought the prices were a little on the steep side for the quality of the product. They do, however, get a few bonus points: +1 for a fairly cute decor+1 for having chocolate covered frozen bananas. I hate the things, but it isn't something you'll find at most ice cream joints.
5	I went here with a friend yesterday after seeing the article in the paper.  Very cute, fun place.  The ice cream was great.  Rich and creamy.  I thought the small scoop was huge (the menu says a single scoop is 1/4 of a pound!).  If it weren't so hot out, I could have easily saved some to take home for later.  The Kona Coffee ice cream was out of this world.  Real Kona . . . not that generic coffee ice cream you get at other places.  I think I had this hawaiian brand when I was in Kauia.  It was good then and good now.  Prices were no different it seemed than other places like Cold Stone and those fancy gelato places. . . $3 for a 4 ounce scoop.  My friend had a sundae. Wow, it was huge with 2 scoops (1/2 pound?) ice cream, fudge, whip, cherry, nuts for like $5.
4	Very good!  I came here yesterday because I was at atmosphere salon and noticed that the ice cream spot I have been waiting to open is now finally open.  I made the mistake of getting 2 scoops which was HUGE!  I did not read the menu like the other reviewers because I was in a hurry.  I got the coconut sorbet which was awesome and the chocolate chip (with dark chocolate chips).  I really enjoyed them both.  So refreshing!  This is a great alternative to my old stand by Mary Coyle so I will definitely be back.
5	Are you kidding me?   A gourmet ice cream shop was EXACTLY what the doctor ordered for this Central Phoenix restaurant-rich area.   With ZPizza right next door, I could just move in and never leave.   YUM.
5	I loved the Pink Spot.  I have been there a few times already.  The first time I had to try the Kona Coffee ice cream.  It was delicious and so I got it in a shake and walked around Roosevelt during First Friday cooling off with my delicious shake.  I, being the coffee addict that I am, went back for another shake a few days later.  Oh my, it is delightful.  A couple of weeks later my husband and I were lunching at Z Pizza and walked through the doorway connecting the two and got the Kona Mint Sundae.  It is a scoop of Kona (my favorite) and Mint Chocolate Chip (his favorite) with hot fudge & whipped cream.  It was perfect for sharing and was a tasty end to our meal.  Also, they have a really neat lamp hanging up at the end of the counter by the register that looks like white mesh tubes tangled together.  I was really interested in it so I asked the girl behind the counter where it came from.  The owner was sitting at one of the tables so we talked about it.  He even told me where he bought it in (a store up near Kierland Commons) and we had a nice little conversation about the design.  Pink Spot has a couple of new fans....
3	I actually kind of think is deserves less than 3 stars for some things, but more than four stars for others. Pink Spot is close to my house and I love the flavors they TRY to offer but...That being said, all the ice cream was very freezer burnt. I was so sad. I went to Pink Spot ready to mad dog a giant chocolate chip walnut crunch double hot fudge sundae, but it just wasn't good enough for mad dogging. It was just overall meh so I ate responsibly. The hot fudge was really good though.They were actually out of whip cream so that made things a little worse. But wait... about halfway through my sundae the ice cream scooper chick came up to me and was like " I found some whip cream." So I guess bonus points for that.I guess I'll be back for round two. Oh and $6 for an ice cream? Really?
2	The ice cream was overly sweet, gummy, and lacked anything but a passing resemblance to its alleged flavor. There was, however, a lot of it. No joke. Order the kid size unless you want an ice cream blob the size of the Hindenburg.
3	Update. Holy crap - went back and ordered two scoops of ice cream. Instead was given world's biggest blob of ice cream in a huge cup. Which is good or bad, depending.
4	I was feeling down yesterday--I needed a fix, and fast. Fortunately, as I was driving east on Thomas, what should appear on the right but a new pusher shop for what I'm addicted to--chocolate ice cream. I quickly ducked into the tidy little Pink Spot and looked over the selections, looking to feed my addiction.I settled on the old reliable, made from dark roasted cocoa beans sez the tag, to satisfy my craving. [sorry, I'm just not into coffee ice cream, thanks anyway!!] The nice lady crammed a humongous scoop of the Dark Cocoa Brown confection on a plain cone [my fave!], and she even put the whole thing into a cup for me so I could drive off with my fix. That said--the selection is kind of thin, it's like a Fresh & Easy version of an ice cream joint. It's in the old Willo candle store, so you know there's gonna be at least some parking. $2.95 for a big scoop of ice cream was a bit stiff IMHO, but when you're jones'ing for an icy chocolatey treat, no cost is too high.Next time I'm gonna try a sundae...looks like there's plenty of chocolate fudge sauce for my addictive cravings.
3	My sister and I headed over here last week and I have to say, I was a little mixed about our visit.When we first walked in, there was no one there. Literally. We were eye'ing the ice creams for almost 5 minutes before the server drifted in from the Z Pizza side.I had the Pink Spot sundae with two ginormous scoops of kona coffee and hot fudge. The ice cream was meh, but the hot fudge was very good and served in generous portion. My sister had the low-fat coffee with ribbons of chocolate and she raved.The prices weren't outrageous considering the serving size; just one week before I spent three dollars more for the same exact thing at Mary Coyle's.I wasn't overly impressed with the ice cream, but they get props for always having at least one low fat, sugar free, or sorbet offering.It probably wouldn't be my first choice for ice cream, but because they are in the neighborhood they get a gold star for convenience!
4	are people below complaing becuz they got a huge scoop?? wow.Went here after going to Z pizza next door. The  ice cream was very good and you get a good serving. order 2 different flavors and both where very good. shared with wife.My only complaint is not many choices.
5	Don't get two scoops!One scoop is all you need - especially if you get it in a cone.  I had some delicious coffee-flavored thing and my husband had something vanilla-y with chocolate bits.  The location is great, the decor is a bit much, but fun, and the ice cream is pretty darn good.Hooray.  An ice cream shop in the neighborhood.
2	So we wandered in here after having Z Pizza.. whats funny is Z Pizza is all about organic and fresh and this place is not.. it used to be the milk would travel form the US to Hawaii where they'd make the ice cream then ship it back to the US for sale. Now I think its all just made in California. They really should consider a different supplier.. sorry but Dryer's Grand is actually a step up from their product. We tried the vanilla yogurt and scraped it off into the garbage.. pretty horrible!!! The Blueberry Cheesecake was alright but again Dryer's version actually tastes better.. harsh, huh? The girl behind the counter was so sweet though.. Next time I'll skip this place and just head to Safeway.. a half gallon of Dryer's Grand is under 6 bucks, tastes better and will serve at least 6!
4	Yum Yum Yum. went out to dinner with my roomie and figured we would get some ice cream at Pink Spot on the way back downtown. the place is hyper-pink in a sugery to the eyes way. we both got a scoop in a cup, because the cones looked large..and i wanted to try the ice cream..not make a meal of it.i got Chocolate Peanut-Butter....well because i love peanuts. whole, halved, mashed into butter, stuffed into cup, umm. or frozen with chocolate ice cream. yay! my roomie got PIstachio. she said it was good, and i tried it. wow she was right it was good. the pistachios were good. i don't know if Egyptian Pistachios are different then the ones you can get at sprouts. but it was damn good.we sat outside and it was nice out. 2 cups of ice cream, 6 bucks. i don't feel robbed or disappointed. just satisfied.  i give it a thumbs up, and 4 stars.
4	I stopped by the pink spot after eating at  Z pizza. This place is super bright and cheery and great patio seating.  My beau and I had the ice cream sandwiches in the case. They are the perfect size to crave that sweet tooth. I had the strawberry flavor with a soft cookie surrounding the ice cream. Summer can't get any better than that!
5	After a day at Encanto park the kids (and the wife) wanted ice cream. After doing a quick search in Google maps via iPhone I found Pink Spot. It felt more like a coffee shop than an ice cream shop which I loved. It had leather couches and chairs as well as the typical table and chairs. They're also connected to a pizza joint so you have lots of options as far as food, drinks, dessert.The ice cream selection seemed to be in line with a Baskin Robins with a few unique flavors of their own. One of my favorite things was that they had an espresso machine and advertised lattes and coffee drinks as part of their regular menu. They even have happy hour with $1 lattes after 6 pm. Oh yeah and free wifi!!Overall a very awesome place for a tasty treat. Check it out!
5	I stopped in to Pink Spot again last week and was pleasantly surprised to see some changes.  They've added a full barista and are offering $1 lattes from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. everyday to help spread the word.  Though I paid full price, since I was in in the afternoon, the latte was GREAT.  The espresso beans are locally roasted and are apparently the same bean Lux uses, though I think Lux roasts them themselves.  For $3, it was a deal, compared to the sucky coffee you get at Starbucks.  The place has been updated with a couch/leather chairs, work tables & free wi fi.  They've also changed ice creams.  It tasted just as good as before.  I guess they were having delivery & quality issues with the hawaiian ice cream.  The baristas are great . . . recognize them from the old, old Willo House.  Worth a trip.
1	When this place first opened I was so excited to have an ice cream store close by and one that I could walk to.  They served Lapperts ice cream, which is delicious!  However, the last time I went I found that they had changed ice cream brands.  The flavors were not as good and the ice cream was definitely not as rich and creamy as Lapperts.  So needless to say I was disappointed and won't be returning.
4	Pink Spot not only has a cool atmosphere but  giant scoops and amazing cones as well.  The freezer display case filled with frozen bananas, chocolate dipped cheesecake, ice cream sandwiches, and frozen tacos will be a huge motivator to get me to visit again.
4	This Review is based on the yummiest frozen chocolate banana I have had in  awhile.  So delicious!  thanks Pink Spot for being open on a Sunday afternoon when there isn't other place close  or open! Oh and I love all the pink.
2	OK decor, CenPho location and decent ice cream.  That pretty much wraps up my feelings except for exceedingly slooooooow service.  In defense of the counter staff, there's only been one person working every time I've gone and I'm inevitably behind a large group ordering multiple sundays.  I'm probably better off going to AJs or Fresh & Easy for gelato.
2	We stopped in here tonight to grab some kona coffee ice cream draped in hot fudge and there were a few issues, so I'm deducting one star. 1) They had a small acoustic group performing that was 70's wonderful but they were so loud we literally had to scream our orders to the staffer. 2) The staffer was either new, or short bus special, because we had to tell him that the whole point of ordering a sundae was to get the toppings (he didn't offer and I wasn't paying $5.25 for two scoops of ice cream). 3) The previously larger than life scoops have experienced significant shrinkage. They really aren't even normal size scoops anymore. 4) Some how my $5.25 sundae came out to $6.27 after tax. I know AZ is experiencing a budget crisis, but there is no way that taxes have gone up that much, so I must conclude that I was overcharged. 5) The place was so full of Zpizza customers listening to the music that there was literally nowhere to sit, unless we went to the noticeably empty pizza side. The result was not only a complete invasion of my personal space (I simply don't like rubbing up against strangers just to get to the counter unless I'm at a bar) but it also created a really strange odor comprised of pepperoni and sugar... far from appetizing. All in all, the visit was a complete disappointment - but the band was great.
4	Despite the fact that the name could certainly be misconstrued as an innuendo (I can't be the only one thinking this), Pink Spot is a lovely little shop with some delicious cones. I love that the flavors differ every day, so it's always a game time decision as far as what you're going to get. Sure, your chocolate, vanilla and strawberry will always be there, but what about pistachio? Or kona coffee? (Delicious, by the way). I highly recommend their brownies, too. Get that brownie sundae. That thing has a big ass brownie surrounded by a flavor explosion of scoops, fudge, nuts, cherries and delicious whip. You can't go wrong. I'll take a star away because there tends to be long waits (boo hoo), but ain't it cool that it's connected to zPizza? A slice and a sundae? I'm in heaven!
2	I was not overly impressed with Pink Spot. I went there on a Saturday night with some friends and it took us forever to get our ice cream. We all ordered cones except for one of us. They didn't have a ton of flavors to choose from, although they did have some interesting options like Birthday Cake and Root Beer Float so they get a point for that.The portions are very large but the ice cream itself is just okay. I had the chocolate peanut butter and I have to say the chocolate peanut butter at Baskin Robbins is better.I would not go out of my way to visit Pink Spot again.
3	Pink Spot is a cute place.It's lacking in variety of ice cream flavors though, they have more coffee options than ice cream.The ice cream is decent, but grocery store quality.My husband really liked the root beer ice cream.The prices are ok, you do get a lot.It's very centrally located and adjoins with Z Pizza so that is kind of nice.  (Although if I'm getting pizza, it's going to be Mamma Mia's!!)Pink Spot has bike racks!
4	How about G Spot baby!? These little ice cream sammies, are not so little actually, and have always hit my G Spot! Get your mind outta the gutter my yelpitas! By G Spot, I mean Goodie Oh So Goodie Spot. And ice cream always hits that spot. The cookies are first rate and the ice cream, while no Marble Slab or Cold Stream Creamery, makes those packaged Nestle Tollhouse numbers at the QT quiver in dairy shame! I've been here a few times an hour or so before closing and they're already swabbing the deck and having the "we're closing in 50 minutes vibe, so go to Safeway and get some Ben and Jerry's"...hate that! And hope my staff doesn't give off that aura. Tonight I had a ZPizza delivered WITH Pink Spot yummies and Mr. Gonzales and I are very happy. And full. So four stars to ice cream sammies DELIVERED in Phoenix. Come on, how cool is that?
5	I first reviewed Pink Spot when it was first open, and was all about ice cream.   Since then they have made little incremental changes here and there, and WHEEE!  it's gotten even better.   Coffee & Espresso at really great prices, and a wide variety of interesting drinks.  Very skilled baristas and very high quality beans... one shot keeps me buzzing all day!   They are open at 6 am and don't close until 9pm or later most days now.   And - cool - just pull up and beep, and there's curbside service.   (I have to admit, that feels a bit too lazy to me, so I can't do it; but I suppose if I was trying to get some work done in the car, it would be convenient!)    But if your office is nearby - DELIVERY!!!!  Can Starbucks do THAT?  I don't theeeenk so!Another great add:  free live music some evenings!   I've stopped in several times to ZPizza next door and discovered there was a great little band playing at Pink Spot - sometimes REALLY AWESOME music.  In fact one time, went in to pick up my ZPizza to go, planning my lonely night in front of the TV at home... pleasently listening to the Beatles playing on the sound system. . . but  I went to get my lemonade, WHAT?!!!  It was three guys playing live, covering John Paul & George perfectly - awesome!    I've found at Pink Spot they are always innovating, so even if you didn't dig it the last time you were in, check it out again.   I think you'll like it.   I'm really glad they are smack-dab in between work and home for me, it's a frequent stop!
3	I was really looking forward to their version of the choco tacos and was severely dissappointed, so maybe that skews my perception of this place... But the choco "shell" was so thin that I couldn't take a bite without it falling all over the place. I really didn't like the ice cream all that much either. I think I would surprisingly choose to go to Baskin Robins over this place, since I LOVE their flavors. But they had good customer service, and the kids seemed to love it (but what ice cream DON'T they like?!).
4	I went to this nice ice cream story last night with my cousin, and while it is nothing special, yet the ice cream was good.  I had the Pitsacho almond with sugar cone.  It is a good internet cafe too, not a whole lot of people.  Friendly atmosphere, price was right.
2	How in God's name can ice cream be boring? I'm not sure, but this place manages to do it. I've had a few different flavors, and it's generic, flavorless, flat, monotonous, and blah all around. Oh yeah, and not super cheap either.... mmm no thanks.
5	I LOVE THE Pink Spot!  IT is so cute inside and smells soooooo good! the staff is ALWAYS nice! The ice cream is to die for, where else can you get a home made ice cream taco or cookie sandwich, chocolate covered bannana, and bond bonds.... Last night I had my first European Sunday! YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
5	I knew I wasn't trippin' when I saw a skinny, dancing banana at the house party I went to last night, A. because I was sober (boooo), and 2. because it was Halloween. But today, right in the middle of a post Halloween funk/Sunday blues combo, I started to wonder if maybe I was slipped something last night, when Mr. Incredible who was there too, greeted me at Pink Spot. To protect his identity I won't say who it was, but the tomato, egg, bacon, avocado sandwich with chipotle mayo, sprouts and American cheese on wheat bagel he made me, truly hit the spot, and the mocha was just what I needed to lift me out of my forlorn state. It's a good thing they have free wi-fi here, because that's why I'm yelping. I'm going to go ahead and throw a solid five stars at these guys because they genuinely accomplished something that trumps, taste, price or ambiance; they served up a generous helping of good humor. And it wouldn't hurt to up their star count a little after that dreadful Megan D imposed her two stars. Who does she think she is anyway, trolling around Phoenix handing out miserable reviews? Wait... go back to that happy place Dugaldo. Happy place. Pink Spot.
4	Confections? Check.Ice Cream? Check.Coffee drinks? Check.Baked goods? Check.Candy coated coffee flavored ice cream stuffed baked goods...? Well, yeah.  Check!We'd actually eaten our Z Pizza slices from next door/room at a table in the Pink Spot's space, mostly because the tables are much bigger and little Claire was elated and engaged with playing some of the board games available therein. (Mind you, her rules for checkers equated to "I win, Mikey loses", but I played anyhow, having not seen her in such a long time.)After our pizza dinner, as we sat there catching up on Yelpiness, SBCness, Bay Area-ness, Lynn and I sipped away at Pumpkin Spice Lattes while Claire enjoyed a scoop of Cotton Candy Ice Cream...Its a cute place and a sweet-tooth's playland. Just as well, the place is perfectly suited for collegiate or studious crowd with bright lights, comfortable lounge chairs, roomy tables, and open wi-fi.  Plus, if the mountainous availability of sugar and caffeine doesn't do it for you, there's a pizza joint attached next door.If there were a wicked witch hiding in the back, awaiting an unwitting Hansel and Gretel, I woudn't be surprised; the stock and wares venture in almost every sweet direction, not specializing or capitalizing on any one sugary thing. Before leaving, I picked up a few things for dear Lynn and Claire as well as my gracious hosts back at the apartment.Ice Cream Cookie Sandwiches.  Frozen Chocolate Dipped Cheesecakes.  Pints of Coffee Ice Cream. Oh my oh my oh my!_________________________________They had "The Pink Spot" tees, tanks, and trucker hats.Almost bought something for the bestie, but opted not to.She said she would have gotten a kick out of it. Next time...
5	About three times a week I drive by this adorable little coffee shop, wanting nothing more than the time to pull over and sip some morning coffee. This  morning, my dream came true :)Parking was a cinch, the diagonal parking spaces are perfect for pulling in.Upon entering, my eyes were having a feast. Pink counters, adorable tables, pretty displays, the works! Everything to the menu had been creatively made pretty. This is my kind of coffee shop, girly prettiness all over :)I ordered my coffee and surprise, surprise, the barista was NICE. In this world of evil eye emo baristas there is one that is bright eyes and happily making coffee.. Hip hip hooray! I just must add a note that this place was incredibly clean and organized, goodness it was a dream :)They have two dollar lattes, yes it is true! So if you are in the neighborhood and need your caffeine fix, this might be a place to lift your spirits pre and post coffee drinking :)
5	this place is overly cute, with a modern yet retro soda shop feel. just had some pizza next door and this sweet treat hit the spot. too bad i'm so freaking lactose intolerant....after such a great dark, white, and milk chocolate mix, my belly was a mess. but it was worth it. just under 3 bucks for a small, but by no means was this small. great place, great service, great price.....
3	First let me start by saying - for a climate like ours, this town is lacking the good old classic ice cream stops. This place is just that. First - location is great for those that live or work downtown. Second- the hours are great, while there may be better frozen treats in the downtown area, this place is more accessible because it is open when you want to go. Second the ice cream is really good - just the classic good stuff that you want on a Friday night or a Monday afternoon (aka anytime of the day). My only bad comment - is that while the ice cream cookie sandwiches are good (good ice cream + tasty cookies), I wish they were made fresh to order. Because they sit in the freezer the cookies get cold and the ice cream becomes air dried. All in all - good place to go when you just want a good old fashioned scoop of ice cream.
5	We came here to satisy my sweet tooth and given that I am done with Mary Coyle. I had only been here once before to get coffee and always meant to come back. Boy, am I glad I did! After dinner, the four of us took a walk down to Pink Spot. I took a look at their menu online so I knew what I wanted. I ordered the one scoop Black-n-White sundae but substituted Mint Choco Chip ice cream. It was great. The girl layered the brownie, hot fudge, and mint chocolate all the way to the top of the cup and topped it with whipped cream and nuts. I loved the multiple layers. We also got a chocolate covered banana for my husband (which caused endless jokes from me...could NOT resist!), and two kids' ice cream scoops. The total? $11. Pretty shocking given I just spent a little over $8 for one regular ice cream sundae the other night at Mary Coyle. Everything was really good and the best part was we could burn calories walking to and from Pink Spot. On the way out of this place, my husband noticed that they do bagel boxes (dozen bagels) for about $13 so I'll definitely need to come here when I want to bring bagels for the office. I would much rather support the local business than go to Einstein's for bagel buckets.
5	I love the flavor & texture of the ice cream. The portions are generous! And the hot fudge is very good although the time I went it could have been bit hotter.
4	Cute ice cream place in central Phoenix!  The staff is extremely friendly and it has a nice selection of ice cream.
4	Where Pinkie Danced.....It's 10:30 P.M. on Friday, October 1.  We got an ice cream cone at Pink Spot, open  'til 10 P.M.  Those are important words in central Phoenix on Friday night.  Not only did we get ice cream, but I walked past people sitting out front at the cafe tables, sitting inside on the sofas, and sitting at the big table.  Friends, lovers, mates, maybe neighbors.  All talking, enjoying each other's company, the ambiance, and the treats.  A fine fall evening in central Phoenix.  The Pink Spot can't be mentioned without a word on it's tomato sauce and cheese slathered siamese twin, Z Pizza.  The Z was open, the lights bright, and if I wanted pizza, I could have some.  There's plenty of tables in the Z for overflow from the Pink.Most of central Phoenix shuts down after work, rolls up the sidewalks, driving home to Gilbert, Buckeye or Anthem.  It's a great thing to have a cozy, chatty evening spot with great ice cream and ice cream treats, and former Starbucks baristos steaming up all they bring to the coffee arts.  Pink Spot's a people magnet. Did I mention way-to-work breakfast meals, and again, coffee?  They open at 7 A.M.  Give yourself a little wait time and the Pink Spot will take care of your hunger and caffeine needs, sending you happily energized and your fast broken down the road of life.  Phoenix is trying to coax its central core into a more vibrant, attractive, alive-at-night city.   The Pink Spot is one of the places that's starting to happen.  About 9:50, the last trash bag hits the dumpster and by 10 you'll have to go somewhere else, like going home and Yelp*ing.  Maybe Pink Spot would consider staying open until 11 P.M. on Friday and Saturday nights - in the Fall, Winter and Spring.  Then  I might bring Sweet D by on a date.
5	Sundae for Sunday.Pink spot helps me go through the summer heat.
4	Visited for the first time on 11/10/10 around 6pm. The place was empty when we first entered though a group of people came in shortly afterwards.Overall the place was clean, comfortable and very inviting. The server was helpful and accepted the coupon we had brought in for coffee (buy one get one free). I ordered a 12oz soy milk latte (yes they had soymilk!!) but was disappointed to find out that they were no longer serving yogurt ice cream - I opted to try their blackberry sorbet. My husband had a 16oz Iced Americano and a frozen chocolate covered banana.I thoroughly enjoyed the soy latte, it was very delicious and filling! The sorbet was also very tasty and fresh. I asked for two scoops when I ordered it and it came in a rather large cup. I did not finish it all as it was just too much for me to eat. I suggest that you plan on sharing if you order 2 scoops! My husband liked his americano and frozen banana and wanted to go back for seconds.We are hoping to return soon for some more delicious coffee and to try their waffles and ice cream cookies (they looked so inviting!)
3	Standard ice cream place.  Cute spot, I thought the ice cream sandwiches were way too sweet.  (Otis Spunkmeyer cookies sandwiched with ice cream).  But they have frozen bananas!
5	Love that this is an independent ice cream and coffee place. Love the glass menu boards. Love the fact that a pink gorilla is an option at your party at the Pink Spot. We ate our pizza from next door at Z Pizza in here at lunch. It seemed a little more mellow. Wifi is available here. There were a few suits with laptops sitting around, but it was the lunch hour, so not prime time for ice cream or coffee, so not crowded.After lunch, I got a latte, and my girlfriend had huckleberry ice cream. From across the room as we were eating our lunch, the server seemed the classic goth/emo kinda kid. Black hair in his face, tragic expressions, more black eyeliner than an Alice Cooper concert, etc. A little old lady ordered from him and was not pleased with his appearance and made no attempt to hide her disdain. He put up with her civilly but it was evident that he was not that into this rude woman either. When we stepped up to the counter, conversation with this kid was easy. He was genuinely friendly, conversational and his service was A+. Don't really know what that lady's problem was, but you know the type.He made a perfectly good latte, scooped up the ice cream and we chatted for a few minutes. My girlfriend decided to buy a brown foam trucker hat with the Pink Spot logo on it and wore it out of the shop. Side note, at my place later that day, my 15 year old nephew stopped by and was so stoked by the hat that we gave it to him. 15 year old boy, trucker hat that says "Pink Spot"....you do the math. Great experience in customer service, quality coffee, good ice cream and local business.  Go there
5	This has definitely become our go-to ice cream place! We love the local feel.  It's neat that they have both couches and regular tables to sit at. The people working there are super friendly and super helpful. Oh, and the ice cream is fantastic. :) My favorite was during the holiday season when they had pumpkin pie ice cream!!! Why, oh why, can't that be a year-round flavor?!Anyway, did I mention they deliver??? An ice cream place that delivers? Are you serious? I think my life may be complete now! I think we're just outside their delivery range, sadly. But it's still cool!
4	Got "The Clucker" - a bacon and egg sandwich with arugula greens, cheddar and mayonnaise on a plain bagel - with a "Yin Yang" latte (dark chocolate/white chocolate combo). The sandwich was excellent and very fresh though I'm not a fan of bitter arugula leaves. However, no real complaints. The latte was a bit bitter but I think that's because it was dark chocolate syrup instead of milk choco - I'll ask for that next time. Very decent pricing for being a local shop - unlike too many coffee places down town. Also enjoyed the quirky decor. Wish I had tried to ice cream as I hear it's excellent.
3	I am slightly confused as to what this place is.Is it a coffee shop? yes.Is it an ice cream parlor? well..yes.Is it an antechamber for the hair salon upstairs? kinda.Seemingly the Pink Spot *giggle* is trying to be a few things at once, and vaguely succeeding at those goals.I like the Pink Spot *giggle* for a number of reasons:-location-convenience-ambience-selectionIn all honestly it isnt the best coffee shop that the area offers, but It's another option- and that my friends, is a corner stone of capitalism: consumer choice.Now I won't be making the Pink Spot *giggle*, my local haunt, that spot belongs to Lola, and I would never cheat on my beloved tranny. But for those special nights when I get the strange urge for simultaneous brain freeze and a scalded tongue, i'll go down on the Pink Spot...*giggle*
4	5 Stars for Service and 3 Stars for Quality and Selection.A little Ice Cream,  a little Coffee, a few baked treats....just a little bit of everything....except pineapple.....Pineapple you ask?  Why yes...I had a hankering for a Malt and my favorite flavor is Pineapple. Usually I go to Sonic or Dairy Queen, so I pulled out my handy dandy Yelp Android App and did a search for Shakes nearby.  The closest stop was the Pink Spot.I figured most ice cream shops typically carry pineapple as a topping for Sundaes.  I told the lady I was craving a Malt in my favorite all time flavor, Pineapple and asked if it was possible for her to make it.  The barista preceeded to tell me that she had no pineapple ice cream.  I quickly responded, "You don't need pineapple ice cream, how about vanilla ice cream and pineapple?"  But she had no pineapple either. WHHHAAA?!  After a few moments of contemplating just leaving or a malt of Chocolate, Vanilla or one of the fruits they did have (bananas, peaches, mixed berry or strawberry)  The quick thinking barista, asked me to wait as she went next door into Z Pizza. She had an idea.This is where the Service went from 3 stars to 5.  After a few minutes she came back with 2 little cups of pineapple. "I remember they use pineapple for some of their pizzas," she stated. Color me impressed with her out of the box thinking.  My Friday funk was lifted as I walked out of the shop with my Pineapple malt, so excited that it didn't taste like pizza I ran into a chair in the center of the shop.
3	This is a review for their breakfast not ice cream. We went here recently when the place we were heading to was closed and saw a sign that they do breakfast. Well I guess they do but frankly they don't really. They do the best an ice cream joint can which is just alright. Nice staff, decent surroundings but if you want a real breakfast head elsewhere.
4	I believe this is an ice cream store started in Hawaii. The Coconut Ice cream is to die for! I like Pink Spot. It is no longer convenient for me to go here but I miss it.( I used to live right down the street) I can go to Z- PIzza for a slice then have a nice treat here. The two are connected and owned by the same folks. Check it out.
4	This is a fun, comfy,  little place.  Ice cream is above-average, probably not the absolute best in town, but certainly good.  The "feel" is very good, and the people who work there are super-friendly.  You won't be disappointed.
3	The pros: a quick bike ride from my house, sells ice cream, birthday cake flavorThe cons: weak selection, no gelatoPink Spot sells some very tasty ice cream but has few flavors and isn't a gelato spot. I suppose that it's not really their fault that they sell ice cream instead of gelato but I really want a neighborhood gelato shop like I used to have back home.
2	ice cream is good, customer service is HORRIBLE! The chick with the Buddy Holly glasses apparently only likes to help the people she wants even though she actually acknowledged me and saw me come in, but decided she would rather help all the folks that came in after me then completely ignore me.
3	Lovely local ice cream purveyor in central Phoenix. Parking is tight and the space is a bit cramped but the product is spot on, as it were.  A group of us stopped in one Sunday afternoon and bought at least 8 pints of ice cream. I opted for mint chocolate chip because, hello, that is the best flavor ever. I also snagged a bite of my friend's rocky road which was fun too, and had a sample of the blueberry which was so creamy and intense that i almost changed my order. almost. Pink Spot should be recognized for the quality of their ice cream because it is lovely, creamy and a little gummy, as opposed to thin watery textured ice creams you find in chains.
5	I wanted to be conservative on giving 5-Star reviews out and wanted to save them for extravagant restaurants and experiences, but Pink Spot just strikes the right chord for a friendly and creative neighborhood Ice Cream shop. It has that real "local" feel that so many of us love so much as well as some amazing ice cream from a local creamery. So the ice cream isn't that same stuff you have had over and over. Even the classic flavors have a new little dance to them. oh...and they had LOBSTER ice cream this week!!! If I wasn't allergic, I would have been all over it! What I did have was their version of Mint Chocolate Chip and Cheesecake ice creams and a delightful little relaxation session on their comfy couch! Great little place.
4	OMG... I love this place! I'm not sure how long this place has been here but it's soooo awesome and the kicker is Z pizza is its neighbor and they are connected so you can grab a slice of pizza then go get ice cream or coffee or a latte. Simply fabulous for say a casual day time date the atmosphere is nostalgic and funky... oh and pink! Free wifi and cool tables and couches. Its places like this that are adding flavor to downtown phoenix where I just happen to live... Watch out mill avenue were coming for you in a bigger and better way!
4	I'm upgrading it by one star because while they have a very limited selection what is available is of stellar quality and flavor. I can't give them a full five though because they use the WORST SPOONS EVER. Seriously, they're so weak and flexible that you can't scoop your ice cream with them. What good is that? Get some proper spoons and you may revel in your five star glory. Until then, feel shame for your cheapness.
5	Excellent ice cream. Make sure you pay attention to the sizing though, as what's in the case for example, and what you get can be 2 different things. I ordered a waffle cone with a scoop expecting to get the little one, and ended up getting the XXL version with 2-3 scoops. I wasn't complaining.
4	Good spot for hanging out.  Favorite place... Good icecream! Pizza next door is so-so
4	I love the pink spot and if I would have known about it while I was in college, I would have come here to study. I've tried the ice cream sandwich and raspberry latte and they were both delicious.
4	I've been driving right by The Pink Spot for several months now, since I started a new job downtown.  I've been vaguely aware that it was there, but here comes the ridiculous part.  For the last week or so, they've had a pink gorilla dancing around on the sidewalk, enticing passers by to visit.  He dances like a maniac, is totally into the gig and I've been laughing every time I pass him each morning.So, this AM, I see that pink SOB up in the distance, and I actually succumb to this ridiculous "guerrilla" marketing.I'm glad I did.  Really cool coffee/breakfast/ice cream shop.  I got a latte, and a breakfast sandwich called a "clucker" or something like that.  Both were fantastic.  The place is nicely decorated, has free wifi, seemed clean and the hipster gal who helped me was nice.The service wasn't super quick, and I was the only one in there, so it might get interesting if it were crowded.  Not sure.Anyway - this is a cool little place to grab coffee/breakfast, and the rest of the reviews on here indicated that the ice cream is pretty insane.
5	This place serves the Phoenix area but has a small town feel once you step inside. It's a trendy cafe, a cute gourmet sandwich shop and relaxing chocolate shop all in one. There's couches and a TV if you want. They keep it off. They have games on a shelf and a game table. There's so much on the menu. The prices would be the same if you went to Starbucks (which I wouldn't). They have cheesecake on a stick and my husband got his favorite pineapple shake. The whole front of the shop is a window and it's nice to sit and watch the cars go by. My husband and I took the light rail into Phoenix just to go here. I had researched the place looking for a cool date and I found it. The coffee satisfies my "pink spot".
5	So delicious! Great ice cream flavors!  The employees are always super friendly and laid back as well.
4	Once I try a few more flavors, I will hold off on a 5 star. But so far, so good. I went there for yogurt, but "YELP" seems to have this incorrect, as they don't sell yogurt. Instead I bought icecream- Salted Caramel and Chai. Very good blend. Nice place to chill indoors or out. Also, has free wifi.
4	pros: cute place, good coffeewish they had... vegan ice cream and fair trade coffee
5	Terrific place! Two words: Chai Latte. Delicious! Best coffee drink I've ever had. The Clucker breakfast sandwich is awesome too.  Eggs, ham (or bacon or sausage) and cheese on a bagel is elevated to sublime by juicy tomato and peppery arugula. We have also gotten ice cream there.  The mint chocolate chip was very tasty with nice delicate mint flavor. Overall, a very cute place with exceptional coffee and food!
3	I scream for ice cream! This place is located in downtown Phoenix and is open until 10PM which is extremely hard to find! I was super stoked to see that they were open late even on a Sunday! They have a great space for indoor and outdoor seating, and they provide wifi. They have coffee, tea, sandwiches, ice cream, and other frozen desserts. I tried their frozen peanut butter which was really good, and their cookie ice cream sandwich. The cookie was hard and the ice cream was very messy. I wish they cookie was softer, but the ice cream was good. I also tried their Monster Cookie which was pretty good. I have yet to try any of their coffees or sandwiches, but I'm sure I'll be visiting more often.
4	Good ice cream and the frozen chocolate covered bananas are a real treat.
5	Best chai ever. Ever. I can't recall the name of the ice cream I got, I believe it was huckleberry...? But it was delicious. My family got the chocolate covered bananas and they were to die for.I've played several open mic nights at Pink Spot and the staff/management is always so kind.  Definitely my favorite spot in phoenix.
4	This place is a cute little gem.  Excellent service!!!  Just needs a little cleaning in between customers.  Table was a little bit sticky.  Red Velvet Ice Cream was da bomb...  It was cream, yummy, and just chocolaty.  Very good.
4	The BF and I got coffee here last night as part of the coffee tour of Phoenix!!. The coffee was alright, not too acidic, but not the most flavorful coffee, but the main reason for the 4 star review is they are open late and they deliver! How awesome! The people who work there were all friendly. The ice cream looked good...will have to try in the future.
4	It is beautiful out tonight, unusual after a week of intense heat, so I decided to go out in my neighborhood for a walk. As I walked by the Pink Spot that I had passed almost every day for the past few years, tonight decided to stop in. It had a very extensive ice cream, frozen bananas, chocolate covered bacon, and lot's of breakfast choices.I decided on a rocky road cone, and I was not disappointed. I hate to admit that I ate the whole thing, but I did and it was amazing. Wonderful service, very friendly, the best ice cream I have had in a very long time. I will make a point of going back.
5	Wicked-good frappe and espresso! We had Belgian waffles too... Off the chain. Service is super friendly and plenty of parking. Happy to find as we were traveling through phoenix.
3	I must admit I was excited to see a place like this in my area. After walking in everything looked nice and fresh, great I thought. I waited 5 min for someone to take my order, on a Sunday afternoon it looked as if  they only had one person working, but if it's good I thought it's worth the wait. I ordered "The vegi on an everything bagel with avocado" and an order of the "lox on a plain bagel" with a "chai latte" to go. When I get home I have a "chai latte" tasty...not bad, a"lox on a everything bagel" well ok I can live with that, and a "vegi NO avocado on a plain bagel" they both tasted great but after waiting 15 minuets for my order I was a little disappointed...I will go back and try again, hoping it was just "one of those days"
3	Two stars for the ice cream quality and one extra star because it's delivered. Love the idea, but every flavor I've had tastes like it's missing whatever crucial ingredient transforms good ice cream into great ice cream.Not a bad experience by far, but I would like to see them give a good polish to all of their current recipes.
4	It's all in what you order. The previous two ice creams I've had were not palatable. I could not finish my items. Third time's a charm (I don't believe in giving up!). Ordered a vanilla milk shake with peanut butter and hot fudge mixed in with a cheesecake on the stick for later. Both were just right. I'll keep coming back here in case there are more flavors I like!P.S. They had Maine Lobster flavored ice cream here last time I went.
5	George's chocolate banana shake... Stop OMG
5	Although, this is my first review on yelp, I can say that Pink Spot is great place in the downtown Phoenix area.  My girlfriend and I came on a Saturday late morning and had breakfast, which is served all day!  I had the the Clucker bagel sandwich and she had that Burrito.  Their coffee was pretty good, but ask for a syrup to sweeten.  We stayed for a few hours doing work on their free wifi and the staff was very accommodating.  There was a relaxed feeling and some pretty good music playing over their sound system.  We'll defiantly be back and update when we come back for the Ice Cream.
5	The Pink Spot is one of midtown's best-kept secrets. The coffee is flavorful and inexpensive. The ice cream is wonderful- ranging from traditional to eclectic (Pear and Gorgonzola, anyone? How about lobster?) And the food options, surprisingly enough, hold their own (even though they're attached to the fabulous Z-Pizza). The staff is always friendly and will create off-menu items if requested. I've spent a good deal of time chilling in their A/C, using their free wi-fi, and repeatedly returning to their counter to sample more menu items. I've never had a bad experience and I've been there often enough that it just seems strange.
4	An excellent local ice cream shop, perfect for eating dessert after Z Pizza!
4	Chocolate covered bananas....chocolate covered peanut butter balls...right next to a pizza joint?!  OMG.  I don't eat the ice cream here, but the other yummies are quite good.  Last time we went here, the kids wanted my peanut butter ball more than they wanted their ice cream...yes, it was that good!
2	I hope to try this place again. I have been here a few times. The first 2 were pretty good. Im a mocha girl, and they were really sweet. I like them to be strong. But this last time, I don't know what the girl working there was doing. Like maybe she just started...as in 5 minuted before I go there. ha! My mocha tasted like dung! Dooky dung that is! eww. I still was able to enjoy the ice cream though. Yes I was surely a little pig that day...ice cream and an iced mocha. riiiiight.
5	Two words: lobster ice cream.It's seasonal, and having tried it, I'm not sure it was actually a good idea... but a city needs a place where it's possible to order a lobster ice cream sundae with caramel sauce. For those wondering, the ice cream tastes cream-flavored and contains chunks of frozen lobster.Every other flavor I've tried here has been comparatively normal and quite delicious. The sundaes are made with generous amounts of sauce. There are sofas, as well as tables, and there are local magazines and free wifi. There is also an adjoining pizza shop, should calories be no object (and a hospital across the street, should a heart attack ensue).
4	I came here for the ice cream, and the ice cream is phenomenal! Turns out they also have coffee and food. Awesome! Some of the greatest local ice cream I have had. I no longer live down the block, but wish I did. I will visit any time I am near though!
3	I stopped in here for an iced peppermint mocha because I had heard good things on Yelp and it was on my way. I know, it's more of an ice cream place, but I heard the espresso was good and being lunch time, I opted to save the ice cream for another time. It was around 1pm on a Thursday that I stopped in, so right after the lunch rush. It wasn't really busy inside, but a group of three women were ahead of me and taking their sweet time trying to decide what to get. After about 10 minutes of fidgeting, it was finally my turn to order. The gal behind the display case was super sweet and really nice - even apologizing it had taken so long. She made my drink super-fast and asked me how it tasted. I commented it could use a little more peppermint, so she was happy to add some more to make it extra minty. It was good, but not my favorite. I couldn't really taste the espresso nor the mocha, but definitely could taste the peppermint. I also ordered a brownie, which was cake-like with fudgy frosting on top. The service was fantastic and I'll have to come back and try the ice cream.
5	This place is like a dream! The sweethearts that run the place make you feel at home. You can tell they love what they do!! DELICIOUS!! The sandwiches were great, and the Chocolate dipped bacon with sea salt was TBO good!! Consider me a regular.
4	Their ice cream makes me scream for more, but it's their cappuccinos that keep me coming back. The staff is super friendly and makes it a little less painful to cough up 3-4 dollars for a cap.
1	I was looking for a coffee joint in this area, and had passed about 20 Starbucks cruising around. Most of the time, I like to check out an independent place rather than hit up a chain. In this case, I ended up finding a Starbucks on my GPS after throwing my iced latte' from Pink Spot in the trash. Granted this seemed like a really cute place, in a funky-cool location, and I didn't have any ice cream. But this was simply AWFUL coffee! My wife's hot latte was terrible as well. Maybe it's a cool place, and maybe the ice cream is great. But, those coffee drinks were very bad, bottom line. Nope.
5	It's nice to find delicious ice cream! We really enjoyed the peanut butter & chocolate and the salty caramel in our waffle cone. Pretty good prices and nice ambiance too!
3	I went there for an event to meet new folks and it was just nice!  I had my pesto chicken wrap and it was not that really great. It has a nice enviornment close to downtown.
4	Tasty ice cream, service is pretty good. I can never finish my ice cream, but that's alright with me.
5	I love this place. With ZPizza next door, you can go for dinner and dessert.The Pink Spot is my favorite though, because they have breakfast food, from waffles to huge burritos to every coffee drink under the sun. Also smoothies, chocolate covered frozen bananas, and my favorite- chocolate covered frozen cheesecake on a stick.You can order online and pay with paypal. Any place that can deliver chocolate frozen cheesecake on a stick deserves 5 stars!
5	Had the Nutty Nut ice cream in a taco...yeah, that was good. Wife had the chai ice cream which was delicious as well. She didnt like the coffee too much but I don't know if they even charged us for it. Great place!
5	How could you not love this place? We order delivery ice cream and sundaes about once a week. Never a disappointment! The coffee and ice cream drink is to die for.
4	Went here every few months while I was pregnant - St Joes being right there... I at first thought I may have been hormonally predisposed to loving it, but went back recently & nope - it's just great. Perfect price, options for flavors, & atmosphere.
5	This place is a winner.  My husband had the ice cream taco and I had a chocolate frozen banana (so awesome that they sell these here!).  Both were great.Also, it's inexpensive and the staff working here are friendly (at least they were the night we visited).
5	just plain amazing! I come here a ton. freshmade waffle cones, ice cream tacos, cookie ice cream sandwiches, homemade ice cream and usually one or two sorbet offerings. They usually have one kind of kooky flavor - I tried "pear gorgonzola" and it was surprisingly tasty! I've also tried a peach habanero sorbet, also good stuff! For the less adventureous, they usually have a few offerings of various tasty chocolates, fruity, and cakey type flavors. The Calleibut (sp?) chocolate is to die for. I think they offer chocolate covered bacon but I haven't divulged yet. How could you go wrong anyway? It's chocolate covered bacon.
3	So, it's a local business; that's cool.I like finding out "stories" behind these one-off type places, so I asked the lady behind the counter to tell me about the ice cream. Apparently, it has a higher butterfat content than most ice creams and isn't made onsite, but by some folks in a nearby town or something. (Forgive the fuzzy memory, just wasn't too impressed with that).Anyway, I got a chocolate shake and it was all right. Certainly not worth the 6.50 I paid for what looked like 12 oz. or so, but live and learn and say it was better than it was to save face!The atmosphere is kinda hipstery, but it's nice. I may give it another try, but I'm not looking forward to it or anything.
4	I've been here twice. The first time I ordered the afogato (a scoop of ice cream in a bowl with a shot of espresso on top). I tried the salted caramel ice cream instead of the usual vanilla, and the flavor combo was great. I also sampled the pear/gorgonzola ice cream and it was a surprisingly fabulous combo!Second visit I tried the chai ice cream (delicious flavor and very creamy) in a waffle bowl. My mom had the mint grasshopper ice cream and she loved it. Both times the staff was friendly and the place was clean. I love the quirky decor, and the green menu board. Many things to choose from here. I will be back!
4	A must visit in this hot weather, with all the old school style icecream parlor with a modern coffee shop flair.
5	Holy Amazing.I just tried this place for the first time...and I live about 2 blocks away...I feel a larger pants size coming in the near future.The 2 girls working were very friendly and attentive, and actually offered some suggestions, samples, and info about their frequent customer deal.  We ended up getting chocolate covered bananas, cheesecake, and bacon!  Yes, it was a splurge day.  All were good, but frozen bananas will always be my favorite.  I can't wait to try their coffee, I am a coffee fiend so I'm excited to have a local place so nearby.  The sample of the coffee ice cream was dangerously good.  I'm smiling just thinking about going there again.Thank you for opening such a cool place.
3	Pink Spot is a cute ice cream shop with good ambiance. The clerk was friendly and let sample everything I wanted. The shop has a limited flavor selection but all the flavors I tried were good. It's good ice cream. It's a place I'd stop if I wanted ice cream and I was in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
4	If you're in the mood for some nonstandard desserts this is your place!  Frozen cheesecake, chocolate dipped bananas or chocolate dipped bacon to name a few. They have lobster ice cream today.  Did not try it but they always have something different.
5	I love the pink spot! They have the most ridiculous flavors in ice cream! They range from cotton candy- with little pieces of cotton candy chunks, to white chocolate macadamia to lobster. Their "normal" flavors are actually pretty limited- they're all deluxe and special. The best part is that the service is pretty much always amazing. The lady at the counter always remembers my boyfriend as the cotton candy fiend even if she hasn't seen him in months, and they are friendly. One of the girls managed to whip up a vegan smoothie for my vegan friend, because they didn't have that on the menu without complaint and without my friend really begging. I always try to bring my guests here for ice cream. None have been disappointed so far.
5	The Pink Spot is definitely my new spot for ice cream. I got an amazing brownie sundae there and it took me two days to eat it!  They also offer frozen bananas, which makes me feel like I'm at a Bluth Banana Stand (a la Arrested Development). AND! They deliver!
3	I really want to like this place a lot more than I actually do.The ice cream is good (not the best in town.)The coffee is good (not even close to the best in town.)The room is comfortable - but nothing that stands out as a draw for me.The novelties (ice cream sandwiches, chocolate bananas, several flavors of chocolate covered bacon, etc.) are pretty cool.I've been in a few times (mostly surrounding the plans of a dear friend's now ten year old daughter who loves the place) - and am sure I will be back in the future, but I don't see Pink Spot being a part of the heavy rotation list.
4	Love this place!   The only thing I don't like is the pace of the customer service...it's a lot slower than I would have expected from an ice cream shop.  The ice cream is melting!!!!  Hurry up!!!!
5	This place is so cute.  Love the chocolate banana milkshake.  And if you get a hankering, they share space with a pizza parlor!
5	This place hits the spot! Get it!Awesome seating with couches and high tops!Crazy selection of homemade treats like ice cream tacos made with any flavor wrapped in a waffle cone shaped like a taco shell.Love the choco covered bacon!We tried pear Gorgonzola with realCheese! Chocolate grand mariner with real grand mariner.  Indonesian coconut, peanut butter and jelly, which tasted like the realSandwich!Love this place and def recommend it to all ice cream nuts!
4	beside loving the name! the ice cream!! so unique and they keep it local!!  once a year comes the "Lobster" ice cream.. and WOW!!  definitely worth the stop and for the amounts of the delicious items you're sure to get more than one! YUMM!!
4	I love the blta wrap with spinach tortilla! Also the chocolate dipped cheesecake is super yummy. Bonus that they told me they'd deliver food to the hospital, because the hospital food sucks! Always friendly service here too. We really like it!
4	What great ice cream and wonderful coffee drinks! Comfortable place to hang out and food is good too! Love watching kids who go there... they seem to be smart and enjoyable. Service is always friendly. Love it.
5	The best ice cream sandwich in town and (for future reference) they deliver. What's not to like?Plenty of adventurous flavors if you're into that sort of thing and if you want the usual suspects (I'm a mint chip aficionado) you'll be pleased. I'm going to be back. A lot.
5	I don't know that this place is hidden but it is definitely a gem. My wife and I have gone  here for breakfast two weeks in a row. Each time I've had to get a malt as well because they are just too tempting. Not only is the food great and freshly prepared but the customer service was fantastic. We had the pleasure of dealing with Tanya and Katelyn each time and they were both so friendly. This place is good for breakfast or lunch and the ice cream was great. They even sell it by the pint so we took some home. Can't wait to take out of town friends here next month.
5	Delicious homemade ice cream!!  This is one of those magical places where the ice cream just bursts with the actual flavor - like the chocolate coconut tastes like real coconut and amazing dark chocolate.  The waffle cones are yummy, the atmosphere is super cute, and you get tons of bang for the buck. And if you have a hankering for some savory with your sweet, it's attached to ZPizza.
4	Occasionally I get a craving for ice cream.  Occasionally.  And Pink Spot is a great local place in my neighborhood.  The staff are extremely friendly and let you sample pretty much anything you want.  It has a coffee-shop/cafe type of feel, and serves ice cream.  Awesome.  They also have a really interesting selection of flavors.  They usually do a special flavor (not sure if they do that weekly or monthly), and sometimes they're pretty far out.  One time I had lobster ice cream.  No joke.  Gotta love the quirkiness.
5	Omg horchata ice cream!!!  This is probably the best ice cream joint in the Phoenix area... I have been to churn and many others and the taste and quality just seems to stand out here at Pink Spot. I love the pink spot (pun intendo) They also have wonderful blended shakes, banana splits, and dipped bacon or cheesecake. It's everything you could ever want in an ice cream shop and I love it. I would certainly recommend this to all of my Yelp friends as well as IRL friends.
5	We live right near at the lofts and were having a huge Super Bowl party. We ordered a huge order and they were super quick and got every single order right which was shocking!!! And the best sundaes ever!! I got the hunky monkey and our other friends got the black and white sundae which has hot fudge, whipped cream, cookies!!! Yummy!!!! And I even tried their chocolate chip cookie ice cream!!! The vanilla was so smooth and so delicious I was giddy!!! Will definitely order delivery again!!!
3	A solid ice cream store built into a pizza place.  A decent selection of ice cram, with a few nice flavors.  I ordered a traditional ice cream soda (told they could do it).  Well they didn't quite know what they were doing.  They had the ingridents right - sure.  Yet the important step of syrup first, adding soda water, and creating a slurry was skipped. Instead they just topped ice cream with syrup and put the soda water in.  It took a decent amount of work to get the syrup and the soda water mixed up together.So maybe ice cream soda isn't their strong part.    That is fine.  They had a solid selection of ice cream and some really uniquely sounding desserts (chocolate dipped bacon anyone?).I think I would go back for another try at a four-star. . .just not getting the ice cream soda next time.
5	The short: Pink Spot's ice cream has my favorite texture--dense, almost chewy, and smooth. The flavors are spot on. Parking can seem tricky, but there's more along the side and in back, and inside, there's ample seating but with a cozy feel. Service is good, and so are the cookies we've tried. The long: Parking out front can be tricky, especially since all the spots slant southeast, but there's more parking around the side and behind the building. Then you might have to duck under or around some patio umbrellas to get to the front door. Once you're inside and home free, though, you have a clean, open interior with couches, tables, and chairs, bookshelves with games and books along the side, and the counter lining the back wall. There's a doorway into the pizza joint next door, too. The counter help is friendly, quick, and efficient, and I'm glad they aren't stingy with the sample tastes because I always want to try everything I haven't already tried, and sometimes I just want a taste of something I already know I like. We liked the ice cream so much the first time, we went back twice in one week. We've tried Callebaut chocolate, mint chip, chocolate peanut butter, salted caramel, and pistachio, and they all have good, pure flavors. The texture is perfect--better than any other ice cream I've ever had. I don't know what little mom and pop creamery Pink Spot is coming from (last I read, it was Karen's Kreamery), but whoever they are, they're doing wonderful things. The baked goods are made in-house, and they're also excellent. I can't get enough big, soft, chewy cookies, and this has been a dependable place to get them. I haven't tried anything off their savory or coffee menus, but I plan to next time I visit.
5	Just had "the clucker" for breakfast! Awesome, I recommend this place... Great ambiance, great food, great service....and on top of all of that, breakfast is served whole day and they deliver!
3	The location is perfect. It's in downtown Phoenix and connected to Z Pizza! They offer a variety of items to choose from: breakfast food, ice cream, baked delicacies, etc.The downside is that it's dark in there. It feels kind of depressing. There is not very much parking.
4	$2.80 for a single scoop, above average quality and excellent range of flavored (eg pear garganzola). Connected inside to high quality pizza shop. Cozy leather sofas and lots of books for all ages. Cool spot!
5	The place is awesome! Very chill environment, and all desserts are presentable! I love cheesecake and dipped in chocolate had me at first sight! It tasted incredible! The peach smoothie I had as well was perfect! It was a last minute run but it just hit up! Very happy!
5	I live and work near Pink Spot and I LOVE it!Love the staff, Demetra and Tanya.Love the food (and lattes), chocolate covered bananas, ice cream, and breakfast burritos.What I don't love? That they're CLOSING on Saturday, May 24th! I'm really bummed.Better stock up on some pints of ice cream.....
5	LOVE this place!!! Every time I come (which isn't as frequent as I'd like due to proximity) everyone is super helpful and nice. I've only had their ice cream and WOW!!  Delish! Chocolate Peanutbutter - yumm! I look forward to exploring their menu.Great vibe, urban setting & comfortable atmosphere. We've done the Z's pizza next door (they're joined) and that too was a great experience. At first glance Parking looks to be an issue - however there is parking down the side and around back.
5	I was in town for a convention and discovered this place on Yelp. When I saw the "store closing" sign on the door, I made it a point to stop in whenever I could. It definitely provided a respite from the HOT days, especially the one evening where I decided to run 3 miles without bringing any water with me. Really enjoyed the pear gorgonzola ice cream, and never had an issue with any other food I ordered. But I most appreciated the service - prompt and friendly. Thanks especially to Angie for the super-friendly chat! I'm a big fan of small mom-and-pop shops and hopefully that place will be resurrected somewhere nearby, soon!
5	NOOOOOOOO!!!  WHY?????  I'm obsessing about cappuccino crunch milkshake with 2 shots espresso!!  Why did you close?????  My boyfriend and I loved your spot!!
1	Not surprised.....
5	I found this place a few yrs ago. I was needing a coffee for a pick me up. I was hooked from the very first cup. EXCELLENT! This became the only place I would go for coffee for the next 3 yrs. Im sorry to see that it is now closed. I want to thank D and the others for all the yrs of excellent service and great coffee.
