3	The Bellagio is home to some of the best, most elegant restaurants in Las Vegas. Several months ago, I dined at the buffet--truly the best buffet I have ever experienced. This time, I decided to try Jasmine, a much touted and pricey Chinese restaurant.    Now, as most of you know, Chinese food--even delicious Chinese food--is typically quite inexpensive. That's why I was curious to see if there was anything different or tres gourmet about Jasmine to justify it's acclaim AND its price tag. To my disappointment, I found little justification.  Read more on The Ballyhoo: http://www.ballyhoo.us/restaurants/review.cfm?review=57
4	Elegant dining room with European decor (think Versace silverware and big chandeliers) overlooking the Bellagio fountain. I highly recommend the Taste of Jasmine pre-fixe menu -- 4 course meal with signature dishes like the stone crab claws, maine lobster, and peppered beef tenderloin.I also enjoyed the soup sampler (minced chicken with corn, wonton and shark fin) and mango pudding dessert.
3	I loved eating on lake Bellagio during the water show.  The most bougie chinese food I've ever had in my life.  I was still hungry an hour later, but the whole experience was worth it.  Good service at a Chinese restaurant?!?  I guess if you're paying $88 bucks a person they better be nice.  The fixed menu was good overall, but the sharks fin soup had no taste.
4	My review's a bit biased, because we ate for free, but comps are part of Vegas too, so whatever. The food is good, portions  small though, and if you aren't sitting with a view of the lake if feels a bit strange considering how much space there is between tables. Overall a good meal, but perhaps not worth the price, especially considering the hotel's other restaurants and their quality for cost. Though, this is Bellagio, it's not all that cheap to begin with, anyone eating there ought to know what they are getting themselves into eating at one of their formal restaurants...
4	I've only had dim sum there.  The wait was long but the food although uber expensive was worth it.  What can be more blissful in Vegas than fancy dim sum while you look out at a fake Italian lake and the synchronized fountain show? Maybe the all you can eat Sunday brunch at Paris that serves real, French Champagne and all you can eat French pastries? You decide.
5	I would consider myself a Chinese food connoisseur, and I have to say the food at Jasmine is VERY GOOD and VERY authentic.  There is a wide selection of food, so there is certainly something for everyone.  The seafood in particular is INCREDIBLE (try the prawns and the sea bass).  I also highly recommend the hot & sour soup -- it's some of the best I've ever had.  Everytime I go I end up ordering multiple bowls of it!!  Basically, the food is great and the view from the restaurant is unbeatable.  It makes for a very romantic atmosphere.  The service is also impeccable; multiple waiters will make sure that your every need is fulfilled.  This place is definitely worth your time.  If Yelp had half-stars, I would say 4.5, only because the slight downside is the price, but hey, that's pretty much all restaurants on the strip.
5	The staff was wonderful. The crab was amazing. This alone is reason to return.
4	It was $48.50 for the dim sum buffet--so instead of grumpy ladies walking around with carts serving you, you have to get up and walk around and serve yourself--and pay 1000% more than if you went to a real dim sum place.The food was good though, excellent selection with all the "favorites." I'd recommend if you didn't have to pay for your meal.
5	I'm not an expert in Chinese cuisine, but I have to say that this was the best Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. We tried the Imperial Peking Duck which was delicious. And they did 3 things with the dish I had never seen before:1) The waiter sliced the duck table side2) They wrapped the duck meat in paper thin flour wraps instead of buns3) They took the some of the duck meat and stir fried it with some sweet potato as the second part of the dishOur Garlic Lobster and Fried rice were perfect.This restaurant also has a fabulous view of the Bellagio lake that features a water show set to music every 10 minutes.BUT....as virtually everyone has already pointed out, the prices here are astronomically high.Thank goodness I had some luck at the black jack table the night before.
5	Elegant dining room, view of the Bellagio fountains, and the only restaurant at Bellagio that plays the fountain music along with the show so you can watch the "choreography."The Peking Duck is amazing!  Prepared tableside with care.  I've had Peking Duck at a high end place in Beijing, and Jasmine met my already high expectations.What stood out for us was the Sommelier, Sarah.  She was attentive, friendly, and paired an amazing Pinot Noir from Martinelli that went perfectly with the duck.  We quizzed her a bit and she really knows her stuff.  Thanks Sarah!  I will be back!
5	Excellent food, service, and atmosphere.  We had dumplings, soup, entrees served family style.  Every dish was delicious and expertly prepared.  The service was flawless and well-paced.  Can't go wrong eating here.
4	5 stars for the location, you can totally see the water dance while dinning.  Atmosphere is nice and waiters are very attentive.  Food is great, probably can get the same quality of food in other chinese restaurants without paying for the expensive price.
4	Upscale atmosphere, great view of the water show, and delicious food! A nice place to take someone special if you're in Vegas [: I love their food and it's a different setting compared to Noodles but still great.
4	Upscale resturant, very nice decor, awesome views of the dancing fountains at the Bellagio. My boyfriend and I went on Saturday night 7/11/09 and the staff was very attentive and helpful. Great food, my bf had the walnut shrimp (soooo yummy) and I had the Chillean Seabass. Dessert (chocolate banana cake) was ok, nothing special. We would definately eat dinner here again.
4	I usually don't like high end chinese food but the ambiance is spectacular. Maybe it's because you get a front row seat to the Bellagio water show every 15 minutes when it goes on. The food is pretty good, and the service is good too.
5	Chinese is my least favorite of all non-American foods and I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars. Everything was fabulous. Food. Atmosphere. Service. Selection. Jasmine also saved my first wedding anniversary dinner... but I'll get to that.Literally "white glove" service. The menu had an excellent range of options. You could get duck for $70 or less fancy entrees for $19. We liked having a range of prices to choose from. My husband got an eggplant dish that was the best he'd ever had, and I got the General chicken--not very adventurous I know--but delicious with huge pieces of all white meat chicken. We each got an appetizer (under $10ea.) and a fancy cocktail from their signature menu ($14ea.). We split a dessert. Total was $120 not including tip. Expensive, but reasonable considering what we got. Portions were average--meaning not small--but we were just almost able to finish all our bites. Presentation was nice. Seats were plush and comfy with plenty of space between your neighbor, so you weren't sitting on top of each others' conversations. I thought we'd just be paying for the location and the view (famous fountain show)...but the food really was great. If they relocated to a windowless corner of the hotel, we'd still go back.So our story...visiting Las Vegas from Boston for the first time during the week, we were surprised how many places closed early since we weren't on weekend prime-time. We were caught off-guard more than once realizing at 9 or 10pm we needed dinner and found many places closed or switching to the late bar menus. We also didn't plan well with reservations because with literally hundreds of places to choose from we figured it wouldn't be an issue. So we wander around the Bellagio, tired, getting really hungry, post-show, and realize it's 9:50pm and we're desperate to find a nice place to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary before we leave Vegas. We view a bunch of menus, but not really in the mood to shell out $50 min. for entrees when weren't craving anything particular. Our last stop before giving up and hitting the fast food noodle place was Jasmine. The friendly hostess says they're open for another 10 minutes and would be happy to seat us. I figure we'll get a crappy seat by the kitchen and they'll be rushed to get us out. We had the opposite experience. We got a great seat with a view of the fountain, romantic elegant atmosphere, no rushing, and by the end, we had the place to ourselves. Lovely and special.
5	One of the best Chinese restaurants in Vegas.  Food portions were on the small side, but quality was definitely not lacking. Not your traditional region specific cuisine but everything tasted incredible. Desserts were slightly too "fusion" and will likely give it  a miss next time. View looking right into the fountains provided for a breathtaking scene at night. Overall, an excellent dining experience.
4	We really enjoyed our experience at this restaurant - the mushrooms in all of our dishes were incredible and the flavors very subtle.  There wasn't a wide range of choice for vegans but what we ate was very, very good.  The service was fine and the view of the fountains was lovely.  We would be happy to return.
4	Jasmine's Fountains Brunch on Sunday does not include juices; cranberry juice @$6.50 and refill add another $6.50! 03/21/2010
3	The food ranged from decent to good -- highlights included the string beans in XO sauce and Peking Duck -- food was overpriced and you are definitely paying for the view of the fountains. I have had better Cantonese for 1/3 the price. It's a decent view if you are seated up front, but certainly not worth the price tag. That being said, service was excellent -- and I would even say the service did a better job at making the occasion than the food.
1	As expensive and rude as the staff was you would think it was the BEST food ever. NOT! The portions are TINY! Even when we ordered 7 different things to share.....they just brought single portions and it was like a tasting party. We each got 1 shrimp, 2 pieces of steak or chicken, and some rice. We left hungry. Also my brother must have got a bad shrimp because he was sick for 2 days. Skip this place! Only reason I bothered going was the view of the fountain. Big mistake.
4	Came here to eat two nights in a row (BF's father gets comped... sweet).  I am not really a fan of Chinese food (too many dishes with pork), however I did enjoy the food at Jasmine.  Since I didn't order, I will just describe what we were served.  The first dish was a soup consisting of a clear broth with vegetables.  The base was probably chicken and pork (as most Chinese broths) and had a light flavor.  The next dish was a large prawn with sweet flesh, not too much going on, but the BEST thing ever according to the BF).  Peking duck was served table side with hoisin sauce, slivered green onions, and wrapped inside something I would describe as an "asian tortilla."  This was by far the BEST Peking duck I have had (state side).  I still dream about it 'til this day... mmm duck fat.  Anyway, we had some vegetable dish, beef dish, chicken dish and a desert (ginger creme brulee... I think).  The next night we basically had the same menu except we ordered Mirugai sashimi (raw giant surf clam), not my forte, but at $300 an order I tried it - pretty good.  All in all I must say dinner here was good.  The restaurant is situated right in front of the fountains at Bellagio - the best view of the show!  I would definitely go back.  Service was also superb - though most of waitstaff do have a heavy Chinese accent (what you should expect at a CHINESE restaurant).  Everything was coursed out nicely and in a timely fashion.  Ambiance was great - you feel like you're eating in a royal establishment.  Definitely NOT good for the kiddies.  Sorry for the lack of description on the dishes!
3	I updated my review from 4 stars to 3 stars.  The last time I went here for the BF's birthday the service was slow and the food was mediocre.  I guess having gone to Hong Kong and Taiwan has spoiled my taste for Chinese food state side.  Also our bill was almost $350 for two (including tax and a 20% tip).  I may have had a more satisfying meal at Panda Express (and more money in my wallet).  Sad to say.  I do want to try their Fountain's Brunch which is held every Sunday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. for $55 bucks.  Not too bad considering that the buffet features assorted dim sum, fresh oysters and seafood, Peking duck, assorted western breakfast items, and more.
5	An absolutely amazing experience! The food was amazing. The wines were incredible. The view of the fountains at night alone is worth the price. I would recommend for anyone who enjoys Chinese food!
4	Where would you eat for your last meal. Jasmine in Vegas for sure. Went there in December 2009. This is a fancy place served decent if not 100% authentic chinese (cantonese) food. We did not make reservation but was seated pretty quick. Two of us ordered daily soup, soupy dumpling, Chilean seabass and pea leaves. The daily soup was very good. I mean yes, you can make it at home yourself with time and fresh ingredient, but you would not get the service and music / fountain with you. Soupy dumpling was ok (I am a shanghainese who is picky about soupy dumpling). The chilean seabass was the best I have ever had. So good, so tasty, so I dont know how to describe. The service was good, but they made some mistake on our order so they brought the seabass and pea leave very late. It was ok, as we enjoyed the music and fountain view. The waiter apologized and gave us sweet soup and dessert for free. I will definitely go back to this place again. Good food, good memory.
4	For our first night in Vegas we chose to stay in our own hotel and have a nice meal.  We were on our honeymoon!  Good service, decent prices even on the wine (Vegas prices, so decent enough).  It was odd the the Bellagio front desk couldn't make our reservations for us.  And even odder that when we walked in we had to wait for our table for a little over 5 minutes when the place was almost completely empty.I had the sweet and sour pork and it came in a half a pineapple!  Seemed like a waste of a pineapple, but maybe all of the innards were in my meal?  So good!  And great atmosphere!  Watching the Bellagio Fountains sway back and forth to our song that we danced to at our wedding made it even more perfect!
4	Jasmine Sunday Brunch is a refreshing change to the standard humdrum of Vegas Buffets.  The service was excellent.  I only have one gripe - normally fresh squeezed OJ is part of the whole experience, but they charge you extra for it here.  The champagne is also not included, but they give you several pricing options, of which you will get unlimited refills. Here are some of the highlights:lobster cake eggs benedictfresh seafood on ice - includes oysters, shrimp, king crab legs, white asparagus panna cotta with watermelon caviaromelette barcarving station that includes thick carved bacon - how great is that!beef tenderloin wrapped inpuff pastry with trufflesdecadent braised short ribs that melt in your mouthkobe beef carpaccio wrapped around asparaguswaffle bar, oatmeal station,select sushi and rollssoup station where you can make your own soup.The dessert room is worth special mention as they have an ice cream bar and a chocolate fondue station.  Chocolate brownies dipped in dark chocolate fondue?!? I think 34 states have laws against such decadence.Aside from the food, an added bonus is that you can have a great view in watching the Bellagio water show and accompanying music is piped right into the restaurant.
4	Jasmine at the Bellagio has lost some of it's luster from a few years ago, but the quality of the food and service are still great.We made reservations but it seemed like they were not really needed.Appetizers were fried prawns which were crispy and very light, delicious, and the spring rolls, which were pretty good.For main course, we ordered the Seafood fried rice which was really good, the Kung Pao  was decent.They were really good with bringing out a birthday dessert which I had pre called about.The thing that makes this restaurant worth it for me every time is the fact that you can see the Bellagio fountains outside from your seat regardless of where you are seated, which turn on every five minutes, and they are coordinated with the music played in the restaurant. I love it!
5	All I have to say is fuck wow! Incredible! The view is breathtaking, but the star of the show is the food. From the appetizer to the dessert, everything was world class.The Chilean Sea Bass was a highlight as well as the Kung Pow Chicken - both dishes you can get in thousands of restaurants, but here they still stand out.The atmosphere and attention to detail are extreme. You will not be dissapointed.
1	The WORST Chinese food I have ever had. HORRIBLE. Spring rolls were greasy and tough to chew. Wok vegetable noodles were disguting -- way too salty, undercooked, and very little amount of actual food.The waiter forgot to bring my drink and was impossible to catch afterwards so I got my drink by the end of the meal after asking a different waiter.All of that for $106 total for 3 people. The only nice thing was an amazing view and beautiful decor. But the food and service were ridiculously disappointing. Save your money DO NOT GO THERE.
5	This review is for the Sunday Brunch Buffet =D1 star = for the wait service.  The people here are so nice!2 stars = for the display of muffins, pastries, butter, and fruit on your table already.  No need to go to the buffet for them!  Awesome!  3 stars = for the different kinds of food.  You have oysteres on the half shell, crab legs, pho noodle soup made your way, omelets created how you want it, eggs benedict ( 3 different kinds), waffles, french toast, sushi, dim sum, and all these other exotic items that you will want to try everthing4 stars = for the separate room reserved from desserts.  You have your chocolate fondue service white, dark, or milk.  Then you have selections of creme puffs with praline sauce! yum!, you have tea cookie assortments, truffles (the hazelnut one is awesome), and of coures the little cakes, mousses, and everything that tastes yummy!5 stars = for the guy pushing the cart around with duck and the white steamed bread..not sure what this dish is called but it is soo good!My friend and I topped it off with some mimosa and coffee.  The ambiance is perfect for a Sunday brunch date with your loved one or your bestfriend.  You can even see the Bellegio water fountain show from some seats.  Quite romantic, and simply wonderful.  I love this brunch buffet.  Too bad it burns the pocket a little!  $69/person!  Yikes!  But so worth it if you want to celebrate, or pamper yourself with yummy foods!  Go now!
4	We went for the Sunday Brunch Buffet not knowing what to expect from an Asian buffet in the Bellagio.  The decor is quite elegant inside with a lot of white and mellow colors that work well with the overall sophisticated food presentation.  Together with the theme music to the "Titanic" they were playing in the background, the atmosphere was quite nice if you don't mind the feel of being at an elegant giant tea party a century ago.  And you can't beat having a seat next to the Bellagio fountains if you can get one, even though they don't start going off until the afternoon.  The spread was pretty impressive with good dim sum, breakfast, and pastry as well as a noodle station, meat station, and a huge dessert room.  Overall, when comparing this place to the Bellagio brunch, the Jasmine spread looks much better than it tastes.  Nothing was that memorable except for a few things: Wu Xu-Style braised short ribs, crystal prawn and spinach dumplings , chicken-apple sausage, and lastly the Peking-style duck in steam buns which is served one per customer.  If you really like chocolate, the dessert room alone might be a reason to go.  You can choose from ice cream, sherbet, chocolate fondue (including dark chocolate), chocolate-covered strawberries, and various cookies.  If you want just good buffet food, go to the Bellagio buffet because the taste is better and its cheaper.  But if you want elegant dining and beautiful food presentation (and you are a chocoholic) on a Sunday morning, the Jasmine is worth the experience.  The downsides are the prices, the fact that drinks are not included, and the overall unimpressive taste with some exceptions.
4	A great Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  The prices are what you would expect for dining on the strip in the Bellagio but too high.  The portions are perfect.  I had the Eggplant and it was great.  Expect to pay for rice seperately.  The interior was a bit more formal than expected but we went with jeans and dress shirts and felt comfortable.
3	First of all, let me start by prefacing that I am an authentic Hong Kong Chinese living in the San Francisco Bay Area where there is a lot of quality Chinese restaurants. So my expectation may be different from a lot of Las Vegas Chinese locals. Ok, compared to the pathetic and crappy Chinese food outside of the hotels, I would say this is much better. But as someone who is familiar with what quality & authentic Chinese food should be, I think food here is just mediocre. Do not come here because you want and are expecting fine Chinese food. Come here because you want a nice comfy setting with excellent service and edible Chinese food and because you don't mind spending some big bucks.And if you are not an expert in Chinese food, I think you may find the food just fine. Afterall, I don't think this place is targeting authentic Chinese audience.
5	** This review is for brunch only ... Holiday Dim Sum Buffet and Fountains Sunday Brunch **We go to Vegas every year for Christmas. During Christmas and Chinese New Year's, Jasmine has their wonderful Dim Sum Buffet. There is a large selection of dim sum, steamed and fried, and a seafood bar with raw oysters, mussells, de-shelled cocktail shrimp (yea! i am lazy!!) and nigiri sushi. The carving station has one or two selections (beef, lamb, or ham) and there is a soup/congee station and a noodle station!! Love the noodle station. The broth is really good and you get to pick what you want inside your noodles which is served to you in a big beautiful glass cup. FANCY!!Over the years, the dim sum buffet has gotten a little boring and not as good... BUT...FOUNTAINS SUNDAY BRUNCH!! yum yum yum! Similar to the Holiday Dim Sum buffet but only with a little dim sum. But there's lobster cake benedict, omlette station, gourmet salads, raw bar, sushi, crab leggies, and lots of other fancy, delicate, delicious treats. The noodle bar is still there too, as well as an entire side room dedicated to desserts -- omggg chocolate fountain AND ice cream!!!! During the Fountains Brunch, each table also gets muffins, cookies, and jams.. and Peking duck comes around on a cart served table to table. The restaurant itself during the day is very pretty. Yellow and white  with white floral and butterfly accents. The windows look out to the Bellagio Fountains, and you get a free closeup show every 30 minutes or so. One time they even opened the doors and we stood right next to the water!The service is excellent. Everyone is so nice and helpful. The waiter even put the coffee in to-go cups for us one time because we liked it so much!Sure its a little expensive... $55-$60 per person for a brunch buffet.. But this is Vegas and its TOTALLY WORTH IT. You sit there with your fancy mango lobster shooter and champagne, looking at the fountains next to the strip and think.. now THIS is life!! :))
4	I've dined at Jasmine many times, and I always have a great relaxing dinner there. For the decor, location & setting, they are 5 stars.  For their food quality, it is nothing spectacular, nor extraordinary, but just great.  Their peking duck is impressive, but not the best I've ever had.  If you want to have a good Chinese food in a fancy romantic setting(when making your reservation, request to be seated near the fountain), Jasmine is a must-try.  You will have a great time there.
5	Great dining experience. Jasmin is a beautiful restaurant, tons of windows (on three sides) looking out over the Bellagio fountains, high ceiling, gorgeous plates, really good food. I had the crispy chicken which had very thin, very crispy breading; it was a nice clean dish.  Had a nice dessert, too, the warm chocolate truffles with cinnamon ice cream. It's an expensive restaurant, but it's something special, so if you are in Vegas for good food, go to Jasmin. One nice thing is the food is delicious but the menu is not full of obscure items like a lot of the fine dining establishments that just try too hard to put weird stuff on the menu.
1	Very good food, but one of the worst levels of service I have seen. The waiter discussed the amount of the dinner no less than 3 times because I wanted to use the regular menu over the packaged one. I told him price was not an issue. Finally I had to ask him to stop discussing price in front of my wife on our anniversary.We bought a half bottle of wine that we had to serve ourselves. This was a first, they put the bottle of wine in a bucket behind my wife and then we had reach around and serve ourselves? WOW.If you are at the Bellagio, I urge you to skip this place.
1	Husband and I went here the night he proposed so we figured it was only fitting we go back again for an anniversary dinner. Came around 5pm so the sun was setting while we were eating. Had a few overpriced drinks and ordered the chefs special with a couple courses and the wine accompaniment. Sun was shining off one of the hotels right where we sat, was so bright we actually had to rearrange seating so we didn't get blinded. Asked our server about lowering the curtains. He asked another older gentleman there who very loudly said he would not ruin other peoples view (we were one of only 4 groups there none of which were sitting by this side of the room and there was no view but the blindlingly bright golden hotel across the street). He flat out refused. Was kind of comical. Server came back embarrassed and said he would see what he could do with someone higher up and inferred there was some sort of drama going on there. Told him it was cool and we would just scoot over for now. Had we not been drinking and in a really good mood this could have turned into worse experience. Food was ok. Not worth the small fortune we paid. Too many restaurants on the Strip to have to deal with that kind of service. Has been awhile since we've been here so maybe things are better managed now. Personally wouldn't bother going back.
3	Expensive, expensive expensive forChinese food. Decor is classy, you can see the fountains if you sit by the window. Ate here for Chinese New Year. Food was good, the dishes we had pork belly and string beans and satay oxtail were good, fried rice was tasty. Wait staff was attentive.  Overall good, but not great. I was expecting something beyond what I could get anywhere else for the high price but in the end not worth the cost. For the prices, I expect great.
5	The Service, first of all, couldn't be better. She paid attention to when we finished and brought out the next dishes. First, we had a Peking duck roll with oyster sauce, and it was SO good. Five minutes later, our lobster wonton soup came with spinach and mushrooms, and then duck sticky rice wrapped in a banana leaf or something. And then this fish and short rib came with this sweet sauce. For dessert, a "iced mango bamboo" came with a cake and some citrus fruit. It was a stick-shaped wafer with chocolate rings, and inside was mango sorbet. Then, this cake came with Chinese strawberry jam. The Jasmine tea was also good. One of the best Chinese restaurants I've had!
4	A delectable 5 course meal, elegant decor, wonderfully pleasant and attentive staff, and a front row view of the Bellagio Fountains- this is the life... I dined that this restaurant for a romantic evening during my birthday trip to Vegas with my boyfriend.This restaurant is spacious and takes full advantage of their location with large open windows and beautiful floral drapes.The menu contains Cantonese/Hunan cuisine. My boyfriend and I noticed how meticulous their staff was- they were ery well organized and paid close attention to detail. The highlight of our meal was eating their fried rice and miso seabass. No words could possibly describe how savory it was! Both were carefully prepared and lightly seasoned to perfection. We ended our night with some sweet dessert Riesling and split a delicious (but small) chocolate temptation right before our show at The Mirage.Dining here was one of my favorite Vegas experiences. The ambiance is beautiful and their dinner menu(s) are enough to get any foodie excited. Be prepared to spend a good amount of money here (this is Vegas, after all).If you're in town and want to treat someone special to a wonderful dinner, or if you just to bask in luxury at this fine upscale restaurant, then check it out. You won't be disappointed.
4	Dined here last week with wife and 2 friends. We all thought the food and service and ambiance was excellent. While the price was a bit steep, we found each food item very tasty and memorable. I asked for a spicy prawn dish which they did not have on the menu. The server graciously said the kitchen would make one for me and it was wonderful. Others ordered mostly seafood and the food was excellent. The service staff was always there to assist us and make suggestions to help us have a good time. I recommend this wonderful restaurant in Bellagio for the food, service , and great view of the dancing waters.
5	This review is for the fountains brunch.  I don't have much to say except that it was phenomenal.  The service was wonderful, the room was beautiful, and it was lovely to eat with the fountains in the background.  Everything I ate was delicious - made to order omelet, homemade chicken sausage, amazing dim sum, fresh seafood, delicate salads, beautiful pastries.  No complaints.  I'll definitely return.Not cheap but worth every penny.
4	Great view of the water show. The service is good, though there have been times when the place was very busy but the waiters are all very diligent and nice once you can snag one. The food is delicious. The steamed tiger shrimp (not sure if it is on the menu but can be ordered) is great. The crab is good- great seasoning. The hot and sour soup tends to be more hot than sour at times. Expensive but great meal and view.
4	Very detailed and nice presentation... a little bit pricey for Vegas. It's unlikely I'll eat there again, but it's worth it to try it for a special occasion.
4	Beautiful decor with a fantastic view of the fountains and the strip.  The lobster pot stickers were my favorite appetizer and the walnut shrimp that my uncle ordered was like Heaven.  We were all so stuffed we had no room for dessert.  They gave us these weird balls of dough covered with sesame seeds with the check that were just not good.  They need to not give those out after a yummy meal.  Our waiter was terrible!  He was polite, but could not keep our drinks in order and could not understand us.  He was also MIA for most of our meal.  They were not busy, so this was no excuse.  All in all it was a good meal.
5	The delicious food, its presentation, & attentive friendly staff were all worth the wait and the visit.  Attended with a group of 8 and ordered family style.  Each taste of everyone's plate was just as good as the last.  Finally the elegant atmosphere was comfortable - and we sat right near the fountains.  A perfect evening!
1	Very hot day is Vegas (90+). I wore pleated Dockers khaki shorts and a collared, shirt. We were denied seating because I was wearing shorts.  Women in skirts just below their derrieres were seated, but not me with my "evil" shorts.  No other restaurant we went to at the Bellagio or  Mirage denied us but Jasmine. Who knows if the food was any good or not?
3	Coming from the East Coast we wanted to treat ourselves to a nice dinner. The atomosphere is amazing and so is the dinning ware, however for the price of over $100 for two people the food was only mediocre.  Dont get me wrong the food was definatly good but it wasn't amazing, which when your paying for that price you would expect.Unless your rolling in the dough and can afford this meal only to expect mediocre tastes then go for it other wise i would suggest some place else.
4	Probably the least expensive of the upscale Bellagio restaurants, Jasmine is standard Chinese, although they try to prepare dishes with a bit of flair.  The whole crispy fish was competently prepared, moderately large, and tasty, especially with the spicy tomato sauce that comes on the side.  Unfortunately, nothing else was very good, and one chicken dish was absolutely bad -- undercooked chicken, yech!Because its a relative bargain, and because of the spectacular view of the fountain show, I would go three stars on Jasmine, but there is nothing else to recommend it.Update as of April, 2012:  At a second visit, we tried the Peking Duck.  At $78, it is a bit pricey, but you get a HUGE duck, carved tableside, and made into 8 overstuffed rolls.  Plenty for a main course for two, and delicious.  It earns Jasmine a fourth star.
4	I had dinner at Jasmine last weekend and it was a great experience.  The food was inventive, tasty and well prepared.  The service was top notch and the atmosphere was wonderful!
5	Our meal here was one of the best of my life.  Hubby and I chose Jasmine because of it's location facing the water of the Bellagio fountains.  It didn't dissapoint. We got a great table in front of the windows to watch the water show up close while the music played quietly overhead.  It was romantic!We ordered lots of food.  The best being the chillian sea bass which was the best fish I've ever had!!!  I mean, it was amazing, you have to taste it. Also, we got dumplings, fried rice, and pepper beef.  All were great.The service was as good as any prime steak house you can go to. Attentive and friendly.  The food was warm and flavorful, and the only thing I wish is that Jasmine was closer to home so I could eat here more often.
3	THE FOOD WAS AMAZING...until we got the bill..............
4	Jasmine is an elegant, beautifully decorated restaurant with most seats having a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. Our dining table was centered and just one table away from the windows looking out to the fountains. Furnishings were sumptuous, with expensive fabric covering dining chairs. And, when Diane and I were seated, fresh red roses in a vase, along with colorful, Asian-themed serving plates, adorned our table. All food was served on fine china, and the silverware provided was of high quality. Restaurant Week menu selections were chosen for dinner, but augmented with soup. Overall, the food and service pretty much matched the ambiance and decor of the place. An appetizer of Peking Duck Hand Rolls with julienned cucumbers and scallions inside rice pancakes was a fine start. Although the two hand rolls were small (about one-third less than most mu-shu I have previously consumed), the tasty meaty strands of warm duck inside and the best Hoisin Sauce I have encountered contributed to a great beginning course. The Hoisin Sauce was very smooth, redolent of the taste of plum, and just slightly spicy. I could have easily downed another two hand rolls! Nearby I saw two uniformed staffers deftly cut up a whole duck tableside to feed a party of eight with Peking Duck Hand Rolls. Only the preparer who handled pieces of the duck wore a white glove--and just on the hand that placed duck morsels on rice pancakes before they were rolled. The oily, defenseless duck didn't stand a chance! A bowl of Lobster Dumpling Soup with potsticker-shaped Lobster Dumplings and spinach leaves and a few tiny mushrooms was presented with a delicate lobster broth that was extraordinary. Unfortunately, the Lobster Dumplings were somewhat hard, and contained little lobster. The small, round won tons in a cup of Cantonese Won Ton Soup that featured a good chicken broth with pork and beef were better tasting but not nearly the best in Vegas. I have enjoyed far better at China Mama, the Coronado Cafe at South Point, Dragon House, and the Victorian Cafe at Bill's. But, watching the fountains' water show from our second row seats while we ate enhanced our enjoyment of both types of soup. Our entrees were of good size. Eight very large and tender Jumbo Gulf Prawns were served with tiny crushed pieces of Honey Glazed Walnuts over an orange-colored base of egg yolk. Much larger intact walnut pieces would have been preferable, but this main course was still very tasty. Wok-fried Prime Beef Tenderloin with Black Pepper Sauce was served with a couple of shoots of bok choy and a large chunk of sweet potato that was suitably sweet. The ample lengths of well-trimmed tenderloin were very tender and cooked perfectly medium rare as ordered. The pepper in the brown sauce ladled on the meat was subtle but definitely present, because my lips burned slightly from it for a short period of time. Steamed White Rice was a little disappointing because the rice was of the short-grained variety. The addition of a few drops of first-rate soy sauce helped pull the beef and rice together. A nice surprise was the Honeydew Melon Tapioca dessert that was infused with Honeydew Melon and included as part of Jasmine's Restaurant Week dinner special. It included Coconut Cream and Mango Sorbet, and tasted like melon-flavored cold farina. This tapioca was subtle and very refreshing. Complimentary Rice Balls and Fruitcake Muffins wrapped to go were brought to the table at the end of our meal. Service was topnotch and almost deferential. Servers and managers stood by our table when we paid the bill and rose to leave, to bid us goodbye. This was a very fine 4-1/2-star Cantonese dining experience!
3	Lovely ambiance, I felt like I was transported back to colonial Hong Kong. I'm several weeks delayed writing this because, well, it just didn't blow my mind enough to give it a review.   I don't remember what I ordered, which is saying something.For the price, I think you just have to really appreciate Chinese food to love Jasmine.   I personally enjoy my Chinese food out of the box, on a rainy sunday in front of an old movie at home.  In my opinion, there are so many great restaurant options in Vegas, go for something special.  If you want to see the fountains up close, hang out on the strip.
1	Jasmine is both elegant and beautifull decorated with spectacular views, but the food has to be some of the worst ever.  Seriously, I felt that Panda Express was better, which is saying something.  I was really hoping for something better, but it was terribly overpriced for what I received.  The general chicken was more like chicken nuggets in a ketchup sauce.  The presentation was wonderful, but the taste was more than lacking.  It just made me sad.  And no one should be sad on vacation.
3	Stepped into this restaurant and was instantly transported to a different environment. Its a very elegant and ethnically decorated restaurant. The main attraction is obviously the big glass windows with wonderful views of the fountains in front of Bellagio, esp in the evenings when they come to life the view is spectacular. And that's exactly what you are paying the big $$$ for! Onto the food, we ordered the lobster dumpling - succulent and perfectly pan fried, for main we got the Mongolian beef and eggplant both were outstanding dishes. The beef was melt-in-your-mouth tender and the eggplant was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The delicate flavors of all 3 dishes was very obvious. But be warned just 3 dishes and a drink cost us a whopping $100/- definitely not a cheap place.
5	What a way to say farewell to Vegas but with The Sunday  Brunch at Jasmine on 12/18/11..as we checked out from the Bellagio  to go to the Airport.... First class Buffet of Tuna rolls , Wagyu rolls, Jumbo Shrimps, Crabs and all kinds of Oysters , Crab legs.. Dumplings, Dim Sum,  .Peking Duck carved  table side an array of  desserts unlimited..Bellinis, Mimosas and champagne..all of these as the fountains go off just for this amazing brunch at 11AM on the dot..They start with Frank Sinatra's "Fly me to the moon".. wow !!!..the song we played right after our marriage ceremony was over to walk out down the isle as husband and wife..This was just perfect.. We highly recommend this brunch..
2	Dont do their Chinese NY dim sum brunch - poor quality especially for the price. We went to Wing Lei but their CNY brunch doesn't start till tomorrow, decided to try Jasmine instead because they were open, and we regretted it. Same price as Wing Lei $58.88 (8 is a lucky number) but less choice of dim sum and taste was really mediocre. Also didn't like that they didn't have carts - it really was just a straight buffet. They had large quantities of everything in steamers, so obviously it was all sitting for a while. Even at noon on a Sunday it was only 3/4 full, and an empty buffet always means old food. I'm not going to bother going into detail of what they had because none of it was memorable. Best thing they had was this mango coconut pudding dessert. Service wasn't friendly and we had to track them down when we needed something. Unlike Wing Lei the tea wasn't included - extra $8 charge. This would be a 1 star review if it wasn't for the amazing view of the fountain. That really was it's only saving grace. Oh and I liked the high quality linens. So if you're craving a high quality/class dim sum experience, try Wing Lei - exact same price but so much better in every way. Jasmine was a huge waste of time and money.
2	Elegant atmosphere - very disappointing food at any price...but especially at these prices.  Save your money and go to PF Chang's where the food is far superior and much, much less expensive.  Hot and sour soup was neither hot nor spicy.  General's chicken tasted like frozen nuggets rolled in mild wing sauce.  Walnut prawns served lukewarm and doughy.  Wait staff friendly and attentive, but the food quality simply doesn't measure up to the ambience.
4	Went on a casual date here and really enjoyed it.  The food is okay but it is the ambiance and being able to look out and see Lake Bellagio that makes this this elegant restaurant enjoyable!
4	Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2012 menu:This three course meal was very good.  The restaurant is beautifully appointed and the service is absolutely top notch.  Everything is done well!First off was an amuse-bouche of ahi tuna with crispy wonton.  Delightful.Course 1:  Salt and pepper shrimp.  Three large prawns, wok fried, with garlic and sauce and served in three lettuce cups.  Very tasty.Course 2:  I opted for the wok fried prime filet of beef with pepper sauce.  The meat was very tender and flavorful.  Served with the main course was some baby bok choy and a little oval of sweet potato and a small bowl of steamed rice.Course 3:  Honeydew melon tapioca.  This is coconut tapioca infused with honeydew and served with an oval of mango sorbet.  This was a very refreshing dessert.  It was very light and very tasty and an exceptional way to end the meal.Kathy, my server, was top notch.  I watched as she rolled the pancakes for a whole Peking Duck and she was a master.  You certainly can't beat having the Fountains of Bellagio right outside your window.  Several of the servers wore gloves.  Everything was great!
4	We had a good, though pricey, brunch buffet here.  We were actually looking for the big Bellagio buffet but we passed Jasmine first and decided we were too hungry to continue our search.  The variety here probably wasn't as big as the other buffet, but they had a lot of quality stuff including:- Peking duck (this was the highlight of our meal)- cocktail shrimp- oysters on the half shell (on the thin side)- crab legs- nigiri- roast beef (dry and tasteless)- made to order noodles (comforting)- steamed dumplings- gelato sundae bar- dark chocolate fondue fountainThe place was busy so there was a lot of turnover.  We didn't try a lot of the standard Western brunch items (eggs, french toast, pancakes) but we were really pleased with the Asian offerings.  I thought that the $60pp price tag was a bit steep, but overall worth it for the quality that we received.
2	I take full blame for not asking the price of the brunch buffet before sitting down to eat. So sue me: I was tired and hungry. I just wanted to eat.I guess I should've known it'd cost an arm and a leg when my plate was Versace. Seriously?No offense intended, but our waitress seemed to speak very little English. I think she felt as awkward about this as we did, as she rarely stopped by our table to check on us.The food was delicious and very filling. It trends toward the pretentious side, however, with their tables covered with caviar, fois gras, lobster and other such nose-in-the-air types of foods. I stuck to old standbys like prime rib, crab cakes, bacon and the like. I was full after 2 plates. The dessert bar is the highlight here: cookies, pastries, chocolates and a dip-it-yourself chocolate fondue station. Heaven.I was zapped back into reality when the bill came: 3 buffets, 2 mimosas and 1 coffee: $235. SERIOUSLY??And the mimosas weren't even bottomless!
4	Beautiful ambiance. The "jasmine experience" was a great mean. It's pricey at $108 per person but you get an amazing 5 course meal that includes Kobe beef, seabass, and much more. Be prepared to spend. It was over $450 for 4 people. Well worth every penny. My dad really enjoyed the duck.
5	Wow, just wow.  The food here was out of control good.I was a little concerned after reading the other reviews, but this was far from our experience.We went there for the second night in Vegas, as the mother-in-law's birthday dinner.  First, the view is amazing.  Its right in the middle of the hotel on the fountain side.  Throughout dinner, you get the show of the fountains as well.  We got the middle table against the windows which just added to the ambiance.For the food, we went for the family style (except the wife and I got our own soups).The soups were absolutely delicious!  I got the Hot and Sour soup, which was just perfect.  The wife got the chicken corn chowder, which she has been talking about since we left!  The family got the spring rolls, dumpling trio and one more I can't remember.  For the meals, we got 5 entrees for the group.  The peking duck which was amazing.  They serve it to you in two courses - a pancake, which was incredible, and a lettuce roll which was not as great, but also amazing.Next up, the General Chicken.  Just a great dish.  Great flavor.Then the walnut prawns which were delicious!  The sauce was just so nice and flavorful.  Next, the Kobe Beef short ribs, which were my highlight.  The flavor was incredible, the sauce perfect, and the beef just melted in my mouth.Finally, we got the seafood fried rice.  It was good, nothing special, but its hard to stand out with the other dishes when you are just a fried rice.For dessert, they gave us a special plate.  There were four corn muffins surrounding an orange cake.  The low point of the evening.  It tasted good, but nothing special.Service was impeccable.  They were attentive and friendly.  Someone did come around and offer to take your picture.  We agreed, but then they sell the picture to you for 40$ a picture.  It was a special occasion, so we got one... but it was a little odd for such an upscale place.All in all, amazing food, view, and service.  Yes, its VERY expensive, but its Vegas, and the Bellagio, and great food... don't be surprised by the cost!
4	I saw pictures of the intricate charger plates that they use here and I knew I just had to eat here. Our group made a reservation for 10 and they gave us a private room. It was nice and intimate, but the room did not have the view of fountains. We didn't even realize that the music from the fountains was being plugged into the restaurant and we just thought they were replaying their soundtrack. The beginning of the buffet starts with a cold station of seafood. I stuck mostly to their salads and sushi and was quite happy. I also liked the soup station. I haven't been eating meat but my friends seemed to love the hand carved bacon the most. Sometime during the meal they brought out Pecking duck on steam buns. There is also a dessert room that had beautiful desserts, that not only looked pretty but were also good. They also had fresh marshmallows freshly made chocolates, homemade ice cream, and a chocolate fountain all surrounding a giant chocolate sculpture. My favorite thing in there was the freshly made mochi filled with lychee ice cream.
1	I have to say, I am amazed at the good reviews this place gets.  But, then again, I know that the average Las Vegas visitor is all about the glitz and, well - taste isn't exactly the strongest of traits . . .usually.  I'll have to keep telling myself this because it is the only way to explain some of these reviews.We popped in on Tuesday evening, May 8th, 2012 . . . the menu looked interesting, and since my Vietnamese partner had not really enjoyed the food offerings of Las Vegas to this point, we decided to give this supposedly fine Chinese restaurant a go . . .  I guess it should have been a hint when there was no wait and no need for reservations.  And, that's even with it having an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains right outside its windows.(I went to their website to find the exact dishes on their menu, but they only seem to have the brunch menu and a special mother's day one - so, sorry).We started with some appetizers - the spring rolls (which were bland, nothing special and weren't a far reach from frozen ones) and, we ordered a side-order of the Chinese broccoli - which was cooked fine, but again, nothing special - just plain, steamed with no seasonings at all.  Meh.My partner ordered the tofu dish - (which is in one of the photos posted on Yelp.com) . . . . small square cubes of tofu in a sauce which was supposed to be spicy . . . it was not.  When my partner pushes a dish away and is quiet, I know it is below par (it doesn't happen often).  I am not a tofu fan, but I tasted the sauce, or at least attempted to taste it - because, frankly, it had almost zero flavor.  I've never tasted a more bland sauce.Another member of our party and I ordered a whole fish dish that was fried (sorry I can't remember the name of the dish, but I believe it was the only fried fish dish on the menu).  The fish was fried nicely, a rather pedestrian batter, but nicely done - a tad overcooked, but at least fresh.  But, the sauce.  The "fresh" tomato sauce.  Seriously, it tasted like dollar-store ketchup with a little white vinegar and maybe a splash of Hoisin sauce.  It was definitely not made fresh - and was so ketchupy that it was really horrible.  I want to say, I cannot remember in my years of eating in all sorts of restaurants and cafes all over - I cannot remember EVER complaining about a meal.  And, again this time, I sucked it up and ate my fish, trying to avoid the sauce - but, I really couldn't stand seeing my partner not eating anything after only a couple of bites.  The waiter was obviously not pleased, but he did allow him to reorder - pushing hard for the chow mien, which he ordered.  This dish was so salty that it was inedible.  (I had to later take him to an all night diner just so he didn't have to go to bed hungry).The waiter was not happy at the prospects of THIS dish also not being acceptable.  He said he would talk to his manager - and came back and said that his manager said that everyone could have dessert (pre-selected, not our choice) - on the house.  We didn't want dessert and politely asked that my partner's meal be taken off the check.  Instead of responding - he kept trying to place the dessert in front of my partner.  When we said no, he finally came back and said the manager had taken it off the check.Now, about the manager - I don't know if it was Mr. Roberto Liendo as listed on their website or if it was someone else.  What I do know is that he is a total coward.  Have the courtesy to come to the table and talk to us about the meal - especially since everything was so sub-par (we did tell the waiter about the fish, but did not ask for it to be removed from the check).  Considering the prices of this food - anyone would expect that the food be extraordinary - or at least above par.  This wasn't even as good as most take-out Chinese restaurants.  Oh, the place is beautiful - but, that's the only value to this place based on our visit.  A horrible experience and I would highly suggest that if you are reading this review while trying to decide where to eat - pass this one up - you can go outside to see the fountains.
2	Went to Jasmine last night for the first night, the decor was nice and I love the butterfly theme. I ask if the pekin duck was for 2 persons (since it was $80) and the waitress to me " every dish is for one and depend your appetite" I decide to order ti. She brought me the entire duck. I hate when people think customers are stupid. The duck was average and the shrimps for my wife were Fishy. We sent them back. Next time I want a pekin duck I will go to pho kin lung on spring mountain. Overall Jasmine is just a PF Chang at the Bellagio.
5	We typically go for the brunch which is always fabulous. I love that they bring coffee that is French press in it's own metal carafe. Service has always been attentive and the food quality is top notch. Not sure about some of those who've had negative experiences, but it seems like those may not be used to fine dining. We love going and consistently have had good food, service, and experience. It is truly that: an experience.
5	On Sunday, 05/20, we had the opportunity to eat at the Fountains Brunch in the beautiful Jasmine Restaurant in the Bellagio Hotel. It was the best buffet I've had in Vegas so far. Each dish on the buffet line was a feature and there were no filler dishes at all. Everything was delicious and of high quality. We were able to taste items that are not usually on a buffet line and are normally available at a fine dining meal - from amuse-bouche of foie gras to kobe beef carpaccio. The presentation of some of the dishes had wow factor (amuse bouche spoons suspended on a wall). Service was impeccable and our endless glass of champagne was TRULY endless as the server kept topping off the glasses every time we looked away. The entire staff was friendly and very attentive And of course, it was all located in the gorgeous dining room of the Jasmine. The giant windows afforded us a VIP view of every fountain show with the music piped into the dining area. All in all, it was the best food and experience we have had through a buffet in Vegas.
2	Food is good but the portions are small for what you are paying. The only thing you are truly going to be fully satisfied with this place is the service and the ambience. If you are expecting to get hungry after you eat here, think again. You're probably gonna end up spending a fortune over here - just make sure you have at least $5 to head over to Planet Hollywood afterwards so you can get yourself something really filling - Earl of Sandwiches!
5	This is about the Sunday Brunch at Jasmine rather than a review of the restaurant at dinner.  Four friends and I spent a lot of time enjoying the fabulous brunch buffet yesterday.  The view of course, is phenomenal especially if you're lucky enough to get a table at the window as we were.   The assortment of seafood is endless, raw oysters, shrimp, crab legs, mussels, etc.  The table was also filled with sushi, and several other bite sized items.  The hot dishes were not plentiful but excellent in flavor.  The breakfast bar itself has a selection of anything you could possible want them to whip up including eggs benedict the regular way or eggs over lobster.  Soups are made to order in front of you and the dessert assortment requires a separate room. The carver cut Peking Duck for each person at every table, my first taste of Peking Duck and we loved it!! I won't describe all of the food items, you'll just have to Google for the menu but trust me, you won't believe what's on their tables. We ordered mimosas and was told it was cheaper for us to get a bottle of champagne and they would keep the orange juice pitchers coming.  They did.  We each had about  4 mimosas  and the bar bill came to $76.  Our total billl per person not including tip was $87 and well worth it. Service was  outstanding.  This is not something you would do every week, but give it a try just once.  The experience of watching the fountains perform every 20 minutes or so, and eating great assortments of "new foods" is well worth your time.   I posted pictures.
3	Buffets are a dime a dozen in Las Vegas and there are many to chose from all boasting about how good they are. Well, this one is for the Sunday Fountain Brunch. Firstly, being located in the Bellagio, you would expect excellent quality and a fine setting. Jasmine emphasizes both and the service is excellent. I was initially disappointed in the beginning when I was told they needed a reservation for a time which I didn't know about. However, the hostess said we can be seated at the bar instead and since my companion and I weren't picky, we agreed. The setting is beautiful with the windows showing a view of the fountains going off quite frequently. The selection was quite large and the quality of the food was faultless. Nothing was dried out or over cooked in any way. The buffet here is layed out with thought in mind. Portions are small so as not to overwhelm a diner into thinking you can't come back for it again and if you didn't like what you had, it doesn't go to waste. Save room for dessert because there is a small room dedicated to nothing but the sweet side of dining. Again, small portions with a large selection so I suggest pacing yourself. I tried my best, but I didn't even get to the 4 different kinds of ice cream or the 1/2 of the kinds of small tortes they offered. Final opinion: For the price of admission, I don't think this place was worth it. Yes, the quality of the food was good and presentation was beautiful ( I had my first taste of raw kobe beef and I liked it), but I'll settle for a less formal setting the next time. The selection was good, but I kept thinking something was lacking here and I have yet to figure out what that is. Tips: Make reservations for a time and come with an appetite. Casual dress is fine for brunch, but I would ask first regarding dinner. I'm assuming the waiter will bring your drinks as requested, but I was sitting at the bar for my meal and the bartender took care of us very nicely. This one is good, but I think the one in Paris Hotel is better.
3	For the most part Jasmine is about what I expected - a nice ambience, romantic type dining establishment with very good service but too high a price tag for the food you get.  My review is for dinner a la carte, not the Fountains buffet.  Let's go through the good, the bad and the indifferent.  The good - the service, presentation and ambience are all good.  It's nice to sit with a view of the fountains and to eat on fine china with non-disposable chopsticks.  The lychee caipirhina (sp?) was very good, tasting more like lychee and less like paipirhina, with a little kick but not too strong for me.  The general's chicken is advertised as spicy but isn't really, it's like sweet & sour with kick.  It tasted pretty good and the portion was about the right size for one person.The walnut prawns had some good and some indifferent - the prawns themselves were very good - eight very large, perfectly cooked prawns.  The sauce though was disappointing.  I've had this dish before and it is usually a bit sweet, with a vanilla cream type sauce.  This one was mayo.  I'm not sure it was anything else besides mayo.  It could have been worse - it could have come with fruit cocktail.  The sauce wasn't 'bad' but it wasn't 'good' either.  More indifferent - My honey was planning on ordering a raspberry beignet type dessert but the waiter told him he should get one of three other desserts instead because 'those were the best'.  (They were all the same price).  So, he picked the white chocolate lychee cake which I had mentioned sounds pretty good.  It was ok, but not all that exciting.  The presentation was lovely though, I will give you that.  Honestly I am not unconvinced that the waiter wasn't just trying to sound like he was looking out for us by suggesting a different dessert, but I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.  The bad - the appetizer prices are just plain ridiculous, even by high-priced establishment standards.  The trio of dumplings is $18 for three dumplings, sized very small, small and average.  It's not easy to share the two smaller dumplings because there just isn't that much to cut in half.  They all tasted good though.The scallop appetizer though was even more insane, two quite small scallops with a sandy textured scraping of sauce on top that didn't really taste that great, served with a smattering of small mushrooms - for $17.  It should have been advertised as a mushroom appetizer with a couple small scallops on the side.  At least my honey likes mushrooms - I do not.  So we each got one small scallop and he got some mushrooms.  A huge disappointment on this one.  Our local sushi place makes a volcano roll for $13 that is covered with over a dozen scallops bigger than the two on this plate.  Yeah, I know our local sushi place isn't in the Bellagio but still... not good.Overall - I don't mind an expensive meal now and then, especially not in Vegas.  (We spent $200 and $150 on two nights in a row at Mesa Grill the two nights before we came to Jasmine).  But, I don't really feel that our money was as well spent at Jasmine, at least not as far as the food itself goes.  It's not bad per se but if you're going for a very pricey meal you want it to be good enough that you're not even thinking about how much you're spending on it and Jasmine doesn't really measure up there.
3	Good food, way overpriced, but what else did you expect on the Strip? We had the General Tso's chicken (pretty good), the XO string beans (very good), and the honeydew tapioca with mango sorbet for dessert (excellent). Nice view of the fountains, too.
4	Went here for the Sunday brunch.Great service!!  great oysters, good size shrimp and crab legs.They even had a lady who just cut the duck.Also served omelet and prime rib.They have a soup noodle station where you can pick your own noodle and toppings.keep in mind.. its not like a regular buffet brunch, you have to pay for each drink! even for soda, juice, ice teas
1	I remember eating here 10 years back and really loved the food.  I suggested to my friend visiting from India to go to Jasmine.  We booked a table for 8.Got a good table by the fountain and lovely decor.  The ambience is still fantastic.That is where all the good stuff ends.My hot and sour soup - first the waiter said we do not serve hot and sour soup vegetarian.  After trying to figure out wtf he is saying we managed to agree that he will get me a veggie based hot sour soup.  After the ordering of food we wait.The hot and sour soup - probably the WORST ever (period)!  I refuse to eat after three sips and when the waiters came to collect the bowls, I told him that this was the worst hot and sour soup ever.  He did not even bother listening or apologizing. He simply took away the bowl.out come the entree's.  My string beans was crap, the mapo tofu even crappier.  I was so embarrassed that I suggested this restaurant to my friends.  On the other hand they ordered some meat dishes and thought the food was ok.Now I was hoping after I complained that they would not charge me for the hot and sour soup.  Surprise surprise - I receive the bill and there it was - they had the audacity to charge me for the soup.1 star for crappy food and crappy service!  They are surviving because of the location and I hope someone shuts these fools down. They even have waiters that can't speak english.  Authentic chinese waiters but crappy chinese food!
5	The Peking duck here is delicious. Very interesting that they bring out the duck to carve part of it for the first dish then bring back the remaining duck in the kitchen to make the second dish which was a lettuce wrap. My wife and I ended up sharing this dish and we barely ate half of the duck, so I would recommend sharing this dish with someone. Jasmine also offers a great view of the fountain show at the Bellaio and a chance to take a break from the Vegas crowd.
3	I've eaten at the Sunday brunch here at least 5-7 times. It's one of the best buffets in town. The focus is not so much on variety, but rather the quality of food. This, matched with the view, is well worth your money.My biggest problem, however, is with the service. It's quite lackluster. The servers take the initial drink order and you're lucky if they return again. During my most recent visit, we were not given any delicious Peking Duck or the fun tower of fruit/pastries that every other table gets. How are those sorts of things missed when you're at this nice of a place? It all just seems very uncoordinated and for the price point, I want to feel like I'm getting quality service.Finally, I know this is minor but I also think it's a bit cheap of them to charge for sodas to begin with, let alone for refills. For $70+ tax/tip, can they not throw in a second Diet Coke?
2	Ambiance was incredible the food was at best underwhelming. For the price the food should have been MUCH better. Lacking flavor and skimpy ingredients.
1	Jasmine is apparently as Cantonese as my Jewish uncle.  The snack tray in the waiting area was the pinnacle of this meal. It was then a dizzying descent into one of the worst Chinese food meals I can remember (and that includes college lunch lines and sidewalk carts).  I had the General's chicken - he was probably dishonorably discharged. The sauce was 99% ketchup.  If the chicken was the general's then the seafood fried rice was Uncle Ben's - flavorless.  Avoid this one.
2	Overpriced Panda Express. I paid $150 for two people, and our food was mediocre at best. I ordered the lemon chicken, and she ordered the salmon. Her salmon was ok, but definitely not $40 ok. My lemon chicken tasted straight from Costco.
2	The fountain view was 5 stars, the decor was 5 stars.  But what really counts is the quality of the food for the price and the service.  Sorry, but it just wasn't. that great.  $18.88 for three little pot stickers was insane.  Tins Tea House in Oakland California does an incredible job on all of this for less than a 1/3 the price.  General chicken was barely OK...5 pieces and those literally tasted liked chicken nuggets with sweet sauce on them.  $8 for a bottle of water, that tasted just like the free water every other restaurant in Vegas served.  Drinks and wine were way overpriced...took 6 requests for soy sauce to be brought to our table.  Total bill without tip was $79.  No drinks, one appetizer, one entree we split.  I suggest to pass on this place.  There are other restaurants that face the fountain that have outstanding food and service.
4	Just like with great powers come with great responsabilities; Great food sometimes can come with big pocket hole maker price. Jasmine is no exception. Prices can rack the bill pretty quick specially if you decide to explore the non menu items.However, you will be getting awesome quality ..fellas this is the real deal, the hatori hanzo katana of Chinese food, not your 10 dollars replica at the mall kiosk (as long as you dont order the regular stuff)The food is amazing . Its freshness and taste was top knotch. Very unique and original plates are served in generous portions. This is definetly a sharing style kinda place.The dumplings are as fresh as you will get them and the wonton soup packs lots of flavor, however for me it was all in the entrees. We literally ordered every plate on the menu (big group) and can tell you that all of them were outstanding. I was getting karate chopped with flavor from every bite of every dish. I recommend the duck,Crab , Neptune pillow ,Seabass and soya prawns and compliment it with some Chinese broccoli and fried rice..BEWARE, if you are a panda express,  type of guy , you wont find most of those plates here.However, the menu has some items that wont freak you out and are catered towards the non Chinese guest. If you are into real Chinese food ask the server and the chef will make it for you Service is impeccable since we walked in . The restaurant carries a Fresh smelland a nice waiting room with Chinese candies. They have a sommelier that will approach the table plenty of times . Your plates will be constantly changed and my drink never saw anywhere lower than  1/2 full.This plus the decoration made the whole ambiance perfect . Nothing like watching the Bellagio fountains while having dinner!. I really  enjoyed this meal and it was a great experience. If you want to indulge yourself on a fancy Chinese dinner  this place will definetly rock your world while making a dent in your pocket. A verywell worthy dent though!
5	Sunday's in Vegas will never be the same again without Brunch at Jasmine's. PERIOD!Hungover or not, Jasmine's provided THE best service. We started our meal with freshly made noodle soups & table-side carved Peking duck. Our table featured fine china and were brought a trio of breakfast desserts & fruits. Views consisted of the Bellagio fountain show every 10 minutes & serving stations with food manicured w/ more detail than Bellagio's stunning seasonal garden.More food details... fresh seafood: King crab legs, fresh oysters, large shrimp cocktail, and sashimi. Dim sum for days, elegantly prepared American breakfast items, carving stations w/ every meat imaginable, and don't forget the desserts. There was literally a whole room dedicated to desserts w/ an attendant helping you choose the best way to get earn a cavity.There is no better way to describe Jasmine's than Amazing. They put the few cruise ships I've been on to shame. Worth every penny... you'll even make a new friend: the Peking Duck Guy!! "Don't leave our table!!!!"
1	What an incredible rip-off!  Outdated interior, food was just average, service was slow.  Most importantly $165 for two people for two entrees, an appetizer and two sodas.  Avoid this tourist trap at all costs.When we left, I felt like I had just been robbed.  I might has well have been playing dollar slots.
2	First time I went to Jasmine I had a great experience. Food was very good and I loved the ambience. Second time was so disappointing, food was bland, couldn't believe the lemon chicken (you can get better at a fast food place, believe me) and the cocktails are the closest thing to a non-alcoholic drink possible. Make sure if you order any cocktail, to ask for a "double dose" of whatever alcohol is in it so you don't drink watered down juice. Service was slow and it's just not worth the price. I had much better at PF Changs and the luxury doesn't match the food in this place, unfortunately.
4	Fabulous brunch!  This was my last stop in Vegas before heading home, and I'm glad I came in!  The food was delicious!  I loved the assortment that was available, as their was a vegetarian in our group as well.  Everyone left VERY full and happy....sweatpants were in order for the flight home!
3	We had a show to catch so we were in a bit of a rush and decided to skip the appetizers and just order mains-salmon, ginger fried rice (both signature dishes according to the menu) and baby bok choi. We were seated at 8, our food didn't arrive until 8:45, the restaurant was about 2/3 full and people who arrived around the same time as us were already getting their second and third courses. When the food did arrive the salmon was cold, if we had time we would have sent it back. The manager came to talk to us and comped our meal because of the delay which is why this place gets the 3rd star, the food itself is fairly regular, the salmon was nice, the fried rice and bok choi are nothing you can't get at your neighborhood Chinese restaurant.
4	Went there with another couple on our trip to Vegas. We had the brunch and could not believe the HIGH END spread that we saw at this place. Not only was the food being made fresh, but the food that was laid out was being refreshed/replenished almost every 5 minutes. I can't even name all the food that they had as there was just so much, omelette stations, raw bars with the best oysters, shrimp, lobster, carving stations, dumpling stations, and then to top it off a FULL ROOM just for DESSERT! this dessert room had fondue, cheesecakes, creme brulee, sorbets, mochi, ice creams, and much more! Another plus point was this restaurant is located in the Bellagio with ceiling to floor windows giving you a view to the AMAZING fountains shows that the bellagio is know for. Every 15 minutes, the music that is playing is the restaurant changes to what song is being played outside for the fountain so you can truly enjoy the fountain show with that particular song. LOVED IT, def will be back!
5	everytime were in vegas we go for sunday brunch. it's 58 dollars per person, but so worth it. all their food is very fresh, you have a view if the fountains and restaurant is beautiful with all the butterflies. service is high end. Must try the oysters extremely fresh ever time.
2	This was billed as fine dining, but frankly, the casual dim sum place in Bellagio, Noodles, has better food at about half the price. The service is good, the view of the fountains fantastic, but if you are looking for great Chinese food, this is NOT the place.
2	Jasmine's saving grace is its fortunate view of the Bellagio fountains, but aside from that it's just a typical, overpriced Strip restaurant.  My party got an assortment of dishes, including the Dim Sum trio, crispy walnut prawns, general chicken, and kung pao chicken, which will be dissected below.The General Chicken was named pretty accurately, it was very "General" in nature.  Not a lot of flavor and could have been whipped up by an amateur chef with simple ingredients.  The crispy walnut shrimp was simply not up to par - I've had better quality and flavor from Panda Express.  Kung Pao chicken was OK, but still nothing to write home about.Dim Sum trio was a straight up ripoff... I'm sorry, but if we knew THREE (yes, 3) dumplings would have costed us $18.88, we probably wouldn't have ordered them.  Said dumplings were also very run of the mill in quality and flavor.  Service was pretty good, but was honestly expected for the price gouging we endured here.
5	My husband and I love Vegas. Btw the 2 of us, we've been there 33 times (and we live on the East Coast. =)  When it came time for us to pick a place to have a mini-reception for our friends after we got married, we couldn't think of a more suitable city like Las Vegas.  And nothing says Las Vegas like a buffet! So we searched around and picked the buffet with the best view.  Little did we know that we came for the view but got the best buffet on the Strip - the Jasmine brunch buffet! All the awesome things:1) I called a few months before arriving and told the hostess that we were celebrating our nuptials with a few friends and to see if we could get a table by the window.  While they couldn't guarantee this, I showed up that day with the perfect table with a perfect fountain view, right next to the window.2) The food at the buffet was spectacular.  Even my super-picky friend couldn't stop raving about the bbq beef short ribs, which were soooo tender and tasty.  Then there was the Peking duck, carved table-side.  Talk about wow factor for your guests! 3) I have the biggest sweet tooth out there and the dessert ROOM at the buffet was alone worth the price tag. 4) B/c it was a celebration, my friends brought a bottle of champagne, which the waiter promptly served.  He even gave me a chilled bottle of the same thing, since mine was brand new/room temperature.  How thoughtful! Overall, my husband and I had a very memorable meal there - food was super tasty, atmosphere was absolutely lovely, service was fantastic.  We are planning on celebrating our 2 year anniversary at Las Vegas again this summer.  Can't wait to hit up Jasmine Brunch buffet again!
2	We were very excited to go to Jasmine after reading the reviews.  Big disappointment.  Overly salty, nearing inedible. Rude waiter.  Short and impatient with my wife, our order, overall experience. Will not be back.  Better service and treatment at restaurants half the price.
3	We had a great view here, seated right in the back so we got to see the Bellagio fountains. Food however, was ok, nothing impressive and not that flavorful. We got family style fried rice, some peking duck, egg rolls, wontons, the usual Chinese-american meal. Service wasn't great, it wasn't even that busy so we're not sure what was taking our waitress so long to bring us waters. Needless to say, we never came back even though we were staying right upstairs.
1	A party of 4 of us came in for dinner before seeing "O". The surrounding restaurants in the hotel we booked and had long wait. We should have known by the emptiness of Jasmine that it was a sign for what was to come. We were seated quickly and given menus. After a few minutes Paul came to introduce himself and take our drink orders. Since we have been living it up all day we just wanted some H2O. Paul offered sparkling or still. We opted for still. Before we knew it open bottles of Fiji water were placed on the table. Still water to me is good 'ole tap water but not here. After the 2 bottles were finished we requested tap. For entrees I ordered the BBQ Szechwan chicken ($28.) and a side of jasmine rice ($5.) Hubs ordered the pork udon ($20.) he asked for a side of rice and Paul told him "no, you don't need it with udon". All of us were taken back and surprised he was told no. Maybe Paul is the rice natzi (like the soup natzi in Seinfeld). The food took about 25-30 minutes. My entree was pretty good and spicy. The boneless chicken (you chose bone or boneless) but had a lot of chicken skin. The side of rice was served in a tiny cup. For the price it could have been a larger portion it is an inexpensive ingredient after all. The udon was good but hardly any pork given. Prices are crazy expensive but keep in mind it is located in the Bellagio. The 2 small bottles of water were $8. each! That was $16. bucks for water. But what really got us irritated was that we over heard Paul asking the table next to us if they wanted sparkling, still or tap water. He never asked if we wanted tap. At the end we felt taken advantage of, along with Hubs being denied a side of rice just put a damper on our experience. Next time we will not being coming here nor recommending it.
5	I have to say I'm surprised by many of the reviews I see on Yelp for Jasmine which are not that positive.  Jasmine is outstanding and I'm saying that as a New Yorker who eats out at least 5 times a week.  We just love Jasmine.  From the ambience to the decor to the views of the fountains to the outstanding food and the excellent service it is just fantastic.  We come to Vegas every year and would not miss going to Jasmine.   This time we had the duck carved at the table -- just delicious.  And we always have the lychee martins -- never had better.
5	It's rare for me to give a full five star review but, Jasmine truly meets the bill in all respects.We were curious to try out their famous Sunday brunch. I recommend reservations if you want prime window seating that overlooks the Bellagio fountain show. This restaurant is situated dead center of the fountains and runs every 15 minutes. So, A+++ on location and ambiance.Their food is totally fresh and is constantly being replenished. Dim sum selection was small but, still provided enough of a good selection. Hey, If you truly wanted a full Dim Sum menu, you would've gone to Chinatown. Right? Remember, you're at the Bellagio. All of the items were delicious, as you would expect from the Bellagio. For you bacon lovers, they provide sliced bacon on request. Oh yeah, you heard me. You'll find it by the craving station along with prime rib, turkey and ham.Their dessert room is off to the side. All of their desserts are made daily. Don't forget to select the variety of fruits and other dessert items to dip into their chocolate fountain. Also, ask their Pastry chef for what kinds of fresh ice cream and mochi ice cream they have available that day.Service is top notch. You would think you're at a full service sit down restaurant. Waiters will constantly check to see that your drinks are filled and empty plates are taken away.So, the next time you're in Vegas over the weekend, check out Jasmine's for a different buffet experience.
5	They made me wear pants, but they offered me a pair to wear, this was good because I just lost my pants at the craps table.  Actually they asked my size, went to the back and quickly came up with a pair in my size and in a dry cleaning bag.   The view from Jasmine of the bellagio fountains is very close to the fountains almost on top of them and really adds to the dinning experience.  Very nice to watch the fountains fill the view of the large windows during dinner.     The meal stared with a free offering of a tofu with mushroom, tasty little gem, its was very good.  Next she had the cream corn, yes cream corn, but it was very asian tasting which was a surprise and very good.  I had the lobster soup which at 18.99 was very pricey, but good.    Dinner she had the pepper steak, which she has had twice and is oh so tender and mmm good.  I had the BBQ Chicken which had a vinegar sauce, I was unsure about the vinegar sauce, but it really tasted good, it has a nice crisp skin.  Over the top of the whole plate was some type of crisp crunchy topping, I couldn't figure out what it was, but it was really good.  So in the end we really liked it, sure we just dropped $150 on Chinese food, but it was the best Chinese food I have ever had, completely different then what you think of Chinese food.  Great view, excellent service and good food, just make sure you wear pants,lol.
5	Sunday Brunch. Just go and bring $$$$.Honestly I don't even know how to write this review. I don't know the names of half the stuff I ate (although I have pictures), but they were sooo good........But I will say the lobster eggs benedict - BOMB! You have to try it. Nutella banana french toast, also good, although nothing too crazy. The braised beef (some Chinese dish) - super tender and flavorful and moist. Gotta try that.They also have a slab of bacon (and other meats), ready to slice for you. MMMMM. Desserts were alright, the watermelon sorbet tasted exactly like a watermelon.And oysters! I always go for oysters.
4	We loved our first time at Jasmine!  The room is beautiful, directly overlooking the fountains of Bellagio.  The food was very tasty and was served in a quick and efficient manner.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.  We'll definitely be back!
2	Having read the reviews and checked out the menu and decor in person before deciding on it, I could not have been more surprised to have such a disappointing experience.  The wine by-the-glass list is inexplicably short, but the options are decent.  The view of the fountains is great at certain tables.  We were not at one of those tables.We ordered:-  Crispy Eggplant (chef's special appetizer): tasty, but oddly dry.  Served with an overly dusty coating and no sauce.-  Hot and Sour Soup:  All hot, no sour, with an unwelcome sweetness.  They took it off the bill, though.-  Kung Pao Chicken:  Bland in taste and texture, with large, flat medallions of tough chicken and super-sweet cashews overpowering any hope of a savory note.-  Braised Kobe Short Ribs:  Stew meat served on a gelatinous bed of noodles oozing some kind of thin brown liquid.  Tasteless and unappetizing for everyone at the table.We were far too disappointed by this point to try dessert.  Plus we were both still hungry, so we left and got chili-cheese fries at Snacks on the casino floor.  Now THOSE were really good!
4	Absolutely amazing brunch! Everything I put on my plate I ate it all!!!!! That's how good it was, I didn't even bother to go to the carving station (steaks, ribeye), I really enjoy the lobster Benedict -  it's moist and so flavorful, caviar on buckwheat- one heaven bite, Asian style ribs - it melts on your mouth, hamachi on squid ink cone - taste like summer! Those are few of my favorites, oh and of course oysters.... Yes oysters that is very buttery is a winner!!  Make sure you make reservation, they don't always have Sunday brunch enjoy them when you can :D
4	Jasmine has AWESOME views of the Bellagio fountains.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated.  The servers are attentive and polite.The food is good, but definitely not of the caliber that you would get in Chinatown.  And of course the prices are way inflated due to the fact that it's a fancy restaurant in a fancy casino.
5	Jasmine was a perfect choice for a light supper after a show. Ringside seats for fountains was a bonus. Two of us shared a delicate won ton soup, an assortment of delicious steamed won tons followed by their signature chicken, asparagus ginger rice. Everything was delicious and service was outstanding
1	I went to Jasmine ten years ago and thought it was the most amazing restaurant...Unfortunately it has gone down in quality and service to the level of complete embarrassment!!!  The food quality is equal that of a panda express you would find in a local mall.   The service is equally horrible!  The only thing that makes up for both is the incredibly amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.Incredibly sad to see a restaurant completely go down in such a way. I will NEVER go there again.
1	It was $1,600 for a party of 9. I still can't believe they bill us nearly $96 in soft drink REFILLS. Apparently $4.50 for a coke is only for ONE. Each refills were at $4.50. The staff was incredibly slow and they seem to have an attitude problem. I highly respect Bellagio for its class but I can't understand for the life of me how this restaurant was able to get a contract in this hotel. Food was subpar, you can probably do better at Panda Express.
5	My new favorite brunch.  Owner is from Singapore and the staff all seem to speak either Cantonese or Mandarin.  Food is decadent but nicely proportioned.  You can get a taste of many things without feeling bad that a ton of food is going to waste.  Omlette bar is a waste of space in my opinion, but the dim sum, the congee, the noodles, the sushi, the raw bar, the sliced brunch offerings....I can go on and on.  There is a separate room just for dessert.  The dessert room has your standard chocolate fountain but the strawberries were as big as my fist.  There is an attendant just to scoop ice cream and sorbets.  There are mountains of truffles and fruit pates also.Not to be missed:  chicken congee, braised shortribs, thick cut maple bacon, truffle carpaccio cones, sushi, oysters.  It is pricey.  Two buffets, two cocktails and a pot of tea came out to about $160.00This is not a place you can get into easily without a reservation.  The views of the fountains are amazing and you don't feel hurried or rushed out.  Overall, I'd go back again soon.  It's taken the place of my old standbys of Wynn or French Market bistro.   I hear the dinner service will be delicious and may try that.  I had a wonderful time and found the service to be kind and attentive without overly intrusive  (not that I'd ever be upset at anyone doing a tableside peking duck carving for me).  Even the China food is served on is elegant.  Make some money at the tables and come here.
4	Hubby and I had brunch here on the first Sunday in Sept '13.  Everything was amazing. The ambiance, the food, the service - it all complimented each other and I'l definitely looking forward to returning.My only complaint and it is a big deal to us - the tables were so close together.  Not even a foot apart.  We were lucky enough to be seated next to a couple who were arguing about the wife returning to Vegas for a bachellorette party and the husband wanted to come too.  It was a lengthy conversation and we heard all the tidbits from him wanting to stay in the same room - NO - to staying in the same hotel - NO - to him getting mad and saying he was taking a guy trip on his own.  We didn't need to hear all that and neither did you but I want to express how long this went on and how close we were.  Fix the table issue Jasmine!  You would have gotten 5 stars if not for that.  If I could give 3.5 then that is what I would have given.
4	We had dinner there when it opened on a Sunday evening.  The ambiance and the view of the Bellagio fountain makes the setting very special.  We ordered the vegetable spring rolls, wonton soup, grilled salmon, prime beef tenderloin and the szechuan roasted chicken.  All of the food was good to very good and the beef was perfectly cooked to medium as requested.  The salmon was ok but my least favorite and for the most part, the dishes were not particularly special.  The most outstanding dish, and a reason to return, was the chef's special szechuan roasted chicken which was moist with a crispy skin and deliciously spicy.  I've been eating chinese food for 30 years and never had anything quite like it.  The service was very good as one would expect from a high end restaurant.  I wish we'd had room for dessert.
5	I had a fantastic time at Jasmine with my girlfriend. Service was very attentive, food was great! Lady manager came by and checked on our entrees. This is my second time in Jasmine, it would definitely not be our last. We will be back for sure!
5	Dining at jasmine was a great experience! I went in for dinner when I had some out of town guests, what a beautiful restaurant! We were greeted and brought to our table quickly, the view was amazing from out table! The food and the service was wonderful, a lot of people complain and say this place is over-priced, but to be honest, I dine at quiet a few restaurants on the strip, you can't compare those places to your local china town restaurants, you will never get a view of the beautiful bellagio fountain anywhere else!
5	Excellent food; very attentive service
4	I have a lot of traditions for trips to Vegas. As soon as I arrive, I like to eat at X restaurant, see Y show, place Z bet... not really for luck, but just because I like traditions.For the first time in a while, I have added a new tradition: Fountains Brunch at Jasmine. I don't understand why anyone would eat at a Vegas buffet, including the Bellagio's, when this exists. Maybe it's because I already have a penchant for dim sum and other authentic Chinese dishes, but the selection was so much better than... well any other buffet, ever.The ambiance for me was not that awesome, honestly - much like other parts of the B, it needs some TLC. To be fair, we had a table in a super weird spot, but I think that happened because we used VIP services to sneak in an extreme last-minute reservation (which is actually amazing that they could make that happen, so good on them).I tripped over the table skirts once and saw other people do it multiple times. I wonder how often people go flying with plates of food in their hands. But I digress- the food was pretty good. I can't argue with all-you-can-eat siu mai and charsiew bao, ever, and the Bellagio actually makes pretty good siu mai. The western breakfast selections were not as good as they sounded (red velvet waffle? ehhh), but that's not what I was there for, so whatever. The important thing is that the experience was so good that we decided it ranked high enough to be a new tradition. There were so many things, like the make-your-own soup station, that I didn't even get to try. Next time I'll surely reserve a table ahead of time and actually get the full experience.
4	Jasmine has Sunday brunch buffet~ I believe it's starting from Xmas to New Years! I went to try it yesterday and like how they have many different varieties from authentic Chinese Dim Sum, Peking Duck & buns, Noodle bar, to fusion tuna/ crab/ and korean beef ceviches, and Western fresh-made omelets, egg & lobster benedicts, lobster pot pies, prime ribs, and their special fresh grilled bacons. At the end, there are endless desserts - marshmallow/ strawberry Fon Du, special flavor ice-creams (i.e. mango, dulce chocolate/ caramel), and my favorite creme brulee! Everything is tiny portion, so you can try many different food! Totally fulfill all foodies' desires of trying everything. My friend loved it and would want to bring friends and families when they visit Vegas from Canada!Highlights:* I like their unique Kirfir w/ fresh fruits where it has some herbal leafs as to touch up such a fresh and light taste! Healthy!! * Authentic Peking duck w/ buns* Many varieties ~ fulfill everyone's taste, not only authentic Chinese food, but combine with Western cuisine too! * Nice fountain view
3	Food was pretty good but atmosphere was a bit stuffy and formal for my taste. The best part of the dinng room is that it overlooks the fountains at Bellagio, so every 15 minutes or so you would get to see the fountain shows. Service started out a bit slow but once we told them we were in a hurry they picked up the pace.There was a small group of us so we went family style with a couple of us ordering chef tastings/Pre fixe menu and a couple noodle dishes and a fried rice dish and shared them. Dinner for 5 including gratuity was $530.00, which is by far the most expensive chinese food I have ever eaten but we did have a couple bottles of wine and cocktails.
3	Not worth the money.  Food is average.  Setting is nice.  Service is below average.  I recommend many other  places in Chinatown as it has better food.
5	I enjoyed The Sunday Brunch. The Lobster eggs Benedict, green New Zealand Clams, juicy duck meat, and white chocolate marshmallows. All are wonderful tasty treats.Overlooking the water fountains and exceptional personal service; hats off to Chef Hiew:)
3	Came here for Sunday brunch buffet. They were super busy, but their service was superb! As you walk into the restaurant you are in awe of the awesome view of the Bellagio fountain. The ambience is amazing, it feels like your about to have high tea. You don't feel like you have to rush and grab all the food you can possibly stuff in your face. Just sit back relax and grub.The food was good, but it didn't blow my mind. They had a good variety of food. They offered an omelet station, hot soup noodle bar, oysters (they were really good!!!) lobster egg benedict, bacon, dim sum, tuna tartare, sushi, everyone gets one piece of Peking duck (one of the best items), hand rolled chocolate truffles, choc fondu, yummy mango sorbet. Well you get the point. There were some really good eats, but most of them were okay for the price. You're really paying for the ambience, when you dine here. It's a great place to spurge when you're in Vegas.I'll be back...when I win big. ;)
5	Jasmine's food was amazing! Especially the desert. I tried a variety of their selections and I was just flabbergasted. It was the first time I tried a Cantonese cuisine that had a special touch only one could describe when try take their first bite. The waiters and waitress had made the restaurant a very welcoming environment. They were very friendly people who would help one at request and try their best to meet the expectations. At the end of the restaurant, guests could see the scene of Bellagio's famous water show! It was an amazing sight to see while enjoying one's brunch. The cooks were nice enough to bring some of the food made, right on spot to our tables, letting us enjoy our time eating.The only downside was the sign outside the door explaining the times were a bit confusing. There should be a separate sign that speaks to the guests about the brunch times. Other then that, the restaurant exceeded my expectations!
4	Jasmine has now been added to the list of "special" Sunday brunches in Las Vegas.  More upscale than one of the massive buffets, with better service, decor, and quality (and a higher price point), Jasmine also has the benefit of location- situated directly in front of the fountains of Bellagio with floor to ceiling windows allowing diners to be treated to a show as they ate.I wish that I'd been able to try a few more items, but what I did try was good. Not amazing, but good.  I enjoyed the shrimp dumplings, the prime rib, the Peking duck and buns, I LOVED the nutella and banana French Toast (no syrup necessary), and the shrimp, oysters, and mussels were very fresh and tasty.  I wasn't as crazy about the crab legs, and the lobster pot pie was not what I expected.  The lobster benedict was good, not great.  I didn't have an opportunity to try many of the Asian offerings or the omelette station.The dessert room (yes, an entire room devoted to sweets), also didn't quite blow me away. There was a chocolate fountain with all sorts of items for dipping, as well as a variety of ice cream/sorbet along with plenty of little pastries.  I liked the creme brulle and the "shot" of chocolate cheesecake. If I wanted to impress on a Sunday, I'd certainly consider Jasmine's brunch buffet. Hopefully, next time I will be able to sample of few more of their offerings.
5	Best Sunday brunch in town. Great bellagio fountain view and excellent service. Their Peking duck is outstanding.  I highly recommended ! A must place to enjoy Sunday brunch !
5	My husband and I went to the buffet for our 18th wedding anniversary. What an amazing experience we had at Jasmine's the day after Christmas! From the incredible decor and view of the Bellagio's stunning fountain show, to the great variety of dishes and desserts, we were so happy we treated ourselves.It was quite the experience. Not just a meal, but an adventure! I had such a blast trying all the different Dim Sum. There was such a great variety of dishes. Something for everyone it seemed. I can tend to be a bit of a picky eater and there was so much to try and I liked so many things, I can't even remember. My favorites were the pork buns, crapes, Rambutan fruit (the waitress showed me how to eat), and of course the decadent desserts!Such a good time and the price was worth the experience. We will definitely be back again!
5	Best time I ever had was in this restaurant! Me and my husband  booked our valentine's dinner with them and we had the most wonderful experience . While dinning , you could hear and see the Bellagio fountain running, the food was ok, and everything else worth going! Love it, highly recommend it!
5	This review is for the dim sum buffet.  Absolutely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  We stayed at the Bellagio after Christmas and it was very busy at all the restaurants.  So we wandered into Jasmine.  This is quite a step up from your ordinary buffet.  The room is beautiful with drapes, chandeliers,  tablecloths, china and silverware.  Best of all is a beautiful view of the fountains.  There are several stations with a chef serving you including the carving station, seafood, salads, soups, and crepes as well as a variety of dim sum and desserts. We had fun eating the fresh lychee fruit.  It was a relaxed and comfortable setting, no crowds.  Service was excellent.  My only complaint is that beverages are not included.  I think for the price at least they could offer some juice, soda or hot tea.  The good news is they offer a reduced price for children although I would recommend it for older children who enjoy Asian food.  I would definitely return.
2	I recently went to Las Vegas with the ladies.  We decided to try Jasmine because it looked like fine dining and the menu looked good.  It wasn't very busy yet the service was slow.  It took awhile to get a waiter, then he took a long time to get our drinks.  Once he finally took our order the food came out quick enough but the waiter was lacking.  He didn't keep our wine filled like Spago did.  He even seemed to rush us out at the end even though he was the one taking the time.  It wasn't like we were his last table.  We were not demanding or rude.  I don't understand why he treated us so poorly.  The food was good but we will not go back.
5	Jasmine is so beautiful and exquisite, I was floored upon entering.  Ornate door handles the size of children welcomed us into the butterfly foyer where gorgeous yellow garden wallpaper set the theme behind royal chairs and consoles, thick cream mouldings and a stunning black and gold diamond patterned hostess stand.  We were led through the buffet to our table with a grand view of the Bellagio Fountain outside the wall of glass, draped in thick silk hanging from coffered ceilings, the center of which had a square devoted to colorful butterflies floating in a background of yellow happiness.  Each table was placed with shiny silver and exceptionally beautiful pink Versace chargers with a large butterfly in the center.  I can't even begin to describe the food in a way that would do the presentation justice.  Lemon "trees" where each cloth-wrapped half lemon hung on a branch, ready for the "picking", tiny agrarian jars of salads, (rare beef or crab edamame to name a couple), and mango infused muesli, the tenderest WuXu spare ribs, personal lobster pot pies, red velvet waffles, Nutella and banana French Toast, a dessert room with a towering dark chocolate fountain, vanilla bean and milk chocolate fondues, tiny round truffle balls of fine orange chocolates, homemade marshmallows squares, shot glasses of gelled coffee cheesecake and tiny bite-sized tarts where every piece of fruit was hand-placed perfectly to make each tarte identical.  I ordered a raspberry mint Bellini after a lady at our neighboring table promoted it to me as the most delicious drink.  She was right.  I couldn't believe, and am still wrapping my mind around the fact that there is a place like this.  Jasmine is officially my favorite room, location...I can't even call it a restaurant.  It's beyond that.  Ahhhhhhhh.....
1	Had dinner at this place the evening before valentine day. No doubt the ambience is awesome but food is very expensive and horrible. You can get a better bargain at the buffet in Cesar's Palace. Avoid this place.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas!! The food is exquisite!!! The service is amazing. It is also located in front of the hotel most beautiful fountain and it is simply a dream!!! For a date seating by the Window at night it is the most romantic place ever. Food again fulfill you but does not make you feel that you are ready for bed but to continue on and enjoy the night away!!! If you do not know what to order no worries they will recomend the best most delish dishes they have!!! Bon apetite!!!!
1	THE WORST restaurant I've dined in, in Las Vegas! This place is one of two reasons I decided to set up a Yelp account. We came here at the recommendation of a Bellagio employee (We also stayed at the Bellagio). So maybe our expectations were too high (???) Had a dinner reservation for 4, Saturday 8 pm. Got there a few minutes before 8, waited an additional 15-20 minutes to be seated. No big deal. The only reason I gave this place 1 star is because I have to & because the fountains are nice to look at. The rest of the atmosphere was quite boring with outdated decor. Our waiter was no where to be found for most of the evening. Very slow in taking our order & kept disappearing mid-sentence. It also took a very long time to get our food. We weren't being rude or demanding so can't figure out why he provided such horrible service, maybe he had a bad day. The food was just ok, I've had much better Chinese food in the Bay Area, maybe even at Panda Express. We didn't order drinks (except Pellegrino) & didn't order dessert (couldn't wait to get out of there). Our bill was $160 per couple, gratuity included. For mediocre food & horrible service, really?! I could've ordered the same amount of food but much better quality, back at home for well under $80!While we had hoped for a fine, fun, pleasant dining experience on a Saturday night in Vegas, this was definitely NOT it. I am also wondering if we dined at the same restaurant as other Yelp users. Yikes!Needless to say, we will never return to this restaurant. Very disappointing.
4	The Sunday brunch at Jasmine is a must! Everything gourmet all you can eat, included, truffle tuna tartar in a spinach cone, lobster eggs benedict, caviar topped mini waffles! Also a separate dessert room, creme brulee, chocolate covered strawberries! The price per person is $58 isn't bad at all for the quality food you are getting, can't wait to go back.
3	Came here for dinner on Saturday and was quite disappointed.  I remember come here a few times years back and being blown away by the selection, the service, and of course the decor and prime spot for the fountain show.  This time around, the food was mediocre, the service was meh, and the only thing going for them was the location.  Had reservations at 6 with a group of 11.  Got seated right near the windows right in front of the fountains.  The waiter arrived and asked if we knew what we would like to order.  He were looking over the menu searching for all the seafood and high end dishes that we had expected to see from our past experiences here but nothing was found.  The menu seemed to have been dwindled down to average Chinese dishes that you can find at any chinese restaurant in Chinatown.  We asked if they had any specials and were offers a crab dish that wasn't even that great.  The would say the best thing we had all night was the Grilled Atlantic Salmon with Hawthorn berry sauce.  It was tangy (kind of like sweet and sour).  In addition the mediocre food, the service was not acceptable for a fine dining restaurant like Jasmine.  The waiter was impatient and pushy.  He continued to rush us throughout the ordering process and even got into a minor debate regarding the menu items with us.  Also, we had to ask multiple times to get refills on drinks.  They might have been short-staffed but coming to a place like Jasmine, you expect to have great service.  My family and I will probably not be coming back here.  We could've paid the same amount and got so much more food at chinese restaurants off the strip with the same (if not better) service.
4	Great food.  This meal will be an investment.  I would guess around $80 per person.  Make sure you are interested in eating Traditional- American Chinese food.  This is a dressy restaurant with one of the best views of the fountain in the city.
5	Oh my goodness. The brunch is one of the best that I have ever had. Everything is portioned small, so you can (and should) try a little bit of everything. Highlights:- The peking duck is delicious, and authentically prepared. - Tuna and mango tartar in tiny ice cream cones - just the best treat- Foie gras profiterole - because a cream puff just isn't rich enough? - Crab legs with bourbon spiked cocktail sauce- A dessert ROOM? Eat everything here too.The exceptional location can't be beat - upscale dining right behind the Bellagio fountains? It's kind of hard to think of a single thing to be upset about in an atmosphere like that. AND they pipe in the music from the fountains, so you can enjoy the show without standing outside forever.MUST do this.
2	The 2 stars is for the view. You can see the Bellagio waterfall. The food was ridiculous. Overpriced panda express. Ordered the General Taos chicken and it tasted like they put heinz ketchup in there.
2	First of all the food was fair to mediocre ! The prime rib was so tough my knife could barely cut through it ! The gelato certainly did not taste like any good quality gelato I have ever tasted! Some of the pastries were Stale! The best thing I had here was the omlett! The Peking duck was so so. The variety of buns & dumplings was amazing but they themselves were ordinary. The short ribs were good! All drinks are not included in this hefty brunch price! So for the price this place is a NO!
5	Great Sunday buffet brunch.  Not the cheapest but you are paying for ambience and view.  Didn't expect the OJ to be charged separately at $7.50 a glass but that was a small issue.  Selection is not overwhelming but enough to be fun.  Service was on point. View was also perfect for brunch.  Desserts were probably the least impressive.  Will come back.
5	One of my favorite places for Sunday brunch, it's amazing.  Decor is elegant and it's always great when you can get a table with a view of the fountains.  I think it's definitely worth the price.
4	Jasmine is the epitome of elegance situated in the heart of the Bellagio- which is also one of the most elegant places I've ever set foot in.Even at 10.00pm there was a small wait list so my partner and I were asked to sit in the parlour style bar/waiting room until our table was ready. We were seated right near the window so had a gorgeous view of the fountains and the light show which made the experience so much more magical!The food was absolutely delicious and there was definitely plenty to go around, which is sometimes not the case in upmarket restaurants.Highly recommend the beef ribs, vegetable spring rolls and the sweet and sour pork, all house favourites and can't really go wrong with them.Beautiful decor and wonderful food- what else could you possibly want?
5	The food was perfect. Front row view of the fountains--which are always spectacular. Service was fabulous. Dessert was so good! Want to eat there again!
5	Now that the Sterling brunch has closed it's doors, this is by far the best brunch in Vegas! For only $58/person, Jasmine serves some of the freshest seafood found in Vegas...the shrimp cocktail is amazing, the oysters are sweet and delicious, and the smoked salmon with creme fraiche and trimmings is memorable enough for me to crave! The condiments for the seafood is classic yet unique. The highlight is definitely the Peking duck, sliced perfectly with just enough sauce and green onion wrapped in a freshly steamed bun. When we arrived, the beauty of the restaurant takes your breath away. The front desk service was excellent. We had a great table right in front of the expansive windows with a perfect view of the fountains. Our table server was not great...reminds me of servers at Cantonese restaurants in Monterey Park. He barely noticed our table...definitely not the kind of service I expect at a restaurant of this caliber. But the busboy (young Mexican guy) was excellent and on top of things...his outstanding service makes up for the Cantonese waiter!One thing I found disappointing was that soft drinks, tea, and coffee are all extra...this is brunch...make those inclusive!The cold dishes were unique as well...foie gras profiteroles were a nice touch, the tuna cone was fantastic, and the cheese and meat platter was delicious (although it looks limited in selection, each cheese and meat was excellent...anymore selections would have taken away from the quality). Plenty of options and much more than I could eat...I didn't get to everything, but I will try those next time!
5	This is a review about their Sunday brunch.$58 for brunch?  Yeah.  It's expensive.  I felt guilty spending that kind of money on brunch especially since I'm not wealthy, but let me tell you... it's worth it.Ok, let me justify it.  For a decent brunch in Vegas, I normally spend about $30.  In Vegas, I'm not looking to eat at Denny's and try to get away with brunch for $10.  $30 is about right for a nice, fun place with decent food for brunch.  Couple that with the fact that I ate so much I barely ate a snack for dinner.  So I saved the cost of dinner, which I would have spent another $30-$40.  Now, add in the elegant and luxurious ambience at Jasmine, sitting next to the Bellagio fountains, and the price isn't so bad!Now that we've got the sticker shock out of the way, I have to say this is one of the top things you must try in Vegas before you die.  Or maybe I should say, this is one of the top things you must try in Vegas before they get wise to it and raise the price.So what makes this place so damn good?  Let's start with the Peking Duck.  I am from Hong Kong and I know a good Peking Duck, and this was totally legit.  Crispy skin, they sliced it thin so you only got the skin, not the fat, and not the meat.  The bun that goes with it?  Superb.  Soft, light, and fluffy.  Even Peking Duck at some of the nicer restaurants in Monterey Park can't compete.  I can sit there and eat just that all day.Poached shrimp cocktail... Gigantic, meaty and delicious.They had poke style tuna in a little waffle cone made with squid ink.  That was fabulous.  Similarly, they had a beef tatare in a spinach waffle cone.  That wasn't as good, but still pretty tasty.Smoked salmon was excellent.They had dim sum (har-gow and shu-mai).  Not the best dim sum I've had, but pretty good.  I would say better than the dim sum found at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's.So many of the items there were delicious, i can't go through them item by item.  Let's just say I was very impressed by most of the things there.With that said, there are some things to avoid:1. The asian noodle soup station.  I love noodles.  I will never turn down noodles.  But at the noodle station you have a choice of maifun (rice noodles) or egg noodles served with chicken stock.  You can add fish balls, fish cakes, and vegetables in it.  The soup was bland.  The noodles were bland.  Just did not hit the spot.2. Lobster Eggs Benedict.  What's not to love?  Eggs Benedict with Lobster.  Well, it's a poached egg (which was prepared beautifully), sitting on top of a potato cake with tiny bits of lobster in it.  And that potato cake was not good at all.  Mushy, bland, and overall yucky.  The egg on top was delicious though.3. Mochi ice cream.  This was absolutely disgusting.  The mochi was hard and waxy.  Even frozen supermarket packaged mochi is superior.  Ever had one of those single-serve mozzarella cheese snacks that come in a little waxy package that you peel away to reveal the cheese inside?  Yeah, that's what this felt like.  Break open the mochi shell and just scrape out the ice cream.There were so many things to try, and even though there were some misses, most of them were hits.  58 bucks is a lot of money to spend (by the way, drinks are not included in the price, so be prepared to spend more than that).  So this is definitely a luxury and a splurge, but completely worth it.
1	Would rate zero stars if possible! Never ever, never ever eat Dinner here.  After living and working throughout China for 7 years 1995-02 I have a basic knowledge and appreciation for Chinese Cuisine.Do not be fooled by the great fountain views, white linen, and atmosphere of The Bellagio.  This place is grossly overpriced and serves marginal quality food. Our recent experience for two consisted of water with lemon, three appetizers, and two entrees for $181. Three Appetizers - soup (salty and bland), scallops ( 2 mini scallops and 1 pastry thingy), and duck combo( marginal). Two Entrees - stir fried veggie plate (wait staff asked if we wanted it with American Broccoli or Chinese Broccoli) we choose the American (then served with no Broccoli), and Udon Noddles (overcooked soggy noodles, and limp bland old veggies).  We were rushed though the meal and then when we complained to the Manager about everything  he attempted to ignore our concerns or change the subject.We have taken at least one trip per year for the past 25 years to Vegas and this by far has been our worst Dinner Dinning Experience.
1	so many freaking 5 star reviews. Something is incredibly fishy.  And it stinks - I know this because I just ate there yesterday and it was NOT NOT NOT that good.I repeat it was NOT that good..And I'm Asian...I know Asian food and this was GROSSLY overpriced for an allegedly high end Chinese Restaruant.  I thought Blossom was 6 on a 1 to 10 scale.  On that same scale after eating at Jasmine, I would rate Blossom at a 9 and Jasmine at a 2 or 2.5 - no higher and 5 stars?  WTF are you guys smoking? Seriously. 1. Trio of dumplings - BLEH.  Really $18?  Small and tasteless2. Corn chowder soup - no real flavor at all. $18? Yikes3. Salt and Pepper Lobster - this had to be one of the most disappointing dishes of all.  and for $68 bucks it stunk.  I rate it a 1.  The waitress highly recommended noodles in place of rice - how can you screw that up? Oh man you did - bland and (wait for it) terribly over cooked - there's an apparent theme going on here. Even their specialty drinks were small in size and watered down. Sad.Very Very Sad and DISAPPOINTING.Once again - beware of all these 5 star reviews.  After having eaten there I think either these people have been eating dirt for the last few years or they are fake fake fake.
5	Best restaurant I have ever experienced. The most beautiful china and service is very professional. But the food is spectacular I have never experienced such delicious food it just melts in your mouth and right infront of you is the Bellagio fountains so it gives a great ambiance over all experience was excepcional. Definitely a place you have to go before you die.
2	Went here Sunday 10/12/2014 for brunch with SUPER high expectations and was let down.... I think a lot of these reviews are from people that have not had real good Chinese food... I could see a 5 star review if your comparing it to panda.. And quite honestly is rather have some of the dishes at panda.... It's getting a 2 star because it did have amazing shrimp dumplings (huargau)I know that's not how it's spelled... Most of the stuff was just OK and a lot of it was not so good... The soup bar was TASTELESS!Have had way better Chinese food off the strip and $58 there fed a party of 6...I'm glad I tried if but I won't return.....
3	Bland and boring.  My local $35 Chinese restaurant services much better food than the $78 I spent here. Expected so much more.  Great views of the fountains.  Service outstanding.
2	I would like to award three different ratings to this restaurant -- one for ambiance; one for food; and one for service.Food was meh - fine. Nothing memorable, nothing offensive. Let's just get that off the table -- it was perfectly fine. I will say that every dish we ordered was brought to the table just warmer than lukewarm, but, it was fine.The restaurant would get more stars for atmosphere. We ONLY chose this place because we -- well, *I* -- was fried from Vegas. Too much noise. Too many lights. Walked by this place and a) tables were available now, and not with a one hour wait, and b) it was relatively quiet. Such a relief on the ears! Now, the quiet is relative to the cacophony of the casino, right? I did suffer a bit of PTS from the constant expectation that the fountain show would start up again and we would have to hear "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds." Again. For like the twentieth time over dinner. (Would hate to be a server here for that reason alone.)So, why the two stars? The service. Our actual server for the meal was just fine -- unobtrusive and efficient. But unfortunately, the only service I can remember is the sommelier. The man who, when my dinner guest asked "What do you recommend here?" responded with, "I don't know. I never eat here." And then, after a meaningful pause, added "ever." He was just kind of an overall dipshit to us throughout, but it was that one line that portended doom for our dining experience, and, is the one thing I will remember about my eating experience at Jasmine.
5	Great view of the fountain.  Outstanding food. I had the prime beef tenderloin.  Service was friendly and quick. Very pricey,  but that's to be expected at the Bellagio.
2	Im a food aficionado and i love me some cantonese chinese - but wow. extremely disappointing food. beautiful view, you're in the bellagio but the chicken is dry and shrimp taste like buffet shrimp. i rather not. jackie chan would not approve and neither do I.
4	Very nice environment, with good view to the music fountain. The service was nice too, the a little bit pricy.
3	Knowing my BF despises buffet style dining yet he's still a big fan of Jasmine, we decided to come here for Jasmine's famous Christmas brunch. I thought I was lucky when I found out Jasmine was offering dim sum buffet brunch from 12/25/14-1/4/15. As it turned out it was nothing short of mediocrity.Since they did not want to take my reservation, I was a bit worried that I needed to wait in line, but they weren't all that busy to begin with on a Friday noon (12/26/14,) looking back that probably should've been a sign. I have no problem with paying $58 per person as long as they make it worth my while. And as far as the reviews about their lobster served during brunch, I've seen none... They did serve fresh, big, and peeled shrimps as well as crab legs (though not as fresh as the shrimps.) And the oysters were just plain gross. It did not look fresh at all, they looked rather staled.As for the dim sum? They were just okay, nothing I haven't tasted before (unlike the ones from China Poblano at Cosmopolitan, those were great!!!) Poor dessert selection, only a few items available. I did enjoy the tiramisu cup. And my bf and I were pleasantly surprised on how delicious their crepes turned out, considering Jasmine being a Chinese restaurant.Other than those points, I have no any recollection whatsoever about my "special holiday dim sum buffet" at Jasmine. The servers were very prompt to fill up our cups or clean the plates, but somehow it did not feel personal enough. My BF and I both were trying to talk to the hostess, servers, or even the manger, no one had cracked a smile once... Perhaps the fact I was there with a white guy sitting next to me was too much for them to handle? I guess I'll never find out...Yes, I'm very well aware Jasmine is situated inside of Bellagio and considered themselves as "fine dining," but that "we don't take reservation unless it's for party of 8 or more" is just plain preposterous. Are they not aware not everybody travels in packs? what about couples like us? More importantly, their men's room though designed nicely, but the toilet wasn't even scrubbed down nor clean... there were "residues" all around it (Someone definitely had some digestive problems before I got there, gross)...  Overall, if you must have Bellagio fountain view with your dim sum and "buffet style dessert," I'd say give this place a whirl. Just be sure you come with a large party, otherwise they wouldn't even seat you anywhere close to the terrace where you'd truly get to see the fountains...
2	Staff is friendly and attentive, but food is AWFUL & expensive. The only reason I dine here is for the view. Breathtaking view!
3	We came here for a birthday dinner...we were a party of 12 (including 2 toddlers and 2 infants). The hostess, upon seating us, said the children were welcome but would need to leave if they started crying/fussing. It was a weird greeting but luckily our children behaved for the dinner.The view is top notch - you really can't get closer to the Bellagio fountain show than from here! Decor is also elegant and romantic!Food was good, although pretty overpriced. I didn't expect much since I have Canto cuisine all the time, so my expectations weren't high. I probably wouldn't order the sea bass again though (one small piece for $48!!!) Service was also very attentive, with constant water refills and clearing of the plates.
