3	great road food  be prepared to see some weird siteswas back  aug.22 109 out side  60 inside had one of the bestpatty melts ever  chispy and gressey it was great.
4	I remember seeing a lot of places similar to this when I was a kid driving around the country with my family.This restaurant still has that fifties feel for the most part. We stop when we are on our way to San Diego always arriving at breakfast time, so this is the only meal I have ever had here. It is always decent at good prices. What more can one ask for.
5	One of the strangest places I have been to. After being forced to overnight in Gila Bend because of bad weather I took a cab ride into town. There is only 1 cab in Gila Bend, and unfortunately his battery died before getting me to the hotel.After an interesting night we went for breakfast before departing Gila Bend. We ate at Space Age. The food was good, and the atmosphere was interesting. As I was having breakfast I noticed smoke coming from under the roof. The cook ran outside with a fire extinguisher and took care of the problem.I asked the waitress if that had happened before. She said that only happened when it rains. So I asked her why they didn't fix the problem? She said because it doesn't rain very often in Gila Bend.I traveled through Gila Bend a few years later. The Space Age had burned to the ground. They did rebuild the Space Age. Which bodes well for travelers between Phoenix and SoCal. Just be wary if it is raining.
3	This is definitely the best space themed diner in Gila River but that's a little too flippant to be useful.  We were in by 1150, breakfast stops at 1200, we didn't get breakfast.  If arbitrary rules based on the kind of foods you can eat at certain times are posted  can you at least stick to them (.5  star lost there) Seriously can the grills somehow can discriminate between sausage patties and a burger?  The menu is  broken into breakfast, MLO, BLO and the CLO's  that's  mexican, burger and chicken like objects though there is a small salad bar but  come on I drive a bike  life's too short for salad. It's basic  fare Food's ok to better than average alas my  green chili burrito   had  accompanying rice that was really,dry and appeared to be broken up into 1/3s of a rice grain, refried beans  a bit better but on the whole it's not a lot different from most truck stops and probably a little bit better based on the burrito/filling. This was chosen as the destination point for our bike group (12-14 people)   While it can handle that many in one go it's separate booth time but they were cool with the check splitting. Maybe it's a 3.5 with the decor  tossed in  but the only question on the way to San Diego is,are you hungry and have time to sit down:? Funniest part? A 1/4 LB cheeseburger is  listed on the sides menu.
2	I've always been sort of fascinated by this place (not sure why) so finally stopped here yesterday on the way from TUS to SAN.  Since it was 1030am breakfast was still available and I had the American Breakfast; my hubby opted for the Club Sandwich.  The AB was the usual 2 eggs, toast & 1 side- I had the hash browns for my side although the waitress recommended the beans instead as "they would make me scoot down the highway faster."  The club sandwich looked very homemade; i.e. wonder bread with packaged poultry & ham slices and he chose the cottage cheese as a side which had a very tired looking canned pineapple ring on top of the scoop.  Neither the AB nor the CS was very good BUT the dinnerware and coffee mugs with the Space Age logo were very cool so we bought 2 cofffee mugs.All in all, it's OK provided that you're not in a hurry as the service was quite leisurely and other than the Star Trek mural above the counter it's not very Space Agey but what the hell, it's worth a visit.  They also have some quirky items & post cards for sale in the "gift shop".
3	Cute "space" themed place in a near-empty city that exists because of the highway intersection here.  There's a lot of cute space painting all over the walls.  Service was friendly and overall good.  Food, however, was no different than any mediocre diner, and they were charging big city prices.
3	Unless you are heading east or west between San Diego and Phoenix on U.S. Interstate 8, Gila Bend is out of the way. Still, my children and I took a day trip to Gila Bend to eat at the Space Age Restaurant.There are three or four things to see in Gila Bend; the sign as you enter town with the population posting which includes "1,700 friendly people and 5 Old Crabs," some frighteningly bad "dinosaurs," a jet parked at the airport and the Space Age Lounge and hotel.From the moment you walk in, you will be delighted by the amount of copyright violations contained within. Gene Rodenberry will be in Gila Bend soon as he is spinning so fast in his grave, he is drilling towards Gila Bend at twenty miles per day (yes, I know he was cremated...get a life, nerd!).It's a fun stop and supposedly the hotel is clean and comfortable. I was pleasantly surprised by the food at the restaurant. Obviously it pays to order the daily special. Mine was a burrito with red sauce and it was delicious! I forgot what the kids ordered but it disappeared, which is the best compliment one can give the food. Service was...efficient and friendly, but I couldn't help the feeling that they somehow looked down on me for...being human. If I were an alien, where better to hide than a "space hotel!?" We humans are not bright...but very delicious!Stop, eat and get back on the highway before dark so you can live long and prosper..and not be turned into the "daily special."
2	Don't why this place has good reviews. I was tricked into actually coming here by them. The place has waaaay over-priced generic food. The burger tasted like it cane out of a gas station vending machine. Gets two stars for groovy decor, but I wish I'd just taken a photo & found somewhere else to eat.
1	Craig and I head off to Yuma, to play in the nearby dunes. On the way, we stop for a bite, here-Craig discovers a moldy strawberry in the space age salad bar; the future is full of fuzzy fruit. In a hushed tone, I hear a patron tell her waiter that the chicken was "obviously very old." I think nothing of it, and finish my biscuits and gravy. They were brought out specially, despite breakfast's ceasing to be served.We continue on toward Yuma when the sensation hits hard: I need a bathroom. Fittingly, we stop for gas, and I bless the receptacle w/ affectionate blasts. TMI?Finally having arrived @ our finally destination, Craigers and I speed off on the ATV. He's worried about reports of a vicious wind, but so far, there's not a sign.Time passes, we jostle about; the scenery is lovely. We work on my fear of heights.By the time we finally set up camp, I've got a poop tree. A special place. I visit it often, sometimes bitterly, but always w/ relief.We spend the evening occasionally together.The wind picks up around eleven. It's not too chilly, but it is fierce. My side of the tent is abusive and perverse: it slaps me in the face and threatens to smother me while I sleep. Several times in the night I require the comfort of my dearest friend, the poop tree.It's still windy and terrible when we wake the next day; Craig claims I need Immodium AD.  We head off toward Target.We head home. I drift into sleep.Currently, each burp is filled w/ a noxious breeze. I feel like biscuits and gravy have crawled into me and died.I___|It's two or three years later and I still remember the horror.  Makes for a funny story now, but I doubt much has changed.  Avoid at all costs because this places is disgusting.  Thanks for the Space Age food poisoning, guys!
2	We did what other visitors have undoubtedly done many times before us and stopped to eat breakfast, mainly because we couldn't resist the HUGE glowing neon sign shaped like a flying saucer and perched high above the parking lot. We were on our way back Phoenix, it was early morning and I wanted to give it a shot, against my husband's better judgement...I shoulda listened to that fool. Anyway, it seems like it is the only "real" restaurant in the tiny town although I think I remember something like a Jack in the Crack or Burger King nearby. It's built right in front of a small motel so they probably get the bulk of the customers from there, truckers and tourists and such. As soon as you walk in, you will see a humongous painting of a Star Trek type ship on the main wall. There is Oldies radio blaring in the background and a supposedly, although unfilled "famous" salad bar. There is a minuscule gift shop, lots of junk from China and a few gems. They do have a very bitchen china pattern, the heavy old school china that could break your head if someone pitched it at you in a fit. The cups, saucers and serving plates have a very cool UFO design with I believe the words " Space Age" printed on it. Growing up in a restaurant family, it amazes me to no end that a restaurant that could be doing a bang up business by playing up the whole UFO shtick is nothing more than a tired, little restaurant where you are served by some really sad, unfriendly women. One high point, they had very clean bathrooms which smelled of bleach... but overall a sad vibe and lame ass food. The marketing possibilities are mind boggling but apparently just being a dive works for them. The food?...oh yeah, the food. Lame, lame, lame. Skip it.
3	I've passed by this restaurant many times, sometimes stopping and photographing it. After a trip to Tonopah and a lunch time pass through Gila Bend, this looked like a good stop for a quick lunch.Very unusual decor with the outer space theme....alien mementos to buy...and a nice menu with good choices of good ol' American food. My tuna sandwich and onion rings were very good....portions are a bit on the small side but that was OK. The also were serving a lunch buffet.It's very clean and tidy and the service is good.I would definitely stop here again if I were passing through town.
3	Meh! Food's alright. Ambience is okay. People are nice. Meh!
4	I ate the All American with sausage hash browns and toast. The food was served quickly and the hash browns were cooked crispy. The waitress was courteous and attentive. I liked my experience here and would recommend it for a quick breakfast stop.
1	We stopped here on the drive between Tucson and San Diego because we were starving and when we looked up restaurants close by on the GPS it popped up. When we first arrived we were really excited by the giant flying saucer on the roof but once stepping inside our excitement turned into mass disappointment as it looked like the "kitsch" factor was not...well, not really "kitsch" and more of what some large faceless corporation would hope you would think "kitsch" is....I'm looking at you Best Western! Our host was quick and friendly and we were seated promptly. There were only 3 parties beside us in the massive restaurant yet, our waitress explained that food would be delayed because there were tables ahead of us....ummm, what? 3 full  tables out of 100 is like a rush for you?Food came and it was pretty gnarly looking. But being starved travelers we dove right in. The first bite lead all of us to believe that we made a horrendous mistake and should've waited for the next town or braved the generic BK drive thru rather than sit through this meal. Rice was ordered by 2 out of 3 of us and we both agreed it was like old rice with new rice that hadn't been cooked all the way, thrown into a food processor and served. I've never eaten rice that was both hard and mushy and looked like corn meal. The beans were most definitely from a  can and massively over salted. I ordered cheese enchiladas but never did find the tortilla is was supposedly wrapped in as the entire entree was cheese and canned tomato sauce. My dining and traveling companions also were disappointed in the A) angus beef burger patty that was not anything better than a dried up patty McDonalds wouldn't  even serve and B) chicken enchiladas were dry and crumbly. My brother pulled out his phone and looked up the yelp reviews on this place. Immediately he exclaimed that we all stop eating and leave - which we were much relieved to do since the food was so terrible. An overwhelming amount of reviews were negative and even included instances of food poisoning...which we were feeling the starting effects of even before we got back in the car. To be fair, the service was friendly and responsive but we all wished we had skipped this restaurant completely. AND I never give bad reviews...but this one is truly worth it.
3	Went on a road trip with friends and we were coming back to Phoenix from San Diego. Hunger had set in and we were thinking a milk shake and fries sounded good. I admit we noticed this place between of the space ship on the roof of the hotel.The place was clean and our server was very nice. We ordered milk shakes and a giant plate of fries. Everything tasted great as far as fries and milk shakes are concerned. Vibe was totally in the twilight zone with this place...
3	Was not going to stop after reading the not do good reviews. Glad we did, it was better than expected. I had chicken quesadilla with jack cheese $7.49 I asked for salsa and chips no extra charge. My husband had burger with cheese it came with a large portion of fries$ 9.49. Full at the end great  portion sizes and great service . We ate at 3pm and rest was slow, so we received our food quickly. Always got refills on drinks without asking. As manager of a major rest this rating days alot
4	We stopped because there's a flying saucer on top...but the food shocked and delighted! Just breakfast, now.  My flying saucer pancakes (bigger than advertised) were very tasty and the bacon/egg just fine. Then I tasted the BF's huevos con chorizo...holy smokes!  My taste buds went to outer space with joy (really: 5 stars). Refried beans so good I kept shovelling 'em off his plate whilst apologizing.  What is IN there?? NM don't tell me.  Salsa INSANELY good. Perfect spiciness and robustness. In sum: order Mex, despite average store bought tortillas.  Can't vouch for the chicken fried steak, maybe next time we find ourselves on the 8!Since I just scanned some other (mostly bad) reviews from last year I'll add: hostess let us seat ourselves with no wait, our server was attentive and refilled our coffee (not enough for Mr. Pink but all the same) and our food came out so quickly that my dining partner was startled. Given our options in the area, fewer than 18 bucks for two enormous meals and two bottomless coffees is fine by me.  Also: we are wired Bay Area jerks and one can poach the wifi from the adjacent lodge and work/yelp while you scarf frijoles.Pigs in Spaceeeee!
4	Had lunch with group of 6 Tucson Freewheeler Riding Club. I had the chili and salad bar. Others all seemed to enjoy there meals as well. Service was good. Prices ok.
4	I stopped for a late breakfast as part of a large motorcycle riding group.  We were seated immediately, and our wait person was excellent.  My breakfast was awesome - I asked for some salsa to go with it and the salsa was very good.  I really wanted to buy a flying saucer coffee mug, but didn't have a place to stow it on my motorcycle (next time!).
3	I had a fine experience here, but I did only stop for a bite ... and had pie.The wait staff was very nice.  I thought it was an interesting place.  Too bad the original Satellites were gone.  It getting dark so I couldn't go look at the replicas by the pool.  The story behind the restaurant was interesting.  It's been rebuilt a few times, and it used to have real Satellites there, but now just has a kitchy fake space ship on top.
4	you know this place is pretty good, you wouldn't think it but the coffee was amazing and the bfast hotcakes and eggs were great....they serve bfast all day! nice people and clean.
3	This place is good for what it is...a space-themed diner in Gila Bend. I had the reuben and fries. I wanted to try the Mexican food but when I asked the staff about it, they looked frightened for me. Seeing the fear on their faces when I inquired about Mexican food, I knew it was best to stay away from that portion of the menu!I don't know if I'll ever come back unless accompanying someone who is as curious as I was. It's worth stopping in but don't expect anything too phenomenal.
3	We were traveling home on Christmas Day from Arizona to California and could not find a place that was open to eat at. Space age restaurant is in the middle  of nowhere so we were a little unsure if we should try it. It was actually good and the place seemed fairly clean and the staff was friendly. We will stop there again on our next trip to Arizona. Thank you space age for the Christmas breakfast!
3	Stopped here for lunch because of the flying saucer on top.  Food was fine and very inexpensive.  I had soup, salad bar (which was fresh and with a fair amount of choice) , and 1/2 a sandwich.This is a good place to stop between a long drive.  There a fun space murals in the restaurant, and they have put some though into their design like having special plates and cups with flying saucers on them.  Good place for the kids to stretch their legs.
2	We literally waited almost an hour for a few sandwiches and a Mexican pizza (which is just a tortilla with stuff thrown on and warmed up, nothing hard).  We never got an update on our order although the waitress was very sweet but she was the only person running the dining area and clearly running around. If you don't have time to waste (which we didn't) I would not recommend eating here. Food is just ok, nothing to write home about.
1	Probably the worst place I have ever walked into.I would guess that the ONLY time you will ever walk in here is when you are half way to either San Diego or Arizona.  This town (if you can call it that) seems like nothing more than a pit stop for food and gas before your next one hour drive to civilization.I walked in to what appeared to be a run down diner with a gift shop and a picture of a space ship on the wall.  By far the ONLY reason to walk in here is to get a picture of the space ship (you can see mine posted on Yelp).  I smiled, got my picture taken, and then drove straight to Taco Bell (probably the number one or two place to eat in this town).I am sure you will do the same.Please note:  I did not eat or try their food.  My review is based on the look and feel of the location.
3	We usually road trip to San Diego several times a year and have always talked about stopping at Space Diner and today we finally did.  The employees were friendly, bathrooms very clean and the food was good!  We would stop again!
5	Loved this place! I've driven to San Diego from Phoenix hundreds of times over my life and I didn't even know this place existed until it was recommended by a co-worker for my last road trip. Stopped here early Wednesday morning and it was pretty empty. The decor is really cool with glass etchings of space motifs and a giant mural of an Enterprise-like ship.Now, I came here for the kitschiness of it and didn't expect much out of the food, but was totally surprised! My breakfast was REALLY GOOD! It came out fast with friendly service and was a good size for the price. Got two eggs over easy on toast with cheese, crispy bacon and hash browns, and coffee. Everything was cooked perfectly and I loved the plates!Would definitely stop here on my next road trip out west.
3	On our way to Arizona, this was the halfway point and we were hungry when we reached this place.The staff was very friendly and we got seated quickly.  The items on the menu is basic and you should be able to find something to eat without all the fancy presentation.I ordered a waffle with side of bacon it was out within 10 minutes pippin' hot from the waffle griddle.  The bacon was just right not too flimsy and not to crispy.
5	Had a delicious breakfast here. Got it for free because I stayed in the adjoined hotel!The decor is a very classy 70s spaceship theme. It wasn't overpowering, and was actually made for an enjoyable atmosphere. I'll be stopping here on my next trip from Tucson to Yuma.
2	Ok, we'll first of all the decor inside was by far nicer and cleaner than I would have ever imagined. Very nicely painted and surprisingly modern. The food was decent, nothing to write home about but filling and better than fast food. On the negative side, the help left a HUGE amount to be desired. Everyone aside from our waitress should be fired immediately for their complete lack of interest in customer service and lack of ability to create a comfortable experience. Upon entering, a nice young lady, our eventual waitress, was cashing out a customer. The customer was chatting her up at length and would not take the normal cues to head out the door. This dear girl tried her best to break away but couldn't, she eventually excused herself temporarily to ask some other loser employee who was sitting in a booth up front to her her out.  Unfortunately, this other male employee couldn't be bothered to get off his ass to help out. The young lady, looked deflated at being ignored in her time of need and returned to the Chatty Cathy at the cash register. When Mr. Talkative finally left, she seated us and took our orders. The service while seated was prompt and the food like I said was as expected.  The waitress provided a bill and disappeared into the kitchen. I suspect based on the other workers I witnessed that she was also cooking and washing dishes so as to not bother her co- workers from their video game play or whatever other priorities they needed to tend to. We went to the register to pay. And stood there without help for upwards of 5 minutes. There was an employee sitting within 10 feet of the register with his back to us (a large man) who never even bothered to look up at us or ask if we needed help and the other jackass was STILL sitting in the booth where he was sitting, unwilling to help when we arrived. We should have just left without paying since apparently no one gave a damn if they got paid or not.  However, we are honest people, so we painstakingly came up with exact change which we loudly decided to just throw on the counter for these lazy people to sort out later.  Amazingly, just as we tossed the cash on the counter the employee in the booth up front decided to stretch his legs and wander over to "help". We said thanks for nothing as we walked out the door. Advice for the owners, keep the girl who used to work at Dairy Queen (we got her life story while being ignored by your other employees) and fire the other "winners" who sit around forming ass dents in your booths. The only reason this got 2 stars is for the kind young woman, with the great work ethic who was busting her ass to make up for everyone else.
4	I give this four stars based on my expectation. Greasy and delicious fried chicken and mashed potatoes. A land mark site in Gila Bend. Good service and friendly staff. They cooked my "dinner" selection meal at 2:30 in the afternoon. Never did I hear "we can't" or "we won't". I heard the customer in the next booth ask for soup AND salad with his meal as well as Mac N Cheese even though that selection was off the kids' menu! "Sure we can do that!" was the mantra here. I will be sure to stop by here on our next trip to/from CA.
3	For years we've seen this place just passing by it, and always curious to stop and eat there.... Well, that day came last month, we stopped with the kiddos, and had some breakfast there.On one side, they have arranged for a Buffet, and the other side is for regular customers ordering from the menu. They advertise themselves as having the most friendliest staff, and, although they were friendly enough, it was just regular service... so, I'm thinking "false advertisement"!!The inside decor is fun, they have some "frescos" of the Enterprise, and some astronauts floating in space, which was very fun to look at, pretty cool lamps hanging from the ceiling, and they have a tiny souvenir store at the entrance, which had some interesting finds.The food was not that good, it was just ok, not better than "Waffle House" or something like that, so not very "out of this world", but! We finally got to stop by the Space Age Lounge, we had to check it on our bucket list, I guess!
3	Great little spot when you spend the night in the middle of nowhere.  Plenty of coffee and flapjacks for the road.  Enjoy the space age ambiance.
3	Nothing exciting here, just typical diner food brought to you by Sysco or US foods. Everything was passable and reasonably priced.  Salad bar was freshly stocked even at 9pm.   Its better than the fast food you'll pass on your way to or from san diego.  Been here before and will come again.
4	Me and the misses stopped in here on our way to San Diego, and where pleasantly surprised. Everything on the menu can be ordered anytime, so now your options go up ten fold. The misses ordered breakfast and I had the grilled ham and cheese. Food was really good and hot. The ham on my sandwich was off the bone ham, not that deli crap. Super tasty fries came with  my sandwich. Only downfall where the scrambled where a little over cooked. We will definitely stop in here again.
3	Decent place to eat if you want to support local business. The shredded beef enchilada was better than I expected. The club sandwich wasn't bad either. The roast beef sandwich was ok too. I enjoyed the bowl of chili. The Space Age restaurant is reasonably priced too.
4	stopped by on way home from Painted Rock and was pleasantly surprised how neat and tidy the place was inside, only bad was worn outdated carpet that is being replaced first week of Dec. Our food was very good, broasted chicken, chicken fried steak and chicken cassadeas. The waitress was very friendly and did her best but only one waitress was on duty for the whole place, a little too much for one person.  The wife and her sister both had coconut creme pie, surprise surprise, real meringue on top not the whipped crap from a can, both said it was delicious. May need to make the 70 mile trip just for the chicken.
1	I have never filled out a Yelp review, but I feel everyone should know how terrible this place is. The first indication not to go in was he sign being off, wish we would have turned around then. But we gave the place a chance. We were asked what we wanted to drink before we had even seen a menu. Ordered ice tea and received a murky brownish water that hardly resembled tea. Then we were immediately asked what we wanted to eat. Obviously, having barely opened the menu, we nicely asked for a minute. 20 minutes later, the waitress had made several rounds to the only 2 other occupied tables, and that's when we decided this place was not worth that kind of a wait, just to put an order in. So, we put $5 on the table for the half drank glass of tea, and we left.Just as we stepped outside, we realized that no one deserved $5 for an awful glass of tea. So, one of us went back inside to removed the $5, hoping that would help them understand that they really need to work on customer service. Only to find out, in walking out the door and turning around, the  $5 had already been picked up. Had someone just been waiting for us to walk out so they didn't have to serve us?Redeeming food service was quickly found at Burger King, just up the road. Burger King has a very friendly staff and they even changed part of my order with a smile on their face. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AT Space Age!!! GO TO Burger King, SERIOUSLY!!!
3	Just had breakfast (free with room), it was very good. Pancakes delish! Service was a little slow to deliver food after taking our order, but we weren't in a hurry! Basic diner, but good!
2	Slowwwwww service. Stopped here for breakfast on Sunday at 10am instead of stopping at a fast food joint.  Simple breakfast order took over 30 minutes.  You would think that the place would be prepared since Sunday is a busy travel day and popular for breakfast.
4	I'm not sure where all the bad reviews are coming from; when we rolled up, I knew that we needed to give it a chance. The inside is well-thought out with UFO-themed plates & coffee mugs. The salad bar has a decent selection, pretty basic, but not the worst I have seen. My soda was a touch on the flat side, but caffeinated-perfect for five hours into our trip. My wife had the broaster fried 1/4 chicken (7.99), which was crispy on the outside & juicy on the inside. My seven year-old had the sirloin (14.99) which was charred well on the outside & flavorful. My choice was the chicken fried steak with white gravy & fries with brown gravy, which was amazing! If you find yourself on this stretch of freeway around mealtime, you should stop and check out this restaurant/gift shop!
4	Nice little spot! Stopped in for a late breakfast on our home from Scottsdale. I had a wonderful omelet and my partner had the choriso with eggs ... both were very good! Clean establishment, good service and the spaceship quirkiness was not over the top!
4	Great little spot. The servers are very friendly and ambiance is interesting. Overall a good little spot. The French toast is great for breakfast.
4	I've driven by this place probably dozens of times and wondered about it but finally decided to give it a shot.The restaurant was clean and the decor is certainly interesting and unique if a bit dated.  They also have some merchandise at the front, presumably as this is about the only "tourist" spot in an otherwise run down little town.  There was a decent amount of patrons for 7 on a Saturday morning. The service was quick and reasonably friendly.  The food was fairly good, nothing out of this world (decor notwithstanding) but basically what you would expect from your average diner.Overall a good experience.  Worth dropping in if you are looking for a non fast food option in the area.
4	We loved the space age restaurant. It was 100 degrees outside in May and we noticed this oasis on the side of the road with a space ship on top!! What a cool retreat for a late breakfast on the road. Blueberry french toast was yummy!
4	Since we have seen this place a few dozen times during our lifetime spent in Tucson, my family and I finally decided to give the Space Age a try. The restaurant was incredibly clean, and the service was lovely. As for the food? Well, it was regular diner food, but suited our purposes well. Everyone got bacon, eggs, toast and pancakes. They were well cooked, cheap and came our fast. While we were waiting, we picked around the little gift shop and took pictures.Our only complaint was that the wifi wasn't working - but the very helpful staff told us how to use the hotel's wifi instead.If we're coming back this way again, my family will definitely consider eating at the Space Age Restaurant for some good diner food and great atmosphere
2	I wasn't expecting much, just a good old fashioned, juicy cheese burger. Instead, I got a char abused ,thin frozen patty. And I mean , "Let It Go", frozen. It's only saving grace was the pickles, of which I used generously. Never again.
4	Good food with the best beans and tortillas I've had in a long while. While most will just drive right pass and only notice the strange name and the space ship out front. This is truly a gem in the desert. The staff is friendly and the food very good. A mix of mexican and american fare is available. The souvenirs are worth browsing through, some of the most unique items you will ever see  and some are quite funny. The wall mural over the check out counter is awesome. But you will have to go see it for yourself cause im not telling what the image is. Between Phoenix or Tuscon Yuma, there is no place better to stop for a bite to eat.
1	After waiting for twenty minutes for our food, we asked how much longer and the waitress told us that others were there before us, so much longer, we would have to wait. Someone else will have to review the food, because we left.
1	Good food...CRAPPY service!.(and they werent busy)...how hard is it to bring us refills on drinks?!...The server got a tip she deserved-which was nothing!!...
5	Okay, so first off, I didn't eat here. It's getting five stars anyway, because even if I DID eat here, and even if the food WAS awful, I wouldn't care. If you hate kitsch, don't bother.  To be fair, I'm a huge nerd, and I was on my first ever cross-country road trip, so the Space Age Restaurant was exactly the sort of kitschy, silly thing I was hoping to find. I bought a really lovely mug in the gift shop (they're Homer Laughlin, the same mugs the diner uses, so they're much nicer and sturdier than the average souvenir mug) and an adorable "pettable cactus", which was perfect in a kischy trip west kind of way. Know, though, that the Space Age Restaurant isn't super retro. Apparently it used to be, but there was a fire and a rebuild and things were modernized. I still adored it (and I think they do modern cheese admirably), but it's not quite the gem it would be if it were still more Jetsons than Star Trek.
4	Being the introvert that I am, there is nothing I value more than good takeout. I find sanctity in eating something fantastic and fresh, while enjoying the peace and ambiance of my humble abode. Space Age Restaurant  satisfied my every desire (Gastronomically speaking). I tried the pork buns, which were perfect; greasy, fatty, and oh so fresh!
3	For diner food it was good. As long as you go in expecting that you'll be fine. Got the Spanish omelet. Very tasty. Service is a little slow though
4	What a really cool surprise! We stopped here on a lark and found a real gem of a place. The food was fresh and tasty. I had the 1/2 sandwich, soup and salad bar. It was great. The soup tasted like homemade. It was very good. The help was wonderful. If you are passing through Gila Bend... definately check this place out.
3	In relation to the other options at Gila bend......probably 5 stars...but reality is more like 2 stars....so ends up around 3 stars.
2	As others noted the place has a cool touristy atmosphere. That IS its only redeeming quality. The food was sub-Denny's, the service was just OK; we left after our dinner to go out for dinner somewhere else.
