4	My first time here was a very good experience. Ordered the Tuna Manhattan which was kind of a tuna melt with sprouts, tomatoes and avocado - It was yummyI chose tortilla soup instead of fries - It was very good tooHad a coupon so I needed to spend a minimum amount. I ordered a side of onion rings - bad idea - because they were SO GOOD that I ate them all up since they weren't gonna travel well in my to go bag! Real onions battered just right and fried up golden. DELISHI also got a mango smoothie to go - very very yummyPrices were very reasonable which is why I had to order so much in order to spend the $15 coupon.Service was great!I would recommend and will be back. A bonus is that it is close to home
4	Love their new locale at Silverado Ranch & Bermuda. It's larger, definitely more upscale.I had an omelet with avocado, bacon, and cheddar. Service was good. Wish I could remember the name of the waitress, she was attentive, not overbearing.
4	Came here a few weeks ago with a hung-over friend.  Place is cute, very airy, and our server chatted with us and was good about checking up.  My friend had the veggie omelet and I had one with bacon and avocado.  They diced the avocado into the omelet instead of just plopping it on top, which was a nice touch and kept my leftovers from going brown.  We both liked the hash browns, they needed ketchup for sure, but to me all hash browns require ketchup.  Hot tea selection was a nice array of options, it always irks me when a place charges you $2-3 for a plain Lipton bag.
5	Great food, great service, fast & easy. The waitresses remember me & all i have to say is "i want what i usually get" & she knows what I'm talking about. The price is reasonable. I can have lunch for $10 (including tip). I recommend the breakfast sandwich on sourdough w/ bacon, but everything I've had there is good.
3	Food was decent and service was good.  We were the only people in the restaurant for dinner which was a bit odd.  I would eat here again if I were in the area but would not go out of my way to eat here.
5	Great food & prices! We come here at least 5 times a week. The girls are always so friendly especially Blanca & Stephanie.The food is always great. It's family owned so it's a great hidden spot only locals know about. Come in & try it out, we never leave dissapointed! They also allow dogs on the patio so Our bulldog Stella loves it too! This location is on Silverado & Bermuda, in the fresh & easy parking lot right next to Citi Bank :)
5	Bought a Living Social coupon a while back and decided to go today. I was amazed at how big and spacious the cafe is. The tables aren't close together like most family owned businesses. Environment was nice. Staff was friendly and food was AMAZING! I ordered the California Omelet (posted pic) and substituted the hash browns and toast for a side of fruit and spinach in my omelet. My bf ordered Huevos Rancheros (posted pic) and added chorizo into his scrambled egg. It was super tasty with lots of flavor.Definitely a new go to place for breakfast and the location (silverado and bermuda) is perfect from where we live.
5	I LOVE going to this place for brunch!  They offer some traditional Mexican favorites, such as chorizo, chilaquiles, and machaca.  The dishes are really flavorful, and don't require a liberal use of salt (something that is rare for me!).  They also offer healthy fares and the traditional stuff like waffles, pancakes, etc.  The coffee is good, but not great.  In my opinion, this particular location has yet to hit its stride; I think the main set-back is that the restaurant decor doesn't match the ambiance of the restaurant, e.g., the black leather dinner chairs seem to be at odds with the home cooked food. Nonetheless, I really, REALLY hope that more people discover this location and start making it out.  The restaurant is clean, the food is good, the employees are friendly, and the service is great.  And it blows Denny's and all those other crappy breakfast diners away.
2	Stopped by this place on our lunch break and it was fairly empty - so we thought great! It should be fast as we only had a hour.  Long story short....The service was very slow.....and mediocre.....I ordered the BLT and chicken tortilla soup....the soup tasted like it was from a can and they just added their ingredients to make it their own...and how can you mess up a BLT??  Well there was something in there that was sour...and the bacon was hard ...tough ..and chewy...no bueno....If they had asked how the food was...i for sure would have mentioned it as it could have been spoiled mayo...tomato...or lettuce....but they never asked.....so I never told.... I left a disappointed ...dissatisfied ...non returning customer.
1	Went here for lunch and ordered the chicken and avocado sandwich. I should have brought a magnifying glass to see the small chicken breast that was no more than 1/16 inch thick. The avocado was 2 very small [pieces which was not enough for the sandwich. The cheese was not melted on the chicken, but on the bread and was not enough as it covered only 1/2 of it. The french fries were soggy.Inside the restaurant was hot, I guess they are trying to save on the A/C since the lunch crowd was not here. One of the waitresses arrived at 12:00 and proceeded to get a plate of food and sit down and eat it in the restaurant. Who owns this place?I will not be back.I will be surprised to see this restaurant stay in business starting next year.
2	If I had written this the first time I went to ND I would have given it 5 stars....went back and had the same thing...horrible....tried again and it was still bad....every time I was there for lunch....maybe breakfast is better...but J's cafe is always good for breakfast and it is very close by.
2	This is a large, clean and bright coffee shop that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.  We each ordered eggs Benedict that came with a choice of home fries (my wife) or hash browns (me). The eggs were cooked "easy over" as requested, but we thought the English muffin could have benefited from a little more time in the toaster.  Also, the Hollandaise sauce was a little out-off-balance due to an excess of lemon juice.
3	Stopped in to try this place out for Breakfast. We were greeted immediately by the hostess and seated. They have a kids menu which is great at any breakfast place. However, I ordered lunch. Simple food on the menus. I ordered the BLT with a cup of tortilla soup. The soup was tasty.. Right amount of spice, filled with chicken, vegetables including avocado, cheese & tortilla strips. The BLT, and you can go wrong with this, but not here. Bread toasted nicely, plenty of bacon, lettuce and tomato and just enough mayonaisse to make it moist. One of my girls had eggs, bacon & hashbrowns, by the looks of her clean plate, she liked it. The other one had pancakes & bacon. The food was all served hot, reasonably priced and the service was great. If you are looking for atmosphere, this is not the place. It is very clean, however there is not much to the decor. Red booths, black chairs & tables and crystal pendant lights. They may want to rethink the green curtains and neon beer signs. Doesn't really add much to the place.
4	If you're looking for a decent breakfast without having to go to somewhere craptastic like denny's or coco's, then this place is great. Lots of seating, quick and friendly service and breakfast tasted good. It's not 5-star amazing, but a great option to have in the neighborhood and I like that they don't load up your entire plate with food.
2	Tasteless ...I was thinking to go back for the cheap beer but it might not be worth it...First we were welcomed by a slightly irritated waitress...coffee was cold and the food, I'm sorry, but it was absolutely tasteless... I've order a veggie omelet with spinach mushrooms red pepper...totally dull... I'm giving it 2 stars for the cheap beer :)
3	We've always had pleasant servers, the food is average.  But it's comfortable, never busy so it's not loud.  And they have coupons in the Entertainment Book which we take full advantage of. Hubby liked the Eggs benedictI got the french toast - moderate/goodWe will go back. :)
4	This place has descent breakfast.  I especially liked the healthy breakfast selection which included omelets made with egg whites. Friendly staff, descent prices, kid friendly, clean, casual setting.
2	We went there for breakfast one day.  My wife asked for her eggs to be dry-scrambled extra dry... they came out regular (still a bit soppy).  We sent them back, they came back slightly browned.  The prices are alright, service was alright.  I wanted to support a local place, but just had better experiences at one of the chain restaurants in the area.  I'd give it a 2.5, but am rounding down.
4	Big fan and now make it our favorite weekend breakfast place. Good food, service and prices.
4	Not bad, but not great.
4	Good food, good prompt service! I love their huevos rancheros.
3	I'm still on the lookout for an amazing place for breakfast. The New Day Cafe is a decent place for breakfast. Better than a Denny's or IHOP but not by much. It was very clean and wasn't very busy. Our waitress was very apparently new and was very timid. She got everything correct! There was just no enthusiasm for her job. My wife had the French toast with bacon and eggs. She enjoyed her meal and said everything seems to fresh. The eggs were real and the toast was a thick cut with great flavor. I had biscuits and gravy with hash browns. The potatoes were good but bland and a little well done. The biscuits and gravy were nothing special. A mix gravy and frozen biscuits with a cafeteria flavor. The coffee was completely acceptable. I'm looking for a place who puts forth the effort to make real gravy and real biscuits. Our meal came to a hair under $20. Not too bad but for the price, the quality could be a bit better.
5	This is our go-to breakfast spot. The selection is wide and the service is always friendly. I've eaten in this building through several of its previous tenants and I must say, I really hope new day cafe stays for a long long time.
5	One piece of advice: SPLURGE ON CALORIES AND GET COUNTRY FRIED STEAK AND EGGS!!!!  I usually can't finish an entire breakfast plate no matter where we go, but on this sweet day I cleaned my plate and wanted more!!  The country fried steak had a nice light and crisp breading on the outside but was tender and so flavorful underneath the breading.  The gravy was was just the right consistency of thickness and the flavor was on POINT!  It came with two over-easy eggs cooked to perfection, which I happily dipped my perfect toasted wheat bread into.  I love that there is never a wait no matter what day or time you show up.   The servers are really nice and they take your order on an iphone.  At first I was like, "Is she TEXTING while taking our order!?? WTH!!"  but no, she was just being technologically savvy.  The food came out so fast.  You ALL know that the wait for breakfast seems to be SO much longer than the wait for any other meal, so it is quite a huge plus that the food is cooked quickly and served quicky here.This is one of my favorite breakfast spots.  Great food, nice staff, quick service, relaxing atmosphere, clean restaurant...what more could you want?
4	Service and food was good for the price.  They weren't very busy, so I was served my breakfast rather quickly.
2	Hostess took our name, 10 minute wait - 1/2 hour later went to check where our table was .... Hostess says "can I help you?"  Us.."our table ready?"  Hostess "um, I don't know". - she sat people who came in after us.  We should have left!Finally seated, waitress comes by 25 minutes later, takes our orders for drinks & food.  An hour + later - food finally arrives COLD.  Had to beg the waitress for drink refills.Our first & LAST time here.  Food is nothing to brag about, too many other places around to deal with this POOR service.  Don't waste your time.
2	I have eaten her many times. Service is generally pretty good. Food is really good. Went in just before noon on Memorial day and took 10 mins to get seated, it wasnt that busy. the girl asked how many and if we wanted the patio. We requested patio she said let me check to see if theres a clean table. She came back in and instead of seatting us she picked up her food that was ready to go and served it and took care of another table. She then came over to us and greeted us again and asked inside or outside. We requested outside again she said I only have a high top, told her that would be fine. We were seated and sat there for almost 20 mins and the server and busser in that area came out multiple times but never greeted us or asked for a drink order. Went down the street. We may give it another shot but for the amount of staff I saw and the number of customers this is not acceptable
4	Went here for brunch while in town with friends.  I took a look on Yelp beforehand and I have to echo Mandi L's sentiments.  The country fried steak here is AWESOME and I don't even usually like country fried steak.  I saw Mandi's review and I was like "hmmm I don't usually like that but that sounds kinda good."  I, too, basically licked my plate clean.  It was fantastic.Very good mimosas too.  Two of these bad boys did the trick for me.  I was feelin' good playing blackjack at the M afterward.
4	Nice and bright, windows all around.......Good breakfast, with reasonable price.  Good food selection and fresh.   Wait staff is prompt and courteous.
4	Great food. Accommodated our very large group on St. Patrick's Day! Great food. There were seperate checks and they got that right
5	Neighborhood place, seems like and pop shop (which I love to support). Good good, good service. If I ever have an issue it's fixed with a smile. Good locals place.
4	Nice neighborhood place to get breakfast.  The service is top notch, and the servers couldn't be more friendly.  Great place for a family, as it isn't very loud.  You could also grab a cocktail with breakfast here which is nice, without all the rowdyness of a local bar.  The only thing that stops me from rating this place 5 instead of a 4 is the use of too many frozen ingredients. It seems like most of the meat-based items (With the exception of the turkey) come from the freezer.
3	This morning was my 1st time here. Might be my last. Service was adequate. Kind of slow but she was very friendly. Coffee was good but my main complaint was that my French toast was only Luke warm and not the tastiest. Maybe I'll give it another chance. Although I'd rather go to places I know I love like Layers and Sunrise cafe.
5	Great place. Fast friendly service. Buffalo chicken wrap was perfect, fries were nice and crispy, tortilla soup was good too.
5	I always love trying new places.  New Day Cafe did not disappoint! We stopped in around 2pm.  They close at 3 so we made it just in time!I ordered the TBA Melt.  Turkey, Bacon and Avocado! Perfect sandwich in my book! The bread was lightly toasted with lettuce tomato and cheese.  Delightful! Great and so flavorful! Plenty of turkey and the bacon was cooked just right - crispy but not burned.  It was accompanied with French fries.  They had these right also! Crispy and not a single soggy fry.  My husband ordered the buffalo chicken wrap.  Being that he is obsessed with buffalo chicken wings, this was right up his alley! I had a tiny taste and it was fantastic! He loved the flavor of the buffalo sauce! He had the chicken tortilla soup on the side. Another hit! The soup was plentiful of ingredients that sang in harmony together! The service was phenomenal! She was so friendly and our drinks never went dry! She was a smiling happy face the entire time.   I don't think we spoke much during lunch since we were too busy enjoying our meals.   That is a sign of delicious food! I can't wait to visit again!
4	My service was ok. I really liked my breakfast sandwich.
5	I'm not gonna speak about the food today it speaks for itself, the quality of home cooked food from the kitchen has never changed I don't venture too far from my usual and if you can eat the same thing time and again without getting tired of it, it must be the cooks food. As for waitresses- the service here is beyond your norm Chelsea and Blanca are always smiling, greeting and accommodating, sometimes I pay more for the service than the food, it's that nice to be treated like somebody special "a guest" not just a Customer, that keeps me going, hats off to all at new day! Thank you
5	Good morning all and good breakfast Blanca and crew all day everyday if you want consistency in food this is the place.great every time, with little wait, smiles and pleasant attitude, good coffee too
5	Lunch is also on the menu here and the burgers are as good as the breakfast chicken quesadilla thanks Chelsea for the great friendly service
5	Nadia new to us, as a waitress was very well mannered and a shout out to the cooks I really need to meet them one day and tell them how much I like the food
5	Go ahead kick yourself in the a$$ for not trying this place sooner and I met the owner today very nice guy, Arturo I hope this is right but very nice guy and a great hr person just look at the staff he has picked
5	Go ahead kick yourself in the a$$ for not trying this place sooner there's no other place I e found yet in lv with the home spirit of service and great food
5	...... awesome breakfast grate waitresses  missing you all your staff
4	Simple, good and great service. I was a little skeptical coming here but they proved me wrong. Food is great with reasonable prices and I like that they close for dinner. Service was 5 stars.
5	I've been to New Day Cafe a couple of times now and they always have quick service with delicious food. The morning drink specials are great and I love that they have the alcohol option unlike many breakfast places around town. Big portions for a good price, it's a great value. They are on groupon once in a while too, so check that out for an even better deal!
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my brunch here. The service was attentive, the food was great and I really enjoyed the healthy diet friendly options on the menu.  Thanks for the great experience!
4	I found this place through Yelp and decided to come here for breakfast. It was easy to find on the corner of Silverado and Bermuda near the 7-Eleven and Jack in the Box. I parked and walked inside.I was greeted as I entered and sat at the counter. Because I looked at the menu online before, I knew what I wanted to get. I ordered a Tommy B. Veggie Omelet (egg whites with mushrooms, bell peppers, tomato, and spinach) with cottage cheese and toasted wheat slices of bread. It didn't long for my food to arrive and while I normally wouldn't pay so much for an omelet, it was pretty big and by the time I finished everything, I was quite full so it worked out.The decor was a bit plain, but there was lots of tables as well as space at the counter. While I ate, I watched the TV in front of me. If I have time to sit down and eat breakfast somewhere, I wouldn't mind coming back here again.
4	What a great location! Before I found this hidden gem, I had to drive at least 10 mins for the closest breakfast spot. So I was thrilled to find this location!This is your standard breakfast spot. Nothing special but pretty solid. The menu has all the basics with a handful of speciality items marked with their logo. I ordered the Californian omelet which was good. Again, nothing spectacular but definitely met all my expectations. The service was not the best... But in their defense I did overhear them say this was the busiest they've been. I sat at the counter (where presumably you would receive the fastest service) and I had to ask for everything - ask for them to take my order, utensils, a straw, jam. I didn't even get a hello when I sat down and about 10 of the staff members walked passed me. I would come back but if the poor service continues-most likely not.
3	Decent place to stop on the way home from Vegas. It's off the strip so wasn't too busy on a Sunday morning. Came here with a group of 8 people so it could be a little difficult i understand. The bus boy brought the food out and didn't know who ordered what so out food sat on a tray for a couple more minutes until our server came out and could do it so that was annoying. I got the western omelette with hash browns well done and the omelette was decent and hot. The hashbrown were still a bit under cooked but I didn't feel like sending them back. It was a decent meal but I wasn't expecting the best anyway. Prices are reasonable also
2	Came here on a Sunday on our way back home from Las Vegas. The place was relatively empty and they sat our large party right away. The waitress was incredibly nice and was very talkative to our group.Other then that, I don't have to much good stuff to say. Our meal took almost 45 minutes to prepare and when we got it, it was cold and not tasty. They overcooked both steak and eggs (asked for rare, received well done). While I can understand we had a decently large group - 8 people - but all cold meals is a little upsetting. I doubt this is how every meal is but just rating my first time experience.
2	Me and a friend ordered some breakfast a few months ago. The service was ok and I would've given them 4 or 5 stars but the waitress forgot to supply us with eating utensils. We had to hail down a staff member to get it. I'll give this place another chance but if they fail to meet basic expectations I'm done.
3	Eh. We went to this place because we had a Groupon, decided to check it out.It's a weird set up. Once you walk in, you are already in the midst of tables. There isn't really a Hostess spot, so when you walk in, you just kind of look around, wondering if you are in the right spot. We were seated quickly though, so it wasn't a big deal.It was a bit busy in there. The service was alright. I got myself Huevos Rancheros because I love some Mexican food. Friend got the Cactus Jack omelet.My Huevos Rancheros came out and no Enchilada sauce. Taken back by that, used to a lot of sauce on my Huevos Rancheros. There was a bit of salsa. Like a small dollop. Overall, it was still okay, and I just thought they were going for a healthier take on that (or they just hate enchilada sauce). Still hit the spot. The Cactus Jack omelet was eh. I did not like the cactus, it gave it just a weird tang to it. Hard to explain. It could be that cactus just isn't my thing.The price is okay and overall the experience was a overwhelming, meh. There's not much good nor bad to say about it. I will say a positive is that, lot of natural light in there, so that was a positive. Other than that, probably worth a shot if you are in the neighborhood.
3	Good breakfast selection. I enjoyed the fresh coffee and the customer service. I had the chiliaquiles which I felt had an over abundance of sauce and not enough chips. The husband and I shared a cinnamon roll which was delicious. Nice hole in the wall diner.
5	Always fresh food and the waitress staff are really on the ball there service outweighs the  food always smiling,always courteous, and funny thing you never have to ask "Where is our waitress?"  You don't get even that at a ritzy place
2	Going back a second time, I have to downgrade the place to two stars. I ordered chilaquiles with red enchilada sauce. Last time I went, I complained that the huevos rancheros were not the way I usually have them, but I will say they did say in the menu that it's only pico they put on it which is weird.These chilaquiles were just funky. Way way way way way too much cumin. Just swimming in it, it was really bad. The service is okay but it's not enough to make up for the food. I'd say try to stick with maybe omelettes.
1	2 stars , my steak n eggs came well done , I ask for Medium R.My son's food came wrong , I did not have silver ware to eat when the food got to the table. Server never stop by to check on us.Liked this place before that's why I.came back but totally disappointed today
3	The food is okay, and even when it is slow, so is the service.They are a breakfast and lunch kind of place, no dinner service. They don't have anything special that they are known for, food was so so, and a prices are competitively what you would pay at an ihop or Dennys.
1	Hubby and I tried this place for the first time a couple of weeks ago. It's very spacious, comfortable and looks clean. Unfortunately the compliments have to stop at that.... My husband ordered eggs Benedict, he barely finished one of them. The sauce tasted sour and the hash brown were soggy, lacking seasoning and greasy. My avocado bacon cheese omelette looked beautiful but completely lacked flavor too. I only ate about a quarter of it.Our waitress was pleasant but didn't check on us during the meal or didn't inquire if there was a problem with the food when she picked up our almost untouched food.There are too many good breakfast places out there for you to waste your time in this cafe.
2	After hearing fairly good things about this restaurant, we decided to try it, of all days, on Mother's Day. Now I understand that a breakfast place will be busy on Mother's Day, but we didn't experience any wait. Not only that, but they let us put our name on the wait list via a phone call. Upon arrival, we walked in and right to a table. This is where is started to go down hill. It took quite a while to get our drinks once ordered. Most of us drank coffee or water. My brother ordered an orange juice, which took them about a half hour to bring, later informing us that the juices machine was having problems. It happens. We ordered our food.  There was 6 adults and 1 child that we ordered for. It took them approximately 45 minutes for the first of us to get our food after we ordered. I say this because my wife, who ordered eggs Benedict, had to send hers back because the eggs were cooked far too hard. My son, which we ordered mini pancakes and sausage, came out with bacon instead. My poor sister in law didn't even get hers for about another 15-20 minutes after. She ordered a BLT with no mayo. Would you believe it? Once it finally came, there was mayo on it. She also ordered a side of soup. It never came. They said they had to remake the soup. This was almost an hour after we ordered and after the rest of us had received our food. She ordered french fries as a sub. She never received those either. Toast was included with the rest of our meals, which none of us received, even after asking/reminding 2-3 times. It also took my wife's meal another 10 minutes to get fixed, which when finished, she said tasted pretty bad. The part that topped this all off was we asked for the manager on a couple of occasions in order to voice our concerns. We never did speak to a manager. We didn't even see what appeared to be someone in charge walking around the restaurant. So basically we were just ignored.The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because of our waitress, who based on the name on the check, I'm pretty sure was named Chelsea. You could see she was working as hard as she could and that her day was hectic. She did everything she could. Hopefully they'll reward her for the hard work she did. All in all, we will never be back. The food was mediocre at best and riddled with a myriad of mistakes. Coupled with the bad service, with the exception of Chelsea, this place isn't worth it. No wonder the one on South Rainbow went out of business.
3	Actually liked this place, good lunch specials.... Decent Bloody Mary. Food could use a bit more flavor. Like the staff, love that you can see chefs thru the window while they cook your food!! Should be open longer!!! :(
4	I'll keep this short.  Consistently great service and great food.  A regular stop for me.
1	Upon arriving on Father's Day understandingthere would be a wait, no problem.We usually come here very often because it's close not bad food needs an uplift to the menuitems new variety, but when we were seated our waitress who we know from the old locationwas not pleasant seemed like she could care less about her customers.We ordered the Tommy B omelette and 2 eggsbenedicts. We hasked for crispy bacon in pmaceof ham easy on the sauce.Well the headache begins no follow up serviceon coffee refills the bacon was not crispy sentback the eggs were nearly raw like a rush joband slothered in sauce.It seemed like they never remade the breakfastbut added even more sauce to hide the fact.After being in the resturant for almost 1.5 hourssitting waiting on our order while other tablesseated after us finished eating and left I think theylost our order in the shuffle and did not know untilwe said something then rushed the food out.Eggs uncooked fee liking like getting sick ?When we asked for the manager our server sentover another server guess she did not want to dealwith us anymore she said he stepped out.She said we did not have to pay for the breakfastmy husband said no we are not we are leaving she expected us to eat the raw eggs just becauseshe said we did not have to pay for it. Can you believe this?I was SHOCKED!!!!!  Eat under cooked eggs becauseit's free ate you crazy what kind of answer was that?We will NOT be going back there.We went to another establishment on Eastern AveAnd the food was quality service was good and thefood had much better taste and the quality of thefood was so much better. Higher standards.NEW DAY CAFE IS OLD SUBSTANDARD FOOD AND SEFVICEGO ELSEWHERE !!!!!!
1	If you have never had good food, you might not notice how cheap the ingredients are in this place. Sent the coffee back twice. Bitter, burnt, cheap brew. Ordered scrambled eggs. They admitted they came from an egg batter. Not fresh. Bacon was black and cold. Husband had a fruit smoothie. Also a mix. He had eggs Benedict. Hollandaise sauce was bitter salty and most likely out of a can from the dollar store. Save your money. Prices were average. McDonalds does a better job. The only positive I have is that our server was great.
4	This was my first time trying the place, the food is good and the fruit is fresh!!! I will totally be back!!!
2	We went for breakfast. The service sucked. The waitress unknowledgeable about the menu. Food was just ok. Nothing special nothing that makes them stand out. I can make all the same stuff at home. Bottom line we'll never return.
4	Me and my mom come here on her days off, food is good and great since its right next to our house and hardly busy.
4	New Day Cafe is a nice spot to grab breakfast, and it is not as busy as some of the other breakfast hot spots on this side of town.  They have healthy options, low carb, egg whites, etc.  The staff is friendly and the food typically arrives quickly.
3	only open 7am-3 pm. breakfast and lunch only. good stuff for lunch and breakfast. Nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and get some thing local..
1	We went here on Labor day 2014. We walk in and there's at least 20 open tables, (no lie) and they tell us there's a 15 minute wait. and they have at least 3 other parties standing around waiting for a table. I asked, "why would you make us wait if you have at least 20 open tables?" The hostess replied, "well we have a few large parties so, we're not seating." Let me tell you, I've been here before and the food is just ok. Basic diner style food, so they should be doing everything they can to fill those empty tables, especially in a competitive restaurant market.Very disappointed, won't be going back. Too many better choices to waste my time here.
4	Biscuits and gravy were very good.  I always prefer drop biscuits, but these were good.  The gravy was not too salty.Eileen was the big winner here with the specialty quesadilla which had eggs and chorizo in it with green stuff (ok it was guacamole which I don't eat- LOL) and sour cream on the side.  She said it was among the best chorizo she's had- high praise indeed.Good coffee too!
5	Best place like it in this area. Maybe only place like it right around here and really very good. I enjoy the breakfast and will try lunch soon! Not fancy or perfect but way better than Ihop or the like.
3	A comfortable friendly place to have a well-prepared good tasting breakfast. That's pretty much it. Maybe don't get the coffee. Not the best coffee.
3	This is good food!  Not great, but good.  There are other breakfast places in town that are much better, but at this one, you likely won't wait to get a seat.  The portions are just right.  I don't like HUGE portions and these are not, but you will not go hungry.  My wife enjoyed it more than I did.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.  Our server was very kind, polite and quick.  I'd go back.
5	Always go for breakfast! Fantastic service and great food!! Definitely a great place to relax and take care of business!The coffee is actually good, unlike most breakfast joints!
4	The service was great. The staff was very friendly. The food came out really fast so the little ones didn't have to wait. There was a good amount of people in the restaurant on a weekend, but the staff was still friendly.
3	Food wasn't bad. The service sucked! I almost walked out of the place it took so long for the check. But... it's a nice looking clean place, with a nice menu.
3	Awesome and friendly service. Cinnamon rolls were the best part of the meal. Very awkward that the server takes the order through an app on her own cellphone.
3	Been here a few times, usually get eggs, potatoes, bacon, and toast. Everything is cooked to order just right. Service is a bit slow and the food takes a while to be served. Not a good idea if you're in a hurry. It's a tiny bit overpriced by a dollar I would say. Not bad, but nothing special.
3	Mediocrity at it's best. They have a wide range of choices & options however evening seems bland. There is no life in the food. The service has no sense of urgency & gives no personal feel to your visit. IMHO, too expensive for the experience. On the other hand, my son loves their funny face pancakes & for that reason alone, we will be back.
3	The Boyfriend and I had breakfast here this morning. Food is ok, average at best. Definitely edible, but nothing to really rave about. I ordered the steak & eggs (I'm really on a steak & eggs kick lately) and they were pretty good but the breakfast potatoes and hash brown were both pretty basic and bland. First time I've ever had to add salt/pepper to my potatoes. Honestly this is kind of the kicker for me and even though it's right next to my house it will probably keep me from returning for breakfast. Maybe we'll try lunch next time. Service was really good though. Staff seems very friendly & our server was nice and we never waited for refills. The Boyfriend ordered a bloody mary and he said it was good, although a little on the short side.
5	Me and my boyfriend always eat breakfast there. The service is good and the staff always remembers us. Plus they have a patio
4	We come here quite often and we're always pleased with the food and the service.The service is aways spot on. We're greeted promptly and sat promptly.The food is good, hearty, breakfast. People complaining about lack of salt or pepper? I happen to like it that way. Let ME decide the amount of my seasoning thank you. Lattes are delicious. Fried eggs are perfect. Hash browns are crispy. Corned beef hash is yummy. Local, friendly, not too crowded. Love New Day Cafe.
5	The New Day Cafe has gone well beyond my expectations! Screw Denny's and IHOP, this place has much better food and way better service! I usually order the Biscuits with Gravy and being a cook myself, can tell the gravy is homemade. Then to add on to the greatness of this place, the service is extremely fast! A homemade meal in under 15 minutes? How much better could this place be? AND besides all this, the prices are lower than a sloppy breakfast at IHOP or any Denny's! Overall, I would totally recommend this place to anyone!
3	The veggie omelet was uneventful. The potatoes were served cold. The rest if or party liked their pancakes and French toast. I won't be going back.
5	Never let me down. I love all there Mexican breakfast. The cactus jack is my fave! Everything is really good. Im here alll the time. Convenient location. Nice people abd they serve alcohol and play the games for you sport fans out there. Good prices eveyerthing under ten and they have drink specials!
