4	today was my second visit to the gyro house. i was craving something mediterranean and remembered this place isn't too far from work. located in a nondescript ... no, that's not the right word ... rundown ... nope, that's still not quite right ... ok, completely ghetto, half empty strip mall that also houses a chinese restaurant and a second hand clothing store, the place does not look promising from the outside.  inside, there are 15 or so tables, comfortable molded plastic chairs and an extensive menu to choose from. everything on the menu is fairly priced with the most expensive being "dinner for 2" at $21.95. fountain drinks are $1. sandwiches ($5.95 - $6.95) are served with fries. i had the homemade falafel on a pita with super secret spices, fresh lettuce and tomato (and onion, but i picked that out) and it was yummy! french fries were hot, crispy and unsalted. i prefer them that way ... this way i can salt to my heart's content. anyway, the place isn't fancy, but it is fresh and clean, family owned and serves up some really good food. if you dig fancy, look no further than the back of the restaurant where they sell some pretty fancy-schmancy hookahs, and prices look fair to boot! so there you have it ... homemade falafel, french fries and fancy hookahs. what could be better? to me, not much. gyro house has earned a solid 4 stars from me.
5	We would give this place 6 stars if we could! This place is nothing to look at from the outside; in fact, we probably never would have stopped there if I hadn't read some reviews. This place is phenomenal, it's family owned and run, the owner is always working and friendly. They have the best gyros in Phoenix (and we have tried a lot!) and their hummus is made fresh daily and amazing! We always get top notch service when we go in there and they have fun little trivia booklets to keep you occupied while you wait. The gyro house is definitely a favorite!!
5	The food is tastey and affordable.The atmosphere is friendly.I promise you will be satisfied.A hidden gem.
5	Like many hidden gems, the Gyro House is tucked in a nondescript, pretty empty strip mall. Luckily I stumbled onto this place and it's become a favorite lunch spot.My favorites are the gyros, which are made fat and fantastic. You can grab one with fries for under $7. They have a lot of Middle Eastern faves like falafel and baba ghanoush, or if you're in for a bigger meal there's the kebabs or shawerma.Bottom line is you won't find a better gyro for the price, and the good food and friendly staff have me going back at least once a week.
4	Love this place! The inside is nothing special but for a quick bite to eat is is tasty and the price is right. Owner is very nice and the gyros are excellent. My mom lives nearby and I go often.
5	So, I live near to the Gyro House. That being said, I love this place, the staff is friendly, everyone remembers the regulars, and it should get more exposure. The food is very good and really the owners add the little touch of care that I appreciate a lot. Every time I come I am stepping into a place where I am recognized and appreciated. It is a pleasant departure. It is small, the food is good, it is what you need.
5	I have never been a huge fan of Mediterranean food, but I am officially converted!! Let me start by saying the Gyro house has the best chicken gyro I've ever had!I would definitely agree with the other reviewers that aesthetically, this place is not something to look at. It's located in a small strip mall and the restaurant itself is not the fanciest. However, it definitely has character. It looks like your run-of-the-mill small, local business. The owner was in the store when I went in, and he was super friendly and I received great customer service.Now for the good part... the food! I ordered a chicken gyro with french fries. Both were delish! The chicken was very tender and was served on the fluffiest pita bread I've ever tasted. It was topped with lettuce, tomato, red onion (which I picked off), and tzaziki sauce. I paid about $7.50 for my meal, and it was definitely worth every penny. If you're a fan of a great gyro, this is the place for you!
4	This place is great.  The food is amazing.  Everything they say in the other reviews.  The only drawback is the decor and location.
2	Lets get the positives out of the way first. Okay now that we have covered that, lets move on to what is wrong with this place. Oh Yelpers you did me wrong on this one. Of course they might have been having an off day but I will never know. I want to be very clear that in no way did the black hair in my tzatziki sauce effect my rating of this restaurant, as a matter of fact it was the attitude of the employees about the hair that didn't do them any favors. I realize that humans (most) have hair and from time to time one wanders into food, and that is a part of life. Not worth getting hot and bothered about in my mind. But when I show it to you and you show it to the cook, then proceed to dish up another dish of it (all the while talking in your native tongue so I have no idea what you are saying) and simply hand it to me with a "there you go." ??? Really? No "sorry about that" even? No good kids. Okay there were some good things, the prepubescent version of the tzatziki sauce was one of the best I have ever had, and the rice was cooked to perfection. However comma what I was served was not what I had envisioned from past experience, what I was served was chicken soy sauce stir-fry with onions, A Greek salad that was reasonably fresh but soaked in vinegar dressing. And the final nail in the coffin were the mini wedges of dried out stale pita bread. What I am I supposed to do with this? How about a freshly warmed whole pita or flat bread so I can put the ingredients inside like a wrap? It was like trying to pile meat, rice, sauce and lettuce onto a really thick corn  chip. I recommend taking a pass on this place, or if you feel if you do, don't get the "shawarma" plate. BTW, this is how Shawarma meat should be cooked. http://www.sanobar.com.sg/images/shawarma-org.jpg Notice no goopy reduced soy sauce mess? Blechk!
5	Oh have mercy. Every time I am in Phoenix I NEED to go to the Gyro House. No menu required... I just order the lamb gyro. It comes with a basket of thick, hot fries that I continue to burn my tongue on. I never learn. The gyro is flavorful with just the right amount of yogurt sauce and red onions. The lamb is cooked until it's a little crunchy and the pita is always soft and chewy. Mmm. The place itself isn't that charming, but the family who runs the place is very nice. I am glad to give them my business!
4	Wow.  This place is great!   I rarely go for gyros so I'm not sure what to compare them too,  all I know is that it was really tasty!!!  Well worth the price for What you get.
5	The menu from the Gyro House is a staple around our house. If we lack the energy to make dinner at the end of a long day, chances are we're calling in an order. I've been telling myself that I would get on here and promote this place for ages.  These small mom/pop restaurants where pride is still taken in the food are exactly what most neighborhoods lack. The owner is friendly and energetic and is quick to get your order in with the kitchen. I typically order the large salad topped with gyro meat which comes with pita bread...I wish I stopped there. This place serves some mean steak fries for cheap and I struggle to say no when they offer them up.   If you're in the area and you're not picky about decor for your dining experience...try this place out!Great food, family run, and pretty darn speedy!
5	They have the best gyro meat in town. and their Greek Salad with gyro is my favorite.wonderful family business! I will definitely keep going back.
4	Good, cheap, Greek. We've gotten take-out at least three times from Gyro House and have loved everything we've eaten so far. It's inexpensive and you get generous portions. Yeah, the inside is not fantastic, but we wouldn't choose to dine-in anyway. I recommend Gyro House for sure!
1	Awful... not even mediocre. I am giving them one star out of sheer awe that they have managed to stay open this long.  I am shocked at the positive reviews and can only surmise that the owners have lots of family and friends or there are a lot of folks in this area who just don't know any better.
4	Good food and great service, but couldn't give it a 5 stars because they don't serve lamb. Not sure what they put in the rice, didn't know rice could taste that good.
5	This is my kind of place; a really great dive. First off, the owners are extremely friendly. I wanted to try a falafel and I didn't want to purchase the entire platter. I got hooked up.  The babaganoush is the real deal. The Gyro's have a ton of flavor. The prices are dirt cheap. I dig the Gyro House!
4	Great place to have near home when a gyros craving hits. The food is always good, if not great, and prices are very reasonable, We've had just about everything on the menu and havnt found a thing we didnt like. I wish they still did the cabbage roll specials, best I ever had.
4	This place took me bu surprise. It was delicious. The gyro meat is was spiced and cooked to perfection. The salads were great and very fresh. Cant wait to go back.
5	From the time we entered the door, until the time we left, the operators of this establishment treated us like on of the family. The atmosphere is homely and inviting. There seemed to be quite a bit of hookah smoking going on, which just added to the authentic environment. Unfortunately, we were there for carryout, but we will go back soon to enjoy a full sit down meal. We are looking forward to it.
5	It's a lot to say but I this place had the best gyro I've ever had.  I guess that makes the name appropriate.  I had the traditional gyro with the side salad substitution and not only was the pita soft, warm, with just a slight crunch, but the meat inside was perfectly cooked, seasoned, and with nice big chunks (though still tender).  Even the side salad was good, with lots of feta and taste, instead of the typical side greek salad you get at most places that looks like it was thrown together in 30 seconds and maybe came out of a bag.  Definitely recommend this place and will be hitting it again.  P.S. The baklava they have is HUGE!  It's bigger than a rolled taco, instead of the tiny slices you get elsewhere.
1	The gyro was okay.  The hummus tasted store-bought and the baklava which was supposedly made by Grandma was disgusting.
5	Great gyros. Kids loved them. Meat was big flavorful and juicy. I will be back
4	Once again, I found myself in an area that I was unfamiliar of what there is to eat.  I pulled out my yelp and looked up "greek restaurants" nearby.  Gyro House popped up and had good marks.  I ordered the greek salad with gyro meat and it cost me about $9.00. My order came out in good time and it was PACKED with gyro meat. Good flavor and filling. I could have used more pepperconi and tomato but no biggie it was still done well. I probably won't find myself this far north Phoenix again, BUT if I do- I would certainly visit Gyro House.
5	Went to the Gyro House for lunch today.  My sister has been telling me about this place for awhile.  I wasn't disappointed.  Family run business.  Marlene (I hope I got your name right?) was awesome!  The beef gyro was excellent.  The pita bread warm and so fresh it must've been made this morning.  I used to by Pita Bread back in Oxnard from a greek bakery so I know good pita bread!  Anyway, the gyro had just the right amount of meat with a great sauce, lettuce, tomatoes etc. It came with big fat fries cooked to perfection.   Ordered the baklava to go and it was delicious!  My only regret is this place isn't closer!
4	Gyro house is one of those places you never want to leave your area. Great Gyro's and very nice owners.. The whole family is here pretty often.They have a large screen TV which always is showing one of the Finals games(NBA), and hookah is $10 here. LOVE IT!
5	My husband and I love this place and luckily it's really close to home.  They have the best gyros and the fries are amazing.  This is typically our lunch on Saturday.  Yummy
4	My husband and I just ate at this restaurant tonight and it was delicious.  We got hummus for an appetizer and each had the gyro sandwich. He got his with steak fries and I got a side salad. Everything was great. The side salad was exceptional. The restaurant is located in a shopping center. The decor is dated, however, it's not quite a dive. The location and decor are the only reasons I didn't give it 5 stars. But the food and owners are great. I will definitely be going back soon.
5	The best gyro my mom and I have ever had! The meat is moist and flavorful.  Owners friendly.  This is a must try! Will absolutely be back!
5	Best Gyro I have ever had. So good on many levels. Been here twice in a week. Meat is tasty and the bread is so soft. The fries and onion rings are good too. I have ate at the restaurant and ordered to go. Both are good options. They have a bunch of high chairs but I have not seen any kids using them. I got my Gyro and fries for $7.50 which is good. This place is not fancy but has really good food.
5	Been to the Gyro House many times, and have not been disappointed.  Gyro's are great and blows My Fat Greek out of the water.
5	The best middle eastern food in AZ . I loved there gyro and falafel . I will love to come over here every time I come to AZ. The owner is amazing cool guy .
5	Great good.  Cheap.  Had a gyro and salad.  Totally worth the visit.
5	We found these folks by accident and have been going back on a very regular basis.  We love that it is run by a family and they have phenomenal service.  I have tried all of the specials and never been disappointed.  On friday nights now, they have belly dancers and other entertainment.    If you live in that area, you owe it to yourself and your tummy to give them a try!!
2	This place used to be good. There was a change of ownership and if I had to review in one word, it would be:GREASEall the food was too greasy. The string beans side was swimming in oil. The beef in the shwarma was tough and chewy. The gyro was much better but it was still too greasy. The baba ganoush was so bad we threw it out, having hardly eaten any of it. Disappointing, won't go back.2ND VISITI lied. We went back. A sequel so lame you could call it Grease 2. GREASE. SWIMMING IN GREASE. Gross.Also the baba ganoush is stringy. I've never had it stringy anywhere else. Maybe somewhere in the world they make it that way, who knows. Don't like it that way. We had baba ganoush last night at Pita Jungle and it is sooooo good and it's not stringy.
4	Very food falafal and the pitas were fresh. The Baba Ghannouj was particularly delicious! The roasted eggplant flavor really carried through.
4	I have to say, growing up in Europe I am always hopefully to find a good Gyros here in the Valley. This location is next to my job and I decided to give it a shot even though it's in one of the standardized strip malls we have here in Phoenix. The place doesn't draw crowds I have to say, but when I went the restaurant owners and their family were sitting down for lunch and it was a scene straight out of a movie. That alone did it for me. I think they could do with a better location, but my reviews are always a combination of the atmosphere of a place and its food. The food I've had here is great but I just wish I wasn't always eating there alone. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and in the mood for some Greek food.
5	This place is amazing. The Greek Cheese friends - to die for.The cinnamon apple tea - to double die for.The Shawarma - the most amazing thing out of everything.This place will become a new regular stop for us!
5	Best Gyros in town! I used to work right in the area and always wanted to try this place and man am I glad I did! They're Gyros are perfect! The price is great too! for $5 you get a Gyro and french fries. Not bad in my opinion. You can opt for a larger size Gyro and pay a little extra for those of you who need a bigger one, but for me the regular size was just right. It had the right amount of meat and the sauce was perfect! I had a Gyro salad one time too and I took out the pita cause I was trying to avoid met and it was an AMAZING salad!
5	Love the family owned business especially in our unique area. I would by no means call this area ghetto or seedy as some previous reviewers had. The area has survived the test of time, may need a little update but still has the same upper class, down to earth people like the owners of this restaurant. They keep it real and appreciate their clients and not try to keep up with the Jones to the east of us. The food is excellent but make sure your not heading out on a date later because the garlic has the gift that keeps on giving. My favorite is the falafel, fresh and not greasy.
5	not only is it a great place to eat -but it's definitely got the capability to serve those when they need  catered meal....unbelievable menu options for catering and every single one of my guests had nothing to say but positive thing's.local family owned business that I would recommend anybody looking for great middle eastern food!
5	Came in for lunch. Nice little place, very friendly staff. Had the beef/lamb gyro and it was excellent! Would absolutely eat there again!
5	Great food, and fast service!
5	I've been here 3 times in the last week for lunch since I'm working nearby. Had the regular gyro and chicken schwarma (spelling?) and both were really great. This is how a gyro should taste in my opinion. Don't be fooled by the meager exterior, this is a charming place with great food that is priced just right.
5	I love mom and pop business but this one really takes the cake .. I nearly always get a gyro and Greek fries , it's inexpensive , fresh and the service and personable family who run it can't be matched in the valley ..Everything is made to order and some of the entrees I have had are just phenomenal .. I give this place 5 stars for the food and service alone .. Also they have BYOB and there is a little liquor store a few doors down that has a deal to give a discount to patrons ... Friday nights they have belly dancing and they also have hookah ..
5	What a great find! Family ran, homey restaurant. Nothing fancy inside but the food is delicious and the service is warm. And there was belly dancing too!My husband is on a low carb diet so he had the Greek salad with gyro meat. He said it was delicious and he didn't feel the least bit deprived. I had the falafel sandwich with Greek fries. The falafel was perfect. The seasoning was delicious. And the Greek fries... holy moly. The feta and the sauce that came on them. To. Die. For. They are BYOB with a $5 corkage fee. Still a great deal compared to the excessive markup of alcohol in restaurants. Definitely one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in the valley!
5	A great local restaurant, great food great service I couldn't ask for more. The owners are very friendly and always making sure everything is perfect.
5	Fresh, home made and delicious. One of the best Mediterranean restaurants I have ever visited. Highly recommended.
5	Finally got to try a gyro here and boy is it delicious!!!! Their Greek salad, fatoush and thyme wrap are all so delicious as well. Can't wait for my next cheat day!
5	Great food, clean , friendly, good price and a lot of amazing food. What I order, gyro sandwich, small side of hummus with pita bread and/or French fries or substitute with Caesar salad or Greek. Don't forget to get the baklava. Such a delicious treat all under 20$!!!!
5	Awesome people and amazing food! Always fresh and delicious! I am from California and always make sure to stop out here when I come to visit! Definitely recommend! Hookah is great as well!
5	This little restaurant is a diamond hidden in the Arizona desert. You might never know of it unless a friend recommended it because it is set far back in a plaza on Shea. I have been eating there for about 5 years (probably 2-3 times a year) and they have hands-down the BEST gyros in town. Also, I would die for their french fries and tzatziki sauce. I always do take out because I am a bit of a germophobe. It's dark and a little outdated, and the cleanliness level is meh, but I am willing to overlook that because it's delicious. Don't judge the food by the front of the building, just try it and you'll want to eat there for the next few days!
5	My favorite spot in Phoenix to grab a tasty lamb/beef gyro for lunch! I usually order the same thing every time because I love it so much but the have plenty of yummy Greek options to choose from. I've also ordered their pita and hummus appetizer and it's great price for the amount of hummus you get which I must say is creamy and flavorful. The pita is also soft and everything you could want from a pita. Their tzatziki is YUM. If you're in the area I highly recommend popping in for a filling and reasonably priced meal!Oh and did I mention you can buy a take home Gyro kit?! SO COOL and you can share the gyro love with fam & friends.
5	Family run business run by really nice people serving great gryos.  Marlene recommended a fantastic dinner for the two of us. We are dedicatedly going back.Try the Greek fries.  Not something I would normally consider, but the fries were crispy and covered with feta.
5	Yum! Good Mediterranean food and family run. Always friendly and fast and it's nice to support small neighborhood business.
5	Great people,  great food. Stop in and you won't be disappointed. Had the gyro and spinach pie and almost died from the flavor explosion! You can smoke a hookuh and byob,  and belly dancers on most Saturdays.
5	The Greek fries are not to be missed.  The staff is always friendly and attentive.  Try it and you won't regret it.
5	This place is absolutely delicious. I used to work in a "Greek" restaurant down the road (Tatum & Shea) and this place is actually REAL authentic Greek food cooked by GREEK people. The taste is HANDS DOWN by far amazing in comparison. You can tell the difference. I will never be able to eat knock off Greek food again.
4	I can only agree with the other reviewers. It is a family owned/run neighborhood restaurant on the NW corner of 32nd and Shea. The restaurant is very clean, very friendly, with outdoor seating when the weather is nice.  I've only ever ordered 3 items. The gyro, humus, and, my favorite, beef shawarma. It comes with a great geek salad and yellow rice. Looking at the other reviews I think I'm going to try the Greek fries. I had never eaten in a middle eastern restaurant before and now it's a neighborhood favorite.
1	Microwaved food over over over seasoned gyro meet horrible food and very expensive. There are much better Greek restaurants ..
4	Have you ever wanted to visit a Greek family for a traditional home cooked Greek dinner... go to Gyro House. It's not fine dining or fresh seafood flown in from the Greek Isles but it is nice people who cook with flavor.  Homemade deserts, wonderful humus plates and salads (ask them to go easy on the dressing if don't like a lot) and Gryos as good as I have had anywhere... including Greek neighborhoods in NYC and West LA..  Oh and ask for the soft fluffy Gyro bread instead of the pita bread with your humus.
4	I do like this place, however, it can get expensive if you don't pay attention to what you're getting. But I love their rice and vegetables. The gyro meat is usually good, but this time was sooooo salty we couldn't finish it! They were out of the beef shwarma, but the chicken shwarma was good instead.  Overall, I recommend this place.
4	People who run it are so nice and the food is really good!!!!! Come here pretty often. Great salad and great prices!
5	Absolutely fantastic. Best gyro I have had to date! The lamb/beef was cooked perfectly - well done while still being tender with that delightful savory melt-in-your-mouth sensation. The tzatziki was incredible. It tasted fresh and flavorful, and it didn't seem like it was put together as an afterthought.  The pita bread was fresh and soft, and held everything together nicely. Also, even though I am not normally a fan of chunky fries, I found the wedge fries served with the dish to be phenomenal. The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. Overall, it was a wonderful experience, and I will definitely be back!
5	Ate here on Saturday for lunch.  My wife and I loved it.  Great food.  Great service.  Good prices. We will definitely be back.
4	There's not much to say - just go try this place! - The gyros sandwich is SO good - maybe a bit on the salty side, but kind of goes with the territory. - The fries & tzakiki are like crack. Ok, they ARE crack, but they won't rot your teeth. - The gyro salad is great. I go for this when I'm not in a 'bready' mood. And, there's a YouFit for anyone who stuffs themselves silly and wants to work it off. Ha. Great little local place with solid food. Don't let the tiny corner put you off - give it a try!
5	Looking for a gyro? Don't go anywhere else. You get great customer service and great food. Get the greek fries. You won't regret anything you order, unless you didnt order the greek fries....
5	Ok, I love love their gyros. The meat is so flavorful.  I've compared them to Edens Grill.... gotta say Edens got nothing on this place.  It was a party in my mouth. The people who work their are so friendly.   Just found my new food joint.
5	Yummy food and fast and friendly service. I look forward to my next visit. Also, the kids (ages 7 and 10) enjoyed it also and ate almost all of their gyros!
