3	This Detroit Hot Dog restaurant is Legendary in Detroit and I first heard about them on a Food Channel Program. So when I heard that they had opened a shop in The D Hotel and Casino (Formerly Fitzgerald's) I had to give it a try and see what all the fuss was about. The shop is located on the far East entrance off of Freemont Streets Covered Pedestrain walkway and is quite small & cozy with about 20 or so tables that seat 2 to 4 people and there is a counter lining one wall to stand and eat. On the day I  visited there was no line and I was pleasantly greeted by the girl behind the counter taking orders. I ordered the Coney Island Dog which came on a soft white steamed bun and included Mustard, chili and onions and with tax came to $4. The service was fast with hardly any wait at all in receiving my order. Overall I dont see what all the fuss was/is about. While the hot dog itself did have a physical "snap" to it when I bit into it, over all it was "just another Hot Dog" and about $1.50 overpriced in my opinion. Pinks is still TOPS on my list and is THE BEST, most memorable Hot Dog I have ever had = Almost a foot long, covered in chili, avocado, tomato & onions. OMG!! In any case, if you are on Freemont Street give them a try, but if you are looking for value for your buck with a punch, stick with the old 7-11 standard $1.99 Big Bite.
4	Sooo happy American Coney Island opened here! I am orginally from Michigan and moved to Vegas in April. I have been craving some REALLY GOOD chili fries. This experience was exactly what I needed. I ordered the loose burger ( I don't eat hotdogs) plain which came in a soft hotdog bun and was somertherd in chili. I also ordered chili fries and the fries hot. My only suggestion( why I only gave 4 stars) is that they serve Michigan pop ie Vernors, Faygo and as another customer suggested Better Made potato chips .I will recommed this place to friends and tourists and plan on going back soon.
5	This dog is the best this side of the East Coast. Made my whole trip to Vegas!
3	Nothing special...James Coney Island is still my fave...or pinks...nothing special for a $4 hotdog. However the employees are very cool. Very Fast service.
2	Hotdog would be a 4 [once they got the order right], but since that took sometime for that we will give it a 2Chili cheese fries, it it was melted cheese would've been a 5, but it's like shredded cheese that wasn't melted enough--3Ordering-1So after a morning of watching football and gambling on a Sunday we wanted drunk food.  So we decided on this place over McDonalds b/c I had seen in it on the news.Walking in, it's way too bright, there's just stuff everywhere and it's just too much [see the pix it hurts your eyes and I love the American Flag but this is not tastefully done] After waiting about 5 mins b/c they had issues w/ the lady ordering in front of me it was finally my turn to experience the debacle [she even looked over at me rolled her eyes and wished me good luck].  Have you ever heard the expression "too many cooks in the kitchen", that's what happens here. There were 5 people behind the counter all bumping into each other, talking over each other, and not getting the job done.  They need more training. Plain and simple.I had to order my order w/ the cash register guy 4 times before he repeated it, then the guy making the hotdogs still got it wrong. So, I had to look over the counter, coax him in the right direction, and get my dog right!!!!   My suggestion here: make a condiment bar.  That way people can put what they want on it, you don't have to do it behind the counter, nor worry about it, and the process would go much smoother.They also don't have sauerkraut :(  that made me sad. I love a good kraut dog.Chili was actually very good and the dog was great, crisp on the outside and perfect on the inside.  The other issue:  they put shredded cheese on the chili cheese fries and it doesn't melt enough when you are trying to eat it. So cheese strings fall all over the place.  Also, there's not ketchup on the tables????  So I had to go back up ask for extra ketchup and they squeezed it into the top of my hotdog container, my guess is b/c they were running out of bottles of ketchup???  They didn't even have containers to put the ketchup in [again condiment bar....like Roberto's Tacos does would be awesome].So place needs work, hopefully they make it happen.  2 hotdogs and a order of chili cheese fries just shy of $13
5	Located inside the newly redone and renamed D on the Fremont Street Experience. This is an import from Detroit that did not need a government bailout. It is certainly too delicious to fail. The dogs are a Dearborn sausage, that has a wicked snap, and the chili is fantastic. Worth the trip downtown! I say give it a whirl. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	I didn't think my hot dog was anything special.  It was okay, maybe cause I don't like chili that much.  I think the hot dogs at Costco taste better.  The french fries were also lackluster, and tasted like they were frozen/store bought.The place itself is small, so groups of more than four people will have a hard time finding a place to sit together.  Also, I think there's an entrance on Fremont St, which is the quicker/easier entrance to the restaurant.  Otherwise, getting to the restaurant through the D's entrance on 4th is sort of like weaving through a maze . . . .
5	The best and tastes just like Detroit.  Would have loved it even if I'd never had the original.  Only had the chili dog with mustard and onions, but had to have a second to continue the savory taste.  Staff was friendly and helpful and would go back in a heartbeat if I wasn't going home
3	Decent hot dog, but not as good as 7-11.
3	The hot dog was ok.  I loved that it was really fast service. On the other hand, I don't understand Detroit, Coney Island, and Hot Dog connection.
4	If you like quality hot dogs, you'll love it here. Excellent dogs at a cheap price. I went with the standard dog, on which they add onions, chili, and a few other ingredients. Very cool people working behind the counter, enough seating, and best of all - open 24/7!I only wish they had a fixins bar so I could add jalapenos and stuff. They do have drinks and fries available. But come on in any time, day or night. You'll love it here.
5	Best hot dog I ever had, I recommend the coney.This hot dog is better than nathan's, better than Costco dog, better than pink;s...
3	Last Saturday night was pretty hazy but somehow our group ended up here.  Next thing I know, I have a Coney Dog handed to me.  I saw cheese, onions and chili on a hot dog and it was devoured in less than 30 seconds.  I had some chili land on my sneaker as a parting gift although I am not sure it came from my dog.  25 seconds didn't fully allow me to take the time and analyze the complex flavors of this "world famous" hot dog.  But considering my state at the time, if I had really liked it, I definitely would've gotten another one.  I am not a big hot dog person.  It would be my last choice of food at any sporting event or bbq.  I'll reserve Hofman's hot dogs of Syracuse, NY as the best one I've ever had and this was average.  Not many other hot dog options on Fremont but I'd rather do Mermaids for their atmosphere :P
3	Had a dog before the night began. Ordered just a dog with mustard, onions. Friend had the chili dog with onions and mustard. Pretty standard hot dog, not much "wow" factor.  The fries, I agree with other posters, tasted like frozen fries.  Very small counter area for ordering, and very very small dining area. Staff was very friendly and efficient. I think based on previous reviews, they may have replaced the staff or trained them because we had no problems ordering or with our food.
2	ACI may be an institution in Detroit, but it has no such history here in Vegas. I'm not from Detroit/Michigan so I offer my opinion without any hint of nostalgia or homesickness. Yeah, the dog may be better than AM/PM, but at $4 a pop, AM/PM may be a better value. Nice snap, a very mild chili. These dogs are definitely not better than Costco/Sam's, the over the top Pink's, or my favorite Vegas chili dog, Tommy's Famous Hamburgers. I washed down my dogs with a gyro. Good, just like the dogs. But nothing special. Gyro Time is better. If I were a tourist I'm good with ACI. As a local I wouldn't make a special trip.
4	Great hotdog place!  I ordered 2 dogs and chili fries.  Just like in Detroit, they put their chili, raw onions and mustard.  The dogs had AMAZING snap to it.  The buns were steamed so they were soft.  The chili was delictable and not too salty.  It was heaven.  I ate the 2 dawgs, ate a bit of the chili fries, threw that away and ordered another dawg.  I highly recommend.  It's the way a hot dog should be prepared.
5	Detroit, Michigan oh how I missed you...Haven't been to Detroit, Michigan since about 2008. Detroit is well known for their coney islands and boy do they live up to the hype. In Detroit their is like a coney islands on every single corner. Literally saw a coney island across the street from a coney island on 8 mile in detroit. Now here I am living on the west coast and have been wanting to fly back to Detroit just to get some Coney Islands. What do you know...I stumble into the D hotel casino in las vegas and find a Coney Island....At first I just couldn't believe it was true.Sure it says Coney Island in name but does it taste like Detroit coney islandsThe answer is YES......YES.......YES!!! YES.....YES.....YES!!!!! *In my best Daniel Bryan voice. One of the best hotdogs I ever had. The chilli cheese fries are also on point! I come back to Vegas in about 3 weeks so first thing I'm buying when I land is some coney islands....no doubt about it lolWOO WOO WOO YOU KNOW IT!!! *Zack Ryder voice
4	For months after moving out here from Michigan I tried to explain to people "Hey know of any places in Vegas which are cheap, but really good food wise like a coney island?"  Most of the time I got blank stares, but now people know what I'm talking about.A little background, coney islands are everywhere in Michigan.  You go there for breakfast anytime, Greek salads, pie which is kept in a rotating fridge and lost importantly un-healthy, cheap food.American and Lafayette Coney Island are staples of Detroit and for whatever reason are right next to each other.  Back home I prefer Lafayette (maybe because it's dirtier?) but i was so pumped when I found out The D would be getting one.What to Expect:Freshly grilled greasy hot dogs with a famous chili sauce all over the top with onions and mustard.  You'll need wet naps if you expect to eat this with your hands, so grab a fork and knife.  You can expect the food to be cooked to order, yet FAST, one of the best things about a coney island.To no surprise prices are a bit inflated from what I pay when I go back home to Michigan, but that is expected for something in a tourist stretch.  If you need to satisfy your junk food craving for the month, come here and you won't be disappointed.Tip:  Not a hot dog fan?  You can get the "loose" version, which is ground beef inside of a hot dog bun with the sauce and fixings!
4	Oh a taste of home! Being from Metro-Detroit and now living in Vegas I crave coney dogs... There used to be a place in downtown Henderson but it closed but soon as they did these guys opened up! Full confession... I'm a Kerby's fan. But I'll take what I can get out here!!! Everything is shipped in from Detroit so the chili is just like at home and so are the dogs. They even have Gyro's!!! The only downside is that they are in the middle of Fremont street, which is great to catch tourists but us locals don't want to be around those people more than we have to.Oh and the only other minus is... no Faygo! If they started carrying Faygo they'd be over the top amazing
4	Probably poison. Don't care. Delicious.
4	I had never heard of a Detroit dog before now--was itching to try it!  And, although small, the Coney Dog was very good: a hot dog with a real snap, embedded with very smooth and flavorful Chili, mild Yellow Mustard, and chopped onions within a nice steamed bun.  A Gyro on Pita Bread was also quite tasty--with tomato slices, well made flat meat, crunchy White Onions, and a good creamy Tzatziki Sauce.Cheese Fries made with shredded American Cheese were good, but not as satisfying as Liquid Cheese Fries, which contained Cheese Whiz as an element and were much better melted than the shredded cheese-covered fries.Our table had to be cleaned up before we sat down, but it was cheerily and quickly done once we drew this to the staff's attention.  And, the staff was a friendly lot, with the male cashier, who appeared to be in charge, cracking jokes while our order was being prepared.  Although our food was prepared to order, the wait for it wasn't even 5 minutes in length.  The Chili was definitely good enough to order as a dish itself--and next time I will!The only downside for me was, despite consciously exercising all possible care, while in the process of eating, a large dollop of bright yellow mustard and chili dropped out of the bottom of my Coney Dog and landed around the second button down from the throat on my new white dress shirt, forever staining and killing it despite my and Diane's best efforts to blot out the yellow and brown smear.Aww, the taste experience was still worth it!  But since this was the third of four shirts I messed up with dropped food in just a period of two weeks, perhaps I had better start packing a bib on my future food outings.
2	Easy spot in the D Casino/Hotel to grab a hot dog and some chili cheese fries.. nothing wrong with any of that but the hot dogs are something like $8 each. Pretty high prices for that kind of situation. I don't say I wouldn't go there again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	I don't understand what the big deal is!  Well let's see Chili dog with extra onions!  First of all!  I can understand that chili .75 cents!  But your really charging .75 cents for extra onions?  Are you serious right now?  This hot dog, didn't taste any better than Wienerschnitzel!  So lets see the difference in price  Coney Island 2 chili dogs with extra onions $9.50  Wienerschnitzel 2 chili dogs extra onions 2 for $3.00.......So I can also get 4 chili dogs with extra onions, 2 fries and 2 sodas for under $10.00!   I saw it, and had to try it!  I won't be back!  Not worth the money! .
2	When I am walking down Fremont and I see a little hot dog spot that looks like it belongs in Chicago or NY, I get high expectations. This was a decent dog. A decent over priced Las Vegas strip dog anyway. Nothing special about it. I would have given them 3 stars for being average, but when you act like you hate your job, you lose a star. Sorry, not sorry? I had cheese and onions, and the boyfriend had the same with chili. Don't get me wrong it was better than Weinersnitchel or however you spell that gross place. But it wasnt an American Coney Island hot dog. Trust me I've had em! I'd take a sabrett off a street corner over this any day! Skip this place and go to the many new downtown spots that are worth being overpriced.
3	Best chili dog ever!At 3AM and not inebriated, it was hard to find food that was open.  But my surprise turned to shock when I found American Coney Island!  The chili was perfect, the onions had the right oomph, and the mustard was excellent.  But none of them could match the SNAP of the natural casing!  Apparently this is a Detroit original, as some of the staff were straight from there.  Maybe that's why they weren't very happy to be there.  The place was pretty thrashed too, but I'm not sure if that was the staff's fault or the patrons.But the food made everything ok.  I'll be back, and this time I'll buy two, maybe even three.
3	You had me at gyro!  I went to American Coney Island to try the dogs but decided on the gyro instead.  It was as good as those I've had at most greek restaurants.  I get it every time I go and still haven't tried their dogs.  I have tried the fries and they are very good.  The only negative is that their menu is basically dogs, gyros, fries, chili, and cheese so it might not please everyone.
3	It'll do. And I could practically conclude my review right there with "It'll do". When you're hungry and down on Fremont, it'll do. When it's 3:00am, it'll do. When you're staying at The D, it'll do. When you want a hot dog, it'll do. So yeah, it'll do. It's not great. It's not bad. It'll do.This is a 24-hour spot located in The D (formerly Fitzgerald's). It's accessible from both inside The D, as well as directly off Fremont St. And this means you'll no doubt see some interesting characters in here.The hot dogs aren't cheap (just under $4), but they're far from expensive. The dogs themselves are good and a better quality than the cheapie ones you find at other Fremont spots. The chili is alright. Cheese doesn't come on it unless you ask. The fries are completed average. You get a decent portion of them. They also serve gyros. But why get a gyro from a hot dog place?Bottom line, it'll do.
1	The chili dog looks and tastes like cat vomit.  I took one bite and tossed it.  Keep walking, this place SUCKS!
2	Overpriced for what it is... a hot dog. Average chili, and a regular bun. These dogs would run you under $2 on a NY street cart and would be 100x's better. Good drunk food while walking around downtown and open 24 hours. Probably last time I'll go unless I'm desperate and craving an overpriced hot dog.
2	Amongst the bevy of cheap, gut busting foods along the Freemont Experience including pizza, "White Castle" sliders, tacos, and doughnuts, American Coney Island was the poison I picked this night.  The eatery boasts name-brand appeal and some history, however, their actual product here brought some shame to the storied dog's legend.I chose the coney island dog with fries and a soda.  The hot dog was small with nothing to differentiate it from any other hot dog.  The chili and onions added some flavor to it, but only elicited a "meh" from me.  The fries were it's saving grace as at least they were crispy and decent.  It's a decent option, but there are probably much better options to spend your $10 on.
3	This is an okay place. I've had way better hot dogs before. The hot dog itself was a joke (so thin and small). I specifically said no mustard and yet they still put it on there which ruined the taste for me. The main thing I enjoyed were the French fries.
3	This is Detroit style Chili Dogs. They use a nice snap dog and a seeded bun. There chili is like paste. The employees were funny and very suggestive. The location is rough for Las Vegas locals. Tourists should love this late night Chili Dog Palace.
3	It was okay if you are really hungry and need something to eat. And you cant get refills on your softdrinks and they only have a small selection of sodas too. However, their fries were really good.
2	eeeh, it was a hot dog.  Nothing special at all, not generous with any toppings; I feel like I walked into the great depression.  They only give you just enough dog, bun, onions, and mustard to cover their costs; other than that, you don't get what you pay for.  If there was something really special about this place or how they do business, or with their food, I would go here more often.
4	Had a coney with onions cheese and ketchup, it was f*cking great and hit the spot. Don't hesitate to eat here if you like a good tubesteak.
2	This place is nothing close to the original one in Detroit.  Not terrible, but absolutely no sizzle.
5	I'm not sure if I was just hungry but the service was extremely friendly and the chili dog was great.  Especially for the cost of under $4.  It's a great place to stop by for quick bite right on the Fremont Street Experience
4	I miss the Detroit area a lot so when I was downtown and stumbled upon the poster advertisement at the "D" I ran over.  It was just about how I remembered it from home (tasted great) but twice the price.  The staff was really nice.  So  its cheaper than flying into Detroit just for a chili-dog but really there isn't any reason to charge that much.  There are a couple of other places in town that serve similar (Great Links) but the pricing is about the same.  I'll go back!
5	I'm from Detroit and I love that this place is on Freemont street. The coney's are so good, def one of the better fast food places to eat on freemont street.
3	I think I expected something else when I heard we were eating at American Coney Island. Maybe like, a full 50s-themed diner or something? Anyway, it's tucked away in a small corner of the D casino & hotel, right on the Fremont strip. They have coneys and fries and that's about it. About a dozen tables and an environment that says "eat, and go, please".But when you're starving and a little drunk (like I was), this place hits the spot and saves you a few bucks you can lose at the slots instead.
5	In LOVE with this place!!! The coney is AMAZING, the loose meat sandwich is AWEOME, the service was just like in Detroit (fast and efficient!!!), Will definitely have a coney every time I come home to Vegas. Love Love Love!!!!!
5	Natural casing hot dogs that snap.  A soft bun.  Chili that tastes like its straight from Detroit.  Onions, yellow mustard.  Chili fries with extra chili.  Nothing more to say.
4	Not bad for being an affordable food place in downtown Vegas. Their chilli cheese fries were pretty good to say the least.
4	After sampling tasty Bison Tri-Tip at the World Food Championships along Fremont Street, I stepped in here for lunch.  The staff was friendly as always, and service was very quick.This time I downed an excellent Coney Dog with a noticeable snap, including overflowing Chili, White Onions, and Mild Yellow Mustard on a nice soft bun.  No Ketchup was needed!  Unsalted French Fries were good, but some spud tips had darkened skin showing that would have been better clipped off.One dog was not enough.  So, I had two--at $4.05 apiece, including tax!  No mess this time, except for some Chili on my fingers.RATINGS FOR THIS EXPERIENCE:  The Coney Dog -- 5 stars!American Coney Island overall -- 4 starsI will most assuredly be back to The D for more hot dog heaven!
3	This place is good.  Chili, hot dogs, fries...what's not to like???  I went 2-3 times while I was here in Vegas...hence the 5 lbs I seemed to have come away with!  Better than most fast food....
4	Updating my original review and upgrading to 4-stars ...My first experience at American Coney Island came after losing a HUGE pot on the river at the Golden Nugget Poker Room. I needed some (very) late night comfort food, and remembered my friend recommending American Coney down the street at "The D" (which, incidentally, is the most unfortunate name for a casino ever) They specialize in Coney Island Hot Dogs which are, oddly enough, a Michigan staple food. Despite the time of night, the service was prompt and polite, and I was quickly served two Coney Dogs. My first impression was that they were good hot dogs, but maybe not worth the price. The hot dog was of excellent quality, with that signature "snap" that a Coney Dog is supposed to have. The chili - or "Coney Sauce as they call it in Michigan - was a bit on the bland side. It was good, but I didn't feel like it stood out over any other hot dog chili I had before.Maybe I was just in a sour puss mood because of dropping my pocket aces on a bad river beat, because I went there a few days later and enjoyed them much more. It was even later at night (pushing morning on this visit) but the service was cheery and fast. The hot dog was as great as before, but the chili really stood out this time. And even more so on the chili cheese fries I got as an accompaniment on this visit. I went the second time out of sheer convenience - I was playing late night "old school" slots at The D - but I'll be craving these Coney Dogs on future visits. After the second visit, I had to upgrade my 3.5 stars to a full 4 stars.
5	Reminds me of coneys from the Detroit area - thank you!!!! Only thing missing is the Lafayette Coney across the street :) Staff was super nice and friendly.
5	Just a great chilli dog place. The hot dogs have a natural casing and eveyrthing seems fresh, even when you're getting a dog at 2 in the morning. The chilli fries are also very good. Only con I would say is lack of a fountain machine, only bottle of soda.
5	I'm from Detroit and was in Las Vegas for the first time.  I was very pleasantly surprised to see American Coney Island in Las Vegas as we exited "The D" Casino.  I had a Gyro, which was very delicious, as expected, just like it would be at their Detroit location.  I've never been into Coney Dogs, but everybody else seems to be.  I like that their Gyro is on the spit... I feel like it's more authentic that way.  If you've never had one, the Gyro meat is Lamb and Beef (around 80% Lamb, 20% beef).  Also, in case you don't know, a Coney dog is topped with chili and onions.  ...I had to chuckle when a customer walked in after us and said "What's a JYRO?" (That is, a Gyro, pronounced wrong), but I guess if you didn't grow up around Greek people or in the Detroit area you might have no idea.
1	Even with egregious amounts of hops pulsing through my veins, the hot dogs at American Coney Island made my nervous system collapse into a mushroom cloud of misery. You would figure that imbibing barley pops with your buddies would put you in a joyous state of unhindered merriment. We even chatted it up with the lackadaisical guy working the counter. This cashier was personable, possibly stoned, and supportive of our decent into an alcohol induced haze. And then the coney dog rolls out of the factory window, dressed to the gills in chili and defeat. Two bites into this throng of sodium and I'm lolling in despair. The chili tastes like it was purchased in the can aisle of a 99 cents store. And the hot dog is in a sad state of quality and flavor. With Mermaids down the street offering Nathan's franks, there's really no reason to roll the dice at American Coney Island. White flag raised.
1	I walked I to this establishment as Captain Jack Sparrow with Wolverine last night and were immediately advised that our kind were not allowed to be served or welcome in their establishment because of our profession.  I could not understand how in this day and age I was being denied service because I was different.  So to clarify I asked the young black man at the counter to tell me if it was because of my sex, gender, race, creed, color, religion, or other reason and his response was, "No man.  I'm black." Really? #Descrimination #CivilRights #MLK #BuskersNotAllowed #Boycott
2	I'm from Detroit and love a good Coney dog but this Jerk ruined it with his shrewd attitude.  I now live in Las Vegas and was in the area.  I ask if there are any military discounts and he replied so quick and nonchalantly one could surely take offense.  Then I ask if there are 'industry' discounts, he asks what industry and I tell him (Chris or Drew- the black guy with hazel eyes) that I'm a bartender.  He says no again so I try to joke it up with him to cool things out and he blatantly brushes it off in a hurried manner as if I'm bothering him.  To top it all off, my pop was a little more than half full that he fixed for me and he did not provide me with a fork which I do believe is standard.   It makes me want to just keep going to Hot Doggery on the strip and their not as good but the customer service is GREAT!!!  This guy is acting like I was trying to pick up on him; honey after 8 years serving my country I think I've come across some with better jobs than your arrogant for no reason behind!!!!!
4	Chilli dogs! They make it in front of the window for you as well. It's not that easy finding a really good chili dog and these guys do it pretty damn well. It's located in the Fremont area of downtown Las Vegas. It may cost a bit more than you'd expect but hey you're in tourist area. Be ready to pay to play. The dog size was reasonable. Not too small and not too big. The oozing cheese on the bun and dog. That was topped with chili onions and a little bit of mustard. Such a simple but delicious treat. I would definitely eat this again. I want a chili dog right now. I've never been to coney island but when I do I'll be eating tons of these.Recommendation: Chili dog.
4	If you want a real coney come here!! If your drunk, anything taste good, but the fact that I am familiar with this place have lived in Michigan for 12 years, my drunk butt was really excited lol  We walked through the casino, and I seen the sign, and I thought it was just a sign, but when we walked around more BOOM! HEAVEN! Prices are really reasonable! $3.75 I believe for the Coney! So good! Staff was happy and friendly.Oh and I asked if I could have a hat that had the original address on it with their location, the kid behind the counter was nice enough to give me his.
5	Great food, great atmosphere and great service. My kid got the looser burger, I got a chili dog and also a yummy hot dog. Awesome place to get out if the heat when in Vegas.
5	Detroit coney island in Las Vegas. As good as the original, highly recommended. The staff was super friendly and nice. Coney dogs are top notch. Will be back every time I'm in Vegas.
3	Serviceable food, comparable to a decent "roach coach".Hot dogs are pretty good (better than Pink's on the Strip though) but not bun length, chili was o.k. but lacks in comparison to Original Tommy's and even Stagg's canned chili.The fries were bog standard for a diner so nothing overly special.Overall decent food at a reasonable price but nothing to write home about or go out of your way for.
4	So my bf and I stumbled upon this place and we're very glad we came in. Staff welcomed us immediately, we ordered the standard chili dog. Hot dog bun was soft in texture with a bit of a crisp, the dog had great flavors with a snap, and that chili... yum. Now in no way can I compare this to Coney Island... but my overall experience was great. For the price, the fact that you want a dog that late at night, sounds good to me!
5	Being from around Detroit I can never get enough of these hot dogs!!  They are amazing!!  It's like being home again.  I will never come to Las Vegas without coming here to eat one of these, or two or three!!!  Love how it's in old vegas and they taste the same as they do back home!
5	Take it from a local, don't walk by this place without getting a loose burger. Or 5 of them. Or one one of the best gyros ever.
2	I expected more for $5. especially with a hot dog place in the D ...
5	I really wasn't expecting much when I walked into this gem tucked under the D. Just another drunk night cruising the Fremont Experience. As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted by the very friendly cashier.  The staff was very polite and professional. I ordered a basic coney the way they suggested and it was the best chili dog I've ever had. The hot dog had a great snap and was very juicy. The chili was classic homemade style chili. Not spicy. Onions were fresh and cheese was great! Even the mustard was quality.  So, before I know it I've had 3 conies and chili cheese fries. Great job American Coney Island. Great experience! You've become my go to place in Fremont.
2	I expected more.... just an over priced hot dog- nothing special!
5	Real coney dogs from Detroiters! All the ingredients are the same thing you'll get in a Detroit coney. Service is super fast as coneys always are. The location is superb, and they are open all night so after you realize you need a little food to combat that sixth or seventh drink, stop in and grab some motor city comfort food. Coney dog, loose burger, and chili cheese fries are part of what makes life worth living. I can't wait to stop in again later this week!
5	First time eating here and it was great. Being from the east coast and now living in California this was a very pleasant surprise while visiting Las Vegas.  Good quality dog , steamed bun and great fixings. So good I went back three times  Great customer service and very friendly folks working there. Looking forward to my next visit during Vegas Bike Fest in Oct .
3	I had a hot dog and fries here, wasnt too impressed.  I think the price was a bit high, considering you are in vegas.  I mean you canget all u can eat buffet for $10 or a hot dog combo here for the same price.
5	24/7 chili dogs!! One of the best chili dogs I have ever had- very clean & fast service. You must try it out when you are on Fremont street!
5	The BEST Gyros West of the Mississippi! (Hope I spelled it correctly)While I am spoiled by Chicago Vienna hot dogs, I have not tried and will not review the hot dogs here at American Coney Island, so this review is based solely on what I consider to be the BEST gyros and customer service West of the "Deep River"!Living in Los Angeles, it is nearly impossible to find GOOD authentic and fresh gyros that is cut of the spit.  The only places you will find it is at the seasonal Greek festivals around Easter time.  It saddens me that the closest place to get great gyros is on Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas, but hey.....1 more reason to visit Sin City.Upon my arrival at American Coney Island that is located in my favorite LV Casino "The D", I was met by mario, the restaurant manager.  Simply put Mario...ROCKS!  I like my gyros cooked and prepared special.  I like it CRISPY around the edges, a tad well done, and NOT finished on the grill.  So I asked mario if he could accommodate my special requests and he was more than happy to do so.  He told me to give him 20 minutes while he raised the heat on the spit and began to prepare my custom gyros order...perfect, gives me 20 minutes to hit Video Poker while I waited.A 4 Deuces Jackpot, and 20 minutes later I came back to the a most BEAUTIFUL site; A perfectly cooked and over stuffed fresh gyros sandwich with my name on it!  It was a gorgeous site in deed as I savored every wonderful bite!  Gyros SO GOOD I wanted to crawl under the table like a dog and not be disturbed while SMACKING it down!  Mario walked over to me and asked if it was to my liking and I told him he was Magic!  He did and excellent job!!  THE BOTTOM LINE:As stated above, this place has the BEST gyros and customer service West of the Mississippi!  This has become my favorite lunch spot and midnight snack shop while in LV!  Mario....keep up the good work!  I'll be back!  Enjoy!
1	Absolutely the worst hot dog on Fremont Street. You can go to multiple places and get a better dog for less money. Everyone in our group was totally disappointed.
3	My home away from home... I was pretty excited to get a Coney here because after being away from Michigan for so many years, I really miss the old favorites. At least home was a little bit closer when I came here. I just wish there was more on the menu, but oh well. The place could also use a makeover.I should note, if you do make your way out to Michigan, please try a real Coney Island restaurant. This place really doesn't live up to the name except for the hotdogs and gyros.
1	This place was GARBAGE!! I spent $13 on 2 small ass tasteless chili cheese dogs and fries!! The hot dogs was under cooked the chili barely warm and absolutely bland. The hot dog was the cheapest of meats who knows what mess I was eating!! Ughhhhh I was shocked that I spent money on something I felt like was worth a total of $3!! I can't imagine how anyone loves this place and dirty atmosphere w trash over flowing. I didn't even want to give it one star but I had to just to leave the review. Highly not recommended!!!
4	One of the newer additions to the D in Las Vegas. I would not say best hot dogs around. But the connivence of them being open 24 hours and semi reasonably priced. Drinks have free refills as well.
3	Place has good food don't get me wrong. I ordered chili, coney hot dog and chili cheese fries. Fries were good, chili was a little to runny for me personally and I didn't like the texture of the hot dog- it kinda taste like they boiled it which to me isn't all that great. Fries were my favorite. I would come back for those.
3	Had a chili dog. Taste was great but for $4 not a great value. Service was good and the place is clean. Marginal recommendation
1	My opinion of this venue is based on price and food quality.I come from Hawaii--land of the overpriced everything, and I didn't think it could get worse. I was wrong.The hot dogs here are the smallest dogs I've ever seen sold at a restaurant venue. It's absolutely nothing special. Chili, mustard, onions... and a skin that you sort of snap through as you bite it. What am I paying $3+ for? The skin? The chili wasn't anything special either, tasted like libby's canned chili.I happened to watch that TV show that featured the flagship venue. This did not live up to the dogs shown during the competition. Perhaps its because it's Vegas and everything's either smaller or overpriced? I don't know.What I do know is at a hot dog stand at my college campus, I can get a jumbo dog with the works for the same price. I wanted to give two stars but my dissatisfaction with the value outweighs anything else for me.
1	I and family were sooo disappointed  Worst hot dog ever! Taste like a boiled hot dog. .staff very rude! ! Don't bother, a waste of your money
