5	Attended the soft open and it was worth it! Amazing authentic Italian deli and pasta imported from Italy. Wine, beer, soft drinks and a nice simple menu with fresh food. Def worth the visit and price. Casual place for quick lunch or a decent sit down and conversation. Owner is from Italy and very friendly. A+
5	Soft opening night!! Good times good people.... Cheese and Wine... Pasta 4 cheeses amazing!!
5	This was only their third night so they are still working out a few kinks.  Finally, some Italian food in Southern Highlands. We had the anti pasta with delicious cheeses, olives and meats.  The prosciutto was excellent.  On to chicken parm, spaghetti with meatballs, four cheese pasta and lasagna.  No complaints from the family and we all agreed that the marina sauce was wonderful.   Lots of great looking items in the deli counter.  Will have to go back when not in a rush to take a closer look.Casual atmosphere, friendly staff, good value for the price.  Glad we won't have to leave the neighborhood anymore for our Italian food cravings.
4	I saw the sign going up and the name intrigued me. I was thinking Spaghetti (Italian) western (B.B.Q) I wasn't sure what variety the menu would have. Well I was wrong but that's ok because I found a great Italian deli. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. They walked me through the menu and showed me what items were in the deli case. The man helping me reminded me of Gru in the Despicable me movies (I mean that as a compliment). I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and a cup of potato soup. The soup was fantastic. The spaghetti and meatballs were amazing. I willdefinitely be back. -1 star for not having any minions. :-)
5	First let me say that I'm so excited this place finally opened!  Today I went in and the staff was very friendly and helpful!I ordered my food (spaghetti w/meat sauce) to go and it was really good! While i was waiting they provided me with a sample plate of prosciutto and cheese... so yummy! The prosciutto was soft and light and not too salty and it blended with the cheese so delightfully!   The only downside which is part of working out the kinks is there was no plastic wear or napkins in the to-go bag. That's half my fault for not asking.  Also wished they had a green house salad but they don't :(  All in all very happy to have them as part of the neighborhood!
5	Authentic Italian deli foods!!!  Best soup ever...Minestrone alla Genovese soup!!!!!  Not your typical Las Vegas cookie cutter franchise food.  Worth checking out!
5	I love this place. Been twice and everything is delicious. The homemade soups are yummy, spaghetti western from the few bites I stole was great but you cannot find a better antipasto in LV. Andrea is from Italy and has managed to bring the food and authentic experience to southern highlands. Bravo! Looking forward to next Sundays supper.
5	Wonderful great tasting food no fancy flair JUST GREAT FOOD FRIENDLY SERVICE GOOD PRICES. VERY CLEAN you have to try their taramasue it is heaven. Durning our Waite the owner gave us samples of real Italian imported parachute ham and imported cheese everything is made fresh at the restaurant and you can taste the difference. You have to give this a try
5	Support this restaurant! We don't have many good restaurants in Southern Highlands and this place is amazing. After living in Brooklyn for 3 years, I was looking for an Italian deli like the ones there and this place exceeded that.    I've had the spaghetty western, arrabbiata, chicken parm focaccia, and took home fresh mozzarella & prosciutto. Everything was delicious and better than most of the places I had in NYC.
5	For the price and portions, this place is amazing.  Truly authentic, but a little more salty than I expected.  The meat lasagna was great.  I ate here several different nights and there must have been different cooks.  The older one came out one night and that was the night everything was too salty.  The middle age cook had far better cooking skills, it was his meat lasagna that had us back.  The 5 strs are for the nights there is the amazing cook.  I tried the stuffed peppers, avoid it.  It was not good.  The spaghetti with meatballs is awesome.  The illy cappuccino is great.  It is in the small shopping center.  I prefer the Italian waitress, she barely spoke English and was terrific at teaching Italian.
1	Walked in to place a to-go order. Lady told us to have seat and she'll be with us soon. Another family comes in, does the same. Then about 5 more people come and she took all their orders without acknowledging us so we left after 10 mins, they didn't even notice us walk out. Might try again another night but not anytime soon.
4	Came for lunch.  Chicken parm sandwich was tasty and the meatball sandwich was pretty good.  A bit slow to serve but everything is made fresh.  True Italian deli.  Next time I'm having the prosciutto for sure.
5	I recently just tried this an had the most amazing food for under 15$. The man up front is so damn nice and I order classic spaghetti and meatballs and asked for some prosciutto app. He brought out about a half lb of prosciutto and added a few slices of tomatoes and some buffalo mozzarella which was so tasty. It's the little kind gestures like this that keep people coming back. I will definitely make this one of my regular spots. The prosciutto wS some of the freshest I ever had and the meatballs and spaghetti made for some wonderful left overs. Again. All of this under 15$. Can't beat it.
5	Still super friendly service and wonderful food.  Specials change daily with different soups, pasta offerings and sandwiches.  We have been at least every week or week and a half since opening and we love our Spaghetty Western.  Yes, it can get a little crowded at times but it is worth the wait.  I never have to worry about leftovers uneaten in the fridge.  Have ordered items for guests at a party and the reviews have been great.  I cook at home 98% of the time so it is nice to have a neighborhood restaurant that isn't a chain with quality ingredients.
3	3.75 starsThe first question I asked, "Do you have turkey?".  After I got a continuous earful with a strong Italian accent that was barely understood....he went on and on about what they do have.  The long and short of it, they don't.   It's not an Italian market, but it is a true Italian deli.  They don't have boars head like a typical place.SW is more befitting to locals. I wouldn't go out of my way.  It looks like a deli, not a restaurant.Meatball Sandwich================Presentation - 5.0 stars.  It measured 8-9 inches.  Uncut, and beautiful.Pick-up Ability - 1.0 stars.  It was mush in my hands.  Too much sauce.  This doesn't happen at Capriotti's!Meatballs (3.0 stars) - Heavy, not bready enough to be light.Sauce (2.0 stars) - a sharp taste, like vinegar.Cheese (5.0 stars) - wonderful quality of both parm and mozzarella. Bread (5.0 stars) - amazing.  Toasty and fresh.Talkative, but a very nice man.  Lasagne looks great, and huge slices at that.  It might be worth giving them another try, even though the sauce was questionable...it could've been a bad batch.
4	I know first thought Spaghetty not Spaghetti?? Huh?? Okay maybe just corky gimmick too get you walk in the door or meant too help restaurant stand out from the crowd?? No matter the case one thing you will find is good food, great service, affordable prices, and  small business owner that cares about customers from minute walk in. Bonus if urge too take some fresh parmesan cut from block, deli cuts, or even fresh dessert serve by the piece too go Spaghetty Western has you covered all ways Italian.The restaurant set up like standard deli restaurant. Not many tables but also bar stool area that can eat on. The menu have paper menu look at and also computerized version too look at hanging from at the wall. Sneaky but make sure check the specials of the day on chalkboard off too the side. They do great job of explaining the specials that day if you miss it. I ordered the Spaghetty Western since carb loading for 50miler bike ride next day. So thinking heavy pasta dish with protein and pasta. The Spaghetty Western is solid choice. The spaghetty (believe fresh tasted like too me) combine with the sausage, pancetta, and peas really nice light tomato sauce was awesome. Not heavy loaded with pure chunks of tomato or too think that not much of sauce. It had the right balance. The pancetta and sausage could eat by itself! Sure would order anything with either one of those meats on the menu. It came with order of garlic bread. It not often would rage about garlic bread comes with you entree. Garlic Bread showed me much they care about the little things even though comes with my entree. Two pieces had nice spread of butter, garlic, and chopped parley. Besides it came out HOT crispy garlic bread. The portion size was great not too mention very affordable. The only negative comment would say is that stack of dirty plates that sitting on table next too me the whole time. Not sure if lack of staff cause small business. Still nothing that would stop me from coming back for more pasta or trying more of the menu. The desserts all look great and definitely yelpers rave about. I make sure leave room next time. If in the area in need of solid Italian food not going break the bank need too stop in and no worries about the corny name. Never judge book by its cover my friends...
5	This was our first time trying this place and it certainly won't be the last!  We don't reside in Southern Highlands, but in SW Vegas, but I would certainly drive across town for a meal here.  The restaurant is small and casual, but the food was honestly some of the best we've had anywhere, especially in Vegas where Italian isn't on par with what my fiance and I grew up eating back home.  Every part of the meal was outstanding.  I had one of the daily specials, gnocchi with marinara, mozzarella, and basil, and he had the fettuccine alfredo with chicken.  Both meals came with garlic bread, which was also divine. I ordered a dinner salad as well and it was perfect.  The whole meal with a bottle of wine was $52 before tip.  I would pay double for the quality of the meal.  If you are looking for a sit-down restaurant, this isn't really it, but if you want quality recipes for a reasonable price, you've found what you're looking for!
4	The pasta is really good and homemade, I've gone twice and I've haven't been disappointed yet. The owners are really friendly and nice to their customers but most importantly the food is good which is what keeps people coming back. I really love Italian food so I was really impressed with there meat sauce and the linguini but the carbonnara was good too. The Tiramisu is too die for or at least have at your last meal. I love cannoli's too but wasn't really impressed with these. Check out Spaghetty Western you wont be disappointed if you love really good pasta.
5	This is the best Italian food we have had not only in Las Vegas but anywhere! Real Italian chefs, imported meats and cheeses, everything is fresh and made in house. Reasonable prices for the quality of food. Very casual atmosphere like a deli but it is 5 star restaurant quality food. Very reasonable bottles of wine for sale, we had one imported from Italy. Started with the anitpasti misto, which was big enough it could have been our meal, but we wanted to try more. We had the lobster ravioli and a special which was tri color tortellini with 4 cheese sauce. The pasta was so tender and soft, obviously very fresh. The lobster ravioli had huge chunks and generous portions of lobster. Even the garlic bread was amazing. Didn't get to try the dessert because the wife who makes them was away in Italy for 3 weeks, but I heard it is just as amazing. Can't wait to try it along with some of their sandwiches. We will definitely be regulars. It is set up as a deli so they do take cards, but you can not tip on your card.
5	I am so happy this place opened in the neighborhood.  Very fun atmosphere, traditional italian style deli, friendly team of people, and incredible and affordable food!  Definitely a weekly stop for our family.Spaghetty Western dish and classic spaghetti & meatballs are my two favorite so far.  And the from the deli... prosciutto and peppercorn cheese are amazing.
3	live in the neighborhood and several of my friends told me it was very good, large portions, fairly priced.  I went in a little before closing on a Wednesday and ordered the lasagna to go.  I think it was about $11.85 with tax.  When I got home the container that the lasagna was in was smaller than a Big Mac box.  While it was tastey, I thought based on what came home with me, they were way over priced.  There was also a picece of garlic bread.  It had huge chunks of garlic.  I really liked it, because I love garlic, but I know the rest of my family would have said it had too much garlic.
4	Food was superb, prices were good, atmosphere was ok, but it was busy and service really suffered.  We had the spaghetti western,  pizza, sole with pasta and a glass of wine ( all very tasty) $55 out the door.   I'll be back!
5	Clever name, a take on the sub-genre of Western films, except with a "y" at the end. Possibly to sound more "Americanized", like they did when changing the spelling of the last names when immigrants arrived through Ellis Island. The menu pays homage to the old films with sandwiches named after them, like "Hang 'Em High" and the "Magnificent Seven". Greeted at the door by Andrea, he immediatley started telling me all about the meats and cheeses in the deli case. A thick Italian accent, and a very enthusiastic sales pitch, we started talking about where he is from in Northern Italy, he went on to tell me all about his products in the store. The place is small, but they have a pretty extensive menu.  One of my favorite things in life is a charcuterie and a cheese board, complete with a glass of wine. I now have this in my neighborhood. Pretty large selection of imported Italian cheese as well as imported cold cuts like: speck, prosciutto crudo, soppressata, mortadella and your usual salami and pastrami. The cheese is what really peaked my interest, the gorgonzola was off the charts delicious. A strong bite, this is not your usual gorgonzola that we are used to. Fontina and Asiago rounded up my tasting. They have an assortment of pastas, some made in house, some imported from Italy (they are frozen) as well as house favorites like eggplant parm and steak milanese. Also available are some housemade desserts (try the Tiramisu, it was fantastic) as well as imported Bindi Cakes. They do have beer and wine available as well. They offer seasonal specials, like rice arancini, which I will definitely come back to try. Andrea said they do cater, and they also offer cheese/cold cut trays. This is a true Italian Deli, don't come in looking for a turkey sandwich and complain that they don't have it. It's not Subway. "Whattsa matta you"!
5	Love this place!! Great food and great service :-) this Italian girl approves! Try the gnocchi in vodka sauce, or the fried calamari when it is on special. The waitress is very knowledgable about what sauce goes best with which pasta (ravioli, gnocchi, tortellini, etc) and she can tell you the ingredients without having to ask. The service is prompt, and the food comes out very quickly, which is rare for Italian! I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone that is looking for some fresh Italian.
5	I went here for lunch today & it was AMAZING!! So amazing in fact that I am ordering dinner for the whole family from here tonight!! I want to try everything on the menu! My one and only complaint is that I wish it was big enough to eat dinner comfortably more restaurant like, but I get why they have it the way they do. The food is so good! I've never had Italian food like this! The gentleman that was there was so sweet and helpful! His amazing Italian accent just adds more charm to the place! It's a must try!! Such a great addition to the Southern Highlands community!
4	Had the vegetarian lasagna, house salad and this fudge/cookie cake ... Delicious!! Absolutely delicious! Can't wait to try all the other menu items.
5	LOVE! Real delicious Italian food. If you eat Olive Garden go somewhere else. I had the linguine and white clam sauce. I would have licked the plate if no one was looking. Boyfriend had chicken parm with the most delicious marinara. This food could be coming out of any high dollar restaurant on the strip but instead coming out of an adorable hip neighborhood spot. Plus father/son head chefs-what could be more deserving. I hope everyone in Southern Highlands eats here so it succeeds and I can keep eating here.
5	Daaaannngggg! While traveling with family and friends we were looking for a quick place to eat. So I turned to Yelp.  As a Sergio Leone fan I was intrigued by the name. Upon arriving at this quaint spot I was excited to see a deli case full of cheese. The staff were extremely courteous and passionate about their restaurant and food from the second we walked in.  I was sold on the veggie lasagne and the two dudes I was with opted for the Cioppino Royal.  All of it was amazing! The preparation was beautiful and the flavor was outstanding. The proprietors obviously value quality and their customers. One of the best random Yelp stops I've made.
5	Excellent food.   Antipasti, meatballs, spaghetti and the best cannoli ever!  The food and the service are really great.
5	"real authentic italian spot" fire!!!! For being an off the strip place this is one of the best Italian spots around... 916mobn....
5	It is really exciting to see that we are getting more delicious restaurants in Southern Highlands. I stopped in and was immediately helped; the chef himself came out and explained information about food choices. I went with his recommendations and my husband and I were very pleased with the food I brought home that night.
5	Was reluctant to go here for whatever reason but decided to once I saw the yelp reviews.  Southern Highlands is sparse for good food.  Spaghetty Western has just come in and become it's best restaurant.Great service, great food.  Italian is not something I normally choose as a first choice, but the appetizers/pastas/deserts are all 5 star.  The prices are very reasonable as well.  Can't miss.
5	I ordered a meatball sandwich as well as chicken Parmesan .  Very good and would recommend it.  This place can get busy so ordering to go by calling them would be a good option.
5	This place serves up incredible food and the gentleman who always helps us is charming and knowledgeable...he knows quality and makes excellent recommendations.
2	At this point I have been waiting for over 20 mins for my food.  It was an order to go.  They could have told me it would take so long for a meatball sandwich and a pasta dinner.  No matter what it tastes like now it has just been to long here.  Finally, my order is ready.  I hear that they made a mistake and that's why it took forever.   They offered my a free desert as a reprieve.   Mehhh, not a good first experience at all.  I sure hope this food is good.  Did all this yelping by the time I hit the car.
5	All the food is great!  A real authentic Italian chef and his family. Locally owned.  My favorite is the spaghetti and peppers!  My wife loves the lobster ravioli.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to come here for lunch since it was close to where he lived. Also, I've been meaning to try this place out but because it was still really new when I heard about this place, there wasn't a whole lot of information. I didn't know what exactly they had on their menu. Well, today, I found out! They had a bunch of different things on the menu ranging from meats, cheeses, sandwiches, and pastas. I LOVE pasta so we don't have to guess which category I looked at!I ended up going with a Penne Arribbiata while the boyfriend went with their Spaghetty Western. When we went to order it, this gentlemen, with a very THICK accent, took down our order and asked us what we liked it about it. He warned me that my pasta was spicy but I LOVE spicy so of course I wouldn't have a problem! I think after that, I just nodded at what he said cause I couldn't really make it out. He said something about olives and I just said, "I'm fine with that." I'm not sure if the olives were an add on or it came with it ... but if you were to order something, pay extra close attention to what he's saying! He's really nice though!When I ate my pasta ... oy boy! It was spicy!! It wasn't alarmingly spicy but if you can't handle spicy foods, I wouldn't suggest it. It was very good. It had enough kick in it for me but the spiciness didn't burn. The penne that I chose with it was al dente, which is exactly how I like my pasta :) The serving sizes are pretty big too. I actually didn't finish my pasta so at least I have left overs for lunch the next day! Also, a piece of garlic bread comes with the pasta! The ONLY thing I didn't really like was it took a while to get the food. We had ordered it to go so we were just waiting and waiting. But I would definitely come back to this place !!
2	Service is spotty, ordered and waited a long time. Got home and food was greasy, my husband had been before and loved the meatball sub so we thought it would be great.  I was so hoping it would be but I'm let down.  Will try again in a few months.
5	Eggplant parm and the fisherman's linguini. Authentic, delicious. The spices are just right.  It's hard to please me when it comes to pasta.  This more than met my expectations. Deli style restaurant. No need to dress up. I can't wait to come back. What does Dave say?  Yum
5	My husband describes this place as "Legit Italian," I'm in agreement there.  We've ordered from them twice and the food is so good.  Big portions, so you have more than a meal coming to you with an entree.  Fresh food, good quality products used, and everyone there is very friendly and welcoming.  Eat it.  It's good.
5	Wow this place it's amazing food is great very quick service ...nice little hidden gem of Italian would recommend to all my friends...
4	PROS:Their pasta meatballs never disappoint us, juicy and flavorful, great match with the freshly made red sauce. Italian linguine Carbonara classic is another paradise if you are a white sauce lover.Cannoli is crispy even being leftovers.Open kitchen so that the chef can even explain to you the cooking methods or ingredients.Almost everything can be customized and freshly made to order.CONS:The lady server is on the cold side and seems to be impatient.Lemon pie is way too sweet and desserts here are overpriced comparing to the food.
4	So happy I found this place! Don't let the their name and signage throw you off (as it did for me, at first). Their food is great and prices are reasonable. Portions are large - we had enough leftovers for dinner tomorrow night!For me, the highlight was the HUGE antipasto platter. $12 and you get to select 3 meats and 2 cheeses. Plus it comes with olives, roasted peppers, artichokes, and garlic bread on a bed of greens. So good!I ordered the gnocchi with meat sauce, also good, and very filling. Not as good as my all-time favorite Rao's, but I still enjoyed it.My hubby ordered the cioppino, which you can get mild, medium or spicy, with linguini. It was really good! Very hearty - with crab, shrimp, clams, mussels, fish, and calamari.The restaurant is fairly small, so I can imagine it filling up quickly. The vibe is very casual. Service was good. Can't wait to go back!
2	RUN AWAY!  The older cook stuck his finger in his mouth 2 clear sum food caught in his teeth then stuck his hand in the pasta reservoir to put on someone's plate.  We only came here cuz of the overflow @ Off The Strip.  Servers/cooks may have been overwhelmed cuz of the heavy business.  Plus female server had a martyr complex: "I'm the only one doing stuff.", "The owner makes things too chaotic", etc.
4	This is he first time we have eaten from Spaghetty Western. We had the food delivered to the house and the delivery time was quick. I had the meatball sandwich and it was excellent and was still hot considering it was being delivered. My wife had the Magnificent 7 sandwich and thought it was very good and fresh. She said it was an interesting combination of flavors that you would not find at a typical sub shop.  The only thing preventing a five star rating is the lack of side item choices. Each sandwich came with a bag of chips, but we'd like to have options for the sides. We will order from here again.
2	Don't bother! Food was comparable to Olive Garden at best. But worse than that, the service! We came in around noon, the only people there when we arrived. The waitress was incredibly rude. When asking for a recommendation she was very short and not the least bit helpful. The quality of the food could have been overlooked but the atrocious service can not. Will not return and won't recommend to friends.
5	Their antipasto is amazing. We've tried a few things and all delicious. The staff is a little unprofessional but it doesn't really bother me. A must try.
4	I was happy to see a new place open near my neck of the woods and took the opportunity to get a bite with some friends.  The service was warm and friendly and the food was quick.  The young lady made some good recommendations with our antiposto platter which was huge. My chicken Marsala was large and tasty.  The only thing I would gripe about is the small seating area but it is understandable as I saw a ton of take out orders while we were the only ones seated there.  Just a casual place with some solid food.
4	This little cafe brings fine dining to a casual setting. The care that the staff takes in preparing dishes is equal to that of a traditional high end restaurant.Behind the counter the wait staff is having fun with each other while preparing amazing food. I had the pasta and peppers that were amazing flavorful and filling. The eggplant parm was equally as delicious. Even though the price is slightly higher than you'd typically see at a deli it is well worth it due to the portion size. Great quality and care put into every dish I saw come out. Can't wait to go back.
5	We just came back from an Italian vacation.  The quality was that of a Trattoria in Italy.  The cooks are from Italy and made us dishes with homemade pasta.  Great pasta and desserts. Highly recommend if you are looking for high quality Italian.
5	Really good Italian food.I must say this place is way better than any Italian restaurant I've ever been too. You can really taste the quality and freshness in their food. I've been here a couple times now and I've been impressed by the flavors of the sauces. The gnocchi is out of this world b/c it's so garlicky and the potato dumplings are so tender; it's my all time favorite dish here. The service is fair the first couple times my family and I we're served by a blonde waitress and she seemed a little off. The last time I came here (yesterday) the service was way better. I went w/ my friend and we were served by one of the chefs. He was very pleasant, attentive and smiled. (Smiling is a plus for me) Hands down the best restaurant in Southern Highlands.
5	OMG fantastic food. Had chicken picatta was the best. Friend had veal Parmesan Whole Maine Lobster all incredible. Waitress Jessie was the best ever. She is a a dry comedian. We laughed so much with her. We would definitely go back for the food and for our waitress  Jesse.
5	Veal parmigiana was superb. Great bottle of wine for $18. Server Jessie is witty and bawdy in a good way. Our stay was fun and we will return soon. Great restaurant !
5	Man oh man... i read some reviews on this place after i grabbed a quick bite with my girlfriend. i have no idea what these reviewers are talking about... i walked in this place and had service immediately even though the joint was 3/4 capacity. Not only were they friendly and helpful, but the food came out shockingly quickly. Coming from a very critical executive food and beverage family, i thought the food was delicious. Not a single thing left on the plate. As far as their authentic deli... WOW!!!! Very hard to find excellent Italian deli meat. They carry the real deal. Not that mass-produced, overpriced Boars Head crap. if you're looking for a casual "hole in the wall" type Italian restaurant or divine deli meat. Check this place out.  i know i will come out of my way to come back here!
3	Linguine and clams is good, better  than Oyster Bar. My husband's order kinda ruined, he ordered, Rib Eye Steak with veggies but when he asked for steak sauce, they don't have it. You don't serve Steak without  steak sauce, especially when it really needed.
5	Spaghetty Western has the most amazing Chef in Jason. His cooking is authentic, and delicious! I'm addicted. We eat at SW at least once a week. The staff is super friendly and attentive. Even the Chef comes out from behind the counter to assist guests. I'd highly recommend the pasta with lobster in a spicy marinara sauce (has to be my favorite so far), the lobster ravioli in a pink vodka sauce is unbelievable, and just the simple pasta marinara (I like spaghetti) will blow you away!Oh yes, Jason's Father is also an unbelievable Executive Chef (he taught Jason the art)! You can't go wrong regardless of who prepares your meal! Delicious, authentic Itallian cuisine at a fair price in a cozy Itallian Deli style atmosphere. Doesn't get much better than Spaghetty Western!
5	The BEST Homemade Italian food in town!!! The sauce is amazing all homemade pastas. Caperese Salad is amazing and big enough for 3 people.If you want a outstanding burger you have to also order that one the menu!!We are now heading there anytime we want Italian.. from now on!!!Only thing I would change is the tables and seats. They are not the most comfortable to sit at.
2	I wanted to like this place.  There are not many restaurants in southern highlands and so I was excited another place opened up.  I ordered two salads to go.  One was the Cesar and the other was a Caprese salad.  Normally if you order a salad to go, the dressing is served on the side, so I didn't even think to ask for it that way.  I guess I should have.  Not only was there dressing already on the salad, there was SO much dressing on the Cesar salad that I couldn't even eat it.  It was absolutely drenched in the dressing!!  It was mushy and sloppy and just plain disgusting.  A $10 salad better be bomb; and they just weren't.  Disappointed.
2	Great food...horrible customer service!!! Inpatient and rude blonde waitress with no personality and always in a big big rush!! Rude, bitter, and not helpful or friendly at all!!! I chewed her out when she pretty much stated that she was done for the evening and gave me a choice on how to handle my bill with an "ultimatum" type of rude and sarcastic attitude!!! Ugh...!!!!!! I went off on her because this was my second visit there with her as my waitress & I was put off by her service & attitude the first time, and this incident set me off!! She had no remorse and did not seem to care one bit!! She has no place being a waitress!!!  Too bad...if it weren't for her deplorable service, I would give this place 5 stars!!!!!!
5	The pizza was one of the best I ever had! Seems to be family owned. Good atmosphere. Friendly staff.
5	Don't let the cheesy name fool you, this place is the real deal straight from Italy. Great, fresh food.
1	I hope this does not sound condescending, but I am giving this restaurant a 1 star because I care and want them to succeed. I see potential in this place, but only if this hard-working family can straighten some issues that need immediate attention:Service: This was the deal breaker for us. We do not know the name of the lady serving us, and that is because she was not wearing a name tag. In fact, she was not wearing much of a professional attire to serve her customers...yoga pants, a very lose fitting blouse/gym top and dirty gym shoes definitely left a lot to be desired. Here is a list of no-no's we experienced in our visit:  * No greeting when we first came in  * We sat ourselves and 5-10 minutes went by before she acknowledged us...and there were only 3 tables sat at the time  * This lady was flustered and all over the place. She even complained to us about a table (that had a half-finished bottle of wine to go) of 6 people wouldn't leave.  * Her demeanor was curt and, sometimes rude. We spent 40+ minutes waiting for two dishes and we did not checked up on. Our drinks ran dry, no bread was brought to our table, no apology was given! About 50 minutes after ordering she comes to our table to, again, complain about how the kitchen was handling the to-go and eat-in tickets like that was, somehow, our problem. Towards the end of our meal she promised we would get our drinks for free because of the wait, but then she charged us for them! * To top it all of, just as we were done eating, she tells us from behind the counter "Hey, your total comes to $40.70 and I have your ticket pulled up here at the register. No hurry"... HOW RUDE!!! We felt compelled to abruptly end our meal and go to the register to pay. She then has the nerve to ask us how much tip we are leaving her because her register does allow to put the tip after the ticket was printed. Really?!? If this is the case... then get a new register!Kitchen Staff: Very disorganized! Some things we saw:  * A tall guy in the kitchen with shoulder-length hair kept running his fingers through his hair without washing his hands  * One of the line cooks handled tip money without washing his hands afterwards  * The server would clean tables and then dish the garlic bread with her bare hands Food: Average at best. My linguini with white wine clam sauce was bland and 'boring' and my girlfriend's pasta with vodka sauce was just ok. Seasoning and flavor profile could be a lot better.If an owner is reading this, please: * Deploy your staff and give them specific responsibilities, so they don't run around like chickens with their heads cut off.  * Get a friendlier server for the front * Observe hand-washing guidelines per the health department * Ensure you have enough staff to meet the customer demand * Ensure you have a system in place to serve the dine-in customers first, then take care of the delivery/carryout orders. * Fix your charcuterie display. You have a $5000 refrigerated display with some old-looking food and chunks of meat thrown in there. You can do better.Anyways... if you had the patience to read through all this and you are a possible customer, I hope you have a better experience. And, if you work here, please make it better!
4	This place is great! Very fresh homemade Italian food. Complex tastes not boring at all. Great prices and they deliver!! Very clean and friendly service. Glad this restaurant is here.
2	So far I have had a couple experiences at this restaurant, I have ordered the caprese salad and garlic bread to take to a party and the owner was very helpful and accommodating with serving suggestions. My next experience was dining in and once again the owner was very accommodating, one item we ordered was the antipasto, my daughter loves cheese and he no problem with adding extra and I thought that was great. I gave this place 2 stars because as I read many other reviews, I agree with other comments I to had to deal with whomever the unpleasant blonde server/cashier is as well as witnessed some unprofessional behavior behind the counter. Anyone behind that counter should be required to have there hair tied back and it should be common knowledge never to pull out money in front of guest. I really hope they can make the whatever changes needed because I really think they have good food.
4	The food here does not disappoint.   The service is often disorganized and far from on-point.   Last time we were here we got a pound of Speck to take home.  Mmmm.Worth checking out,  from this point forward I think I will do take-out orders.
3	Service: ok, the server kept talking about the staff like we were all old friends "Jesse didn't come out last night...blah blah blah"...it was strangely annoying. She proceeded to tell me & my husband about her night at the bar next door & all the $$ she had made hitting a jackpot. Also, how she ended up saving/spending it. Ok, that's nice, but I'd really like to order some food. She was playful with my 1 year old so, she gets a point.Food: something left to be desired. The chicken sandwich we ordered to go for my dad looked good & he enjoyed it. I had the eggplant Parmesan: just had a weird taste to it & it was a HUGE portion. My hubby had a sandwich (can't remember which or much about it)I liked the place because of the location & I wanna come in and try something different. Hope I don't get that chatty somewhat disorganized waitress.
5	Tonight there was a male chef that had all the women drooling,  bit not from the food. The food was full of flavor, not just salt.  The clams linguini had very small but tasty clams.  The lasagna portions are yo be shared.  It's just a good Mom and Pop Italian place with home made East coast style Italian great food.  It's not high end or glitzy, it's not a fake factory of greetings.  Staff here are sincere and wholesome, so they share what they share as if you are family.   There's no glitter here and this is exactly what an Italian locals place should be.  No mass production and no factory style franchise,  this is an original.   Keep the Sexy male chef out front. ..women will come.
4	Went here on a wim since it was new and I was craving some pasta.  It's not a super nice place, tables are kind of small and shaky but not a deal breaker.  You can either order up front or just have a seat a waitress eventually comes by.  There were a few other people there so we decided to dine in.  We ordered the anti pasto, Linguine Fisherman, & Arribata sauce pasta with chicken.  The serving size is quite generous and they give you a huge piece of garlic bread.  The taste was not bad either!  Pricing is about average, not crazy expensive (think Olive Garden pricing).  We go back or maybe order to go again definitely!   The only thing is that the wait was a little longer for the anti pasto and I guess there's only one deli guy who alsp works the cash register which is why it's slow?
4	The executive chef Jason is a prodigy! Chicken parm was to die for, and everything was reasonably priced. Server was okay, you could tell she didn't want to be there, but we all have days like that. I'd love to see them have some good wine specials to pair with the amazing food. Maybe do a meat and cheese plate paired with a featured wine? I'm not sure if they offer happy hour, but if so it isn't very well advertised Glad I stumbled upon this neighborhood gem, I look forward to this becoming one of my regular spots.
2	This is generally a really good restaurant.  With a couple of exceptions which is why I gave them two stars.  Spaghetty Western employees a waitress who, well to be frank, is a complete bitch.  She is about 40 years old and has blonde hair.  If you see her, run away!  From what I understand the owner agrees that she is a bitch but keeps her because she "...gets the food out."  Ummmm any service person can get the food out in a restaurant that seats less than 30 people.  We have been going to this restaurant since it opened and now only get our food to go, which brings up the second issue.  All of the food is really good, with exception to the Fisherman's linguine or Cioppino, which ever they are calling the dish.  When I ordered the Fisherman's linguine it was described to be completely different from the Cioppino.  I ordered the Fisherman's linguine.  When I got the order home I found they had given me Cioppino, it was written on the box.  I called to have the order corrected only the be told it was the same dish.  So they refused to fix their error and then hung up on me.  Whatever you do do NOT order this dish.  It's disgusting.  Order something else, anything else.  The rest of their food is amazing, but just remember if you see a 40 something blonde waitress order your food to go.  You'll thank me for it.  She is a complete bitch.
5	Tried this place for the first time a few weeks ago and have been back weekly ever since. The food here is excellent. I have had the vodka pasta, chicken parmesan, a couple of their sandwiches, and the tiramisu. I have dined in and ordered for pick up. Nice place tucked into the Smith's shopping center in Southern Highlands. If you're looking for authentic Italian fare then check this place out to satisfy your cravings.
5	Amazing! Came here with some out of town guests and all of us were so impressed with the quality of the food. Prices were very reasonable and staff was helpful. Very clean. Kid friendly. The antipasto plate was very generous and you can pick your three meats and two cheeses (or the chef can pick for you). Daily specials to choose from and a nice variety on the menu.
4	What a great little spot. I'm not a huge fan of Italian, however places like this make me love it!I ordered the Chicken Alfredo. The noodles were prepared perfectly...you could tell they were fresh. The sauce was rich and buttery, very good.  The chicken was a little disappointing...tough. Not thinking this was because of the way it was cooked, but rather they maybe started with a lower quality chicken breast.Fix that and I'd go 5 stars on this place! Not a fan of the chairs, but that might just be me. I recommend trying the place.
3	Food was amazing loved the chef. The tall man at the counter with dark hair was a real hoot and made me laugh my entire visit. However the blond waitress with the bad breast implants was a complete train wreck. In the short time I was there she swore at her coworkers and yelled at her boss. I'd go back for the food any day of the week, as long as it was a day she wasn't working. The business has a lot of potential but I don't know what the owner is thinking keeping that rude bimbo around.
5	Wow! What great Italian food! The only downside is the dining area needs to be larger so the tables can be larger to fit all the yummy food! I will definitely be back!
4	I frequent rise and shine on a regular basis so I decided to try this out for dinner one evening. Really good pasta dishes my family and I tried the lasagna, fettuccini Alfredo, spaghetti and meatball and I will have to say none disappointed us. The portions are a little small for the prices but the food was good and so was the customer service. Check it out if you live in southern highlands.
5	This place is a gem. The food is amazing and ingredients are fresh. The CALABRESE sandwich is the bomb. Provolone, Capocollo, Soppressata, Banana Peppers, Lettece, Tomatoes, and onion. Thank me later.
4	First, to address the negative comments about the female server: people have bad days and some can't handle stress as well as others. At times she seemed distracted, but she has little help with a full dining room. To add to this: most regulars seemed to expect her to drop everything and help them. Be patient, people...and lighten up! She knew all of the regulars and knew what they ordered in the past. That's not easy to keep track of! She was awesome with our 3 year old, knew the menu and was able to make awesome suggestions for us. BONUS.The food was amazing. We had the antipasto plate...the meats were incredible and I'm a prosciutto SNOB! We also ordered entrees (5 of us total)...there were NO complaints. There was enough food for each of us to take home and enjoy again for lunch the next day. If you are a gnocchi fan, I highly recommend it! I had it with pink vodka sauce and it was de-lish. The thing I really didn't like about this place was the marks the chair left on my legs. The seating is not comfy - it is more for deli-seating...in and out. If you want to relax and have a drink with dinner, you may want to take the food to go. If they had different chairs, non-wicker type, 5 stars for sure. This is a 5-star to go place!!
5	They give you a lot for a very good price. Its not like the bad italian food from Olive Garden its the legit kind of italian food like authentic food
5	This place us a hidden gem! The owners are Italians so they-know-spaghetti! Their portions are great, and their taste us superb. The selection in cured meats and cheeses is very authentic and the atmosphere is very easy. If you want to have an Italian dish without the hassle of an expensive place or the repetitiveness if a franchise, this us the place! You will never go wrong. Per un'autentica esperienza!
2	We've been to this place twice and both times we though the food tasted excellent and we like the small atmosphere.  The 2nd time my wife ordered the linguini with clams and mussels.  This was the only thing she ate all day.  About an hour and a half later her stomach was in so much pain.  After trying to tough it out all night she wound up in the E.R. at 3 am with food poisoning and has been laid up in bed for 3 days already and I've had to call out of work for 3 days to care for our baby since she can't.  I personally like the place but i'd probably avoid the seafood at all costs and sad to say that I probably will never go back, overall with lost wages and E.R. bills an inexpensive meal came out to be a really expensive one.  Disappointed to say the least.
4	Very good Italian joint.  When I first walked in I was taken-a-back by the minimalist design and small size.  I am glad we decided to sit down and give it a try.  Everything we tried was fantastic!  I had the meatballs and chicken parmigiana.  The portions are huge!  I will absolutely be back!
3	I stopped by on my lunch break to try it out. I had the Hang em High sandwich with chips and drink, it came out to about $13. Its a little on the expensive side, but I can understand that since you can tell they use really high quality ingredients as well as the fact that they're big enough to share. And just a warning, don't order that particular sandwich unless you really like gorgonzola cheese, they spread a very generous amount on. The staff was very friendly, and over all it is a really nice little spot. I will definitely return to try other items.
5	as good as it gets.....this is one fine dining experience (sans ambience)....do yourself a favor when eating in LV....if you like Italian, you will love this place
5	My boyfriend and I have been trying all the restaurants in this Southern Highlands plaza since we live right around the corner and let me tell you, this place along with the others we've tried did not disappoint! The place itself is small and had simple, deli shop style seating. My boyfriend had a craving for some carbonara and I ordered the shrimp fettuccine. All the ingredients are very fresh, unlike many of those chain italian restaurants,  and the portions are big! We also ordered the caprese appetizer and it was soooo good. Make sure you order some canolis for dessert too! Glad to find an authentic italian spot near by, coming back soon to try some of their sandwiches!
5	We discovered this place on Yelp. It's in a shopping center and you'd easily pass it by. It's family owned and operated and its pretty surprising to see some much TLC going into food in a strip mall. My wife was very happy to get the a sample of veggie lasagne, even though they were out. We ended up coming back again before we left. The staff is hilarious too. What a fun and delicious place.
4	Had a craving for some Italian pasta and found this place on Yelp. A small place, clean and decent service. The seafood pasta really hit the spot "excellent" !   Plate was eaten so fast so I forgot to take a pic, next time for sure. Recommend
5	WOW!Best Italian I've had in Las Vegas. Hand made fresh pasta, great sauces!Super daily specials!  Doesn't get any better than this. The chef maintains a great menu with lots of choices. In addition, they have an Italian deli with high quality items imported directly from Italy.
5	I love this place ... The Pasta is Great!!! One of the best I ever had... Is a small restaurants but huge plates...
2	Was excited based on the reviews, but was nothing to write home about! The menu had a lot of choices but we went with a couple of classics to gauge it. We ordered a Caesar salad and spaghetti and meatballs. The Caesar was was more like Caesar soup. Soaked in dressing neither of us are more than a couple of bites. The spaghetti with meat sauce and a meatball was comparable to if you went next door to Smith's and bought a box of pasta and some ragu and throw in a microwaveable meatball. Trust me on this one you are better off just doing that. The server came out and dropped off out meal while yelling at another employee on the phone to get back here because so and so was messing all the orders up and it was busy. Maybe that's why it was not very good. After those two dishes did not stay for the tiramisu as everyone suggested. Went next door to the cupcake place and enjoyed one of their cupcakes instead!If you enjoy Italian whatsoever....do yourself a favor and skip it! For those of you who say it's the best Italian in Vegas I recommend you try Montesanos instead.
5	This place is a gem.  In a town where the best chefs come to open their premier restaurants, there exists this small cafe-type italian place in southern highlands.The best lasagna I've ever had.  World class tiramisu that you can buy packaged to go from their fridge.  And they even have a good wine selection...
5	Prosciutto and mozzarella sandwhich is absolutely amazing defiantly recline  that to anyone ! , this place really didn't catch my eye but now this is my goto spot for a good sub ! I love that they deliver! And everyone is really nice who works there .
5	One of the best places in town to get a meatball sandwich. The place has a cool decor with all Sergio Leone movie posters and the staff is real friendly to everyone that walks in. I always like to support local businesses especially when it comes to good food. Check it out!
4	This small family run restaurant is such a welcome addition to southern highlands which is so lacking in good eats. If you are looking for authentic Italian meats and cheeses you need to try this! I have not eaten in yet but have done takeout many times and delivery also. (They always say 30 to 45 mins and are here in about 15!) so far I've tried the cioppino ( my fav dish) it's excellent with lots of fresh shellfish, shrimp, crab legs and fish. The 12 dollar antipasto misto is awesome! You can pick 3 meats and 2 cheeses or let the chef put it together. It comes with olives, sundries tomatoes, artichokes, roasted peppers and some greens ..( ask for some of their amazing balsamic glaze on the side. ) iced tried several different pastas with meatballs and meat sauce too. Pastas were cooked perfectly al dente and reheated well too.  Meatballs were perfect texture and flavourful. I also love their caprese salad. The fresh mozzarella is some of the best I've had! They also have my fav dessert ever which is tiramisu and theirs is awesome great cocoa and coffee flavors and so light and creamy. I would rate this a solid 4/12 stats but they need a few improvements.. The seats in the restaurant are very uncomfortable even for the short time while I waited for my takeout. Plus they could improve their takeout containers .. The boxes are okay for drier items but for my cioppino it seeps through a little and I live less than 5 mins away. All in all please try this place and support our local family run restaurants!
1	Worst meal ever. Ordered a lasagna, a angus burger in chiabatta bread.   After waiting waiting for 45 minutes while all the to go orders were taken care off before my meal, We finally got our meal.  My lasagna was COOL, parts were even a little frozen, unbelievable !!!!   They were out if chiabatta bread and served the frozen patty hamburger on a hoagie bum.  Do not eat here if you are expecting fresh, recently made food. !!
5	We were planning to have a very late breakfast at Rise and Shine almost next door, but it was very busy with a long wait.  We were hungry and everyone said okay to trying Italian food instead.  Our table had:Pasta with an alfredo and vegetablesManicottiItalian sandwichcan't remember the 4th dish.Let's just say that the Manicotti was wonderful.  Hand made pasta and the cheese/spinach stuffing was great with their meat sauce.The Italian sandwich was just what we had been looking for around town.  Everywhere we went we were  disappointed, but here it is fabulous.  The flavor explodes in your mouth.  We will be back even though it is not close to our home.  A 20 minute drive.The alfredo pasta with vegetables was also given a high thumbs up from my friend.  We all ate our leftovers that night because they were so good.  Yey :)
5	Really good subs. The meat is imported and you can tell the quality of food. The people are friendly especially the older Italian guy. I highly recommend this place for lunch. I haven't eaten dinner there but the pasta dishes look amazing.
1	I've been coming her since they opened. 6 times in total I've eaten here and each time I come I swear to myself I'll never return. The food is great, even though I've seen the old Italian chef mishandle chicken. He handled raw breasts with no gloves then touched pot handles and bread. A severe health code violation. Anyway...they are 6/6 for getting my order wrong....totally wrong. If it's not the people at the counter writing it down incorrectly, it's being made wrong or even me being charged incorrectly.
5	This little deli/restaurant is awesome! I'm so glad we found this by looking on Yelp! Everyone inside is nice and the guys have a great thick Italian accent. My wife loves the prosciutto so I usually get some sliced to take home. The meatball sandwich is delicious and they even give you a little side of extra marinara sauce (at least with to go orders). The tiramisu is amazing from what my wife says. I'll continue to go back whenever I can.
3	Eh. Average. Bad service. I had the meatball sub and it left something to be desired...probably won't go back....there are too many places with similar food to waste my money on mediocrity.
5	Amazing selection. Completely authentic. Everything is super delicious and made to order. We get an immense amount of take out every time. Hence why I'm not skinny. But I'm happy. Seriously. Try this place Family run!
5	I love it here!! They spaghetti and meatballs is my absolute favorite...  Also the bolognese, the meat and cheese platter, the sandwiches, the tiramisu...  I have been her numerous times and everything that I have ordered has been delicious!
4	I love this place. The pasta speck is my favorite. Their new white chocolate profiteroles are great. They are fast and deliver in Mountains Edge. We order from them about once a month. We have never eaten in the restaurant and can only attest go the awesome food and homemade deserts.
5	Love this little hidden NY style deli and restaurant ;) great food and cured meats with house made cheeses. There Cannoli's are one the best I have ever had. FYI they also deliver ;). I usually order the meat ball app with a chicken Caesar and there house special, which changes daily ;).
4	Stopped in last night to check out the new neighborhood eats.Before going in, we totally expected this to be a very American spaghetti spot that the kids would love and were hoping for a free pass on cooking dinner once a month.  Sufficed to say, this isn't that place.  Not that the little ones didn't enjoy the spaghetti and meatballs, but the food quality is nothing like what you'd get at the major US chains.  This place is authentic and delicious!The adults ordered fish entrees; Salmon Pink Vodka Linguini and Cod Fra Diavolo.  I'll start by saying, the fish in both dishes was amazing!  The salmon was moist and firm and the vodka sauce was creamy and delicious.  The cod in my dish was perfectly cooked!  Light and flaky in a very rich spicy diavolo sauce.  Not as spicy as some I've had, but very garlicy and rich!The portion sizes are huge, as would be expected at any real Italian establishment.  Our waitress brought the dishes out, and immediately brought to-go containers and set them on the side for us.  I'm no quitter, so I finished my plate and went into pasta coma later on the sofa, but the other 2 dishes were barely noticeably dented before packing up for leftovers tonight (yay...no cooking 2 nights in a row!). One of the most impressive things we notice and loved is that every order that is placed gets personally prepared in view of the customers.  We watched as the ladies behind the counter carefully prepared each dish and served them up.  No mass production here!If there was any criticism at all, I have to say that the patio furniture type chairs were somewhat uncomfortable.  When eating pasta, I tend to almost stick my face in the dish to mitigate twirling pasta sauce projectiles from reaching my shirt, which is almost inevitable. We also considered hosting a kids b-day part here, but the tiny quaint space is pretty limited.  Very intimate for small groups and conversation.  Maybe more suited for a date night with a couple glasses of wine.Overall a nice place and delicious food!  Definitely will be back to try some other dishes.
4	Spaghetty Western has delicious Italian food. I've dined there 3 times & have been happy every time. I love their gnocchi with vodka sauce & their chicken parm is delish as well! Their house & caprese salads are both great!  They have a nice wine selection & gelato for dessert. I will dine there again & would recommend them for a casual dining experience if you appreciate fresh ingredients & authentic Italian cuisine.
5	The food here is made to order, nothing comes out of a jar. It's fresh, real ingredients and overall amazing food in a casual atmosphere. Highly recommend for a low key date night with some wonderful quality dishes!
4	Any time I meet my OG for dinner it's always great fun, even better when he's treating me to celebrate my birthday! We were debating where to eat and he randomly mentioned spaghetti western in another context not realizing it was the name of a restaurant in town. We took that as a sign from the food gods that it was time for pasta.The restaurant is very small, good for takeout and they have a very small dining room where we took a seat and perused the menu. I ordered the pappardelle and my friend ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. The pasta was perfectly cooked and al dente. The flavors were balanced and I enjoyed every bite of my dish. We both scraped our plates clean.If Spaghetty Western was anywhere near where I live I would be there regularly. Despite the distance, I will be back!
1	FOOD POISONING!!! - My first time ordering from this restaurant was on a very lazy and  hungry day where I wanted food delivered to me.  This showed up on Yelp for delivery services. Took a peek at some pictures and decided to order the Chicken Parmesan with pasta and the Linguini Fisherman. The gentleman who took my order had decent customer service and the food was delivered to my house within 30 mins. After tasting both dishes, I honestly thought what I ordered was just ok. Didn't hit the spot but it helped the empty stomach I had and probably would of kept me full for the rest of the day. A couple of hours later my stomach started cramping severely and out came the vomit and well.. everything else that comes with the territory. This was the first time in my life where I've EVER had this happen to me. My GF came helping me after her finding me in fetal position on my bathroom floor. I didn't know wether if I should of went to the hospital or if I should just ride it out. I decided to ride it out and save myself from unwanted expensive hospital bills. I pretty much was stuck in my bathroom the remaining night. I would NEVER write a bad review unless it was necessary. This is a SERIOUS incident that left me crying and in A LOT of pain.I wanted to see if anyone had the same incident to help me decide wether I should say anything about the food. So I started going through the reviews and saw that there were a few who have WITNESSED many health code violations in person. There was one review stating where the cook touched raw chicken and continued to touch pots and pans. Another incident where they saw the cook running his fingers through his hair numerous times and then touched bread with his bare hands. One where a cook stuck his fingers in his mouth to grab food from his teeth and Whattada know.. One review where the SAME dish was ordered and left a woman in the emergency room for FOOD POISONING! Is this the same cook or are all of them unsanitary?!!The fact that these people have seen these things in person doesn't surprise me that whoever prepared my meal would be completely careless and unsanitary to food that are being delivered to homes (people) away from eyes witnessing it first hand. I WILL NEVER SUGGEST NOR COME BACK TO THIS PLACE EVER AGAIN. And I truly feel sad that this is located in a nice area like Southern Highlands. Major disappointment.Please be careful if you eat here. You never know what else goes on in the kitchen and if you could be the next person to go through this.
5	This is my third time here, and I must say they have a delicious Antipasto salad. The meats and cheeses are imported. Yelp insists I write more bit my food is here already, so thanks for taking the time to read this.
5	The mission was nearly impossible.  An affordable meal place that could please our small group of 7 or 8.  I looked and looked on Yelp for what seemed like hours.  Everything "good" was focused in the touristy areas.  And everything affordable was housed in buildings owned by chains.  But finally after messing with the maps and settings and filters on my iPhone app.  I finally found a place.Spaghetty Western is a deli style Italian Restaurant.  It's got the deli counter and some four tops inside.  Imagine a small strip mall space.  It's not a fancy fine dining experience, but at no time did we have service that was anything less than high quality.I had intended to write this review right away, but it's been a few months since we were in there.  So now many of the details have faded too much for me to fine tune my review down to dishes and the quality of food.  I apologize for this being a review that isn't up to my usual standards.  But I will toss out a few notes that I do remember.veal saltimbocca was really good.Friendly and helpful!I think I double tipped.  Service added then I tipped 20% again!  And I honestly didn't care..the experience was well worth it!If I am in Vegas, I would go here before spending hundreds anywhere else.
5	I have eaten here a few times now and it's been great every time. Last night I had the most amazing butternut squash ravioli. It was delicious and has this cheesy broiled topping that really made it special. The cannoli was also great. I love this place. Great for take out. Fyi there is $5 off$25 on the back of Smiths receipt from same shopping center.
5	Not knowing much in the area we stopped into Spaghetty Western. Always a great sign when people are there enjoying the food even at off hours in the day. The Spaghetti, Chicken Parm, Meatball Sando, and Butter Nut Squash ravioli were all amazingly good. Service was great and very helpful getting through their robust menu.
5	The staff is very friendly and the food has always been wonderful.  It is a welcomed addition to the Southern Highlands neighborhood.
5	Just wonderful! Service was friendly, fast and pleasant. Food was top notch! We ordered chicken piccata , lobster ravioli and shrimp Alfredo. The piccata was excellent ! Just the right amount of acid and very flavorful. The lobster ravioli was sooooo good! You can see the real lumps of lobster in the ravioli. The pink sauce that comes with it was great also. Shrimp Alfredo was creamy, not heavy and cooked to perfection.  I will be a repeat customer!
5	Affordable.  The best Italian in Las Vegas.  Truly authentic, can't say enough.
4	I came in and talked to the owner a bit before ordering food. He suggested the special which was on point. Afterwards, him and I talked some more and he told me he initially tried to cook authentic Italian food but people didn't like it so he switched his recipes to resemble something in-between American Italian and authentic Italian. His special he cooked more like authentic Italian which was why he suggested it to me. Yeah, spot on. American Italian is terrible. Terrible. It's so hard to find an authentic Italian restaurant in the States so when you do, you should definitely order that all the time over the American, and if you prefer the American Italian style, you need to really work on your taste buds because authentic Italian food is awesome. So I got a long really well with the owner and when you come in to order, tell him to cook it authentic Italian.
1	My last review was great but unfortunately this one isn't. My grandson wanted to go here for his 18th birthday for their whole Maine lobster so I called them to see if they were going to have the lobster on that day. I was told "we can have it anytime as long as you let me know ahead of time". So great, I told him we'll be there in two days. When we did go we ordered the lobster and the waiter said we don't have lobster tonight so I said please ask the chef because I was assured we would have the lobster. He returned and said no I'm sorry we don't have any. Ok so let's move on. Grandson got veal Parmesan, husband got meatball sub and I ordered chicken Marsala. Veal was really good meatball sub was so so. Sauce was not on sub was on the side and meat balls was just ok. I asked for linguini with my chicken Marsala and I got angel hair. Sent it back and came back with linguini but I asked where's the Marsala sauce? I was told that's how we make it. Two small pieces fried chicken, no sauce. This was an unfortunate 18th birthday.
4	If you're in the area and craving a good Italian spot, this place is good choice!  Decided to try their daily special, had their Penne Diablo.  Usually they make it with sausage but I had them change it out for chicken...delicious!  The peppercinis, salami, pepperoni, sun dried tomatoes, and chicken with the penne was super tasty.  Add some pepper flakes and it's even better. The pasta was made al dente, just right.Service is great, our server was very attentive and kept the drinks filled and very friendly.  Definitely will come back when I'm around this side of town.
5	Excellent pastas, salads, sandwiches, and dessert. The only think missing is a little ambiance. I'll sacrifice that for the flavor, well worth it. Great as a carry-out establishment.
1	Not impressed with this restaurant at all.  Ordered chicken fettucine Alfredo.   Tasted like something I would make at home...like it was out of a box.  Fortunately with a lot of extra Parmesan cheese it was edible.  Their menu boasted they they were better than other "chain" Italian restaurants...however this place made Olive Garden look like a five Michelin star restaurant.  First and last visit.  Went to McDonalds afterward.
1	Food is overpriced and not very good. Atmosphere is cafeteria like.  The salad and wine were down right horrible. The garlic bread was bland and tasteless. The waitstaff was rude and unfriendly. The cook was chewing gum while cooking and prepping food. We will never go here again. On a positive note, the food was served quickly.
4	I was pleasantly surprised at the size of portion and quality of food for such an affordable price. The customer service was great. It took a little long for food to come out but worth the wait.
5	If you haven't been go! Dine in with Alex and his fantastic customer service while sipping a glass of wine, take out, they even deliver!!!The Calabrese sandwich is a must try, the caprese northern is very fresh and generous in size. The absolute best homemade tiramisu iv had! Once we started going we haven't stopped, ordering our trying new things each time!
5	The fresh authentic Italian ingredients transformed the traditional dishes into a Party in my Mouth!!! We are a family of 4 and each separate dish was the best Italian meals we've had. The Hostess recommendation and service was perfect..
5	This place so authentic Italian, I feellike my grandmother is cooking in the kitchen.  We eat here regularlyAnd send all our friends and family
4	Food is good, atmosphere is non existent and the chairs are really uncomfortable.  Better to take out than to eat in.
