3	So we're cruising back into the Valley of the Sun from a week long archaeology dig out in Prescott, where it was apenuts freezing but we still somehow managed to be sweaty and dirty. (I think changing a tire in the middle of B.F.E. was responsible for that. Lug nuts don't turn too well when your fingers refuse to follow your brain's orders because the wind chill's enough to make a grown man cry...and then freeze those futile tears to his cheeks.)So we were super psyched at the prospect of sleeping in our own beds and enjoying positively balmy 50 degree weather. And what better way is there to celebrate than with a quick stop for a piece of pie?Rock Springs Cafe off the I-17 is just what the sweet tooth ordered. Just don't depend on them to satisfy much else.The good thing is that road weary folks fit right in among the multitude of families that frequent the place. I mean, it's out in the middle of pretty much nowhere (Black Canyon City region) so truckers and kiddos are forced to coincide in harmony. And man was that place crawling with kids. Not my cuppa, but the Wild West General Store and Saloon environment with antiques covering the walls is certainly the kind of place where kids will have a ball, so consider stretching your legs here if you're on a road trip with the little ones.Well, provided you can get a seat to begin with. The wait staff consists of small town folks that really seem to dislike their jobs. They're either 60+ or 16. We waited a good ten minutes or so to be seated because all the waiters and waitresses only had eyes for their current customers, and the hostess had apparently taken an extended smoke break. Unfortunately, once we were seated we realized that while the waitress did only have eyes for her customers, they were evil, evil eyes. She was a crotchety old granny figure that looked disapprovingly upon every decision we made. The food was pretty sucky. We ordered the fish sandwich, tuna melt and open face hot roast beef and came to the general consensus that yeah, it's edible. Not ten bucks an entree worth of edible, but it's too late to rectify that now. The fish had to be a freeze dried puck that was fried double its cooking time. The gravy for the beef had to be reconstituted from powder, naturally to accompany the mound of what used to be potato flakes. The tuna melt was flavorless and the fries were probably freezer burnt. It was a food-like product, probably reflecting the fact that it was out in the middle of BFE and they subsisted off a biweekly frozen food shipment.But the pie! Jack Daniel's Pecan, Tennessee Whiskey Lemon, and you're good. Maybe a rhubarb if you're feeling frisky. The rest of the fillings taste like any grocery store brand.
4	We often stop here on our way north, so our review is based on breakfast.Wonderful breakfast, large servings and great flavor are the reasons we keep stopping here. The staff is normally very friendly and keep the coffee coming.  Word to the wise... they serve PLATE SIZE pancakes (not all of them are, but just FYI) so keep that in mind!Oh, they are "famous" for their pies... but I haven't had the pleasure to sample them in the AM so far.
4	I've been here several times before, and Friday was no exception.  Its in Black Canyon City, one of the first places you hit once you leave Maricopa County.  Its a cute little place, with all kinds of little knick knacks to shop for.  I didn't buy anything while I was here, but it is a cute stop for little stuff.  Its also attached to a cool resturant too!
4	It's all about the chicken fried steak- for breakfast, of course, because that is the only meal for chicken fried steak, and this is most definitely the best chicken fried steak in Arizona. Period. Forget Texaz Grill- that place sucks in comparison. Being a bonafide Okie with a serious white trash pedigree, I know good fried trashy food when I eats it. Oh and the crotchety 'Flo' like waitresses are a big bonus.
5	Okay...... they have pie, and that's all I can remember. Wow....... what Pie!I ordering coffee..........and it gets a little fuzzy from there on??When I came to, before me were two empty pie plates, there may have been more which were removed, I don't know.The taste of coconut cream lingered on my lips and peach with crumb topping was on my breath..........I only know it was really good, but I think I'll need an intervention, I can't make up enough excuses to drive to Phoenix everyday...... someone is bound to notice.
4	I am going to stop here everytime I drive by it now.  We went for dinner but didn't eat much- I just got a side salad because the real reason we came is for the pie!!  I overheard our waitress telling another table they were almost out of pie.  This was before we even got our dinners.  I called her over and she confired.  The had one piece of chocolate cream, one piece of lemon meringue and one piece of banana cream.  I ordered all three pieces.  OH.  MY.  GOSH.  It was the best pie I ever tasted in my life.  I was with my husband and our three kids.  None of us could decide which piece was the best.  They were all that darn good.  YUMMY!!
4	On the way to the cooler parts of Arizona (Prescott/Flagstaff) you have to be sure you are driving through this part of your trip around lunch time, because a stop at the Rock Springs Cafe is a must. Pulling off the highway in what looks to be the middle of nowhere, is this rickety looking cafe and 'gift shop' with an even quirkier looking 'farmers market' attached. Skip that and head straight into the cafe! The sandwiches are pretty good...I usually get the wild turkey that comes grilled on sourdough with bacon and tomato...yum! The burgers are pretty good too. Yesterday when we stopped (Thurs at noonish) the place was already full but the manager found us a table by rearranging the room a little. Nice! But the BEST part of this place is definitely the pie. If you were raised on Marie Calendar, you may not enjoy it quite as much as those of us raised on our Grandma's homemade pies because that is what these taste like. They may not always be 'picture perfect' but that sure taste fabulous! I had the crumb peach...oh man fresh peaches hand sliced. My husband had their famous Jack Daniels Pecan...also a keeper. Ya gotta go....just for the pie. And of course you can buy whole ones to go.
5	This score is for the pie.  I have never exchanged cash money for anything else here, and don't ever plan on it.  Why spoil a perfect relationship?If you're ever on your way to/from the Great, Frosty North from the Valley, and you want to become everyone's favorite attendee of a pot luck in your near future, purchase any of the pies at this wonderful pie-ery.
5	I felt like agent Cooper in Twin Peaks as I sat down to sample several slices of pie in one sitting.  I'm twitching as I write this... drooling over the memory of each slice and how amazingly good it tasted.  The blueberry crumb, the peach, the Jack Daniel's pecan.  I left with a whole apple crumb, which later on became 1/3 of an apple crumb pie before nights end.  As their website states, worth the drive from anywhere.... it is.
4	Rock springs was our first stop on the Guys only annual Xmas shopping extravaganza. Except this year this is no shopping. We stopped in to get breakfast before the big drive to Cleator and Crown King. The place was busy but able to get a seat right away. The waitress was great and the food perfect. I had the eggs and corn beef hash. We talked the staff into singing for a buddy birthday and they did a great job! On to Cleator!
4	We met up with some old chums for breakfast at this roadside cafe.  I opted for the chicken fried steak, eggs over easy and blueberry pancakes.  The food was better than average and the portion was adequate.  We also took home an apple pie with a crumb topping, fantastic!
4	As many others, I have heard the reputation of this establishment for many years. So, after passing by many, many times, the wife and I finally decided to drop in for lunch. Arrived right at noon. Sign said seat yourself, so we did, at one of the handful of available tables. There was a group of real-looking cowboys and girls at a nearby table. One guy looked exactly like one of those stuffed cowboys they place out front of stores. We were quickly greeted by a hostess who gave us menus and brought our drinks. Shortly thereafter a waitress took our order and we soon had our meal before us. We just split a burger and fries. They actually brought them on separate plates! That was very nice. Other meals we saw brought out were a giant taco salad, and a huge Mexican Pizza. Those are definitely enough for two or more people. Our Burger and fries were very good. While eating our meal, a film crew from TLC was filming. Have to watch The Learning channel to see if they do a spot on this place! We'll definitely go back.
3	If you're not going to eat pie here, there's no point in going. You can get a better lunch somewhere else. But the pie, oh the pie, is delicious. I had a grilled cheese sammie, and while it wasn't anything special, it certainly wasn't bad, and hit the spot after a morning of mountain biking. The other lunches in my party were similar - just ok. The service was a bit slow, but friendly. It's a good thing that pie comes at the end of the meal, so that you leave on a good note. It's a fun restaurant.
5	One evening on the way back from Sedona I stopped here for some pie and a coffee.  It was about 50min before closing but followed a few other last minute "pie-goers" in the door.  Cute and cozy old western interior.  Cracker Barrel-esque, warm and inviting.  I spot on the menu RHUBARB CRUB PIE!!! I can't believe my eyes!!!!  My grandmother would always get rhubarb pie from a local farmers market.  I have been on a search for good rhubarb for a long time.  Let me tell you it was LOVE AT FIRST BITE!!!!  Their pie crust is out of this world!!!  The crumb topping, TO DIE FOR!!!   I have had my fair share of pie and this TAKES THE CAKE!  Here is the pie list:-Apple -Apple Crumb-Banana Cream-Blackberry-Blueberry-Blueberry Crumb-Cherry-Cherry Crumb-Chocolate Cream-Coconut CreamJack Daniels Pecan -Lemon Meringue -Mixed Berry Crumb-Peach-Peach Crumb-Pecan-Pumpkin -Rhubarb -Rhubarb Crumb-Tennessee Lemon PieThey have coolers filled with whole pies and slices to go.  Well worth the trip and you will be coming back for more!
1	So, we were on our way home today from our trip to Sedona. Every time we pass by this place I suggest we stop. I read the reviews today on my trusted blackberry and we decided to give it a try.They were not kidding about the food there. It was awful!!! The service in the bar area was horrible. The waitress didn't want to work and was irritated when we asked if she was going to take our order.The food took forever, thus our Philly cheese steak and fries were cold. The caeser salad arrived with minimal, I mean minimal dressing. When we asked for more dressing, the waitress said "we are out of that". I questioned how they could send a caesar salad out of the kitchen when they knew that they were out of dressing. This made absolutely no sense to me. NONE. There was no one working to complain to so we paid our $35.00 and left. Did I mention that I had sometime black in the bottom of my beer mug.I gave them 1 star, the pie was edible.
3	I am somewhat torn on my rating. But I guess I will give an explaination for it. That will come a little ltr.So a long day of hiking and rock hopping over creeks in Sedona I was famished.  Checked out best places in Sedona and Fork in the Road Bistro came up. Get there and it does not open until 4pm. So my friend suggested we just continue on toward Phoenix.  He says there is this place he has been wanting to go to in Black Canyon and it is always packed in the parking lot. We get there... finally.  I can hardly contain myself.  I am so hungry I can't stand it. I am very close to turning into Nikzilla, the evil hungry foodie.  Upon pulling up I can clearly see this is not a place I would frequent or pick to eat at.  But hey what the heck.We are seated in the cafe and it is dark and westerny...I know that is not a word but work with me.  We get the menu and it is a small menu.  Which makes me a bit more at ease being that if you only have a few items you must do them well.  My companion orders a ham and cheese melt with fries and I get the country fried steak.  The country fried steak had a little star next to it and I asked my elderly waitress what did it mean and it was a curt I don't know.  OK so you work here and don't know what the stars on a few select dishes mean.  Whatever. Our food comes quickly and there is coleslaw on my plate.  UGHHH I tell the waitress to please take it away and bring me something else.  She returns with peas straight from the can.  Wow it's school lunch all over again. AWWWW.  I am starving so anything would taste good at this point.  I have to say my meal was mediocre.  Nothing to write home about.  The steak was cooked nicely but lacked flavor.  The baked potato was right on and so was the Texas toast.  Now time for dessert.  It seems that the parking lot was full of people coming to get whole pies.  Our waitress comes back and we inquire about the pies.  We decide on pecan and she states they are out of regular pecan pie but have the Jack Daniels version.  My friends asks her about the taste and she is hilarious.  She says it is disgusting.  Well I appreciate the honesty and we order a slice of the apple crumb pie.  It is beyond delicious.  Flaky, cinnamon and the apples are just the right texture.  Yummy I order a whole pie to take home to the funny farm.  It was a very reasonable $14.95.  This pie must weigh 5lbs.  It is so heavy.  Just like Grandma use to make. Well the family was excited about the pie when I got home.  We added some vanilla ice cream and it was even better than at the Cafe.The food is nothing to holler about.  There are much better places in Sedona.  So I would suggest eating there if you can.  The food is not awful just not great.  The pies ohhh the pies are so worth the stop.
5	For some reason a trip skiing/snowboarding is not complete without pie halfway home. Between Tahoe and SF I stop at Ikeda's in Auburn. Between Mammoth and LA the stop is Schadt's in Bishop and Rock Springs Cafe fills the need between Flagstaff and Phoenix. The western vibe is cool---and bar looks nice. Moral of the story: drive up to the hill, and find a friend who can be DD for the ride home.
4	Random stop for gas, poddy break and eats.  Any place with "Pie" in the name sounds okay by me!The order:Chili & Corn BreadPotato SkinsRhubarb Crumb PieCherry Crumb PieAmple servings.  Nice, down home country service.  Old West (Original) decor.  Service - 5 starsEntrees - 3 starsPIE - 5 starsI would drive hundreds of miles, just to get that pie!  Go for the poddy, stay for the pie!
4	I thought I was just the uncool kid not in-the-know.. but I quickly scanned the reviews and didn't see anyone mention... Rock Spring's Cafe HOGS N HEAT!!!Every first Sat of the month, it's all you can eat BBQ at their outdoor patio (you can't see this HUGE patio / BBQ smoker area from the freeway)  with live music... bikers mixed w/ families and obviously those in the know.  Apparently they do it all year, hot or cold... but the weather is sooo awesome right now, I'm rating it 4 stars for only decent bbq but relaxing atmosphere and toe tappin' muzak.  I don't know if it's a regular thing, but there were $1 pie slices for charity.. .the peach crumb rocks!
5	On one of my first dates with my now fiance.. on the way to Flagstaff for hiking.. he stopped here at this roadside place.. I thought he needed a potty break! BUT he comes out with a bag.. and says, 'for you'.. some guys give chocolates, parfum and flowers.. My date gives me a pie! YES! The way to a foodies heart.. and waistline! But all in all.. I make the best apple pie.. but this pie is up there with mine! Since that time weve had 3 pies from here.. its a treat.. weve eaten in the cafe.. and its tops too..:-)
2	Ugh!  Ate there on Saturday, June 5th.  The waitress shift change was in process so we got to wait for about 15 minutes till they sorted that out and someone came for our order.  I had the pulled pork reuben which was fairly tasteless.  The pork was slow cooked but had virtually no flavor and was oily.  I poured on the hot sauce and finally got some flavor.  My date had the "Butter Infused Burger", which was your basic hamburger.  The burger was much smaller than the bun, so the first bite is pretty much bun.  Hope you like bread.  The fries were, well, fries.  The onion rings were nothing to write home about.  Everybody raves about the pies, but after that lunch I was in no mood to attempt a slice.
4	I'm only reviewing the pie. Get the pie. Love the pie. Forget Marie Calendar's get this pie. Do it now.Quick note: There is yellow & red house with the huge sign which says "PIE". There is no pie here. The Cafe & Bar building next door has the pie.
1	Stopped on the way to Payson.I was hoping for a good traditional down-home breakfast. What I got was denny's quality
4	Pie.  I love pie.  And I love their pie.  However, not all their pie.  The peach is blah.  The blueberry pie w/crumb topping is excellent, their rhubarb w/crumb topping is my favorite,  The meringue pies are great.  Haven't tried any of the creme pies........yet.   I only go for the pie.
4	Stopped here on the way home and got a blueberry crumble pie and some pecan sticky buns.  Love the pie.  Will try the sticky buns for breakfast but really it's bread, sugar and pecans so it's gotta be good.
3	I had wanted to come here for a while because I had heard how great the pies were but it was so far away from everywhere I normally travel that I didn't know when that would actually happen.  Then my parents came down from Oregon and wanted to go visit the Grand Canyon so we were able to stop here on the way back.I was only planning on going for the pie but we decided to get dinner as well.  We got fried chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy, chicken and biscuits and the chicken ceasar wrap.  If I could only use one word to describe everything it would probably be "meh".  It wasn't bad but it wasn't very good either.  I kind of rushed through eating in hopes that the pie would make it all worth it.The waitress came back and we asked her which pies were the best.  She said the apple crumb, the blueberry and the tennessee lemon.  We decied to take her advice on two of them, ordering the apple crumb and the blueberry and for the third choice we got the banana cream.  The apple had a pretty good flavor but it wasn't mind blowing like I was expecting.  The blueberry could have been a little bit sweeter.  The banana cream I actually liked quite a bit but again, I was expecting to have the best pie of my life and that just didn't happen.  It's not a place that I will be going out of my way to return to.
1	Our second visit to this fine establishment.  Quite different from the first.  I don't know if they changed owners or what, but service was nonexistent!  We arrived for lunch around 12:30.  At our last visit, there was someone to seat us and give us menus.  This time, we stood at the entrance to the dining room for five minutes, until some customers on their way out said "just sit anywhere, there's only one waitress in the whole darn place!"  We found a table, waited and observed for ten minutes, then walked out.  I believe there were actually three waitresses on duty, but God only knows what they were doing.  There were prepared dishes stacked under the warming lights of the kitchen.  Evidently no bussing help, cause dirty dishes were left behind on most of the tables.  A very disappointing visit to say the least!
5	If you live in Phoenix or nearby, do yourself a favor and take a short little jaunt to Rock Springs Cafe. It's worth it, trust me. You walk into this little general store, totally small town, everyone has probably worked there for their entire lives. You have (3) choices upon entry - go to the right and eat at their little cafe (get the pie... hell, get 3). You can go to the left and have a Rock Springs brew, play a game of Photo Hunt or listen to a local band on their little main stage. Or option three, the one I tend to choose... head straight to the "to-go" cooler and get yourself a pie to go. The Mixed Berry Crumble is our fave, but I'm sure they are all divine. Oh, and you better grab a ginger cookie or a snickerdoodle to go... I mean, you have a 45 minute drive home... you might get hungry :-)Enjoy - it's awesome.
4	One Pie sums up my four star experience and that is JD pecan pie! All other pecan pies out there pale in comparison to this pie of delicious, gooey, fantastical goodness. So, what makes the JD pecan different from other pecan pies? For one thing you know that bakers of the Rock Springs Cafe have perfected the crust BUT what make the pecan pie special is that after you swallow your first bite of the JD pecan, you actually get a subtle after-taste of the JD. Unlike rum cakes that can overpower your taste-buds with rum or the godiva chocolate liqueurs, the pie for the most part tastes like a wholesome and really good pecan pie but the aftertaste is the JD which makes it really good. The price you pay for pie goodness is a double treat, good pecan and yummy jd! Other than the JD (I've also had the blueberry crumble *heaven* and the cinnamon sticky bums that are GINORMOUS but sickeningly addicting coz of its buttered sweet goodness!) they have pies galore in refrigerated racks, and displays, and they're all readily available for purchase until closing til 9 or 10 pm. There are a few places that I'm willing to drive to here and around Phoenix irregardless of distance knowing that I'm always in for a treat because of what they offer, Rock Springs Cafe is that kind of place. The pies are worth the drive, and at $15.95 a pie, it's a good deal for good eats on any occasion. So i totally recommend this place, and if you're still contemplating on stopping by I suggest you do SOON!
4	Its a lot smaller than it looks on TV. Its an old place with a lot of history. It was a bar, a gift shop, and a restaurant. The waitress was friendly enough and the hamburger was good. But the reason you go there is for the pie and I think they lived up to the hype. Me and the girl kid split a rhubarb crumb and it was pretty darn good. My favorite pie place used to be on top of Mt. Lemmon, but I hear they closed. So now I guess this is my favorite place.
3	I took the drive up here with a friend. All he said was "Let's go get pie" and it turned into a mini road trip. He said that they have some of the best pies there and in my head I was thinking "I would hope so since it was like an hour drive to the place." Well we got there and went straight to pie cases and he got all sorts of fruit pies and a cinnamon bun, which was as big as my face. For the price of it, it had better be fan-freakin'-tastic and huge. He convinced me to get the JD pie since I occasionally like pecan pies. I got one and I must say, it was fairly good. The JD was not overpowering. I think the hint of JD cut the sweetness of the pie, a problem I find with other pies. I would come here again if my friend feels like another mini road trip up there. Maybe next time, I'll try out the food at the cafe and see how that goes as well as trying one of the other pies.
3	Stopped in after a long day of seeing the sites around Cottonwood.  Sat in the bar and there were 5 other people in the place.  Took quite a while to get served but that's how things are done here, at a pace that is convenient!  Prices were a bit high, food was great but it is a tourist trap and kinda funky at that.  Had the Pork Pull Reuben, fries, a beer and slice of cherry crumble pie, Total with tip was $23.90
5	This is THE place to stop when you are on your way from Phx to Sedona or Flagstaff! I found this place on Yelp and boy I'm glad I listened. Looks can be deceiving. When we pulled off the road and saw the place, My husband and kids were like uhhhhh.. where. are. you. taking. us? I said.. trust me you will love it! In the end, they thanked me the whole way to Sedona!The only slightly negative thing I have to say is when we were seated, the hostess took our drink order and gave us menus and then the waitress left us sitting there about 10 minutes too long. There were only 2 other tables so it's not like they were busy. That is when I realized that's how it works here. You are basically in the middle of  nowhere so get used to the country style service or you might be let down. Our waitress more than made up for letting us it there too long with her fun, personable attitude, no way could we be mad!The food was way better than we ever expected. I'm pretty sure angels were singing at one point. Hubby said the honey fried chicken was the best he EVER had. My daughter said it was the best chix sandwich ever. Tortilla soup, incredible.. perfect. Hubby had the potato soup and asked for another! I have never seen him do that.The pie as well, the best we ever had. JACK DANIELS Pecan.. seriously it was so good it made me angry! WHAT THE HELL do they do to that pie!!?? My daughter said the apple pie was heaven! Hubby said the cherry was the best yet.This will be a tradition on the route from the airport to northern Az from now on!
4	i'm basing this review on pie! stop and get some! the fruit crumble pies are the best.
5	Pecan pie and/or rhubarb pie.  Food of the gods.  Unfortunately, most places massacre these.  Not here.  This is a destination on the way to a destination.  Say Sedona or Jerome.  Anyway, not to be missed.  The pies, I mean. Grandma taught you well.
3	To my surprise this little country stop has veggie options! I ordered the veggie pizza sans cheese and my boyfriend ordered the honey chicken with fries. While waiting for our meals to arrive I meandered the adjoining store. Among the little nick-knacks is a seriously impressive desert case with many different pies, cakes, and crumbles. Sadly no vegan options here. As far as the food goes our entrees were decent but not memorable. We appreciated the snack on our way to the Wildlife Park!
3	This is an odd duckling in the middle of basically nowhere. It was shockingly crowded and I think it must be very well-known by locals (their sign says "World Famous Pies"). We had to wait about 20 minutes to get a table around 2 on a Sunday but there's a store so we sort of wandered around and inhaled the aroma of fresh-baked pies while looking at cowboy kitsch. The poor hostess seems nice but she is woefully incompetent and got flustered easily when more than one person was waiting in line to get their name on the list. She had a heck of a time finding people, couldn't keep people straight on the list, etc., but was very nice.That being said, I have to wonder about how this place seats people. The party behind us was a party of 5. They seated us at a table for 6 and there were only two of us but we came in before the party of 5 who was told they  might have to wait almost 45 minutes. Ok, that's fine. We were the youngest ones in the place by about 20 years which was a bit awkward. The young man who brought us our water was very nice. The waitress was not and was very brusk, impatient and uninterested. The food was pretty decent for a roadside joint. My husband had the pulled pork reuben which was really good in the first half, but average in the second. I think only half the ingredients made it onto the second half of the sandwich. I had their chicken and biscuits which is basically a deconstructed pot pie and was very good. Awful for me, but really, really good. The biscuits were flaky and fresh-tasting. We split a piece of their Jack Daniel's Pecan Pie and you could definitely taste the whiskey. It was very good and the piece was perfect to share. Price was decent. So food was pretty good but service was....lacking. It was a nice little stop overall on the way home from Sedona but I probably wouldn't stop again.
4	Rock Springs Cafe has a pie worth driving for. Believe the hype because it's true. When you walk into the store, you will immediately smell the baked goodness from the massive pies they have on display. They have everything from blueberry and raspberry to lemon meringue and of course the infamous Jack Daniel's pecan pie. Before I touch more on the pies, I'll describe the rest of the property. Rock Springs Cafe and General Store is adorable. The property houses a saloon (with $.99 PBR specials), a cafe, general store and a huge picnic area that hosts a variety of events throughout the month. I saw several picnic tables, a spot for live music, area for horseshoe tosses and more. This is definitely a spot to host a party or host out of town guests for a southwestern experience. Now moving on to the pies. Yes, the pies are as delicious as the other reviews claimed. I have tried the lemon meringue and JD pecan pies. Both are unique and both are delicious in their own way. The lemon meringue is topped with the egg whites that have been whipped to be as light as a feather. The meringue is tangy but not overpowering and I could probably consume and entire pie in one sitting. The Jack Daniel's pecan pie definitely has the JD twist, but in a subtle enough way. It adds the perfect kick to the pie and is a nice unique twist on the common pecan pie. Yes Rock Springs is about 40 miles outside of Phoenix, but it's worth the drive. It's on the way to Flagstaff and Prescott so you can either stop by on your way out of town, or you can take a drive solely for a pie! The only reason why I removed a star from Rock Springs Cafe is because of the price. $18 for a pie and $4 for a slice? As amazing as the pie was, I think that it's a little overpriced and it seems like they increase the prices because they know that once people have made it to them, they aren't leaving without a pie so they can charge them whatever they want. If they ever lowered the prices, I'd add a 5th star.
4	Don't come for the service...don't come for the ambiance or cleanliness...don't come for the other food. Come for the pie. Jack Daniel's Pecan is divine.  Lemon cream is outstanding. Rhubarb is top-notch. there's no other reason to stop here and if you're driving by you need to stop here.  It's all about the pie.
5	High on Pie! (For your pies only . . . ) We were shopping at the Anthem Outlets and decided to make the additional 13 mile trip north on I-17 to the Rock Springs Cafe to do some take-home pie! After reading the previous reviews, I couldn't make up my mind which pie to choose, so hubby and I initially made a pact on the trip there that we would get one or two pieces of each -- a tasting extravaganza, so to speak! Once we walked into the general store, my husband made a bee line to the Jack Daniels Pecan Pie and grabbed a whole one! Then, he said, "get whichever one you want." I thought he was joking, but he wasn't. I could not bare to bring home another whole pie (these are not your typical supermarket 8" or 9" pies), so I picked a slice of peach and a slice of blueberry. My hubby chose to get a piece of rhubarb crumble. After we had dinner, at home, and digested it, hubby cut himself a gigantic slice of the JD pecan. He oohed and aahed . . . then said, "this is the best pecan pie I've ever had . . . " I had a teeny bite of his, and then had to have my own small slice. It was heavenly . . . not as gooey sweet as regular pecan -- it must be because of the JD. Loved every bite. Then I had a "taste" of the blueberry -- OMG -- my most favorite blueberry pie -- even beats out the blueberry pies that were made at summer camp in Maine, when we actually picked the fresh blueberries of the bushes ourselves! I am eager to try the peach . . . as well as the pecan sticky buns. I have been told everything freezes well, and will last 4-5 days in the fridge. I'm sure I'll have more to say after my taste buds savor those goodies! Rock Springs Pies . . . worth the drive and the calories As a side note, the little farmer's market and store on its north side have an incredible array of specialty items, like flavored honeys and butters. The sweet potato butter is to die for!!!!
4	Funny this is under 'nightlife'... It's a cute general store :-) awesome pies... However they run out of the favs... And the pie lady's could be a bit more :-) .... Make sure you check in at a gym after consuming all the cals:/) def worth the splurge...& drive...
4	They have great hours... open til 9 on the weekdays i believe, and I'm sure even later on the weekends. We were able to end our day with a drive out there, and made it just before close. They did have a diner where you could eat, but passed. Although it was very quaint, the reviews on food were mediocre. But, people were raving about the pies. They still had a great selection,tons of pies to choose from, even though it was the end of the day. We bought a whole pie, which are a little pricey, but well worth it, for the 2 of us to share. It did not last long! Plus a sticky bun, and another one piece of pie (which is nice when you cant choose) We were so disappointed at the thought of not being able to bring some home for our friends and family to try- so it will be a top recommendation to anyone we know going to visit the phoenix area. Although you could get them shipped, the shipping is astronomical, but at least will give us something to look forward to when on vacation in Arizona. The gift shop was also fun to look around in, lots of nicknack's and touristy souvenirs. Cant wait to visit again!
3	After a drive back from Flagstaff we needed to stop for gas so I had heard about the best pies ever at Rock Springs Genral Store so kill two birds with one stone. I made a bee line to the bar I was thirsty I looked at the taps and to my suprise they have a beer made for them from Odell's brewery in Fort Collins, CO it was called Rock Springs Wheat ale It was really good. Well back to the pies we ended up getting a slice of the Jack Daniel's Pecan and Lemon Custard and a loaf of the blueberry crumb cake... Well it was all ok in my book but for sure a fun place to visit.
2	I've eaten here a few times and each time I ask myself why? It's like I have amnesia in between visits. The food is nothing spectacular and the service is pathetic. I understand it's a family business, but at least have the kids serve at a mainstream restaurant for a few months to learn what they should do, THEN come back and serve. Most seem to be walking around lost and even though they can see the entire place from any location, never seem to look at your table to realize you need something.I go there strictly for the pies, which I love. I just hope I read my own review at least before I try eating there again.
4	Divine pies, usually surly or indifferent service (Even for take out!).   I've tried a myriad of slices here, including the Tennessee lemon, Jack Daniel's pecan pie, lemon meringue, triple berry crumb, and cherry.  All have been delicious, from crust to filling.  The meringue and cream pies, when ordered whole, look beautiful, with high topped meringue peaks and perfectly sculpted rings of cream covering the filling.  They even have a special sugar-free apple crumb pie that has a bit of a hint of Splenda/fake sugar taste, but otherwise very good.We've eaten at the restaurant, and their regular menu is just OK, nothing to write home about.  Your standard typical American type fare of sandwiches, burgers, some home-style dinners, and a few fried selections.  Like I said before, unless you get one of the owners, you probably are going to be met with an indifferent stare once you enter the store/restaurant, at least that's been the case when I've been there.  It's worth it for the delicious pies though.
4	Update 2/18/2013...  Still a BIG fan of their brownies.  Either I missed the pre-packaged ones the past couple of times I stopped there or they just don't package 4 of them anymore.  Irregardless, they are still really good.  My favorite is still the chocolate brownie.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This was a place I've always passed driving up north from the desert floor of Phoenix to the mountains of Flagstaff.  It wasn't until someone had recommended it that I stopped by on my way home one recent trip.  Not only because of the recommendation but from the throngs of people waiting to get in could I tell that this was a popular stop.  There were plenty of pies to choose from.  All of them looked delicious.  On my first trip I happened to pick up some of the Turtle Brownies.  Not only were there four huge squares of them, they were moist, chewy, and very delicious.This will be one place that I now make sure to stop by on my way back home from the mountains.  The difficult part will be choosing which pie or pastry to get the next time.
4	The AZ Duuude's favorite pit stop on I-17. Stop for coffee and say HI.,
4	Always a fun place to visit. Such friendly people and good food. And I know I can always find the AZ Duuude there every morning for breakfast.
4	I agree with the other reviewers, this place is pretty darn cute.  But the food is hit or miss.  Neither my husband or I liked the chilli.  I had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and it was delicious.  I got onion rings instead of the coleslaw and they were tasty but a couple of pieces were a bit soggy.  The root beer on draft was cool.  I also liked the detailed descriptions and drawings of the local cattle brands on the place mats.The best part of the cafe was the attached shop.  Many unusual items and lots of cool stuff to look at.  The bakery items all looked delicious.  We got a piece of the Tennessee Lemon pie which was very unusual.  We also got some scones to go and those were a big hit at breakfast the next morning.So, why four stars if the food was just A-OK?  Well, like I said, its just so darn cute.  There's not much else around there so everyone in the cafe is either a small town local or en route to somewhere else.  There was lots of activity but it still somehow felt like they were running at a slower pace than the rest of the world.  Its just such a unique spot, you really have to see it for yourself.
1	We have been stopping at this restaurant for many years on our way north out of the valley and have enjoyed the food and service but, in the last couple of years we have been very disappointing in the service and the food.The past three times we have been in the waitresses didn't smile, they were curt, the food was just mediocre and we had to ask to get refills on drinks. Last week when we were there I went into the restroom and a waitress came in behind me, she used the restroom and did not wash her hands before walking out the door, and was serving food when I came out.I understand that the theme of the restaurant is rustic but, the tables have food caked in the crevices of the table every time we visit and that is simply unhealthy.
4	This place is charming, pies are to die for.  Pulled pork rueben sandwich extremely good.  Service isnt the best, but they are always friendly, just a little overwhelmed. I dont really care too much about the service as lots of the staff is local kids (probably from Black Canyon City) and they are just kids after all.  Like other reviewers have said the place isnt spotless, but its charming, good eats, country good food.  Everything is at a little slower pace up there, which is fine with me!  If you want fine dining, and a spotless restroom, stay in Scottsdale!  If you want good food, in a charming, historic, Cowboy Bar setting....I'll see you at Rock Springs Cafe!
1	Staff was friendly. But the health department needs to check this place out. Really dirty. Table smelled liked sour milk and there was old food in the cracks of the table. Tables were grimy and filthy. I wonder if the owners take a good look around at how dirty the place is, a place that they are serving food.    As for the food, the French toast and pancakes were fine.
4	What Yelp told me I'd find: Great food, surly service, and out of this world pie.What I found: Great food, surly service, and out of this world pie.This place was recommended by the staff at the car rental place at PHX.  I'd definitely stop here again if I was passing through.
3	The food wasn't bad.  The pies were delicious. My favorite is the lemon, my family loves the pecan. First time there the table kind of smelled, but the second time, the experience was much better. Definitely a place to visit for the history though.
5	I drive an hour and a half for the Strawberry Rhubarb Pie atleast once a month...  Nuff said
1	The pies are good, which is the only reason Rock Springs Cafe gets one star.My husband and I took our children for dinner and we were seated at a table that was directly blocking some double doors that lead to the patio.  I suppose that would have been okay, except that there were diners on the patio, so the waitress needed to use the door, which meant my husband had to move each time.  There were other tables in the dining room that would have seated the 4 of us just fine, so the decision to place us where they did was odd.The restaurant keeps a bowl of individual-size creamers on the table.  The bowl on our table was filled with used/discarded creamer containers mixed in with the new ones.  That is when I knew I would not be ordering coffee.I ordered the rib eye steak, my husband ordered chicken fried steak, and our 2 sons ordered chicken strips.  When the food was delivered, I asked for A-1 sauce and was told they were out.  In my opinion, that is the sort of thing they should tell you when you order steak.  I ended up bringing the steak home where I could reheat it and enjoy it with A-1 sauce.After a few bites of food, my older son asked me if something was wrong with his chicken strip.  I looked at it, and it was completely raw inside.  He had already ingested some, unfortunately.  I tore open my younger son's chicken strips and discovered that his, too, were completely raw inside.  I flagged down the waitress and told her and ordered replacement meals.  She took one piece of raw chicken back to the kitchen to show them, but she left the rest of the raw chicken on my kids' plates.At the end of the meal, she offered free pie, but we were all so disgusted at that point we declined.  My kids' meals were comped, and 10% was deducted from the rest of the bill.  I think a comp of our entire bill would have been more appropriate under the circumstances.Despite the fact that their pie has been good previously, my family and I will NEVER return to Rock Springs Cafe - even for the pie.  If their kitchen sends out two plates of raw chicken, I have to wonder about the rest of their food safety procedures.  It's not worth the risk.
3	After living in the Phoenix area for over 30 years and hearing about the pie here over and over, I finally stopped in to see what all of the fuss was about. My experience was just ok. I found the prices to be pretty high. My wife, daughter and I split just one entree for the three of us, the fish and chips platter. My wife added cheese to the included cup of chili. And the three of us had pie--my wife had hers a la mode. We all drank water. So one entree and three desserts came to $32 including tip for lunch which seems quite high to me. I mean the pie was good, but it wasn't worth all that much. I'm just as happy with a Marie Calendar pie from the grocery store. The service was fine for us. This is another one of those "been there--done that" things that I won't feel the need to do again.
2	After living in Phoenix for over 20 years and hearing about the awesome pies in this place, we finally got to test it this weekend.  Our grandson had to use the bathroom so my husband took him in here and bought a lemon meringue pie on the way out.  He was shocked that it was $18.  Grandson and grandpa had it for dessert last night and declared it nothing special and certainly not worth the price.  I had a slice tonight and the crust was soggy (ugh!) and the flavor was so-so. We won't be making a special trip to this place.
2	My first visit to Rock Springs Cafe was pretty good. This is a cute little piece of nostalgia on the highway that would be fun to take out-of-towners to when they come to visit. Live music in the saloon, cute little gift shop and baked goods for sale...not too bad. I will say that the honey fried chicken was AWESOME but the cherry crumb pie was okay at best.For a place that touts itself to have the best pies around, one would think that they wouldn't keep them all in the refrigerator to get all cold and stiff. Myself, I like a room temperature pie that doesn't have a crust that shatters when you try to cut into it....but that's just me.  Also, I think that $18 for a take-home pie is crazy!
5	Pies. Amazing. Been here about three or four times and I always have to get a slice of pie every time. They are SOOOOOOOO yummy. Great people watching and interacting because it's a stopping point for travelers going to many different places. Live music most of the time. Lots of fun :)
5	I come from a long line of great piemakers. My grandmother sometimes made an apple pie a day. My family made plans to visit the cafe on our way home from Sedona and I kept telling myself to not expect too much. Restaurant pies are usually way over-hyped. We loved this place!!! The hostess was a real sweetie and Miles, our server, was flat out adorable. We sampled the rhubarb crumble, pecan, Tennessee lemon, and mixed berry crumble. My Mom and I felt we were the hands down winner with the rhubarb crumble. It was perfect, tart but plenty sweet enough, with a yummy crumble topping. We pride ourselves on our homemade pecan pie and the Rock Springs Cafe version was a serious contender. Plus the serving slice was huge. The mixed berry crumble was really good. The only one I wouldn't recommend was the Tennessee lemon. It was good but just not to my taste. It was like a lemon custard.
5	This place seriously does have the best pie in the entire world. drive up and bring a few to take home. Try the mixed berry crumble, it's incredibly delicious.
5	What a fun place to stop - even if you're not a tourist!The Mixed Berry Pie with crumb topping is incredible.  Cookies are great.Peanut butter brownie is wonderful, and the server went to the trouble to bring one that was still warm from the oven.All of the people working seem to have been hired for their friendliness - what a plus!
5	The pies have been talked up since the day I moved to Arizona. I finally stopped in on my way back from Phoenix to Prescott to buy a pie for a friend's birthday. I walked out of there with 2 pies - a Jack Daniels Pecan pie and a Tennessee Lemon pie. The pies DO live up to the hype. My friend reported that the JD Pecan pie was delicious - not overly sweet but just sweet and sticky enough. Great for breakfast the next morning with a cup of coffee. The Tennessee Lemon pie is amazing, as well. We didn't know what to expect of this style but it has a nice creamy, lemon curd base which is sweet (but not too sweet) and finishes with a nice lemony tang. I will definitely return for more pie!
5	Had about 2 dozen friends in for an event and stopped in here after a day of hiking in Sedona.  Without notice, they opened up a separate room for us.  Service was terrific, the pies were OUTSTANDING, and our snacks/appetizers were really good.  Super friendly, and lots of fun.  An Arizona treasure.
5	I had tried their pies but up until recently, I hadn't actually eaten at the cafe. However, when making the drive up there to pick up pies for Thanksgiving, we decided to stop into the cafe for a quick bite. The verdict? Very good! I had the BBQ chicken sandwich and my bf had the Howie burger. We started with the chili queso dip. It was good food in a fun environment, but the true treat still remains the same: the pies! My advice is to come here for the sole purpose of getting a pie and if you are hungry along the way, be sure to stop into the cafe!
4	Yes, the best pie within 30 miles of Anthem (at least). I don't even need to review it, everyone else has gotten to it.I took my parents here for Easter breakfast and the food was great. I don't drink black coffee normally, but theirs was freaking delicious, and my buddy who used to work there told me people order the beans all the time. Random, wasn't expecting the coffee to be such a big hit!The atmosphere is cute and kitschy. My dad entertained himself in the adjacent bar/dance floor area, reading the legend of the taxidermied bear and looking at the decor. The tourist junk in the main area is actually pretty *good* tourist junk (and tourist traps have been the bane of my existence since age 6). They also have a really nice grassy area with a gazebo outside that was beautiul in April.Everyone working was super friendly, but Black Canyon City is just one of those small towns that's very homegrown and "Hiya y'all!"Minus 1 star just because the pies are expensive. $18 for a whole pie? It's good, but that's just milking it.
3	Stopped in for  a quick dinner at Rock Springs.Really great service, but the food was just ok. I know this place is known for its pie, so maybe I should have had that for dinner.Had the chicken fried steak, and it was ok, but wasn't exactly a taste sensation. I would be back, because the service was fast and charming.
4	Good food, decent price. We came here on our way back to Phoenix from Crown King. (annual xmas shopping trip, this time no singing.  See Daren C's review.) Do yourself a favor and save room for the pie. Even if it is breakfast time.
4	After our off-road adventure through the dirt roads of Arizona, a local recommended this place for pie. There are a lot of variety, but Jack Daniels Pecan Pie is the must-have. Who would've thought to put JD into pie.. but wow you don't even taste the whiskey at all. The pie was sweet and delicious! Highly recommend... and it's on your way to the Grand Canyon (if you're driving from Phoenix/Scotsdale) They serve decent breakfast too.
1	Total rip off!!$16.95 for a banana creme pie.  Recently, they changed the presentation of the pie to feature a dome of whipped cream.  Once you cut in to enjoy the pie you soon find out it is 75% cream and maybe one or two bananas and some not so tasty yellow custard.  After being a customer for ten years I will never go back.Yuck!  Gross!!
1	We moved away from PHX about 10 years ago and have now returned. We had been to Rock Springs many times. When we went today, what a disappointment!Both our lunches (B BQ sandwich & fried chicken) were terrible. Food was cold and portions were terribly small, especially for the price.Pies were still tasty but about half the size of ingredients from years ago with a lot larger price tag. They lost customers today with us...
4	I happen to stumble across this place on a road trip through AZ with a few friends.  Yes, the pies are good, but the food was pretty awesome.  It's almost worth going on a road trip just to eat at this place.  The service was great, the place was clean and poppin' for breakfast.  I would definitely recommend eating here if you're ever in the area.
1	I have heard about this place for @13 years and a friend offered to pick up a pie so she brought me a blueberry pie and got a chocolate cream pie herself.  The blueberry was absolutely horrible, disgusting crust, dry, I threw it out.  I called her and shared my results and she said the cream pie tasted like plastic, equally horrible and discarded.  Is there a less than one star rating?
4	Visited here last night for the first time after having known/heard about this place for years. 4 stars is strictly for the food which I thought was great.  There's a nice selection of classic comfort foods and "western style" dishes.  I had the iron skillet steak.  Basically a skirt steak cooked in a skillet with onions and peppers and topped with cheese (sort of like fajita style steak).  Nothing earth shattering but a nice comfort style dish that hit the spot.  Although, I have to say it was pretty much like a fajita, which made me want tortillas to eat with it.I had a glass of their home made root beer.  Very smooth and creamy.  And of course the pie!  I had the JD PECAN pie (basically pecan pie cooked with Jack Daniels).  Probably the best pecan pie I've ever had!Now as great as the food was, the service could use some work.  The servers were attentive to a point but missed a lot of details.  For instance, we had to ask for silverware and napkins!  It would have been nice if the server mentioned a few of the special "items" that they offered.  For instance, the server offered us "iced tea or Pepsi" and not the root beer (which I did not notice on the menu until after I finished my soup).  Also, when we ordered pie, she did not offer to bring us any whip cream.  It wasn't until she offered me some for my daughter that I even knew they had homemade whipped cream!  So being that it was my first time I didn't know a lot of the nuances, maybe its one of those places that you just have to know how to order.Anyway, the food was great and I will be coming back to this place again since its only 15 minutes from Anthem!
4	On a drive to Jerome, my wife and I got hungry after stopping at the outlet mall.  We decided to stop at the next place with food.  We saw the sign, Rock Springs Cafe, but I was hesitant to risk what would be my first night away from the kid on some "road stop cafe" that would leave me seeing nothing but the bottom of a porcelain bowl the rest of the trip.  However, there was a sign that said PIE.  I. Love. Pie.So, we stopped.  I am so glad we did!  Once we were seated, I pulled out my phone and checked yelp.  Scary, because at that point I was committed.  I had a glass of tea and everything.  Luckily, almost all of the reviews were great.  That put me at ease.  The people were friendly and let me know what was good on the menu.I had the chicken and biscuits.  It was pretty good, but nothing that blew me away.  I'm sure there were better things on the menu, and it was lunch, so it felt a little too heavy, but that's my fault.  But, I was still not disappointed with my choice.  My wife had a burger and she loved it.Now, the pie.  My wife got the chocolate cream pie.  It was ok.  A little disappointing.  Nothing bad, it's just we've both had better.  However, I had the Jack Daniels Pecan Pie and it is by far the best Pecan Pie I have ever had.  Pecan was never my favorite of the pies, but this one puts it on the list.This place was so good, we stopped on our way home from Jerome and I got a whole JD Pecan Pie, and a slice of the Mixed Berry Crumble.  It was so delicious.  My wife got a peanut butter brownie thing with chocolate on it.  She said it was good.  I couldn't try it due to my lack of liking peanut butter in my sweets.  I know, right.  But, she knows her peanut buttery sweets.The awesome thing about this place, other than their pie being amazing, is they also ship their pies!  So, I may have to partake in the ordering of pies.  Who needs birthday cake when you can have birthday pie?
5	Its a typical Saturday morning. You're hungover, and the girl laying next to you, the one who looked like a million bucks last night, now looks like the face on an Indian Penny. You want her gone, but for some reason, she's loitering. Stalling. Putting off the inevitable cab ride / walk  'o shame, despite your best efforts to assure her you'll call.Then something comes out of her mouth so stupefying, it's got you re-thinking your entire life."Hey, it's Saturday" she says, "Why don't we head up to Rock Springs for the Hogs 'n Heat barbecue party?"She just said the magic word. Barbecue.Nothing, you reason, could be better for this headache than some pulled pork and a few beers. Maybe the drive and the fresh air will help, you reason.She goes on."Its not just barbecue...oh its all the usual stuff...brisket, chicken, ribs. But they've got this thing I really love, something you can't get anywhere else... Rocky Mountain Oysters."Did she just say what I think she said? She wants me to drive her 50 or so miles so she can eat testicles? Holy shit, who is this person. Some kind of Nazi War Criminal?Jesus! Fear sets in as you reason how YOUR balls could be her next meal if you don't concede to her unusual gastronomic request.Hungover, and with all the countenance of a zombie, you drive to Rock Springs. The first few beers slide down. They go good with the free popcorn in the bar.Then a couple of shots. The barbecue is fantastic...the hangover winding down.And finally the coup de gras as you watch her wolf down an entire plate of nuts. You're sick again, and before losing it altogether, yakking on a faux-biker and getting shot to death, you wander off. It's there you find, like a shining beacon of light, Aunt Jenny's Pie Stand in all its glory.Time for a break from all of this nonsense. You grab a pie, head for the parking lot, and finally rid yourself of this bovine-eating Nazi once and for all. As you're driving home, the Jack Daniels pecan pie slopped all over your being, a wave of terror washes over you, realizing how she knows where you live.You turn the car around.This isn't over yet.God help you.
2	gone down hill considerably!!  normally a place I go but this last time the service was horribly slow and the food was almost inedible.  my soft tacos were hard and flavorless, my daughter's Burger was burnt to a crisp and my other daughter had a hot dog that looked like it spent too long in the microwave. all of us had onion rings that were soggy and cold.  The waitress was nice enough to give our table a discount but too little too late. we will be finding a new meeting place.
4	Stopped in for a quick dessert on the drive back from Jerome.  Grabbed a slice of Jack Daniels Pecan Pie with a scoop of Butter Pecan ice cream.  Took one bite, was in heaven.  Each successive bite raised my mood higher and higher.  The pie was warm, the ice cream melted into the cracks and crevices and did nothing but add a wonderful juxtaposition to the piping hot pie.  I don't know that I will eat at the cafe, but I have no doubt I'm going to grab a slice of pie every time I feel the urge to head north of Phoenix.
4	The food and service are good just that a couple of weeks ago during that freak cold spell, the one waitress kept leaving the door open to the outside patio-----------brrrr! Though I'd definitely go back there to eat.
5	This place is awesome.  We stopped here on our way back to Scottsdale from Sedona.  A little unsure of what to expect, our expectations were far exceeded once we were served our dinner.  I had the chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and my wife had the honey fried chicken.  Both were great.The real highlight, however, is their famous pies.  We ordered 3 different ones because we could not decide on which to order.  We had the coconut cream, jack daniels pecan, and rhubarb.  The rhubarb was my favorite of the 3 but all were amazing.  I would travel to this restaurant just for a slice of pie.  If you are passing by on the 17, make this one of your stops.  You will not be disappointed.
2	I've driven by this place numerous times on my journeys north and south.  Today we finally stopped.  Unfortunately, I haven't been missing a whole lot.  The beer situation was weird.  4 of us ordered beer.  Three of us apparently got the last cold beers.  A waiter handed my friend a can of beer, warned her that it was warm but he brought a frosted glass.  Ummm...  what?!?!  She ordered a different beer.  Most of the table had received our food while one in our party remained food-less.  It was a good 5 - 7 minutes after we received our food that his was finally brought out.  He ordered the same dish as my husband (Chicken and Biscuits).  My husband's dish was cold.  The tardy dish was clearly given gravy that was left over (most likely) from chicken fried steak.  The chicken tacos were fairly tasty but needed some salsa.I'm not a pie person so I got a slice of red velvet cake.  Sadly, it was disappointing.  It was dense like red velvet cake should be but it was really dry and the frosting was just barely cream cheesey.  3 in our party that ordered pie were satisfied (I tried all of them and they were indeed, very good).  My advice: Get a pie...  to go.
5	BLUEBERRY PIEGet it. Eat it. Fall in LOVE. We drive to Prescott every other weekend or so, to see my mother. This weekend we commited ourselves to stop at the Rock Springs Cafe & General Store, mostly being that we always say we will stop there but never do... but also because we were curious about the place. I mean, have you seen the sign? I always think the picture is a slice of pizza, not PIE. But it is a pie place soooo...Based upon this first visit (WHY DID IT TAKE ME SO LONG?!), I can certainly say that we will be back. There was a wide selection of pies. Delicious looking pies, like cherry, apple, rhubarb, coconut cream, lemon merengue, banana cream, precan. We saw a lot of crumbles also. Such blueberry, cherry, apple, etc. I think there may have been a strawberry also. However, I am not partial to crumbles. So my eyes were drawn elsewhere. There was also a wide assortment of other little goodies, but not labels on all of them so I am not quite sure what they were... I know for certain there were some sticky buns (which looked quite sticky, in all the right ways). The large soda fountain was hard to miss too. I bet they make a killer root beer float. Cute decor. Not too hokey. Just real. Completely authentic feeling.There is a saloon, too! Seemed to have a live band playing some pretty dance-able country music. My husband picked up a six pack of some Flag Brew beer. Wapiti. Very hoppy- by the way- but cool to find a local brew in cans at a pie shop/saloon/restaurant(?). Now, about the pie:When I cut my piece out I noticed how well everything stayed together. There was no blob of disconcerting gel oozing from the sides. All of the blueberries were clinging to each other, huddled under a golden crust. Crust is perfect. Very simple. Flaky. Filling was sheer blueberry bliss. Not the syrup-laden pie filling that any joe schmo can buy in a can. These were some fresh, REAL, blueberries. Each berry with its' own note of flavor. All coming together seamlessly to fill the pie. I was surprised at how light the piece of pie was. I had certainly cut to small of a piece. So I had another. I am quite certain, at this very moment, that I could have yet another piece and I would feel the same. Light. Refreshing. What a fantastic summer pie. I must try more!
2	We saw the TV show on this and took the 40-mile trip for a slice. We were disappointed. As other reviewers have noted, I wish the pie hadn't been cold from the fridge. At least they could have asked if we wanted it warmed up. Also, I've had better pie. In fact, I've made better pie. I believe they use a lot of corn syrup and sugar; anyway, too sweet for my taste. Pie is $4.00 a slice. We also had breakfast, and it was OK, but nothing special. Heavy on the grease, bland colors, not appealing to the senses. We spent just under $50 for two people for breakfast and four slices of pie (two there, two to go), which seems steep.Finally, the service was underwhelming. The only friendly word was on the receipt: Thank you! We were tourists for the day, and I understand that makes us far less worthy than the average local. But still, I think being friendly is part of being in that kind of business, and a smile is free.
2	This place is supposed to be super famous for their pies, even appearing on national television shows and places in Phoenix get the pies imported down. However, I couldn't see why. I've had some great pies and while my banana creme pie was pretty great, it didn't blow my mind or anything. It was banana creme with banana slices topped with a hearty helping of genuine whipped creme. Pretty good. The service was fast, too, though I did order a root beer off the pie menu (supposedly "real" root beer brewed local and from a tap or something) but I'm pretty sure it was just a glass of A&W. No froth or in a beer mug or anything like the description read. For two slices of pie and two drinks with tip, bill was $18. That's pretty extravagant for the atmosphere (think Bill Johnson's or any other "cowboy" steak house) and what we got. I felt cheated, to be honest.Anyway, it was a "been there, done that" sort of thing. No need for a repeat performance.
3	came here for breakfast. had steak (medium rare), eggs, and hash browns.  The steak was cooked exactly like I asked, unlike many chain restaurants who still cook it medium when you ask for rare.  Enjoyed the steak.  eggs and hash browns comparable to Dennys.  Coffee wasn't very strong at all.  Service wasn't great.  Kept having to ask for refills and had trouble getting their attention for the check. Neat atmosphere, considering the historical background of the location.
4	This is a must-see pit stop on your way to or from Sedona!I'm a huge fan of "general stores," and this one is no exception.  The pies look incredible (I admit I haven't had one yet), but that lemon merengue one is calling my name for my next visit.  Those cinnamon rolls look like they are to die for as well... I love that the bar has popcorn (my fave).  There are plenty of characters working and visiting too, which makes for great people-watching.  Even with all of the above, the selection of other snacks is a bit lacking.  There is a very limited selection of soda and non-draft drinks, and not much as far as savory snacks go.  (I'd suggest nuts or chips or crackers).Another reason this is a great pit stop? They've got decent restrooms!  Oh, and there is an adorable little farmers market with some fun local products that shares a parking lot with this place as well.Again, if you're looking for a fun place to stop on your roadtrip, or even if you want to make a trip solely for pies, this place is worth it.  Enjoy!
4	An absolute must stop. When my boyfriend and I planned this road trip he literally made me circle Rock Springs and write "Pie!!!" by it on our Atlas so we would make sure to navigate to this place.I walked in and immediately felt like I was in Cracker Barrel. The decor is the same concept, but this place has the history to back it up, so it doesn't feel cheap and gross like it does at a cookie-cutter Cracker Barrell, it feels honest and cozy. We grabbed a seat and were greater by the very friendly and constantly running busser, Josh (I'm pretty sure that's his name...) He grabbed us our two draft rootbeers, which later turned out to be Virgil's rootbeers--one of my favorites. :) I ate the chicken and biscuits and Matt got the chicken fried steak. Both were good and tasted like they had everyone's grandmas chained up on a cooking assembly line producing traditional home style food en mass. But to the Pies! Two massive slices of pies a la mode were heated up and dropped off at our table. While Matt's apple pie was delicious with just the right amount of cinnamon, I was partial to my mixed berry crumble.Definitely worth the stop, and it's reasonably priced for how much food you get. We spent a little more than we had planned, but good food is always worth it.
3	This is a fun little spot to stop at.  It's very rustic.  I love some good pie but I would say there's is decent homemade pie.  People, I know, that think it's the best are use to store bought.  People who are really into pies have a middle ground review in my opinion.  If you are really super picky on pies I would say these are good but not over the top good.  If you aren't use to super homemade pies you will be very happy.
5	Best pie in Arizona!  We always stop there on our way to Sedona from Tucson and usually bring a pie for whoever we are visiting (and one for us).The fruit pies are not too sweet and always made fresh.  The cream pies are not always available but the coconut is fabulous.  They are also famous for their Jack Daniels Pecan Pie (candy is dandy but liquer is quicker...).Not a place for fancy or fine dining.  It is connected to a saloon with pool tables and there are usually a bunch of bikers present.  Not sure about now, but back in the old days they had a sign that read "Please check your gun at the door".They also serve a full menu of burgers and entrees which are typical (but good) american type diner/grill food.But the pies are to die for.
1	***My first review anywhere about anything***For years, I've been hearing about these legendary pies...so, on a recent trip to the Grand Canyon, my wife and I made a point to finally stop @ Rock Springs Cafe for lunch.We arrived well after the lunch rush, so there were plenty of seats available, and the restaurant appeared well-staffed.We were seated quickly...I did my best to glance at the dishes in front of diners we passed along the way to see if anything looked particularly enticing...I noticed that several plates had uneaten, limp and soggy looking fries, so I made a mental note to avoid them.3 people offered to take our drink order within mere seconds...which I interpreted to be a sign of good things to come...but, boy, was I wrong. We asked our server for recommendations, and she struggled to come up with suggestions.  The menu has a half-dozen or so items marked as "House Specialties" (or something like that)...among them, is Chicken Fried Steak, which our server recommended as well...so I order that with mashed potatoes.Our Order:Chili - My wife liked itClam Chowder - I'd bet $1000 it was from a can.  Artificially thick with scant (and very chewy) clams.Chicken Fried Steak - Had an oddly uniform shape and thickness...I told the server that it was "horrible" and asked if it was was prepared on site or frozen.  She admitted that they bought it already prepared and frozen and just heated it up.  She further stated that the previous owner had made it fresh, but that the new owners considered this "good enough."  When I exclaimed that for $10.95 I could have bought the same garbage at Costco and made my own, she agreed.  I didn't finish the steak...and the gravy (like the chowder) was artificially weighty and almost certainly also from a can.Mashed Potatoes - Not so much "mashed" as "smashed" and served with an ice cream scoop.  This may have been satisfactory, were it not for the grape-sized black chunk of rotten potato in my second bite.Nobody ever noticed when our drinks needed to be refilled...I finally asked a different server for a refill.At one point, I noticed that the pick up/service window was overflowing with plates ready to be served while waitstaff stood nearby, chatting, apparently oblivious to the food that was ready to be served.  (Well, at least "intended" to be served...because most of what we saw was never "ready").Our check arrived while we were eating our pie.  There was no consideration for the fact that we had complained about the food quality and not finished our plates.I don't remember what kind of pie we ordered...really...and, while I have no complaints about it, but it was certainly unspectacular....then, we hit the road bound for Williams, AZ where we had an even less-stellar meal at the Grand Canyon Railroad Cafe...but, that's another story.
3	Worth a stop but not a return.  2 1/2 stars.
1	Never in my life did I think I'd be eating breakfast at RSC at 7:30 on a Monday morning. And how I got there involves spinning a wild yarn about driving to Chinle, Arizona on the Navajo Indian Resevervation via Winslow, Joesph City, and Holbrook that started at 1:30pm on Sunday afternoon. If you've never driven through "the res" at night, don't. It's terrifying. Honestly. Scared me to death. And I don't scare easily.After waking up at 5:30am in Flagstaff, common sense says stop in Flag for a bite to eat before heading down the hill. Common sense failed us at 8pm the night before. We got to Rock Springs, and I was expecting it to be busy. Hardly. 1 group of 4 eating breakfast. After perusing the menu, I was in that state between hungry, and "ready to vomit and drool all over myself". The server was nice enough, and the coffee was good enough to stave off the vomit and drooling. I was hoping for pancakes, but since there was no real Maple Syrup, no dice. HFCS syrup is THE WORST. No aunt I've ever met would condone that. I settled on the Western Omlet. It came with "Country Potatoes", and toast. The "Country Potatoes" were the freezer stored, bag type, precut.... OMG, there's that vomit feeling again. Seriously. No honest to goodness home cookin country diner served me frozen anything. That's blasphemy, honestly. No hash browns, either. They were "out". How do you run "out" of Hash Browns? Get a potato, get a grater, and get to work! Coffee cake? No dice because they "didn't feel like making it today." I can't make this stuff up. The eggs were so weakly average, that I left about a quarter of it uneaten. It was just flat, and bland. And we paid $35 for the privilege. No thanks, Rock Springs.   About the fruit pies.... They're canned. The filling is the canned stuff that you can buy at the store. Crusts are flour, water, graham cracker. I've seen them make the pies, and my teeth hit the floor when I saw them pour canned filling into a crust. It was the generic, Shamrock/Sysco/Southwest Foods canned filling. I can't speak on the Pecan Pie, but the fruit pies are canned. Lemon Merangue, canned. Rave about them all you want, but know it's possible to make the same thing at home for a fraction of the cost. We had been buying pies here for the last 15 years on our way up to the cabin. The day I saw them pour that filling into their fruit pies, that was it. 15 years of loyal patronage, all gone.  I'm all done with Rock Springs. Pies and all.
5	*****This is not your Grandmother's home made pie*******Obviously it's impossible to procure pie that can compete with that our grandmother's made. This is the next best thing. It's the best store bought pie you can buy. I had a friend visiting who I took to Grand Canyon. She's quite the foodie and an excellent cook, so I decided to introduce her to Rock Springs pie on the drive home. When I asked her what her favorite part of the day was, she said it was the pie. Now, I don't think the pie is better than Grand Canyon, but it's pretty darned tasty. I've sampled many of the different varieties and my personal favorite is their Tennessee Lemon. It's dense lemony goodness that tastes like it's made with cream cheese. Their crumb pies are also delectable. Key Lime, apple, peach, pumpkin, pecan, lemon meringue... you really can't go wrong. Everything tastes fresh, local, high quality, and mouth-wateringly delicious.
4	Great Americana feeling. We were there for lunch. Food is the normal items, but done with a special flare for the Southwest and Fried. Had the Fried Hot Dog, Pickle Chips, and the rest had hamburgers. All enjoyed what they had. Very busy and popular place. Never got a chance to try the pies, but saw others savoring every bite of them.
3	On the way to Flagstaff we stopped in for breakfast and coffee. Nothing fancy here, to be sure. Service was very meh, I guess they have so many pasty, bug eyed tourists coming through, they're burnt out. The coffee was nothing special. The steak and eggs came to me just like I asked, with the steak juicy and medium rare. Worth a stop, if you need a bathroom break and a quick bite.
4	We were headed here for lunch on our way home to to Tucson from Prescott. I read all the reviews about the amazing pie and thought, oh please, how good can a pie be? (I'm not much of a sweets person) My dining companion got a slice of rhubarb crumb pie and I had a bite. And then three bites. This is seriously the best pie I've ever had in my life. If I wasn't dieting, I would have ordered and devoured a whole piece myself. Amazing pie. Perfect.I'm giving the place overall 4 stars instead of 5 because the regular lunch menu was kind of boring and a bit overpriced for what/where it was. I think $10.95 is a bit steep for chicken and dumplings in the middle of nowhere. So I guess I'm like all the other reviewers now - go for the pie.
4	I have no idea how the rest of the restaurant's food is.  Who cares!  I make the drive for the pie.  Especially the fruit crumb pies.  You can get them by the slice, (great with their surprisingly good coffee) or the whole pie to go.  If you get a whole pie, you can actually get a pie card, i.e. the 11th pie is free.  That is how often pie afficionados are willing to make the trek past the anthem outlets.  The best pies?  Apple and Peach by far.  I can quibble about the crust, (for the money old Marie Callendar's had the best, never mushy crust) but for the fillings, Rock Springs wins hands down.  The fruit is never smooshy, never overly sweet and the filling is not all just jello goop.  I have been known to sit down with the pie, intending to eat only one piece and go to town.  (Leaving much of the not exactly sturdy pie crust behind).  Totally worth the drive!
4	This is probably the third or fourth time we've been here and again, the breakfast was AWESOME!  LOVE the pancakes here!!  Never had lunch or dinner here but if you are ever passing by, you should stop by here for breakfast .... and take a pie with you!
4	A warm Jack Daniels pecan pie served with vanilla ice cream... what is there more to say. I also tried the Tennessee Lemon and Apple Crumb pies, next time I will try one of their cream pie. The menu food was ok, but the next time I will be skipping straight to the pies. Any future road trip on the I17, requires a stop for a pie!
4	The food was A-Okay. The winner here are the pies ! So many to choose from all of them homemade. I give an extra star for that and also the customer service is great too. Everyone is so helpful and friendly.
4	This place is known for their pies, but it has a cafe/dinner and a bar attached to it.Ordered the "the kitchen sink" for breakfast, it was filling but a run of the mill  everything omelette. The pies were good... if I'm ever driving through, I would stop by again.
4	Was driving Phoenix to Flagstaff and wanted to stop somewhere that wasn't a chain food place.  Made 2 visits in 2 days so I guess it was good!  Service was a bit slow when they're full but that only happened 1 of the 2 visits.  Food good for the price, not outstanding.  Pies were great!  I'd recommend it as a pitstop because it's unique, prices are good and the food is as good as you can expect.  I'd stop by again.
3	My best friend and some our assorted kidlets ate here last night on our way back down from Flagstaff, where we were picking up the two oldest kidlets from NAU.We pulled in at 8:40 and it looked almost deserted, there were only about 2 cars in the parking lot...  Being afraid they'd already closed, I checked the hours on the door; it said it was open to 10PM, perfect.  We walk in, seat ourselves (per the sign).  The wooden highchair we found for my toddler was missing the safety belts and was more wobbly than a 50 year old Bangladesh high-rise in a category 4 typhoon.  Seriously, I wasn't even sure it was totally safe, but we didn't see another option so I kept her at arm's length just in case it started to lean dangerously as she wiggled in it.  Thankfully it held up okay, but it doesn't have too many more days ahead of it before it's fire kindling...  Right away a hostess came over and offered us menus and takes our drink orders: 4 waters and a Dr. Pepper.  The waitress was there just a couple minutes later to get our dinner orders and unfortunately, one of the teenagers had just wandered away 30 seconds beforehand, so we had to ask her to come back in a second to get all of our orders.  Well, nearly 10 minutes later she returned and got all of our orders.   Also, while she was gone I noted that the floor was filthy.  Really, I'm cool with rustic concrete floors, but throughout the day someone needs to be sweeping the floor.  This floor didn't look like it had been swept ALL day long with crumpled napkins, bits of smashed food, straw wrappers, crumbs, etc.  I ordered the mac and cheese dinner entree, with vegetables in lieu of potato side and a side salad.  My side salad was served right away and was crisp and fresh.  Very tasty.  Interestingly, they serve it with diced cucumber and tomatoes, which was different, but very tasty.  I think I liked it better that way compared to how most places serve it.The mac and cheese arrived a few minutes later and while it looked delicious with a perfectly browned bread crumb topping and gooey, stringy cheesey deliciousness, and perfect al dente macaroni noodles, it was totally and utterly tasteless.  I honestly think the kitchen made it without any seasoning at all.  Now, I'm no gourmand, but I've made some home style mac and cheese in my day and there are certain things (aside from salt and pepper) you can add to give it some zing, like onion, garlic, nutmeg, mustard powder, paprika, etc..  I don't think this mac and cheese even saw salt and pepper, let alone ANY of the more complex seasonings.  Sad.  I was really enticed, because it looked so good on the surface, but it was a utter taste-flop.  My 17 month old daughter wouldn't even eat it.  Additionally, the side dish they served it with was canned peas with a couple of random pieces of carrots.  Yuck.   Note to the kitchen: canned peas are virtually inedible gray-green little balls of mush; please at least use frozen peas, they are so much better tasting and looking and practically the same price.My best friend said her Cobb Salad with grilled chicken was the best she ever had, and she knows from salads.The other kids ate their food without complaint, except my 15 year old nephew, who also received a side of canned peas with his dinner.  He refused to touch them and made jokes threatening to throw them, one by one, at his older sister.  Ah, the joys of older children...  ;)Anyway, my friend and I shared a piece of Jack Daniels Pecan Pie.  That was superb.  And really, as most of us already know, pie is what Rock Springs Cafe is known for throughout the State, right??Our bill for 5 1/2 (2 adults, 3 teens and a baby) was about $66.  We paid it, and sadly we literally weren't quite to our car in the parking lot when they turned off the lights and closed the place down.  Weird.  It wasn't even 9:20 yet.
2	All I wanted is some pie, and she wouldn't give it to me.....No, seriously. I was the easiest and best type of customer a business just dreams about. I knew what I wanted, and I all wanted to do is paid for it and leave - simple.So I went inside and I grabbed the apple pie and started to look for the pumpkin pie - couldn't find it. I finally located a worker..."I am off the clock" he said and walked away. OK. I spotted another...."I will be right back" she said and walked off, never to be seen again. I manage to find the pumpkin pie, but it was the behind the display case - the kind that employee reach in to retrieve the pies. I started to look around for help again, no one to be seen. By the way, this was sunday afternoon with several customers inside. I heard some workers in the back room and they saw me, but chose to ignore me. At that point I should have just left, but all I wanted is some damn pie. So I went around the counter, reached in for the pie, grabbed it, took it to the register, paid for it and left.WHY MAKE BUYING PIE SO DIFFICULT?Anyway, the pies were good, little pricey but good, not spectacular. Although it got me thinking. With the employees that care so little, how much love did go in to making that pie. Would they care if they dropped some filling on the floor. Would they pick that back up and put it back in the pie. I have never seen that a work ethic this bad. I hope that management gets their act together and actually manages their employees.
4	I'm not a huge pecan pie fan, but I had to try the Jack Daniel's Pecan Pie because our tour guide recommended it on the way back from Sedona. It was sweet but not excessively sweet like many pecan pies. Although the Jack Daniel's flavor isn't obvious, there's a richness to this pie that is so different probably attributed to the JD. The crust had delicate crunch and was yummy. When I ate the last bite, I wished I bought the larger than average whole pie instead of just a slice. I would have devoured every bit of it since it was that good.There were many pies to choose from. Service could have been better. There were several of us in line for a slice of pie. There wasn't anyone readily available to help us. The cashier line also moved slow. Although the service was slow, the staff was very nice. 5 star pie + 3 star service = 4 star average.
4	While traveling from Phoenix to Humboldt to check out a really fine motorcycle, I veered off the beaten path for a little refuel. While pumping ethel I noticed a sign on the building for homemade pies. I try never to miss the opportunity for a good piece of pie, so I headed off to check it out. Being from Texas, I am always in the market for a good pecan pie. I checked the pies out in the display case and decided on the JD Pecan. I tried a piece and wasn't disappointed at all. It was sweet, tasty, and loaded with pecans. I bought a whole pie to take back with me. I have had some better (grandma's) and some a lot worse, but I can definitely recommend Rock Springs pecan pie as one of the best. I didn't try anything off the menu, but the burgers looked good.
3	Decent place to stop by for a pie break on the way to Sedona, but I'd recommend eating in the area right near the entrance that serves pie and ice cream only. The actual dining room has slow service.Come here only for the pies (JD pie is the way to go).  The rest of the food appears to be previously canned or frozen and is actually quite unappetizing.Nothing here was vegetarian except Mac n cheese and the egg salad sandwich. I had the egg salad, which was all right but the bread to salad ratio was way off. I'd stop by for just pie if I traveled between Sedona and Phoenix often.# vegetarian review
5	Worth the drive up I-17,  Great  location and great food!JD Pecan Pie!
3	Stopped here on our way back from Northern AZ and got a slice of peach pie. It wasn't bad, but also wasn't the best pie I've ever had in my life. A nice place to stop if you need a driving break, though.
3	Would give it a more stars but the service there isn't very good.  Pie's are all awesome, I got to try almost all of them due to the size of our group once.  Breakfast is awesome if you can get it before they shut it down.  (something silly like 10am)  I've been happy with everything I've eaten here.  Just expect the service to be shotty.
5	Great food and pies! They even serve drinks in mason jars :)
5	We went here for pie--as we had heard that they serve the best pecan pie in the State of AZ.  We discovered that they serve the BEST pecan pie I have every had IN MY LIFE!!!!!  My wife had the mixed berry pie--PHENOMENAL.  I don't like any type of pie other than pecan, but I DEVOURED about 1/4 of my wife's serving.  It's good that we live quite far away, otherwise I'd be here every day!  Very eclectic area/interior.  Pleasant (but slow) service.  Can't comment on anything else because we just went her for pie--I tell you what, it is well worth the drive!!!!
4	Eat Pie, Be HappyThe food is down-home stuff, nothing exceptional.  If they made the rest of their food like they make their pies, this would be exceptional.   Service is inconsistent, but never rude.  I would really like to try one of the BBQs; I'll have to make a special trip.So if you are out this way, eat the pie!
2	Very nice people, cool place - the food was OK - but I must say the pies were not good, not good at all.  Our table had the apple, rhubarb and pecan pie slices and uniformly not one liked the pie or finished the slice.  The pies are over hyped and not very good.The frozen pies from Marie Calendar's or Sara Lee or Claim Jumper are much better. Mind you I used to be a pastry chef and it was very sad to see the fillings and undercooked crusts and toppings nearly raw.
5	You must stop at this cafe! it's a must must must! You must make the trip from Phoenix! Shopping in Anthem? Even better! I've been coming here for 10 years, and boy, has it changed! But one thing remains the same - best pies in the whole dang state.It used to be a little hole-in-the-wall that was never busy... now they're expanded and are slowly creating (what I believe to be) a pie and dessert empire! More often, on weekends, you will find yourself waiting for a table, but don't worry, there's plenty to look at! I will be honest, I am used to some traditional "diner" service, with waitresses that don't usually want to give you the time of day - but on my last visit, I had the kindest, smiliest, most affirming waitress I think I've ever had! I'm always torn about what pie to order when I come - Jack Daniels pecan? One of the amazing berry crumb pies? A foot-tall coconut cream pie? Well, this past time I chose the JD Pecan, and got a fist-bump from my waitress. It was a great choice, indeed.
2	I stopped here on my way back from Sedona. After hearing and reading so much about their pie, I decided to snag a rhubarb crumb for my husband since that's his favorite. I even ordered my pie over the phone the day before, but that turned out to be unnecessary and seemed to cause confusion with the staff.For a place renowned for their pies, the $19 rhubarb crumb was quite disappointing. My homemade all-butter pie crust tastes much better than their shortening-based one. The rhubarb filling was way too tart and gelatinous. It was edible with some vanilla ice cream.At least the bathrooms are clean if you need a potty stop along the I-17 during your road trip.
3	so everyone knows about the pies i'm sure. back in the day, they had a sunday BBQ, all you could eat for like 10bucks. last time i checked they don't do that anymore. this place is filled with everyone except arizonans. i was here for the Black Canyon portion of the Xterra Trail Run series, and since i love pie, i couldn't leave without a few slices. the pies are not cheap, but for all i know, they are handmade. i had the peach crisp, the apple, and the lemon merangue(sp). all three were quite delicious, the peach being my favorite of the three. i've had in the past the rhubarb (too bitter), the blueberry (too doughy), and the pecan (my favorite thus far). the staff sometimes has no idea what pies are what or even if they have a certain type of pie: there is a list of pies, but that doesn't mean there are actually those pies there). and i always find the old lady behind the register to be creepy...she never smiles or says hello...she just stares at me while taking my money. anyway, not really worth a trip for the pie, but if you have visitors that have read about the place and want to try it, may as well.
1	We have been purchasing pies at Rock Springs for years.  My mom LOVED their coconut cream and banana cream pies.  When mom passed away a few months ago we decided to serve these pies at her memorial.  I called Rock Springs and explained what pies I wanted, and why. They do require you to pay for the pies when you order them and their whole pies are not cheap. The memorial service was on a Saturday so we made plans with them to pick up the pies Saturday morning.  I called to confirm the pies on the Thursday before.  When we arrived to pick up the pies Saturday morning they weren't even made.  They made some lame excuse that the night crew didn't do their job.  We had to wait while they made the pies (2 of each kind) and NEVER did they offer any sort of discount or make any effort to apologize for the inconvenience they were causing.  They offered us a soda while we waited.They packed the pies in ice since they were freshly made.  We immediately put them into the refrigerator when we got home.  When we cut into them I simply cried.  The pies were thin, I mean almost no filling at all.  Mom would not have been happy with this at all.  She so loved their pies. The pies lacked in taste.  I wonder if Rock Springs has gotten too big for their "pie pans" and doesn't think quality is important anymore.We will never purchase pie here again.  Over twenty years of family history is gone.  So sad!
4	JD pecan pie is yummy!  We enjoyed the chicken fried steak, too.  Our waitress was fun, happy and obviously enjoyed her job.  We'll be back.
2	WHAT HAPPENED?? We have been stopping by for years to pick up a pie or two whether headed North or South and have always enjoyed them. Until now! Saturday we stopped in for lunch on the way to Phoenix and picked up a Blackberry Crumble and an Apple Crumble pie. Sadly both pies were sub-par. They were under cooked, had less filling than they used to and apparently the recipe for the crumble now omits the small pieces of pecans that gave some much needed crunch. At $18 a pie they weren't even comparable to a frozen Marie Callender's Razzleberry pie that can be bought for as little as $5 when on sale at the grocery store!! These anemic pies were such a disappointment that after decades of buying them I believe we are done and won't be going back for more.I phoned a Black Canyon City local who was a regular and was told ownership and staff had changed. I haven't bothered to verify this since I doubt we will go back. He had similar comments about the downhill slide in the quality of the baked goods there. If you look at their website, notice what the crumble used to look like while perusing the contents of the PIES tab. Browned with nuts! A second trip the other day confirmed that all the crumb pies are now as pale as a Canadian in winter.I will say that the service in the bar, while slow, was friendly and accommodating. The burgers and fries were good for roadhouse fare and the beer was cold. The sticky buns with walnuts are delicious and provide some redemption.But caveat emptor on the pies!
2	I agree with the others who are commenting that the food quality has diminished substantially.For years, this was one of our favorite spots to hit.  The food was always great, and the only problem with the pie, was having to pick just one flavor.  lolI went about a month ago with a friend from out of town.  I went off the reservation (I normally get a burger or ribs) and ordered the fried chicken.  The chicken pieces were micro-mini.  The leg looked like a wing drumette.  I'm not sure what kind of bird this came off of, but it's not anything you'd find soon in Safeway.  What was worse, was that it was entirely raw.  Like, visibly pink and completely cold in the middle.  I let the server know, and she was very sweet about having it refired.  The green beans were straight out of a tin can, and so mushy, you had to scoop them, rather than stab with a fork.  She did remove the cost from the check (without us even asking), even though she did return 10 minutes later with a new plate of chicken.  The fries are always pretty consistently good here.  :)The pie was OK.  We had both the rhubarb crumb (a la mode), and the chocolate cream.  The rhubarb was so undercooked, it wasn't even recognizable as pie.  More like cobbler.  With a very wet and underdone crust.  The ice cream had half-melted before making it to our table, so the plate was one flat, gooey mess.  The taste was good (if you don't mind scooping your pie), but it didn't resemble the old pie from Rock Springs. The chocolate cream was definitely better.Another reviewer said the place had recently changed hands.  Well, if that's the case, then the new dining experience makes sense.  It now sucks.  I truly hope the new owners are reading the recent reviews, and seeing how they are seriously missing the mark with the food quality.  This place is too iconic to fail like this.  Trying to cut food costs with sub-par product, and reduce labor by hiring people who don't know how to cook (or bake) isn't going to make your business last.Definitely disappointing, and I'll give them a whirl one more time in the coming months, in the hopes that things improve.
4	Many years ago, this old stage stop was purchased by some airline pilots, and operated well enough to increase their income, and provide some pretty raucous parties.  I stopped by for pie in March '13.  Rock Springs Cafe has either changed hands, or the pilot's tasteful and civilized wives took over.  The food's always been good, the pies delightful desserts, but Rock Springs Cafe has changed.  Flower planters, nostalgic murals near the gas station, a general high level of premise cleanliness and care has been instituted.   Thank you Joe and Jane Hummel for bringing me the first time for pie and coffee with a long-lost cousin, and thank you Arch for the raucous stories.
5	Absolutely loved this place! By far, the highlight of my trip to Phoenix!!  I accidentally stumbled upon this place and am so glad I did!!  The entire experience was amazing!  From the live music, waitress, food, drinks, to the delicious pies!!   I definitely recommend going if you're anywhere within an hour drive from here, it's definitely worth it!  If I didn't live in Denver, I'd be a regular here!!
1	Not too peachy!!Rock Springs Cafe and store is a cool place to stop in and visit on your trip north of Phoenix on I-17. Only being 20 minutes north of Phoenix it serves as an interesting "slightly out of town" quaint, rustic atmosphere cafe. Well, I stopped in the other day to pick up a pie as a treat to take to my folks. I was sorely disappointed to pay $20 for a peach pie that is FAR from peachy. This place is supposed to be well known for their pies and I understand it is out of season for peach pie, but if you are going to sell one for that kind of money it should be something to talk about.PS..After driving by and seeing the extremely distasteful billboard above the restaurant for 1-17 traffic to see, I downgraded my review to 1 star. EXCUSE ME, BUT IF YOU NEED SEXUAL INNUENDO 'S TO SELL PIE, YOU BETTER RE-THINK YOUR BUSINESS STRATEGY AND MAKE YOUR PIE WORTH DRIVING AND STOPPING FOR.
4	Pretty cool place to make a quick stop either going or coming from Sedona. It's a nice break for the car engine ( and if you have a baby, super nice break) They have a restaurant that I haven't tried and a bar. A small bakery with some really good goodies. One day ill try the food to see if I can give it another star to compete the 5. Make a stop, I think you'll like it.
1	Breakfast is all pre-cooked.  Ham boiled.  Ordered bacon well but it comes however it is cooked prior.  No special orders here.  Not that cheap either.  Just fast, that's all!
3	We missed breakfast by 15 minutes, scream. If you have friends or family in town bring them here. Pancakes are great. If you don't leave with a pie you're crazy.
4	Pie area separate from restaurant, great staff, great pie selection and taste! Will be stopping by again.
3	We come here for pies and they do not disappoint. Have had lunch here once or twice, and it is OK, but it is the pies that make the trip. I recommend the mixed berry or the coconut cream.
2	Live in Phoenix and heard of this place. Happened to be in the area and so we stopped in for a piece of pie. Have to admit that from the outside I was impressedUnfortunately the pie was a disappointment. It cost $6 dollars a slice and was not freshly made. They did not have any two crust pies, everything was a crumble and refridgeratedIf you want good pie go to Alpine California, that is the bench mark
4	We waited quite awhile to be waited on. Finally waitress came and apologized and offered comp drinks. Food was really good. Had pulled pork sandwich. My husband the wranglers burger. Coconut cream pie did not taste as good as when Penny made them. Not as much filling. More whip topping. Oh well
1	Ok 3 strikes you're out.  I love the idea of the place but the service is so abominably terrible, I leave there frustrated and angry.  Usually I'm traveling between my homes in Tempe and Sedona and stop here for breakfast or lunch.  Three times now in a row the service has been so horrible they've offered me a free piece of pie to make up for it.Yesterday I waited 45 min for a sandwich.  I saw two tables sit down after me and leave before I was served one bite of food.  I waited 15 min to be even noticed and they weren't that busy.I was told with an attitude "we have 4 dining rooms, everyone is waiting " after  my second complaint about no food.  And my sandwich was on dry stale bread.The only consolation was a piece of pie that I was too pissed off to even wait for.  That may have taken another half an hour and we were so late getting in the road now.I left so angry, didnt get the whole pie I'd intended on purchasing but got a $6.99 delicious pie from Safeway instead.I'm done with this place.  What could be a charming pit stop is a descent in to stress hell.
3	I stopped here with some friends after getting some drinks up the road at Chilleens. We all ordered different pieces of pie. The pie was good, but nothing special to classify it "World Famous." I also had a cup of coffee with my pie. The coffee tasted like Safeway select coffee. Which is expected at small cafes and diners. The waitress was very nice and even gave me a fresh brewed cup after realizing the coffee was not fresh.The place is a tourist spot. They have a couple different things to see in that area. including a fake graveyard and an alligator made out of a tire. Nice little spot to stop and see, but I can't see myself ever stopping here again.
5	We come here for the cherry crumb pie. No road trip up north is complete without stopping here. Jack Daniels Pecan Pie is also a favorite of ours. They've just started making mini-cream pies: banana, coconut, butterscotch, and chocolate.This is the best pie in the state!
1	Over-rated, over-priced pies. The banana cream pie tasted artificial and cost 18 dollars!  Save your hard earned dollars and buy a grocery store pie. You'll feel better about your purchase!
1	Drove 45 minutes on a Sunday morning to enjoy breakfast at the Rock Springs Cafe.  Arrived at 10:15 and was told that there would be approximately a 30 minute wait.  No problem.  Waited 45 minutes and was seated by the host and given our menus.  Upon receiving our menus, we noticed that they published on their menus that they quit serving breakfast at 11 am.  We all checked our watches and fortunately it was 5 till 11.  When our waitress arrived we explained to her that we had come for breakfast and she then informed us that they only served breakfast till 11 am. and that it was now 11:01.  Our response was pretty much ............ really?  She informed us, with an attitude,  not to go ballistic and that she would check with the kitchen.  On that happy note we got up and left.  I have patronized the Rock Springs Cafe on numerous occasions, often times bringing in groups of guests visiting from out of State.  When I brought a group in this Spring, I thought that the food had gone down hill badly and that the place looked very dirty.  We didn't get a chance to try the food this time, but the place still looked dirty and apparently they can't keep good help.  I've owned my own restaurant for 30 years and I can assure you that the Rock Springs Cafe has some serious issues to take care of if they plan on staying around.  Even with tourists constantly pulling in off of the interstate, it's not going to take long for the word to get out.  Good luck folks.
4	We always stop here for the pies as we leave or are coming into town. Pecan sticky buns for $2.50? Yes, please. And these are huge, about the size of two hands put together side by side. The breakfast, eh not so much. I have stopped here a couple of times and I try to avoid coming here for breakfast, it's always a tad cold and the potatoes lack serious flavor. We came here for dinner once expecting the same but it was actually great. My macaroni and cheese had a nice cracker parmesan crust on it, the sauce was made with real cheese, and the biscuit dumplings were soft, fresh, and very creamy. The pies really take the cake, worth it every time. Pick up a whole one for $18-20 and just tell everyone you made it! Of course if they want more, I guess you're out of luck.
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did. Something about stopping for pie at a stop in the middle of nowhere seemed appealing. The shop is kitschy. The pies looked great. But, recent reviewers weren't kidding when they said the service was questionable. Believe me when I say, no matter what you do, DO NOT ORDER THE FRIED PICKLES. You'll thank me later.
4	I heard a review that this place was "worth the drive from anywhere" so I decided to take the hour trek up north to find out. I took 2 friends up with me.  It wasn't bad. I liked the touristy feel of the place. I had an apple pie. I loved it. The server was pushing this Jack Daniels pie and I asked for a sample. She brought out an entire slice. She also brought out another slice of apple pie to our table. I thought the service was nice. Everyone was very friendly and treated us good.  My buddy got some coffee which he hated. The server came over and said they coffee hadn't been brewed in a while and apologized and gave him a fresh cup. We went to the general store place next door and checked that out. They had free samples of everything in the store. The fruits and vegetables were fresh and tasted amazing. The guy gave us everything from tomatoes to peaches to salsa to sample. I bought a jar of salsa and my friend loved the apple butter so she bought a jar of that. I'd say overall this place is pretty cool. I wouldn't drive up there again just for the pie but whenever I go to Flag or Prescott I will pull over and have a pie.
4	3.5 stars. Can't really fathom coming home from up north without putting off re-entry to the blazing heat by stopping for a piece of pie! Service is generally slow and the food is fairly average but the ambiance and the opportunity for pie with delicious crumb topping bring home the extra half star!
3	food is ok - pies are great!
1	If you're in search of food, keep driving.  If you're in search of pie, drive to the Pie Hole in Phoenix.  I used to go to Rock Springs Cafe on a monthly basis with my grandparents when I was younger.  That was our thing - taking a Sunday drive and stopping by RSC on our way back home to grab food and a piece of  "Penny's Pies".   Penny was the gal that used to make all the pies in Black Canyon City.  I learned while we were waiting for our table that there are new owners, and oh my how things have changed.  From the appearance and layout to more importantly - the quality of the food.   Keep on drivin' if you're hungry and in this neck of the woods.  J, Baby C, and I stopped by Rock Springs to get an early supper on Sunday after a day trip up north.  I told him about how good the pies were and the food was in general.  He was on board when it came time to figure out what we were doing for supper.   J ordered the meatloaf dinner and I ordered the chicken.  Our plan was to feed Baby C off of both our plates.  Good idea in theory.  When we ordered, I stated I wanted a baked potato (which was on the menu) and the gal said that they don't serve baked potatoes until after 5pm.  Ummm...Its Sunday and a holiday weekend.  If one was going to sell a baked potato, 4pm on a Sunday would be the right time.  No where on the menu did it state that baked potatoes weren't available until after 5pm.  J gets the soup (chowder) and I get a side salad.  You really cant screw up either of those.  J said his soup was pretty good.  Our dinner comes out a few minutes later.  We were shocked to say the least.  We both dig in and J immediately is repulsed.  His meatloaf was lukewarm, greasy, and the gravy on top was congealed.  GAG.  My chicken was more like a Cornish game hen.  See photo for the worlds smallest chicken leg.  It looked more like a drumette, you know, the kind you'd get with an order of chicken wings.  The vegetables that came with out dinners, a half ear of waterlogged field corn.  An ear of corn (a bad ear at that) hardly constitutes as "vegetables".  I was thinking we'd get green beans, peas, carrots, or something.  The waitress came by and saw J was not pleased.  So she took his plate and asked if he wanted anything else. I told him to skip the regular food and to just get a piece of pie.  If he was hungry, we could get him something at the outlets in Anthem (which was where we were stopping by on our way home).  J liked this idea and ordered a slice of banana cream pie.  When the pie came out, he took a few bites and that was it.  He said it tasted like imitation banana and was not cold, but slightly warm.  I seriously doubt this was a true "Penny's Pie".  More like a bad knockoff.    The only positive thing out of the whole trip was the waitress took his dinner and pie off our bill, without us having to ask or talk to a manager.  We stopped by the general store, but the guy there didn't seem interested in helping us.  Or at least helping me.  But yet he yacked it up with J for a minute.  When I walked over to the counter to try a sample he was pushing J, did he acknowledge me?  Nope.  So we left.And we wont be returning.  If we're out for a drive, and are in need of food...we'll drive to Anthem.  And - If you really want a GOOD (more like AWESOME) piece of homemade pie, go to The Pie Hole in Phoenix.  :)
2	Had to see what everyone was raving about, so the wife and I went there on September 3rd, 2013.  Overall it looked on the inside as it appears on the outside - rustic.  Cafe was seat yourself, so we picked a table and prepared to be amazed.  We both ordered the fried chicken dinner.  It could have been a bad day, but our chicken could've been mistaken for a parakeet!!   At almost 13 bucks each, we expected a decent sized portion, somewhat akin to the size of the chicken at Golden Corral.  These looked like they walked to the cafe and died of exhaustion.  They were cooked so crunchy that they almost completely disintegrated with every bite.  OK, but the place is known for pies, lets try a baked good.  Took home two cinnamon rolls at $2.50 each.  I've had better, a lot better, at Cinnabon.  Sorry we stopped and won't be back.
5	My husband and I had heard the pies are amazing so we decided to pick up a rhubarb crumb pie to take home.  When I walked over to the pie case they all looked amazing! I love a lightly baked pie (no brown or burned spots) with plenty of crumb topping and that's what I saw.  I then I saw a sugar free apple crumb (I'm pretty sure just the filling is sugar free, but that's fine) and decided to try this option too.  Both were AMAZING!!! I have a serious sweet tooth and desert is my thing and these did not disappoint.
4	I went north from Phoenix looking for a spot to meet a friend who was coming from the north.  I hadn't been to Black Canyon City in years and we needed a spot to grab a bite.  Rock Springs Cafe was the place we agreed upon.Inside was a great little desert establishment with a full saloon on the south end of the building, general store and bakery in the middle section, and home style restaurant on the north end.The service was friendly and helpful.  Our server greeted us with a smile and a joke.  Asking her for suggestions was easy because she gave what i believed to be honest answers on what to eat.The plates came piled high with delicious food.  Everything tasted wonderful.  Sausage seemed homemade and potatoes cooked to perfection.The best part of the meal (if you could single one out) was the fabulously tart mixed berry pie.RSC&GS will see me again!I must have gotten there on a Good Day and likewise, Monica O must have been there on a Bad Day . . . i hope you give it another try!
3	I do love stopping here for pie after I've earned it doing a nice hike in Flagstaff or Sedona.  There's an appropriate amount of kitch and southwestern flair to make Rock Springs feel like a western town, rather than a stop with a pie store off the I-17...sort of like an independent Cracker Barrel, just with fewer items in the general store.  The pie is good.  Maybe not good enough to go out of your way, but worth stopping for.  You have about a 50/50 chance of actually get your pie warm when you order it "warm with ice cream."   Similarly, you have about a 50/50 chance of your server being warm and bubbly, like you'd expect in a country store; or dejected and sour, like you'd expect in a tiny store in the country.
4	It just goes to show that you can be out in the middle of nowhere and people can come and find you. On our way to a trip to Sedona, we stopped in here for brunch and it was the perfect place to take a break on the drive over. We were only a few people behind in line, but it was dangerous as it gave us time to gaze around the store and check out the amazing looking pies and sweets. Luckily, we were seated and I ordered the Kitchen Sink. It was a 3 Egg Omelet & sausage, bacon, ham, with onions, mushrooms, peppers, cheese, diced tomato & sour cream. It was very filling and delicious. Our waitress was attentive and friendly, and the prices were reasonable. I was so stuffed that I forgot to take a pie with me!
2	Came here last night once again for karaoke with my wife and our friend Kathy R. We got there early so we could have a leisurely dinner before karaoke. The saloon wasn't that crowded like two weeks ago yet the service was much slower. We couldn't help noticing two women were seated after we arrived and were immediately given menus while we were still waiting on someone to come take our order.  After waiting some more a gal took our drink orders.  More waiting they were finally delivered to our table. Not long after we got our drinks our waiter came over and took our food order. We all got a hamburger, salad and a small bowl of clam chowder.To our surprise everything came out all at once. We were not expecting this at all. We even mentioned how disappointed that our food arrived all at once because some of it will get cold by the time were ready to eat it. This complaint seemed to go on deaf ears.  This being said the burgers were good. Nothing to write home about just good.My wife Carol and Kathy ordered a slice of pie for desert. Carol got he coconut cream pie which she enjoyed. Kathy got the mixed berry pie. She thought it was way to sweet. In fact a few of our friends joined us later one ordered the cherry pie. She commented how over powering sweet it was and didn't finish it.Another thing to note was no one cleared our plates after dinner. They were piling up. We were constantly moving them to make room at our table. After a while the  people seated next to us finished their meal so we bused our own table and took everything to where they were seated. Later since we stayed for karaoke we ordered potato skins appetizer . They were greasy tasting (I mean how greasy) so we won't be getting them again. YICK!FOOD:  The food was just "ok". Nothing remarkable at all. I expected more e considering the small sample I had on my first of Kathy R's burger.  PRICE: Reasonable. SERVICE:  The service was much slower this time around.  AMBIANCE: An 1800's old western bar. CONCLUSION:  I'm still willing to go back even though I this visit was below my expectations. RETURN  FACTOR: 90%************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
3	We were heading up to the Sedona/Verde Valley Pride on Saturday morning and Rock Springs Cafe was our lunch destination. But really, we were going for the pie.I ordered the mac & cheese because it has bacon in it. Naturally. James ordered the pulled pork and Debbie the cob salad. Oddly enough, the salad was more expensive than James's and mine meals. They both thought the food was good. Mediocre mac and cheese. There was a good amount of bacon in it, but more green Chile would have been nice. I guess since I've made mac and cheese from scratch and gotten it down, it's hard to compare. But the Jack Daniel's pecan pie was sublime!
2	I have driven past this place my entire life and decided to finally visit it. Lets say this place has so much potential but only managed to disappoint. Based on the restaurant side the service was absolutely horrible. By this I mean I ordered a hamburger but didn't get lettuce or tomato with it. Lets just say the only time the serve came back was to give me the check. This is a shame. The meat on the burger tasted so good but a lack of attention really ruins this place. Mason jars to drink out of is a really cool concept. Yet being given frozen fries is quite disappointing.Now time for the pie. This is what rock springs is known for. While I was there I had the opportunity to try two. The apple crumble was ok. The crumble part of the pie was awesome but the apple part was over powered by nut meg. However, the peach pie was the best slice of pie I ever had. The crust is sooo good!In summary, if I really want pie I will come here to try all the types, but in most cases I will keep driving by.
2	Before I start, we got there around 4:00 pm after spending a long morning at the Grand Canyon - I had high expectations after seeing friends visit over the years.Parking was challenging.The hostess asked me if we were there for lunch or dinner ... lunch?  Really?  It's 4:30.  It was a party of 7 so we got sat in the dark saloon after walking through the shop.  There was a hand full of people inside.  Why so many cars?Found out there was a wedding that day and filled up the lot.  Not sure if that was the designated parking area for that - but, yeah ... events should have separate parking.Food was so-so.  Pies were fine.  Two kids, Five adults, 4 pies - $135.  I'm sad I spent over $20/person after tip when there are so many other great places to eat for less.Then, I found out the cafe on the other side of the restaurant had all these people there.  We were mostly Asian and I don't want to play the race card ... but it just felt that way.I won't be going back.
2	Went Friday afternoon to get the pie I had heard was so good. I got a little leary when I noticed the crust didn't look fresh baked (all the same like frozen). I saw pies on a baking rack and felt reassured they were baked at the restaurant. Waited by the bakery case for some time till we decided to get in the checkout line since no one noticed us.   Plenty passed by. No smiles anywhere. Foodies this pie is not for you. I got the mixed berry crumb. The crust was more crumy than flakey. The filling tasted over sweet, over gellatenous. The crumb topping was tasteless not buttery as it should.Overall it was not horrible; just not great. I'd say just below frozen Marie Callendars. If you are expecting hand crafted made with love pie drive on to downtown Phoenix and visit Lolas.
2	We went out with the Central AZ Jeepers the other night to do a night run of the Maggie Mine Trail.  The plan was to start up at Bumble Bee, come south to Black Canyon City, then finish at Rock Springs Cafe for dinner and pie.First I have to mention we had a party of over 20 Jeeps and the trail is mostly visible from 17---we must have looked so cool, snaking along the mountain, our chair of headlights glowing in the night.  So if anyone took video...So I was looking forward to Rock Springs Cafe.  We have driven past it a million times, but for one reason or another, never got the chance to stop in.  Finally!Our organizer, Cheri, had fixed it up with the Cafe that they were going to get invaded by 30-some Jeepers, so there was seating when we got there.  Parking, not so much.  They were having some sort of party at an outdoor venue down below---it looked fun.  Good music!We were with DS and DSGF and they decided they were just going to hang out in the parking lot and listen to the music, because sometimes teenagers are weird.  But that put the kibbosh on a relaxing meal followed with pie, so I can't comment on the food.  But I insisted DH and I go in for some of that famous pie and coffee.It took a bit to get some service, but we had walked in with thirty-odd people, so no dings for that.  The coffee was good!  Hot and fresh!  I ordered the coconut meringue pie and DH ordered the JD pecan pie.  My pie was a mile high, had a good coconut flavor but was a tad sweet for my taste.  But I don't like super-sweet stuff.  I tend to cut back on the required sugar when I make desserts.  But it was very good.  Someone commented in another review they thought the crust was store-bought.  Maybe.  DH liked his bite of my pie.I liked DH's pecan pie.  DH liked it, but he said mine is better.  (I make mine with chocolate chips and kahlua---go big or go home!)  It took about 10 minutes to get our server's attention to get our check, which came to about $12 for two slices of pie and a cup of coffee.  She muttered something at us when she gave us the ticket---I didn't quite catch it.  So after about five minutes of sitting at the table waiting for her to come back, we took the ticket and cc and went to the gift shop to pay.  We stood there for several minutes waiting for someone and then a girl showed up and said: oh, no, you don't pay here, you have to pay your server.  (Oh, that must have been what the server was telling us!)  So we went back in to the counter and found our server.  She took our ticket and the cc, and then started messing around on the POS and I swear we stood there for ANOTHER seven or eight minutes while she entered some orders and helped another server with a question.  Then she took our money.  So, basically, we spent more time trying to pay our bill than eating our pie!  LOL!So, it was an okay experience.  I'd probably go back if there was a group vote to do so, but I don't think DH and I would stop on our own volition.  I liked DH's pie better than mine and he liked mine better than his, but we both agreed that the cup of coffee we shared was very good.  Definitely, management could do a better job on customer service.  But you see a lot of this: management thinks they are "saving money" by not having enough staff to take care of customers graciously and with efficiency, and then people stop coming because of the inadequate service.  Such is the way of the world!
1	Arrived today at 8:30a today hoping for a good hot breakfast.  My husband ordered the biscuits and gravy.  The biscuits were hard as a rock and cold except for the area covered by gravy.  I orderd the egg white omelete with sourdough bread toast.  The omelete was under cooked and runny as well as the sourdough bread toast was also rock hard.  My sourdough toast would have been better served cut up as croutons.  My son ordered the Big Sky combo with pancakes.  The only eatable item was the pancakes.  The eggs were ordered over medium sunny side up but arrived scrambled.  The bacon had obviously been cooked several days earlier and reheated as it was dry and cold.This was our first and last time we will eat at this over rated resturant.  We absolutely will not recommend this place to anyone.
5	Really good pie and really good service! I recommend the Jack Daniels pecan pie, but I've had some of the other pies before and they're all really good!
3	I've been to Rock Springs many times over the years.  It was always a great stop on the way from Flagstaff to Phoenix, so you get home with a full tummy and feel like you've finished off the long weekend vacation just right.This time was a little different.  We got there too early for fried chicken so I had to be satisfied with some great pancakes, springy and fluffy.  Thumbs up.The parking lot has been paved and the storefront fixed up a bit, so it looks a little more appealing.The huge disappointment came when I got home with a $19 pie that had a soggy crust and scant filling that tasted chemically and worse than jarred fruit.  Took it to a dinner party and we were all dismayed and put off.No more Penny's Pies, no more mile-high apple pies.  No more stopping at Rock Springs.Amendment: called them this morning to let them know and they offered a credit. Will give them another try. Said they've been having oven problems.
2	They have the MOST amazing pies I've ever had.  Their breakfast was delicious and reasonably priced.  The biscuit and gravy was unbelievable!  But, unfortunately, the service leaves little to be desired.  There were literally five empty tables on a busy Saturday morning and we were told there was a 25 minutes wait?  We were pinched for time so we ended up sitting at the bar.  It took good 10 minutes before we finally got a menu (we had to ask twice for it).  We were never once asked if we were okay and if we needed anything else.  We had to wait five minutes before finally getting our silverware after being served our breakfast.   All the staff were discourteous and impatient.  I think I'll just get pie to go next time I come here.
4	We love stopping here for breakfast before heading up north. The biscuits and gravy are delicious and the amount is enough for two people! Grabbing a whole pie from here is worth it too. They have some of the best I've tasted.
1	Have just stood in line to pick up a pie for Thanksgiving for 1 hour 20 minutes - only to be told they don't have my order. But my bank card was charged. Utter shambles - horrible, terrible customer service from truly clueless staff. Nice people, but totally in over their heads. Going to add a picture of all the people waiting for their pies - truly a comedy. Gt it together Rock Springs Cafe!!
5	Love this place!!! Breakfast is always a hearty meal when you dine here. Yesterday, I went to pick up the famous Jack Daniels Pecan Pie for our Thanksgiving meal! I look forward to this every year! The pickup process is always very organized and convenient! Staff is very friendly on this busy day! The pies from Rock springs are a must try!!!
2	Mediocre food. Good foods prices.Tolerable drinks.Okay drink prices. Horrible service.Good pies.More horrible service.If it is on the way, then sure, stop by. But never go out of your way to go here.
3	Cute place with hit or miss food and service.  Very good pulled pork bbq sandwich but promised spicy bbq sauce was not spicy at all.  Waitress brought our food out late and fries were cooled down. She also never brought my Hubby's beer he ordered but didn't forget to charge him for it.  We pre-ordered pies for thanksgiving and were a little dismayed with the long long line to pick them up. (1/2hr. + wasted on a busy day)  The pumpkin pie was very very skimpy/thin and nothing special about it at all.  The blackberry crumb topped pie was excellent, a stand out!  Their  Jack Daniels pecan pie was very good-not too too sweet-but we didn't get any bourbon/whiskey taste in it that we expected.
5	Best chili ever! The corn bread muffin was delicious and try the Tennessee lemon pie.  Unassuming little spot that you would never guess had such good food and pies.  Looked like it had a fair amount of locals as well.
5	Best sandwich I've ever had was thier Wild turkey sandwich, the delicious bread really brings out the yumminess of the turkey,  and exceptional service in the bar from an amazing waitress named Alicia,  she is so sweet and courteous.  Great place to grab a quick bite to eat if heading up north or headed south  to phx :)
1	If there were any less stars that we could provide I would certainly give them that. We have been going here for the 4 years and have taken many friends, however our experience tonight was the last. I would have rather gone to Jack in the Box. We ordered potato skins as an appetizer and took one bite and look at my palm and there was a clump of grease on my palm. Our server got our orders wrong and by the time it was corrected we were ready to leave. We ordered a hot dog for a child and the hot dog looked several weeks old, stale and looked like they threw it in the microwave to heat up. The tortilla shells just crumbled and our sandwiches tasted like the bread was a week old, dry and hard. Our beverages were never refilled and we had to take them to the counter to get them refilled. We waited for an extra half hour to get our check and finally got it and then waited another half hour to get our server to come get it and that is after we went to the cashiers and tried to pay our check which she refused and said the server had to take care of it. We finally asked to speak to a manager and that was about the same result. Waited for 20 minutes and finally got disgusted and walked out. There were 6 of us and we will never be back. I am a travel agent always looking for great places to recommend to my clients and this certainly will NOT be one of them. I think they feel too comfortable with having people stop in all the time that they have lost their service and certainly their quality in food. Close the place down and everyone get a real job. Their pies are fairly good but about like Marie Callendar's and for half the price.
3	Five stars for the pie.Three stars for the service when I was there for lunch with my dad, which is what this check in was for. He'd brought his dog with on his visit to see me, so we had to sit outside. The outdoor seating area was filthy and our server rarely came out to see us. The food was wonderful, but that only partially makes up for the state of where we ate.
4	The Husband and I stopped here on our way to Flagstaff a couple days ago...mainly to use their facilities, but then also to get some pie to go. The service here, as others have said, is not good. There is an area for pie slices, but no one was working there, so I went and stood in another line to ask and after waiting 10-15 min I got to the front and someone was now working the pie slice counter...was told to go over there and had to wait again, get my slice, and bring it back over to the first lady to pay....kind of ridiculous. Anyway, we got the jack daniel pecan pie and didn't eat it for a couple days. When we ate it, it was very tasty, the pecans were toasty and the crust was flaky. I wouldn't make a special trip out here to have it, but I was a fan and may get another slice on future trips up that way.
4	Huge portions, good decent food--but it's the pies they are famous for.  I had the pecan, son had the lemon  and both were good.  I did notice it tastes as if butter is in the crust just like Mama made, and Mama was a champeeeen pie maker.  If she were alive today she would approve!This is a cute, little place on the way to Prescott, and since I had always wanted to go to Hogs 'N Heat and never made it, we decided to eat here.OK, 2 meals with one drink and 2 pies later with 1 coffee the bill came to $50!  Yikes!  This is my only complaint there and that it's ridiculously pricey for the place.  Would I go again?  Probably but I would watch what I order next time and try and stay under $30.  It isn't that's I'm poor, it's because I think that the total amount is way too costly for 1. the place and 2. the food we ordered which was rather commonplace.Hogs 'N Heat is $12 I think which is a much better deal than ordering a la carte like we did.Good food and too much of it really (not that we didn't eat it all but that was it for the entire day), great service from our waitress but a little too pricey really for where it is at.  Just say'n.Note:  They do have fried pickles there which puts it into the excellent category for me...LOL!
4	Weekend with my sister, who was visiting from NYC. We spent the weekend in Sedona/Jerome and were making dinner for a small group of us Sunday evening.Dessert was the easiest part of dinner to figure out - stop at Rock Springs and get pie! We picked up the Jack Daniels Pecan pie and the Peach pie. We were curious about the Tennessee Lemon - but the staff we spoke with were clearly not lemon fans and two of the three made "bitter lemon" face and mentioned it was really tart. Sadly, without taking the extra time to sit and try a slice, they didn't make samples available - so we did the peach instead. (Lemon, you're on my list!)Both pies were fantastic (as always) and my sister got a huge kick out of the slice of Americana that is Rock Springs Cafe.Yes, they do more than pie. And all the food is fresh, tasty and good portions at fair prices. While we didn't eat on this pass through, I've eaten there several times in years past, and each experience has met or exceeded expectations.But really, it's all about the pie! And grabbing one on my way back down the mountain from various adventures north is generally on my list of things to do. Definitely worth the stop!
1	We stopped here on Saturday night this past weekend 2/1/14. (mistake #1)  They are supposed to have a good menu and great pie. NO - they don't. It's not worth the fuel to get off the highway. They had some kind of special going on called "Hogs-N-Heat" all  you can eat BBQ event  but, the children that they call staff were totally clueless as to what was being served or how.  We actually looked in the dining room and didn't see any kind of buffet. The "children" said they "think" it's pulled pork, ribs, chicken, etc. Never did they say it wasn't in the dining room. They looked at us like we were from Mars.  We actually asked them if they were sure they worked at the place.  They said yes, between giggles.So, we shopped around a few minutes and let them seat us.  MISTAKE #2.The "Hogs-N-Heat" , according to the waitress, was actually turned out to be an outdoor event that was shutting down outside and below the restaurant.  The staff up front couldn't manage to grasp the simplest details about the event (which was posted on a HUGE sign at the front door). The food was, in a word... nasty. We both got pulled pork sandwiches.  It was put on a hanmburger bun that was soggy... and not from the BBQ sauce. There was so little of sauce that we had to ask for a side for each of us.  We have better pulled pork from a packaged spices package in a crock pot at home.  The fries were cold and had been sitting.   Blueberry pie was HORRIBLE.  Soggy crust, canned filling, OLD - probably sitting around for a week. The "Pecan Pie" was no better than a cheap Wal-mart pie. Perhaps, once up on a time, this place had good pies and good food. Now, they are resting on their history. Having 22 kinds of pie does not make you special if they all are horrible. Having a cute cafe in the foot hills makes no sense if the food is no better than the worst cafe in any big city.NEVER again. - they should just sell this place and let someone do it justice.
5	Best breakfast place ever! It is always crowded here though so you might have to wait but it is worth it. It's an old school western cafe with a very kitschy decor and that just adds to the appeal. They are famous for their pies but I love the breakfast. Omelettes are delicious and the chicken fried steak is perfectly seasoned and crisp. Oh - and finally a place that knows how to baste an egg! Staff is friendly and efficient. If you are in need of some good grub this is your place!
2	I have been here three times now and each time has been rather disappointing. The first time, they didn't have any pies. How a place known for pies can run out of pies is just baffling. Plus, the entire time I was trying to purchase a non-existent pie, the employees were running around and acting like there was pie but no.  This should have been a warning of how things were to be...The second time, we decided to stay for dinner. The wait for dinner was around 25 minutes. Normally, I can understand a wait time like that if the place is packed but from the looks of it, it was dead inside. (It was 8pm on a Saturday.) My father was with me and he hates waiting so I knew this was going to be painful. When we were finally seated, our waitress was really nice but my dad was still grumbling over the wait time. I don't even remember what my father ordered, but my husband and I decided to split the ribeye. Definitely nothing to write home about - it was thin and fatty. My husband ate most of it, as I was saving room for pie. My dad ordered blueberry pie with a cup of coffee, I ordered the mixed berry pie with a cup of coffee and my husband ordered pecan pie. We all ordered our pies a la mode. My dad has been on a strict diet so this was his first slice of pie in a long time and it was gone in the blink of an eye. I originally intended to order pecan pie (as it is my favorite) but I went with mixed berry because it is my second favorite and knew my husband would let me have a taste of his pecan pie. After a few bites of my mixed berry, I was wishing I ordered pecan. It was good, but very gelatinous and less actual fruit. The pecan pie on the other hand was rather good. (Not the best, but better than others.) Overall, the only highlight of the entire evening was the pie. After learning my lesson from my first trip, I placed an order online for a Jack Daniel's Pecan Pie and Chocolate Cream Pie for Christmas. When ordering, you can say what date/time you want to pick up your order. I said "9am, Tuesday 12/24" and received my confirmation email. I waited anxiously as the week went by because I was really looking forward to surprising my in-laws with Chocolate Cream Pie (one of their favorites). When the day finally came, I arrived at 9:45am thinking to give them some leeway to have the pie ready. When I arrived, we were the first in line. I told the girl (let's call her "A") behind the counter that I was here to pick-up my online order. "A" shuffled through a pile of papers, didn't find what she was looking for, and said she'd be back. While "A" was off looking for my order, she got interrupted several times and eventually came back with no pie. "A" asked me if another employee brought me the pie. I told her no, I thought she was. "A" said she asked someone else to and when a second employee (let's call her "B") showed up, "A" asked "B". Nope. "B" wandered off to help the next customer in line. Flummoxed, "A" went off to search again and brought me a pecan pie. She said she was still trying to find my chocolate cream. While I was waiting, "B" came back asking the next customer in line if he would accept a cherry crumb pie instead of just cherry (which he ordered). The guy refused, saying he wanted what he ordered. This happened two more times before the guy finally relented and took the incorrect pie. At this point, it's been around 20 minutes. "A" came back telling me that my chocolate cream pie wouldn't be ready for another 30 minutes because they were just now making the pie. I said that it should have been ready at 9am, but she told me they were just now making it. I said I didn't want to wait around for another 30 minutes for a pie that should have been ready over an hour and a half ago. She informed me that they had banana cream pies available and my husband interjected that no one likes banana cream and were expecting chocolate cream. "A" just looked at us and I asked for a refund. She told me that "B" would have to return my money. So I waited... and waited. Finally, 15 minutes later "B" showed up and started helping the next customer in line. Another 5 minutes go by and she turns to me and asks what I needed. I told her the situation and she finally refunded my money. We spent almost an hour trying to pick-up pies that should have been ready by the time we arrived. My husband and I left but in a sour mood. The whole experience was terrible. Every employee was running around like Chicken Little and unable to figure out what was going on. They were unable to help customers in the correct order or even try to smooth things over. From my three experiences here, this seems normal and like they need better training or a better setup to meet the obvious demands for pie. To top things off, the pie is just mediocre. It's good, definitely not the best, but for the amount stress, the pie isn't worth it! I will definitely not be back.
5	People are so friendly!  A good mix of locals and tourist.  Famous for pies for a reason!!!!
5	Tennessee......Lemon Custard......Pie.......enough said. However I am sure there is a PIE choice you will find to your satisfaction as well at this SLICE of heaven in Rock Springs Arizona. Now for those of you not familiar with this location.....well you have truly missed out on one the WORLD's truly hidden gems when it comes to homemade PIES. There is a bar and cafe/restaurant along with a gift shop.....but the true prize here are the PIES. Now it can be quite a trek from the valley.....I live in the Paradise valley and it takes about 40 minutes to drive to Rock Springs. So with that being said I recommend only going if say your going to the Anthem Outlets on I-17 North or maybe heading up to Sedona.....Cottonwood.....Jerome....Clarksdale....Flagstaff area. You can't really miss it once you pass the Outlet mall however here is a very good tip just in case you do. It literally sits on the border between Maricopa County and Yavapai County.....if you pass the sign for Yavapai county and have not seen Rock Springs yet......you have probably gone to far.....just keep that in mind. Now go and get that PIE and remember to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!NOTE: Just wanted to provide an update on how to find this hidden gem.....again when you heading out of the valley going North on I-17......look for exit 242 as you pass the Anthem Outlets and you will be in PIE CENTRAL.....wohoooo!!!!!! Hope this helped ya!!!
5	This is the kind of independent country place we all need to get behind and support if we don't want the entire landscape consisting of the big chain restaurants.
4	Good food but amazing pies!!!  We shared the apple, cherry, chocolate cream and the JD pecan (my favorite).
5	Can't say anything about anything else here...but the blackberry pie. It is the best pie I have ever had.
1	The welcome at Rock Springs is a billboard with a sexual innuendo.  Strike one.  This is the second time we have been here and were hoping maybe the first time was an off day.  We only came for pie and coffee.  I had the cherry and my husband had the cherry crumb.  I could only gag down two bites.  It tasted like maraschino cherries in a cornstarch gluey sauce.  I know now why they call this Rock Springs.  The pie crust is rock hard.  Nothing at all flaky about it.  We watched the greasy food coming out of the serving window.  Also, watched a couple prod and poke at their hamburgers and eat very little.  While we were pushing our pies around the plate and drinking our tea and coffee, we watched a waitress drop a fork on the floor, pick it up and throw it up on the counter near the clean coffee mugs.  That did it for me.  Check please.  If you never had a homemade pie and are used to store bought, this might be the place for you although a step down.  I can't see what all the rave is about. Won't be back.
5	OMG!!!!  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Best pies, best food, best service.  This place has it all and charm to boot.  It is a regular stop of ours when we go out of town, sometimes just for pie and sometimes for a whole meal and pie (of course).  They have a nice little bakery too, plus a fun little shop with things to buy.  Outside on both side there are cute little shops too.  This place is definitely worth a visit!
5	Came here for breakfast years ago and really liked it. My brother said their lunch was good so we stopped in for dinner. I had the pulled pork Reuben, sounded interesting, tasted AMAZING!!! Definitely a great stop between the Verde and phoenix!
2	Only reason they get two stars is because their pies are great. Terrible service and don't have enough people working so it takes half an hour to get anyone to even acknowledge that you are waiting.
4	Had always heard about this place and was driving down the 17 back to Scottsdale so I decided to stop. I will say I've had better pie but it was still delicious. If you're ever on the 17 near black canyon city and you're hungry I would stop for sure. I didn't have a meal but the place was packed.
5	Awesome food! Burgers are really good. Southwestern Mac and Cheese was too die for. Friendly staff and really cool lay out.
2	For all the hype and advertising I saw, I was disappointed in what I actually experienced. When I walked in to order a slice of pie, the girl behind the counter was dashing around and didn't acknowledge I was there. I looked over and another girl was leaning against the wall staring at me. I couldn't tell if she worked there (since she was in regular clothes without a name tag or anything). So I asked and she said yes. Awkward.I ordered the apple pie a la mode. It tasted good but was not that impressive. It tasted exactly like a pie I could have bought at Safeway (for much cheaper). It wasn't bad, just didn't measure up the hype and was not unique or noteworthy. It tasted more like something whipped up in a commercial kitchen than something homemade. My friend who came with me agreed and said the same. Interesting place but definitely overhyped.
4	My review is on the Pie Only...Stopped into Rock Springs Cafe to pick up a pie on the way to a weekend getaway to Prescott.  We've passed by many times while traveling on the 17 and we've always wanted to stop in for pie, or pick one up to-go.  This time we finally stopped in.  We purchased a Jack Daniels Pecan Pie, though they have soooo... many it was hard to choose.  This purchase was outstanding, as we enjoyed this pie ALL WEEKEND.My Husband now says we have to stop in EVERY time we pass it, no matter what, it was that good.  The fillings was decadent with a soft inside and crunchy topping.  My only suggestion is maybe they could add a chocolate pecan pie to their options.  I think chocolate would put this over the top.... just my thought.  A dessert isn't complete without chocolate...Anyway, we will surely be back and try some of the other pie varieties... looking forward to it!
5	We've driven past this place several times.  Decided to stop tonight. Glad we did. Picked up a banana cream pie and a blackberry crumble to take homeThe place was extremely busy and still got helped by a couple employeesThe pies are on point.  The blackberry crumble is AWESOMEnext time you are around...you should stop
4	This place is an adorable stopping point along the 17.  I love the Farmer's Market next door.  Their honey is excellent!  Pies are good, cookies are great, food is decent too.  Fun atmosphere and a good little pit stop.
4	If you're ever on black canyon freeway you have to stop at this little place.  They make the best pies in Arizona and are known for them.  The Jack Daniels pie is the winner in my book.  Order the entire pie and take it home to indulge in it until it's completely gone.
4	Oh the pie here is so yummy!!! The service was very slow but sometimes its nice to just relax, so as long as u don't have any impending appointments this place us great!  Love the kitschy giftshop and old fashioned bar :)
1	Stopped for lunch.  Service and food are not  good.  I had the ham and cheese melt.  Bread wasn't toasted and soggy, fries were burnt.  Husband had the crispy chicken sandwich- not worth $10.  Bread was hard and not fresh, fries were burnt also.  We split a slice banana cream pie.  It was okay but nothing about it taste homemade.  As we left I heard they were under new management and I'm wondering if this is why it's going downhill?  Kinda sad as we like to support the locals.
1	Today this cafe suck for customer service.. The wait staff is clueless on the customer experience. The food is okay but there better choices up the road.
1	Ok.......the past few times we've been here, the service and food was good.......however, this morning, all was horrible. Were we in an alternate Universe? First of all, we were completely ignored while standing & waiting to be seated.  After several minutes my boyfriend asked if we could be seated, (there were several empty tables & booths.). The young waitress rudely replied, "yeah."  We continued to wait. Several minutes later another employee told us, and another couple also waiting, "We have a party of 25 to seat and if there's any tables left, we'll seat you!" Whaaat???? Needless to say, we and the other couple left. Rude with a total lack of basic customer service is being nice!
3	You will find this is a nice stop for a trip from Flagstaff to Phoenix, or vice versa. It is very refreshing to get off the highway and grab a wonderful piece of pie! Their pie keeps me going back there, they are absolutely delicious. We almost always get one of the crumb pie pieces with ice cream and it is mouthwatering every time! My only complaint is the service. Every single time that we go it is awful. They are really slow and maybe it is because they are understaffed, but you can never be in a hurry when dining here. We went for breakfast once and the server was rude and slow. Also, we have not been a big fan of the food outside of the pies. So, to sum it up: it is a great spot to rest and grab an amazing slice of pie, just be ready to spend an hour there.
4	Good food, great pies, and affordable.  I've been there a few times, primarily for the pie, and was pleasantly surprised how good the food was.  Pies are a tad bit pricy but well worth the drive if you want really good pies.
5	We only stopped to get some pie and were so happy we did. I had cherry and my husband had blueberry crumble and we were in pie heaven. We will definitely come back again in the future.
5	Service at the pie counter was quick. A slice of pie and ice cream cost about $5. The mixed berry crumb is to die for! The portion was huge. I've always wanted to stop here and I'm so glad we finally did. I also loved all of the funky decorations.
1	Stop there about a year ago food was so bad could not eat it, I had the all you can eat ribs, all can eat fatty tasteless ribs is what I got wife got something just as bad can't remember what see got.                               The pies where great until I bought the last one a chocolate cream pie not up to par Walmart could have beat them that day but the pecan pie was awesome the last time I had it, will try the pie again not the cafe.
5	Looks like it might be hit or miss but the two times I've been there, the food, pies and service were very good.  Yesterday we stopped on the way back from Flagstaff and tried the honey fried chicken.  You get 1/2 a chicken and it was steaming hot and moist with super crispy skin/coating.  The waitress suggested the mashed potatoes with white gravy and they were spot on.  Tried the Tennessee Lemon pie and it was great.  We had great service and it was fast and this was at suppertime.  We only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table.  I do think they should have another person on duty as the women in the store area were looking rushed and frazzled.
4	A must stop on any ride home from up north. The pies are to die for and the food is delish. Ordered the hot dog and it was super yummy. Right amount of "stuff" on my dog and lots of AZ history here. Service isn't super quick here but worth the wait.
5	This place is a staple of I-17, or Arizona for that matter. They have the best pie I've had for decades! So far I've tried the chocolate pie l, key lime, cherry, blackberry, jack Daniels pecan, and a couple others I'm forgetting I'm sure and have yet to be disappointed! This is a definite must see and eat destination if you're new to the Phoenix area!
1	Worst service ever. I stopped for a piece of pie on my way back to phoenix from a business trip this afternoon. The employees barely acknowledged my presence. They were way more interested in their cell phones than helping customers. My waitress never once smiled, never said thank you, never gave a single sign of friendliness. If the manager is reading, my receipt says Somar L - but all the employees were equally rude to me and the two other tables of customers.
5	Some of the best pie in the state! We make a special effort to visit whenever we take a trip down to Phoenix, specifically for one pie: their Jack Daniel's pecan pie. You may have seen it featured on TLC's "Best Food Ever," and man, is that a great label or what.Their regular pecan pie is amazing, but the JD pie has a hint of spice in it as well, and it's absolutely worth the slightly higher price. I can't recommend it enough!
2	Mediocre food.  Not impressed.  More than half the tables were unoccupied (seriously, no exaggeration), yet there was a 20 minute wait.  I was baffled waiting and staring at empty tables.  Too few servers?  Hire more.  The place was packed.Regarding staff:  rough looking crowd, multiple mistakes.On the up side, killer pies.  My recommendation:  buy a pie to go.
4	Great pies and a great burger. I had the Bourbon Burger which was pretty darn good. Finished it off with Bourbon Pecan pie alamode! Candice the waitress was awesome and fun!
5	There honey fried chicken was absolutely perfect! the crispiness maintained for over 15 minutes while I  eat the whole plate! So moist, and it was about five minutes from order to at the table during their lunch hour. We seated ourselves in the salon not the cafe, which had a wait the salon did not. The serves was good n the music loud enough to enjoy and still talk.  There onion rings where also done perfect, and there homemade hot sauces were also very tasty but not as hot as I like. I'll also stop in when passing through and visiting my sister who now lives in Anthem now when we come back from TX where we're moving today to.
1	The pie and service is what is being reviewed.  First, the cashier points to the counter exclaiming "put it (the pie) down here now".  Ok.  My partner who carries her service dog in a closed carrier with her is then asked by the owner if the dog is a service dog.  She says yes, he then proceeds to blatantly and loudly ask her for her documentation,  which is illegal.  He then proceeds to tell her to leave.  We do, rhubarb pie in tow.  Already the experience is so that we will not ever come back.  Hopefully the pie is good.  It's not.  I can make a better pie with the dust I swept off the floor and about half the oil and gelatin they put into it.  Never again Rock Springs, never again.
4	I almost hate to alert people to how great this place is, but they deserve it. Not only is the pie fantastic but the restaurant itself is worth stopping in. Good and filling food, but the most spectacular part is the EXCELLENT service -- unpretentious, fast, kind. And, as everyone had already said, delicious pie.
4	This place is absolutely delightful. Our server, whose name I wish I caught, was friendly and attentive to our needs. I ordered the grilled liver onion and bacon. The portion was decent but for those who like big portions you may run into problems; I usually eat a lot so sharing left me hungry. On the upside, it left room for dessert and the rhubarb crumb pie was fantastic. To be fair, I don't have a large frame of reference to compare it to but it was delicious nonetheless. Others in my group had the meatloaf plate and the chicken and waffle dinner. Both were quite pleased with their dinners and decided to share a slice of the banana cream pie as their dinner portions left them closer to full.
5	We heard about this place on the Food Network and it absolutely lived up to its reputation!  The staff was amazingly attentive, happy, and obviously loved what they do! Perfect service! Even on a holiday we got a table in less than ten min! We had barely sat down when one waiter took our order for drinks and brought them immediately after taking our order. The coffee was good and the orange juice was yummy too! And they are not shy on refills either which is refreshing. While we waited for our food we enjoyed the decor and general feel for this charming cafe. The waiters were on top of their game I tell ya! When our food came out is smelled heavenly and was steaming:) I had the pancakes which let me tell you are HUGE! Lol. They were awesome. The rest of my party ordered all different breakfast items and enjoyed everything we ordered. Our waitress was the sweetest thing and made sure before we left that we had all we need and also that we had to go cups with our refreshments! We cannot wait to go back and have lunch and some of their famous pie!!! Till next time Rock Springs! :)
2	The worst fries I've ever had! The best pulled pork Reuben. The banana cream pie needs bananas in it or else it is just a cream pie. The crust was non existent! Overall disappointed dining experience!
3	My mom had heard about this place having the "best pie in Arizona" and wanted to try it, so we made the half hour drive up from Phoenix for lunch.  My lunch (meatloaf sandwich) was okay, but nothing special at all.  I had the Coconut Cream pie and it was very good, but I doubt I'd drive that far for it again.  The gift shop was a huge disappointment.  It was very small and mostly touristy junk that I would never buy.
3	Five stars for the service - our waitress was an expert. We arrived just ahead of the dinner rush but she was great in getting all of the tables around us situated quickly. Fours stars for the pie - I had the rockaboy and he had the mixed berry crumb. Both were fantastic. Two stars for the food - the fried pickle chips were spicy but good. But my chicken and waffle platter had the smallest and hardest pieces of fried chicken I've ever seen. And my poor guy made the mistake of getting the burrito special. Let's just say he's off Mexican food for a while. Overall, go for the pie and quit while you're ahead.
4	They make the best Tennessee Lemon Pie in the country!!  You must try it.Unfortunately they are many miles from home - Sequim, washington
5	Incredible!  Not sure how to say that in any other way, it's a must try!
3	Still good food and pies after many many years...BUT will they ever remodel the grungy bathrooms?? We have lived here for 24 years and they are the same pathetic bathrooms that they were then. A gold mine so why not bring in the Home Depot crew? For those who think the pies are wonderful, you should have seen them decades ago when they were still Penny's pies. The lady who started it all. Homemade crust and real bananas in the banana cream pie (huge disappointment for my husband when that changed).
4	Got the peach pie. It was really good! Expensive though. The place was not crowded at all on a Monday afternoon.  Check out the shops to the right of the store too.
4	Service was fantastic.  Wish I got our waitresses name she was off the hook and on the spot.  I had chix fried steak mash pot and corn.   Second best chix fried steak in AZ (TEXAZ is #1) .  My wife had the fish fry all you can eat.  Nice little place so glad we took the 30 min drive up there and back.  Def would go again, not very close but good for when traveling on I-17 or just a jaunt up the hill for a little bit cooler weather.  We shared chocolate cream pie too, oh my.  Take insulin with you, Im not diabetic but boy I could of used a shot.
1	Worst breakfast I've ever had. Celling fans full blast, cold food when it hit the table, or slow waitresses, or combination of both? Eggs burnt twice. Pancakes over cooked almost burnt. Never again!
4	You're in the vicinity of Black Canyon City. Your pickings are (or at least appear to be) slim. Do you stop at Rock Springs Cafe?Yes, yes you do. A reliable road food stop as long as you avoid the weirder corners of the menu, you can fuel up on a pretty damn tasty breakfast or lunch, wander the farmer's market, and gorge yourself on a delicious if slightly unconventional homemade pie. The pies are huge and the slices are generous.The meringue tends to catch people off guard; it's not the typical airy meringue, but seems to be more of a Swiss meringue with marshmallow creme added. (Per my parents, this is apparently considered a "normal" variation in the Midwest. And I'm sure Paula Deen has heard of it too.) It's wet, it's dense, it's soft, and it's delicious if it doesn't send you into some sort of diabetic coma. If that's not your scene, stick to the fruit pies.If you're headed home, you can grab a whole pie to go. They've got a punch card program for whole pies, too, scoring you a freebie after you buy enough.As the obvious stopping point, it's also a great place to people watch and meet other travelers. Unwind a little and take your chances; that grizzled biker is probably friendlier than you think. (Results not guaranteed.)
4	Stopped in on our way back from Sedona for a couple slices of pie to go. Got the cherry crumb and blueberry. They were both tasty. The cherry was excellent! In the past I have tried banana cream, coconut cream, apple crumb, and peach. I have enjoyed all the pies so far, but banana cream is my favorite!
3	Still good food and pies after many many years...BUT will they ever remodel the grungy bathrooms?? We have lived here for 24 years and they are the same pathetic bathrooms that they were then. A gold mine so why not bring in the Home Depot crew? For those who think the pies are wonderful, you should have seen them decades ago when they were still Penny's pies. The lady who started it all. Homemade crust and real bananas in the banana cream pie (huge disappointment for my husband when that changed).
5	Food is Excellent!  Staff treat you like family!  Will keep coming back... Love this place!
2	Stopped in again for pie this past weekend, but this time we had lunch as well.  Thanks to an accident on the I-17, we popped into Rock Springs Cafe for a reprieve from the traffic.  It took 30+ minutes to be sat, and it was a bit chaotic in there, but it was nice to be off the road.Our service was ok... she was very busy, but managed to get our food out pretty quick.  I had the chicken wrap with chips.  This was so basic it almost hurts.  Literally a tortilla, lettuce, fried chicken, and mayo.  No frills, just standard, so it was OK.  The chips weren't anything special either... I wish I would have gotten the onion rings.  The other people in our party had the pulled pork ruben and weren't thrilled at all with it.  It didn't look good to me.Honestly, just stick to the pie... it's amazing.  I don't think I'll be back for lunch, pending no crazy accidents or traffic on the food to my destination.
4	I ate here with a college friend of mine who lives in the area. My friend had advised that all of the food that he has tried thus far has been excellent, but I should certainly try the burgers and pie.Indeed, the Wrangler burger was cooked correctly at my requested doneness of medium and certainly satisfied. I opted for the onion rings in lieu of the fries, and the rings did not disappoint, either.We shared a slice of the cherry crumb pie, which was also delicious. I particularly liked it because it wasn't overly sweet as is usually the case with diner desserts (or Western desserts in general, really). If you are passing through on I-17 heading southbound towards Phoenix or northbound for the red rocks of Sedona, this diner is certainly a worthy stop.
4	such a cute place & their lunches don't disappoint!  Recommend!
1	Totally bummed to get home with a soggy lemon meringue pie yesterday.  The bottom crust was all gooey.  It was at least 2+ days old.  That's death to a lemon pie.Twenty bucks thrown away.  Ouch.  It's not like I can zip out there from phoenix to get my money back.
4	Passing by we stopped in for a quick slice of pie to fortify us for our continuing journey. Not disappointed, the pie was delicious!
4	Passing by we stopped in for a quick slice of pie to fortify us for our continuing journey. Not disappointed, the pie was delicious! Seriously good Jam and a very keen and friendly owner.
4	Most incredible pie if had, and everyone I went with thought so too. I had the banana cream pie and it was totally worth the money.
4	All we had was pie and all were great. We tried chocolate and coconut cream, cherry, and pumpkin. I can't pick a favorite. We didn't try the menu but the atmosphere was fun and pleasant. Worth the trip even just for pie.
4	Passing by we stopped in for a quick slice of pie to fortify us for our continuing journey. Not disappointed, the pie was delicious!  some seriously good Jam and a very keen and friendly owner.
1	This review is not based on Rock Springs Cafe's food but on their deplorable customer service.  We live almost an hour away from the Rock Springs Cafe, but my 18-year-old daughter wanted to surprise her boyfriend with his favorite Chocolate Cream Pie for an early Christmas present.  She placed her order a few days in advance and paid for it over the phone with "Jared." On the agreed-upon date, she scheduled her whole day around picking up this pie at the designated time.  But upon arrival, she was told by "Jared" that they forgot to reserve her pie and that she would have to select something else instead.  To add to my daughter's frustration, Rock Springs did have a Chocolate Cream pie for sale for $5 per individual slice.   (I'm guessing this was the same pie that was supposed to have been reserved for my daughter???)  There were a few slices already sold, but my daughter was willing to accept the remaining pie, just not at $5/slice.  (An entire chocolate cream pie is only $22.)  Despite the fact that Rock Springs completely screwed up her advance order and should have offered her the remaining individual slices for a percentage of what she already paid, they absolutely refused to do so.  In fact, they became impatient with her because other people were waiting.  So in the end, she drove an hour back home with a Coconut Cream pie (no apology discount offered), which did not elicit the same reaction from her boyfriend that the Chocolate Cream pie would have.  Advice for those who are considering placing advance orders with this establishment over the phone or online:  don't waste your time.
1	Thy stop serving breakfast at 11:00 AM on Sunday. They served coffee and it was absolutely horrible. When we brought it up the hostess said she couldn't do anything about it. My mom has to eat gluten free due to Celiac. The waitress did not even attempt to help with meal choices other than saying everything had gluten. My mom asked to speak to the chef and she stated "we don't have a chef but a cook." I ordered the southwest Mac and Cheese. It was horrible. It was served lukewarm and the green chilies were canned. The noodles were thing special and they just used shredded cheese. My uncle got a burger and ordered it medium and it was warm and very pink...not medium. Overall the staff was not helpful and the food was horrible. We will not be returning.
1	Wish I could give no stars. Just left this joke of a restaurant. Walked out shaking with anger after the service we got is more accurate. Waited in line for 25 mins. Busy holiday weekend - not bothered by that. Waited to see a waitress for 20 mins and then after making the excuse that they're busy, but others were seated after us, we kinda lost it. We had seen two tables get served when they were seated after us. The icing on the cow-pie is that the waitress (tall blond woman) argued w is about it and told us to leave if we didn't like it.There was no manager on duty to even complain to!  Fine. Buh-bye!
4	Great Rock Springs Cafe & General Store, appetizers, and drinks. Rock Springs Cafe & General Store are juicy, delicious, and the portions are huge. Come hungry!
4	This has the small town local feel that we were looking for. The service was great and the food was delicious. But what they are known for is their pie and it was the best pie I have ever had, in fact, I am still dreaming about it.
4	Breakfast was great. Crispy bacon, eggs done right and coffee refilled without having to ask. Waitress was pleasant and friendly.
4	Stopped here for lunch on our way down from the Grand Canyon to Phoenix. Meal was home cooked and the pie for desert was great.
4	Stopped here for lunch on our way down from the Grand Canyon to Phoenix. Meal was home cooked and the pie for desert was great.
5	Woooo HOOO!!!!  A slice of Lemon Meringue Pie!   It made me so happy! It is that simple.
