1	Worst event I have ever been to, totally beats the Oktoberfest in Tempe. The lines are atrocious, the drink booth is pretty much invisible, with warm beverages, trucks were closed (who knows why), good thing I left before I had to attempt the bathroom line.  Also we were there early and it sucked that much. Take the Kids though, probably fun for them as long as you brought food for them.
1	Who'd have thought that you should have packed a lunch to go to a food festival?We didn't even bother eating at any of the trucks.  It was so crowded, and the lines weren't moving, that we realized trying to eat (the purpose of going to a food truck festival) would be a futile test of patience.  My friends and I cut our loses short and bailed immediately.  It took about an hour to get through the atrocious parking situation and walk to the entrance.  Even after that, we left after just one quick lap around the festival.Being charged to enter was robbery.  I'm not even sure what we paid for since every truck and booth was charging.  Someone must have pocketed big from this ripoff.  Thank goodness we used a Groupon to get six tickets for $25.  If I had paid $10 a ticket, I'd be furious.  Long lines are expected at a food truck festival, but those lines should move.
1	atrocious lines, poorly planned. if you thought the roosevelt food truck festival was bad, this one sucked! i'm going to try to get my money back from groupon!
1	I agree with all the other reviewers so far. This festival was one of the most poorly planned events I have ever been to. It all started when I purchased 2 tickets via groupon for $10. Arriving at the event I waited about 30 min to park my car which cost me another $5. Once I entered the festival the lines for each truck were awful. Not only that, you couldn't see the menus very well to see what each truck was serving. Not all of them are blatantly marked. The first line we stood in ran out of food. The next two lines we attempted didn't move....at all. I'm serious. I don't know what was going on up in those food trucks, but I wasn't getting any closer to eating the longer I waited. Also, can I mention that you still have to pay for the food. Oh yes, you pay to enter this event, and then pay to eat. After 90 minutes of waiting in lines and not eating I was hungry, frustrated, irritated, thirsty, and down right pissed off. We left. I therefore spent $15 for a boat-load of aggravation and ate no food at this food festival. What a complete waste of time.
1	Quick 3 word review: Food Truck FiascoLonger review: This could have been good. There were many food trucks and tons of eager people wanting to taste their offerings. Only problem is the lines were so long, after waiting two hours in one line, yes, one line and I admit that sounds excessive. And it was. So bitter after getting our food and wasting the day, we left. I've been to other culinary festivals where you wait in line for a couple minutes, but this was ridiculous and all lines were the same. In the end, too many people made lines unbearable and the festival a failure.
1	Can I please get my Saturday back? $10 admission, $5 to park (there was no mention of that in the event details or on the website), $4 for bottled water that needed to be purchased in a separate area, no tables or chairs, 2 hours and 15 minutes in one food truck line alone (we decided to time it after our 1 hour wait at another food truck), $10 for a sandwich and absolutely no organization. Never again. We expected to be able to sample things from many food trucks, but most didn't even have samples (Tom's BBQ did though). And the lines were so long, that by the time you reached the window to order something, the truck had already ran out of the thing you wanted to get. We spent nearly 2-1/2 hours praying that we would be able to get the lobster grilled cheese by the time it was our turn at the food truck window. We did and there were cheers all around. This is in no way a reflection on the food trucks at all. They were doing the best they could given the circumstances and our food was delicious (We ate at Devilicious and Tom's BBQ). But, honestly, this was truly one of the worst events I've ever been too.Oh and, like others, I was wondering where Tyler Florence was as well. As we were standing on the food truck line, 2 hours and 13 minutes into our wait, he was boisterously escorted into the front of the line of 100's of hungry, tired, cranky, thirsty, broke people to say hello and have a chat with the Devilicious food truck. My friend got stepped on in the process. So, yes, he was there and I got to see his Calvin Klein underwear hanging out of his jeans as well.
1	This was a horribly planned event. I got there at 11am, parked by 11:30, the line to park was crazy but it should have been my first red flag. I ignored it. Parking was $5. I got my ticket to go inside which cost $10. I looked for the $2 vouchers i read about and never found it. I waited in yet another line for 20 minutes. Then I see the lines to each food truck. Insanity!!! You couldn't see the menus. Much less any pricing. I decide to go for the first truck, the Mexican tacos. It took an hour and a half to order. Then another half an hour to receive them. By that time, I was grouchy and wanted out! But decided maybe they weren't all that bad. I go to duck duck pig and that one was more organized. But yet still as long. You stand in a line to buy a token. Stand on a separate line to get a pork slider (delicious) but the waiting lines were crazy. After that line it was 2ish and I was done for the day. This event was not properly organized. I don't think they expected the amount of people that showed up so they weren't prepared.  The food (2 mini samples i got) were delicious but the wait was too horrible. I then leave and yet another line to exit. By the time I got home I felt like I'd just climbed a mountain and went straight to a nap. I'm hoping if they do this again another time they prepare better. Most trucks I heard ran out of food.
1	Great in theory - not so much in reality.  Overheard someone say they were hoping for 5-6,000 originally but by 2pm well over 13,000 had come!  CRAZY traffic.  Sat forever on Pima.  $5 parking on top of ticket prices and food costs.  Lines were ridiculously long by the time we got in the gate at 11:15am.   We saw no map or details of where each truck was/what was available at each truck.  Well over 30 minute lines at many/most trucks.  We only got to buy samples from 3, then waited for Tyler Florence demo.  Tyler was scruffy bearded, didn't look well and the sound didn't work at first after he was almost 25 minutes late starting.  The pulled pork sandwiches he made looked/sounded yummy.  He had good energy with the crowd, but seemed like he was rushing.  Samples were all gone by the time our place in line got up to the demo area though so we didn't get to sample his food :(.  Best truck we tried...2Cupcakes.com from Tucson had yummy cupcakes.  Red Velvet and Peanut Butter cup rocked.  Their regular "large" ones are the same price in Tucson (got small versions for $3 at the event).  Yum yum yum though.  Nice live music too.  Next year some shaded areas that are not "VIP" would be nice, more regular and ongoing food demos, menus/maps and better parking/traffic flow please!  This year it was an experience, but not a good value by any stretch.
2	Like others have said, I love the idea, but this just didn't seem to come together.  We got there around noon and the place was packed. The lines were already scary.  We came hungry so us girls had to find popcorn while the boys waited in the taco truck line. 30 minutes in, still in line and went to get my cool Yelp pen and some Sweet Republic ice cream. Boys still holding our place in line...Some friends got the whopping pies, they looked yummy! Boys still in line. Ordered our tacos after 80 minutes in line, then started the wait to pick up the food.  30 minutes later we inhaled or tacos, which were really good (BTW), and decided to leave.The good news, we spent some time out in the perfect AZ weather and we had some good tacos and SR ice cream.  Bad news, spent a lot of money and time for the event.Next time it would be really cool if they would limit the ticket sales AND have use the same peeps that sell beers/drinks in the stands at the baseball games in addition to the stationary beverage stands.  A cold beer deliver would have been great while waiting in line for over an hour!
1	So disappointed in this event. I'm grateful that people are so fond of food trucks but I'm super unhappy that I didn't get to participate in the way that I wanted.The traffic was horrible. Did they not cap the ticket sales? For 25 food trucks, there were 13,000 people? That's 520 people per truck - no wonder it took several hours for people to wait in line and get food! No normal restaurant can serve that many people.Planning was awful, parking was awful. Charging for parking, ticket entry, AND food? Wow.Dear Salt River Fields, next time CAP THE TICKET SALES -- maybe a few thousand at most. Charge more if you have to (clearly people are interested). Invite more food trucks!
2	MOSTLY FULL PRICE MEALS VERY LIMITED TWO DOLLAR SAMPLES To prevent choking hazards water should be provided.Parking lot was unnecessarily muddy. Food Shows should held in convention centers.Had hopes of sampling different trucks, purchased one $10 meal that we didn't care for so we trashed it and went out for a nice lunch. Happy that we arrived and left early lines were still OK.
1	I hate to start the year off with a bad review, but come'on guys really?! So I invited my mom down from Glendale for a ladies day along with two good friends of mine. We decided to  go early so we don't miss out on all of the food. Well long story short, we never made it into the dirt lot. If this was a movie I'd call it: Gridlock traffic, starving women. The ending is sad. *hold me*$10 entry tickets$5 dirt lot parking$rumor has it you had to purchase food tickets?!13,000 people and fifteen food trucks (poor vendor's) = horrible event planning.Any word on a refund?
1	The concept was a great one, but the festival and the food trucks were no where close to prepared for the amount of people that showed up. Not sure if it was great marketing or groupon, but there were way too many people there or way too few of food trucks. If this event happens again next year I would advise to either double or triple the amount of food trucks or cap the number of attendees. I would also advise of having this at a different venue or get new traffic control management. This was our day in a nutshell. Waited 45 minutes to park. This was a little frustrating, but we were so excited it didn't seem that bad. Once we entered the event we noticed right away the lines for the food trucks were very long. We game planned to split up and get in two lines. Little did we know the lines were so slow. At one food truck there was a line to get tickets then go to another line (Epic Hotdogs). Almost an hour and a half later we finally get some food. The hotdog was cold and obviously the ingredients had changed a little bit while we were in line. The had ran out of some ingredients and were improvising. So frustrating.Needless to say we were able to hit only one more truck each, unfortunately we didn't go to this event to be separated. The next food truck the owner of the truck (gourmet frybreads) was extremely rude and obviously overwhelmed with the situation. We all left hungry and very let down. I haven't even talked about the cost of everything. I had no problem with the $5 parking and the $10 cover if things were the way I expected. Everything was way too expensive for the experience. The food was way overpriced. $4 for a half a hotdog. $6.50 for a frybread with beans? Really, now the food trucks are gouging us! $7 beer? Well if you wait at the tent for a beer it's $3. The $7 beer seemed like a better deal seeing i didn't have to wait 45 minutes. I hate to write reviews like this because I am just repeating what others are saying. If you decide to do this event next year I am sure you will make adjustments. It will have to be a lot for us to go back. Great concept but horrible execution.
1	I hate to start the year off writing a 1 Star Rebiew but it needs to be done. We showed up at 3:30 with Free Tickets and were confused. The parking signs said $5 but we rolled right past them to park, we walked up to the entrance and people were walking right in. Are you telling me that the early birds had to pay $15 for entrance to THIS? I would be furious and asking for a REFUND personally!The organizers of this event did it for the $$$ and did a HORRIBLE job all around. Cons: $10 to get in is Highway Robbery$5 to park in a dirt lot is a slap in the face$4 for WATER.... I'm getting really pissed off nowHORRIBLE set up of the whole event. Why in the world did they think having the "dessert" trucks way in the back all clumped together was a good idea? Not enough seatingTyler Florence.... Where were you? Live Music.... Where were you? I am all about Supporting Local Businesses but who ever ran this event was CLEARLY in it for the $$$ and nothing else! I hope that the food trucks made a profit in the long run because this event was disappointing. Pros: I got to taste Luncha Libre & it was TOTALLY worth the wait! Best damn Quesadillias in town!! We were lucky enough to be there late so the lines died down dramatically and the food trucks were able to pump the food out! Had a killer Pepperoni Pizza from The Pizza People... Yum!Had three scoops (yea yea I know) from Sweet Republic! LOVE this Ice Cream! I'm happy that we didn't have to pay the entry fee and parking but anyone that did.... I'd ask for a refund. Let's hope this event doesn't put a sour taste in people's mouth about food trucks. They work their butts off at what they do!
1	Completely let down! Looked forward to this event and invited friends and bummed we did. Too long of lines, parking was a mess, and some booths had you wait in line buy tickets then wait in another line to get your food, which was over priced and small portions. So terrible. Hate all the lines and HATE that we had to pay to come into this mess and pay to park. A complete joke! Take a tip: either twice as many trucks or limit your tickets. More alcohol stations and better music. Scale down prices if you're going to charge us to get in.
1	I have nothing more to add, but I don't want anyone to think 'only a few' people had  complaints about this poorly planned "festival." Oh, wait, I do. I was there with my 4 year old grand-daughter (and my daughter), since there were going to be kids attractions as well as the food trucks. I thought it was nuts that 3 minutes of jumping around cost $3. But I guess it was consistent with the $4 water and $7 beers.And it would help if there was some roadway controls and/or temporary signage. By 11am, traffic backed up (down) Pima from the event to Indian Bend and over towards the 101. Cars were skipping ahead and cutting into line, further delaying entrance. If success is measured by interest, the festival was a success. If by performance and customer satisfaction, not so much. And how can a vendor commit to showing and not have enough food to feed the presold ticket holders? Why risk your hard-fought reputation?
1	Wow. What a horrible experience. The only thing that saved me was my check in showing up on Facebook, and I had some friends text me they were there too, so between 4 of us, we split up, got in line for 4 trucks and ordered food for each other. The trucks need to organize and do this on their own in a parking lot on a regular basis. I know in downtown Phoenix they have their Food Truck Court Wednesdays which I've been to a few times but to have to pay for the privilege to eat at a food truck, and wait in line like this, not a good experience. I was hoping to spend some money, walk around and try different foods. Forget about it!! If it weren't for meeting up with friends, we would have eaten from just one truck and I would have to use the Yelp cliche line "Would give negative stars if I could"
1	This was an incredible opportunity to spend $68.00 and 3 hours for 4 beers. It was impossible to get food with the 2 hour long lines at each of the 25 trucks. The trucks didn't anticipate the massive crowd and ran out of food. The event was completely overbooked!!
1	Left a tip but it just didn't do justice. There is nothing wrong with paying for parking or getting in but this event was a complete joke. I get it, 25 food trucks is a feat for the late-to-catch-on Phoenix...culture? But who in their right minds sells so many tickets for so few trucks. Over a year ago I was in Arcadia, CA at a similar event with a solid hundred trucks of not more. I have to agree, the promoters were just in it for the money. It was a complete fail. They seem to have a lot of good ideas for events at the Salt River fields but every time I go to an event there, it falls short of expectations. Was it the food trucks fault? Not at all! There are a few good trucks here, just follow them on Facebook, Twitter still hasn't caught on out here.
2	In theory:  A fantastic idea.  Sampling cuisine from dozens of food trucks at a few bucks a sample, let the kids play, bounce, slide, zipline, etc., and have a beer, all while enjoying the sunshine and some pleasant background music.I sampled some really delicious food (yay!) but only from 2 trucks (booo!).  My kid bounced and went down the slide, and the lines for both were short, and she really enjoyed them.  But she's 3 so she's the easy one to appease.  The kids activities were the only reason I gave a second star.  We grown-ups, however, thought this event was so poorly executed, and we were so, SO disappointed.  My primary complaints:  THE LINES.  OH the lines!  The whole idea is to try a variety and without splitting our group up completely (think:  "I'll wait here for hot dogs.  Here, take $4 and get me something from the Cajun truck.  Okay, you go and get some tacos.  And you can get some BBQ.") We hardly got to spend time with the group of friends we were with, and the time we did spend together we were working out the logistics of how to most efficiently deal with the lines.LACK OF SEATING.   While each sample is only a few bites, it still would have been nice to find a place to sit down with the smorgasboard we ended up with.  Shade would be a plus.PAYMENT SYSTEM. The independent payment/ticket system was a drag.  Some places took cash only, some places took cash or credit cards, some places required tickets...  There should just be one universal ticket that costs $1 or $2 and that would reduce confusion.  BRING MORE FOOD!  Lobster roll truck running out of lobster 2 hours in?  Yikes.  There were some really unhappy people that had to walk away from the line they'd been standing in for more than a half hour.This event has SO much potential.  I hope they can get it figured out and try again.
1	J and I were planning on attending this event.  Mainly because I had purchased a Groupon that got us 2 for the price of 1.  That and we have watched both seasons of F.T.R and love it!  Needless to say, we were pretty excited for this event. We got to Indian Bend and the 101 around 10:00am.  Having never been to the ballpark before, I wasn't sure if I was heading in the right direction.  No sooner than I got to Pima, I start seeing the line of cars.   It takes 30 minutes to finally get to a lot entrance.  I ask the guy standing at the entrance if there's expectant mother parking.  He says no, but that I'm free to park in the area where they're directing those with handicapped plates and placecards.  I thank him and drive over to the grassy knoll.  I don't even have a chance to put my truck into park before some guy comes running over telling me I cant park there.  I very strongly said, "Well I'm pregnant, and the gentleman right over there said that I could."  He doesn't say another word.  The woman in the car next to me then said, "They'll end up giving you a ticket."  I state that since this isn't technically handicapped parking - No signs that state HC only parking - They technically don't have the right.  I then remembered where I was and I didn't really feel like fooling around with tribal cops.   I throw the truck into reverse and get in the line to head to park with the rest of the cars.  We finally get to the head of the parking line and next thing we know, we're being told parking is $5.  NO WHERE ON OUR WAY INTO THE LOT WE WERE PARKING IN DID IT STATE PARKING WAS $5!!!  We were livid.  No where on the event website did it state that parking was $5.  We pretty much yell this to the min. wage lot attendants.  AND - Where does SRPM get off charging people $5 to park in a f-ing DIRT LOT!?   $7 for parking for events at the State Fair location in Phoenix (which they have noted on their website)- to park on a paved lot.....Fine.  $5 to park on a f-ing dirt lot?  I told them where they could shove the car behind me's $5 and make a U-Turn to leave.  J and I ended up going to breakfast instead - where we didn't have to pay to park.  From what I'm told, and from what I'm gathering with glancing at a few reviews - the Street Eats Festival was not worth it.  With long lines, and trucks running out of food.  I'm now kind of glad we bailed in the dirt lot.
4	You can tell 100% that we are reviewing food right? At the expense of being very cliche " There is enough WINE here"  I keep reading post after terrible post with negative reviews. It was not nearly that bad! Here, I'll break it down. Lets talk about food:Devilicious : I must say the All Crab Crab Cake is forever in my top ten foods EVER! The butter poached lobster grilled cheese with carmalized onions was good, not WOW! Bee: Some relative of the Lo Lo's family trying her hand at International Foods. Meh! Indian Coconut Curry Chicken. Perch and chips....Catfish Slider...All MEH!!Street Market : KILLER Korean Short Rib in Steamed Chinese Bun....Pizza People: Fair, nothing special. Go to Red Devil!Montana BBQ: HUGE ASS LINE.....GOOD ASS PULLED PORK!Shut Your Pie Hole: Cant remember the name of the little red truck serving up this incredibly terrible pie in a cup for $4.00 each. Terrible! Had Coconut Cream pie. I swear it was coconut pudding on a saltine cracker in a cup, about two tablespoons worth. Duck Duck Pig: MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT!! Where was all your good stuff? You have incredible ducky dishes and you come to a festival and serve up one shitty pork slider. GFYS!!!! I waited in line for nothing! Yep, still mad about that. T-Licious: D-Licious. Try them all. Before the two hour line formed!Epic Hot Dog: When has anyone,Man or Women wished for half a Weiner?Change your game! Frenchie dog is good shit Mang!Lobster on A Roll: Ive had better. Much Better. Boton...NYC....Long Lines...Yuuuup! They opened at 10 AM.... My Family and I were there at 10Am and about 1000 other people. We ate and Left before the huge lines and food run out. Suggestion next year. Simple, Learn from your mistakes this year. It was your inaugural event. For a first time out.....Not Bad. Yelpers, Cut the festival some fucking slack, and stop crying about 5 bux to park. And you....Lady.... just because the guy working in the parking loty makes min wage does not mean you should beat the kid up about it.
1	*************Now We Know How It Feels To Be Scalped**************Anyone who thought this was a great event ......... is a member of the Tribe.
2	I went to the Street Eats Festival this past weekend with bestie and study buddy.  Luckily we arrived late and didn't have to pay an entrance or parking fee.  The lines were unnecessarily long and didn't move efficiently.  So happy I didn't purchase the 2 for $10 deal I saw on the Phoenix New Times Daily Deals prior to the event.  My friends got ice cream from Sweet Republic that they enjoyed.  The highlight of the day was the french fries from Superstition Farm! OMG!  They were delicious, especially with the Chipotle Aioli Sauce!
1	It was bound to happen sooner or later, my first 1 star review.  I have, up till this point, not needed to write a 1 start review.  Usually a place has 1 or 2 redeeming qualities.  This event did not.My wife bought the groupon online, so the two of us got in for only $10, instead of $20.  The first thing we noticed as we went in, was everyone walking out complaining.  I didn't really see a single person leave (and they were going by the truck fulls) that wasn't complaining about something.  Just getting in was a hassle for some people.  The ticket takers didn't really know what was going on so had some people standing in some lines twice and going back and forth.  It was pretty much chaosOnce we got in we decided to take a walk around a little and see what there was to offer.  There was a decent selection of trucks parked on the outside of the event but the lines were HUUUUUGE.  In all honesty, the average line to get to a car was probably somewhere along the lines of 120-150 people.  We walked around trying to find a truck that didn't have such an enormous wait.  There weren't any.  We were just going to leave without trying anything, but figured we had to atleast try the food, it must have been amazing, right?  Wrong. We got in a line to get some little sliders.  While waiting in the line I jumped out to the ice cream stand next to us.  We had some "homemade" ice cream that had decent flavor but giant ice crystals which made the texture very of putting.  We finished the ice cream and still had about 15 minutes left to wait before we could even order the food.What we ended up getting was a little slider burger, a little pulled pork sandwich, some fries with both of those and a bacon fritter.  My burger was decent.  Nothing great.  My younger brother (who is COMPLETELY not into food) makes a better burger and he doesn't really do much to it.   The burger wasn't even "not hot", it was room temp at best.  My wife's pulled pork sandwich was good, not great, but good.  The fries that came with both of them were a great idea that was poorly executed.  They were like a cross between a french fry and a chip.  I really wanna make some at home.  The fritter was good, but flavor profile wise, it tasted like a McDonald's  McGriddle.  So not that great.  For all of this we ended spending like 16ish bucks.  So WAY more than it was worth (considering we had another 10 on top of that just to get in)From start to finish (starting standing in line to done eating) was about 45 minutes.  That is just for two tinny little sandwiches.  That is by far the worst thing about this.  The beer lines were enormous, the food lines were enormous, the even lines were enormous and to do any 1 thing would easily take 30 minutes. To me, the worst thing about all this is the fact that people that went last time said the EXACT SAME THING.  The lines were way to long and no one could really enjoy the different trucks.  They knew this going into it and did nothing to fix it.  I WILL NOT be going to the next "festival" they do here.
1	This is not a review of the food, nor is it a reflection on the Food Trucks businesses.Food was wonderful - what I did finally get; business owners were friendly and engaged. However - one hour in a car inching our way to the event with no visual hint of traffic control for this event. $5 to park on top of the entry fee AND just for the pleasure of buying lunch.  A mile plus line to get into the event; and lines to each truck that took 1-2+ hours to get through.  Thank goodness I found the caramel popcorn truck while my man stood patiently in line. That line only took 20 minutes.So that was the experience - 3 + hours of waiting around for one pork sandwich. We passed on the drink line.Oh, and we left with sandwich in hand and ate it in the car, as there were nowhere to sit.I can get my Food Truck fix at the Downtown Phoenix Market every Friday lunch.
1	FOOD ALTAMONT. I love the idea, but this was like Altamont in 1969 minus the stabbing, psilocybin and Hell's Angels. Oh, and that event was free. Disclaimer: I was not born until the Reagan administration. I have worked on large-scale annual festival events for almost a decade.Lesson learned. Be wary of the inaugural food truck event in any city, not just this one. Small-scale businesses uniting with a small community organization to do a huge event at a newer facility? Was a qualified event consultant hired? Did anyone have the right experience? Were vendors notified of the actual amount of ticket sales? How much did vendors pay to participate? I don't know, I'm asking. I waited on Pima for almost 45 minutes, took forever to park and left after 15 minutes of seeing the thousands of frowns from people who expected to be fuller and drunker for their money and effort. You could just feel the bad energy of the hordes of disappointed and aggravated people. I don't like staying in places like that.Some perspective: many other cities, eager to start an annual mobile food vendor outing, have had positively atrocious "1st Annual Food Truck Festival" events and went on to learn to make a better fest after hiring consultants and inviting local farms and restaurants to offer a more plentiful and accommodating food situation. Boston had a similar horrible first-year food truck festival and changed the event the second year to a "Local Food Festival," inviting local restaurants to make their own versions of street food while still keeping the mobile vendor core. Recommendations: partner with a real stadium with real parking, do multiple days, cap each day's ticket sales, partner with a transpo company to do off-site parking lot shuttles if applicable, cap each day's ticket sales, invite a larger vendor base and mix them up each day like bands in a music festival, offer admission discounts for carpoolers/public transpo riders/bike people, cap each day's ticket sales, hire emergency bee removal services and learn from another festival's coordinator(s) (LA Street Food Fest? Tucson Meet Yourself?). Also, cap each day's ticket sales.If you're going to tax for admission and parking, make it worth the cost and pay the right person or team to help with logistics. Thanks for taking a risk and  trying to do something stimulating and fun for the valley's residents and businesses.
1	The majority of reviewers don't lie....it really was that bad.This event spread like wild fire, I had family members and friends talking about this event from the get-go! Me and my bf arrived around 130 to a stand still at the parking entrance, cars in front of us were u-turning their way out of there, so we did the same and parked in a nearby  field. Walking up to the event the lines looked ridiculous. Come to find out I would wait over 2.5 hours at the taco truck. Not cool. I waited by myself while family and friends waited in other lines, my sister's kids played corn hole, and some chose not to wait in line at all and grab something on the way home. The variety of games was the best part. Great FREE activities for all ages to take part in.So food wise my tacos were good. Even though I arrived on an empty stomach, the tacos weren't overly fantastic or even worth the wait. I got the veggie, chicken, and beef taco. I shared and we all agreed the chicken taco was the winner. Would I wait 2 hours for those tacos again....NOPE! My friends graciously shared their fried bread and funnel cake with the group and that was really good.Wonderful idea, poor execution. Maybe next time it will be better.
1	Wish we could have made it thru the gridlock of parking. Tempe/Scottsdale have a hard time handling events. Should have been downtown and could have used light rail.
3	So, based on reading last year's reviews, I would say that this year's festival was indeed better. I was told that there were only about 20 food trucks and nearly 20,000 people that showed up so there were long lines galore and not much choices to be had.This year, there were close to between 50-70 food trucks and a nice variety at that. Of course, I chose the food truck with the longest line. As I pondered where to take a first bite to eat on the map we were given as we walked in, I saw that one of the food  trucks had lobster grilled cheese. Combining lobster and grilled cheese? Well, that just had my name written all over it! I get in the longest line and wait for about 30 minutes to get up to the front of the line. My husband made his rounds around the entire place while I waited in line. He even brought me a plate of garlic fries from another food truck while waiting in the Devilicious Food Truck line, which we finished well before reaching the front of the line. Once we ordered, it took about another 30-40 minutes to get our food. There was a huge crowd waiting on the right side of the truck for their orders. It was hard to hear your name being called out when there was so many people, so we just watched for the people who were in front of us in line to guage when we'd be called next.The lobster grilled cheese was really, really good. The shrimp po-boy sandwich was a bit spicy and more flavorful, so that was my hubby's favorite. Was it worth that hour wair for food? Perhaps... but I would rather get their when it opens and order first thing rather than wait unitl later, because the line was just as long at noon as it was at 3pm. Overall, the foods were pretty good. That lobster grilled cheese was 5 tickets and at $2 a ticket, that's not very cheap. However, that appeared to be the most expensive item among any of the food trucks. Most food items were 4 tickets. The Devilicious truck was the only one with a really long line. Most of the other lines were more reasonable with 8-10 people or less and those lines moved well enough. I thought there'd be more local breweries there than just Coors and other domestic beers, so I was disappointed about that. I guess Adam Richman from Food Network was there today (Sunday), so since my hubby and I are fans of his, we wish we visited today instead of yesterday. We watched some small local bands playing and a pie eating contest while we were eating. I love the fact that everything was centered around eating!Will we return again? Maybe! It was pretty cold this weekend though, so maybe we would've enjoyed it more if it was in the 70s instead of 40s. And.. if it was a $1/ticket instead of $2 a ticket. But those were my only qualms this time... Oh, and of course, lack of variety of local breweries. They need to step it up!!
3	I greatly enjoyed it with one exception, which I'll get to. I was there early today (Sunday). Waits were short (a few people in most cases) and the food was diverse and mostly delicious, there were places to sit and a good crowd and some music and even a kids area. The staff was very helpful, too. From prior reviews it was greatly improved (I did not attend last year). --I would personally recommend it next year, barring the following issue: WHY did they have "Event Parking" arrows point to the East Parking lot when the event was on the West Side??? It was a long and unreasonable walk through the ENTIRE Baseball Park to get to the event. It's a nice place, but if you want to give "shameless plug" tours of the ballpark just before Spring Training, do so, but don't bill it as the culinary event. Soapbox over. Future attendees, park on the West Side, bring some cash and gnash, gnash, gnash..
4	The other reviewers have no earthly idea what they are talking about. Let me debunk some things right now.Yes, it was $10 to get in. Yes, you had to buy food tickets and NO there was no fee for parking. If you paid for parking, you got swindled. Plain and simple.Most importantly, there were 50, yes FIFTY food trucks on hand. Not 15, not 20, but 50. I went both days and went early, so I avoided the long lines and sampled as much delicious food as possible.Believe me Yelpers, the negative press this event is receiving is unwarranted. 2012's Event was worthy of 1 star as there were half as many food trucks and twice as many in line waiting. The Street Eats Festival redeemed itself.Butter Poached Lobster Grilled Cheese was amazing. The Brie Melt from the Grilled Cheese Truck was creamy and had a touch of sweetness from the honey. The Montana BBQ was juicy and packed with an interesting mix of spices and Award-winning BBQ sauce.There is almost NO way to give this place a negative review unless you didn't want to go to begin with. I look forward to 2014's event and will be purchasing VIP Tickets.Great Job Everyone!
4	I'm really glad I didn't attend last year (2012), but I'm also really glad I decided to go this year (2013) despite the chance that it might have totally sucked, because that was the last way I would use to describe it.I snagged one of the Yelp discounts, so I purchased two tickets at half price, thus spending only $10 on entry.  I saw a bunch of people complaining about having to pay for parking, and a few more people saying that parking fees were included in the ticket price, so I didn't really know what to expect when I drove up to the lot.  What ended up happening was...nobody asked me for any money.  There weren't any parking fees, end of story.  As Jonathan A. said, if you paid for parking, someone ripped you off.So my husband and I showed up around 10:45 on Sunday, and there was already a small line about 40-50 people deep, but once the gates opened, it moved extremely rapidly (I believe there were about 6 people checking everyone in).  We purchased about $30 worth of tickets at the entrance (15 tickets, $2 each), and started making our rounds.  With over 50 different trucks - some from out of state, though we stuck with all local - there was something there for everyone.  In the span of an hour and a half, we managed to visit about 10 trucks with no long waits (longest was probably 5-10 minutes, tops) or worrying about them being out of food.  All of the truck owners were fabulous and very kind and excited to talk about their offerings and overall story.  The only truck we didn't get to, but will be looking for in the future was the grilled cheese truck everyone was talking about.  By 11:30, the line was already super long, and the wait was between 30 min to an hour, so in the interest of staying local, we opted out of that one.Trucks we tried: Spice it up!, Taste Rite, Mac Attack, Old Dixie's, Emerson Frybread, Udder Delights, Sandra Dee's Catering, Island Loco, Satay Hut, and Mustang Corral.  We enjoyed everything that we put in our mouth, though by the end of our nosh marathon - our noshathon - we were so full, we couldn't even think about putting another morsel of tasty food near our lips.  Most of the portions were perfectly bite-sized, some offered up full servings, and though my husband and I split everything between the both of us, it was still difficult to continue past the 8th truck.  What I can say for sure is this:  We will be looking out for these trucks in the valley, and will make it a point to try their regular menus from now on.At the end of the day, it was a fantastic event, and even my husband agreed that he'd return (he's a tough customer at outdoor festivals).  So will we be back?  As long as the organizers stay on track with this year's event, count me in.
4	Although I didn't attend last year, based on the Yelp reviews I can tell you they've vastly improved. I went on Sunday and the crowds were pretty mellow, most lines were short or nonexistent, but a few of the popular ones had long long lines. Parking was easy, getting in was easy, and there was a lot of variety. Worth checking out next year I'd say - hopefully this is one that will keep getting better.
3	The Street Eats Festival this year was pretty fun!  We went on Sunday to see Adam Richmond and to feast on a multitude of food truck eats.  With the Yelp discount, tickets were $5 per person for general admission, which included parking.  Tickets were $2 per ticket, and after all was said and done each person spent about $20 on food before feeling full and satisfied.  The most popular food trucks were Devilicious and their signature lobster grilled cheese sandwich, and the food truck selling mac and cheese.  Unfortunately, on Sunday they ran out of the lobster grilled cheese around 12:30, but my friend who had waited in the perilously long line said it was quite good.  We tried a multitude of dishes from food trucks such as Hao Bao, Island Loco, and Jamburritos.  My favorites of the day were the dumplings from Hao Bao, and the secret item of the day from Island Loco, delectable malasadas (A deal at $2/1 ticket for 2).  Parking was plentiful, and all the vendors were great.  Although it was quite chilly when we arrived, it warmed up later on.Adam Richmond's demonstration was the highlight of the day.  There was a huge crowd around the tent, and despite being 20 minutes late, he was every bit like his persona on TV: cheerful, friendly, and just a cool likeable guy.  He showed us how to make Asian style chicken wings with miso-marinated roasted veggies.  He was good at telling us why he used a specific ingredient and had good cooking tips to help us make tastier dishes at home.All in all, a pretty good day!  I think the prices were a tad bit high, but I think that's to be expected for events like these.  A nice suggestion for next year might be to have a contest and have the public vote on which signature dish reigns supreme!
4	I didn't attend last year (with no regrets based on previous feedback), but when I saw that the New Times had addressed a lot of the issues from last year's event, I decided to buy some tickets for our group with the Yelp discount to check it out. We went Saturday around 4pm, and had no issues with parking (free) and getting in (no line). We got our wristbands and bought tickets and took a quick lap to see who all was there. All in all, we tried a buffalo chicken cheese steak (can't remember the truck name), Taste Rite, The Grilled Cheese Truck, Mellow Mushroom, and Rockin' Rays. Everything we tried was really good, and considering the event, I didn't think it anything was too expensive (1-4 tickets per item, or $2-8). The longest line while we were there was the grilled cheese truck, and we made that our second to last stop since it looked like the most popular. They had a lot of great options and since I couldn't eat them all, I'll be going to the Scottsdale Street Fair this weekend to try some more :)They made great improvements and hopefully next year I will take advantage of the VIP passes.
3	This year was sooooooooooooooooooo much better than 2012! so many more trucks and better managed. There were really only two trucks that had crazy long lines, but the food was very yummy. My only gripe was the cost! $10 to get in and each food item cost around 6-10 bucks. Funny thing is you could go to any of these food truck in phoenix and probably pay 1/2 what you did at the festival. Overall it was fun.
2	I attended the event on Sunday. I was very disappointed in this event. I was looking forward to being able to sample and introduced myself to new foods. Sadly this wasn't the case. I thought the event was too spaced out, you had to pay admission, and then you had to pay for sample size items that were overpriced, and the chef demo zone was poorly setup. The food items I got were ok, but nothing to Food Truck Stalk over.There is room for improvement, but I am hesitant to go to another one of these events. When I checked into the event , I got an offer for Yelp items and to go check out their booth, but Yelp wasn't even there (so sad).
3	Would have given it 3.5 stars if there was a coffee truck :) It was cold!More good than bad. Let's start with the bad.BAD 1: The WORST Buffalo Chicken Sandwich I have EVER had in my life was from the "Phil the Grill Truck". I took 2 bites and it went into the garbage. Buffalo chicken SHOULD NOT taste like cumin. All I can say is wow. TerribleBAD 2: The line at the Devilicious Truck. It took 45 minutes to get a grilled cheese sandwich. At one point some drunk girl shouted out "it's just a grilled cheese sandwich, what's taking so long".What I didn't get was their setup. One guy taking orders outside. One guy just looking out the truck window at people? One guy who kept going in and out of the truck for no apparent reason other than to be seen? After you ordered, you basically had to stand around and try to listen for your order being called out along with 20-30 other people. No one outside calling out the names. Maybe a microphone or bull horn? It seems like they weren't too prepared for serving people.Have they never been to a food truck festival/event before? They didn't really try and improve on it either. Food was OK. Not worth 45 minutes of my life though. Sorry.GOOD 1: Jamburrito Truck. Awesome! I had their Cajun style chicken rice dish. Very good. Really nice people too. I would have tried more but by that time I was too stuffed :)GOOD 2: Chuckies from Iowa. My wife loved their Pork Tenderloin SandwichGOOD 3: Can't remember which truck served them, but the garlic french fries were very good. Wish I would have gotten more.GOOD 4: The Rise and Shine food truck. My wife really liked her breakfast sandwich.All in all a nice event. Will most likely attend next year too.
5	I had so much fun and ate so many delicious things. Hmmm what did we have this day?? We had grilled cheese, giant rootbeer floats, chicken satay, fresh made sorbet, Mexican popsicles, crab rolls. I am still stuffed and it was a week ago. I cannot wait for next year.I was scared because I read some of the reviews from 2012, but they definitely improved it from last year. There were tons of trucks and they were all serving a variety of dishes. I wish I could have hit them all.The lines were not bad when we got there, but we got there at 1130. When we left around 1330, it was pretty busy. Bring a lot of cash though, it was pretty expensive. I spent more than I wanted. Also, they only would give you tickets by paying with a credit card at the front tent, not the ones inside. This was kind of a hastle.At the end of the day, we were left with 6 tickets. They would not buy them back which was a little frustrating. My friend ended up buying a t-shirt though, so it worked out well. So if you have extra tickets, buy a shirt!
5	Loved this event!  The weather was a little cold but we got to try some amazing food.  I've been to multiple food truck events and $10 admission is pretty standard.  The grounds were super clean and the atmosphere was family friendly. We had limited time at the event and were able to eat at three trucks.  The first truck we ate at was Chuckie's from Iowa.  My husband is an Iowa native and loved the Tenderloin sandwich.  It was moist and delicious!Since we are from Vegas, we don't have fry bread very often.  We tried Emerson Fry Bread and got the "Happy Ever After" (I think) with slow roasted tequila lime pork.  It was amazing.  I found myself craving it the next dayThe last truck we tried was Big Boy Sandwiches.  Definitely will check them out again next time we are in the Phoenix area.  I had the sausage sandwich.  It reminded me of the great italian sausage sandwiches back on the East Coast.  It was awesome.  My husband had the Ribeye sandwich with crispy potatoes, onions and peppers.  He was licking his fingers after, it was so good.  The owners who were running it were full of personality and genuine great guys. This event showcased some talented food trucks.  The thing that I would change would be some more seats and tables.  Can't wait for next year!
5	I was stoked to check this thing out. We bought the VIP package for Sunday and got to hang out with Adam Richman from Man V Food. Each ticket included 6 free alcoholic drinks, $20 worth of food tickets, and free appetizers. I ate so much pizza from Pizza People I couldn't stand up. Maybe it was the alcohol and not the pizza. My memory is a little hazy.
2	Long lines to park, to buy tickets, and prepare to wait a minimum of 20 min standing in line to place order and about 20 min to get your food from each vendor. Quite a few really good food options. Good idea to go in groups and split up into different vendor lines to get food faster. It would be great if event tripled their vendor participation to support the crowd size.
4	Better than the reviews for 2012 hands down. It seems like they should have a separate page for each year. We spent in total about $60 for the 2 of us (admission, food, shared a beer)If you don't want to wait in the massive line for tickets buy them online. Than you can go straight to the gate. Yes it will cost an extra $2 but you will save at least 30-45 min. Anyways I'll put the good and the badThe good:Frank. Oh my goodness. The polish sausage with lobster Mac and cheese is a revelation. Go here. Now. Arizona farms cheese curds. Better than anything I ever got in the Midwest. They have this wonderful garlicky flavor that is so awesome. If you really love them get 2 smalls for $4 each instead of 1 large for $8 as it is barely any bigger than the small. Literally the container is maybe 1/4" bigger. There were groupon and livingsocial deals for tickets so we got 2 GA tix for $13. great! They sell out quick so act fastParking was free and pretty well coordinated.  Yes you will wait in line. The bad:The porta potties. Whole new level of disgusting. Not many food trucks had things for 1 token. Most had a small side (fries etc) that didn't really showcase the food trucks fare for about 2 tokens ($4) but to get anything good was about 4-5 tokens ($8-10). the thing is they still gave sample portions so it adds up quickly! Some were the exception but this was true of the 10-12 trucks our group went to. Not much shelter or shade. Normally in January this isn't an issue and i saw reviews of last year it was really cold but it was pretty toasty this year! Beer selection. Coors, bud, blue moon, and redd ale. C'mon guys. Maybe a beer truck would be a good idea....is that legal? But I digress. All in all I'm glad we went it was a good time with good friends.
1	Lame.$6 for small beers anywhere you go.Most of the food plates at most of these trucks are $4-$8The whole thing is just kinda cheesy and not held in a great location. Would be much better if held in Civic Plaza or downtown Chandler or Gilbert. This just feels like a great big money grab.
3	It was ok, some great vendors, but their menus were limited. They had 3-4 options. Not always the best options off their menus.Plus there was only Coors light, Miller light, Reds ale and 3 Arizona wines to drink. Better beer selection would be awesome.
5	Overall we had a great time.  If you're just going there to shovel food in your face you will be disappointed. We took relaxed approach and tried a little here and a little there, took in some fun cooking demonstrations and sipped a couple cold ones.  It was a beautiful day and got to meet and chat with some really cool people and talk about food.  Not a bad way to spend an afternoon!
1	PLEASE READ MY REVIEW ALL YELPERS.Now i got your attention. I will point out 5 things you will encounter on this event ( I am saving you next year). Each point are 1 star off the rating. Which means I would give 0 star if I can on this event. First is the ridiculous parking. I mean I have gone to alot of state fair, alot of other events that have tons of parking problems but this is one of the worst parking ever. Second the execution. There are so much potential but all ends up being a failure. When we got there, the cooking event was cancel on one hour 1 pm i think. The chef cancelled and the people end up just roaming around. The eating contest is host by a boring lady. The band that the lady keep on saying is " worth the penny you pay" is nothing but a bunch of teenagers singing loudly, out of tone out of rhyme on the mic.There are alot of lines. I mean it. Its like going to Disney Land but instead of ending up on the line and enjoying your ride, you will either have to pay for a sample or pay for the most expensive one bite burger you ever had. There is so much line I have to wait 1 hour and 20 minutes to make a order on one of the truck. Thats under the sun, on a sandy part of the event. There is limited shade and sittings is so lacking. Never again.Fourth is the limitation of menus. So you know a truck here? and want their best food to offer? Well guess what, they might not have that on the menu. Most of the Truck have only 3-4 dishes to pick on. One truck in particular have 2 mini burgers, I mean mini, smaller than the fist of my niece. NO JOKE. As for the taste, we have taste more, and mind you we tried alot of this trucks, and there are more places in PHOENIX alone that offer better on taste, on portion, and obviously on PRICE!!!!!!!!!Fifth and maybe the WORST thing ever about this event. The money you will spend in this event is ridiculous. There is the entrance fee, then there is payment for small portion of samples? THE F? ( costco have bigger portion and they dont freaking make you pay for samples) Water cost is 2 dollars. The cost for desserts will land you from 4-6 dollars. The main course foods which may I say are in small portions ( state fair have bigger portions ) are priced at minimum at 8-16 dollars.So lets recap:12 + 2 + 4 + 2 +8 = 28 dollars for one head ( this is when u decide one sample, one drink, one dessert)For 28 dollars we all know you could have gone and go to a upscaled restaurant and even gave a tip. Also thats just one bite. What happens in dinner? another 16- 30 dollars of food? For my last note, the advertisement on this event are all false, all of the reviews are probably done by someone who works there. No one in their right mind would like to buy a small cupcake for 8 dollars. Also the token system dont make sense, each token is worth 2 dollars, you pay 2 dollars but whats the worth of this inside? 2 dollars!!!! What? why even have another currency (token) when there is no advantage for the patrons on doing so? This event made me realize that not all the reviews on websites are not true. Oh and they changed their name thats why I wasnt able to find it on yelp, It was previously named Food Truck Festival (last review was on 2012).Please I would never want you to go through what I and my family went through. This is a money grabbing event. Your way better off going to state fair. Better yet save it for a good restaurant.
1	I attended this even last year and had my gripes about organization and parking.  I had purchased VIP tickets.  Long lines were the norm but overall not bad. My tickets gave me some shaded seating, a bathroom, appetizers, 6 alcoholic drinks an free soda and water and $10 in food tickets. Overall a good experience. Again this year I bought the VIP tickets and after reading that some things changed I anticipated being annoyed and disappointed- which happened. First, I was directed to park an obscene distance from the entrance even when the lot was not full on the north end. Easily 1/2 mile away from entrance.  I got right in however, but I arrived when it opened to try and beat some of the lines this year. VIP was not so much VIP however. They added more seating- out in the open sun and only a handful of standing tables under the shade.  Bathrooms were just port-a-potties with hand sanitizer- last year there were two portable bathrooms with running water. My 6 drinks now included soda and water, no more complimentary non alcoholic beverages. As for those alcoholic ones, pathetic. Last year a full bar was available along with beer and wine. This year? Select beers, wine, and premade cocktails in a bucket. IN A BUCKET. WTH? I'm not a college kid in rocky point for spring break.  Vodka lemonade and rum punch- poorly mixed to boot- are sad excuses for cocktails. No appetizers were included this year and those $8 in food tickets? Well I used them in one fail swoop at Montana BBQ next door. The cost of food was ridiculous especially with the portions of some. I saw a few trucks like tom's bbq giving very shareable potions for $8-10 but I got about 6 cheese curds for $4 at another truck. I would like to note some great trucks though- Franks hot dogs and Chuckies topped it for me. Both excellent and worth the small wait. Sammich did it awesome too.  Didn't bother with the Maine Lobster Lady. $20 and over an hour wait for a sandwich was not cutting it. I'm sure it is excellent but that hour plus wait was just to order the thing... I am a huge truck foodie and visit them wherever I travel. I'm all good paying $10 for lunch anytime but this was a truck festival. Smaller portions for less money make it possible to try several trucks. Come early too since even the dessert trucks had super long lines by 2 pm. Making it miserable to stand in lines in the sun. I hop they make some changes for next year, especially with that VIP ticket. I feel completely ripped off on that purchase this year. The trucks will always get my business but it may not include this festival.
1	STREETEATS, STOP PULLING MY DICK!This festival sucked. I 100% agree with Francis (below)!We bought $50 VIP tickets and THAT part was actually okay. We wound up getting comped drinks. The Dj was fun and being in the shade with private bathrooms was a-ok. But then, if you crunch the numbers it boils down to this:$50 VIP cost breakdown:$12 entry fee$8 in food$30 in drinksVIP only portapottiesShade (tent with a DJ in it) & outdoor tables to sitIt's only a good deal if you plan on drinking a lot, anyway. But then, the $12 covers parking, and when people travel together....that's a lot of money per car going toward parking--a real scam if you ask me.The food part was ABYSMAL!! The food trucks didn't play fair. Smaller portions, triple prices. They were supposed to do better than that.We paid $4 for fried chicken. We got= 1 lousy drumstick.$8 for funnel cake. Got a measly plate  of mediocre fried dough with powdered sugar.We paid $4 for jambalaya. We got a $2 at best--sample size portion.We paid $15 for two skewers of meat on a stick. One was chicken and one was pork with  bacon.We paid $4 for bacon grilled cheese. We got 1/2 of a sandwich on paltry white bread.Eff NO!!!!Portland, Oregon has the food truck game down. Scottsdale can kiss my ass. Supposedly the vendors are charging less because they know how much we paid just to get inside the festival, but the truth is that is just not the case. All of them overcharged!No one played ball in a good/fair way. None of the food was good enough. The Lobster Lady line was over an hour long, and the lousy lobster rolls were $18 for a SMALL.The music is a bunch of kids. SUCKED.Food demo--most BORING thing ever.The whole thing just sucks. Don't waste your time there.
1	Go here for the trucks, NOT the food!  Overpriced, small portions and half the vendors aren't even "food trucks".  Sadly, you can get better (and less expensive) food at the state fair!  I had fun because I was with friends and family, but they were the highlight of the event, not the half-sized portions, overpriced drinks and long waits.  My wife said it well..."it took up an afternoon and was an interesting experience, but I'm not coming back next year".
2	Not worth it! I wasn't expecting to have to fork over so much cash. Luckily we had half priced tickets. If we ended up paying the full $12 just to get in the doors then pay an outrageous amount at each of the vendors, I would have been even more upset. The only plus was, I had some amazing tacos. But, that's it. We will definitely not be going next year.
1	This was our first and last time. Why is there an entry charge of $12/person??? We got our tickets on Groupon for $6/person. And why would we pay $2 for an ExtraHand cardboard box. You can't even SAMPLE other food trucks, it's just too darn expensive. We picked two FoodTrucks, cost $30. Add that to the entry fee and you can go to a sit down restaurant with no waiting line and clean bathrooms.
3	In this day in age with 2 TV stations totally devoted to food, and the main networks carrying programs on food. There are many shows totally devoted to Food Trucks and the foods they carry! MAJOR DISAPOINTMENT! Granted, they might have had more attendance then was expected and that might have caused some hangups with parking, ect... Can I tell you how glad I am that I did not have to stand in line that day to buy tickets!?! I would have left! We were fortunately gifted with VIP tickets! I would have been less than thrilled to have paid the admission and then food/drinks for our party. (BTW - It is a food festival - I could have gotten completely wasted on the amount of drink tickets that were given out, I think it would have been better to give more food vs drink tickets) The food trucks were pretty prepared for the most part and from reading past reviews I think that limiting the menu's available was probably a great choice and reflected in shorter lines... some lines were still fairly lengthy. VIP- What it got us $8 in food (which did hardly anything!) and 6 drinks! The VIP tent was really not that big and the tables were in the sun... still nice considering we had tables! (It was tucked back in an inconvenient corner, by the time you got food or had to go (portpottys)... it was go back to the other end!! There was a LOUD DJ in the VIP, too loud, you were barely able to yell your drink choice and we figured out it was easier to point to what we wanted) There were a few gals (toasted) dancing and enjoying the music, bumping into the drink line..) Enough of the VIP! The bands! I have to say the bands were great! My teen daughters enjoyed them as well as me and my hubby! Great enjoyable music. 57 trucks or so, had a mostly great selection.  The food was fairly overpriced for the most part and some items we totally regretted purchasing and couldn't even get the kids to eat. Some items we really enjoyed... All in All... not so sure we would go again, it would have been way to steep for our budget and if the tickets were not given to us we would have left MUCH earlier due to the expensive foods!
1	What a poorly managed event. Parking was horrendous and took 45 minutes to weave our way through the pre orchestrated maze.Then you got to stand in line for your over priced tickets which were $12. Then you got to stand in line for security check. Another line for wristbands to drink. Another line for tokens to buy over priced 8 oz glasses of beer for $6. And finally ridiculous long lines for the food vendors.There was little shade provided and I am appalled at how expensive everything was. We spent easily over $100 for the afternoon. I felt like we were hearded like cattle.  I won't do this again even if the tickets were free.
3	This event is for foodies.   Az lacks culture.  Having this event come to Scottsdale helped out a little.   I went with a group of 10 people.    Sure the price is a little steep for what you get.   I love doing family style everything, so splitting the costs between my friends was great.   My favorite truck was Devilicious that served Lobster Grilled Cheese.   Large chunks of good quality lobster with caramelized onions, chopped tomatoes and lots of cheddar cheese.  The bread had an amazing crunch to it.   Some ethnic trucks did disappointment me. When you see a Filipino Food truck, you would expect to see Filipino people work there, not even one.   So with that in mind,  I didn't try it.   Hopefully next year they will change some things around like the admission price.   I will go back, keeping in mind AZ is not a food truck destination.
3	The only way to have a relatively easy and pleasant experience is to get there before noon and buy your entrance ticket ahead of time [online].  I don't get the token thing.  Every event I have been too here at Salt River Fields requires tokens to purchase 90% of the food and beverages on sight.  Sadly I showed up (ticket in hand) after 2pm.  The line to get in for those who had not purchased tickets was LOOOOOOOOOOONG. We got in with no wait.  When we got in to the event the lines to get the tokens was LONG  and at many of the more popular food trucks lines were even LOOOOOOOOOOONGer.Having arrived hungry and having tried over 50% of the Food Trucks there in the past, my strategy was to find one of the shortest lines and eat.  I found a truck that was just serving ribs, fried chicken and smoked potato salad.  Ate happily while friends waited.  Good strategy is to split up, each get a couple of items from the selected truck and meet up to eat.  Why are people so leery about trucks with no line. To me they have offered many good surprises.  Come one sheeple try something new! You can get kettle corn and twisted taters at any street fair.
2	I have to say i was walking kind of funny after attending this festival.  Not from eating so much food that my stomach was about to burst.  But from the feeling of getting royally shafted in the you know what from this thing.  Before i even walked in the door i spent $44 dollars for food and tokens.  And those tokens were only good for 3 grilled cheese sandwiches, 2 bottles of water, and 1 side of tater tots.  I had to run and go get more tokens right after that. Just to find out i could have used my debit card at the truck itself.  We were there for over 3 hours and we only got 4 trucks.  The lines were beyond ridiculous.  You was waiting at least 45 minutes minimum at most trucks.  Even to get ice cream at the Kool Twists truck was another 20 minute wait after you ordered and paid for your ice cream.  The worse one of them all was the Maine Lobster Lady.  She had the longest line by no fault of her own cause she was actually a very sweet lady.  But the price she was charging for her Lobster rolls were very overpriced for the size.  That roll alone took 10 tokens which comes up to $20.  For this being the 3rd annual  you would think they would have a better handle on everything. The best organized thing there was the parking. It was cool to go there to try something different. But unless they do a good overhaul and organize it better than i think i'll pass on going again from here on out. I ended up spending $88 in all in those few hours i was there.  I could've went to a nice restaurant for that price and got a much better meal.  And why do i get a offer for some free Yelp schwag if i find the tent only to see that there was no Yelp tent at the event to be found.
2	Updating my review and dropping it to 2 stars (from 3)... I bought the shirt, not the tiny unrealistic women's shirt but a men's 2xl.... washed it one time and now the side twists around more to the middle and its too small to wear comfortably :-( I always buy big to allow for shrinkage, .. and then my man can wear it too... that theory didn't work! Another review also madee think think of something... She didn't understand the token concept, but thinking about it... genius! If everyone left with 1 or 2 tokens (or 3 like we did)??? Just imagine the extra profit from that!?!
4	I'm pretty sure I'm a fan because I had a discounted VIP admission. Not sure I'd enjoy it as much if I had to pay full price. While there was certainly a variety of trucks there, you really had to be strategic to get the best value for your tokens. I learned I'm not a fan of the latest fad food, ramen. Of the four items I sampled, I give the highest marks to BuzznBees (www.buzznbeezgoodfood.com). Lines were very manageable, however, there was not a lot of shade.(Oh! And, we looked all over for the Yelp booth and never found you! :( )
