5	Forget this is Bobby Flay's restaruant -- it's great! Our large 13 person party enjoyed a 3-hour lunch, simply decadent and never feeling rushed. Although the food was spectacular, our server was the highlight of the meal. She was very knowledgeable and involved, selecting excellent Spanish wines to pair with the food and offering suggestions for dessert and side dishes.
2	Good cooking techniques, creative presentation, but boring sauces that lack variety with fancy names, smokey flavour in the shrimp cakes will remind you of ball park hot dogs.  Exception was the shrimp tamale - quite tasty.  PS Bobby nothing personal but dancing on the cutting board didn't add any flavours to the food.
1	Mesa Grill, is Bobby Flay's restaurant. Like it name-sake, it sucks. I'm sorry but just because he's on the food network doesn't mean anything. Maybe, I'm the only person that feels this way but I only came here to see if maybe that although he's such a tool on TV, "He has to be a good chef/ restauranteer, right?" No. The answer is a resounding, "No." There are so many good eats in Vegas... especially at this price range, so I suggest you end up there instead.
2	I have to say I enjoyed the food, we both had steak. The thing was, it was literally the WORST dining experience i've ever had. First of all we had a reservation and waited for a table when it wasn't busy. Then we got seated and had to ask for a wine list after sitting for 5 minutes. Then we ordered sparkling water (which i don't really care about but it was my fiance's birthday!) and they brought us tap water. We ordered a nice bottle of wine but had to flag our server down to order, then to get bread, then to get our plates cleared, and then for the bill...and we were patiently waiting the whole time (i don't want my food spit in) Then the couple next to us decided to go through a divorce...I mean it. They were screaming at each other and the husband decided to get up and leave, he was totally piss drunk and stumbling. Then he came back only to greet the friends they were meeting and pretend they were okay. But the entire time they were screaming and yelling and the waiters at the station right behind them didn't say a word to them about their profanity, their volume or anything while we were spending over $100 and trying to have a romantic dinner. Totally ridiculous service...but the food was good. Better places to go.
2	I am a big Bobby Flay fan and was excited to eat at his restaurant.  I was with a buddy on business, so we just sat at the bar.  The service was poor, my steak was well-done (I ordered medium), and the wine that was recommended was fair.  Maybe cut one of your three shows on FoodTV and spend some time in Vegas training your staff.
4	Wow, I'm surprised at the wide range of experiences people have had at this place.  I went with friends last year, and until this year I thought it was the best steak I'd ever had.  It was cooked to perfection and had a really nice pepper rub that must have left a crust an inch thick.  If you're not into peppery crusts, then you might find the cow at this place not to your liking.  Anyway, the steak was great, the desserts were yummy, the side dishes were  average (as all sides seem to be in Vegas), the ambiance was not bad, and I can't remember what I had to drink during the meal.  As for the service, we had to wait a bit past our reserved time but the waitstaff performed in a prompt and satisfactory manner.  (That sounds kinda dirty, doesn't it?)  The restaurant was definitely crowded and loud, though.  Can't win 'em all, but I sure can deduct a star here and there...!
2	I was excited to eat here, due to all the hype of the restaurant.  As I had Saturday brunch here, reservations were no problem.  The food is tasty. I admit.  I had the salmon quesadillas, with salmon roe for appetizers and scrambled eggs with jalapenos and ham.  My only complaint was that they couldn't make my eggs with all egg whites or egg substitute, as the waiter said that the chef would not do it. I would assume that they would try to accommodate with my request, but they didn't. I guess customer satisfaction is not a top priority here.
1	I totally agree with Andrew W. on this one.  The food was just not up to par for the price.  The service was great - our server was hospitable.  Our only complaint on the service was that we waited forever to get the bill in order to pay. To get the reservation was a feat in itself.  We were near the restaurant so we went to the host stand to make reservations for the next day.  We were told to go through the Caesars Dining Reservation System, which practically wanted us to sign our life away before giving us the reservation.
4	I've been here twice and both times, the food was wonderful. I was actually surprised at their portions because for a trendy-ish, celebrity chef run restaurant the sizes are pretty small and ridiculousy expensive. but it wasn't frou-frou at all, our waiter was great and can't wait to eat there again!
5	I am a Food Network fan so wanted to try this place even though I have never really liked Bobby Flay or his shows. I have to say though, that since eating at Mesa Grill I almost feel a friendly bond between Bobby and I just because the food was so good. When I visited it was for Sunday brunch. Everything from the breads placed on our table to the Cesar salad, to the french fries, to the smoked prawn cakes, everything was beyond good. There wasn't much on the menu, at least for Sunday brunch, but I am glad I didn't pass up food this good just because the selection was small.
3	I never really liked Bobby Flay because he's a big d*ck on Iron Chef but after going to Mesa Grill I have a little bit more respect for the guy who puts corn chips in all his dishes.  I ordered the Pork Tenderloin that was delicious. Everyone at our dinner party enjoyed themselves and were even tempted to lick the sauce off their plates!! Of course they had an extensive wine list... but you should order their Mojito.. it was excellent!The service was okay... the place is practically full every night and they were obviously under staff.
5	I had an amazing dinner here and next time I'm in Vegas I will eat here again! We got there a bit early to grab a seat at the bar and try the Margarita's. The bartender David was super cool and very knowledgeable. We tried a couple different tequila's, as they have a good selection. He gave us a few recommendations on the menu and he was right on. Very cool guy!We had the squash blossoms for an app and they are very tasty. The sauce had amazing flavor. I had the huge NY steak and it was perfect. The homemade steak sauce was so good. It also came with a twice baked potato, tasty. B-friend  had the pork tenderloin and it was the best ever. Huge cuts and it also was served with two great sauces. Food had so much flavor!Service was very good and the decor is nice. Seating is a bit tight and you do need a reservation. You can eat at the bar, but there are only like 8 seats. I could not have been any happier!Very nice wine list too!!
3	if you can just get away from the whole Bobby-Flay-hating thing, this place is pretty good... they use the most amazing sauces in the most amazing ways... in fact, i think they pretty much just coat everything in the kitchen in sauce and then send it out.  even the silverware is tasty, it probably has residual sauce stuck between the tines.
5	The spice crusted new york steak with mesa steak sauce was excellent. Good sized portions. The server was very informative about the ingredients in the food, real cool about everything. I suggest making reservations, as this place gets busy! P.S. Dont go looking for this restaurant in the forum shops next to spagos etc. It's located on the casino floor of the Caesar's Palace.
5	Visited with a group of 7. Visited Mesa Grill 7/7/06 at 9pm. It was a weeknight.Food: 4 starsDecor: 5 stars Very trendy, cow hide chairs. casual vibe.Service: 5 stars They were attentive and removed plates properly. When my BF didnt touch his entree they noticed and took it off.Cost: 4 stars. way pricey yo.  Ordered:Sophie's Chopped Saladwith her own Special Dressing + Crispy Tortillas12. This was good, but hell, i can get this anywhereSpicy Tuna Tartarewith Blistered Serrano Chile Hot Sauce + Avocado Relish14. one of the best  ive ever had. this one was demolished in 3 minutes, fer serious.New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloinwith Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce + Sweet Potato Tamale with Crushed Pecan Butter31. This was my dish. good portions. love love love the tamale. it was sweet and moist. Yellow Corn Crusted Chile RellenoFilled with Wild Mushrooms + Goat Cheese+ Served with a Salad of Grilled Vegetables with White Truffle Oil23. this was instantly rejected by my BF and he loves chile rellenos.Southwestern Fries-$7  these were tasty enough but $7squash blossoms- deepfried and gooood. only came with 2 or 3 not enough to share.Quesadilla- overly cheesie. strangely sub par.Pros: the sweet potato tamale. great pork tenderloin, tuna tartareCons: pricey, not many veggie options.Overall: we couldnt wait to return. i dream about these tamales at night.
2	After a long day of work in Las Vegas for business. My coworkers and I decided we wanted to unwind. We chose Mesa Grill, Bobby Flay's restaurant in Las Vegas.Because we had a large group they shoved us into a private room that was dark and uncomfortable. To top it off, it took them at least an hour and a half for the food to come out. I ordered the steak and decided to share it with my coworker because of the large portion. The meat was tough and not seasoned well. Our waitress was overwhelmed and did not keep her composure. She made it awkward for us the entire time we were there. Everytime we asked for something she made it seem like a big chore.Our meal was expensive and not satisfying at all. I would never return to this restaurant.
4	Was here the night after eating at N9NE at the Palms.  Overall pretty good, but not nearly N9NE.  Food was good and service just slightly above average.  Signature pork loin was very good and very spicy, lamb porterhouse outstanding and the queso & blue chip appetizer was very good.
2	This place is almost a joke.  This place is about $20-per-plate overrated.  There is no justification in their foofiness and priciness.  Just because you use an open frame to grill something, it doesn't make it good or expensive.  In fact, my veal chop tasted like charcoal.  THAT was unacceptable.  If anything, this place is worth going to experience what recent Vegas dining experience is all about (overrated, expensive food)
3	Slash a third off the prices, and you have a very typical San Francisco fusion bistro.  There's nothing wrong with the food here--the grilled pork tenderloin with sweet potato tamale was very memorable.  It's just that among the cheap, smoky, overweight Vegas scene, the high tab comes off as pretentious and affected.
2	This Mesa Grill does not live up to the one in NY City. I've eaten here in two occasions: dinner and brunch, and was very disappointed both times. Almost all the dishes I had here were drawn with sauces, I think the sauce should enhance the dish not over powering it. The only dish I would recommend is the Spicy Chicken+ Sweet Potato Hash on their brunch menu@ $16.50(with Avocado, Tomato, Maytag Blue Cheese + Buttermilk Serrano Dressing), the dish was very nicely presented and was also hearty and filling. The other good thing here is their complimentary mini blue corn breads.I sincerely feel that the chefs at this location should step up to the plate, and really refine their dishes and cooking skills, inorder to meet the standard of the one in NYC.
4	i don't just throw out the word "orgasmic" in relation to food lightly because, i mean, not many things in the world can compare to the thing from which that adjective is derived, but the pork tenderloin at mesa grill. the pork tenderloin... oh god... the pork tenderloin......................... mmmmmm yes i am getting excited just thinking about the pork tenderloin at mesa grill. spicy and tender, it melts in your mouth.and you better savor it. cuz it's like $10 a bite. which is why i knocked off a star, because it's a tad bit pricy.
4	Always go to Bobby Flay restaurants for their drinks and appetizers (not entres).  You must try the quesadillas!!!  I still think about them.  The service is wonderful and the food (just the drinks and appetizers) isamazing.
5	As Food Network fans, we wanted to check this place out. The set up of the restaurant is really well done. It's spacious and inviting. We were sat up at the top in the back of the restaurant where we could see everything which was very nice. Ordered the Tiger Shrimp +Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale as our appetizer. While it was incredibly good, it is small for the price. The entrees though... oh the ENTREES! I had the Ancho Chile- Honey Glazed Salmon (mouth watering delectible!), my husband had the Coffee Spice Rubbed Rotisserie Filet Mignon (he still talks about it and the sauce!) and my friend had the much loved New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin (out of this world!) Best part was since she was newly pregnant, I got the chance to eat what was left on her plate, yes, even after eating my entire meal! We finished off with dessert which I believe was a flourless chocolate cake. Decadent!!! And I must add that the service was extraordinary. Another friend was trying to mess with the waiter by asking him to bring him bottles of beer that had a SPECIFIC date stamped on them and the server happily accomodated his insane requests! In between this craziness, he checked on us frequently and the plates were removed quickly & easily. I plan to always eat here whenever I'm in the area!
2	Don't get the crispy fish that looks at you while you eat it. I guess that's obvious, but it wasn't to us when we ordered it. We really had to pick around the bones and parts of this $30 dish to eat dinner. We also tried some Yucatan chicken skewers and they were fine, but not worth another trip back. I'd rather eat at a Fuddruckers and keep my $60, thanks.
4	Bobby Flay is not my favorite chef to watch on the food network since he mostly does BBQ stuff, but this restaurant was good for your meaty fare and I enjoyed it.  I got a steak and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned great.  My friends all liked their food also.  The only complaint I had was the waiter was a bit odd and seemed to really like one of my friends and kind of liked to loiter around and talk to us a little too much.  But other than that good place for steak.
4	Like most of the other reviewers, I felt that the service was quite good because the servers did an excellent job in food recommendations.  We were forewarned that the food would come off a little bit tangy-spicy and had no complaints.  I had the pork tenderloin with sweet potato polenta and it was quite good.  I tried the steak that my friend ordered and it was really really good.  I'm not a big steak person, but it definitely blew me away.  For dessert, I had the warm chocolate cake and it was very rich and GOOD...unless you are not a fan of rich chocolate cakes, you won't be disappointed.
4	Full of flavor -- smaller portionsBobby flay never fails in the flavor department.Excellent Pork (fairly spicy), very delicious cauliflower still not sure exactly what the creation was but a big plate of it any day of the week would make me smile. The lamb looked great, the chicken tacos were so-so, the signature tamale was not that impressive, but the wine selection was excellent. French fries were pretty good -- seasoned with paprika, salt, and cilantro. The dessert was by far my favorite! Apple pie & the Pear with tequila sorbet *mmm.*Date Rating: 7Pick up Scale: 3 (7 on a good night at the bar... you will probably wait for your table)Strong suggestions: Call ahead for a table.
4	I have a love for the kind of food Bobby Flay cooks. So, naturally, this was the place for me to try out his stuff for the first time. This restaurant was close to five stars but the service let me down.Went as a group of four on a weekend night (with reservations). We still had to wait about 10 minutes but that is not out of the ordinary on a Saturday in Vegas. The decor of the place is...unique. It's like some kind of post-modern-meets-old-southwest looks with colorful window tiles and earthy toned walls. Odd but cool. Anyways, the food was simply amazing. I can't remember anything I ate except for the Coffee Rubbed New York steak. That's because nothing else really mattered. It was a unique experience for steak and it was simply amazing. The sides that it came with were also amazing...wasabi mashed potatos and aspragus I believe. I loved it.The one complain was with the service...it took our waiter about 40 minutes to bring us our check at the end of the night..which was enough to ruin it for most of group (I was still happy with the steak). Looking at other reviews, maybe this was a one-time blunder or a rare occurance, but I can only speak to what I saw.Regardless...good center-Strip location the Caesar's...good decor...and awesome Bobby Flay food!
3	If you are looking for great decor and exotic flavors from a celebrity chef, then Mesa Grill is a great fit.  But if you just want good food, then you won't get your money's worth.  Then again, you're in the heart of Vegas when you go to the Mesa Grill at Caesar's Palace, so that shouldn't really surprise you.PROS:- Good service, great for groups (reservations are a must)- Desserts are very popular, and you can do a sampler for the tableCONS:- Not a good value, but if you are looking for value, then you should be going to a buffet
2	What inspired me to go here for my birthday was the fact that I am a pure Food Network junkie.  I decided to have my birthday dinner her with knowing that this was as close to Bobby Flay as I would get.The atmosphere is nice because you can see the kitchen in action and the overall place is huge!The staff here is a bit on the snobby side I have to admit.  I slipped twice across the restaurant floor and no one even stopped to see if I was ok.  Talk about a law suit waiting to happen.The food here was ok.  My mouth always salivates when I watch Iron Chef or any one of his hundreds of shows.  I even saw Mesa's grand opening on the Food Network.  Unfortunately, this place just didn't meet my expectations and doubt that I will ever go back only because the food did not have me wanting to crawl (off the floor) for more.  We ordered a three course meal and could not recommend any of the dishes that I ordered since they weren't that memorable.  The taco appetizer was good, but not OMG good.  TIP: Don't believe the hype.  Skip it.
5	Yum Mesa Grill is a really upscale restaurant located at the Caesar's Palace in LV. I ordered their Venisen off the regular menu, medium rare and it was super, super delicious!  Now i never tried venisen before and was told the meat was simliar to lamb and it was quite a good description.  My dish came out on 2 chops, kinda stingy but it was filling to say the least.  The order comes with a mini corn cake on the side, VERY VERY small, a dark brown sauce that is pretty good...a little bit sweat and tangy , but basically the dish is served a la carte.  I would recommend ordering a side of something... my friends got mashed potatoes, some got fries, and another ordered a blue-corn pancake thing that was $14 and not very good..haha.  I had an opportunity to try their NY-Steak $40 on their menu and it was probably the best tasting meats I've ever had.  It was really full of flavor and not blood or running in any way.  I'm sure they let it sit out after cooking to hold in the juices or it was frozen before grilling.  The meat was pretty rare even though it was supposed to be cooked medium.  Overall this place is good, very good, but very expensive.  Be prepared to shell around at least $50 per person.  Like the other reviews, this place is GREAT to bring your girl friend, wife, husband, parents, in-laws....very impressive.
3	I had brunch here with 7 other friends. The order was as follows (Best to Worst, 1-6): Bread Assortment (complimentary)There were about four different kinds. A couple of them were a little spicy with jalapeno, very good overall. (3) Queso Fundido $12A light goat cheese fondue with bits of peppers served with blue tortilla chips. I've had this one before at the NYC location and it's consistently good.(1) Spicy Chicken + Sweet potato hash $18Great breakfast dish. It came with with poached eggs and a green chile hollandaise sauce.(1) Scrambled Eggs Chiliquiles with Roasted Tomatillo SauceWhite Cheddar Cheese + Creme Fraiche $14Another great dish. It came with one of the same sauces as the chicken dish, but it was a solid sauce.I had no clue what Chiliquiles were, so here's the wikipedia for your reference:Chilaquiles is a traditional Mexican dish consisting of fried or dried tortilla chips, bathed in green or red salsa or mole and broiled or grilled with a cheese topping. Sometimes chicken strips are mixed into the sauce, or the dish can be served with a fried egg on top or a strip of meat alongside.They are most commonly eaten at breakfast time, served alongside with fried or scrambled eggs or a Mexican style grilled beef. Moreover, chilaquiles are often lauded as a cure for the common hangover.Unlike nachos, which are served as a crispy snack, chilaquiles are a main dish and are not served until the tortilla chips are thoroughly soaked and softened by the salsa. This makes them a popular recipe for stale chips or those with a bad taste as the other flavors mask the chips'.(5) Mesa Burger $16The most memorable part of this dish was the price. The fries were pretty good; crispy outside, seasoned well. But, nothing special about the burger.(6) New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with Grilled Red Onion, Arugula, andAncho-Chile Mayonnaise $15I thought this was the worst of the dishes. The beef was tender, but it lacked flavor, was too thin, was initially served cold and the bread was too thick for the sandwich. The waiter said the previous bakery burned down and they were testing new bread. The ancho mayo was good, but the flavor was overpowered by the 2 lbs. of bread.(4) Grilled Mahi Mahi with Roasted Pineapple-Cascabel Chile Sauce and Caramelized Pineapple-Green Onion Salsa $24I was hung over, which is the only way I could why I order this dish. The sauce was good and the fish seemed to be lightly scented with honey. The texture was a little dry. Overall, not worth $24. The waiter said it was the best thing on the menu, maybe he meant the priciest thing on the menu.My friend got a bloody mary. I'm not a fan of tomato juice or blood for that matter, but it looked of pretty good quality. ServiceVery slow. Starting with the water, to the other drinks, to the bread, to the starter, and ending with the entrees. They were consistent with it, at least. And still kind of pissed that he recommended the mahi mahi.So, what did we learn? For brunch, stick to the br and stray from the unch. Based on my experience in NYC, you may want to try dinner also and stick to red meat.
5	Caveat - This review is for brunch only.  We were pleased to see that we gained some comps at Ceasar's and headed over to Mesa Grill for some free brunch.  The decor is modern and bright with primary colors decorating the bar and more subtle hues throughout the dining room.  Our waitress was prompt in every way.  She brought us the delicious bread basket, which included a piece of Mesa Grill's cinammon roll, some jalapeno biscuits, and yellow and blue cornbread muffins.  My hubby and I ordered the same dish - the spicy scrambled eggs.  The fluffy eggs came mixed with jalapenos, goat cheese, and green onions, and were topped with apricot glazed ham.  They were served with two wonderful buttermilk biscuits.  The goat cheese and jalapenos combined for the perfect explosion of flavor without either flavor overwhelming the dish.  I am not usually a ham person, but this ham was top notch.  I think we will add Mesa Grill's brunch to our regular stops when we are in LV.  It was really that good.
4	I couldn't wait to go to this restaurant..it's Bobby Flay afterall!Food: -Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin=HUGE and amazing! A little spicy, in a good way.  The sauces it came in were amazing as well.  Highly recommeded.-My friend got the Chipotle Glazed Rib-eye and a side of the chile relleno, which I also tried and the steak was like buttah, literally.  SO yummy! I thought my dish was much spicier though, so if you want something more mild, this is a safe bet.Drinks: -white peach margarita: much too sweet for my taste, too syrupy-cactus pear margarita: delicious, slightly tart, and strong. highly recommeded.*Mesa Grill is located in the back end of the casino in Caesars Palace.  Don't get confused (like I did) and assume it's in the Forum Shops area.
2	Oh, Bobby Bobby Bobby.... With your cocky attitude and plastic smile, your condescending behavior to everyone, you are indeed the vision of the American white man I hate. He should be grateful he's never met me in person.But, when going on a celebrity chef tour, you can't reject Bobby Flay. This is the greatest excuse for me to talk shit. We walked in and his books with all his smiles welcomed us. Yes, buy my books before you sit down. The interior is nice and fiery, a visual representation of what he wants his food to be. It's all good and all, but what the hell is up with the bar being a completely different color scheme and even art style that clashes so horribly with the rest of the place? Another freshly graduated interior designer, it seems. "MESA" is the big name you see no matter where you're sitting, in an oddly half-cut big block lettering. Nick commented "I wonder if anyone told Bobby that half his letters are missing." The logo makes no sense with the interior design either, all of which just says to me "failure".I did not keep the receipt but I still remember a good part of the meal.Tiger shrimp tamales, an appetizer, is an absolute must in trying Bobby's food. It is an absolute must because he always makes it. So you have to eat it, because it is his signature dish. Obviously it is his favorite, so he better do this right. And it is good. I'd hate to say it, but it's a well-made tamale. Sure not exactly Mexican, but it tastes pretty good. It had all of two shrimps. A spicy mayo sauce is gooped onto it. A ceviche turned out to be leftover bits of grouper fish tossed in lemon juice. The fish was nice and fresh, but that ain't ceviche. Two different fish dishes were decent, good ingredients prepared by good workers. Such a pitiful thing that Bobby does is overpower everything by drowning them in sauces. You don't really taste the meat, you taste the sauce. And Tony Bourdain was right. You can tell all too easily that the sauces came out of squeeze bottles. And before then they came out of blenders. Something... that just kills the cooking essense of cooking.The dessert was at least very good, worth going to Bobby's for. Warm chocolate crepes with strawberries, with plenty of warm goopy sauce around it.The best part of the meal, and I've had too many experiences like this at "fine dining" places, was the free bread that was passed around. Corn bread with actual corn chunks (to remind you that you're eating corn bread), was a bit more crumbly than I would like (it just means crumbs everywhere!!) but it did have the corn flavor goodness. With warm butter (although that made it crumblier) it was better.I watched a steak being served to another table, and the load of peppers and sauce on top of it made me cringe. As we left the books bid us farewell.
4	We came to Mesa for dinner.  We ended up getting several appetizers as our meal and were not disappointed.  I had the Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ Duck.  OMG, it was amazing.   The other appetizers ordered were Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale and Smoked Chicken + Black Bean Quesadilla.  We were very happy with our selections.    We ordered our usual drinks wine for the girls and whiskey sour for Dad (which again wasn't doctored or sent back).   We were close to the kitchen, so were were constantly amazed at the size of the entrees.  The appetizers were the perfect size for our meal.
3	I'll admit it, I don't like the guy. So when I was told dinner would be here, wasn't particularly impressed to begin with. The food confirmed most of what I thought about Flay. There are moments of food brilliance overshadowed by the notion that whatever is plated is great. First off, the good. The prawn and corn tamales which haven't been removed from the menu since opening are wonderful. Very rich, corny, and the prawns cooked absolutely perfectly. One of the better tamales I've had whether or not you like traditional or more fusion type. The blue corn muffins were good, as was the accompanying ciabatta and cranberry breads. The sixteen spice chicken was good and spicy. Fairly juicy as well. The accompanying tamale was very good. The side tamales all seemed to be done nicely. The steaks were decent, though not spectacular. Each was cooked exactly as ordered, not an easy feat. The desserts were wonderful. Amongst the group, we basically got the sampler which gave us each and every dessert on the menu. They were all very good and well presented. Particularly tasty desserts were the strawberry chocolate chip shortcake, frozen peanut butter parfait, walnut flan, and coconut macadamia cake. The service is what you would expect for the restaurant. Friendly and attentive when needed, unobtrusive when not. Now for the not so good. The wine list was very unimpressive for a restaurant of this caliber. It was also not priced well as it was very top heavy. The quesadilla appetizers were ok. Each had the potential to be good, however the paired sauces overpowered the interiors.The mains disappointed several of us. Each of the seafood dishes were overcooked. The orange sauce for the grouper did not go well with char. The salmon seemed to have little spice. The scallops relatively bland. The pork was also overcooked, though the person ordered it well.  I was far from impressed by the food, and I didn't even have high expectations. I admit I was stuffed, but mostly because I ate my weight in desserts. Our group did not leave hungry, just maybe yearning for something a little better from such an accomplished chef.
4	We had an amazing meal here.  Starting with the lovely bread basket, especially the blue corn muffins, everything was really just solid.  We shared the prawn tamale as a starter and it was perfect.  Very tasty for something so incredibly simple.  Moving on to mains, two of us had the filet mignon which I have to say was amazing.  I dont' often find filet to be so flavorful but this had a perfectly spicy crust and a mushroom sauce that complimented but didn't overpower.    My firends had the scallops and both were pleased with their meal.  For sides we had the pesto mashed potatoes which were creamy and tasted great and the spinach which, unfortunately, was nothing special.  The wine list was nothing special...too bad, because I would have like a better selection.  The service was absolutely excellent.  I would recommend.  A lot of times the Vegas outlets of good restaurants don't live up to the original but this one most definitely does.
4	Date: June 2007Who: 1 adultBill: ~$85I realized that I was subconsciously avoiding all Bobby Flay restaurants up till now. Dunno why, maybe the whole looking like a dork in the first Iron Chef deal vs. Morimoto thing but I had no desire to eat at his joints.The wife suggested I try during my last trip it so I gave it a shot. I was pleasantly surprised. I went in without any expectations and came out a happy camper.Everything here as flavor. Big flavor. The caesar salad has sausage bits, the creamed cauliflower is loaded with tasty, creamy, delicious cheese, and the ribeye is served with a nice spicy sauce. The duck pancake was surprisingly good. A bit heavy on the bbq sauce but the habinero gave it a nice kick. The ribeye was also perfectly cooked. I get annoyed these days because everyone always seems to overcook my beef but they did it just right. That being said, I don't necessarily think the cut of meat or preparation was all that great. Did that make sense? They cooked it great, the sauce was great, but it didn't seem like they started with something all that great or aged it at all so the meat wasn't as tender as I would have expected. It was really good but I've had better.I enjoyed everything and would probably take the wife here if she ever stepped foot in this land of debauchery. I thought the price was in line with other restaurants in the same class.
5	I have a major crush on Bobby Flay, so when I won some cash playing blackjack I made the hubs go with me to Mesa Grill for din-din. (He didn't really mind, though. Hubs is always down for din-din.)We thought "Hey, it's a random Monday night, we won't need reservations." Well, we thought wrong. We got there at around 7pm and their first available seating for 2 was at 9:30. No thanks. (Note: Next time make reservations) Our option was to eat dinner at the bar, so we decided to do that. This was a good choice...about 30 minutes later the bar was totally full and we would have had no choice but to wait. Any-hoo, we loved our meal. I had a mojito, we split the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale as a starter. It's one of my boyfriend Bobby Flay's signature dishes and it was supper tasty. Then for dinner I had the Sixteen Spice Crusted Chicken (I don't really eat fish or red meat. Yet, I really wanted to eat here. It's amazing what a crush will make a girl do.) and hubs had the Mahi Mahi. He's bummed he didn't get a steak...I don't know what his problem was, but he said he didn't see the steaks on the menu. WTF?! Oh, and we shared a side of corn as suggested by the bartender. We loved ALL of our food. The flavor in everything was amazing and we were pretty much licking the plate. I'm not a foodie by any stretch of the imagination. I don't know how to describe all the flavors. For me there is bad, okay, good and really good. This was all really good. Mmm. I also enjoyed the decor of the place. Hubs and I had fun spotting the subtle flame decor spattered here and there. My crush is now worse than ever. Maybe I'll start eating fish and red meat just so I can eat there again and try something new.
5	I only come here for brunch.  Been here twice over about 6 month.   It's part of the Harrah's chain (located in Caesars), so I can use my comps.  Even without the comps, the brunch prices are reasonable, especially for such a celebrity restaurant.  The seating areas are multi-leveled, with high ceiling, giving an open and relaxed feel and a good view of the rest of the restaurant.  Perfect atmosphere for brunch.As for the food, everything was delicious.  Starting with the good variety of breads.  I ordered a tuna tartar - every thing's great here.  But the best was the beef steak burrito with eggs.  So rich, tender and flavorful.  Can't get enough of it.
4	After being told that if everyone in our party didnt show up for our reservation, we would be charged $50/person penalty (wtf!!), we all showed up on time to find the place half empty (for Saturday brunch).  They should have been kissing the floor we walked for our business...jeez.Anyways, onto the Pros:- white peach margarita: not too sweet, but still very tasty.  nice and tart- bread basket: the BEST bread basket I've EVER had.  complete with blue corn muffins, blueberry coffeecake, jalapeno cheddar scones, tequila scones, and some other really yummy scone thing.  they gave us plenty of each so everyone in my group had a taste of everything.- egg chilaquiles: I think I misunderstood what these are supposed to be, but regardless, the dish was amazing!  Think scrambled eggs on top of corn tostadas which were layered with white cheddar.  Everything was covered in this delicious green sauce.  The sauce was soo flavorful, I couldnt stop eating even though I was wayy to full from the bread basket and appetizer.Cons:- goat cheese fundido:  well, not a con cause it was gooood. but nothing special.  - I had seen this mushroom quesadilla appetizer on their lunch menu online, but since we were there for brunch, they only had these other salmon quesadillas.  I asked them if they could make me a mushroom one, and they refused saying that the ingredients wouldnt have been prepared.  Maybe I'm naive about these things, but um it was 12:30...and they had all the quesadilla fixings put together for brunch anway...just add the mushrooms!!  I'm paying enough to deserve a little more flexibility.  Again, shows you how puffed up they are.All in all, the bread basket and the chilaquiles make up for not giving me a mushroom quesadilla.
3	I'm not the biggest Bobby Flay fan... not especially on American Iron Chef but I figured I would give his food a chance after my third time in Vegas this summer.We couldn't get dinner reservations on our first night so we went there for lunch yesterday.  Service was good from the moment we stepped into the restaurant.  It's not such a fancy shmancy restaurant actually.  It's decent... but nothing that'll make you go 'wow!'.  Maybe a little dated?  I don't know.... can't put my finger on one specific thing.We got a couple of magaritas which were ok... my white peach one was well... peachy and a little like... ummm... cough syrupy lol but I don't think that's the fault of the bartender... For appetizers, I got the blue corn pancake with duck (probably my first time ordering duck prepared non-Chinese way) and my husband got the rough chopped raw tuna taco.  Yes we had to admit, we were impressed!  They said the tuna would be VERY spicy and while it didn't turn out to be super spicy (we are serious spicy food eating folks) it did have a very nice kick.  My duck was tasty and the combination of the flavors came together very nicely.I'd initially intended to order the pork tenderloin sandwich but the waitress swayed me to order Flay's signature dish the cuban burger sandwich... plus it came with fries so i relented very easily :)  The husband got the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash (not spicy at all).  Well, they were good but it was kind of disappointing... sort of blah... after the two great appetizers.  Both servings were also very big... so make sure you are ready to share :)  If you like thin crispy fries like me, they have good fries here.  Not the best (Shultzy's Seattle) I've had but good.It was a good experience.  We left happy but decided it was not a place that left us planning to come back soon.  If it was a group of people and suggested this place, we would come back but we wouldn't suggest it.  ...it is a good menu to please a large audience :)BTW, if you can't get reservations and they offer you to walk-in and try a table at the "lounge area"... DON'T!  It's merely a bunch of low narrow chairs around two low tables... not a place I would have a meal!
5	I could care less about Bobby Flay, it's not like he was back there slaving over my pork tenderloin.We had reservations, arrived and were seated right away on a Friday night. So far, so good. Drinks were big and strong. The appetizers arrived and presentation and flavor were wonderful. The same could be said about the main courses. Everything that everyone in our party ordered was fantastic. The servers were helpful, friendly, and fast. I was a little worried that "Southwestern Cusine" might be hard to pull off, but while the flavors were bold, it was tastefully done and not overpowering at all. A great restaurant.
4	Only have been here once for lunch, and it was great.  Not a huge lunch menu but what we had was excellent.  Definitely a new take on southwestern fare, certainly not your traditional mexican restaurant.  A definite must in Vegas.
5	Bobby Flay seems like kind of a jerkface. That said, his food is fantastic!! His restaurant is located in Caesar's and, if you sit near a wall, you can watch all the sports games and stats while you eat. Or you could just stick your face into your food, which is actually a wise choice.We tried three appetizers: the shrimp and grouper ceviche, the queso fundito, and the fried green tomato and blue crab salad. All three were really good, but my favorite was the tomato blue crab. It was limey and cilantro-y and glorious. The queso was amazing, too, but how hard is it to melt cheese? I had the salmon for my entree. It's true that all the food is floating in pools of sauce with more, different sauce dribbled on top of them from a squeeze bottle, but the sauces are TASTY. The salmon came in a puddle of black bean sauce with a really really spicy, flavorful ancho chile sauce drizzled over it. The salmon was honey-glazed, flakey and fres. My only complaint is that a wild Alaskan would have improved upon the already fantastic dish.However, my friend had the 16-spice chicken, which, incidentally, was on Iron Chef that very week, and I reccomend that EVERYONE get it. I didn't want to order the same thing as one of my dining companions, but I wish that I had. The chicken was AMAZING. The spice rub was a little sweet for my taste, but the chicken itself was cooked to perfection. I've never had such well-cooked chicken before. It was juicy, plump, no dryness at all, even in the white meat.  As for side dishes, the corn is yummy, but the cilanro pesto mashed potatoes takes the cake. I couldn't stop eating them.So that's what I reecomend: the 16-spice chicken and the cilantro pesto mashed potatoes. Get it and eat carefully and deliberatly. Then pretend you're an Iron Chef judge. It'll be fun, I promise.
2	THE RESERVATION!Called one week earlier to make a reservation, got charged $100 nonrefundable fee ( just in case we don't show up ).Arrived at the place at  8 pm and was told table not ready, and that they'll get us shortly! Five mins passed checked with hostess, nothing!Ten mins passed, checked with hostess, NOTHING! 15 mins passed and guess what happened, yeap NOTHING!  At that point my husband told the bitch, OOOPS hostess. " You either seat us now or else we're leaving and we owe you nothing! "It's utter B.S. to charge us for a reservation when the restaurant can't keep their end of the bargain. We were seated 5 mins. later!!!THE FOODWe told the waitress to hook us up with their best dishes, their signature items,  what they are known for, so she recomended duck appetizer, shrimp tamale, lamb chop and we split a caesar style salad.. The duck was lukewarm sitting inside a pancake!!! GROSSThe shrimp tamale tasted like something you get from costco and microwave, the lamb chop came with sweet and sour sauce & chutneys relish ( indian!!) and was very forgetable! The salad was good!!!  I gave them  2nd star for that !THE DECORWtf- Tomato stickers on glass partitions, 50 identical 2ft high multy colored mexican carafes occupying one whole wall; Bobby Fleys cook books covering the whole front desk area...THE VERDICTDon't make the same mistake we did, don't waste your time or $$$  on this place!
5	Forget that this is Bobby Flay's namesake.  Seriously.  It's good.  No,  it's great.  The menu is small and rotates with the season.  Everything on the menu sounds so good so it is really hard to narrow down a decision.  The menu consists of mostly meat and fisg cooked in the southwest/fusion style.  I would  say vegetarians should stay away since there is only one veggie option on the menu. Of all the appetizers the roughcut raw tuna nachos are my favorite.  A huge mound of spicy tuna with handcut chips.  Not too spicy but full of flavor. The rabbit that I ordered was cooked perfectly.  My husband's mole venison was better than I expected.  On another trip we had tuna,  buffalo Steak and a Scallop dish.  Again, the food did not disappoint.  No matter how stuffed you are at the end of the meal be sure to ask for a dessert menu.   Like the regular menu the desserts seem to be different each time we have dined.  My two favorites have to be the new style ice cream sandwhich with spicy pumpkin ale ice cream and homemade gingerbread crisp, and the chocolate crepes.  Unlike any crepes I have ever ordered.  I am getting hungry just thinking about them.  If you decide to dine hear you must have a reservation.  It's located in Caesar's and you can't miss it.  A definite must try when in Las Vegas.
2	Overall, I was disappointed by this Iron Chef America restaurant.  Just so everyone has full information, I do not like Bobby Flay.  On Iron Chef he is so cocky, and I bet you nine times out of ten, his dishes will consist of the secret ingredient plus some blended sauce made of tomatillos and habaneros.  But, I have also watched his throwdown show, and people seem to like his food.  And the guy looks like he can grill up some mean meat.  So I was excited to try his restaurant.         On to the review:My friend made the reservation for six people and they took her credit card down because if you're late or miss the reservation, they will charge you $50 per person!  Needless to say, we were on time.Bread Basket:  The free bread basket they bring you at the start of the meal was really good.  It is an assortment of muffins, coffee cake, and breads.  I must say that the jalapeno cheddar bread was damn good.     Appetizers:  The rough cut tuna nachos were good, but small portions.  7 tiny chips to be exact.  I know because after each of us only took one chip, there was only one left on the plate.  The fish was fresh and tasty, but the sauce may have been a little bit too sweet for me.  The bacon and hashbrown quesadilla was nothing special.Entrees:  I though Bobby Flay, have to get a meat dish, right?  So my friend and I both ordered the pork sandwich.  I wouldn't order it again.  The sandwich was dry and just didn't do anything for me.  Very little pork for such thick bread.  French fries were good with a nice little spice to them.  The steak tartar was good, the best entree in my opinion.  The spicy chicken and sweet potato hash was just weird tasting.  I did not like it all, but maybe that's just my tastes.  The egg and steak dish was bleh....steak, eggs, tortilla, salsa, sour cream, and guacamole, it wasn't baaad per se, just not great.  My other friend ordered the spicy egg dish which I did not try because I don't particularly care for goat cheese, however, the ham that came with it was pretty good, but not spectacular.  Dessert:  We got the chocolate cake, which was good, but I've had way better at other places.  Nothing transcendent here.  Everyone in my group felt the same way about the food...disappointing.  I wouldn't return back there to eat.  Our waiter was really good, and the decor is nice inside.  (But isn't the decor nice in all Vegas hotel restaurants?)  I would give it 2 1/2 if we could give 1/2s.  My advice:  skip it (at least for brunch).
4	I know you guys might hate me, but I really do love Bobby Flay..yes even with his cocky attitude.I just got back from our Las Vegas getaway. Just the two of us. Last night was our last night in Vegas, and I must say it was the perfect way to end our trip.I called last week for reservations, Friday @ 830pm. (They ask for a credit card number to hold your reservation, but it doesn't get charged.)We got there around 8:20pm and were seated immediately. I was a bit scared because I read some of the reviews about not being seated right away and what not...and being that it was a Friday night scared me even more. The hostess was very nice (greeted us immediately upon arrival).Our waitress was very helpful and informative..she gave us recommendations and what not.. I normally don't order pork..EVER..but the way she described the Pork Tenderloin definitely had me sold.. The BF and I shared the Shrimp + Grouper Ceviche, which had about 1 and a half shrimp in it, but it was still good, very flavorful. I ordered the tenderloin and he ordered the rib-eye with a side of mashed potatoes with cilantro pesto. My tenderloin literally melted in my mouth and the sweet potato tamale was soo good. The BF felt that his rib-eye was too spicy, because half way through he was starting to breathe really hard..hhaaha. Both meats were cooked perfectly (medium)..his mashed potatoes were very good, I'm pretty sure it had tons of butter/milk/cream in it..because it sure did taste that way..but it was goood.The bread was good, it came with a spread, which I thought was butter in the beginning..it tasted more like havarti or some sort of soft cheese.. it was cute too, it was molded to say MESA..cool!After dinner, we decided to share a warm chocolate cake.. presentation was very nice, but the chocolate cake was a bit disappointing..it could've used more microwaving or something.. Overall, very good experience...the service is great.1 appetizer, 2 glasses of wine, 2 entrees, 1 cup of coffee, and 1 dessert later, our bill came out to be $150, which is what we had anticipated..with gratuity and all, it came out to close to $200.I wanted to give this place 4 stars, but the BF said 3.5.. so 3 it is.. I definitely want to come back to try the brunch and the lunch the next time I'm in town.(edit) sept. 3rd 2007... i had to do it..im giving it 4 stars...dont tell the bf. thanks.
2	There were six of us and only two people like their food.  That tells you something.  Most of the dishes were not very flavorful.  It was kind of bland and boring.  For the price we paid I much rather go to Roy's for better food at a cheaper price.  Whats with these mediocre fine dinning?
5	My wife is a huge Bobby Flay fan, so I've gone to all of his restaurants.  I've been to the Mesa in NYC.  This one is much better.We went to the Vegas Mesa for brunch.  It was incredible.  The restaurant is beautiful.  The giant grill is a great visual feature.  The bread basket was really tasty.  The seasoned eggs were amazing.  Some of the best eggs I've ever had.The service was great.  The waiter was on top of things.
4	It seems most reviewers who have a problem with Mesa usually have a problem with Bobby Flay or the ridiculous reservations process. Thankfully, we were able to make a walk-up reservation and were seated in half an hour. Also, I don't watch Bobby Flay so I have no opinion about what a jackass he is or isn't. Overall, I enjoyed my meal at Mesa and would recommend it. True, it is a pricey meal...I had a glass of wine and the spice encrusted NY strip with pesto mashed potatoes for around $75. However, I've had much more expensive dinners that have completely sucked ass, and I did not expect Mesa to be cheap. My steak was amazing - I have no idea how meat can have so many subtle flavors but this did. Others in my party ordered the twice-baked potato and regretted it once they tried my mashed.My only complaint about the restaurant was that the ambiance was rather weird. The service was prompt and our waiter was knowledgeable, but the ambiance just seemed rather stiff and too formal. If Mesa would just loosen up and not take itself so seriously, I'd give it five stars.
4	I've been once for brunch and once for dinner, and both experiences were memorable and delicious.  My gut says you could find a better price for a similar-quality meal in Vegas but it also says "I am fat and happy, so stfu and feed me good food again."It's been a little while, and the details of the meals are starting to fade, but the small plates really shine.  Get the (raw) tuna nachos and the chicken quesadilla.  You won't be disappointed.Most dishes are spicy.  Some are too spicy, to the point where the pepper dominates the flavor.  Maybe that's the point.  Somehow, I don't think so.On the other hand, (once we managed to sit -- we waited about 15 minutes even with a reservation) our service for a table of 4 was nearly impeccable.  There seemed to be an argument between our waiter and the sommelier on the size of the dessert wine bottle we were recommended (it was too small, and another was suggested), but it didn't detract from the meal, and it was kinda funny to see the collision of two egos...
5	We stumbled upon Mesa at Caesar's Palace while we were looking for a place to eat for dinner. At first, we thought it was overpriced Chevy's. But once I walked in and saw Flay's books for sale, I suddenly wondered..."Is this Bobby Flay's restaurant...?" After that I was excited to try the food and I have to say that I was NOT disappointed.Food: The food was so delicious! We started off with the Yucatan Chicken Tacos, which was superb. The chicken, grilled onions, cilantro, and sauce had great taste and texture. For our entrees, Eddie had the Pork Tenderlion served medium, which he LOVED and I had the 15 (or was it 18) Spice Chicken, which was very good! Eddie also loved his tamale and we both loved the Cilantro Mashed Potatoes, which we ordered as a side. A+++ for the food!Service: We were a walk in, so unless we wanted to wait an hour for a table, we could sit at the bar, which we did. And it was fine! Our waitress was attentive. She was also very knowledgable about the menu, which was great!Price: A pricier restaurant, but if you are going to dine at Caesar's it's actually a cheaper place to go unless you want to go to the overpriced steakhouse next store or to the crummy buffet. Also, the price was well worth the quality and taste of the food.Overall: We are definitely going back to the restaurant again the next time we are in Vegas. And when we go back to NY, we are planning on eating at his place over there as well!
4	Mesa GrillThe restaurant decor is absolutely stunning. The wait staff is abundant and the place was teaming with high rollers and gorgeous people, then again why not, it's Bobby Flay's place, and it's in Caesars Palace.We only had appetizers; I plan on going back for dinner later this year. $14.00 Goat Cheese "queso fondido" It had rajas and blue corn strips. I've had better goat cheese, but the idea of goat cheese in fondido sparked my curiosity, unfortunately the dish did not satisfy my curiosity. The rajas were rajitas, meaning they were sparse. The blue chips were too thin, they broke when you dipped them into the fondido. Did I mention the presentation was awesome. Next we had Crispy Squash Blossoms $15.00. Filled with Ricotta Cheese, Corn and basil with yellow Haberno sauce. I think I remember 3 or 4 on the plate. It was the only appetizer we completely devoured. They were fresh, crisp and very tasty. Wish we had two orders of Blossoms. They reminded me of chile rellenos without the pepper. Encore!!Next was the Blue Corn Pancake $15.00. It had BBQ Duck and a habanero Chile -Star Anise Sauce. Nice idea, but someone spilled the Hosin sauce into the Habenero sauce and ruined the whole concept. The duck was on the dry side and the pancake tasted like a corn pancake. A little oil and butter in the batter would have done wonders to the pancake. Nice try, but it needs to be re-worked or change the price to two bucks. Wild Mushroom Quesadilla, came with white bean hummus and white truffle oil. $14.00. Not a home run, but I would say at least a double. It was tasty and moist. Had some magic chile powder sprinkled on top of the tortilla that needs to be reformulated. A call to McCormick should remedy this. I think a little garlic-butter instead of the chile powder would have earned a triple with me. I'm looking forward to going back sooner than later. The appetizers were good, but I can't wait to try the steak or lamb. I really love their open kitchen and the action behind the three dedicated grills in plain view for all the customers to witness their food being grilled fresh. I'd estimate this place does 15 to 17 million in annual sales given the number of tables, the bar and the advance notice we had to give just to get a reservation.  Great Job Bobby! Rock On Dawg.
5	I never cared for Bobby Flay as a person (what I've seen of him on Iron Chef) but I've been a big fan of his shows, "Boy Meets Grill" and "Throwdown with Bobby Flay" for the great stuff he comes up with all the time. His food isn't too heavy on the sauces, butter, o.o. and he proved us right at this wonderful restaurant. Anyway, for my 2nd year wedding anniversary, I booked the MESA Grill at Caesar's in Vegas to celebrate (before we went next door to the Mirage to see The Beatles:LOVE by Cirque du Soleil, which was another 5-star performance).We ordered the "rough cut tuna tartar with mango hot sauce and avocado cream" appetizer, as well as Yucatan chicken tacos with spicy peanut smoked bbq sauce and fresh mint and cilantro. For main, we split the veal chop recommended by our attentive server, and that came with a wild rice tamale filled with sage butter. We added a side of cornmeal-crusted Anaheim chile relleno with white cheddar, beans and rice. And for dessert, there were a few that we wanted to get but ended up with the sampler of warm chocolate cake with toasted pecan ice cream, smoked vanilla walnut flan with coffee caramel & bourbon-soaked banana cakes, and peach & blackberry shortcake with champagne blackberry sorbet. The food was amazing and our server was just as amazing which made everything such a pleasant experience. The front desk host/hostesses (there were 3) were not as much but our server, I think was Michael, was not intrusive but informative and such a professional. So I now have a much better opinion of Bobby Flay for having the staff that he has, both inside and outside the kitchen, who are able to sell not only his food but the entire dining experience.
4	I must admit, I've had a minor crush on Bobby Flay for a couple of years but when my husband and I ate at Mesa Grill in LV a couple of years ago, that crush turned into an obsession. The shrimp tamale was to-die-for and the mojitos were fantastic! Well, I just went with a couple of friends to LV a couple of days ago, and I nonchalantly suggested we eat at Mesa Grill before hitting the clubs. Dinner was fabulous. (The ritas were tasty too!) Most of us had huge filets (like double the usual portion size) that just melted in our mouths. I wasn't impressed with the cornbread (little dry) or my side, a blue corn tamale that was just blue cornmeal, nothing in it, but other than that, it's a great place for a great meal.Dinner is entree only, sides are separate so it's pricey, but what worth doing/eating doesn't cost a pretty penny in Vegas? 1 drink + filet + 1 side = $85 (inc tax + tip)
4	At the Mesa Las Vegas---Yummyyyyyy! A good chunk of change.The waiters were very nice and extremely informative. My goodness, as he was describing it i could feel the drool dropping from my mouth. We ate lunch here with 10 people, so i got to sample a little of everyones plateStart off with great bread..Cranberry bread? and corn bread, Very unique and Free! Yay!Entrees: Spicy chicken and sweet hash-it has two poached eggs on top and itss delicious! kind of on the breakfast side and its an explosion of flavor in your mouth. Little chicken chunks and sweet potatoes. Great sauce, but you could only eat so much, it was really overpowering.Grilled Mahi- Mahi with pinapples - DRY!!! dont reccommend Mesa burger -- HUGE reg. burger.. Try the Garlic MayoSteak Sandwhich-- juicy yummy reccommend!Dessert: my Birthday cake :)Warm chocolate cake--- cake was RICHH, Macroon was delicious(I LOVE MACROONS), Ice cream complemented the cake extremely well and the presentation was beautiful! Only good if you're sharingOverall...good experience worth a try, but not the most amazing thing i've tried.
4	We started off with the goat cheese "queso fundido" with roasted green chile sauce and blue corn tortillas appetizer and could easily have stopped right there and been happy.  We each ordered the highly acclaimed New Mexican spice rubbed tenderloin with bourbon-ancho chile and a sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter.  The only side we ordered was a grossly overpriced and underwhelming double baked potato with horseradish, green onions and crme fraiche. In actuality the potato turned out to be one-half of a small spud that had been overcooked.
4	it was pretty good for a "celebrity chef" restaurant.the tiger shrimp tamale was real good. lots of flavor.the pork tenderloin real tender but the sauces i could do without. the raw tuna nachos were just ok. the salmon was good for salmon. usually i feel like salmon is bland. but this one wasn't too bland.the pesto cilantro mashed potatoes were good. the chili relleno was eh. the desserts were rich. the chocolate was on the bitter side.it wasn't spectacular. it was better than expected.
5	I went to the place a few weeks after its grand opening at Caesar's back in early 2005.  I naively just walked up to the hostess and asked if I could have some dinner (it was 5pm... the beginning of dinner service).  She said they were booked for the next six weeks but I could eat at the bar.  So I did.  Well I still remember the meal pretty well, and usually only that happens if it's significantly awesome.  And it was.  I had their signature blue corn-crusted snapper with the pepper and creme fraiche and for dessert I had the bread pudding.  I had a really good meal and I was really glad I went.
5	Went for a late night dinner/snack of a few appetizers and wine.  We were told the dining room was closed but they would be happy to serve us at the bar.  Since that's the mood Scott and I were in, it was perfect.  Our bartender/waiter (Beefy Greek Guy) was fun, engaging but not intrusive. The fried green tomatoes with lump crab was fresh and delicious.  The corn off the cobb with Cotija was delicious and I didn't want to tell my friend how good it was in hopes that he wouldn't want to have any and I could have it all for myself.  The cauliflower gratin was a bit rich, so I was happy to share that one.  The chicken tacos were good too.  I was hesitant to go in here because I'm wary of the TV chef status of Bobby Flay.  But after this meal, I'm totally won over.   Best food I had in Vegas.
5	OMG!!! I had the best burger in the world, no wait, the universe. It was so juicy and beefy!!!!!. The patty is not your typical mass produced mechanically grounded beef. There were chunks of beef that seemed like it was hand chopped. It makes you ask, 'what is In & Out'? Everytime I see a burger all I could think of was the Mesa Burger. Alright enough about the burger. All the other dishes were also delicious. Tuna tartar, eggs benedict, grits. OMG! I almost forgo about the bread basket. The blue cornbread was so buttery and good. The blueberry muffin was so good. OK you get the idea, now go try it!
4	I was in town for work and was anxious to try this restaurant.  I had just gotten into town and didn't make a reservation because I was afraid my flight would get in late and I would miss it (they automatically charge your credit card $50 for missed reservations).  When I arrived there was a 45 minute wait, but the hostess welcomed me to sit at the bar where the full menu is available. The bartender was very accommodating and made several menu suggestions.  I started with the tiger corn and rock shrimp roasted corn and garlic tamale.  It was delicious.   There was a delicious cream sauce that really complimented the sweetness of the masa.  It was really delicious.For my entree, I had the chile relleno stuffed with goat cheese and zucchini with a pea and green chili sauce.  It, too, was amazing.  Really fantastic.  The pepper was crunchy on the outside, but warm and creamy and a little tangy on the inside.  The sauce had a little heat, but more than anything was smooth and added a great flavor that complimented the chile.  It was fantastic as well.  I was really impressed with my meal at Mesa.  I'm looking forward to returning and experiencing table service.
5	The only thing that could have made my trip to Mesa Grill better would have been to eat here at the BEGINNING of my latest trip to Vega$.  I probably would have splurged more on apps, desserts, and drinks but after walking in deep in the hole from failed adventures at the craps table, blackjack table, sportsbook and an awesome trip to the spa, I stuck to the cornbread and my entree.  Regardless, everything I ate was delightful: the jalapeno cornbread, filet mignon with mushroom ancho-chile sauce, cornmeal crusted chile relleno, and cilantro pesto mashed potatoes.  The margaritas were also excellent and pretty strong...muy bueno!  I loved the colorful decor inside as well!
3	Wifey is big fan of celebrity chefs.  Especially dorky lookin' red-headed dweebs with a thick "new yawk" accent.  I warned her not to fall prey to the celebrity mind-meld, but she would not listen.  Like any dutiful mindless star-gazer, wifey did some cursory research and discovered that Mesa Grill has become one of the most popular restaurants in New York.  Even worse, this rapidly spreading McDonald's-like chain restaurant has spawned another hell-child in Las Vegas...  Caesar's Palace, no less.  Oh how I mourn for America's diners!Star-struck wifey soon made a reservation to this culinary monstrisity hoping to see Chef Flay and his blindingly pasty complexion.  Spicy chicken and sweet potato hash with poached egg... not exactly an earth-shattering combination.  The mahi mahi didn't whet our whistle either.  Don't think that I'm just slaggin' on Chef Flay's cooking because I'm biased.  After tasting his Southwest fusion style, wifey wasn't exactly star-struck anymore.Sorry Mr. Flay, but your pale as a ghost white complexion and "aw-shucks" dimpled-face couldn't save this meal.  Only the service saved this review from the dreaded Yelp 2-star kiss o' death.
5	Pretty much perfection.  We split the duck pancakes and the squash blossom appetizers, both were excellent.  I had the 16 spice chicken (I think that is the name) and a side order of cauiflower gratin.  The chicken was moist and the gratin was super cheesy goodness but not overdone and you could still taste the cauliflower.  Yummy!  Wish I could duplicate this place in the Bay Area.  Will definitely be checking out the outpost in NY when I go next time.  The cactus margarita was tasty as well.  But I do have to say that my meal with booze was not cheap at all but well worth it!
5	I rate restaurants on four things: the food I eat, the way I am treated, how comfortable the environment is while I'm eating, and how much all of this costs.  This means I don't eat at a restaurant because a celebrity is associated with it, and therefore any feelings I may have - positive or otherwise - in regard to said celebrity, don't mess with my meal. Good food is a serious business.  It should never be adulterated with bile. THE FOODAfter consulting with the waiter, I ordered a cocktail... a Cactus Pear Margarita, a Blue Corn Pancake appetizer, and the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash.  The Cactus Pear Margarita (Herradura Silver Tequila, cactus pear syrup and lime juice) had a strong background flavor of grapefruit, which was not to my taste.  The replacement drink was a White Peach Margarita (white peach puree, Herradura Silver Tequila, lime juice).  It was exquisite.  A perfect balance of flavors.  Not too sweet.  Not too sour.  Not excessively fruity.  Meanwhile I had the bread basket to explore. It included three breads; a jalapeno cornbread muffin, a slice of nutty whole wheat, and a few wedges of light as air foccacia.  Okay... the muffin was actually the highlight of my entire day.  Maybe several days.  Crumbly, salty sweet, just spicy enough to be interesting.  I immediately wanted a dozen more, and my appetizer hadn't even arrived.  Later I sampled the whole wheat - which was somewhat pedestrian after the muffin, and the foccacia - another delicious surprise.  I could have dined on bread alone and gone away full and happy.  But more was to come.  The Blue Corn Pancake is just that, a blue corn pancake filled with barbecued duck, topped with at least three sauces, including the habanero chile and star anise listed on the menu.  The blend of flavors was powerful, exotic, and extremely rich.  People who cannot or don't care for spicy foods should avoid this dish.  The heat of the smoky sweet barbecued duck was balanced with the mild blue corn, then kicked again into high gear with the sauces.  Wow!The Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash was... well, interesting.  Topped with a poached egg the combination was relatively mild.  The consistency of the whole dish was soft, almost deceptively so, because the sauces drizzled over the dish were quite spicy. I ate half and brought the rest of it home to Los Angeles to eat later.  It was actually better tasting when I heated it up the next day.  Since I was taking leftovers home, I went ahead and ordered a dessert.  The waiter and I spent some time talking about what would travel well, eventually settling on the Smoked Vanilla & Toasted Walnut Flan.  Actually, it was a coffee flavored flan with a smoky vanilla caramel top and some candied walnuts on the side. I may sound more blase than I feel, but the description on the dessert menu just did not do it justice.  Even after being hauled onto a plane and stuck in a refrigerator for a day, the flan was creamy, subtly flavored, and absolutely splendid. In fact, the whole meal was a five star experience.  It takes a truly superb kitchen to create the effortless complexity of flavor and presentation I got at Mesa.THE SERVICEI had my luggage with me when I came into the restaurant and the Greeter immediately offered to put it aside in a private locked closet. Although she didn't give me a claim ticket, she did recognize me when I left.  I did wonder how that all works when the restaurant is particularly busy.As you can tell already, I take up a waiter's time.  I expect them to be knowledgeable about the menu, familiar with the dishes, and to have an opinion (their favorites).  I did not order the waiter's favorites, but any really good waiter appreciates fine food and WILL have at least one dish on the menu that they rave about.  Great restaurants hire great waiters.  Mesa Grill gets five stars here as well.  Not only did I have a great waiter, I had two, plus a busboy who might as well have been a third, and a personable bartender who brought me my second drink ... AND STOOD THERE waiting to make sure I was happy with it. Mind you, I was there at 1:30 in the afternoon on a Monday.  So most people should not expect to get quite this level of attention, but I have no doubt that these guys are steller even at the most hectic of times. I really put them to the test at the end. I asked to have the hash and a couple of those amazing muffins packed along with the flan.  Then I had them repack it so that I could fit it into my carry on bag.  No fuss.  No looks.  Just whatever help I seemed to need.  (many thanks Joel, Dario & Adam!) I would write a longer review, but I have run out of room.  Let me just say that the environment was excellent (quiet, light enough to see, but not too bright, and the bathroom was clean), and the bill, including tip was under $75.  For this level of restaurant, that's dirt cheap.
5	I am from Texas, and living in So Cal, so I can definitely appreciate good southwestern cooking.  I can appreciate Bobby Flay's style and influences.Went for brunch on a Saturday morning.  Started out the right way with a bloody mary which was really good, although I would have preferred a touch less, just a touch less horseradish.  Next time I'll probably get a "rita" although I wouldn't mind if I had another bloody mary.  Took a few minutes to get seated but we didn't have reservations so can't complain too much.I had the ranch style eggs on a tostada and ancho chile sauce....really delicious.  I was going to get the Spicy Chicken with sweet potato hash, but I wanted something more simple.  It was a much larger portion that I had planned and I almost didn't finish, but I couldn't leave any on my plate, that would have been wrong and not in the true "food cripple" style.  Maybe I wouldn't have been so stuffed if I hadn't been devouring the treats in the bread basket.  I won't reiterate what was said by Lindley K., except for...damn that stuff was good.  Read that post about the bread.My girlfriend had the crab cakes for an entree and was very content.  Sat near the kitchen and could see what the cooks were placing up in the window, and yes, the burger looked really good.  Might have to try that next time.  The waiter was attentive, courteous, and knowledgeable.  If staying at Caesar's, you need to eat here, and you need to consider it if you are staying somewhere else.
3	The menu here is very innovative.  I wanted to eat everything but I was hung over and I needed a greasy mesa burger.  The burger was prepared very well but I felt the bun was too big.  After 10-15 minutes it started to get hard and dry.  Ok, that didnt sound right but it did.  Someone asked for tabasco sauce but they don't have any.  So they waiter brought out a homemade green sauce in replace of the tabasco.  It was fantastic!  I wanted to drink it.  It had the right amount of heat and enhanced my burger.   I felt the food deserved 4 stars but the service is what brought this review down to 3 stars.  The waiter wasn't very friendly.  He was probably hung over or hated his job.  For this type of restaurant with lots of press and hype I would think Bobby Flay would know how important service needs to be.  I will probably go back and try a different dish next time.
1	Bobby Flay,  you're a fraud.  Sorry man,  your TV shows are kinda cool, but after visiting your signature restaurant, I am not impressed at all.First of all, why does a master chef like yourself need to use so much damn salt?  It's cheating.  Salt does help bring out the flavor, but using too much of it is like how people use too much MSG on Chinese food and end  up making it all taste the same.I had the egg on a tortilla thing.  I don't even recall what it was called.  It was pretty darn salty, but edible.  The flavors weren't all that interesting.  Edible.  That's the best word to describe it.My wife,  however, had the cobb salad.  The was so salty,  it was inedible.  So, she sent it back.  Asked them "light salt".  So, what did they do?  The still dusted the greens with salt.  Who puts salt on greens???Thank God I never bought any of his cookbooks.  Apparently, the secret ingredient is half a shaker of salt.Oh.  Sorry.  There was one plus.  I got to sit facing the sportsbook at Cesear's which everyone knows is the best sportsbook in town and got to watch the Michigan v. MSU football game.  Go Blue!
3	Yum!  This is the best steak I've ever had, after Ruth's Chris.
5	Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill in Caesars Palace in AMAZING!  Every dish on the menu is full of flavor. The Yucatan tacos are out of this world! Get the pork tenderloin! It's the BEST I've EVER had! The portions are not large but every bite is soooo worth the price!
4	This is the first place where I got to eat what I watched to TV.  We came for lunch because the price was better than dinner (on a budget).  Although the steak is not on the lunch menu, you can order it off the menu.  I saw this sweetpotato stack with egg on someonen's table. I got that, and someone else next to me saw mine and got it, and another person saw that person's dish and got it as well.  I've never seen that happen. Whatever that dish was, it was delicious. I ate every bite. My boyfriend got some omelett dish that was mediocre. We both liked mine the best.Maybe we'll be able to spring more money for the steaks next time, or maybe i"ll get the burger. Irregardless, I think we'll keep eating for lunch until I win big at the tables.  hahahh....
4	I was never really into Mesa Grill because Flay is such a chode on TV. We'd awlays walk by this place and the first thing you see in the doorway are shelves of his books...greeeatOne day we were hungry and once again passing Mesa. Decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the Yucatan tacos and they were great. I typically steer away from chicken when dining out because any idiot can make chicken at home, but not any idiot can make a good steak. I had to eat my words there. The chicken was extremely moist and flavorful.Service was average...nothing special or over attentive.I'd definitely eat here again.
4	food was good, but menu is really small, normal prices (for vegas). if you cant get a table sit at the bar they have a full menu.portion size is small so sample the items and reorder what you like! the quesadilla was pretty good, taco were kinda wack.also really close to pure so good for a pre party snack
5	Been to Vegas twice in the last year and have eaten here four times. I love it here! The staff is amazing!  I even saw the young hostess(probably 17years old)  very carefully and professionally deal with a drunk obnoxious man demanding to be seated w/o a reservation.  Funnier was when he pulled out his Caesars player card and showed it to her like that had clout!  The look on the hostess face was fricken priceless!  You could tell she wanted to laugh him right out of the place but she very politely explained she would seat him as soon as all the reservations had been seated first. I gleaned this was not the first time she had said this to him.  I digress...We got seated, we had reservations, and the waiter was punctual and informative.  I have found the staff recommendations are some of the best.  I have yet to be disappointed.The menu changes every 6 months which is great!  It's never the same food when I return!I've had the steak, the blue corn pancake, the green apple salad, the venison and the queso fundido.  The food is always fresh hot and packed with just the right flavors.  The spices are so perfect that I don't even use salt! Now that's saying something for me!   It's a great place to have a fairly reasonably priced mean in Vegas and still be able to talk to your company.  The staff checks on you enough to make sure you are happy but not so much that you feel like you have an extra person in your party. And they have never come by when I have just taken a huge bite of food! They actually want to hear what you say about the food!  Some other things I liked about this place is the consistency of food, customer service and clean bathrooms! A huge plus!
4	I don't like to give 5 stars, but I almost did this time around.First off, I didn't know this was a Bobby Flay place and I say they did a good job. The decorations were fine and I liked the set-up. We had reservations and we were seated very promptly. The tables were decent sized.  The server was attentive, but sometimes way too much. I understand fine dining, but you don't want a pushy server. She was just overly attentive. I dug the way she threw in the merchandise they sell at the restaurant.  It's a hard thing to do at a fine dining place.The menu... I personally thought the appetizers they had available were mediocre at best. I'd like more of a selection. We ended up with the Queso Fundido and it didn't disappoint. Even the bread that came out beforehand was quite yummy. I liked the cranberry type one.For their entree's I was happy with the selections they offered. I was kind of stuck between the Salmon and the chicken. I usually don't order chicken when I eat out, but this time. It just sounded very good. WE both got it and wow. It's this 16 spice rubbed chicken with pest mash potatoes. It knocked my socks off! It was sooo good. And the portions were overwhelming. I got 2 acutal chicken breasts. I couldn't believe that! The 16 spice rub was delicious. The mash potatoes were delicious. I can't complain.We took home half of our meal because we were stuffed. We skipped dessert.  There was no way I could eat any more.I'm buying the 16 spice rub online at their store - that's how much I liked it.  Ate the chicken the next day - still good, but a little dry. I can't complain.I'd go back!
4	Yum, yum, yum!  Delicious food and fantastic, friendly service.Order the Pork Tenderloin, and definitely get the side order of Chile Relleno - it's spicy, but so tasty I didn't care that I started to glisten... I looked at it as a bonus that my metabolism was kick-started!Bonus (for some) is you get to walk by the Pussycat Dolls gambling area on the way to the restaurant.
5	the service was laid back yet professional. the appetizers (oysters, blue corn pancake, and shrimp tamale) were great. my venison was tender and tasty. much better experience after a dismal night at b&b.
4	Drool. Now I know what the food channel tastes like. This place was pricey but definitely a great eat!!!!! The duck something was oooober. Seriously. The spice was just right!! I had a great time eating here and trying out the foods and so did my friends. If you get a chance I saw go for it. Shoot for a lunch hour it seemed a lot less busy.Also this place isn't very vegetarian friendly they had a few veggie only dishes but they were not willing to make a chicken salad without the chicken. The waitress informed us that all the meals were set and no accommodations were made. That's the only down side.
4	I've always been a fan of Bobby Flay's cooking (although it took me a while to get used to his personality), so my fiancee and I were excited to finally eat at one of his restaurants. My expectations were low, as most celebrity chefs' restaurants are more fluff than substance, but I was cautiously optimistic. We were pleasantly surprised.The white peach margaritas were very refreshing and refreshingly strong, especially after not realizing our reservation was made on a fight night. Both Caesar's garage and valet were full, and we ended up having to use the self park at Mirage and walk all the way through there and the Forum Shops.She had the blue corn pancake appetizer, and I had the cornmeal chile relleno side. The sauces drizzled over the top looked the same, and I'm still not convinced they weren't. For entrees, she had the spiced pork tenderloin, which came in three "medallions" that were about 2 1/2" thick, and perfectly cooked. Mine was the fire roasted veal chop, which, while a little fatty, was very flavorful. The sage tamale was just how I wanted it to be: PACKED with sage.We'd definitely eat there again, but I'd be more inclined to go on a weeknight when there are fewer people around, and go earlier so we wouldn't hit the pre-club crowd. Although, given what the bill came to, we might just buy the cookbook instead.
4	This place is not that unreasonably priced compared to some of the other big name restaurants in Vegas, we had a brunch there and the average entree ran between 10-20 bucks. I had the scrambled eggs with goat cheese, jalapeno, and chives with apricot glazed ham and buttermilk biscuit. It was some of the best scrambled eggs I've ever had. We also shared the goat cheese queso and the egg and bacon quesadilla. Yummmmmmmmm. Excellent brunch spot and you really could tell Bobby Flay had a hand in the whole menu.
5	Top rating goes to this restaurant for the food and service.  You must make a stop at this place when you are in town.  Serving mainly seafood and steaks....you will enjoy the sauces that go into every dish.It is pricey but everything in Vegas is expensive.  You are in Sin city to spend and enjoy.
2	The biggest gripe about this place is the service!  Our waiter was horrible and completely ignored our table. He was MIA almost the entire time. My friend ordered a coke that the waiter never brought over and we eventually had to ask the bus boy to give to us.We ordered the Yucatan Chicken Tacos  and another dish that I cant rememember as appeitzers which were overpriced and just average.All the food was average except my husband's dish, the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops. These were actually very flavorful and just delicious.  Overall, we had a horrble experience because of the service.
5	Decor was a 10.  Food was full flavored and each dish had many components.  Menu was fun and interesting.  Service was very attentive.  We had a 9:00 reservation on Saturday night and the store was full.  Very high energy dining room.  We were seated right away.  Margaritas were fresh and delicious.  Maybe a tad sweet if I had to say anything bad.  I guess they weren't too sweet cause I had 2.  Desserts were good also.  Pretty expensive but that's how big restaurants in Vegas roll now.
3	had the pork tenderloin which was fab... my friend's filet mignon was better because of the spice, but it had too much spice. she also had the sauteed spinach which was bland. the side i chose was the chile relleno which was ok. bobby flay? who woulda thunk.
5	Went here for brunch. We had raw tuna nachos for appetizers - it was delicious! Think sashimi with a Tex-Mex flair, flavor, and just a hint of spiciness. I got the ranch style eggs tostada. Perfectly cooked eggs! So delicious and great presentation. I think next time I might want to share and entree or skip the appetizers cuz the bread basket they bring is outta this world! The bread basket is filled with like 5 different kinds of breads and muffins. Corn muffins, cranberry muffins, normal bread, jalapeno cheese poppers! Carb heaven!The decor is very glamorous and trendy. Service is attentive. There was a 10 minute wait on a Sunday around 11am. Not bad at all. You can always go to the bar to wait =P
5	Freaking outstanding!  I say this after three $12 Vodka Collins.  I don't know anything about the famous chef, but my family are big fans.  Expensive?  Hell yes!  But, its Vegas and you gotta go big!  If you are looking for a high end culinary Vegas experience, you won't be disappointed!  Despite the hip scene inside, the place is not pretentious.  Reservations are necessary.  I went with 3 people and we each ordered different things and tasted each others dishes.  Every bite was delicious. This place turned me on to gourmet fare.  I loved everything!  We ordered the Yucatan Chicken Tacos, Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno, Filet Mignon, mashed potatoes with cilantro pesto.  An added bonus is you have a view of the parade entering the club "Pure".  I didn't see one man waiting in line.  Do they have a separate line for guys??  I also had a view of a pregnant woman smoking a cigarette...wow.
4	Ummm...this place is good...I had the flounder (the whole fish)...it was very good...Their drink selection is abundant...I thought the prices were a bit high, but otherwise tantalizing...
5	Did you know that Mesa Grill serves an amazing brunch?  Okay, so their dinner is fantastic too, but let's talk about the brunch.You get the same luscious breadbasket at brunch that you get at dinner, but it includes a coffee cake thing with a crumbly topping.  So yummy.The goat cheese queso fundido is an appetizer on both the brunch and dinner menus.  It is cheese heaven and the portion is so ginormous that four people can easily share it.  As far as brunch entrees go, both the chilaquiles and the tostada are fabulous.  I love eggs and I love spicy and I doubly love spicy eggs.  Next time I am going to try the enchiladas.The brunch entrees come with either grits or potatoes.  I am not a big fan of potatoes so I always get the grits and they always rock my world.  They are so rich I am not sure how anyone can eat the whole bowl, but wow, are they tasty!Then, they have a full dessert menu at brunch (which changes every so often). Very smart!  By that time, my dining companions and I have to share one because we are so full, but their desserts are a perfect end to a perfect brunch.
5	If you have read my review of Bar Americain (one of Bobby Flay's restaurants in New York) you have probably noticed both have 5 stars and I did mention knowing Bobby Flay. Please do not take it as a bias view. There is a reason he is on the Food Network...he is an amazing chef. Cactus pear margaritas are the best way to start your meal, and please try the pumpkin soup and pork loin. You will not regret trying this place. If you hit big, make it your celebratory dinner. You won't be disappointed!
5	Mesa Grill was my favorite meal eaten out of all the times that I've been to Vegas.  We started with the Yucatan Chicken Tacos.  The flavors and presentation was unexpected and delicious.  I had the Fire Roasted Vela Chop with Horseradish-Maple Glaze and my husband had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin.  I enjoyed both equally and couldn't say which was better.  Delicious, and expensive, meal, but I want to go back.
5	I was a little reluctant to eat at Mesa grill because of some of the reviews I have read and also because of the hype of this being Bobby Flay's restaurant but I promise you this was the best meal I think I have ever eaten in my life. Oh God, I was in heaven! I had the Filet Mignon with the cilantro-pesto mashed potatoes and my husband had the pan roasted leg of venison and we both loved our dishes. Yes, it is rather pricey but well worth it. The wait staff was fantastic and very friendly and our water glasses were never empty and they ensured we had everything we needed and wanted. Try it, you'll LOVE it!! I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here!
5	Bobby Flay is my dream chef. That ginger snap can make anything and everything look so amazingly good. I love his tex-mex twist and wham bam thank you ma'am attitude. He makes everything look so easy -- yet, his creativity offers dishes you would never dare attempt to make! We were in Vegas last weekend and stopped by for lunch. The decor is bright and colorful...the lighting is slightly dim providing an elegant vibe. There was a bunch of us and we could not wait to savor a dish on the menu. I ordered the honey glazed salmon, Jeff ordered Pineapple glazed Mahi-Mahi (which was to die for!), Liz ordered the most amazing and interesting dish; Chilaquiles with eggs and tomatillo creme sauce. Oh my gawd! I have never had chilaquiles THAT GOOD. The bread they served was heavenly. Jalapeno laced corn bread and tiny jalapeno bread bites. Man!!! I also had a cactus pear iced tea...My meal was pretty damn good and I expected it to be pretty damn good. Big ups to BF! Great restaurant, great food, great man.
3	I will not lie, I am a Anthony Bourdain whore.  Whatever he says, I do!  He says Mesa is worth a try but be wary , I'll give Mesa a try!  Again, Bourdain does not disappoint. Like in his No Reservations episode, I found Mesa decent.  Nothing spectacular but not terrible.  Me and my best buddy Clark went on a Sunday night.  It was busy but not too crowded and thankfully we were seated very quickly.  Both of us had an appetite on us because we just lost a good chunk of change playing blackjack.  I swore off buffets in Vegas and forced Clark to try Mesa with me.  He hates Bobby Flay but was a team player.  Our server promptly greeted us and served us Nevada's finest tap water.  He explained to us the special for the night (a double cut pork chop) and also the popular dishes.  I ended up order the tiger prawns tamale and pork tenderloin.  Clark ordered the duck pancakes and double cut pork chop.  After ordering, we were quickly served bread and then left to wait in our gambling shame and hunger.  Food:The cornbread at Mesa is amazing!!  We unfortunately got a bad server who didn't bring us a second serving of the cornbread, but I will say that the piece I did have was really good.  My tiger prawns tamale was also very good.  They serve it like a regular tamale but topped with an almost Alfredo sauce and the tiger prawns.  Not very creative but very tasty.  I could have ordered two of these and called it a night.Clark thought the duck pancake was so-so.  I told him not to order it because it basically sounded like mu shu duck, which behold, was mu shu duck.  Clark's double cut pork chop looked amazing, but unfortunately did not taste that amazing.  Clark found it very dry and unseasoned.  My pork tenderloin was also so-so.  The presentation was tops, but it was also poorly seasoned.  It was served with some tasty sauces, but  sauces alone cannot make up for a poor piece of meat.  Our meal came out to about $75 per person for an unsatisfying meal.  However, if you are a fan of food then you got to try this place.  As much as people don't like Bobby Flay, he is still more famous than you and probably a better cook - so I'll give him respect.  I would recommend ordering multiple appetizers because they looked better than any of the main dishes.  But for the price, I'm sure you could find something better.  Cheers,The Tranimal
4	ORDERED: blue corn pancake: YUMYUMYUM, wild mushroom quesadilla:GOOOOD,tiger shripm+roasted garlic corn tamale: SO GOOD,16 spice chicken:TENDDDER, and the pork tenderloin: NOT AS GOOD AS I THOUGHT. the bread basket was TOOO GOOD i wish every restaurant gave fresh/warm diff types of bread! OHHH DESSSSERT!!!!we got Chocolate coconut layer cake which comes with a cocnut lime sorbet. we also got an Espresso pine nut toffee parfait with fig compote and warm tofffee sauce. SO SO SO GOOOOOD!! I definitely recommend the 2nd desssert. Service was great as wellll!
4	My husband and I went here a couple years ago and had the best quesadilla ever.  We raved so much about it that we had to come back  with my sister and her fiance so we could prove to them we were not nuts.  Sure enough the quesadilla was still delicious.  In fact all the food we ordered were fantastic and full of flavor.  My pork tenderloin was perfectly cooked and seasoned well.  The lemondrop martinis are also to die for.  The best lemondrop I have had.  I also tried the lemondrop with greentea infused vodka.  Although interesting sounding, the regular lemondrop was better.Service was okay.  A bit scatterbrain-ish and not as well synched with the servers and the busboys seemingly on different pages.  For example, the busboy started to take my plate away when I was only half done.  I guess I must have hesitiated in my efforts to finish the huge portions.  Then it took the server a bit to bring us the dessert menu....but overall service was friendly enough.
4	Bobby Flay you Bastard!! I really wish this place was cheaper.. If it was I would totally give you 5 stars... Ive only tried 3 things on the menu because thats all I could afford...The Southwestern Fries were the best fries I have ever had..Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale was fun to look at and even more fun to eat..The grilled Lamb Chops with the Chili Chutney...  *tear* (40 bucks well spent)
5	Great service.  Fun decor and ambiance.  Inspired cocktails that do not disappoint.AND...Incredible food.  Perfectly balanced, seasoned, presented and portioned.  We ordered the rough-cut tuna nachos, black grouper with red-chili wet rub, cornmeal crusted chili relleno and profiteroles with cornflake crunch vanilla ice cream.  All was totally amazing.  My boyfriend and I couldn't stop making little "ooh" and "ahh" sounds and trying to figure out each spice and flavor.  We could hear Bobby Flay's voice as we read the descriptions of the dishes.It was just really a great experience and I would definitely go back, even just to order the white peach margarita again - heaven....
5	I was here in January of this year.  Unfortunately, I had the flu almost the entire time I was in town.  So, after days of barely eating anything we finally decide I'm well enough to go out to a nice meal.We went on a Saturday night which of course was busy but I think this place is most likely busy on all nights.  We were able to obtain a reservation for 9:30PM.  I thought it would be slow by then.  Wow.  The place was still packed and they quit serving around 11PM.  Everything was delightful.  Nice and warm with the Southwest flair.  We were excited about the prospect of ordering dessert as well, however, the appetizers and the meal filled us up so perhaps next time we will order dessert first.  :)It was an enjoyable time.  However, because of the volume of people in the restaurant it was a little hard to have a conversation.
4	This is a place in Vegas that lives up to the hype of the name behind it without being *too* ridiculous.  Given the Bobby Flay tag readily coupled with the mention of this place, I was sure it would be all press and no substance.I would recommend this place for brunch.  Yeah, you'll probably be looking at roughly $30 for two people not including drinks, extras or tip but I think the atmosphere and food make up for the price.  They bring you a nice array of baked goods as the "bread" while you wait.  All of the egg entrees are served with grits or home fries.  I ordered the scrambled egg enchiladas (eggs, chorizo, goat cheese) and they were delicious, paired with an interesting mix of sauce to provide enough spiciness to give the dish some authenticity.  My dining partner had the ranch eggs tostada which was surprisingly large and equally as tasty.  The grits were a little heavy but so tasty that I couldn't avoid eating them.Probably the only knock is that the drinks are kind of expensive (11.2oz bottle of Chimay Blue = $12) and our waitress seemed a little condescending when we told her we didn't want appetizers.  Otherwise the service was actually quite good with the waiters being right on top of refilling waters and coffee.Given the prices you pay in Vegas, I think you could do a lot worse on price and food quality, making Mesa a pretty solid choice for any meal.
5	Have been coming to Mesa for a few years simply because the food is amazing and consistently delicious.  I have to branch out, but almost always order the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin.  It is an amazing dish that has just the right balance of spicy heat and smokiness.  The tenderloin has a pleasant hint of heat and avoids frying your taste-buds so you can enjoy the entree.  Another favorite of mine is the Sophie's Chop Salad, which is another great example of balance.  The salad is visually appealing and has perfect proportions of flavors and textures.  The whole experience may be pricey, but is worth it.
3	I used to love this place, we always stopped in for lunch and it was great, but the service has really gone down hill.  We had reservations for a 1:30 lunch on Satruday, when we called in, the person on the phone failled to mention that they were not serving any lunch or dinner entree's.. only breakfast.  Ok, fine, we'll make the best of it, it is afteralll Bobby Flay's place, I'm sure breakfast will be great....WRONG.  It was inedible!  I has the sweet potato hash with poached eggs and spicy hollandaise.  The hash was like no hash I've ever had before it was more like a puree.  It was mushy and wet and the sauce was, for a lack of a better word, yucky.  To top it all off the server didn't check on us once.  When he came to clear away my barely touched plate, he didn't even ask why it only had 2 bites taken out of it.  So many other things went wrong, but I won't go into it.    We did however go back for dinner the next day (fingers crossed) and it was back to it's old self.  You must get the yucatan chicken tacos (we ended up ordering 3 servings) and the sweet corn tameles with shrimp and the the special was crab and avacado something.. it was really good too and the service was much better.  A 1 point one day and 5 the next, so it's gets a 3. Moral of the review, don't go for breakfast/brunch here.
5	I've never been to a restaurant before where I'd actually be willing to pay for its complimentary bread, not that they charged. Yes, their complimentary bread was that good - the cornbread, the scones... everything in that basket - and they give free refills.The waitress was sweet and friendly. For brunch, she recommended the raw tuna nachos (aka tuna tartar) dish which was delicious, though a bit pricey. Their sea bass was good, but my favorite was the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash. It was like an eggs benedict, minus the muffin, plus spicy chicken and hash. It's nothing you'd find at your typical Mexican breakfast joint.JONASAPPROVED!
4	Bobby Flay, I am pleasantly surprised. I never did like you much on the Food Network. Grilling shit? Anyone can do that! But hats off to you - Mesa Grill was pretty damn tasty. Service was wonderful, food presentation nice, bread basket unique!Appetizers:"Rough Cut" Raw Tuna Nachos - $15 for a rather small portion, but each bite was full of flavor and a looming unexpected, but anticipated, spice. Came with only 6 pieces of nacho chips! Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale - $16;  very tasty, bigger portion than expected. I didn't get to eat too much of it.Entrees:Pork tenderloin - not as spicy as I thought it was going to be, slightly disappointed from that. However, the pork was really tender, and portions were just right. Really good use of vibrant orange sauces.New york strip steak - this didn't come with anything. The menu didn't mention it'd come with anything..but I guess I just assumed? It was a large plate with a hunk of meat, ontop a drizzle of vibrant sauce. The steak was very good. But...it was just a piece of steak, nothing more.Dessert:Sampler, which included warm chocolate cake, burnt orange cheesecake, and warm caramel pineapple empanada. All of them were good...but the empanada...I guess I just wasn't a fan. It kinda reminded me of an apple turnover. =(Overall though, this place was very good. Each plate of food was very solid; explosive flavor, nice sauce. The 7 of us left extremely full.
2	Not worth the hype. There are many good restaurants on the strip, but this is not one of them. My margarita was average, the bread basket was good, but our food had about 25 sauces on it, and about a cup of each. There is nothing subtle about the flavors, and even if the sauces were not so heavily poured on, they would overpower each other. Waitstaff was friendly, and the people watching factor was great.Everyone seems to agree on the bread, waitstaff, and people watching. While service is very important, shouldn't the highlight be the food, not the free bread???
3	Ok, here goes - since this site won't let me use a half of a star, I'm giving Mesa Grill 3 stars. The food was really good - but you don't get much for your money. I went here (3/2/08) with my girlfriend and another couple - we got 2 appetizers, a bottle of wine, 4 entrees, 4 after dinner drinks, and 1 dessert and the bill was around $360. Not worth the price -- Todd English's Olives is SSOOOO much better. Save your money and go there for a nice night.
4	I stopped in to Caesar's Palace for a quick lunch on a recent trip to LV and found Celebrity Chef Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill to be a pretty decent spot to grab a bite.  I had the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash and could only complain about the lack of crispy crustiness that usually makes hash so delightful.  As far as the flavor was concerned it was really very enjoyable.  A deft balance of sweet and savory and heat that went very nicely with the blue and yellow corn jalapeno muffin from the bread basket that comes with every meal.  The hash is appropriately plated with two perfectly poached eggs sitting on top of the hash, contributing their yolky goodness to the enterprise.A Hornitos margarita rounded out the meal and while it might have been slightly heavy on the sweet and sour it was otherwise sufficiently slurp-worthy.  It packed the requisite punch and precipitated a boozy smile on my face as I and my arched eyebrow stumbled out into Caesar's 24-hour nonstop cabaret of madcap money-letting bacchanalia. Res ipsa loquitor, indeed.
5	This is by far the best restaurant in Vegas. The service is outstanding and the food is to die for. The complimentary bread is so good that my friends and I fought over it. I hope that they never change the selection, I look forward to it every time I go to Vegas. Brunch is fantastic. I had the salmon quesdilla with salmon caviar and it was heaven .The most light but tasty dish ever. Lunch is just as good and extremely satisfying. I had the grouper tacos but they substituted mahi mahi. The mahi mahi melted in my mouth and the deconstructed look of the plate was perfect, understated yet easy to comprehend. The slaw for the tacos was perfectly tangy and I could eat that all day if I had to. If you are thirsty look no further than the cactus pear ice tea. It comes as a glass of ice tea and an accompianment of simple syrup infused with pear. I wish I could take a bath in it. The service and I am a stickler for service is some of the best in Vegas. The waiters are attentive yet not on top of you and the bus staff is perfect, knowing when to clear dishes and how to present dishes in a formal yet understated way.If you are a vegetarian they will accomodate you, do not worry.Oh and did I mention the price?? So moderate for such a heavenly experience. You are a fool if you do not like this place.I love Mesa Grill and would consider eating every meal there if I could.  Bobby Flay rocks!
4	Excellent food, excellent service -- wished Bobby Flay was there! :-). No, really this place is really good. I had the Ahi Tuna nachos and they were tasty, the fish tacos were really great and the presentation was excellent. The wait staff was very attentive and offered suggestions on Mesa Grills list of tequilas. We will be back again!
3	this place is mostly hype.its not like flay is in the kitchen.the food was good,i ordered halibut and it was cooked beautifully.the presentation was pretty and so were the colorful sauce.but the food wasn't that good because it lacked flavor.
5	Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in the country, next to Mesa Grill in NYC.Ok, so I've only been here once, but it was memorable.  The food was outstanding and no other high-end restaurant in Vegas embraces the idea of being in a casino (Caesar's no less) rather than trying to hide from it.I also won big points from my boss for suggesting this place to him when he was in town for a conference.
5	i absolutely love mesa grill!  the food is really great.  i've been there a couple of times.  the atmosphere is really great too.  it's not at all pretentious.  i love how innovative and creative bobby flay is with food.
4	I've been to Mesa Grill three or four times whenever I visit Las Vegas.  I really like their summer menu.  I loved their roasted corn soup, smoked chicken & black bean quesadilla, and the dish that has rabbit meat in it ( I forgot what it called).  I think that the ancho chile -honey glazed salmon was just average.   So, if you have a chance to dine there, don't order the salmon dish.  Overall, the ambiance is nice, the price is on a higher side, and the waiter is helpful and attentive.
5	I was pleasantly surprised with Mesa Grill, as I did not expect much from this place because I thought it would dissapoint me from all the hype.  However, after eating there for lunch, I have to admit it was one of the best meals I've had in awhile!  I was able to try a lot because I was with a big group of friends.  The ambiance of the place was comforting and the decor was really nice.  You can definitely taste the southwestern flare in his food.  Their goat cheese, queso fundido appetizer was delicious.  The toasty, subtle taste of the goat cheese did not overpower my palette, which was good.  The pork tenderloin sandwich was delicious, and for $15 it was definitely worth it.  The prices here were very reasonable, considering what you got and compared to other restaurants in Vegas.  The service was also very good.  I will definitely come back here!
3	I am not a big fan of tex mex food but Mesa Grill reflects the creativity in Bobby Flay which i guess, makes Bobby Flays food different from the norm.  I have to admit, even though im not a big fan of Bobby Flay himself, his use of big flavors and for some reason vibrant colors with his southwestern flare does indeed comfirm his bold and cocky style.  Mesa Grill did not dissapoint, but anyways, ill jus cut to the chase, this is what i tastedgoat cheese queso fundido- probably not so good if you dont like the taste of heavy nutty cheeses, very strong goat cheese flavorraw tuna nachos- famous dish, the mango and avocado sauce is a good combopork loin sandwhich- the ancho chile mayo is spicy, actually not so bad, pretty tasty, the arugula and chiabatta bread complements it well, its served cold but for some reason, i think it would taste better hotmesa burger- a decent burger, served with seasoned friesspicy chicken sweet potatoe hash- probably the best taste, sweet potatoes with eggs and hollandaise, did not taste as heavy as i thought, notbadhoney glazed salmon and the new york strip- not great, not bad, nothing very special, or i guess wats special was the bbq sauces they use for the meats, didnt really ruin the flavors of the meatsanother thing was i heard mesa is famous for their breads, i was lookin for to the famous corn bread, but it was dry and it was cold, it seemed like it always broke apart and didnt hold together well, but the little jalopeno biscuits were good3.5 stars
4	His mango sauce is as good as it looks on TV. Very prompt service, very good food, relatively average priced for good dinner food and service in Vegas...and it's at Ceasars....stumble your phat butt out and hit the night club next...
5	Just had one of the better meals in recent memory at the Mesa Grill. Started with lobster and octopus cerviche with a main course of the hand rubbed pork tenderloin with sweet potato tamale. Amazing atmosphere and the service was wonderful as well. Excellent in every way. Can't wait to eat here again.
4	Had a pretty tasty lunch here on Thanksgiving Day.  The Pork Tenderloin (medium, to the shock of my mother) had so much flavor in both the rub and the sauce, and I surprisingly enjoyed the sweet potato tamale that came with it, since I usually dislike sweet potatoes.  The appetizer of salad with duck was also good.I'd definitely like to try more of Bobby Flay's cuisine in the future.
1	As big fans of Bobby Flay and his recipes from the Food Network, we were anxious to try this out on our trip to Las Vegas last spring.  We could only afford to do a couple of the celebrity chef restaurants, and scheduled this for a nice lunch on our last day in Vegas.I am sad to say that the food did not live up to the prices or the hype.  i had a chicken and avocado quesadilla that was overcooked and something I could have easily made myself at home.  My wife had the yucatan chicken tacos, which were three TINY tacos and again nothing special.   We each drank non-alcoholic drinks and the bill came to over $40 for sub-par food.  (As a side note, we love a good meal and are not afraid to spend a lot of money for truly quality food, but this was not hte case.)A couple of positive points to note:  the atmosphere and space is quite nice and a quiet respite inside the Caesar's casino.  I also suspect their cocktails are quite tasty, as is their signature appetizer the Queso Fundido.  However, our experience was quite poor.It's likely a better visit if Mr. Flay is in the kitchen when you happen to be there, but on a whole, I would leave this one off of your list of places to visit.  Vegas is full of some of the country's BEST restaurants in terms of food and service.  Spend your money elsewhere.
4	4.5 starsBobby flay really knows how to use spices!!I've been there 4-5 times before and the food is always good. We've encountered with an unfriendly hostess before but the hostess at other times were just as friendly and as welcoming as the waiters/waitresses there. The corn bread was good, so was the steak, porkloin and chicken. The blue corn taco w/ duck appetizer was good, but not excellent and the rock shrimp tamale was good but i couldn't tell much in differences other than the rock shrimp compare to my local mexican joint's $1 tamale. The waiters were friendly and attentive, just like any $$$ restaurants should be.
5	YumMMmmm.I had serious doubts before coming here. How GOOD could grilling be, especially for a special occasion?Walking in, I was immediately surprised by the decor. Very sophisticated, classy, high ceilings, black chairs. Very trendy. The hostess greeted us and seated us immediately as we had made reservations a week before.Our server was ab fab. The drinks were delicious.I had the 22 oz. bone in rib eye and my bf had the new york strip.not a steakhouse and i was hesitant to order steak but what can you do when the cow calls?the bone in rib eye came with chipotle sauce and some other types of salsa, with grilled garlic and red peppers on top. so many different flavors but somehow the sweet, sour, salty, spicy all came together for a harmonious blend.the new york strip was a tad more delicious than the rib eye. i like the way the fat is marbled throughout the meat.next time i go back, i'm getting the new york strip.the tamale was a bit on the dry side but it might be because im used to juicy bolivian sweet tamales (but they're steamed so it's more wet).the food was not only delicious, but it LOOKED really pretty. see my pics.
2	How does this restaurant have 4 stars on Yelp? Bobby Flay must have many die hard fans on this site.I sent back my food, and I NEVER do that. Yes - it was that terrible. Mesa Grill is a higher end version of Applebee's. My favorite part of my meal was the contents of the complimentary bread basket.  :(
5	I LOVE this place! Things I'm in love with here.... smoked salmon quesadillas, ahi tuna nachos, and the salad with goat cheese in it. As a native Texan, I'm pretty picky about Margaritas and the ones here MORE than pass the test... no nasty slushies here folks. Oh, and have to throw in that lunch is pretty reasonably priced for gourmet dining. Lunch for 2 will throw you back $50, but it's definitely $50 well spent!
3	I wasn't impressed.  The food was good, but not outstanding, and definitely overpriced.  I expect much more from a celebrity chef.  Thanks, but I'll be dining at my locals spots instead.
4	I love Ceasar's, so I love Mesa Grill.  I love the dining experience.   Finding a seat at dinner is always tricky, but would you want to go to a place that no one goes to and you can sit right away?It's pricey for what you get, but who said style points were cheap?Food:  5/5Drinks:  5/5  Service:  5/5Price:  $$$Interior:  5/5Exterior:  5/5Park:      5/5Go Back:  One of my favorite places to go if  in Vegas.Recommendation:  A List in Las Vegas
3	First off, I love the decor and the mix of music.  I tried to get our server to give me their play list.  Apparently, Bobby Flay as some music company in NYC that compiles the mix and puts it into an iPod and ships it to each of his restaurants regularly.  hmm, how do I intercept that shipment .... As for the food.  I've been here both for dinner and Sunday brunch.  The food was good, but maybe I'm just not the TexMex kinda gal.  The brunch basket was really yummy, I wanted to take that with me.  The grits were also really good.  Actually, if I had just the bread basket and the grits I would have been just fine.  The goat cheese queso fundido was also fabulous.  Just make sure you don't let it cool down too much before you dive in.  I was really hung over, so the cactus pear ice tea with the liquid sugar was my poison of choice.  The spicy chicken + sweet potato hash was good, but I don't see me craving it.  Same with my dinner selection on a previous visit.  I ordered the New Mexican Spice Rubber Pork Tenderloin, it was good, but not very memorable.
5	This is the most I've ever enjoyed my food while sober.  The pork tenderloin was super crazy good.  I'll be going back to Vegas sooner than I would have otherwise just to have it again.  The sweet potato tamale was heavenly, although next time I'll get more pecan butter.  My mom got the rib eye without all the sauces and it was one of the tastiest pieces of beef I've ever had.  It was much better than the flavorless filet my dad had, but then if you're looking for a tasty piece of cow, you don't order filet.  I also loved the blue corn muffin and the prickly pear iced tea.  The rest of my family had tickets to see Bette Middler, conveniently located just feet from Mesa Grill, so we didn't have time for appetizers or desserts.  It hurts me to think about what I missed, but I take comfort in the fact that while they were watching Ms. Middler sing her heart out, I was in my hotel room eating their leftovers.update- I just got the Mesa Grill cookbook from Costco.  It's that good.  I'll be heading back to Vegas just to eat there and see O.
4	Bobby Flay is da MAN!  I love his shows and his food. This was my second time at Mesa Grill for brunch and with his southwestern flare you can't go wrong.  Almost everything has a little spice to it. My favorite dishes were the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash with Poached Eggs and Green Chile Hollandaise and the Spicy Scrambled Eggs with Green Onion, Jalapeno, Goat Cheese Apricot -Mustard Glazed Ham and Buttermilk Biscuits. The drinks are great too definitely try the Spicy Bloody Mary and the fresh squeezed juices. Having reservations really helped since we got seated right away and there was a pretty long wait. I haven't tried dinner here; I have heard dinner is just so-so. Besides there are too many restaurants in this city I want to try!
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  The food is very flavorful and tasty.  The wait staff is also very attentive.  It's a fun and lively ambiance.  I've yet to see Bobby Flay in there, so that is disappointing...but it won't keep me from going.
5	Okay, so I've seen Bobby Flay on TV, never felt that impressed, thought of him mainly as a TV star, so I wasn't expecting quite what I got at Mesa Grill. I have to say, everything I tasted (from margaritas to spinach to tuna steak) was delicious, thoughtfully planned and attentively made. But the thing that really amazed me was just a little side dish -- roasted tomato. It was warm, creamy, sweet, spicy -- just amazing. Best single thing I've tasted all year.
2	Damn. I wanted to like this place so badly. Bobby Flay has been my favorite TV chef for a very long time. It's to bad that his restaurant in Las Vegas is one of the biggest let downs of my young life. The atmosphere of the place was great. It was very colorful and very trendy. We had to sit on some sofa before we got sat, which was a little odd since the restaurant wasn't full, but we were at our table within five minutes of walking in. Our waiter was kind of a geezer but gave us good service none the less. Throughout the meal our drinks were constantly refilled and our dirty silverware replaced with clean ones. It's such a shame that this great ambience and service was ruined by the mediocrity of the menu. We got a quesadilla for an appetizer that was filled with chicken and topped with a fried egg. The quesadilla was surprisingly my favorite part of the meal. My entree was a southwestern grilled mahi mahi. The dish was covered in pineapple and a smoky sauce and served with a rice pilaf. First off, my fish was overcooked which meant that it was charred and very dry. Second, there were way to many different flavors and textures going on. While the mahi didn't have much flavor (aside from the charcoal taste), the smoky sauce and pineapple's completely clashed.  The rice was the only saving point of this horrendous dish. I believe that we spent around $40 per person on this meal. I do not think that this meal was worth it even though the $40 dollar tag is pretty much standard for any vegas restaurant.
4	All I've got to say is this: order the pork tenderloin. It is perfect. Tender. Flavorful. Creative. And if you want something to wash it down with, the margaritas are tasty.
4	I liked my cosmopolitan ALOT. If you like sweet and savory and saucy style of foods, you'll love this place.
5	Another great restaurant! Bobby Flay's level of detail in every bite comes through. Love the decor and ambiance.Bread selection was fresh and great! Love the hand made basket it came in! Smoked Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla perfection in every bite.New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and Tamale a definite winner. Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops and Au Gratin was frigging awesome.Another must hit restaurant while your in sin city!
2	It was very cold where we were sitting. The service was SLOW. Food was ok.
5	I have eaten here twice.  The food is INCREDIBLE.  Full of flavor, nicely presented, and decent portions.  The bread basket is awesome.  The mojitos are the best I have ever had.  I wish they would keep the manchego and grilled eggplant chile relleno on the menu permanently.  A great experience and highly recommended.
4	We had a 7:30 reservation, but they were a little backed up, so we sat in bar area and had a pre dinner cocktail. I ordered a Gimme A Lemonade, which was probably meant to be equal parts Green Tea Vodka and Lemonade, but was mostly vodka.  Nothing wrong with a strong drink, especially when shelling out 12 bucks for it, but I don't think it was worthy of being a featured cocktail. Should have gone with the Black Widow Mojito. We were seated after 10 or 15 minutes.  There were 5 of us total, and we each ordered appetizers. The Sea Scallop Ceviche and the Blue Corn Pancake were standouts. The pancake was wrapped around tender BBQ duck  and drizzled with a Habanero-Chile Anise sauce. Amazing.  The Ceviche was so good I literally had to stop myself from slurrping it up like Campbell's Chicken Noodle. Sometimes sharing is no fun.  Also noteworthy was the Beet Salad. I ordered the New Mexican Spice Ruibbed Pork Tenderloin, with Bourbon Ancho Chile sauce and a Sweet Potato Tamale. It was a huge portion, cooked to a perfect medium temp.  It was delicious, but I kept pilfering from my friend's Fire Roasted Veal Chop, so I could not finish.  I also tried the 16 Spice Duck, which was as good as the Blue Corn app.  Mesa offers a fairly decent wine selection. The 2006 Ken Wright Abbot Claim Pinot Noir  recommended the wine steward worked with every entree.  Our service was very good, and the only reason I am not giving 5 stars is that I felt that the dessert menu left something to be desired.   After dinner we headed straight to Payard for dessert.
5	Been here only once but will go back everytime I visit LV. I had reservations for Sunday eventhough I got the dates mixed up and showed up there on Saturday. Nonetheless, we were seated and they were happy to do it.I had chicken and my husband had fish. We both thought it was easily the best food we had that weekend. The cactus pear margarita was excellent, but it was expensive ($15)!
4	weapon of choice...GRILLED MAHI MAHIRoasted Pineapple-Cascabel Chile Sauce+ Caramelized Pineapple-Green Onion Salsa
5	For my first night in Vegas I tried the Michelin-star recipient Mesa Grill. The dcor was like something out of A Clockwork Orange. The glass windows were shades of yellow, red, blue, and green; the ceiling looked like the hull of a ship; the chairs were adorned with cow print. Apparently this was supposed to be a revolutionary interpretation of the restaurant's theme of southwest cuisine theme. To start, the bread was adventurous but not a favorite. Now that I remember it, the bread was a corn muffin with jalapeo and corn kernels in it. At first the muffin just tasted rather bland and stale; then the jalapeo aftertaste bitch slapped my throat and said "fuck you" on the way down. As an appetizer I had the server-recommended tiger shrimp and corn tamales with a cilantro-garlic sauce. Never having tasted tamale before, I had no idea what to expect. The cilantro-garlic sauce elevated the dish to a new level. The tamales were spicy and flavorful with bits of corn hidden inside, just for fun. The shrimp were cooked just right and didn't last long on the plate. Bob Ross would've called them "our little secret". Then, he would have threatened your life to make sure you would never tell anyone that secret. The entre was fine but not memorable - lamb tenderloin with a cilantro-mint sauce. The lamb was a bit overcooked and on its own not incredibly flavorful. What was impressive was how Southwest American and Mediterranean cuisines seemed to have wild sex on the plate. The mint took me for a ride to the best gyro-serving establishment I've never been to. The cilantro took role of the prison bitch to the powerful mint flavor. All in all, it was a very satisfying meal.
3	I wanted to love this place, but it came up a bit short of my expectations.  Service was fantastic, and the food was packed with flavor, but I felt the ingredients were skimped a little bit.  It felt to me like a restaurant where they cover mediocre ingredients with a lot of rich, flavorful sauces.  The corn sidedish is remarkable and a must for every order in my opinion, but the proteins didn't seem to be prime grade meats and seafood.
5	One of the best restaurants I've ever been to. Everything was full of flavor and seasoned well. The service was great too.
5	I'm doing the unthinkable.I'm giving Bobby Flay five stars.I didn't want to like Mesa Grill. I saw it on the Las Vegas Michelin guide and told the boy, "I can't believe they gave Bobby Flay of the Food Network a star. How can simple Southwestern food compare to the complexity of French food?"Well, I was wrong.Mesa Grill is many things, but simple is not one of them.Starting with the bread basket, you could tell this was going to be something interesting. Amidst the bread lay a yellow and blue corn cornbread muffin, filled with little pieces of corn and peppers. The boy had problems buttering his cornbread so he didn't enjoy it as much, but I really liked it. Even the white bread had bits of jalapenos in it, adding a definite kick to the start of your meal.Next, the appetizers. We ordered the blue corn pancake with barbecued duck (sort of like a BBQ peking duck) and a goat cheese chorizo tamale. Neither did it for me, but who cares about the appetizers? I was too distracted by their margaritas.Here's a word of wisdom to everyone who is thinking about coming to Mesa Grill: ORDER A MESA GRILL MARGARITA.After trying a Mesa Grill margarita, I'm not quite sure if I can drink anything else. Their margaritas are what a margarita should taste like - top shelf tequila (it was smoother than some vodka I drink!), fresh lime juice, quality salt...it was totally light, totally refreshing...If only they made yard long drinks of THAT.Anyway, back to the meal - the boy ordered the dry rubbed pork tenderloin while I had the pan seared halibut. The boy's pork tenderloin was tender. Actually, tender doesn't even begin to describe it - every time I took a bite, it had the texture of filet mignon. Just the way they prepared it was mindblowing. My halibut was flakey and moist, but if I could have done it all over again, I would have ordered the tenderloin too.The thing I think I love the most about Mesa Grill is that the whole experience is unlike anything else I've tried. You can't compare the flavors to anything else - everything we tasted was in your face, upfront and bold.......Almost like Bobby Flay's personality.Wow. I've been converted.
4	I don't really like BBQ.  I don't really like Southwest Style cooking.  I actually don't really like Bobby Flay or his cocky attitude either......I liked Mesa Grill.While the location may not do it for some, my buddy and I stopped in here for a quick bite to eat while betting on the NFL games as it is in direct view of the Sportsbook at Caesars.  Immediately on being seated we were brought a complimentary bread basket with absolutely amazing jalapeno corn bread, biscuits, and a cheesy garlic bread that was out of this world.  I ordered a diet coke which was repeatedly refilled and we were not charged for despite sitting around BSing for nearly 2 hours while my buddy drank two beers that he noted were well priced.For meals, my buddy ordered the Mesa Burger with Double Cheddar Cheese, Grilled Vidalia Onion, and Horseradish Mustard on a House Roll with Southwest fries.....the burger was enormous and per his word "awesome."  I opted for the Thick Cut Ahi Tuna Nachos with spicy aoili and blue corn tortillas.  While it appears this amazing dish has since been removed from the menu, I still contest it is one of the 3 best forms of raw tuna I've yet to consume.  The portion was large and at only $11 my total bill with tip for 2 baskets of bread, nachos, soda, and 2 hours of hanging out was a mere $15.While this isn't "5 star" dining, it is one heck of a deal for high quality food in a nice 'bar' setting when in Vegas.  In retrospect I wish I'd have ordered dessert, but with dinner reserves at Simon later that evening I didn't want to overindulge.....y'know, after eating the Paris buffet for breakfast.
2	I dined at Mesa Grill in Vegas May 20th. I ordered the 16 spice duck and was not asked how I wanted it cooked. I am used to a bit pink in the middle, but this was bloody rare. The tamale had no Goat Cheese and was sticky and a glob of cornmeal.I asked the duck be cooked more and it took forever.The tables are so close together you may as well have just one big row of cafeteria tables like in grade school. I was cold, and the woman right next to me at another table commented twice to the waiter that the air could be turned down. We both asked. It remained cold. A young woman in a sundress sat down, after the cold middle aged woman left, I mentioned to her she might be chilly, and the waiter immediately offered her a SHAWL. Draped a lovely black shawl around her shoulders. Interesting.Under whelmed by the whole experience, I found it disappointing and overpriced. I recognized none of the dishes from the TV show.I'll not be recommending this restaurant .
4	YUM-ME. I've always watched his shows like thrown down or iron chef america, and I was so thrilled to be finally eating at his very own restaurant.I tried the grilled mahi mahi, which was delicious.and my boyfriend tried the chicken with mango. LOTS OF FLAVOR!and we had the chili pepper with black beans covered with corn.i definitely want to go back and hopefully see bobby in the kitchen!
4	So good! We had 4 appetizers - the must have is the duck burrito thing (I can't remember it's name). It was off the hook. Bobby Flay knows how to put flavors together that make your mouth water. My entree was the pork tenderloin and it was also awesome. my hubby had the veal chop which he said melted in his mouth. Great cocktails too - I had a peach margarita and my hubby had the black widow mojito...
5	Flay's food is consistently good.  I've been eating at the Mesa's since Mesa Grill opened in NYC lo these many years ago.Had a great lunch here with the fam.  If you haven't tried his cuisine, it is worth a trip.I wish they sold the Mesa hats - I'd like to buy one.
5	After eating at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill in Ceasar's Palace, I'm pretty sure I would allow Flay to "throwdown" on me anytime he wants. His food a seriously sexy and  unforgettable "explosion" of flavors in my mouth again and again. Woowee! It's getting hot in here, and it's not just because of his masterful use of spices. But let's move onto the food.I went to Vegas this past weekend, and was excited to find that the people I went to didn't want to just go to the plethora of buffets that Vegas has to offer. Instead, our group ventured into the culinary adventures that Vegas had to offer, and our first stop was Mesa Grill.Three things about me:1) i love spicy foods2) i typically do not like bloody mary's (in fact, i detest them)3) i never get red meat past medium. (pink is where its at)We ordered our drinks first, I ordered the margarita (which was just ok, BUT when I asked for extra tequila, the server hooked a sister up!) My other fellow food goers both ordered bloody marys. I tried a sip, and I swear I was in spicy tomato heaven. It was the best bloody bloody mary I've ever had, and I actually REGRETTED not ordering one for myself. Score 1 for Bobby Flay!Next, our server set down a bounty of delicious baked goods. (good thing because we were starving) Now usually, the bread is usually just ok and filler food til the meal comes. The basket alone could have made up a meal, and I would have been perfectly content. (just goes to show you how serious they take food) The assortment came with jalepeno corn muffins and biscuits, cranberry scones, blueberry coffee cake, and the best part was that they gave us three of each because there were three of us! Now that's dedication!Next, the three of us ordered the Mesa Burger, Scrambled Egg Enchilada, and the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash with Poached Eggs. My burger came with fries dusted with a southwestern seasoning (ancho chili powder, and probably some cayenne). The fries were delectably spicy and the burger was cooked medium (with the perfect pink center) score 2 more points for Flay.  The burger was HUGE accompanied by tasty grilled onions, swiss cheese, and a side of horseradish mustard. I could have stopped here, and Flay would have exceeded my expectations, but he was definitely not through with me yet. Next the Scrambled Egg Enchiladas. Scrambled eggs with chorizo and goat cheese rolled in tortillas, and assembled on top of three different sauces. The great thing I loved about this was that it was not drenched with sauce like your typical enchilada. Instead, there were three intricate sauces (all sure to stimulate your taste buds), that went well with the delicate eggs. Scrumptious!I was perfectly satisfied, but Flay insisted "to keep on going" and make the experience "last a little longer."  I had to try the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash. I was unsure about the dish- thought the sweet potatoes might have been overkill. However, I took a bite, and I was in food heaven. It was everything you want in a meal. Well balanced flavors, perfectly seasoned, and not too heavy.  I was so full, but I couldn't stop eating. I wanted more. I needed more. It was the perfect climatic end to a delicious meal. As Rhett S. said, if you go to Vegas and have not made it to Mesa, you havent really experienced Vegas at all.  I would drive 4 hours just to try it again!
3	I wasn't impressed.Don't get me wrong, the food was good but not what I expected.  Nothing outstanding.  My friend got a steak and it was actually quite tough even though it was cooked medium.  Everything has chipotle in it...which isn't a bad thing but just be prepared.Overall I wouldn't go again.  It's good if you're curious but I rather spend my money elsewhere...like Mario Batali's
5	(Jan/ 2006)Have you ever been satisfied with your meal even before getting it? You would if your bread basket looked like this! An assortment of breads and pastries, you just can't believe that it's free.With such an eclectic menu, we just had to try a little bit of everything. We had the queso dip, tuna tartare, seared halibut, burger and fries, and crabcakes-- all amazing delicious! It's too bad we were stuffed because we could go on with the rest of the menu.
4	Solid food. Not overrated at all.Coming into Mesa Grill, I've really felt that Bobby Flay's such a overrated cook with a freaking ego problem. Ever seen Bobby Flay's throwdown on the food network? Annoying is all I can say.My perspective has really changed, after dining here for a lunch. His ingredients, his hand in opening this restaurant, he can back up the s*it that he's talking. It's good, solid food. Not everything is transcendent brilliant - omg I could die right now - type of food, but a lot of his food has their moments.Even at the beginning, with the breadbasket, the experience starts. Extremely good stuff. Three different types of bread, all unique and brilliant in its own right. Jalapeno bread, Raisin Walnut bread, and Blue/Yellow cornbread muffins. The biggest highlight was the muffin - so sweet and slightly buttery for that savory taste. Even the crumbs in the breadbasket were subsequently picked out and devoured by myself.I'm lucky my girlfriend wanted some dishes from the prix fixe, so we were able to mix and match appetizers and entrees. I ordered a blue corn pancake, filled with duck in star anise sauce, with habanero sauce on top. Presentation was brilliant, flavor was excellent as well. The anise sauce tasted almost peking duck like, and had a significantly Asian feel to it with the cilantro. However, the dish was distinctly southwestern with the kick of the habanero. Very interesting how the dish crossed cultures.Entree was the Jamaican jerk chicken from the prix fixe menu, which was vastly unsatisfying and very disappointing. Flavor was decent, but you almost expect more from this dish.My girlfriend had the Mesa burger, of which I ate half. It was a good burger, but the problem was, it was just a burger, nothing extremely special. I wasn't too impressed. However, I may have been offset in my burger opinions by just eating the Daniel Boulud burger a meal ago. Oh well.Dessert came by with the prix fixe, and it was supposedly a lime sorbet, according to the server. It actually was a guava sorbet. And it has to be one of the best sorbets I've had - ever. That's saying a lot. Slightly tart flavor, but good sweetness, and key tasting of the texture of the guava sediment so commonly seen while drinking either guava juice or eating guavas. Kept the good pinkish color of the guava as well. A great end to that meal.Does Mesa really deserve that shiny one Michelin floret (star)? I would say yes. But probably not more than that.4 stars - Solid. Some misses, but some absolutely brilliant dishes that really made me believe in this myth of Bobby Flay. He is a good innovator, no doubt about it. Definitely worth a visit, just to see for yourself.
4	I had the most random experience here, but I really liked it.  The decor is really bright, colorful, and fun but in a sophisticated way.  The bottle of wine my boyfriend and I shared was moderately priced and delicious.  The goat cheese fundido was large and yummy, and was a nice change from the usual "queso" you can get at TexMex restaurants.  And the halibut we shared was large and spicy with really great, complex flavors.  The chopped salad was meh- small with typical ingredients and flavors.  I wouldn't get this here, get something more exotic.  The ceviche trio looked amazing, fyi.  Overall, the meal was a great success and I would go back in a heartbeat.The odd thing were the tables around us, which prevented us from getting really good service.  The table to our right waited thirty minutes for their appetizer to be delivered, were angry, and were comped on the dish.  The table to our left were hicks (seriously) and were demanding, loud and obnoxious.  The worst part is that they were convinced they had *JIZZ* on their beer glass and were making a big scene about it.  The manager tried to explain to them that the lime on the side of the glass was dripping down and created the liquid on the glass, to which the wife said, "no thats not lime, I'm a mother" (wtf?) and the husband yelled, "if you think it's lime, then lick it!"  They were given a new beer, and the husband once again complained there was jizz on the glass.  And yes, I mean jizz.  So retarded.  I thought our server (who was their server as well) handled the situation very calmly and rationally, but it was very distracting (and funny, I'll admit, I was laughing my a** off listening to them).With all the drama, we saw our waiter very rarely, hence the one star reduction (along with the unmemorable chopped salad).  However, in any other circumstance I'm sure he would have been better.  And the busboys made up for our server, as they refilled my flipping camel of a boyfriend's glass at least twelve times.  That couple to our left though... man, I thought LA had all the crazy people.
1	Went for Brunch. Ordered the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash with poached eggs and green chile hollandaise and the scrambled egg enchiladas with chorizo, red chile sauce and goat cheese.The enchiladas were so tiny they looked like taquitos. There were two extremely small tortillas filled with barely any eggs on a plate with some sauce. For $16, I expected A LOT more. The poached egg/hash concoction was inedible. The spice totally overpowered the dish. I could not taste any flavors of sweet potatoes, chicken or egg. This ended up being a super disappointing experience.
2	Bobby Flay how I hate you.  Recently Bourdain has said that Bobby deserves more than just that show on Food TV where he gets embarrased by cooking local food against a local and having the audience like *suprise* the local's food better.  But that's Bourdain's opinion.  He hasn't been to Mesa Grill. For being such a world renowned egotistical chef, you'd think he'd be able to put money where his mouth is.  I gave him a fair chance (3 courses + drinks) but he disappointed me to no end.  The one thing he got right- smokiness. He was able to really capture the smoke in the soup.  Unfortunately he also ODed the soup on Cumin.  Eh, mediocre.  The scallops were filled with Cumin. What does a kid from NY know about Mexican food?  Good question.  Answer? Cumin.  That's it.  One word to describe Bobby Flay's food at Mesa? Cumin.  Well how about 3 words?  GOD AWFUL CUMIN.   I think Bobby went down to Mexico to learn how to cook, they showed him the Cumin spice and that's the end. Who likes food to all taste the same?  If I wanted that I'd go to McDonalds.  At least I would have been... what's the word?  Satisfied.
3	i love the persona that is bobby flay, so i had high expectations going into mesa grill.the bread basket with the variety of carbs - corn muffins, some type of raisin bread and jalapeno bread paired well with my bloody mary.for starters, we had the sophie's chopped salad (named after his daughter) and the black bean soup.  the black bean soup was amazing.  it was perfectly spiced and delicious.i had the jerk chicken taquitos.  i was disappointed that they were not rolled tortillas stuffed with jamaican jerk flavored chicken and cabbage slaw.  it turned out to be a half chicken served on the side of a mini puffy tortilla topped with slaw.my partner in food had the smoked chicken and sweet potato hash topped with poached eggs.  it was a nice mix of flavors and textures.  i wish that i had ordered that instead.the dessert was not very memorable.  we ate there a few days ago and neither one of us can remember what we had.the server that we had was either new or really didn't care because he didnt describe anything in detail and i felt like we were bothering him when we needed anything.if bobby had been there cooking, i'm sure that everything would have been totally better.  since he wasn't.. everything was just okay.
4	Alright Bobby Flay, you have my approval..... I started with a goat cheese fondue which was fantastic, even though it only came with about a hand full of tortilla chips. My main course was the duck served with a corn and chorizo tamale and it was probably the best duck I have ever tasted. My margaritas were good, but I've had better for less than 12.00..... Overall, it was a very tasty meal.
4	i would give this a 3.5 but no halvies. I only went for lunch so I can't rate if it's a 5-er without it.  We (as always if there is a we that means husband and I) went mainly because it's a Bobby Flay restaurant so that swayed us. Also- with so many choices of good places, the menu looked good. It was an early lunch because we were starvino and just got off the plan a few hours before. so we had the Wild Mushroom Quesadilla as a starter. As a disclaimer, i think anything with truffle oil tastes good. I also love mushrooms. It was really good- I like the crunch to the  quesadilla and the hummus on a quesadilla was new to me and beats the questionable tomato salsa with the salmonella scare.So-how do you review eating a salad? It's pretty much greens and meat right?  I had the  16 spice chicken salad. The rub on the chicken was pretty flavorful and i've only started ordering chicken at restaurants (personal reasons but sometimes i think eating chicken at restaurants is a waste- but hey it's salad).  Overall it's a good salad and goat cheese is probably my favorite cheese.My husband had the New Mexican spiced pork tenderloin sandwich which was really tender. The fries had a kick to it.To digress (or not) Bobby Flay is all about simple food with lots of flavoring. The husband summed it up that you can either go totally wrong with all the spices or it works.  I think it works for him.Yes- we start drinking once we hit the ground in Vegas. I had a special drink of the day a watermelon margarita...really refreshing and not watered down. there is enough water in the watermelon! Husband is a mojito and wished for more mojitos. The glassware is super cute.I think they gave us 3 kinds of breads, memorable was the spicy jalepeno corn muffin. I watched a Bobby Flay Showdown episode where they had the kentucky browns which he served in his restaurant. I saw it on the menu but thought it would be too heavy for me, so i live in a world of regret. jkService I can't say much for. We were early so we were jocked and they were very nice and attentive. I thought they were good. If I were you- i'd try it. If you are waiting in line for Pure- maybe one stooge of a friend can sit there while you enjoy a drink and appie and trade off. If i go back for dinner- i'll revise.
3	Maybe it's because I was here for brunch and the menu selection wasn't very good.  I had the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash with poached eggs.  I thought it was kinda mushy and not really a "hash", and too sweet for my taste.  Gobs of tabasco didn't help much either.  I also had some of my cousin's egg scramble tortilla thing, which was ok as well.  Nothing to really rave about.  But the cheesy grits were soooooo good.  Had I known how good they were, I would've gave up on my entree and just ate the whole little bowl of grits.I did like the goat cheese fondue with tortilla chips.  And my Bloody Mary was tasty and spicy, just the way I like it.  But overall?  I expected more from a Bobby Flay restaurant.  Maybe I'll go back to try dinner.
4	Yeah, it is a chain. But it is a hell of a chain. The tamale appetizer: killer. Pork Tenderloin: pefectly cooked. Halibut. Man - the sauces were outfreaking standing. So full we didn't order dessert.
3	I chose Mesa Grill after hearing Delmonico's is way overrated. Having eaten at the Bahamas location, and despite my aversion to Bobby Flay, I decided to give the Las Vegas MG a try.1. Awkward seating arrangement: We had a table of six, and it seemed like they had to put a table in the middle of a seating arrangement in order to fit us. We would've been perfectly fine if the wait staff wasn't continually bumping into my friends' chairs and then asking them to move out the way. That was uncool.2. Food was great. Everyone was really happy with their dishes. Amongst the six of us, we ordered the duck, ribeye and pork tenderloins. For sides, pesto mashed potatoes, baby carrots, tiger shrimp tamale and sauteed spinach. We had to wait a bit for a couple of the sides because the waitress forgot them, but it wasn't too bad. Food came out hot and tasty.3. Desserts were okay. I enjoyed my spicy chocolate creme brulee in the Bahamas more than the profiteroles I had. I thought they were really stingy with the iced cream which put me off a bit.4. Service was alright. Our waitress was chatty and came around a few times to check on us.Mesa Grill Las Vegas didn't disappoint and I wouldn't be against visiting BF's other restaurants.
4	After waving goodbye to my BF at Caesar's poker room at noon, I decided to treat myself and have lunch at Mesa Grill.  I sat at the bar and was greeted by a very friendly bartender.  After a horrible meal at Red, White & Blue in the Mandalay Bay the day before, I was hoping for something better and was in the mood for a burger.  There were two on Mesa Grill's menu, a standard one and one that was a cuban style burger.  I asked the bartender which was better.  He said he thought both are good but suggested I try the cuban style one for a change of pace.The burger came on a rectangular glass plate with a side of fries and an aioli.  I liked how the bun was toasted and firm, not soggy.  The beef was very juicy and cooked medium rare.  There was ham in burger.  While it was tasty, I could have done without it, as I think meat upon meat is a bit much.  The fries were crisp and well-seasoned.  For $16 it's not a bargain but after tasting the horrible, but same priced burger at Red, White & Blue, I thought the one at Mesa Grill was worth it.  The only thing I thought was a bit pricey was my lemonade, which was $4.  It was good, but not $4 good.  Nevertheless, I'll definitely go back to Mesa Grill try the other items on the menu.
5	Lets start by saying that if I could give Mesa Grill 6 stars- I WOULD! Much to my surprise I see that many of my fellow yelpers did not have the same experience that I did! How unfortunate because I left Mesa dizzy with epicurean pleasure, and hey... I only had ONE glass of wine!Last trip to Vegas we regretted not stopping in at Mr. Flay's so we were sure to pop in on our first night, while wandering the city. Still full off a ridiculous meal at The Burger Bar we opted for appetizers and drinks at the bar only. The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable about the food and I saw her whip a hot pink cocktail, something I have never seen.. I believe it was a cactus something or other... anyway we ordered some wine and 2 apps; Chicken Tacos and Goat Cheese Queso - WOW~ The food was so good, surely beyond my expectations! In short, I can say we will absolutely hit up Mesa Grill each and every trip to Vegas!
4	I wasn't feeling too well from blacking out the night before, but I had the veal chop for dinner and it was pretty satisfying.  Portions were really big, no one in our table finished their food, maybe because everyone was hung over sick with no appetite.  Service was excellent.
5	Your steaks are a work worthy of my 52 hard earned dollars.  And not many steaks achieve such praise from a cheapy like myself.   Mr. Flay's recieved a visit from me on my birthday.  The waitstaff was not only nice, and professional, but really funny as well (maybe it was the cute six girls).   The only complaint some of us had (not I, dear ones) is that the beverages took awhile to appear.  The food was delicious.  Even the tough critics enjoyed their meals.  We particularly liked the pesto mashed potato,  the wasabi baked potato, the black bean chili relleno, the ny strip and the duck.  See ya soon Bobby! Dinner and a couple of drinks $430 for six people.
5	Loved it.  The hefty half pound Mesa Burger had me at hello:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=GShF_l6J5D4PBiC2D5GE1gA horseradish mustard came along for the ride and was just spicy enough, went great with the caramelized onions.  A nice cup of smooth coffee had me bright eyed and ready to go and see a show afterwards.  Service was quick, careful and friendly.  The atmosphere is light and open and full of people.  Not particularly expensive.  Come to Caesars and hit this place up, you'll be glad you did.  The best Vegas celeb chef restaurant,  Bobby Flay you're the man.
5	Not only is Bobby Flay good looking....he can cook! Mesa Grill was absolutely delicious. Make sure you make a reservation as early as possible....especially with large parties.  The portions were the right size....not too big and not too small. Even the blue corn muffin and jalapeno bread did a great job warming up the palate for the main entree. My party had the 12 spice duck breast, pork loin, halibut and I had the salmon. I would have to say the halibut and pork was impressive. The spices and condiments that Flay is known for really comes through in each dish. Side dishes included, spinach, mashed potatoes and Chile relleno. Margaritas are a must! I can't wait to go back!
5	good food and great service. i got the poke and sea bass. my boyfriend got this duck ding and the steak. let's just say bobby flay is known for his sauces and yes dere are excellent. nice restaurant and service was good. check it out.
5	Yes I know people dislike Bobby Flay, but I made it a priority to try his restaurant next time I was in Vegas.  We got a later reservation after a show.  This place is good stuff.  One of the best appetizerrs there is the shrimp tamale.  It's really good and I'd just eat that alone next time.  I had the Pork Loin and it was amazing.  Three huge pieces of pork grilled perfectly with Flay's signature southwestern style sauces.  Both were recommended by a knowledgeable waiter.  Would go back again and again.  My luck ran out when I decided to put $20 on the 49er's after dinner, Mesa Grill is next to the Sports Betting area :)
2	I was truly disappointed with my experience here and hope that I might be able to change my opinion when I come here for lunch.  When we were seated for dinner we all couldn't help but feel like we were an irritation to our server.  After all we were seated for a 10 pm dinner, James, the server, if you don't want serve people than don't work the dinner shift.  When he came over to take our orders, he didn't even bother to find out what we wanted to drink, he just took our entree orders.  When our food came out it was alright.  But I think our experience there was definitely affected by our mediocre service.
5	After a few days in Vegas........dining, drinking, partying, working (yes I said working)........with my coworkers,  a collegue and I decided we'd make our last dinner in Vegas a good one, and we'd split the cost.  It was a toss up between this place and .............. __cant _remember__too_much_boozin___, and let me tell you it was completely worth the cost ( team of 6 people $$$)!  Everything from the tamales, to the lamb, to the pork tenderloin, to the spicy tuna and salmon tartares,  the carrots....the new york steak....yeah so we ordered a lot  of food, and it was all fantastic.  And of course you cant go wrong with a corona to accompany a good mexican dinner. Eclectic, fun decor, love the fact that you can see everything goin on in the adjacent casino, not to mention all the doofuses getting in line for Pure nightclub, and the Pussy Cat Lounge. Cant wait to go back.
3	I'll offer Mesa 3.25 stars... Atmosphere: While the space is open, colorful and lively, the tables are so close together that you can  hear your neighbor's every word. Service: A little lackluster. Long waits between refills, no second cocktails offered, etc. Friendly and knowledgable, but lacking those extras that I expect from upscale dining. Apps:  Blue corn duck pancake and the smoked chicken quesadilla. The pancake seemed to be an after-thought to the duck, which was the main event. Tender and smoky, cooked really well. Unfortunately, the sauce was overwhelmingly sweet and we couldn't detect many other flavors. The quesadilla was just that- the quality was good, but the flavors a bit bland.  Mains:  Filet Mignon rubbed with special seasoning was spicy and cooked to perfection. "Like buttah," in the words of my date, and a ridiculously large portion size. Chili Relano was divine! Oozing, melting Oaxacan cheese with a biting, peppery and cornmeal finish. Overall, the entrees were, on there own 5 stars. Cocktails: Only tried one each due to aforementioned service issue, but black widow mojito was excellent. Mildly sweet, with a distinctive taste of anise- perfect amount of alcohol.
3	I met my fiancee for our first official date (yes that's right, we had our first date in Las Vegas).  We weren't all that impressed by this place, I guess that's because we came in with high expectations since Bobby Flay is an iron chef and FoodTV celebrity.  We ordered the salmon and pork tenderloin for our entrees.  I personally thought the salmon was better.  Now that I think about it, I think I should have had a steak considering that's what you see Bobby Flay cooking on TV all the time.  There are so many restaurants in Las Vegas that I don't think I'll ever get to go back to try that steak , oh well ......
2	We came here for brunch. For appetizer, my group ordered the Spicy Tuna and Salmon Tartare and some kind of quesadilla with chicken and bacon. I enjoyed the quesadilla and although the Spicy Tuna was fresh, the portion was way too small. For my entree, I ordered the 16 spice chicken salad ($16). I thought the chicken slices were too bland and not enough kick. For dessert, we ordered the profiteroles with the Mexican chocolate sauce. The chocolate sauce had the perfect amount of heat and sweet, unlike the rest of the entrees I've tried. On the plus side, our server was nice, but I don't think I'd eat here again.
5	the resturant was good with top notch waiter service. the cool thing is i got to meet bobby flay and also the waitress got us signed cookbooks while he was leaving. the look of the resturant was not really my type but it was ok and the food was excellent
5	Point of reference for how good I really think this place is.  I am not at all a fan of Las Vegas, so if a restaurant can earn five stars, it certainly stands out amongst the smoke filled recirculated air and endless casino noise!  Very comfortable, colorful ambiance; the private dining room is a great spot for groups.Had the great opportunity to diner here during a recent business trip.  As we were a larger sized party, we had a limited selection menu.  Note -- and still, Bobby get his five stars!  The roasted garlic corn tamale (sans roasted shrimp for this non-crustacean gal) was delightful -- his recipes take very simple plates and create amazing layers of flavor.  The corn cilantro sauce was great, and altogether, the dish had a surprising kick hidden within -- fantastic!  The grilled Mahi Mahi was cooked perfectly - left very tender, with a roasted pineapple/chili sauce and a pineapple salsa -- the combo of sweet, warm, and spicy!  (Mr. Flay certainly knows exactly how to use chiles and while he likely even includes chile with desserts, it works!  Service was excellent. Wine list was plentiful and had great options to accompany spicy foods!Oh - and I LOVE the dining chairs in the main room -- wood frame with a red leather seat, backed with a cowhide insert on the back side of the chair. If anyone knows where I might find something similar, drop me a note!  Any San Francisco Mesa grills on the way??!
4	Watching Iron Chef I felt i need to root for the Japanese guy, but my new show is Throw Down, and Bobby Flay is my new hero, it's amazing how he can challenge these specialist in what they do.  So I had to give Mesa Grill a try after throw down.  Service = Awesome! we got a funny one, can't complaint your in VegasAmbience = a bit pretenious, but it's Vegas, anything else would be boring Food = Was definitely good, but expect, but not over the top great as I would have liked, huge throw down fan so a bit disappointed.  Will be back for another tryPrice = $$$ shockingly cheap, so defintely be back for 2ndsCrowd = early brunch, throw down fansPersonal Favorite = I have to say it's was flawless, just maybe expections a bit high in Vegas as well.  Worst = Had to leave my JD w coke at the door :(Meal for two = $90 brunchFinal say = If this restaurant was in Seattle it'll be top 5 for sure!
5	Ok so like a lot of people on here, I'm a pretty big Bobby Flay fan.  I became even more of a fan after seeing him in a chefography that the Food Network did on him.  He seemed very down to earth and I enjoyed learning about how his success had such humble origins.All the backstory aside, this truly is an amazing restaurant.  So the decour is unique and he uses quite interesting colors but besides all of that kind of stuff, the food simply tastes amazing.  I mean even a simple Rib eye steak isn't just a good piece of meat.  It's an AMAZINGLY beautiful juicy work of art.  The tiger shrimp tamale and the wild mushroom quesadilla were just delicious.  Even the Mojito was awsome!I don't know what to say.  Bobby Flay deserves all the fan fare he gets.  He truly is an Iron Chef and his restaurant Mesa Gril is a place I'd love to go back to time and again.  I am sooo looking forward to trying Bolo, his New York restaurant whenever I get around to visiting the east coast again.Just know it's a bit expensive ($117 for dinner for 2) and the wait can be long so make reservations and be on time.
5	When in Vegas GO HERE! Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is the gold standard in Las Vegas dining!I go here every time I visit- which is almost bi-monthly. My family has become friends with the waiters we go there so much. Make sure you have a reservation- else you are not eating trust me. The food is ROCKIN'! I have tried almost everything, it is ALL AMAZING. It's hard to believe food can taste so good. Recommendations:Appetizers:Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Corn Tamale, Blue Corn PancakeDinner: Pork Tenderloin (best in the world), Grilled Mahi MahiThey used to have tiger shrimp blue corn nachos, but I think they took them off the menu. It is worth special-requesting this appetizer. They might make it for you. Homemade tortilla chips Bobby Flay style. Can you even imagine?
4	Mesa Grill is good, solid food.  The prices are pretty outrageous at dinner, but brunch/lunch are very reasonable. The mesa burger is great. Also had the Pork Tenderloin which was really solid (should have been at $45+).  Margaritas are EXCELLENT and its a good place to get a primer into Tequila options.  I love the bread basket they bring....really really good.
4	I agree with most people here that Mesa Grill is good. Our group of 6 came here for dinner and left quite happily and satisfied. Of all our dishes though, I highly recommend the Tiger Shrimp Blue Corn Tamale for appetizer and Grilled Mahi Mahi. The creaminess of the tamale and the sweet/ sour/ slightly spicy pineapple sauce drizzled on the fish will definitely send you to heaven!One disappointment was our drinks. 2 of us ordered "Gimme a Lemonade" (green tea vodka + lemonade). It was very bitter and we could not taste any sour-ness of lemonade. It tasted like water down vodka. But maybe it's supposed to be this way?I give Mesa Grill 4 out of 5 because it didn't impress us with as much punch as some other places we tried in the next few days.
3	I've been here twice now and I don't think I can come back. Mesa Grill has outstanding food that will not disappoint, but the service is severely lacking here. Both times that we've made reservations, we've been forced to wait about 45 minutes. My time is too valuable to wait like that again. When we finally got seated, the server was very pretentious. He took our orders and gave us our food. I'm supposed to tip him $40 for that? Yeah right. There's a lot of great food to be eaten in Vegas. I wouldn't waste your time with this place just because it's owned by Bobby Flay.
2	I was really excited to try to this restaurant because of the reputation it had.  Bobby Flay...you pretentious bastard! Stop putting chipotle and cilantro on everything.  What's sad is that the buffet had tastier meats than this overrated place.  Poor people who freakin wait the 2 hr lines just to get a mediocre steak priced at $60 with no sides.  Best part of this place was the exit.
4	$200/person? I'm not sure what the previous reviewer ordered, but for 3 appetizers, 4 entrees and 1 dessert our total came out to just over $200. I always thought Bobby Flay was kind of douchey and I never really had any interest in going to one of his restaurants, but Throwdown came on when I was really hungry and I was hooked and made a reservation for my bf's bday dinner at Mesa Grill.I must say, I was pretty impressed. Everything we ate was delicious and the service was top notch. We started out with the tiger shrimp with tamale, the blue corn pancake with duck and the wild mushroom grits. I don't know what kind of sauce they put on the shrimp but it was soooo good. As were the wild mushroom grits with a perfectly poached egg. If they threw some bacon on that I could eat it for breakfast every day! The only slight disappointment was the blue corn pancake. I was expecting something more along the lines of a large blini and instead it was like a soft taco. For our entrees my dad had the chicken, which I don't know if it was fried, but it had a very different crust on the outside. The bf ordered the fish, I think it was halibut and he didn't really like the accompanying sauce which he said was like bbq sauce. They also thought the portions were a bit small and their dishes didn't come with any sides. My mom had the veal with a wild rice tamale and I had the pork tenderloin with a sweet potato tamale, both of which were very generous portions and very tasty. Ok, now here comes my one gripe...yes, corn is southwestern, but if you notice, I swear everything here comes with a cornmeal-something. We started out with cornbread, then there were tamales with the shrimp, blue corn pancakes, grits, more tamales with the entrees, and if you wanted, there was even cornbread pudding for dessert. I don't think we gravitated toward cornmeal everything, but there is just a ton of it on the menu. We were stuffed by the time dessert rolled around and we split the banana hazlenut sundae. It had these tiney bruleed bananas on top and a fig sauce. Very nice.I would love to come back here again, but there are many more Vegas restaurants to be tried and tasted first!
4	Tried this restaurant after seeing Anthony Bourdain's experience on the Travel Channel.  Am not a big fan of Bobby Flay - being of the opinion that he is the Ryan Seacrest of the Food Network.  But Mesa Grill did not disappoint - the food was cooked well, tasty and creative.  I was happily surprised by the meal.  Knowing how Bobby Flay likes lobsters, chili, corn and alcohol, I had the paella dish - all the seafood was cooked perfectly and a drink called the black widow - All of which was tasty.  The restaurant itself has great acoustics - for being filled on a Saturday night, you could actually hear the person next to you and not all the conversations around you.  Service was ehh - our waiter reeked of alcohol and was not the most attentive.
4	Not a huge fan of Bobby on the FoodNetwork, but Mesa Grill changed my mind -- the food was really outstanding.  We're poor, so we went for lunch and thought it was definitely worth the price.  The waiter recommended a margarita that was out of this world.  I'm sure there are other places that are fancier and better, but we're poor.  It was the best meal we had in Vegas!   :)
5	Holy shit.  Bottle of some beer I never heard of and a Chimay.  Started with a black bean and chicken quesadilla.  Got the New York strip with a side of mashed potatoes (holy crap it had pesto in it?!?!?) and had the flourless chocolate cake for dessert.  Best food I've ever had.Service was ridiculously good.  Never had to ask for anything, they sensed my desires.  Went #1 and when I got back they had folded my napkin.  Wow.Only peeve about this place was that we had a party of 10 and had 9 people and they wouldn't seat us until the 10th got there.  Lame.  I say what the hell we're gonna spend almost 1k here just seat us and get over yourselves.But, overall, I see why Michelin rated them so high on their list.  Great food, great service.  It's what I use as a bar for other restaurants, and honestly it isn't even fair.In one sentence: Mesa Grill is the place to go for food orgasms.
5	I think the dinner I had here might be the best I've ever had.Eats:  We started with the tigert shrimp tamalle.  It is one of the signature dishers and it's that way for good reasons.  It was perfect, just perfect.  I can;t really put it into words how perfect but just understand it was devine.For entree my girl had the duck and she said it was great.  I had the "bone-in" rib eye with the chile sauce and it was hands down the best steak I've ever had.   the sauce was not over poweringly spicey like I expected from Flay.  Just very good flavor that added to the steak without overpowering it.I've had real Japanease kobe served at other celebrety chef restaurants (Gordon Ramsey London, West Hollywood) and I'd prefer the steak at Mesa every time.The atmosphere wasn't my favorite.  You could see the casino sports room through the glass and it was a little loud.  The tables were close together and it was nearly impossible not to chat with the people sitting at the table beside you.  That was a little irritating but not so much that this is not one of the top five best restaurants I've ever been too.I can't imagine why anyone would complain about this place's food. It is some of the best ever and worth every penny. The portion sizes are huge also!
4	We went for lunch a few weeks ago and enjoyed our meal. The duck appetizer was yummy and so were the tacos we ordered.  The fish and the chicken.  They started with the nachos with queso and that was to die for.  I was full but felt the lunch entre portions were too small.Come on Mr Flay
2	Service was uninsprired.  So many options at so many interesting and exciting places in Vegas . . . does not seem possible.We were with a group of guys with big plans for the evening.  We had to stand-up, find servers to get them to come to the table to bring us more drinks.Food was very good.Like the viewing grill.Room is tired.
3	I love the pork tenderloin, but I wish Bobby Flay would change up the menu a bit.  Make me want to go back again!
4	You can't go wrong by booking a reservation at one of Bobby Flay's flagship restaurant next to the sportsbook at Caesar's Palace Hotel and Casino.  First, they bring out one of the most tasty bread baskets in Vegas (second only to Guy Savoy's bread cart).  So, try not to fill up.Tamales are his staple and are probably the best items on the menu - my favorte: the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale. Super-yum!!  If you have a big appetite and a higher credit card limit, go for the Bone In Chipolte Rib Eye!  Save room for think-out-of-the-box deserts like his peach, mango and creme cheese empanadas.My mom and I liked the Prix Fixe Lunch special, it has just the right touches - the best of Bobby Flay at a much lighter fare.  Also, the mixologist at the bar will concoct the most amazing drinks!  My poison: Black Widow Mojito!!
5	I met Bobby Flay! He is SO nice and let us all come in to take a picture with him! We spotted him as we were passing by.. and like a little teenie bopper, I waved at him! If he can sit in his own restaurant and eat his own food...it definitely means that you can give it a try too!P.S. Cocky attitude? negative!
5	Once again went to Mesa Grill and it was the best.  Had the shrimp tamale with the corn relish.  Amazing.  I was getting full with the great bread and the tamale.  Then I had the pork loin and again just barely finished it.  Solid food and the best.  My wife had a great beet salad and duck.
5	First let me start off by saying there are two different types of Celebrity Chefs. There is the Chefs that are famous for cooking amazing dishes and have a reputation for running a great restaurant like the Chef I work for in Atlanta, Kevin Rathbun,  and then there are the Chefs who are famous for being all over TV like Emeril and Bobby Flay. So when I arrived at Mesa Grill I had low expectations but when I left my respect for the much hated/loved Bobby Flay grew to a whole new level. I went for lunch and was seated right away. I started off with there famous margarita and it was by far the best margarita that I have had. They bring you a basket of warm bread which has a very delicous corn bread muffin. I ordered the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale with a Corn and Cilantro cream sauce as my appetizer but it could easily be ordered as a entree because it was very feeling. It had a good amount and good size pieces of shrimp that were cooked perfectly. The tamale has a nice simi sweet corn taste to it with a touch of garlic that adds a nice aroma to the dish and the corn and cilantro sauce just made the dish perfect. This is the type of dish that will keep me coming back to Mesa Grill in the future. In Fact I came back the next day just to have this dish again it was that good. For my entree I ordered the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash with Poached Eggs in a Green Chile Hollandaise sauce. This dish made my taste buds go wild. All the flavors just paired so well together and had the perfect amount of kick to it! Overall this was a great and memorable meal and is now one of my favorites. Service was perfect thoughout the meal and everybody seemed very friendly. Compared to most of Las Vegas restaurants, the price is very affordable for those who are on a budget. Can't wait to return!
5	AHHH. SO GLAD I GAVE THIS PLACE ANOTHER SHOT! When we first came here it was for brunch and I was less then pleased. We thought that maybe we should give it another shot so we made a reservation and prepared to go all out. Sooo impressed.This place has a ridiculous selection of beers with a wide range of prices. I had been crushing Corona's all day so I decided to go with another and was quite pleased as it went well with the tex-mex style dishes. For apps we ordered the tuna and salmon tartare and duck pancake. The tartares were good but the duck pancake was straight rediculous. Both were topped with a delicously smoky brown sauce. For dinner I got the Cioppino which is a great variety of seafood. It contained a lobster tail, lobster claw, mussels, scallops, and halibut. It was on point. My friend got the bone in ribeye which was even better. It contained a salsa on top and two sauces on the side. All of which made me want to rip of my shirt and rub on my chest and belly. It was so good that my buddy gnawed on the bone for a few minutes which,  although socially inacceptable, was one of the better decisions hes ever made.
5	I got a pepper crusted filet mignon with ancho-mushroom sauce and a roasted red pepper sauce. Very tasty, and had a good amount of heat to it too. I appreciate upscale restaurants that aren't afraid to serve spicy food.Service was very friendly and helpful. I would go here again.
3	Overrated. Had brunch here on Saturday and was underwhelmed by the whole experience. Wasn't a fan of the decor, thought the service was average, and the food truly lacked. The only part of my meal I really enjoyed was the roasted corn soup. Our group also tried a variety of salads and the breakfast quesadilla. All were just eh. Sounds like dinner is the way to go if you're going to try Mesa Grill. I wouldn't recommend it for brunch.
4	The Gist: THE best pork tenderloin ever.   Rip-off ceviche sampler.Arrived late for our reservation on Friday night without a peep from the  hostessess.   At 10:30 PM the place was still booming with patrons, which is a good sign.    We ordered the ceviche sampler, Mexican Rub Pork Tenderloin with sides of roasted tomato and horseradish mashed potato.   This was plenty for a late dinner for two.   Let's not forge the drinks.   Theres an extensive wine selection and the Black Widow Mojito was very yummy.We love our raw fish but don't consider ourselves snobs about it.   But if we pay $22 for an appetizer, we do expect something pretty good.  Not so here.   Fish quality was so-so.  Maybe it couldn've helped if the dish was chilled a more.  We finished the plate in just a few bites so we felt like we swallowed our money without satisfaction.   Not a good feeling. The pork tenderloin was on the other end of the spectrum.   It was THE best pork loin I have ever eaten.   So soft and juicy and rubbed with Mexican spices and a hint of sweet potato puree, the pork was a mouthful of savory flavor.    The side roasted tomato was infused with light smokey flavor which was a lovely complement to the pork.   I'm usually not a tomato person, but cooked like this, I think I could eat a couple vines.   Mashed potato is difficult to go wrong, but at Mesa, it is especially savory.  I love how its not like the tradition bacon and cheese topping.    A light horseradish flavor gives it just the right amount of kick which is cooled with a smooth chive-cream fraiche.   Yummy!I think anyone who likes grilled meat and is looking for something different from the traditional steak should check out Mesa Grill.   Plus, the waitress told us Bobby Flay comes in about once a month.  Maybe you'll be luckier than us and actually see him!
3	Let me first say that I was getting nicely sloshed when I saw this place in Caesar's and decided I was a little hungry too. I order the black widow mojito and the blue corn pancake (just an appetizer). I ate this thing in about two bites (not including the two my fiancee had as well because there was almost enough to share). The sauces were freaking great and I did not make an error as there are no less than 3 separate sauces on this dish which resembles an unsealed empanada. The bar area (which is where I ate and drank my dinner) was very comfortable and the food was full of flavors both smoky and crisp. The liquor probably helped which is why there are only three stars. I will have to go back sober and get a full sit-down dinner.
3	I don't know - it wasn't amazing? I had the pork tenderloin, the signature dish, but wasn't too impressed. The pork was really chewy... also had a bite of the duck, and it wasn't amazing either. Maybe I just don't get impressed easily when hungover... or ever.
3	I love Bobby Flay! But his food is disappointing. We had lunch there and got the chicken salad and sandwich. It's good, but not great. I expected more from the iron chef. Maybe dinner is better.
4	Oh, how I love Bobby Flay...  the food was so good.  I had the mushroom quesedilla, best quesedilla I've ever had!  The cheese dip appetizer was amazing and so was all the breads in the bread basket!My friends had soup and salad which they also enjoyed.Only complaint...  I was so disappointed in the servies.  Waiter/servers were snotty and kept forgetting my drink.  I ordered the "gimme a lemonade" cocktail and finally got regular lemonade.  After asking 3 people where my drink was I didn't want to correct them again.  But if you have a drink on the menu by that name you would think it doesn't mean normal lemonade.
5	This is quite possibly the best meal I've had.....EVER!First, reservations are a must if you don't want to eat at 11pm.Walking inside Bobby's place, it is bustling with action.  The bar is small but sufficent.  The best part is being able to look inside the kitchen...we searched madly for Bobby as my friend was insistent that she was going to marry him that night.We never saw him.The menu has a wonderful array of options with a southwestern flair.  It was so difficult to make my selection!  I could've chosen anything on there and had been happy!I wound up choosing the Mahi Mahi that had a tangy pineapple salsa....nice tender kick to the salsa too!  Plus I ordered a side dish...this wonderful corn tamale with chizoro and goat cheese.  I took a bite of the tamale...and was speechless.  I usually don't have a problem overeating...I stop when I'm full. However, this was one night that I completely indulged myself.And it was well worth it. :)
5	Bobby Flay comes off as arrogant premadonna...his attitude on TV comes through as someone who's got a chip on his shoulder...Yes, he may be egocentric but I'm giving him this; He has mastered the craft of blending southwestern flavors in ways never seen before!After deciding to take my old man to Vegas for his 55th birthday, I made reservations at Mesa Grill. Knowing that my father appreciates southwestern spices and flavors, I knew it was going to be an adventure for both of us. 8:15 PM reservations on Friday night (10-10-08) and we were seated immediately. Started with some Black Widow Mojitos and some shots of Patron Silver. The mood of the restaurant was definitely busy and loud (not overly loud...I was able to have a nice conversation with my father). I wouldn't recommend it for a &quot;romantic&quot; dinner between two people. I did love the vibrant southwestern colors that covered M.G.We ordered up a Smoked Chicken / Black Bean Quesadilla for an appetizer. Cut in four equal slices, these little triangles of taste bud bursting goodness satisfied as well as brought mass excitement to what was coming in the main course. The flavors that popped from the chicken were amazing, very tasty!My father got the Chipotle Halibut (which he raved about for days after the trip, stating &quot;The best meal I have ever had&quot;). I got the Chipotle Glazed Rib Eye with Green and Red Sauce, which was extremely tender and full of flavors of chills, garlic and grilled aged beef...well worth getting if you are a steak fan (ask for it medium rare!). After reading some of the reviews pre and post my visit to the Mesa Grill in Las Vegas, I have got to speak from the heart...and from the heart of someone who likes to enjoy a good meal...- If you can't hang with the high end cost...DON'T GO! I look at a meal like this as experiencing art and taking in everything as an experience as a whole. Food, at this caliber, shouldn't be consumed as a burger from In-N-Out or a Pizza from Round Table. It should be enjoyed bite by bite. Some people just don't understand how someone could drop a C-Note + for a meal...but then again, some people can't and don't understand the arts. - Small portions aren't necessarily a bad thing, especially if you take it bite by bite and enjoy what you are tasting. Buffets are all good when you are down to get stuffed for a good price. Here, you pay for high quality dishes that will be sure to stuff you if you take your time and enjoy it. - The dishes I tried definitely brought the heat! Amazing flavors that aren't afraid of leaving some sweat on the brow! (The Black Widow Mojito is really a refreshing beverage when eating some of the more spicier dishes). - While I heard about the poor service, the staff were on the ball (consider this was on a Friday night from 8:00 - 9: 30 PM). Very friendly and helpful. 2 Black Widow Mojitos2 Shots Of Patron1 Smoked Chicken Quesadilla Appetizer1 Chipotle Halibut Entree1 Chipotle Glazed Rib EyeTotal W/ Tip : $180.00Yeah, Bobby Flay has gained some respect from me and I'll be returning to his institution for sure!
3	I had the Tiger Shrimp tamale. Best tamale I've ever had. But for $14, it better be the best tamale you've ever had also. It does not taste like the kind you get at Mexican restaurants...it's been Bobby-Flayed.My GF and I both got burgers. They were very flavorful and juicy. It seems like they really make the effort to make your burger juicy. I bet Bobby Flay demanded that all burgers served at his restaurants be cooked a certain way so that they are always juicy =) The fries that came with them are OK. They're not the fried crispy kinds...they're baked, soft, and over seasoned.I'd go back again to try the other dishes.
5	Couldn't have asked for anything more from our experience at Mesa Grill - we went for a long, luxurious lunch and everything was great, from the food to the service to the atmosphere. The service was friendly and helpful and the atmosphere was very cool and funky with a southwestern flair.  The food was just what we hoped for: bold flavors in the southwestern family with little "wow" touches.  Celebrity chef restaurants get some flack since the standards are so high and everyone likes to poke holes in them, but I have to say that we had a fantastic meal. We started with the smoked chicken and black bean quesadilla, which was the best quesadilla we've ever had (sorry reviewer Jen Y!).  The quesadilla itself is quite tasty with a great cheesy, smoky filling, but the toasted garlic creme fraiche was amazing.  Even better were the little slivers of fried garlic.  They were crispy and awesome.  I'd love to have a bowlful of those - you'd have bad breath for about a month, but it would be worth it!For our entrees, I had ancho chile-honey glazed salmon and my wife had the Yucatan chicken tacos.  The salmon was perfectly cooked with a wonderfully sweet-spicy-smoky glaze, and the sauces that came along with it were simply divine. One order of fried garlic chips and jalapeno  crema, please!  The Yucatan chicken tacos were also delicious with a fantastic, with the roasted peanut barbecue sauce being a pleasant diversion from the usual barbecue sauce flavors.  For dessert, I highly suggest the sampling plate so you don't have to make up your mind.  All three on the plate were excellent, but the warm chocolate cake was my favorite.
5	I loved the way this restaurant was decorated! Huge ceilings and modern decor! We had some small plates for lunch:-Bread (Loved the corn bread and raisin bread rocked!)-Mushroom Quesedilla was so fricken good!!  -Apple salad was so good and I want to know what spice is in the dressing!-Plaintains and tuna were goodService was prompt and I want to go back again. Yes its pricey for lunch but your in Vegas enjoy!
5	An open letter to Bobby Flay.Dear Bobby Flay,Marry me. No seriously, marry me. Your Ancho-chile honey glazed salmon haunts my dreams. Your burbon pork tenderloin has tickled me in such a way I've never thought possible. So what if the wait on a Friday night was an hour and a half? You gave us the option of having just as exceptional service at the bar! And just when I expected mediocrity from the dessert menu, I am blown away by your Banana-Hazelnut Crunch Sundae with warm, sexy fig sauce that reminds me of the way you man that grill.. You sexy Bobby Flay you. I left my digits with your bartender. Let's get together and grill a steak or two sometime.xoxoVerotica
5	Simply my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas and definitely on my top 3 list.  Bobby Flay is amazing!  I have been to Mesa Grill a handful of times; twice for brunch and three times for dinner. It's awesome everytime. You need to like favor and a lil spicy because everything is very well spiced.  Here are some recommedations:Brunch - *the BEST THING on the brunch menu is their SPICY CHICKEN AND SWEET POTATO HASH with poached eggs.  It's goooie!*MESA BURGER is tasty but nothing extraordinary*BLOODY MARYS are made just right with a little extra kickDinner - so many excellent choices*RED AND BLACK PEPPER ENCRUSTED FILET MIGNON cooked perfectly*NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN the spiciest thing on the menu, pretty spicy but I couldn't stop eating it. YUM!*GRILLED LAMB PORTERHOUSE CHOP best lamb chops ever and so perfect with cranberry/jalapeno sauce.Dessert:They don't disappoint.  We had the sampler and all of it was good.So if you get a chance to go there try it, it's all worth it.
4	Random surprise... looking for food while randomly walking around the last afternoon in Vegas... hey isn't this owned by Bobby Flay? Doesn't he have a show? Hey it's cool inside. Let's eat here. Get the truffled mushroom quesadilla ya'll!!!! It's the bomb, seriously. Corn bread was so yummy but it fell apart as soon as my clumsy hands touched it. The apple salad was pretty darn tasty....my pal and I were trying to figure out what spices they use in the dressing, cumin and red pepper maybe?!The service was fast and easy, the desserts looked and sounded amazing (espresso chocolate layer cake omg?!) but we were so full we had to skip. If you mosey on by this place while heading to the Caesars' shops to spend some money, def step in and try a thing or FIVE.
2	http://thesoloreviewer.blogspot.com/Ok so anyone who read my last review of Bobby Flays Mesa Grill knows how much I loved and raved about it and that one lunch made my respect for Mr. Flay go up a lot. Now my feelings have changed. With there recent Michelin Star lose, I see no future regain of that star unless things greatly approve. I was seated within 5 minutes of arrival for my lunch in which they seemed to have a pretty packed house. Now when I go to a restaurant I expect to have my bread basket within 5-10 minutes once seated. I was seated for about 10 minutes when I placed my order and 5 minutes later they brought the bread. But enough about that. Of course the oh soooooooooooo good corn bread muffin was in there which is still to this day my favorite corn bread I've had and being southern I get around :)! It was tempting for me to order my favorite dish, Tiger Shrimp Tamale, but I wanted to try something new. I went with the Yucatan Chicken Tacos with grilled Onions and Peanut-Smoked Chile Barbeque sauce. Once they arrived I was kinda put off that you basically have to make the tacos yourself. Now I'm far from lazy but when I go somewhere to eat I don't want to have to put together my own food because well, I'm there to relax and put my trust in the Chefs. But aside from that the flavors were very bold and went together perfect. The Peanut-Smoked Chile Barbeque sauce had a very nice smokey taste with a good kick which is EXACTLY the kinda flavor I like. The chicken was very fatty which I wouldn't expect from a EX Michelin star restaurant but I guess thats where the EX comes into play. Overall the dish was good but I have had MUCH better from my local mexican restaurant down the street which is pretty sad.Overall this lunch was nothing like my first. The service was very decent besides the bread arrival. While I was left excited and couldn't wait to get back the first time, this time around I find myself only going back if someone else was paying.
4	After a year of being a vegas resident i found it necessary to pay some dues to bob flay and hit up mesa grill for my birthday dinner. It was good, but I am left wanting more. The apps were good, smaller portions than I was hoping for. The margaritas were amazing, i dont care what color the cactus pear margarita is I am drinking it (its pink). But my entree is what left me wanting more. I had the bone in rib eye and it really didnt have that much flavor. It tasted like a steak, which is good of course cause it is a steak, but a steak from mesa grill should have had more of a kick to it.
3	On a three-day work trip to Las Vegas, I joined my team at the Mesa Grill for lunch on the first day. It completely embodied how I feel about Vegas in general.The walk to the restaurant through Caesar's Palace forum shops was long, twisty, and needless. Made me wonder if there were a more direct route, or the people I was with just wanted to go shopping. The walk was OK in that it did increase our appetites.Once at Mesa, The hostess sat us down, gave us some menus, and we waited for the rest of our party to show up before being shown our table. Our table sat a dozen comfortably as it was long enough. The waiter had give his speech twice to cover each end of the table. I was looking forward to the meal; I've seen Bobby Flay on Food Network countless times.I started with the Gala Apple Salad (baby spinach, Maytag blue cheese, toasted pecans with a spicy orange vinaigrette). The salad was spicy, but lacked enough spinach to really enjoy it as a salad. the vinaigrette dominated everything to the point where you couldn't really taste the individual ingredients. There was too much of it. I did like the texture. I wasn't wowed.Next up was the Mahi Mahi fish tacos. Again, the food was good. The sauce dominated. And with a serving size so big, why did I have to ask for more tortillas? When has two ever been enough?I ordered off menu for dessert. I did enjoy the egg shaped scoops of toasted pecan ice cream.For a meal I didn't pay for, it was good. The company was great. The service was attentive for the first 3/4 of it.  There's no way I'll be clamoring to go back anytime soon. And all of this is how I feel about Vegas. You look forward to these things you've heard about for years. There's a lot of waiting and wondering. There glitz and super-sized overshadows everything. Without good people, it's not really that enjoyable.Not disappointed. Just should have known better.
4	The boy is a huge Bobby Flay fan, so he picked Mesa Grill as our "fine dining" destination on this most recent trip to Vegas.  I had heard some good things, and some not so good things so I tried to go in with no expectations.We were running really late for our 8:30pm ressies and they have a $100 ($50/each) no show charge. So I called to move the reservation to 10:30pm and they were very helpful. I was really grateful that it wasn't an issue.We were a little early and had to wait a few minutes for a table. No big deal since like I said, we were a bit early, but the hostess was just sort of unfriendly. Like you could tell she really didn't like her job all that much.We were finally seated and placed our orders. We both had the Lamb Chops, which were served with a cranberry sauce along with a pumpkin tamale. The lamb chops were amazing. Perfectly cooked, HUGE and flavorful. The boy also loved the tamale - me notsomuch. I thought it was dry and overwhelmingly flavored with cinnamon. I thought it could have been much more subtle.The service was good, but did lag a couple of times. Drink orders were forgotten and we had to flag our server down to get our check. But she was incredibly friendly and didn't seem to mind that we weren't going to order 3 courses and just wanted to get in and out.I give Mesa +3 for wonderful service and making my life much less stressful when I needed to move my reservations. +1 for a really excellent Lamb Chop and for living up to (at least) my boyfriend's expectations. -1 for being a little overpriced, but it is Vegas, so I should probably expect it.Would I go back to Mesa on another trip? Probably not. There are way too many awesome restaurants to try. Am I glad I tried it once? Hell yeah!
4	Everyone knows Bobby Flay.  In my twenty some-odd adventures to Vegas, I've eaten at pretty much most of the big named places.  So one Sunday morning (which translates to like 2PM Vegas-time), we decided to do brunch at Mesa in Caesar's Palace.I was totally expecting to be underwhelmed, but this was probably one of the most surprisingly good meals I've had in Vegas.  Bobby Flay is known for big bold flavors.  It sounds cliche - but it's more than hype.  The first thing that stood out was the bread offerings before the meal. This isn't your standard loaf of bread and butter - there are some truly delectable and spicy treats in that bread basket.Finally I ordered my meal - a chicken and sweet potato hash with a green chili hollandaise.  Honestly one of the best breakfast meals I've ever eaten, and I love breakfast food.  Such a wonderful meld of sweet, spicy and savory - I've tried with varying degrees of success to replicate it in my kitchen, but I can't recommend this dish enough!I will be back!
4	i ate a cute lil defenseless rabbit. the guilt still weighs down on me and it's been 3 years since i've been there.now normally i dont like bobby flay as a person because, personally, i think he's a *ouchbag for always trying to compete with everyone on that one show he has, but my friends and i went to his restaurant because it was the only place that would take us with such late reservations. the food was good, but pricey. the atmosphere was nice but i'm not much of a decor person bc when i eat, i focus solely on my food.for being las vegas, it was good. i say this because there are a lot of restaurants there with sub par food and over priced menus.
4	Cool looking restaurant. It isn't as loud as I thought it was going to be...they break out the different sections rather nicely to avoid a huge cavernous space. Service was impeccable. Food was very good. This is what we had: Combo of 3 ceviches for $22: lobster was forgettable, scallop was yummy, shrimp was very good too. Portions were tiny. White peach margarita was AWESOME!!!! Prickly pear was passable....no prickly pear flavor...I'm Mexican, so I know...skip it. Lamb porterhouse chops....WONDERFUL. Pork tenderloin....very good. Lamb is better. Brussel sprouts were good. Waiter told us it was enough for 2 (because I asked!) It better be for $8. Umm, there were about 6 brussel sprouts cut in half with a few pomegranate seeds...sorry that isn't worth $8.  And just sprinkling pomegranate seeds on it doesn't make it "cool" or whatever the intent was.  What I don't get are the sweet tamales that are paired with the entrees. I had the pumpkin tamal...lukewarm, dry. My partner had some other kind of sweet tamal and it was moister and tastier than mine....regardless, I think the tamales need to be savory to pair well with the entrees...how about nice veggie tamales with cheese and a bit of spice...isn't spice what you are known for Bobby? I wanted to re-wrap the tamal and take it home to eat with a tall glass of milk - would have been worth the effort if it tasted better. Doesn't work with the dish. I still give it 4 stars because of the white peach margarita and the yummy entrees. We know what to avoid next time and explore other parts of the extensive menu.
1	Okay so where to start.  The worse than any local steakhouse filet mignon or the 130 bucks we dropped per person here for dinner.  We came based on my friends' recommendation.  One of the guys with us likes the place apparently.  I have to disagree.  The service is great, as should be expected since we're grossly overpaying for it but the main course was barely edible for me.  So the main course here comes basically by itself and starters and everything else is separate.  Sadly, the best part of the meal for me was the starter!  I ordered this shrimp tamale that was actually good.  For the main course, I had the filet mignon.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out basically straight off the cow.  It was just way too rare for my taste and it has this sauce on it that I did not like.  I only ate about half of it and left the rest.  I figure if you go to a restaurant with a celebrity chef, I should be coming out of the place wanting to write about it on Yelp! for good reasons.  My disappointment in the meal alone renders this a 2 star place.  The price I had to pay for the meal makes it a 1 star restaurant.  Next time I'm going to go get a bowl of Pho down by Chinatown because it is better than this!
3	the food was okay...but not great for the $ u r paying.the flavor of the  jalapeno blue cornbread was ok but the bread just fell apart.the corn soup was yummy but had this oil on top that we did not care for.the grilled scallop was just too salty.we felt like everything was overly dressed with oil or just too salty.the ice cream and biscoti were yummy.i just felt torn after the meal...
5	I am writing a review before reading any other reviews of this place.  I had an opportunity to dine there and took it.  I had New York strip as well as shared a blue corn duck appetizer and a bottle of wine.  The steak was easily by far the best steak I have had in my life.  I actually closed my eyes while chewing.  I love steak and am a bit of a cook myself but this was just heaven.  I could have eaten two of them.  The appetizer was very nice as well and interesting.  Even the bread that was served has some chili taste in it and was nice.  I also sampled the pork tenderloin and thought it was very good but I am a steak man and usually I would order something like a ribeye which is pretty much guaranteed to have flavor but Bobby Flay being from New York and all I decided to go with the New York strip.  Boy was it a life changing steak!!!!  It was 48$ for the steak and I think the two of us got out of the joint for around 200$ with one appetizer one dessert and a bottle of nice red wine.  I would absolutely be back to eat the same steak again.  It came with a red and green MESA sauce....I will probably order a bottle as I think they sell it separately.  Wow what a steak!  If you thought Bobby Flay was hype then you were very wrong my friend.
4	Went here for lunch in an effort to save a little money.  Started with the pear cactus margaritas - I thought they were really good, even though they were $13 each.  Appetizer - blue corn duck.  WOW.  SO good!I got the pork tenderloin sandwich with southwestern fries, and it was fantastic.My husband got the grouper.  This is where the star got lost.  Not only did they originally bring the wrong thing, but when they finally did bring out the grouper dish, it was suspiciously undercooked in the middle, which unfortunately led to some stomach issues later on for poor hubs :(They didn't take it off our bill, or even offer any sort of discount, and hubs had to wait a good 10 minutes for his dish to arrive while I ate my lunch.  Bad, bad, bad.It's tough....I had a great food experience, but I'm knocking off a star because of the grouper incident.
4	Went there for my bachelorette pre-party dinner and I loved the food!  Price wise, I think Mesa is not cheap but definitely worth every penny I spent.  We ordered a couple appetitzers and a few entrees to share among 6 girls.  The dishes were in very good portion.  We also have a bottle of wine.  We ended up paying $45 each person.  Not bad for Vegas fine dining. The lamp chop is one thing you must try there, it was outstanding!
4	My girlfriends and I went here on a saturday night, it was full but not too overcrowded. We had the following:*Pear cactus margaritas *Tiger shrimp roasted garlic corn tamale w cilantro sauce*Pork tenderloin with chile sauce and sweet potato tamale *Gala apple salad All the cocktails were delicious esp the cactus margarita! The shrimp tamales just melted in my mouth! However the pork was a bit on the dry side and the apple salad was just a bunch of apple cubes w dressing on it.Service was great, prompt seating.
3	this is probably the 2nd most visited restaurant i have been to in las vegas. 1st being oyster bar at palace station. i have introduced most of my friends to this restaurant and they have all loved it. however, having visited this restaurant 5 times, i have noticed that is has gone down in quality, taste, and execution. my first and second visits was unbelievable. we ordered all his signature dishes: sweet potato hash, roasted shrimp tamale, queso fundido, tuna tartare, chilequiles, and those wonderful margaritas. every single one of those dishes were well thought out and quite tasty. i understood why bobby flay is who he is and why his food made him so famous. then my last three visits. the hash was over doused in green chile holladaise, the mesa burger was overcooked (even medium would've been ok, but please don't give me medium well), and the lamb salad had no flavor. i was wondering to myself "what happened?"i think that bobby flay has been to the restaurant less, so food quality control is probably not where it should be. hopefully, the restaurant sees that they're going down (they just lost their michelin star this year) and tries to pick it back up. *** at least their corn muffins are still tasty ***
5	This was a great dining experience.  I had never been to one of Bobby's restaurants and I can honestly tell you that I had very high expectations.  There were met and exceeded!  Our server was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable and the food was absolutely incredible!  The appetizers were perfect, we had the ceviche and the tuna sashimi and it was great.  The drinks were pretty great too!  All in all, this was a great place that I would return to.
5	OMG, where to begin? First of all, this was the best meal I had in all of Vegas, hands down.The restaurant is gorgeous! The decor is lovely and kitchen is wide open for viewing. The waitstaff takes the time to explain that Bobby Flay hand selected each menu item and uses his personal style of Southwestern, balancing savory and sweet, and bold flavors to round out each dish. Very nice. They also have a selection of specialized margaritas to supplement the flavors on the menu.The food itself was exquisite, perfectly prepared, and delicious. The Queso Fundido (goat cheese dip) was creamy and robust. The mahi tacos were unbelievable - the fish was perfectly cooked, the slaw provided a great crunch, and the trio of toppings (black beans, avocado dressing, and a honey mustard) were the best balance of flavor.The staff was unbelievably friendly, warm, and attentive. The atmosphere was exactly what I wanted and the food was perfect. Highly recommend this place.
5	Best bread basket ever.  I'm not a bread person at all, and I tend to ignore the rolls that restaurants usually put out with meals, but I would go back to Mesa just for the bread.  There was an herb and asiago and a corn and chile muffin that were just incredible.  The herb and asiago was subtle but not overly so, with just the right amount of cheesiness, and the corn muffin - oh my goodness.  First of all, beautiful - the color of the chiles comes through in a red swirl that makes an appetizing contrast with the dark gold of the muffin.  Texture is spot on - soft and warm and crumbly but not dry, and when you bite into it you find whole kernels of corn tucked inside that really add a little extra.  And of course, it tastes wonderful.  The chiles really give it the perfect kick - I cannot imagine a better corn muffin.  Needless to say, but my friend and I polished off our bread basket in no time and the thoughtful waiter noticed us picking at crumbs and brought us a second.Uh...so I just spent a significant fraction of my life talking about the BREAD at this place.  It was just so impressive, and I had high expectations for the rest of the meal.  Amazingly, they were not disappointed!  After devouring the second bread basket sans mercy, we ordered a ceviche sampler to start.  The sampler was very pretty, with four square plates each holding spoons topped with tiny tiny tiny little mounds of various ceviches.  Each ceviche had a different flavor to it, and they were all quite good, and we managed to share through some surgical utensil usage.  This was probably the least memorable course, if only because there just wasn't enough tasting to get acquainted, but still superb.For our entrees I ordered the pan-seared halibut and my friend ordered the chile relleno.  I think I had the better entree, but both were fantastic.  The chile was a thing of beauty, huge and crusted in cornmeal, sitting on a little pool of colorful sauces.  I tried a few bites and it was goooood.  My halibut was heavenly.  The fish was perfectly cooked, and the sauce was incredible!  The flavor was really deep and rich, almost like a zesty barbecue, and it worked magically with the mild fish.  Sweet red onions were also a nice touch.This being our last night in Vegas, we weren't about to skip dessert, and we ordered a fresh berry tart with strawberry creme fraiche ice cream and an empanada with peach, mango, and cream cheese filling with a white peach tequila sorbet.  (Seriously, how do you see that described on the menu and not order it?)  Both were exceptional.  The tart was one of the best fruit tarts I've ever had.  It came on a gorgeous puff pastry that was perfect with the fruit and the custard filling.  The strawberry creme fraiche ice cream was light and delicious.  The empanada was like nothing else I've ever eaten, and all those components actually work together like a dream.And yeah, the place is pretty.  I especially appreciate the colorful decor because of how well it reflects the beautiful colors in the food.  Service is also fabulous.  Pricing - it's expensive, but not overly so.  I'd say the value is great.  And it's Vegas!  I would much rather drop $70 on a meal like this than on a few bad blackjack hands.  To wrap up a rather lengthy and worshipful review - I would go back to Mesa faster than you can say corn muffin.
3	eh, Maybe im a hard critic! But the only thing memorable there was the fact that I knew who Bobby Flay was before going the restaurant and their Shrimp Tamale was the best I've ever tasted, hands down.I was recommended to get fresh fish, so i got their grilled salmon even though it didn't look that interesting. My salmon tasted like Cumin; and to me, cumin tastes like bad b.o. My friend's pork sandwich was just whatever...not there is out of the extrodinary besides their shrimp tamale! I'll probably give it another chance the next time im in vegas, just cuz it's BOBBY FLAY! so why not...as long as I don't have to pay, Im good almost anywhere=)
5	OMG, delicious. DELECTABLE! I was in such a bad mood when I came into this restaurant... i thought i would play a hand of black jack before we got seated at our table. Played my hand, lost $100 in a few seconds. I mean $100 might not be much, but damnn i just wanted to win to pay for my meal. DAMN BLACK JACK DEALER! I HATE YOU! OK, $100 gone, time for dinner! Man was this the place to bring my bad mood upside down. The food was so good! I got the i forgot... i think it might have been the beef veal. They cooked it rare, just how i like it! The sauce that was topped onto the veal was just OMG! i don't know how to explain.. you just have to try it for yourself. BOBBY FLAY AND HIS STAFF DID A GREAT JOB! The best part of the meal, is the bread. It was filled with jalapenos and cheese! A real tex mex treat! YUM! I don't care about that $100 dollars anymore... haha lost a few more after dinner. =(
3	My husband and I were just at this restaurant for dinner last Saturday night.  We go to Las Vegas several times a year and always eat at a highly reviewed restaurant.The restaurant is beautiful with enough atmosphere yet enough quiet places.  Our waitress was really knowledgeable and terrific.  The bread basket was yummy and plentiful....although we would have liked to have been asked if we wanted more.  My mojito and husband's peach margarita were refreshing.  My husband had the chicken (($24) and I had the veal chop ($42).  Mine included a tamale, my husbands just the chicken.  With cocktails at $12-13 things get expensive fast...which we knew.My veal chop was really really good as was my husband's chicken.  BUT, when you spend $150 for 2 I really expect to be at the restaurant for 1.5-2 hours....fine dining.  After an hour the busboy came by to clear my plate....I wasn't done and did not intend to be done as this was our evening out.  After the third time I asked him to please stop asking me if I was done.So, the price for quantity of food was 25% higher than needed.  The food was excellent. And we disliked being rushed while paying dining prices.  So we will not come back and revisit past restaurants such as 808 at Ceasars.
3	I was really excited to finally eat at Bobby Flay's restaurant.  I am a HUGE iron chef fan and his food always looks amazing.  However, I was quite a bit disappointed after our experience at Mesa Grill.  First of all, our waiter was hardly around.  Our meal lasted about 2 hours and we didn't even order dessert!  The chicken tacos on the appetizers list was amazing- that was the best part of the meal.  The salad I had next was good but not memorable.  I ordered scallops for my main course and they were too salty for me.  There were 4 jumbo scallops on the plate but I could only eat 3 because of the saltiness. Also, our meal ended costing about $190 for two people which I expected but I also expected the quality of the food and service to be better.
5	This place is great! I started eating here by myself when in town on business and I didn't even know who Bobby Flay was. I sit up at the bar to eat, so I can't speak for the table service, but each time at the bar, Steve takes care of everyone very well and ensures everyone has a good experience. I'm somewhat of a tequila and margarita snob and this place makes one of the best margaritas that I haven't made myself-no mix! The Pork Tenderloin, Cornmeal Chile Rellano and Queso Fundido are "must haves"
4	The restaurant is stunning, and the food is delish - though if I go back I might stick to appetizers. I sampled the goat cheese fundido and the blue corn pancake with duck; these two were easily the best items brought to the table. My lunch entree, a sweet potato and chicken hash topped with poached eggs, was just a little too much for me - too many intermingling flavors and spices (and I love spicy, flavorful food!). My companions' entrees were in a similar vein - it was all just a little overdone. Next time, it'll be apps for sure - as well as seconds on the AMAZING blue corn muffins. Weirdly, Mesa Grill also had some of the best coffee I've had in a long time....or maybe it just tasted good for my post-New Year's hangover?
4	Hats off to you Mr. Throwdown.  Prior to dining here last night, I only thought of you as the:1.  Loser of all the throwdowns2.  AND... you EFFEN PUT ANCHO CHILE POWDER ON EVERY DAMN DISH!After last night though, I have a new found appreciation of your celebrity chef status.  My salmon spiced salmon was perfect.  The lamb was perfect.  The pork tenderloin was perfect.  Fuck, your shit.  It was perfect.  I used to think rubbing spiced all over the food will mask the freshness of the ingredients.   Where the hell can I find ancho chile powder now?But how can it not...we started drinking JW Gold on rocks and Manhattans martinis before even dining.  Service was on the spot.  Pacing was perfect.  And my glass was never empty!  Thank god!There are many dining options to choose from in Vegas.  If you are a cynic like me about Flay's cuisine, I would go a try it out.  Not too pricey..about 100 a head.But c'mon, you were going to drop that for blue balls anyway.
5	OMG, where to begin? First of all, this was the best meal I had in my life.I recommend the Cactus Pear Margarita and you will be easing in to one of the best meal that Las Vegas has to offer.They have the best Goat Cheese "Queso Fundido" appetizer and for the main entree the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin.I didn't SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT :( I can't wait to go back.
4	Flay Bien!Food is not hard to find in Vegas, a place to get drinks is not hard to find, and you can even find several places to sit and talk, but why not just go to Mesa Grille and get all three? The Mesa grill is a friendly upbeat establishment in the dreary heart of Caesar's Palace. It is a welcome sanctuary of fine dining without the explosive price tag or pomp. The food is a down South seafood kind of thing, but it is safe seafood for the faint of stomach (no fried fish heads or anything). We started with several appetizers, but I only really remember one: the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Tamale... wipe the drool off your keyboard. What an incredible appetizer... even the name is appetizing. My entree was the Ancho Crusted Sea Scallop, and oh my I am glad I got that. The meal had such a rich flavor and was wonderfully complimented by the Cornmeal Crusted Anaheim Chile Relleno and, believe it or not, the Roasted Brussel Sprouts with Walnuts and Pomegranates.  Insanity!I also really enjoyed the emphasis Mesa puts on their Tequila selection. They have over 30 brands of Tequila in Blanco and Anejo styles to fit your taste, and since Tequila fits my taste it was quite a nice way to try new styles.  At least go for tequila and an app or two. At most go all out because this place has great food, wonderful service, and a light tasteful atmosphere.
4	The vision and creativity of Bobby Flay has surpassed my expectations when it came down to Mesa Grill. Every dish was brimming over with flavor yet not at all overwhelming. instead, you end up craving for more of that spicy, savory, and comforting taste. -Bread Basket: Jalapeno corn bread, muffins...we ate it all!-Tiger Shrimp & Garlic Blue Corn tamale: amazing! The tamales are so delicious!-Mango spiced crusted Tuna Steak w/ toasted pinenut Cous Cous: I was pining nuts over this meal. The toasted couscous was crispy so that it naturally coated the tuna steak in a breadcrumb like consistency. Mangoes balanced the salty flavors of the spices. Good proportions for tuna steak.I just might admit to being a fan of Flay...almost.
3	i came here for the PRIX FIXE lunchBreadbasket: amazing amazing amazing! i don't remember the specific names but understand that there is jalapeno corn bread, a cheesy bread, and a nutty bread.Roasted pumpkin soup: creamy, smooth, and delicious. the pomegranate and pumpkin seeds were an especially nice touch. good contrast of crunchy seeds + velvety soup.Blue corn pancake with bbq duck: if you've ever had Beijing duck and the sweet duck sauce in white bun, you'll have tasted this dish. my hard-to-impress asian mother was unimpressed and so was i. the sweet star anise sauce was too sweet and too lathered on.grilled sea scallops: smells like THE SEA and i mean this in a bad way. the plate carried with it a horrible fish-y scent and doubt clouded my heart. luckily, the dish tasted pretty good. however, realize that the majority of this dish is comprised of glorified chips + guacamolepulled pork sandwich: DO NOT GET THIS. DO NOT GET THIS. it tastes like it was mass produced and heated up from costco. hazelnut ice cream + biscotti: pretty good but if you mess up ice cream, you pretty much fail at life.
4	Perfect place when you have a group, however if you have more than 10, you are given a limited menu to choose from, and they charge you $50 a head if anyone from your group doesn't show up.  Also, your entire group needs to be there before they seat you.  The hostesses aren't the best, but whatever.  It's rare that I find a hostess station that I would say has great service.  The steaks are enormous, so I like to find someone willing to share.  The Jalapeno Cheese Bread is so good you have to hold back to save room for the actual meal.  This time I had the Wild Mushroom Grits.  It was spicier than I anticipated, but I love spicy foods so it was a pleasant surprise!  And the pork tenderloin was wonderful, and cooked to perfection. Oh and the Red Apple Martini, so yummy!  Our server Michael was fabulous as always!  He is definitely part of the reason we keep going back!  I love a server who can make us laugh and seem to be having just as good a time as we are!
5	I have to say that when someone gets a little "too much" fame like Bobby Flay, I'm extra critical when it comes to anything associated with them.  I know it's not fair, but when there's a lot of hype, there's also a lot of hope that there's an amazing experience to back it all up!I went into Mesa Grill with ridiculously high expectations (hello Iron Chef!) and WOW.. I didn't think they could be exceeded, but the food was a total oralgasm.  The skilled craftsmanship of bold flavors balanced against subtle undertones and lingering aftertastes is absolutely incomparable to anything else I've ever experienced in food.  Damn this man knows how to make an amazing flavor combination!!Needless to say- the food was absolutely amazing.  The service was even quite impeccable on the day that we went.  The food, while crafty and artistic, was highly understandable and accessible since it played off of American classics.Last but not least, the decor was crafted just as carefully as the food, blending natural woods and metals into a textural and visual gestalt of sensory pleasure.  I make it a point to visit this restaurant almost every time I'm in Vegas... I can never get enough and I dream about the next time I get to enjoy it again!
5	I've seen Bobby Flay's pumpkin soup on the Food Network before and drooled over it. I was excited to finally try it. The soup is a bit spicy, but the pomegranate and pumpkin seeds pop in your mouth and take some of the edge off. It was just as good as I imagined. I also had the tuna steak, couscous, and spinach. Unfortunately, the pumpkin soup filled me up and I was angry at myself that I couldn't finish the tuna steak and spinach because it was soooo good. Amazing food overall. It was my last meal in Vegas and I'm glad I saved it for last.
4	Topic of discussion throughout my lunch: wishing for Bobby Flay to come out during our meal to stand on his cutlery board, throwing his hands up in the air to 'raise the roof' - just like what he did to piss off ALL of Japan's top chefs on "Iron Chef"...The table bread selection is something worth noting: Jalapeno bread is a definite winner. This, coming from someone who usually HATES hot & spicy dishes!! You can taste that jalapeno flavor and notice that very tiny kick, but I wouldn't consider it spicy at all. The 2nd runner up for bread: Blue Corn muffin - this was the first to disappear at my table of 6 before we discovered the jalapeno bread.For my appetizer, I ordered the Spicy Tuna & Salmon Tartares served w/ Red & Green Hot Sauces, Crispy Plantains +Blue Corn Flatbread. Who would've thought to serve the fish tartare on plantains?? Being spoiled by the Blue Corn muffin already, I looked forward to the flatbread version - it wasn't a disappointment. ;-) As for the sauces, they were both "mild" (FYI: my threshold is "mild" to begin with...) at best and gives the tuna/salmon that extra kick when eaten w/ plantains. I never thought Spicy Tuna & Salmon Tartare can be THIS good prepped Tex-Mex style.....I gotta hand it to the guy, he sure knows know to make a damn good Lamb Chop Cobb Salad, as this was my main lunch entree. Now, I do realize that everyone is a fan of lamb. Me? I love dark meat (no pun intended!) and some of that "game" taste. The lamb was cooked a little too well for me, I usually prefer my meats prepared medium. Fresh greens were nice and crunchy. And they didn't skimp out on the avocado! Buttermilk dressing was the perfect amount - not too little and not too much where the dressing would overpower the taste of the dish.As for dessert, most of us didn't bother since lunch was filling and we had to wait for the rest of our friends to arrive in Vegas for dinner that night. Next time, I'll have to convince my friends to come back here to check out their dinner menu.
5	I LOVE this place. I think it's become my favourite restaurant. First off, the bread basket is deliiiish. The jalapeno corn bread is awesome. I hear the cactus pear margarita is amazing. (The waiter offered me something to drink, but I'm not yet 21...meep). The best appetizer is easily the queso fundido, although the wild mushroom quesadillas and the pumpkin soup (I'm not sure if it's a seasonal addition or not) are amazing as well. I always get the chile relleno, because it's the only vegetarian main dish. However, it's soooo good that I don't care that I don't have any other option. It's filled with manchego cheese and eggplant, which is awesome because I absolutely love manchego cheese, but I kind of liked the dish better when it was filled with goat cheese and zucchini. Oh yeah, and I've heard great things about the steak.Desserts are good, as well, however not nearly as good as the main courses and appetizers. The last time I was here, I had the apple cider cake. The vanilla creme fraiche ice cream it came with was very good, but sadly, the cake was a little on the dry side. I also love that there's a cookbook with all the recipes for this restaurant. Genius!
1	Over rated.  First on weekends, they serve a limited brunch menu.  On that menu, the offerings were limited.  The garden salad had only 12, yes, just 12 mediocre size leaves to it.  The egg burritos remind me of the breakfast burritos at Mac Donald's.  The prices did not justify the portions or the quality of food.  I'm sorry, but we expected much more and better from a signature chef/name like Bobby Flay.
4	Very nice. Not spectacular and worthy of 5 stars, but very very nice. Bread basket: the cornbread in here was amazing. Margarita: very strong, well made, not some cheap fast margarita. Well done.First course: the duck soft taco. Presentation was superb, meat quality was good not amazing, flavors were bold.Second course: the scallops. Awesome. Small, yes, but the scallops I got were of very high quality and the guacamole was to die for. Again, A+ presentation. Dessert: hazelnut ice cream. Pretty weak. The glass made it hard to eat, the whipped cream was unnecessary, and the ice cream was boring. Overall, I really liked the place - excellent service, great presentation, excellent food. 4 stars and worth a try.
4	"Juicy pork chops and great sides! they placed us in an odd room for bigger parties though; did not like that"
4	I came here after hearing so much about the Ancho Chile flavoring that Bobby Flay uses in many dishes.  We had made a reservation for a party of 3, and were seated promptly once all of us arrived.  It was on a Friday night, during a big convention week, so I was pretty impressed by that.  The decor was very modern and cool.  The food was equally impressive.  The presentation of the food was beautiful as well.  I'm sold on this place!The one really cool touch I thought they had were the use of agua-fresca jugs in various color patterns on the wall.  First I thought they looked really familiar, and then when I realized that they are the jugs where yummy Horchata comes from, I had laughed out loud to myself.  Onto the food...For appetizers, we ordered the following:blue corn pancake barbecued duck + habanero chile-star anise sauce - $15:  I remember this tasting more like really tender pork than duck, and I even had to confirm this with the server.  Strangely, this was not a bad thing.  I was very intrigued by this dish.  We all really enjoyed the slight peking-duck-like flavoring on the sauce.tiger shrimp + roasted garlic corn tamale corn-cilantro sauce- $16: These shrimps tasted like shrimps. :)  With a more intense flavor than I can remember any shrimp that I've had.  The corn was very tasty as well.For my entree, I wanted to try the pork tenderloin that everyone's raved about so much here, and all 3 of us ended up doing the same:new mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin bourbon-ancho chile saucesweet potato tamale + crushed pecan butter - $36: This dish was amazing.  It had a strong spicy kick, but not overwhelming and lighting my tongue on fire.  The meat itself was tender and delicious.  AND, there was more food on the plate than I could finish.  Since it was sooo good, I had to pretty much force down the rest, just so that I can continue to enjoy the flavoring and tenderness.  I am a fan of Bobby Flay.  I'll have to try his other menu items and locations for sure!
2	I've tried Daniel Boulud's Brasserie which was very very good.  So my girlfriend and I wanted to try a celebrity chef restaurant, but we couldn't decide who.  While at Caesar's we run across the MESA Grill and look at the menu, it looks like there are items we would give a shot.  The decor is kind of contemporary with bright colors kind of yuppy-ish/tacky like a trendy bar out of Sex and the City.  I got the tuna and salmon tatares and my girlfriend got the pumpkin soup for appetizers.  I liked my tatare dish enough although it was kind of bland for the price and the spices were the ingredients that picked it up.  My girlfriend was dissapointed by the pumpkin soup because it tasted a lot like pumpkin pie mix.  For the lunch entree, we ordered the Mesa Burger and the Sixteen Spice Chicken salad.  The burger itself wasn't memorable because...I really can't remember what it tasted like, but I loved dipping the fries into the horseradish sauce that came with the burger.  The salad disappointed my companion; the leaves were whole and were as big as your head and the dressing wasn't that great either.
5	Great food with a southwestern taste -- located inside Caesar's Palace.  If your a fan of Bobby Flay's, you can't go wrong.  Service, atmosphere and menu are outstanding...
3	I'm not a huge Bobby Flay fan but the combination of perusing the Forum Shops, hunger pangs, Spago not being opened for lunch yet, and our 11:00am rum buzz made us take a chance on brunch at Mesa Grill.I can only describe the decor of this place as "southwestern kitsch" because of the festive colors, clear plastic wheelbarrows (yup), and wooden accents. It's an interesting setting, but not really my style. The menu was--surprise--southwest, but with hints of new flavors, such as the Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon with Spicy Black Bean Sauce or Spicy Chicken with Sweet Potato Hash. Vlad ordered the latter and I ordered the Sixteen Spice Chicken Salad (no goat cheese, vinaigrette on the side). After taking our orders, the table bread arrived, which IMO really was the highlight. The basket came with jalapeno cornbread, dried fruit scones, and blue corn muffins. . . rather than your average bread that looks and feels like it's been sitting out all day. Vlad and I really enjoyed the blue corn muffins - they were both sweet and savory all in the same bite. While we waiting for our mains, I looked over at the table next to me only to see the most gigantic burger ever. The Mesa Burger does not mess around! It looks like you literally have to dislocate your jaw in order to take one bite. Luckily the lady who ordered it cut it in half and shared with her man. In retrospect, maybe I shouldn't have been closely observing these poor patrons like they were lab rats? Whatevs, it's Vegas. Vlad was pleased with his dish, while mine was a bit bland. After taking out the goat cheese and vinaigrette, there really is nothing to that salad but chicken and spinach. Actually, the chicken was atop a mini blue corn tortilla, but that's about it. I had to pull off the "sixteen spice" fat from each chicken strip, which I believe was intentionally included for "flavor". Once the fat was taken off, they were just season-less chicken strips. I think the waiter felt sorry for my substituted dish and brought out 3 vinaigrettes for me to add variety. It helped a little. The green onion one was the best tasting.  Overall, I'd come here again for the festive table bread but will definitely order something else. Perhaps the Roasted Pumpkin Soup with Smoked Chiles and Pomegranate Crema?
5	Being a born-and-raised Californian, I grew up with Mexican and Southwestern food.  I don't think I'm quite as blown away by Flay's dishes as people in 1990's New York City must have been, just because I've been eating the stuff he bases his ideas on my whole life.That being said, this is probably the best steak I've ever had so far.  Even aside from his awesome spice rub, my filet mignon was so tender that I quite literally could have cut it with my fork (not that I would in a place like this).  The twice-baked potato that I ordered as a side was excellent as well, but the sauteed spinach was a little plain.  Maybe it'd have been a little better with some vinegar or something, but it wasn't bad by any stretch, just a little plain in contrast to everything else.The other people I was with had the NY Steak, the veal, and the lamb.The NY Steak was a little more traditional; seasoned only with salt and pepper, unlike most of the dishes.  Very juicy and tender.  I don't remember too many specifics about the veal and lamb except that they were both excellent as well, and came with tamales as a side.  I'd say the tamales were about on par with what you'd usually get from your Mexican buddy's mom; which is to say, very good.The sommelier was very helpful in selecting a bottle of wine and did not mind in the bit when I sheepishly admitted that one of our stipulations was "sub-$80 please."  He recommended an excellent, bold syrah that paired well with all four dishes.  Our waitress was also helpful in choosing a tequila to enjoy neat as an after-dinner drink.After tax and 30% tip, the bill came to about $350; about what we were expecting and certainly reasonable for a meal and wine of this caliber for four.We only had enough money in our vacation budget for one fancy dinner all dolled up in our best clothes, and this did nicely.
2	Bobby Flay...the hopes I had for Mesa...what hopes indeed.  Despite one of my friends disdain for Bobby Flay's personality as it appears on television, I was able to convince her and two others to join me for lunch at Mesa by promising an incredible meal.  Unfortunately Mesa didn't deliver that incredible meal, so I failed to follow through with my promise.Possibly the most disappointing was the bbq duck crepes.  On paper it sounds marvelous, but it actually tastes like an Ar-B-Q sandwich from Arby's -- honestly indiscernible.  There were more failures however.  While glazing things with miso has recently become popular, Mesa would not be a reason for this, as their miso-glazed salmon was absolutely terrible.  It has an odor reminiscent of ammonia, and a flavor that nearly matched.We continued with our gastronomical hopes of grandeur but were continuously let down.  Some items were so forgettable, that I've actually forgotten all the different dishes we ate.  One dish in particular comes to mind as probably the second most disappointing of the meal; the sweet potato and duck hash.  Appealing in name, but the final product does not deliver.  The texture of the sweet potato was closer to baby food than to that of a hash, and the duck's flavor was smothered by the remnants of sweet potato suffocating my taste buds.Overpriced hype.Bobby Flay, I challenge you to a throwdown.
4	so I've been here a few times and every time I've come, this place never lets me down. I had a pomegranate mojito which was super yummy - not too sweet and still able to taste the mint with a decent kick! To start, I had the pumpkin soup - which was a lot better than I had expected ... there were pomegranate seeds which sounded weird, but added a great contrast of flavors. It's pretty rich, and I didn't even finish it. The portions are pretty generous and his sauces are amazing. Everything has just the amount of fire to it! I ordered the pork with the sweet potato tamale. Everyone really enjoyed their meals and we were stuffed to our max capacity! Cute bartender and really friendly staff. Our waitress was excellent - very attentive and hilarious! Only thing that kept them from getting 5 stars is that their desserts haven't been top on my list.
4	Ive dined at Mesa Grill before and I have to say it is one of my fav restaurants. I am a fan of Bobby Flay and his style of cooking. I took my friend here who I have to say is a very "plain" eater - think cereal & turkey sandwiches. So to come here was a big stretch for her. We both ordered margaritas - one original & one white peach - both were delicious & strong :) She had the chicken taco appetizer (which I tried) and it was nicely presented, well seasoned and I loved the peanut bbq sauce - yum. I ordred the blue corn duck pancake (basically a duck taco) - the duck was fantastic. I ordered an entree (which I sort of split with my friend) which was the ancho chili rubbed pork tenderloin with a sweet potato tamale - excellent. My pork was cooked perfected - the rub and the sauce was delicious. This certainly will not be my last visit to Mesa Grill. I've never been disappointed.
4	When I went here, I got the Mesa Burger:Double Cheddar Cheese Grilled Vidalia Onion + Horseradish Mustard on a House Roll + Southwestern FrieseditPlease don't ask me what any of those words mean. I copied it from their website.Maybe there are some opinionated foodies out there, but all you need to know was that this burger was damn good. The horseradish mustard gave it a nice kick and it was cooked to a very nice medium rare. This is a nice restaurant to go to with a group - the portions are large enough to pass around.
4	was so glad to try this place even with the uneven reviews. our server craig looked like mario batali. the service was wonderful. the food was amazing. the green chile cioppino was exciting and tasty. this was a vegas worthy dining experience for us. we would come here again.
5	My friends and I dined at Mesa Grill Saturday night.  We ordered three appetizers- queso fundido, tuna tartar and the shrimp tamale.  We were blown away with the appetizers, especially the queso fundido and for a lactose intolerant woman, that is saying a lot.  For  4 Latinos (who cook traditional food) to rave about a Mexican restaurant, it has to be good.I always judge a Mexican restaurant by its Chile Relleno.  Bobby got it right!  It was stuffed with just the right ingredients with a great flavor.We spent 2 hours at the restaurant eating and drinking.  Mesa Grill is be a mandatory stop on all of our future trips.
5	YUM YUM YUM!!!i HEART this place!!! it is AWESOME!!! I had my reservations with the crazy, colorful decor... but after i stepped inside i learned to quickly appreciate how nice, modern, and unique it was ....and classy too! Not to mention most of the food was OoO soo goood!! You def have to make reservations to eat here on the weekends! The staff is pretty attentive.  When you walk in, they're waiting along the sidelines, greeting you!  They serve you bread -- a basket with jalapeno cheddar, cornbread muffin, and raisin bread... soo yummy! beware, and don't get full off the bread!We tried the prix fix menu that came with the:*APPETIZER: Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale - This was addictingly good.  The corn cilantro sauce complemented the tamale really well.  The shrimp & tamale together was pretty flavorful.*ENTREE: New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin w/ bourbon ancho chile sauce and sweet potato tamale - I don't know why, but this dish didn't impress me.  Nice presentation.  The pork was really tender, and had the chile sauce flavor to it... but the dish lacked any kick to it.  It also wasn't served very hot. The tamale was good though!*DESERT: Profiteroles Cornflake Crunch Vanilla Ice Cream w/ Warm Mexican chocolate sauce - Unimpressive.  It came with cream puffs, that did not taste very fresh.  As for the warm chocolate sauce, I'm not sure how that can be called warm? It was pretty cold to me.Also tried the Wild Mushroom Quesadilla appetizer with white bean hummus and white truffle oil.  This wasn't very good to me either.  The waiter said it wasn't very oily compared to other quesadillas since it wasn't fried, but it still seemed pretty greasy to me.The 5 STARS comes when you try the GRILLED LAMB PORTERHOUSE CHOPS w/ cranberry roasted jalapeno sauce, pumpkin tamale, and all spice butter.  This was DELICIOUS!! The lamb chops were very tender and cooked to order. The dark cranberry sauce complemented the lamb extremely well.  The flavor of the sauce filled with cranberries provided a great contrast to the warm pumpkin tamale... YUM!!! Overall, this tops as one of my FAV las vegas restaurants!! :D Service was good.  Good portions.  Def must try it!!
5	An absolutely WONDERFUL meal.  Next time I am in Vegas, I am definitely going back.Three of us went to dinner and shared the Yucatan Tacos and the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido.  Both were spectacular.  The spicy peanut barbeque sauce on the tacos was amazing.The entrees were just as good.  I had the pork tenderloin, cooked medium as recommended, and they literally melted in your mouth.  The staff was completely wonderful in every aspect and I would highly recommend it.  Make reservations :)
5	Absolutely effing rockstar. This was the centerpiece of the surprise birthday weekend, there were 6 of us for dinner on a Saturday night. We were seated in the very booth Bourdain and Ruhlman sat in during the Mesa portion of Bourdain's Vegas episode. The appetizers we ordered were devastating. The Yucatan chicken tacos were grilled perfection, with a tangy, piquant BBQ peanut sauce, just the right temperature. The goat cheese queso fundido was a great counterpoint: warm, gooey and full of great flavor. Unreal. I will also say that the bartender KNOWS his cocktails. This place is top shelf, and I will say I've never tasted a better Belvedere Gibson. The rib-eye was simply masterful. Among the two best steaks I've ever had (other was at Grill 23 here in B-town) and the birthday dude agreed, as he got the same thing. Atmosphere is fun, swanky, hip and interesting - loud without being overwhelming, nice tiered layout to the place gives the appearance of a bigger room, and the open kitchen design makes you feel connected to your food experience. I loved this place, and would recommend it to anyone traveling to Vegas for any reason. Bon!
4	I took some of my visiting teenage cousins here yesterday. It was cute to see them in awe of the place. I guess even in Illinois, they've heard of Bobby Flay. ;) They couldn't wait to text their friends back home that they were eating at his restaurant... and what do all three order? The double cheddar cheeseburger. God love them. Since it was a Sunday, they served Brunch. I was a little disappointed because I was hoping to order my favorite duck tamale with habenero sauce, but it wasn't meant to be. Instead, I opted for the ancho-chili citrus glazed Salmon with black bean sauce over sauteed spinach. Let me tell you guys, when that entree was served... I felt like an judge on Iron Chef. I wanted to tell Bobby that the salmon reminded me the mountains that surrounds Vegas valley and the different, beautiful colors, lime green, hot orange, black and white swirls was a like a desert sunset painting. My first taste was like a dream...and soon that lovely painting on my plate was gone!
5	Dined here Monday afternoon for lunch.Had the Steak Tartare and Salmon/Tuna Tartare, also the Spicy Chicken/Sweet Potato Hash.Can I tell you that the food is amazing?!Had a Prickly Pear Margarita, it was pink in color, tequila in the background and a waterfall of flavor!If in Vegas, at Ceasars, you must go here!
4	A-Mazing.This was such an amazing treat. My friends and I went here for an impromptu brunch on a Saturday. We were immediately seated - decor was fun, bright colors, almost lounge like. We had such a hard time deciding what to eat from the brunch menu. The mango carrot (I believe that was the mixture - could have been orange carrot) juice was Delicious! Totally fresh.To start, we shared the Queso Fundido. So indulgent! Yummy! If you like goat cheese, you will love this plate of bubbly-deliciousness. Next, I got the Chilaquilas. They were pretty spot on. The flavors were bold and deep - and all tied together well. We all loved our experience.Go Bobby!
4	bobby flay wasnt there and the bartender didnt flirt with me like he did the girls sitting next to me, probably good things. The food entree was great. the ceasarish type salad was not the greatest. Really good all around though. yeehaw.
3	Don't get me wrong Mesa grill was yummy and all that jazz.The only thing is I totally forgot all I knew about Bobby Flay and that he really likes to add a kick to everything!  Everything... (well almost) was spicy... and I'm not a big fan of spicy so my choices were greatly limited.So I only give this 3 stars just so anyone reading this (I know a lot of people jump to bad reviews because that's what I do) can get a warning about all the spicy on the menu.What I did get that wasn't spicy was pretty good, I was just sad that there wasn't much for non-spicy eaters to pick from.
5	Bobby Flay has got it going on!! I am a fan, but I didn't know how good southwestern food could possibly be. I still can't stop talking about it. If you are in Vegas this is a must!! I went with a few friends on a saturday night. We didn't get seated right away but were able to have some cocktails at the bar. Once seated we ordered The Yucatan Chicken Tacos, Goat Cheese Queso and the Smoked Chicken and black bean quesadilla. Yum!! Everything was incredibly flavorful and delicious. I will be going back my next trip to vegas. Oh and if your not a fan of spicy...HELLO you probably won't like it. Duh!
5	Yes, I love Bobby Flay and most things food network.  I love this place.  The scallops are so good!  The tamales are so good. The steak is so good. I am not very good with spicy things.  Actually, I am a huge wimp.  But, there is plenty on the menu for wimps. And it is just all sooo tasty!
4	This is the first Bobby Flay restaurant I've been to. It was good but I wish it were better. First off, it's a very appealing restaurant. My friends and I got a great circular booth in the corner after waiting only 10 minutes for a table. I ordered the tuna steak which I thought should have been a little more spicy and lacked some taste. The polenta which was on the bottom of the bowl was delicious and mixed well with the sauce and other tastes. My friends' pork tenderloin apparently was awesome so I guess I missed out here. One problem we had with the service was that our waiter specifically said our food would be out in 3 minutes. Well, we thought that was specific enough that it would probably be exact. But we waited over 10 minutes before it actually came out. That was kind of annoying.The food, overall, was good. I was slightly disappointed but this is definitely a place you should probably give a try.
5	Went there with my family for lunch, and the price fix menu was only $29 per person for appetizer entree and dessert. Best meal we had in Vegas by far--some people want to put down Bobby Flay because of his celebrity food network status but do NOT pay attention to those reviews. I recommend the duck appetizer and the scallops.Fantastic!
4	I always pass Mesa Grill en route to Pure or the Caesars poker room, but never had occasion to eat there until recently.I had no idea what was on the menu, I thought it was a standard steakhouse. Negative. Sat at the bar, tried a scotch that the bartender recommended. Had never tried it before, was smoky and delicious. Started out with an appetizer of "Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale" in a corn-cilantro sauce. Out of this world delicious. The tamale was flavorful, the shrimp seemed fresh, and the sauce was awesome.For a main course, I had the Fire Roasted Veal Chop. I haven't been a huge fan of veal until lately, and this was a well prepared dish. Top marks for the meal, the price wasn't so bad, and I'll 100% eat here again.I came in to eat around 10:30PM and the place was still busy, so take that for what it's worth as well.
4	As one can tell based on the high ratings of others reviewers this place is good. Real good. I've only been here twice, but the fact that I went back at all considering the fact that there are so many restaurants in Vegas to still try is something. My first time here I was pleasantly surprised. I like things simple. real simple, so when I saw the menu I freaked. This place is not simple. But I am getting ahead of myself here. Lets talk about walking in. My little brother and are look the same age despite the 4 years age difference, we look 17. SO imagine the look of disdain of the hostess seeing who their 9 pm reservation was for. We were told to wait (stand by the door) for 15 minutes with reservation at 9pm. Then we were led to a complete bs table. We ordered drinks. I was still under 21 order roy rogers ya just get me my drink and be gone. They thought we were cheap, and then we ordered. My brother had the duck pancake, I had the ahi tuna... appetizers. We split a salad... veggies. He had the coffee glazed steak, I had the pork tenderloin something.... main course. I had coffee, he had espresso... warm up. He had something delish for dessert and I had small scoop of ice cream... I was full.  The bill was close to 3, without tip. do not ever underestimate age. I gave a fatty tip... yes our parents paid but still.  I like this place. Even though we were dressed slummy and we looked young the waiter was kind enough to answer all of my questions. (simple food gal)  The food was spectacular and made me think of nothing else for the next three months till we were back. My second time here was still good, but something went awry. I got deathly sick later that night. So sick that I cannot even bear to go back.  But still I have fond memories of this place.
4	My roommate and I love the Food Network and had already decided to go to Mesa Grill before we even got to Vegas. We made a reservation the day before for 7:30 on a Tuesday night. We got there early and had to wait for a few minutes but we were early so no big deal. The decor of the restaurant is very colorful and the wood hanging from the ceiling was a cool touch.Being from Chicago, I felt that the prices on the menu were reasonable. We heard that they have great margaritas but we decided to save cash for going out later and didn't order drinks. We started with the smoked chicken and black bean quesadilla. It was fabulous! It has a sweet guacamole on top with a drizzled smokey/spicy sauce. So good! The blue corn muffins in the bread basket were crumbly but very good as well.Then it came to the main course. I order the duck with a spicy sauce, cilantro oil and a goat cheese and chorizo tamale. The duck was really good. The sauce that it came in was just okay. My tamale was pretty good as well but nothing compared to our appetizer! My roommate ordered the yucatan chicken tacos off the apps menu for her main course. She really enjoyed it. Overall very good!
4	Went back again for lunch.  Had the 3 course meal for $30.  Very good deal.  Had to mark down a star since the duck appetizer was a bit too much soaking in BBQ sauce.  It was great sauce, but that was too much. The main course was great!  Halibut was the special replacement for the scallops for some reason that day.  It was the same portion as the dinner menu, which was a good size, thick, corn encrusted piece of fish.  Excellently cooked, with crunchy outside and juicy, very fresh tasting inside.Desert good, not spectacular.  Some cookie/cream cheese with icecream.
5	Oh Bobby, you Sultan of Chili Oils I wanted so bad to hate your restaurant, but 'twas not to be. Instead I stumbled onto a collection of flavors that were nothing short of awe inspiring.Don't think twice, start with yucatan tacos they are wonderful deconstructed beauties touched off with a wonderful peanut chili (of course) BBQ sauce, these play like a Southwestern Thai fusion. Now you're ready for your main course, again don't think twice, it's the chili (of course) rubbed pork tenderloin, the recommendation will be that you get it medium rare (but you weren't thinking anything different) this life changing hunk of meat is served with a sweet potato tamale topped with a pecan butter.If you're lucky Brian was your server and you are now finding yourself in a full fledged food coma, but hey it's a recession you don't need to be up all nite gambling.
5	This was my second visit to Mesa Grill. First let me start by saying that we are grilling fools. We grill all year round and have enjoyed Bobby's grilling book as well as Food Network shows. The decor is warm and open. The bartender was great and our waitress Tiffany was awesome and attentive. Some of the best service I have ever experienced. This is including the bus boy.We started with the Prawn Tamale appetizer which was cooked to perfection. The masa corn mix was perfectly flavored.I ordered the 15 spice chicken with mango salsa. This was tender and a large portion. My sides were mashed potatoes and the blue cheese corn side which was so so so delicious.I had a view of the kitchen, it was hard for me to tell how the dishes are transfered from the kitchen to the wait staff, it looked confusing to me. Last time we were here something happened and while I was served my pork loin dish after 20 minutes and my hubby was served his steak dish which turned cold. Its almost as if another waiter took my dish for another table at the time and his dish sat awhile. They handled the situation well at the time. This is why I waited for my second visit to review it, I love the food.
2	I had brunch here on a weekend (they only serve the lunch menu M-F). Maybe my experience wasn't so great because my options were limited- but overall- this place was a huge disappointment. I ordered the cactus iced tea- nothing too special about it. We had the goat cheese appetizer that everyone is always raving about and it was nothing more than melted goat cheese with some peppers in it which tasted average. It was so rich we only ate about 25% of it. My husband ordered a breakfast enchilada and I ordered the bacon and hash brown quesadilla (off the appetizer side of the menu). In both items, the tortilla was too hard, undercooked, and heavy tasting. My husband's food tasted no different than normal breakfast food (just eggs and chorizo inside). Mine was disgusting- too much goat cheese grilled on the top, not enough bacon inside (hardly any) and the hash brown with the tortillas didn't taste right at all (bad combination but I thought it might taste ok). My experience has been that all of the newer places in Vegas have tasted great- because they are still establishing themselves. The other places that have been around for a while no longer care to maintain themselves and have been mediocre to disappointing. The only exception to that has been Nobu.I wish we would have gone to Mon Ami Gabi or one of the high end buffets at Bellagio or the Wynn instead- it would have cost the same and no doubt tasted better!
4	The food is great (although a bit $) - and so is the wine list. Usually I get a seafood dish and I have never been dissapointed. I last ate here about 6 months ago or so, and was just as pleased with my experience as the previous times. Make reservations well in advance snce it's hard to get a table - especially for a bigger group.
4	Great ambiance! The food was fantastic. I ordered the Corn Rubbed Halibut and my girlfriend ordered the pork chops. Both were superb and very well presented. We also ordered the Salmon and Spicy Tuna tar tare and I thought it was a very unique combination. The food was great! I also liked how much attention the waitstaff offered to the patrons. This is well worth the price. Our bill came out to be about $98 dollars excluding desserts.
5	The Mesa Grill is an oasis in the dessert that is Las Vegas casino restaurants.  We went there last week and both the food and the service was exceptional.  We ate there for dinner this time and lunch on our last visit to Vegas and both were outstanding.  My wife and I came out very happy with our experience, and while its pricier than some restaurants, its definitely worth it.Bobby Flay may not be the most social person (he completely ignored all the customers when he was there the previous time we visited), he can definitely run a restaurant with exceptional food, flavors and service.
4	Being a fan of apparently the disliked Bobby Flay, I was really looking forward to trying his creations at Mesa Grill. Being a chef who has really influenced my own cooking style, I guess I had very high expectations. I tried the mushroom quesadilla appetizer and ordered the NY strip steak with Mesa Grill steak Sauce. the appetizer was different, not what you would expect in a typical quesadilla, it was with hummus and drizzled with truffle oil, above average for sure. Now I will give the benefit that Bobby Flay isn't back there grilling my steak, but I have to say it was a bit overcooked for my liking. I ordered my steak medium-rare, and it came a borderling medium-well. As there was a packed restaurant, I figured the steak was still tender, lets just try it. Flavors were great, and the sauce was amazing, all things that Chef Flay is known for, but again just wish it had been a little less cooked. Overall, I was not disappointed and will be happy to stop by when in town again.
4	I went here a few years ago with my mom, and while it was nothing to write home about I will say it is at least 3-and-a-half star worthy.  I know for sure both of us had the filet with the coffee rub, and I remember thinking it was good but I wish it wasn't coffee.  Don't get me wrong, it was good quality cow, and it was cooked well, I just personally thought the flavor combo was a little strange (but I'm not a coffee drinker either).  And unfortunately mom won't try anything even resembling seafood and I'm not into mexican/tex-mex/southwestern much, so that doesn't help.  Other than that, I like the overall layout of the restaurant, though it was MUCH smaller than I thought it would be.  It was a good thing we opted for an early dinner that night, because they had a line all the way out the slot machines by the time we left.  I liked how you could see the action of the kitchen, but we weren't close enough for me to get a detailed view.  And it was a pleasant place to dine with good service.  So I'd go back and give it another shot, maybe try some of the grilled seafood or yummy sounding appetizers
5	Bobby Flay is probably my least favorite Iron Chef but he's still an Iron Chef and his restaurants are top-notch. I came here with my family and between all of us we ordered most of the big items on their menu, including their NY Steak, Fillet Mignon, and some seafood dishes. We also ordered a salad and the Tartares for appetizer. Needless to say, everything we ordered that night was delicious and we thoroughly enjoyed the food as well as the service. The pricing is very reasonble, considering the location and the quality of the food. I highly recommend this place if you are not looking for a very formal dining experience but still serving high quality food
3	Very hit and miss with dinner at Mesa. The hits: Obviously a beautifully/artfully designed layout and location. We had two servers working together which made service incredibly fluid and we appreciated that. The shrimp tamale was creative, really tasty, and lots of texture. The shrimp was perfectly cooked (read not chewy) and the tamales were great -- you could really taste the masa. The corn-cilantro sauce was super flavorful as well. The crispy squash blossoms were so damn good. Filled with ricotta and corn with a slightly sweet and spicy pepper sauce, the squash blossoms were perfectly fried yet not oily. For entrees we had the blue corn crusted halibut and the fire roasted veal chop and ordered a side of mashed potatoes with cilantro pesto. Delicious!! The halibut was moist and flaky, with a crust of basil and oregano and a layer of sweet tomatoes. Yum! The veal chop was perfectly seared and had a maple glaze and wild rice and sage butter side. I wanted to gnaw on the chop bone all night! The mashed potatoes were also good and the cilantro added a great flavor. The misses: I found the blue corn bread to be completely crumbly. The butter was rock hard so when I tried to spread a bit of it on the bread everything crumbled. The first cocktail my friend ordered was a pomegranate martini...easy enough with simple ingredients, but instead the bartender used Stirrings brand Pomegranate martini mix. Ugh...totally ruined the taste and gave it an overly sweet and unnatural taste. How could a restaurant held in such high regard use such a cheap ingredient? I expect more when I am paying almost $15 for a martini. And so should you! Otherwise a great experience. Some wackiness around us, but an interesting and flavorful dining experience.
4	One of my fav's to eat in Vegas.....Stopped here during my last trip and really enjoyed my pork tenderloin. It had the perfect amount of seasoning (spicy so watch out!) and and was perfectly cooked. The accompanying corn tamale was just ok though and ended up a bit on the dry side. For an app, we went with the squash blossoms which again were seasoned perfectly; a real treat. Like most places in LV, you're going to pay through the roof for dinner which was no exception here. We ordered one of the "cheaper" bottles of wine ($48), and the waiter gave us a funny look...but oh well!good times and good eats!
5	This is now my favorite restaurant in Vegas!Been here once a few years ago and LOVED the 16 spiced Chicken then.  Back last night and the food was just as awesome.....Mesa Grill gets it RIGHT!For once, a restaurant where the portions are equal to the $35-$50 entree prices, but more importantly, the quality, flavor, and execution far surpasses it.  BRILLIANT:-Bread/Muffin basket.  Says volumes about a restaurant when they put so  much care in their nibbles.  My fav of the 4 different bread types was the blue corn muffin.  Dab of butter and you're done.-Honey Glazed Salmon.  Spiced and cooked to a perfect medium rare as requested.  Served on top of a yummy black bean puree.-Roasted Corn.  A side order of corn niblets baked in a cheesy/creamy/spicy sauce.  Not too heavy, but a great accompaniment.F-ING AWESOME:-Chipotle Glazed Rib Eye Steak.  WOW  WOW  WOW.  Best steak preparation I've had in a long time if ever.  Slightly charred and crispy on the outside and juicy and tender inside.  The glaze was not spicy at all, just light, smokey, and a tad sweet.  Sooo worth the $48 bucks.  As good as the salmon was, I stopped short of finishing it just so that I could have more Rib Eye.Service was never under foot and timed well.  Can't wait to come back!
5	Bobby Flay, you are the Iron Chef of my heart (and this is coming from a dedicated Mario Batali fan who was soo let down by Enoteca San Marco).Had brunch in a group of 4. Thee tuna and salmon tartar, the burgers, the blue cheese salad, the spicy chicken hash - all were to die for. The fries (humble though they may usually be) were fantastic. The bread basket alone was worth coming for - although we were so stuffed on the muffins and the blueberry walnut squares and the jalapeno cheese bites that we couldn't eat dessert, which I am still sad about.
5	whoa, whoa, whoa.. my high expectations for this restaurant were blown away.  I had been wanting to try this place for years, and I am bummed it took me this long.  Nevertheless, it was worth the wait!The 4 of us ordered a bunch of different appetizers and entrees to share, and each one presented a unique flavor profile.  Sorry, I don't remember everything we had, but definitely get the corn as a side! I've eaten at Flay's restaurants in NYC and this one surpasses those (easily!)...best meal in Vegas!
4	Again with another celebrity chef restaurant review. I really wanted to hate this place cause I am not a fan of Bobby Flay. The people in my party wanted to go here and the menu looked good enough for me to ignore that it was a Flay joint. Man, was I schooled. Truth be told, the food was GOOD. Everything we ordered was fantastically presented and well prepared. Notables were the bread basket, the shrimp tamale appetizer, the wild mushroom quesadilla with truffle oil, and my favorite, the roasted corn side dish. The rib eye is a monstrosity of a steak and definitely big enough to share. And the butterscotch flan for dessert? Perfection. Overall, the food was good... the only drawback to Mesa, for me, was the fact it's smack in the middle of the Caesars Palace casino floor and you can totally smell clouds of cigarette while you eat which is a huge turn off for me.
5	Dinner at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill may have been one of the best dining experiences I have ever had anywhere. The atmosphere is smart yet casual and makes you feel invited and comfortable. The service was stellar as well. The food was amazing, full of interesting flavors with a little kick. Everything we had was simply delicious. Mesa Grill does not disappoint no matter what you think of Bobby Flay himself. Note: you should like a little kick in your food, you won't find anything bland or dull here.
5	Tucked inside Caesar's Palace, Mesa Grill provides a hip pocket of sanctuary away from the massive casino and all the beeping and honking from the slot machines. We had reservations already, and I would recommend making them at least that morning to ensure you have a spot. There are also tons of deals in Vegas offering 1/2 price meals at many of the nicer restaurants on the strip. Unfortunately, we didn't get those tickets. Theres a nice bar that offers a huge selection of tequila and margaritas that you can sip or gulp down while you wait.We were seated right away, and the tough process of selecting which delicious entrees to eat was tough. We decided on the Crunchy Squash Blossoms as our appetizer and we each took our pick of delicious margaritas. The Blossoms were light and crispy on the outside and warm and creamy on the inside. There was a sweet citrus sauce that balanced everything out with savory and sweet, creamy and crunchy. We also had a small bread basket that had different types of blue corn muffins, raisin bread and jalapeno cornbread, very tasty.Our entrees continued to impress. The New York Strip steak was a fair size, I had it cooked medium rare. It was juicy with that delicious hint of grilling there, but not overwhelming. There was a house steak sauce that was very good, but I prefer my steaks as they are. I ordered a black bean and rice stuffed chile relleno fried in a corn meal coating. It was pretty good, but probably the weakest of everything that I ate. The roasted corn side was very good, not really creamed corn but it does have a light drizzle of cream and cheese, it had just a little sweet taste from the corn. The real show stopper was the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. It had a Bourbon Ancho Chile Sauce and was accompanied with a sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter. Absolutely heavenly.The service was spot on and our waitress was helpful with suggestions and prompt with service and checking in on us. It was an overall perfect dining experience and I thought it was delicious.
4	Another delicious comped company dinner. Sure, the economy sucks hairy ones..but on the bright side of things, at least I get to eat well when I am hard at work during conferences!Tonight's selection was Mesa - the fiery headed Bobby Flay's restaurant. It was kind of a last minute decision which meant that all the tables were reserved, so we had to settle for the area behind the bar that is best suited for drinks and appetizers at most.This was a tad impractical and we had to deal with the constant flow of people traffic that siphoned between our seating area and the bar, but the food was good enough to send me on a euphoric high that I could care less that I had to eat a 5 star meal using my white napkin covered quadriceps as a makeshift table.To start, we had the goat cheese queso fundido (a.k.a. fancy pants nachos w/ gourmet cheese) and crispy squid (a.k.a. calamari). My main course was the blue corn crusted halibut and a side of roasted corn. I had one of their signature margaritas and it was good - but nothing out of the ordinary.Everything was so rich and seasoned to create what I can only articulate as a marvelous explosion of flavor overload. The exhibition kitchen was a nice touch, too. This is so not the place for you if you like bland or simple food. Mr. Flay puts the TA-DOW! How ya like me now! in your plate.
5	I really liked this restaurant because you did not have to dress fancy for it, but we paid about $130 dollars for the bill. I remembered ordering the steak. I was very fresh and moist and well it was cooked medium rare.  My brother ordered the halibut and it was good as well.  We had an appetizer, but forgot what it was.  But we did have desert it was amazing.  Definitely go back though =)
5	Graduating college is a big deal, and after receiving the gift of my first trip to Las Vegas, I knew there was no higher restaurant destination in the country better than Mesa Grill.Coming in with expectations and dreams of tasting the best food in America from the best chef to ever grace the planet, I can happily say everything exceeded what I had hoped for.With a 6:00pm reservation, we were immediately seated along the back window overlooking Bobby Flay's beautiful space.  Our waitress, who had worked in the restaurant since the day they opened, was passionate and insightful about what to drink and what to eat.Planning ahead that I was likely to enter into a "Food-coma" our party of four tried to pace ourselves while also sampling what we hoped were the best dishes the restaurant had to offer.To begin our meal, we sampled two different margaritas.  One was a original version and one a Cactus Pear version.  Both were delicious and quite strong.Our waitress started us off with a bread basket filled with blue-corn muffins, jalapeno cheddar roles, and even more types indescribable bread that likely will have you begging for more before your drinks even arrive.For appetizers, we selected the Tiger Shrimp Tamale, the Spicy Tuna + Salmon Tartares, and Sophie's Chop Salad.  The Tamale was one of the greatest appetizers I have ever eaten and the actual corn tamale stuffing itself was licked dry.  The Tartares were spicy yet packed with flavor and came with plantain chips that were sweet and crispy.  The Salad was OK flavor-wise but had really nice textures and was a big in size.For our entrees, we each tired something different.  I ordered the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, which was served with an amazingly flavorful sweet potato tamale.  The pork was perfectly cooked, ultra juicy and was demolished off of the plate rather quickly.  The other three entrees chosen consisted of Blue Corn Crusted Halibut, Sixteen Spice Chicken, and a special of Tempura Soft Shell Crab.  Each dish was completely devoured, along with a side dish of a Chile Relleno, which I wish we had ordered two of.  If given a choice of my second favorite entree (the Pork was first), I would definitely choose the Chicken.Dessert is always a must when dining with me, so as a table we decided to split three of them.  The Strawberry Shortcake, the Mango-Blackberry Crostada, and the Cookie Sampler.  Once again, everything suddenly was missing, despite our stomachs at capacity level.The service was phenomenal from beginning to end, and once our waitress found out we were celebrating my graduation, she brought over a small dish of pineapple ice cream with a candle.If you happen to find yourself in Las Vegas, please do yourself a favor and stop by Mesa Grill.  I promise the food will be some of the best you've ever tasted!
5	Bobby Fley, I've don't know if it's because of the crowd I run with, but each and everyone of my foodie friends all tell me the same thing when they describe to me their dinning experience at your restaurant.  They all usually start by saying something to the effect of, "I don't care for Bobby Fley's TV shows" or "I'm not the biggest Fley fan.." and then is always followed up by the same but: : "...The meal was amazing" or "...You have to try it when your in Vegas"  And if you are constantly bombarded by hearing statements like these over and over again, it's hard to avoid coming in with your expectations raised.  For those looking for the cliff notes version:  It didn't disappoint.Here is the long version:First things should note is that the service here was simply exemplary, our server (Brian) was attentive and but was able to keep it from feeling stuffy and overbearing, and considering we were in the middle of dinner service and the place was buzzing with energy, for some reason things didn't feel quite that way with him taking care of us.  Talking to him about the dishes, his personal recommendations and even his check ups on us came regularly but he managed to not disrupt the mood of our dinner conversations.  Busers, were circulating constantly and kept refilling my water (I drink alot of it) without the need for me to keep asking and they kept the bread coming.  Oh man, the yellow/blue cornbread with bits of pepper in it with the creamy honey butter was so damn tasty...  They kept that coming too, but it took my g/f and a knife to keep my advances on the bread bowl at bay since we had a ton more food coming... Starter - Blue corn pancake with Barbecued Duck and a Habanero Chile-Star Anise Sauce:Such a mixture of complex bold flavors, really bold.  The duck was moist, richly seasoned, the sauces hit every single taste bud:  heat, smokiness, the anise provided a very deep level of different flavors, the blue pancake was super thin, light and fluffy and in texture reminded me of a Chinese pancake/roast duck dish I was familiar with, but the similarities ended there, the flavors totally scream to me what Flay is all about.  Superb.New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin in a Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce and a Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan ButterMy g/f ordered this dish, so I got to pick at it a bit, from the bites that I got in I have to say the meat was superb, well seasoned, nice char on the outside and the meat was perfectly cooked.  The sweet potato tamale with pecan butter was rich and sweet and was a nice change of pace with the rest of the dish.Chipotle glazed in bone rib eye with a currant chile reduction sauce and a Pumpkin tamale + thyme butterThe two little rib eye pieces were also perfectly cooked, the sauce had a very subtle sweetness to it with a touch of heat.  The meat had a nice smokiness to it, and there was a nice char to the meat on the outside with a bloody awesome in the middle.  The pumpkin tamale provided a sweetness to the dish, personally I liked the sweet potato tamale more.A side of a Chile rellenoA stuffed chile deep fried, anything tastes better when it's stuffed and deep fried.Tres Leches FlanRich creamy texture, the caramel sauce and the light crisp cookie on top was just....  (I'm running out of words and synonyms to describe something as good)...  Each bite was absolutely intoxicating.  Each bite had a little bit of caramelized sauce, creamy vanilla infused flan and cookie crisp.So to sum up, fantastic food, great drinks and amazing service.  The evening was perfect and more importantly it lived up to and surpassed my expectations, and considering Vegas is home to a number fantastic restaurant, Mesa grill is definitely a worth-while stop.  I'm pretty sure I will be making a stop off in New York sometime soon and check out Fley's other restaurant.  Because hell, Ill say it, I like Bobby Fley!!!
4	For a restaurant that received a Michelin star rating, I love that it's so casual. The bf took me here for lunch and although it's a lot more expensive than you would normally pay for lunch, it was very yummy :)Decor: 4Service: 5Food: 4.5It's located inside Caesars and it's pretty hard to miss since the sign is so big. The decor is cute, a little outdoorsy and casual. Our server was extremely helpful and friendly. He let us know which were more popular and wasn't afraid to tell us which items he didn't like either. Usually, servers just try to sell everything to you so I like that he was honest with us. Overall, the service was great. They always kept our glasses full and we never had to search for them because they just always happened to be there when we needed them hahaWe decided to use their fixed menu and chose items off that list. For appetizers we ordered something Blue Pancake and Salmon & Tuna tartar. Personally, I liked the tar tar better than the pancake but my bf loved the pancake more than the tartar. The tartar itself is great but the chips that come with it are someewhat of a fail lol. For entrees we ordered sea scallops and their salmon entree. Both were DELICIOUS. The salmon was cooked realllllly well and the scallops came with avacado, chips, etc. Basically, both were the highlights of the meal, hands down. Lastly, we shared the Vanilla Profiteroles for dessert. I don't know what profiteroles are but it basically looks like a fancy icecream-filled puff to me. Haha either way, it was pretty good and a nice way to finish the meal. I think our meal cost an upward of $80, pretty pricey for lunch but I still thought it was pretty damn good. The Michelin star is well-deserved.
2	Ate here with a group of 6 people recently.  We had reservations and were seated promptly.  The decor is lively and fun. Unfortunately things went downhill from there...maybe we had a bad cook that day but I sampled most dishes from our party and was severely dissapointed with most dishes, especially for the prices being charged.  I had the duck breast, and it was way undercooked even though I asked for medium-well.  When I questioned the waiter, he was condescending and said "They don't like overcooking duck- that's the way it should be."  Ooookay, I guess being the customer and paying $40 for raw duck is my fault and I'm too stupid to know what I like.  The pork was ok, but again was undercooked.  The sweet potato tamale was good as was the salmon.  The blue corn muffins were extremely dry and crumbled into a million pieces before I could even take a bite.  Honestly I think this place is a tourist ripoff with a strange and poorly executed menu.
4	Hats off to Bobby Flay, I didn't find it overrated...yeah!:Food - 4.5  starsService - 4 starsPerformace/Cost - 4.5 starsI was somewhat reserved from going here initially since I've heard just about hundred times from others (including Bobby himself) how quintessentially southwestern delicious the dishes that they offer at this place were.  But I semi-refused to conclude that it was all that before I saw it with my two eyes.We walked in a little bit after the normal lunch time (totally the way to go if you want to get some decent service at this busy and exposed venue at Caesars) - chilled with some margarita and a basket full of tasty breads (including the jalapeno mini biscuits which are my absolutely favorite).  The margarita was very satisfying - tangy, not to sweet, and just the right zing.  My friends ordered the southwestern burger and the home fries as well as the filet of salmon with the sweet potato cakes.  I ordered the scrambled eggs prepared southwestern style with the fried tortillas, cheese, and the salsa embedded underneath the eggs (oh heavens...).  I'd have to say that all three were equally tasty and cooked just right.  None of the dishes were greasy, salty, or clashing with each other.  It was southwestern at its best.  I was fearing that it'd be just a fancy version on typical mexican dishes...but their interpretations of the classic southwestern dishes were quite impressive...based on the taste of each of the dishes.Too bad we were too full to taste the mexican donuts (i reckon we could have really done it if we wanted to)...but we wanted to empty our stomachs for the wine and dine at bouchon that night so we held our own at that moment.  Overall a very pleasant experience, I'd definitely come back here to eat and also spread the word that it's NOT an overrated restaurant with the face of a celebrity chef nowhere to be seen.
4	The "desert outpost" of Iron Chef Bobby Flay's acclaimed NY restaurant, say no more, I'm sold!This is just an all-around good restaurant. Good food with perfect portions, excellent service, all amid a modern and trendy Southwestern-inspired atmosphere.I ordered the bargain-priced prix-fixe lunch: the popular blue corn pancake with barbecued duck and habanero chile star anise sauce as an appetizer, buffalo burger and fries for the entree, and chef's choice for dessert -- three pastry cream puffs with a light vanilla gelato. I also sampled some of the garlic shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamale as well as the spicy chicken with sweet potato hash.Every dish was really quite good, no disappointments whatsoever. Each dish was very tasty, flavorful and often had a nice little kick to it as the spices were plentiful -- many dishes having a blend of chiles, spices or peppers, but not an overpowering amount, and added extra depth to the taste of the food.
3	I didnt get a chance to eat here because they close between lunch and dinner which was pretty disappointing. The hostes could have cared less also which doesnt make me inclined to try again...... :o(
5	This place is phenomenal. It was my favorite meal in my entire trip to Vegas. Its not cheap, but the food is well worth it. I ordered the pre-fixe menu with green pea and green chile soup, grilled scallops, and vanilla ice cream with protiferoles. My bf had the blue corn pancake and ancho chili-honey glazed salmon. AMAZING. Everything was great. The serrano ham gave it a little kick, but even without it, its still delicious. The scallops were grilled and served on top of tortilla chips and guac. Two scallops for the lunch portion. The blue corn pancake with duck was SO good, with a little asian influence. The salmon was awesome. Probably the best salmon we have ever had. Great balance of savory and sweet. I'm not a huge fan of protiferoles because they taste so stale to me. The dessert is nothing to write home about. But who cares!! Everything else makes up for it.The atmosphere is fun and lively, but still able to maintain intimate atmosphere. The portions were perfect for lunch and we also ordered margaritas. I had a virgin white pear margarita and my bf ordered their organic margarita, which he said was good, but not great. Service was excellent, except for one detail. Maybe I'm spoiled, but in a restaurant like Mesa Grill, I expect the servers to always clean up your crumbs before each meal served. We made reservations for lunch, but from what I noticed, you don't need to. We did come on a weekday though.I'd love to come here again for dinner next time!
4	Won a slot jackpot yesterday and decided to splurge on a good meal. So we hit up MESA in Caesars. Even without a reservation they were able to seat out table of 5. The food was amazing, the Blue Corn pancake with BBQ Duck was the best thing I have eaten in a long while. I can't wait to go back there again
4	Came here with a group of six people and they were really good on keeping our reservations.  Once everyone was there, we were seated right away! They didn't make us wait or anything.I'm not a great fan of Mexican food but my boyfriend is.  So since it was his graduation weekend, of course, I took him to what he likes best!We started off with the blue corn pancake with the duck.  I thought this dish was delicious!  I could go for a little less sauce on the duck but other than that, it was really good!We also got the tuna and salmon tartare.  Also very good!  I liked it a lot because it was a bit spicy.For the entree, my boyfriend and I shared the veal with the wild rice tamale.  I don't like tamales, but I must say this was pretty good.  My boyfriend LOVED the tamale!  The veal was cooked perfectly! Omg, it was sooo good that we finished every last bite!  We also got a side of the double baked potato!  Also a great side!  The best side though was the roasted corn!  It was absolutely delicious!!!  The chicken quesadilla was ok.  This was the only one I was a bit disappointed in.Other than that, everything here was good.  Nothing that truely wowed me, except maybe their roasted corn. I know! Weird, but omg, so good!
5	Well, looks like I don't have to upload any of the pictures I took because they're already up. :)These were last minute reservations, like the same day. But we managed to get in. We only had to wait about 5 minutes to get seated which was good since I had read that they suck at keeping reservations. After we were sat we ordered a couple of classic margaritas and some tiger shrimp and roasted corn tamale NOT tamal! haha We were served some bread which came with sourdough bread and some delicious corn muffins with jalapeno pieces in it. The margaritas were just right, with a nice kick of tequila. Then our appetizer came, the shrimp were meh but the tamale, it was not like any I've had before. This was a whole different experience and it was a good one. It kinda felt appart and had a kick of spice but tangy at the same time, Deliciously weird!For our main course I had the New Mexican Spice Rubed Pork Loin and my boyfriend had the Black Angus New York Strip Steak. We also ordered a side of glazed baby carrots in chile de arbol and brown sugar.  Now, I'm not usually a big meat eater but I decided to order it and order it medium well. Boy what have I been missing out on. The pork was delicious. It almost made my eyes roll into the back of my head. That's how good it was. It also came with a delicious tamale. hmmm..just talking about it makes me wish I was back in Vegas. I tried some of the medium rare steak and that did NOT dissapoint either. I was very suprised since I am not into red meat. The carrots were alright.For dessert we had some of their home made churros with chocolate dipping sauce. That should speak for itself! Over all the place is pretty f'n amazing. They even went beyond expectations when I was there and some dumb broads decided it was cold and asked for a blanket. YES, they provided them with a blanket! The decor was modern, the staff was friendly and the food, like Candice B said is an "Explosion of flavors in your mouth". A MUST GO!
4	Wow. This place is out of control. I ordered the tuna steak. It had some couscous on it and a green sauce.  The tuna was perfectly seared, and all of the flavors worked really well.I also ordered a pear and cactus margarita after watching the bar keep make one, and a vodka press, cuz that's what I drink.  I was surprised at how well the margarita tasted since I don't normally do tequila. I know, how ironic. And the vodka press is pretty hard to make not taste good.  I did have to make reservations, but the wait wasn't very long so I was fine with that.  And I was given the option to sit at the bar or lounge for a full menu if something opened up before my rsvp time.  So I sat at the bar.  The bartender was pretty cool, and the food came out pretty quick which was surprising considering how packed the place was.  In conclusion, I recommend this restaurant to everyone who likes to eat good tasting food, and drink drinks made just right.  The prices are a little high, but then again, it's pretty much the going rate for a quality eatery in this godforsaken town.  Also, I hear Bobby Flay likes to go in on occasion to help out the pastry chef.  Chances are you likely won't see him there, but I hear this place is a gambling town so you never know...
3	Maybe I had too high of expectations since it is Bobby Flay's, but I have to say, I wasn't that impressed.  Not even sure if we will ever go back.  We had the Green Pea and Green Chili Soup, which was really good, but everything else was not remarkable.  We had the Wild Mushroom Quesadilla, but that was no big deal.  My wife's quesadilla is way better.  I had the Spicy Tuna and Salmon Tartares.  Without the sauce that was drizzled on the plate, there wasn't much taste to them.  It came with plantains, which was cool and the sauce wasn't bad.  For entrees, my wife asked if the Ancho Chili-Honey Glazed Salmon was spicy.  The waiter said no and that the soup was spicier.  He had it backwards.  She said it was good, but wouldn't tell people to go here just to get it.  I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin at the suggestion of the waiter.  Again, without the sauce, there wasn't really any taste.  The pork was tender though.  The BBQ sauce it came with reminded me of Everett and Jones in Oakland, but I like their sauce better.  Service was great though.  They were very attentive and did everything we asked.  One flaw is that when we called in, we weren't sure if there were going to be 2 or 4 of us.  We told the reservationist, which probably worked for the casino, and he said, just make it for 4, and call back and adjust it to 2 if things changed.  When we called back to let them know, they told us that we would have to move our reservations to an hour earlier or later since we changed the reservation.  Huh?  I know that it isn't great for the restaurant, but we thought we were doing them a favor.  Never had that problem before.  We should have showed up and played dumb when the other couple didn't show up.  Anyway, wish our experience was better.
5	I wish I would've written this review straight after I finished my meal, but I"ll try my best to accurately describe the joy I felt after each bite. I will have to preface this review by saying that I never had the urge to try any of Bobby Flay's restaurant b/c I thought "how can you turn Southwestern food and flavors into fine dining" especially being that I'm from Texas. Boy was I wrong.We started with the Shrimp with Blue Corn Tamale, Chicken tacos, and the quesadilla. The shrimp was perfectly cooked, the tamale-delicious. My fave appetizer is the Quesadilla. I love goat cheese, I love truffle oil. The combination is electrifying. This is a must try. I had the veal chop, and let me tell you that each bite sent shivers down my spine. I let out a slight moan every time I would put a piece of meat in my mouth. The veal was so tender, and the flavoring. Succulent. Each bite sent me closer and closer to nirvana. My friend had the duck, which I asked her to order. OMFG, Excellent. Divine. Fantabulous. I could go on and on. The duck was perfect. It was tender but had just the right amount of gamey-ness to it. When I go back again, I don't know if I'll have the veal or duck. Both were excellent. Bobby Flay has always been known for his robust flavors and I have to say that I"m hitting myself in the head for not trying his restaurants before. Every dish I tried was just amazing. Each bite is like fireworks in your mouth.
5	We are currently obsessed with Bobby Flays (and Rick Bayless') cooking.  Everything he makes on food network always looks amazing.  The few recipes of his I've made have come out great,  the same cannot be said of other food tv chefs... I'm looking at you Giada!    We've been to Mesa Grill twice, the first time we were simply floored by the flavors.  The lamb tenderloin salad was great, the shrimp tamale was amazing and the shrimp perfectly cooked.  The duck pancake had a smoky flavor and that combination of sweet and savory.On our most trip, we again enjoyed the tamale.  We also had the tomato soup which was really good and lots of flavor from the fresh tomaotes and cilantro.   I had the chicken quesadilla, which was a boring but still delicious choice.  My wife ordered the buffalo burger, it was relatively lean, but still juicy and had a great natural flavor.   I can't wait to try bar American in NYC.
4	I haven't eaten here in a while but I would highly recommend it. The past couple of years I've been approx 10 times and now it's gotten a little old hat and a few more menu items would be nice to see.I've had everything from the rabbit to the coffee rubbed spice filet, I don't think either one are on the current menu. I really like the squash blossoms although I wish more came on the plate :)I can only remember 1 time where the service was mediocre and not the usual no pressure, very polite server that is typical there.I can also say after taking several friends, my parents and my wife that they've all raved about Mesa afterwards if that's any help. I wouldn't hesitate to highly recommend Mesa Grill to any and everyone I know.
5	I am a huge Bobby Flay fan.  I have 3 of his cookbooks, including the Mesa Grill Cookbook.  I had pretty high expectations for my dinner here... and was NOT disappointed.Aesthetically, this restaurant is beautiful.  The hand blown glass lighting in bright colors interspersed throughout the restaurant was beautiful, and tastefully placed.  Coupled with wood and copper, I really loved the atmosphere here.At Bobby Flay's restaurant I would expect service to be top notch... and it was.  Never a less then half full water, and prompt clearing of plates or refilling of bread.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the food, and wine pairings, which is a must with this caliber of restaurant.My girls and I started off with a round of White Peach Margaritas.  All I can say is... wow... best... margarita... ever... seriously.  For an appetizer we ordered the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido.  Delicious!  I'm a pretty big queso fan, along with goat cheese, so the marrying of the two was amazing for me.  I also really enjoyed the basket of bread, brought to every table once drinks were served.  There were 3 types of bread: a jalapeno-cheddar sourdough, and 2 others.  (You can tell which one I absolutely LOVED.)For dinner I just had to order the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops:  Tangerine-Roasted Jalapeno-Mint Sauce w/ a Plantain Tamale with Molasses Butter.  The lamb was cooked at a perfect medium... tender, flavorful, and absolutely delicious.  One of the best lamb dishes I have ever had.  The tamale was nothing to write home about, but I had plenty of lamb to fill me up, that It wasn't a huge deal.  I also had bites of my friends' steak and pork tenderloin dishes... both equally amazing (well, maybe not AS good, because they weren't lamb).We got a couple side dishes to share as well: 1.) Chorizo-Goat Cheese Tamale w/ Thyme Butter, and 2.) Roasted Corn, Smoked Chiles, Cotija Cheese w/ Lime.  Again, the tamale was just okay... all the tamales kind of tasted alike for me.  But the corn... on my god, the corn.  We fought over the last few morsels of food left in that dish.  This is one of those dishes that you bring up days later: "Remember that corn dish from Mesa Grill?  Oh, that was sooo good!".  I checked my Mesa Grill cookbook the day I got home, and found the recipe in it!  And yes, I recently made it... pretty damn close to the real thing!So for me, a restaurant that lives up to its expectations is pretty rare.  But this place did it.  When you have a name like Bobby Flay behind you, everything needs to be spot on.  Of course some things were better then others, but the over experience was definitely deserving of 5-stars.
5	Bobby Flay ROCKS.  I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, with bourbon ancho chile sauce and sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter, which was AWESOME.  This entree also comes with another side, which rotates.  When I first had it, the dinner came with roasted kernel corn with Cojita cheese and a squeeze of lime.  It all was so, soo good. All the food is fantastic.  Great atmosphere.  It's a little expensive, and "proper dress" is required.  (Ex -  they made me remove my baseball cap, or I wouldn't be seated.)Letter grade:  A
5	Uber-Decadent food! This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, which says a lot, as there's no shortage of great places to try, but none of this quality.I really like the duck which is prepared southwest-style as no one else does. There's even a chorizo-cheese tamale to accompany this wonderful entree. However, the last time I deviated and went with the New Mexico Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with a Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce and a Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan Butter. OMG---decadent doesn't even describe what Bobby has done. The restaurant has a nice, quiet setting and is pretty well buried in Caesar's. Give yourself some extra time to reach this location from the front door of Caesar's. Service is wonderful and though they are extremely busy, you never feel pushed. The wine list is excellent and the passion for excellence shows in every minute detail.
5	My wife loved the Tamales and Cactus Margarita. We enjoyed the Blue Corn Pancake and Duck as an appetizer. I dined on the Lamb with Cilantro dressing/sauce. For dessert we enjoyed the Profiteroles with Spicy Chocolate Sauce. The service was bar-none the best we've had (we do eat out a lot).My rating system:Things To Die For = 5 starsThings To Die From = 1 star
4	Went to Mesa for a father's day dinner. Party of five and we weren't too too dressed up.  We came in from shopping from the Ceasar's forum and we just had on jeans and casual tops.  They had no problem taking us in without a reservation and seated us within 10 min of arriving.  It had a nice ambiance and not at all pretentious. Between the five of us we ordered: dad- 22oz bone-in chipotle glazed ribeye  mom- new mexican spiced rubbed pork tenderloin with tamale bro- wild mushroom qusadilla with white truffle oil (appetizer) hubby- mango + spice crusted tuna steak with taosted pine nuts cous                cous me- blue corn pancake: barbecued duck + habanero chile + anise           (appetizer)The food arrived after 15-20 min. and meanwhile our server gave us a basket full of bread that had blue and yellow corn muffins, jalapeno bread and raisin and walnut bread.  The bread was ok and my dad and I thought the corn muffin seemed to tase a little bit like seafood flavor. The food arrived and I we all took a taste of each other's food.  For me the clear winner is the ribeye, it was very tender, juicy, very flavorful and my dad ate it all but the bone.  My mom's pork tenderloin was very flavorful and tha tamale was delish.  My hubby's tuna was cooked to perfection, it tasted fresh with no hint of fishines to it. The cous cous that came with it had a good sauce with it and went well with the tuna. My bro's qusadilla was a good size and the mushrooms in it was very tasty.  My own duck pancake was also very good.  I couldn't tell the meat in it was duck, it also could have been chicken but the sauce that it came in was delicious. All in all the food was great, ambiance was lovely, and service was aaah maybe a 3.  Our waiter was good but his assistant ruined it for me.  He spilled coffee on me when he poured my second cup and got it on my arm.  When he offered to give me coffee to go, he took 10 min.. maybe longer, to tell me that they didn't have any cups. The meal was good so I guess the last instances shouldn't really be blamed on the whole establishment so I still give this restaurant high markings.Will we come back again?  Maybe not.  There just too many great restaurants to try in Las Vegas and I have my eyes set on Bradley Ogden next.
5	We went here on a Friday night, and hands down was the best service I have ever had, Anywhere. Maybe it is because I am used to dining in far-less quality, digs, however the service was exceptional. Three of us ladies out for the night. After some advice from our neighboring diners, we started with the Queso Fundido (or something like that) and I could not stop eating it. It was so delicious and it was the perfect thing to start with. I ordered the Corn-Meal Chile Relleno and my friends had the Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla and the Ancho-Chile Salmon (delicious, but a few bones :( As good as the main entrees were, and they were GREAT, the side dishes were the main attraction. The Roasted Corn with Chile and Cotija cheese was literally the reason why I will come back. The Chorizo Tamale was to die for as well. Since we were on a girls night, we also ordered the Pinot Noir which from the advice of our server, was a perfect accompaniment to our meal. Overall, this restaurant lives up to its name, and I will not only return every time I am back in Vegas, but I have recommended it to so many.  Keep up the exceptional work.
5	I love this place.  I'm not normally a meat eater but this place has great rib eye steaks.  It's cooked to perfection and the dry rub this place used is just phenomenal.  Everything here from their side dishes, soup, appetizers, and entrees are great.  I haven't tried anything that I disliked yet.  MUST STOP IN and TRY OUT THEIR FOOD!Service is great as well.
5	Celeb-chef Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill lives up to the hype! Parking: Located in Caesar's Palace, if you have trouble finding parking you need to be slapped! Atmosphere: Dressy and very contemporary. An open floor means you will be seen, or for a show, check out the open-kitchen, a sight to see if you enjoy watching the intricacies of a gourmet kitchen! Service: Prompt, courteous, knowledgeable, and very attentive. Food: First course: Goat cheese "Queso Fundido", this gourmet spin on the classic nacho cheese dip was an excellent starter to the Southwest-themed main course. Excellent flavor and spice and just the right amount of tang from the goat cheese. For the main course I selected the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, these medallions were cooked medium rare and had a melt in your mouth taste that are too numerous for words. The sauce added just the right amount of heat, for a side I selected the roasted corn that had all the right combination of sweet, spicy, and a creamy texture that was good to the last bite and worth the visit alone!
4	Whether it's just for a couple appetizers, a lite lunch or for a full dinner, Mesa Grill is always a great choice.The menu has a vast array of Southwestern flavored dishes and there should be something on the menu for everyone. We have eaten there on several times and have yet to be disappointed. The service is very attentive and professional and simply add to the enjoyment of your meal.The restaurant is located right in the heart of Caesars Palace, so its a great place to enjoy a meal and then go catch a show or enjoy some gaming. Definitely worth checking out.
4	expensive, you betcha! But a solid place nonetheless.  Beer selection is random (don't expect bud or coor's here!) and not worth the 8 bucks per. But overall you cant go away upset with the grub.
5	Wow. I went there just this weekend and was so glad that I accidently found this place! I went with 3 other friends. We ordered both appitizer quesadillas, queso funditio, and tortilla soup for apps. They were all delicious. The queso was my least favorite. We had filet & new york steak, and the 16 spice chicken for dinner. All were excellent. I thought service was prompt and friendly. The other couple in my party felt a little bit differently. But all the same we had a great time. I would for sure come again. Yes a little pricy, but it's Vegas, you don't come here on a budget!
5	This place never disappoints.  We started with fried squash blossoms that included red and yellow pepper sauces.  I had a cioppino with green chile sauce.  Wow, that was an amazing dish.  I usually shy away from cioppino because I'm not that big on tomato broth.  Green chile sauce makes it more than worthwhile.  My wife had a grilled chicken that had mango salsa and 12 spices (that's one more than you get at KFC).  Dessert was another great creation.  We split an order of the churros that came with a chocolate sauce that was flavored with star anise.  The waiter recommended it.  It often pays to listen to what dishes they recommend.Another standout dish I had on a past visit was the pork tenderloin.  Absolutely amazing chile sauces with that one, also.  The strawberry shortcake that time was good, but not nearly as good as the churros.Also, I have to give kudos to the service.  The staff was more than friendly throughout the evening.This restaurant is a must, whether in Vegas or New York (though Vegas is much easier to get into than NYC).
4	Yes, this place is pretty darn pricey but my wife came up with a great plan that saved us a bunch of money.  The main courses range in price from $40-55 or so and for two people to eat (with an appetizer and a few drinks) and the bill can get in the $175 or more range.  Instead of ordering two meals, we ordered 5 appetizers which were reasonably priced and more than enough food for the two of us.  It was a fantastic meal and we got to try a number of dishes without breaking the bank.  Sure, we probably missed out on an incredibly steak but we left happy.Only reason for not giving 5 stars was the ambience.  The restaurant has all windows around the exterior and is right next to the sports book.  It was very distracting with 4 giant screens of horse racing behind my wife while we were talking.
5	I know it may be hard to combine 5 star and southwest cuisine, but Mesa Grill has it all. Upscale decor, good staff, great ambiance, and a taste to die for (if you like gourmet flavorful southwestern foods). Had the wild mushroom appetizer - great. If you like grits the blue corn grits is to die for. We had the halibut - great; the wild and farm raised salmon - just as great; 16 spiceed chicken - great; and a fall back of steak with green and red pepper sauce - great; and the pork tenderloin - also great. The red and green southwest peppers sauces were fantastic. Las Vegas can buy anything and they spent their money wisely to bring Bobby Flay to Caesers.
4	I have been wanting to try Mesa grill for a while now and finally had the chance to do so over fourth of July weekend.We didn't have a reservation and had to wait about an hour for a table but they took us in right away for bar seating, where you are served full menu.We shared chopped salad, wild mushroom quesadilla, 22 oz bone-in rib-eye and a side of cilantro mashed potato.  Everything was sooo good.  Chopped salad was ok but I could have done without.  Mushroom quesadilla was really good, very earthy and had great sauce to go with it.  The highlight of the night was the ribeye.  Cooked perfectly medium rare, juicy and I just could not get enough of the red and green chile sauce that came with it.   Mesa's food is very flavorful and has lot of depths to each dish.Cocktails were also really good.  And on top that, sitting at the bar, the bartender gave us taste of other left over cocktails from other patrons....yay!Lastly, we ordered blackberry-mango crostada, which was heavenly.  My husband, who normally lets me eat most of the dessert was so impressed by it that I had to fight to get my share of the dessert.Overall, Mesa Grill met my long awaited expectation and delivered even more.  Will definitely come back.
5	This place is good so quit your whining about how expensive it is for Tex Mex.  Its not Tex Mex or Southwest its its on thing.  It is a solid restaurant in Caesars where you don't have to get dressed up and they still treat you like you are the most important person in the restaurant.  I love how the service is top shelf.  We have been here 4 times and everytime the waiters deserved their tips.  Food is fantastic too!This past trip we ate here for lunch.  They now have a $29 price fixed menu but we ordered off or the regular menu.  We started with the bbq duck blue corn pancake.  So awesome!  I could have ate this as my meal.  Next I had the chile relleno and my husband had poached eggs over pork and sweet potato hash.  Both were amazing.  No skimping on spice.  Everything was sooo good that I would have licked the plates.  We also had deserts.  The strawberry and gooseberry shortcake was recommended to us and we were glad to have tried it.  I though it was going to be lame but I was wrong.  It had the perfect amount of saltiness and tartness.  We also had the chocolate cornbread pudding.  Definitely not a favorite.  Really bizarre with a strange after taste.  Not bad but just not my thing.  We will definitely return on our next trip.
5	I was expecting to get some top-notch food at this place, but I certainly was not prepared for the over-the-top-notch service! We didn't have reservations, though we'd been talking about going there for two days straight. No one remembered to make the reservations! So we showed up, fingers crossed, hoping we could be seated. Without reservations, the hostess informed us we'd have to wait about 2 hours and 45 minutes. She invited us to sit in the lounge, if we didn't mind eating there. I asked her if we could get a table if one of the reservations didn't show up, but she assured me that people don't tend to no-show because the restaurant charges your card $50 per person if you do that. Four of the five of us were pretty set about eating here, so we decided to take the lounge offer. The "lounge" as it turns out was just a set of u-shaped couches with some low cocktail tables in the center. We spent some time looking at the menu, holding out for the off-chance that someone might not show, but when 730 and 745 came and went and people showed up, we decided to order. Our server and all the other staff members with who we came in contact were awesome. Not once did we feel like second-rate diners because of our lack of reservations or our seating arrangements. We ordered full meals and some appetizers and drinks, and they made magic happen - everything fit on those tiny cocktail tables, the drinks kept flowing, and they regularly came by to clear anything that could be cleared so we could be comfortable.So what about the food? Insane. Truly one of my all-time favorite dining experiences!Two of us ordered just an appetizer as a main course: goat cheese "queso fundido" with the blue corn tortilla chips, and Yucatan Chicken Tacos. Both of them were great. My husband and a friend of ours both ordered the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and Sweet Potato Tamale with Crushed Pecan Butter. I ordered the Sixteen Spice Crusted Chicken with the Mango Garlic Salsa. My chicken came with Cilantro Pesto Mashed Potatoes - VERY well received by everyone.I absolutely looooved my chicken dish. It was served skin-on and bone-in, with the spices crusted right onto the skin. I'm not sure what the 16 spices were, but there was a little bit of heat, a little bit of sweet, and holy mother... a whole lot of flavor and moisture. The pork tenderloin had a phenomenal bourbon-ancho chile sauce with just the right amount of heat. And they were cooked perfectly, medium well, with a nice pink center. I would have been thrilled with either dish. Insane. For dessert... I had the Coconut Layer Cake (huge, and perfect). Other desserts ordered included the Espresso Flan, Blackberry Mango Crostada, and for the life of me, I can't remember what my husband ordered. I think he just got some coffee. I tried all the desserts, but absolutely loved the Coconut Cake best. Drinks - I had a diet soda, some folks beer and margaritas. Can't really say how those were, though it seemed that everyone enjoyed their drinks. As for price - I can barely remember, but I think the bill for just my husband and me was about $110 plus tip.Next time I go (and oh yes, there WILL be a next time), I plan to try a burger (I love burgers and hear this place makes one hell of a burger!), and I'll be sure to order the Churros with chocolate sauce for dessert.
5	Oh Bobby Flay. He's an interesting one. We have a love/hate relationship with him on Food Network. We were skeptical after eating at Guy Fieri's place and not enjoying it. Actually, I think we walked into the restaurant not expecting much.But we were wowed. The service was great even though the tables in this place are super close to each other and I got the waiter's butt in my face more than once when he was helping the table next to us. Sometimes we get bad service because they expect us not to tip well (because we're young?) and that really pisses me off. So I tipped really well since he was so attentive!The food was really the highlight of the night though. Kyle got the cioppino and I got the grilled black grouper. Fantastic! We started the evening off with the goat cheese fondue and ended it with the blue corn pudding. Yummy! It was one of the best meals I've had in a long time.... it was one of those meals where you catch yourself unknowingly smiling.If you are in Vegas, go! It's worth the price.I only wish I lived closer to Vegas so I could try more items on the menu.
5	Ok, so we just returned from vacation and I think this is the first time I've written a Yelp review on vacation.  My boyfriend is a HUGE fan of Bobby Flay, and tries to emulate his own cooking after Flay's style.  I don't cook and I am a very picky eater, but what an amazing and fun experience Mesa Grill was!  I don't eat meat but I love seafood so I was happy to see spicy tuna & salmon tartares on the appetizer menu.  Every ingredient enhanced the fish, and the combination of various spices and herbs was a symphony of flavor!  Loved the appetizer!  Being the salad person that I am, I ordered the grilled asparagus salad...grilled asparagus, pecans, wild roasted mushrooms and mixed greens, and I asked for no blue cheese crumbles though that is also part of the dish.  It was gorgeous, both in plating appearance and taste.  Rob excitedly ordered the coffee-rubbed filet mignon and I think we took multiple pictures of his dish before he cut into it.  I didn't taste it, but he swears up and down that it was the "best meal I've ever eaten".  The service was spot on and the wine sommelier even came to our table to help us pick out a spectacular cuvee that went with our meal.  We're already planning our next trip to Vegas...or maybe NYC or the Bahamas where the other Mesa Grill venues are located.  :)
5	We decided to try Mesa Grill for lunch. It was a Sunday so we had the brunch menu. It was a little disappointing since I would have preferred the lunch menu. The brunch menu is mostly several variations on scrambled eggs. It did not have any of the tamales that Bobby Flay is know for. We had to wait a little bit for a table since we had a large group and they had to push some tables together for us. The place has a nice feel with an open kitchen, although the set up made it a little hard to see the kitchen. The guy at the grill seemed to like that we were paying attention to him and kept looking up and smiling at us. In fact, everyone at the restaurant was friendly. The service was really good. At one point, one of the bussers dropped a fork and all three employees in the area went over to pick it up.I went with their version of steak and eggs. Actually half our group had that and the other half had the Mesa Burger. One person had scrambled egg enchiladas. The steak and eggs and burgers were a decent sized portion and we felt pretty full after, however I think my friend that got the enchiladas was a little disappointed as it cost as much as the burger, but you only got two small enchiladas.  You do get a basket of delicious bread with your meal.I'd like to try Mesa Grill again, but next time for lunch or dinner. A few notes: the dress code is relaxed in the day. There were several people in tshirt and shorts, myself included. However, they won't let you wear a hat. The table next to us had a very young child with them who was a picky eater and they were happy to make something special for him.
4	After hours of poker at Caesar's Palace it was time for some lunch with a friend. Walking around the hotel on Sunday early doesn't give you many choices and we blindly stumbled into Mesa Grill (didn't even check Yelp reviews). We were seated fast and taken care of from the second we sat down. Sadly the brunch menu didn't have the dish I was craving (their version of a Cuban) but I found up trying this southwestern steak sandwich item that was top notch. I special ordered a side of grits and they were to die for. I ended up ordering another side of them because I couldn't deal without more of that. Properly made grits west of the Mississippi is pretty amazing in itself. The price was a tad steep for what I received which led to the 4 star instead of 5 but it is Vegas and we were at Caesar's so it is to be expected. I just think it notched the place a little back to reality for me.
5	Ate here for brunch at around 130pm and lemme tell u, the food, service, and atmosphere was awesome!  First off we got seated and when we got our water my auntie had a water bottle and the waiter even asked us if she wanted him to pour her water for her. Now that's what I call service.  They even changed our knives and forks after eating our appetizer while even setting our knives and plates in the right positions.  As for the food the complimentary bread basket with jalapeno cheddar biscuits, scones, blue corn muffins, and blueberry coffee cake was all way delish.  For the entree omg it was so good, it was a bacon potato quesadilla and it was so delish and I don't even really like bacon but it was goooood.  For our entrees we all LOVED what we got I got the spicy eggs with ham biscuits and grits and the eggs were the most fluffy soft eggs I've ever had in my life.  Eating the grits for the first time so good.  My aunite got the green chile cilequilles (sp) and it was really good.  My uncle got the pork sandwich with pepper fries and he like it, my other uncle got this make ur own steak sandwich with eggs and the works with home fries and he also liked it.  Overall we all really LOVED this place and agreed that it was the best meal we had!
2	I've been here for breakfast/brunch.  Being from French Canada, the whole concept of Grits is new to me.  I'm not sure i'm all about it...  I had the egg tostadas and tasted the egg enchiladas...  Everything was just alright...  Maybe I'm just not into the taste of smokey chipotle for breakfastMy favorite part of the brunch there is the variety of breads in the bread basket.
4	This gets 3 1/2 stars from me, really.  We were here for dinner with a group of 6.  The server was very friendly and attentive, so I have no complaints about that.  We ordered a few appetizers to start:1. Goat Cheese Queso fundido: Delicious!! 2. Wild Mushroom Quesadilla: easily  my favorite appetizer of the night.3. Spicy Tuna & Salmon Tartares: This was somewhat bland.  I really expected more flavor from a Bobby Flay recipe.4. Corn soup: my friend ordered this and it was FABULOUS.  It tasted like fresh, sweet corn, with a little kick.  Loved it.Here's where things got a little shaky.  Entrees:1. Coffee rubbed filet mignon:  This was so boring.  I can't believe I'm saying this because I LOVE steak.  But it was not at all what I expected.  I should have gone with something more inventive and left the steak for a good steakhouse.2. Mango & Spice Crusted Tuna: My sister had this and it was extremely bland.  Again, I was surprised because I expected everything here to have good flavor.  3. Black Angus New York Strip Steak: 2 in our party ordered this.  It was a GREAT STEAK.To sum it up, I may have ordered the wrong entree, but I will come back and stick to appetizers and drinks.
4	Went to Mesa Grill for a Sunday brunch after a long weekend of partying... Loved:-architecture and decor-tequila selection (Chinako mmm)-margaritas-our service-the bread basket-our appetizers (Smoked Salmon and Dill Quesadilla *favorite*, Goat Cheese Queso Fundido)-my fiance's entree (Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon)Disliked:-my entree (Aged-Striploin Tortilla)We will be back to have dinner here next time we are in Vegas.  The only thing that was less than stellar was my entree.  I think I chose the most basic item on the menu and was not impressed.  However, the drinks and appetizers alone would have been more than enough food and I was still very pleased with our meal!
4	Darn you Bobby, you know the way to my heart.  Nice atmosphere, but the food is outstanding.  Nice that it's right on the strip.Quesadilla was amazingYellowtail was epicThe poke nachos are simply life changing
4	Went here with a group of 8 and everyone throughly enjoyed the meal, although the service was not up to our standards for a restaurant of this caliber. Caught a little bit of attitude from the hostess, and the waiter needed to be hounded in order to remember our side dishes, plus he was not extremely good at his job. But, we aren't about to let that affect our Bobby Flay culinary experience. Everything here was delicious, with standouts being the goat cheese queso, coffee rubbed steak and the pork chop. It's definitely worth a trip, but probably not a repeat.
5	This is no ordinary or common restaurant.  From the time you walk in until you leave, you will be well pleased with the wonderful service, great attitudes and smiling faces, and the most wonderful food they serve.  My experience was EXCELLENT - the finest service and food I've had anywhere!  My friend and I had the same thing - BABY ROMAINE SALAD and NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBEDPORK TENDERLOIN.  The salad was most delightful with just the right blend of ingredients (and so tasty).  The New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin was out of this world - it melted in our mouths as we savoured each and every bite.  This is a restaurant you won't want to pass up.  It's one of the finest I have ever been to!
4	First time experience at the Mesa Grill in Caesar's Palace. Decided to try lunch on a Wednesday and thought that it might be a good idea to go in on Tuesday and make a reservation. But once we found out that we would be charged $50 per person if our group of four cancelled after 9:00 a.m. on Wednesday monring we decided to just take our chances and show up as walk ins. ( I mean really, it's Vegas! I won't even be awake until noon so how could I call and cancel before 9:00 a.m.?) Don't know if that would work on a weekend, but we did fine walking in at 1:30 on a Wednesday.First, the service: wonderful! Attentive without being obtrusive. Friendly without being overly chummy. Obviously a restaurant that puts some time and energy into training the wait staff, which I appreciate. Next, the food: also wonderful! I had the fixed price lunch menu for $29. You get a choice of one of two appetizers, one of two entrees and the chef's special dessert. Price-wise it's like getting dessert for free. For the appetizer I had the Blue Corn Grilled Duck Pancake which was like a soft taco with shredded duck in the most delicious barbecue sauce I have ever tasted. Buffalo burger for the entree - quite good though a little dry. That's the buffalo meat tho' which is very lean. The dessert was warm chocolate cake which was excellent - not overly sweet, just the taste of good chocolate. And they had great coffee!My husband had the pork tenderloin sandwich, which he expected to be hot but was served cold. Very tasty though. Two young adults with us had the coffee-rub steak sandwich which was very good - tender meat that was easy to eat sandwhich style and french fries with a slightly spicy seasoning.The menu has so many interesting sounding dishes that we will certainly be back to try more. I thought the prices were fair for Las Vegas, particularly on the lunch menu - things are a little pricier at dinner. Except for the idea of charging people $50 each for missing a reservation, I thought this was a great restaurant.
5	I've been dying to try the Mesa Grill for the longest time.  That Bobby Flay is practically on half of the cooking shows on the Food Network, and his food always looks so darn tasty!  So, how can I go to Las Vegas without trying the Mesa Grill?  When I finally tried one of his creations, it was Amazing! And For the first time, I kind of wished I had two stomachs, just so I could eat some more of his food!  I ordered the special, the Rabbit and pea risotto.  Sounds odd but  it was absolutely GREAT!  The bread they give us was not good, but hey, it's complimentary so I am not mad =]We went in as a party of 8, and our server was very polite, attentive & helpful.  Comfortable atmosphere & amazing food, I am coming back for more.  Go Bobby!
5	Oh Bobby Flay....are you ready for a throw down. HUGE Flay fan so of course I had to eat at Mesa Grill.One word...Delicious!Of course I had their menu memorized so I already knew what I was ordering before I sat down. Just thinking of the spice rubbed pork tenderloin as I type this makes my mouth water. Wild Mushroom Quesadilla is a must. Chorizo-Goat Cheese Tamale sounded fantastic but was the least favorite item of the meal. Great service, great food and a Mesa Grill cookbook for my bday = a fantastic dinner.
5	You will not be disappointed at this restaurant! We had a reservation and were seated right away when we arrived. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and helped us decide between some very tempting drinks and apps. House-made margaritas were fantastic. My favorite part of the meal was the chicken taco appetizer. It was served with red onions and this unreal peanut bbq sauce. I was tempted to cancel my entree and get another one of those! 16 spice chicken was loaded with flavor. I wasn't a huge fan of the cilantro mashed potatoes, but I think that was b/c I am a little averse to cilantro. As long as you like food with some spice, this is a great choice for dinner.
4	I had always heard that Bobby Flay was one of the few celebrity chefs whose restaurants didn't suck.i guess I set my expectations a little too high, as I got the breakfast enchilada and while it was very good, it wasn't amazing.Several of my friends' dishes though, like the lamb cobb salad (!!!) looked and tasted amazing. I also liked the non-traditional basket of assorted savory and sweet breads for the table.I should have ordered the burger....
5	My brother really wanted to go here so a bunch of us went. We didn't make reservations in advance, so we walked up to see if we could get a table. The wait was about 45 minutes. That was pretty good considering it was a Saturday night at Caesar's Palace. They have comfy couches in the waiting area BTW.Finally it was our turn. We sat down in this pretty, modernly decorated restaurant. Our waitress was really nice and attentive to our needs. I was in a fish mood so I ordered the Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon. It honestly wasn't that good, but my cousins and brother got some awesome plates! The New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin: Awesome! And Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops: Delicious! Definitely try those. For dessert we shared the Pineapple Buttermilk Upside Cake. Really good.  (See my pictures!)I wouldn't mind coming here again :) Pricey but delicious.
3	If at any point during a meal I start calculating the costs because I don't feel it's justified, it's probably not worth it. I had my reservations about dining at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill inside Ceasar's Palace. The idea of a "fine dining" experience featuring "Southwestern cuisine" seemed like an oxymoron. I could not fathom how this particular genre of food would be successfully executed at an elevated level, because quality Tex-Mex ingredients are not expensive, rare, or difficult to prepare. I've been to local mom and pop restaurants in New Mexico and Texas that served fantastic and memorable chili relleno's, taco's, salsas with roasted chili's, creamy black beans, spiky queso fresco (sp?), and fresh blue corn tortilla's made by hand. Putting an ancho chili spice rub on a pork loin just doesn't seem to justify the price tag. A friend of mine dined at Mesa Grill, and so enjoyed his experience he requested a visit on our upcoming Vegas trip. I trusted his palate considering he is a product of culinary school, but I should've considered his admiration for chef Flay might sway his better judgement. Mesa Grill is right around the corner from Pure nightclub, (which I suggest attending, you'll have a great time). The decor is quite loud, but I must say A+ for the grill design on the ceiling. Clever. The staff. Our waitress seemed flighty. She might have been new, so I'll excuse her erratic behavior. First, she forgot our bottled water, then proceeded to argue with us that we did not request bottled. I don't mind if you forget our water preference, but to argue with us is ridiculous. Then she forgets to inform us of the specials. We overheard the specials from the waiter serving the table next to us. When she came back with our water, we informed her that we wanted hear the specials. Again, she argues with us and tells us she already told us. "So all four of us are lying?" I asked. She then told us to "hold on" as she double checked the specials. Interesting, considering she claims she had already informed us. Nonetheless, one of our friends ordered the special seared scallop dish with a chili orange glaze. The drinks. My friend ordered a mango mojito that was nice and refreshing. I ordered a kir royale. They used Chambord instead of cassis, which I didn't love, because I tasted the liquor as opposed to the sweet, tangy cassis. The food. We opted to start with the spiced duck taco's, queso fresco dip with blue corn tortilla chips, and deep fried squash blossoms stuffed with ricotta cheese, and basil. The duck taco's were savory, but reminded me of a Peking duck dish served at one of my favorite Chinese restaurants. Unoriginal. Tortillas stuffed with duck, a plum flavored sauce, cilantro, green onions, and shredded cabbage. The queso dip wasn't horrible. It was a cheese dip with chips. Not really interesting. The squash blossoms were crunchy, but the ricotta and basil were a little too assertive for my taste. I lost the flavor of the blossoms in the goop of the ricotta.  The basil was a little too sharp. Aside from our one friend, we all ordered the coffee spiced filet, with a corn tamale, and horseradish potato gratin. The filet was cooked perfectly, and the coffee spiced rub wasn't bad. Although, I like to taste my meat. I am a violent carnivore, and I love ripping into a juicy, bloody, fatty, piece of meat. I know, its an illness. In hindsight I probably shouldn't have ordered the spiced rubbed meat, but I needed to decide for myself if spiced meat was a delicious option. Unfortunately, not so. The spices in the rub didn't compliment the meat, as much as it overpowered it. The spices failed to dissipate, so I cleared my palate after every bite. The horeradish potatoes were good, and the corn tamale was nice and moist, but like every other corn tamale I've had at any generic Mexican restaurant. For dessert we ordered an exotic sorbetto Napoleon: Guava, passionfruit, and mango sorbetto, with a carmel crisp. Yummy. I walked away from my experience feeling ripped off. I wasn't impressed. As a professional digester I never look at prices. It's insulting to the food. Sadly, I wanted my money back. I felt cheated. I want to walk away from a meal feeling satiated, not calculating the costs. Side note: My uncle wanted to celebrate his birthday at Mesa Grill, and to our surprise, and luck, Chef Flay was in the kitchen. He came out to greet the patrons, and was very nice. He patiently chatted with my 89 year-old grandma, as she professed her love for him, and was kind enough to take a picture with her. He asked if the food was to our liking, then sent over a signed cookbook. I may not agree with his culinary vision, but I respect him for what he has achieved, and his compassion for his patrons.
4	The place was packed and for good reason.  I take back all the snide remarks I've made to my wife about "Bobby Burrito Flay".  The man in the kitchen or Bobby Flay or both are excellent chefs and the meal I had here is a testiment to a honed skill at presenting a wide span of flavors in the food.  My meal consisted of meatless items on the menu and loved them all.  My wife had pork and I stole some from here and it was cooked perfectly.  We did have to wait 10 minutes past our reservation time but this wasn't a problem.  This place is popular and people take their time enjoying the food, so don't wig out...take your time and wait for your table because it'll be a great meal experience.
5	Mesa Grill is one of my favorite Las Vegas restaurants*.  Why the *? Well, some dishes are definitely better than others and each dish should be put in perspective. I've heard Mesa Grill is the place for spice. While none of my dishes have been overly spicy, they have been quite tasty.This past visit I tried the Creamy Wild Mushroom Grits w/ Poached Egg. Was the dish outstanding? I wouldn't say it was the best appetizer I've ever had. Were they good grits? They were GREAT grits - in fact the only I've ever liked. So perhaps they weren't traditional grits - if you really love grits you may be disappointed. But now I can technically say I like grits.  Would I get them again? Absolutely. Note the portion is just bit small for sharing than I would like, however.This trip, the waitress recommended the Lamb Porterhouse Chops. They were satisfying, but I wasn't blown away so I'd pass next time. I also tried the Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin which are fantastic and a nice sized portion.I've had the coffee rubbed filet mignon in the past and that has left me speechless. Fantastic taste and portion. I will definitely be getting that again (that's how I rate my dishes - I won't repeat the same dish unless it blows me away).I've heard good things about the Blue Corn Crusted Alaskan Halibut, which is what I look forward to dropping my fork into next time. If it doesn't satisfy? I'll go back for the filet. If it blows my mind? Read about it here.
4	I was referred to Mesa Grill by the Concierge and surprisingly enough, had never heard of Bobby Flay before this, even though I watch the Food Network (how is that possible??).  Meat was highly recommended by our waiter so I ordered the N.Y. Strip Steak with Mesa Grill House sauce for $48.  Definitely one of the most tender steaks I've eaten in my short life.  The steak was marinated and aged and once I took the first mouth-watering bite, I was glad I ordered the it.  Although it was ala carte, the steak was a good portion, around 20 oz. or so.  I would recommend this piece of meat to any steak lovers out there, but at $50 a pop, I would probably try other things first before repeating.Sides were $8 a piece.  The spinach was okay, I could've passed on that but I needed some greens.  The garlic mashed potatoes however, were excellent.  I've had better before, but they definitely complimented my steak.Tried the Tiger Prawns as my appy and although it was good, it was nothing to write home about.  Other favorites at the table were the Coffee Filet Mignon and the Tuna Steak.  To sum up, the food and service were excellent.  Just figure to pay a little extra for the "Bobby Flay" name.
4	Good Southwestern food, I enjoyed a relaxing lunch here, nice cocktail selections, great service, yummy scallops that's well spiced and cooked, interesting takes on burrito and enchilada, the bread basket with the blue corn muffin was excellent; it seemed lots of people were fans of the burger entree, based on other patrons' facial expressions, most likely it's juicy, tender, with enough amount of fat that melted the whole bite in the mouth.
4	Yumm, the tiger shrimp tamale, veal chop, mashed potato with pesto? SUPER DUPER YUM!
5	Just had apps here, but wow...really, really good.  Amazing flavor.  Good service, not too long a wait.  Definitely going back.
4	Maybe one day I'll get to eat a whole meal... but this time I just had appetizers.  I'm going to give it 4 stars until I have a full meal.They were pretty darn good.  Very tasty and flavorful... not unworthy of the Bobby Flay name. :)Very nicely decorated place and the bathrooms are nice too. :)
5	I highly recommend eating here!  Everything we had was great, and the cactus pear margarita was probably the best margarita I've ever had in my entire life.A group of 4 of us went for lunch, and split a few different items.  My favorite was the Wild Mushroom Quesadilla, followed by the Smoked Shrimp Tacos.  The cornmeal crusted chille relleno was excellent as well.  My least favorite was the Barbecued Lamb Cobb Salad, but it was still good.   The lamb was cooked perfectly.But seriously - the margaritas are unlike anything I've ever tasted.  We got a second round to go!
5	I had dinner here after a late lunch.  I had to eat quick and go to the airport to catch my flight.  The 2 of us ordered the Prix Fixe and the Coffee-rubbed Fillet Mignon.The Prix Fixe came with the Tapas and Shrimp which we shared, it was very good but we ate only the shrimp.  We were still full from lunch.  The shrimp was fantastic.The Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin was so soft, so moist, so... OMG I've never eaten pork that is as nice that this.  Again, we didn't eat the tamale that came with this entree.  I'm very very impressed by this entree.The coffee-rubbed filet mignon again was very juicy, very tender, and cooked just right.  The taste was very good although I must say the Pork beat the filet mignon because I think there are many others who can produce a filet mignon of the same quality but I doubt there are many out there that can produce a Pork tenderloin of the same quality.I ran off to the airport without desert.  (:I'll be back for sure.
4	Bobby Flay can round out a pretty good meal.  I came here twice and both times, the service was excellent.  They knew their menu inside-out and weren't afraid to say if something was just "eh."I tried the Tiger Shrimp Tamale which wasn't incredible but I give B-Flay props for his creativity.  And then I had the Coffee Filet Mignon which was excellent.  I feared the coffee flavor would be overbearing and it would taste like a failed Dunkin' Donuts experiment but it was seasoned just enough to know that it was coffee, not a bit more.The second time around -- not on my company's dime this time -- I ordered the Mango Tuna Steak.  Now, I feel that this dish is the epitome of B-Flay's amalgamations.  The dish was part mango (which seems to be his vice), cous cous (some far-out non-traditional ingredient), and chile sauce (the token traditional ingredient) on a somewhat off-kilter meat like tuna (because cow is never good enough for Flay).The decor was pretty cool.  Somehow, they managed to pull the "I'm on a plateau but it's fun" look.  Plus, Mesa Grill logo is pure marketing genius.  My co-workers were pretty sick of my running commentary on the restaurant logo.  "Dude, Bobby must have his MBA because that logo is so cool.  Does Bobby have his MBA?  Guys?  Guys?"I should comment that the prices aren't for the faint of heart.  If I weren't on full-throttle spend mode, being in Vegas, I probably would've balked at the menu.  I hadn't gotten into the Food Channel before I visited Mesa Grill so I didn't really care for chef Robby Fleghue or whomever.I would probably appreciate the place much more now that I'm a full-on Food Channel junkie.  All-in-all, it was pretty cool and the food was very good.
5	this place is amazing!!! so goood!!! i had the pork loin and the bf had the cioppino! all 10 of us ordered different items and no one was disappointed!!service is great... the place is beautiful!!! i loved the flame chandaliers!
2	We came here for a quick lunch. I had the sixteen spice chicken salad, and it was a tiny portion. My bf had the pork sandwhich which was better, and we also tried a pumpkin soup. The salmon and tuna tartares were good. I don't think I walked away being a fan of tex mex food.
5	My mother & I went here for dinner on my birthday and were not disappointed. We were hooked from the first bite of the appetizers and the first sip of the margarita. Our waiter was friendly, informative and made great suggestions. When the bread basket comes to the table, go for the yellow & blue corn muffin. I am going to make these at home as soon as I find some blue corn meal.We started with the Crispy Squash Blossoms and the Corn Soup. The yellow pepper sauce for the squash blossoms was spicy but taking a bite of everything together was a perfect harmony. The corn soup, which was a special, was heaven in a bowl. Blended to a smooth velvety consistency and was sweet with a smokey tomato salsa and a drizzle of chili oil.The dinner portions were larger than I thought they'd be. The only problem this caused was that we still needed room for dessert. Our entrees, New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, Southwestern Spiced Duck Breast and a side of Roasted Corn, looked like works art. The flavor combinations were amazing. There were three nice cuts of dark crusted tenderloin standing on the plate in a puddle of bourbon-ancho sauce and a drizzle of cilantro oil. What can I say about the duck except who new that carrot and habanero would work together. You can't go wrong with either of these dishes. My only complaint would be that I wish the tamales were warmer, but still enjoyed them. Put it this way, I'll be trying to make these at home too. We really didn't have room for the Roasted Corn but the slight smokey, buttery, cheesy, tanginess was worth it. Last but not least, the dessert. The Blackberry-Mango Crostada and Cafe con Leche Flan were both highly recommended by our waiter. I love blackberry and mango so this was a no-brainer and the vanilla-blackberry ice cream was the star of this dessert. I also love coffee and this was not your normal custard style flan. This was like eating a coffee mousse with a thin caramel sauce around it and vanilla whipped cream on top.I will be back.
4	I loved this place! And I am saying this without considering my love for Bobby Flay.I really liked the decor of the whole place. Little flames on the ceiling and BBQ pit looking things all around you made me feel comfortable yet classy.  I always like to check out the bathroom of any place, because I feel like the bathroom has it's own little niche in decoration process of a restaurant. Flay did not dissappoint. I mean the paper towles themselves must have cost a fortune!I ordered the salmon (delish!) with the corn (also delish). The salmon came out perfectly! I loved how I could take each layer as a bite and really enjoy the flavor. The boyfriend has halibut with mashed potatoes. I don't know what Flay did to those mashed potatoes, but I never had better ones. They were so creamy and delicious that I would probably just go there for those again.We also had wine, and although I do not remember the exact name, I can tell you that it went very well with both of our fish.
2	Underwhelmed by our experience at the Mesa Grill today. Not sure why they only offer a brunch menu for Saturday lunch. So there were like 14 dishes with eggs and about 3 for "real" lunch. So we ordered the 16 dollar pork tenderloin sandwich. Not bad, but be warned that the meat is chilled on a crispy panini type roll. I guess I wish we could have really experienced a better selection to feel the full range of Flay, but it wasn't meant to be today. Might return, but likely not.
5	First time back to Vegas in a couple of years. Before seeing "O" on Friday night (which was awesome), we decided to do Mesa Grill (mostly because we love Bobby Flay). We were so pleased with our meal!The roasted corn side dish was our favorite part of the entire meal! Maybe my favorite side dish ever. Not sure why I love it so much, but I wolfed it down! The pork tenderloin main dish was also tremendous. We also tried the house Cabernet and were fairly please. Overall, a tremendous meal with good service at reasonable prices. Will definitely go back.
4	You go Bobby Flay! I think the one memorable thing I had was the tamales... MmmMmM...
4	I have been a fan of Bobby Flay since catching him on "Iron Chef" and "Throwdown" but never really thought I would eat in his restaurant. My boyfriend really wanted to go because he said that a friend told him that the burgers were amazing. I'm not a fan of burgers but I did find items on the menu that I would enjoy. We walked in for Saturday Brunch and had an amazing server. She was very sweet and informative. We decided to order the salmon and tuna tartares for an appetizer. It was incredible. The flavors worked perfect together and had just a little bit of spice. For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the buffalo burger with South-Westfrench fries and I ordered the bacon and hash brown quesadilla that came with an egg and salsa on top. He enjoyed his burger and I lovedmy entree. I don't have any complaints. Anything that combines bacon,hash browns, and eggs is wonderful to me. I would also recommend ordering a Cactus Pear Margarita. I've neverhad anything like it before. I also wanted to try the Peach Margarita, butdidn't want to spend the extra money. The restaurant is a bit on the pricey side but that's to be expected of a restaurant owned by one of the Food Network's most popular chefs. I would def go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	There are very few places I will give five stars. I had the blue corn crusted halibut and the squash blossoms and both were absolutely amazing. I sat at the bar and the staff was very attentive and responsive even though she was by herself and it was busy.  I can't wait to get back to Vegas so I can eat here again.  Well worth the coin you will drop (by myself it was over $100).
5	From the moment we walked in there was a flow of colour that gave me a feeling of diving under the sea.  The place was almost empty, but we had the last lunch reservation.  Good to remember!  Our server was perfect, he knew his job!  The first sip of my sassy margarita, I knew I was in for a fun dining experience.  We had the apps. we were told to have, YUM!  The Chile relleno was a melt in your mouth experience....The crusted corn flowed off of the cheese like a slow rolling volcano.  And dessert was just chocolate and wrong!!!!!I truly received what I paid for and more, money was not the point the experience was divine.  The whole day will never be forgotten!!!!
5	The only bad thing about this restaurant was that BOBBY FLAY was not there!  We went to Mesa Grill a little after lunch.  There was still alot of people.  For appetizer, they give you a complimentary bread basket.  There was more than one type of bread.  I really enjoyed the jalapeno biscuit.  We ordered the bacon potato quesadilla - and oh my gosh...  It was like a party in my mouth.  For my dish, I ordered the chilaquilles, which was absolutely amazing!  It's one of those things in life you have to eat before you die.  It really was that good.The service was excellent.  The staff is amazing.  If you bring your own water bottle, they'll offer to pour it for you in their glasses.  Who does that?  Mesa Grill - that's whom.  I almost forgot, everytime you are done with a dish, they clean up your area and give you new plates and a new set of forks and knives.  I swear I just died and gone to heaven!  Next time you're at the Caesar's Palace in Vegas, don't forget to visit Mesa Grill.
2	This was my third luncheon visit to MESA which is a restaurant I have been smitten with in the past. Twice before I had the pork tenderloin sandwich with french fries and I have recommended it to friends who have also raved. Thus, six months later I returned with friends and ordered a pork tenderloin sandwich. The waiter got busy and I could see the food in the window so long that they took the fries away and replaced them with another batch. Eventually, other waiters brought our food to us. The sandwich was good but the portion of pork seemed smaller and the fries were not as good as I remember. Honestly, I may be splitting hairs but I truly believe that the care and attention to detail in the front and back of the house has declined. With so many options in LV and even at Caesars, I will think twice before returning. Bobby are you listening? I'm a former restaurant professional, extreme foodie and a big fan!
4	Bobby Flay did not disappoint.  We had the Rock Shrimp tamale appetizers.  So good!  If I was alone at home, I might have considered licking the plate.  We also tried some of their specialty margaritas which were great with the appetizers.  I ordered the Duck breast and I would like to be more descriptive, but it was so good, I ate it so fast, it is just a pleasant memory now.  My boyfriend had the lamp chops, with a peanut/cilatro pesto which was amazing also.  April, our server was great.  Women, you will appreciate this;  I was wearing a black dress and was a little apprehensive about putting a white napkin in my lap for fear of walking around with white lint on my dress all night.  She must have seen the look on my face when I put the napkin aside instead of in my lap.  We got our margaritas and then noticed that I now had a black napkin!  I thought I was losing my mind, but she had switched out my napkin without my having to ask.  Now that is service!  It's really the little things that make your experience great and one of them was the great service.
5	Great food and great service.Get the tortilla soup as it will flip your mind on what tortilla soup should actually be like.Also, blue corn pancake with bbq duck is great!
5	Oh Mesa Grill!  How you have swept me off my feet.  My coworker and I came here based on a cab's recommendation and boy was I glad I listened.  Luckily, it was the beginning of restaurant week, so I got to try a variety of things for $50.The Strawberry Fields cocktail drink was quite lovely with fresh strawberries, mint, and cucumber vodka.  Pink, sweet, and refreshing after walking around all day in the heat! :)  I must say the breads were WONDERFUL.  They were not your average breads.  We were given an assortment of three...I can't remember exactly what they were...but one was almost like a soft corn meal muffin with bits of herbs inside, another was more of a chewy bread with jalapeno bits, the last had raisin bits.  All different and unique.  I had to stop myself from eating the entire basket.The roasted corn soup was SOOO good.  It was slightly spicy, creamy as can be, and incredibly sweet. The fried okra bits and green chile sauce (?) drizzled on top just made it even better.  I know I should not have ordered an appetizer, but I had the grilled shrimp with tamale and corn. It was a symphony of textures and flavors: juicy shrimp, grainy yet smooth tamales, pop of sweetness from the corn, creaminess of the sauce. The New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with chile sauce and sweet potato tamale...ohies..I cannot even finish this sentence as my mouth is watering.  The three miniature columns of tenderloin were juicy and flavorful.  It was interesting to see how the tamale from the shrimp appetizer was savory, but this sweet potato tamale was sweet, almost like dessert with the slight crunch of the pecans.  I was just sad that I was not able to eat much of it as I was already full from the appetizer and soup.  For dessert I had the roasted strawberry-gooseberry shortcake with vanilla whipped cream.  The shortcake is not like your traditional soft spongy shortcake.  Rather, it has a firm cornmeal texture.  It was pretty good, but I can't say it was my favorite part of the meal.One thing I would have hoped for was for the dishes to be SPICER, but I would highly recommend this place.  It has a wonderful, warm, inviting decor that is not too hip or stuffy so you can choose to dress up or down.  The food is exciting and fun and I cannot wait to go back again and/or visit the New York location. I never cared much for Bobby Flay before (I like Paula and Giada...lol), but after that night I was completely sold.  Mad props.
5	I have got to say Mesa and Flay did not disappoint! I am not a huge Bobby Flay fan, don't really watch any of his shows on Food Network, but the man can deliver on flavor! I had very high expectations going into this meal (based on Yelp reviews) and they were all met! Me and Ms. Mega went to Vegas in August for our Anniversary and MESA was our anniversary dinner. Reservations were for 7:30pm for Monday and the place was full, always a good sign I guess! We were sat at a table close to the open part of the kitchen so I was able to see all the different dishes coming out. They bought us a basket of bread, and they were quite good, I enjoyed the jalapeno muffin the best. I ordered a Pear Margarita and it was strong! It tasted good but just a bit too strong for me, at least you can't say they're stingy with the tequila! I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and Ms. Mega had the Southwestern Spiced Duck Breast. I have to say this is the BEST Pork Tenderloin I have E V E R had! The first bite was just amazing, the spices were just right, it wasn't too hot but at the same time you knew it was there. The pork was so tender and moist, it was cooked perfectly. The flavors combined for a PARTY in my mouth, usually I inhale my food but this meal I really took my time to enjoy the spices. Even my GF enjoyed the pork and she is not the biggest fan of the pork. My GF enjoyed her duck, I had a piece and thought it was ok but I think I was a bit biased because of how good my pork tenderloin was. By the time I was down to my last piece of pork, I was cutting my bites smaller and smaller, trying to savor the last of this heavenly pork. We were full but I really wanted to try the Toasted Coconut Layered Cake, and it was good! The slice we got was pretty big, and was very very rich and delicious. We tried to finish it but we tapped out with 3-4 bites left. The service was very good, our waiter was very good, not overbearing and our water glasses were continually filled. Overall this was an awesome tasty experience, the total bill was about $130 with tip and I felt it was worth every penny. I will definitely eat here again when I come back to Vegas next year!
5	I'm basing this review on our visit to Las Vegas and it's location inside Caesars Palace. What can I say? Being a huge fan of Bobby Flay, southwestern cuisine, and plenty of heat on my palate, this was a no brainer! Three months after our visit, I'm finally getting down and writing this review; I'd still be willing to make the trek to Vegas, just to dine at Mesa. The staff was awesome, from the hostess to the waiter. Food was ... well, no words can describe what the shrimp tamale, blue corn crusted rellano, and the New Mexican spice rubbed tenderloin did to my mouth. Highly,... highly! recommended for when you're in the mood for some flava! And fuck all those Flay-Haters!
4	Went here the last night we were in Vegas for a friends wedding.Went with high hopes cause am a fan of Bobby Flays cooking style. For the most part he didn't disappoint. The apps were all great, I had pan seared scallops as mine, and got Veal for my entree , truly melted in my mouth. the side dish was i guess the standard for the restaurant as everyone at the table ,whether they had seafood,beef, or chicken got the same breaded corn tamale thing, which tasted ok but i think we should have been given the chance to mix it up, wasn't really an option on the menu. The dessert was very good as well dont remember what it was called because i was being adventurous but tempura bananas figured very heavily into the equation. The only other  turn off besides the all for one side dish was our waiter who was kind of creepy, he wasnt rude or anything but was really prissy and like the nerdy scientist from the simpsons  (ahem mmm yess)as he spoke all nasally to you. haha sorry im being rude now.
3	Maybe brunch isn't the best way to sample Flay's menu, because I left thoroughly unimpressed. My party split the crispy bacon and smoked salmon quesadillas, both of which were incredibly ordinary. The waiter (more on him in a bit) strongly recommended the spicy chicken + sweet potato hash, which I would only recommend if you like eating baby food. While the presentation and flavors were all there, the hash was more of a mash and when you combine that with really tender chicken, you get mush. The creamy grits were a winner, but I really regret pairing that with the mushy chicken/hash. A little bit of textural contrast may have made this good. Well, at least I left full.Good service might have made this a better experience, but the waiter was too much of a salesman. I'm not sure I've ever had a waiter try to push certain dishes so hard, it seemed as if he wanted to order our meals for us. From this single sampling, I'd say that Mesa Grill does not live up to the Bobby Flay hype.
5	Never disappointed when I visit Bobby's Mesa Grill.  (Bobby, like I know him...)   The menu has a nice selection, and everything my friends and I have tried over the years has been wonderful.  Pork tenderloin is fantastic and so is the duck!  Even lunch is yummy...  Will continue to go back...
2	I have to second what a lot of the yelpers have said-- the Brunch experience is really disappointing.  The front of house seemed bummed to see us arrive, the welcome wasn't warm,  It was a Saturday morning at 11 am, and I expect people to put on a good face for customers approaching.  Our waiter was excellent and helpful though, and the service overall was very good. I ordered the quesadila with fried cotija cheese filled with crispy bacon and hash browns, topped with a fried egg. It was cooked poorly with one half cooked to an embarrassing crisp that turned into dust when it met my firm fork hand, and the other half plainly under cooked. The bacon was chewy, which doesn't work in this dish, although it was tasty it was clearly undercooked. The topping of a fresh salsa was over-seasoned with salt and tasted like a tomato salt-sa (okay, sorry about that pun)I also had the roasted corn chowder, which was nice and sweet. A pretty nice brunch offering.  The bread basket was very good, with the jalapeno muffin being the star. I've had the burger here, and have raved about it after trying it once at the bar-- but on this occasion the muenster cheese had melted into no where land. And, when I sliced into it I could see it wasn't cooked evenly.  When that happens it breaks apart and is a big mess. It was a disappointing  end to my meal.I won't be back. I wish I had come for dinner, it seems to be more of the chef's game, and it appears the kitchen staff's all-stars work that shift, based on the reviews here.  Not recommended for Brunch.
5	The only word to describe this place= Awesome. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Mesa! We were there during restaurant week, and they had a $30 tasting menu that was out-of-this-world. The service was great too, the waitress explained everything about the dishes and made some wonderful recommendations. I ended up trying the shrimp tamale to start, the ancho chile glazed salmon as my main dish, and they had the chef's choice dessert as blueberry profiteroles with fresh whipped cream. SO good. I think the tamale was my favorite. The portions were HUGE too, definitely not what I expected (I figured they'd be small due to the price not being TOO high and the tasting menu moniker). Those at our table who didn't get the tasting menu also enjoyed their meals. Oh yeah, and if you go DEFINITELY get a margarita. I don't even normally like margaritas all that much, but theirs are awesome. I had their signature marg, the Partida Margarita, uses partida tequila (100% blue agave tequila), organic agave and fresh squeezed lime juice. This drink is totally worth the $16 price point. If I'm going to drink, it needs to be GOOD. This was awesome. In short, go to Mesa, enjoy a meal and definitely have a margarita. I tried a few sips of other varieties of the margs and they were all great too (though mine was the best!) Highly recommended! Wish there was one in San Diego :)
1	ok so I was excited and had high hopes that I was eating here, one of many Bobby Flay's signature restuarants around the US.. to tell you the truth it did not deliver for me..came in with a group of 6 folks mid-day almost dinner walked in no one was seated in the main seating area, the bar was open, we asked for a table and the response from the waitress was "we are not open yet we only have the bar open we dont start serving till sumthing til so and so PM and no we have no tables available"..Keep in mind the place was empty, literally only the 6 of us and few folks at the bar.. So we sed we would wait at the bar til the restuarant fully opened.. we did so and when the restuarant finally open we were told there was no tables available for us again the restuarant was empty just us and patrons at the bar so we decided to eat at the bar. food was made and delivered quickly, steak was made under par, chicken also made under par for a place of an owner with such caliber we at least though the food would be decent.. sadly food, price, fail, ambiance is only plus everything else FAIL!!oh if I give them anything, the drinks are made well, other then that go to wolfgang pucks restuarant at least you wont be shunned there by the waitress.food - * 1/2 & im being nice i could of went to sizzler and got better prepp'd meatservice - negative 5 stars if the waitress dont want to help folks find another job like a pole dancer hahaambiance **** the place is awesome the look and feel to it, but the service makes the experience all negative
3	If it weren't for the terrible service....you'd be at 4.5 stars Mesa Grill.Yes, I'm talking about you John J.  We stopped in last Saturday for their brunch menu and I all of us were astonished at how lacking the service was. But let me talk about the good eats first...Two of us ordered the Mesa Burger, which was excellent. One medium/one medium rare, both of which were grilled spot on.Two of us ordered the Chicken Hash, which was another good choice and an interesting combination of flavors.  The grits that were served with it were some of the best I've ever had. Our burgers were served with fries, which while weren't bad, paled in comparison to the duck fat fries we had the night before at StripSteak.The extras: They provide a complimentary assorted breads basket, which is well down and was scarfed down by us quickly.  Three of us tried different margaritas, which were excellent. Why service was terrible...very slow, we had to wave down servers on more than one occasion (if we were taken care of, why would we ever have to do this?!), one person, who had just ordered a diet Pepsi, was out of drink for a while until we had to flag someone down for a refill. At $4 a soda we expect a refill.  Our server actually started talking once before ever getting to our table (couldn't hear him) and started walking away while I was talking to him. Kinda rude buddy. Especially if you're serving at a restaurant of this caliber. The total, for the four of us, excluding tip was $122.15
4	I must admit, I'm not a big fan of Bobby Flay. With that said, I had one of the best New York steaks here at Mesa Grill.  It was cooked perfectly to order...medium.  It was so juicy and tasty.And Mesa Grill has one of the best Margaritas in town!The ambiance is great.  A bit on the noisy side.  Although we had a large group from work attending a user conference here.  Service was good and attentive.
4	I love Bobby Flay, so we had to definitely give Mesa a try.  We weren't too excited about the dinner menu, so we opted for lunch.  Mesa's decor is very vibrant and I found it to be very inviting.We started we the tiger shrimp tamale.  My husband ate most of it, but I did have a bite and it was pretty good.  I had the lamb Cobb salad and my hubby had the shrimp tacos.  Both were excellent and we found the wait staff to be very attentive and informative.I really wished we would have seen Bobby Flay at the restaurant, then I would have definitely given it 5 stars....I know the likelihood of that is slim to none, but still ; )
4	We went there for brunch on a Sat. The flavors were exceptional. We started with the goat cheese fundido. We had as our entrees the grilled lamb chopped salad and shrimp tacos with 3 different sauces. The service was good. We would go back for dinner.
5	B-Flay has definitely got it goin ON! If your going to stay in Vegas, you need to make it a priority to visit this restaurant. The food if just amazing. I ordered the duck with a carrot and habenero sauce, and please do not be afraid of the almighty pepper. It was mild. The duck was cooked to perfection, it melted in your mouth. The tamale that is served along side it was dry, and odd combo. It was a goat cheese, chorizo tamale. Just order the corn, you will want to eat gallons of it. Keep the tamale do NOT ask to substitute, pet PEEVE of any chef. Its a major no no. My friend had the salmon with black bean puree, with garnish of cilantro, the salmon was good medium rare and it was juicy, flaky and extremely flavorful. The ingredients used in all of his recipes are fresh and full of flavor. Another person ordered the chicken, chicken is boring to order at restaurants cause it can be over cooked, bland, or dry. However B-Flay knew how to master that chicken! It was crispy skinned, juicy succulent meat, and the most mouth watering crust. It had a bite as well as a smokey flavor through out the dish. The chicken was served along side mashed potatoes with cilantro pesto. TO DIE FOR I tell you, now if you were like me you were thinking cilantro in mashed potatoes, dont question just eat. Trust me! As for drinks, dont be afraid to ask the server what he recommends for your drink give him an idea of what you like, what food you might order and man do they know their stuff. I had a white peach margarita that was sensational. Hold the salt too please. The white peach was actually a white peach no fake stuff, this was the real deal. The color looked like an ending sunset, garnished with a lime and served in a cute glass. For dessert i did not order one but I did however have a dessert drink. It was a passion fruit Bellini. Completed the meal and tied all the flavors together while cleaning my pallet. As for the service, I have never received such great service. I say this because in Vegas, serves were rude, short, inexperienced and didn't know the menu. B-Flay has got his workers TRAINED! We were wearing black dresses and were given white napkins, they removed them and said, "Ladies we want to give you black ones so you dont get lint on your dresses," Thank you B-Flay. Thank you serves for having your shit together and knowing how to treat guests. Five stars all around.
5	I've been here twice, once for brunch and once for dinner.Brunch: Spicy chicken + sweet potato was absolutely amazing.  the sauces in the mouth exploded with flavor and everything was just cooked to perfection.  O my god it was good.  the dish is extremely extremely hearty and filling.  i could only eat half.  it was fun to have all the wonderful textures and flavors on my tongue.  the heat could have been turned up, but i am a big big fan of heat.Dinner: I had a coffee rubbed filet done medium rare.  It was a big deal for me to order a filet, as i don't think i've ordered a filet since i was 13.  But the idea of something rubbed in coffee sounded really good and interesting.  The flavor of the dish, unsurprisingly was very bitter.  But i wouldn't say it was bitter in a bad way, just very different.  The steak itself was cooked really well, so i have no complaints about the meat.  It was an interesting entree.  it might not be the most delicious thing to order, but it's definitely worth trying.There was also this amazing pea/chile soup which they no longer have on the menu.  it was one of the most delicious soups i've ever ever ever had. The soup's color was also a vibrant green and for some reason green is always appetizing in my head.  Apps: i thought most of the apps were only ok.
5	My girl wanted to come here sooo bad for her birthday lunch. I personally like Bobby Flay. We headed over to Cesars Palace and the staff in valet had great attitudes about pointing us where it was. We were seated quickly without any reservations on a Friday afternoon. Our waiter was great. He was an even better salesman. Just about every item he recommended we ordered. My girl and her sister had some mixed drinks. I kept it grown with a Negra Modelo beer. I ordered the New Mexico rubbed Pork Tenderloin sandwich. It comes with an order of fresh cut seasoned fries. Your dipping sauce is a spicy ketchup sauce. Outfreakingstanding!Our service was exactly what I expected. High level and professional. The bill damage wasn't that bad four a party of four. We will be back. Forgot to mention. My girl's sister had the duck. It was perfection in your mouth!!!
2	Meh is the best way to describe Mesa Grill, at least the day I was there. It was a boring, uninspired meal in a boring uninspired restaurant. The only bright spot of the meal was the cocktail- a really yummy white peach margarita. App's were fine and I had a Lamb cobb salad for my main. it was very, very dull- lamb was over cooked and poorly spiced (should have known it was a mistake when the waiter didn't ask how I wanted it cooked). I probably won't return to Mesa Grill- there are many great restaurants on the strip that have great meals, why waste your time at this yawner?
5	We made a reservation for Friday night during our last stay in Vegas. All dressed up, we made our way over to Cesars. Mesa Grill is easy to find in it's central location in the middle of the casino and with it's vibrant colors pouring out. The staff was very professional and friendly. We were seated almost instantly and took in the surroundings - very eclectic and energetic decor. Opening the menu, there is a lot to choose from. I myself ordered the duck with the chile rilleno on the side, and the man decided to try the halibut with a side of mashed potatoes. And, of course - there were Margaritas. We just ordered the classic version on the rocks......I can't rave enough about them. DELICIOUS! I could have had about 5 more. However, being in Vegas, one has to pace themselves. After a scrumptious bread bowl, the food came. Presentation was fantastic, and the taste even better.  My duck was some of the best I've ever had - savory, spicy, juicy. The homemade tamale on the side was delish and the chile rilleno - I died. ORDER THIS EXACT MEAL. All in all - ambiance was A+. Drinks were A+. Food was A+. Enjoy!
4	I-LOVED-IT!Loved my lamb. Loved the garlic mash. Loved the corn. EVERYTHING.And I loved everyone elses' food, too =) hahaThe only downside was we went for a friend's bday and they don't give free desserts to the bday girl...we paid for it.BTW, YUMMY DESSERT, TOO!!!
5	It was the best restaurant I ate in in Las Vegas.The steak was cooked perfectly and melts in your mouth and my sisters ordered different types of fish which was also spectacular. We ordered too much food but managed to eat it all.  I would demand you order the brussel sprouts in the pomegranate reduced concoction.. sounds a little bizarre but it was recommended by our waiter and it was AMAZING I would like the bottom of the plate if no one was watching.The drinks are well made and the service is prompt and courteous.  I have yet to try the one in NYC but if it is as good as the one in Vegas then I can not wait!
5	Bobby Flay, you did me good. I was excited to try mesa grill and hoping to get a glimpse of bobby flay. I went with my bf, friend and her bf on a Sunday for brunch. We walked in and were quickly greeted by two hostess with bright colored shirts and black suits on. The place was very colorful with one wall with a rainbow of agua de fresca jugs. We sat in the middle area, where the boys could still see the games going on on the other side of the glass wall in the sports bet area. Our waiter was nice yet cocky like bobby flay, which almost rubbed me the wrong way. After a heavy night of drinking, I wasn't in the mood for any more alcohol, even though the bellini sounded good! I ordered the cactus pear ice tea ($4). The ice tea had a southern tea feel, slightly flowery. I believe it comes with some simple syrup that you could put in it, but I think it tastes better without it. Bf: do you have any regular ice tea? waiter: NO =( We were brought a basket of 4 different kinds of bread. Jalapeno muffin, regular corn bread, jalapeno scone and coffee cake. The jalapeno muffin was a perfectly buttery, light, and flakey and had tiny bright green flakes of jalapenos so it had a kick of heat, but not too hot where it burned your mouth. The regular corn bread had specks of red and green chile flakes, and perfectly baked where it was still moist. The scone had a hint of sweet taste with some dried raisins and cranberries. The coffee cake wasn't too sweet, where you really needed to drink it with coffee. as per suggestion by the waiter, we ordered the appetizer Crispy Bacon + Hash Brown Quesadilla with fried egg and spicy tomato salsa. this was so good. the tortilla tasted homemade, where it was light and fluffy and not chewy. the bacon gave it the saltyness and the hashbrown a slight crisp. all together with the fried egg and salsa on top... yum the waiter suggested the Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon with Spicy Black Bean Sauce and Roasted Jalapeno Crema as the perfect dish to display bobby flays style of balancing sweet and savory so i wanted to get it. i was instructed to make sure to eat the salmon with the white sauce. the salmon was perfectly cooked where it was flaky and just fell apart while still being moist. the sauces were so bright and the colors were vibrant. it had a nice fresh salsa on top. all together it was nice. i had expected a bit more of fire in bobby flays dish, but it was just enough that you could appreciate all the flavors. Spicy Scrambled Eggs (Green Onion, Jalapeno, Goat Cheese) Apricot-Mustard Glazed Ham+ Buttermilk Biscuits. wow! you'd think "what, its just scrambled eggs" but the scrambled eggs were delicious! i swear i love goat cheese. it was creamy and salty and hearty. the ham was sweet and salty and makes your mouth water. the biscuits were a bit spicy like it had a bunch of black pepper in it and buttery at the same time. great dish! you could get a side of creamy grits or homestyle fries with the egg dishes. WOW these grits were so freakin good. i think they had goat cheese in them as well. so creamy and tasty. my friend and her bf both got the scrambled egg enchilada. they said it was good. overall i was very pleased with mesa grill. his dishes werent as spicy as i had expected, as hes always bringing in the heat, but everything had a nice balance of heat that you could still taste the flavors of the dishes. yeah bobby!
5	I was a bit wary of eating in a celebrity chef's restaurant... the tourist trap aspect, etc. Not here... We were blown away from start to finish. Great ambiance, impeccable service, knowledgeable staff, perfectly cooked food, amazingly complex and delicious sauces... and quite possibly the best margarita I have ever tasted (and believe me I have tasted quite a few!!) -- their signature Cactus Prickly Pear Margarita... I'm drooling on my desk just typing about it.We showed up on a Sunday night a few minutes early for our reservation and were seated immediately by the stunningly gorgeous hostess. Our server's name was Brian and he was very helpful and attentive without being obtrusive. The bread basket had three different and equally amazing temptations -- an asiago sourdough, a wheat bread with raisins and walnuts, and a marbled corn muffin made from yellow and blue corn meal, with bits of infused pepper, and a great little ramekin of delicious butter formed into a perfect little cylinder. The margaritas came out, delivered by another server, a drink runner I suppose. My buddy ordered a regular margarita and I tried their signature drink, the cactus prickly pear margarita. We were both stunned at how delicious the drinks were. I've had hundreds of margaritas all over the country, and I can't think of another that tasted as good... Margaritas are all about proper proportions of ingredients, and these were spot on. I can only surmise that fresh squeezed juices and masterful mixing knocked these out of the ballpark for us.Our starters came out -- I ordered the grilled asparagus salad with toasted pecans, maytag blue cheese, roasted wild mushrooms + red chile-mustard vinaigrette. Perhaps the weakest link of the food we ordered, but still very good. My buddy had the crispy squash blossoms with ricotta, corn, sweet and hot yellow pepper sauce. This was the bomb and I was kinda jealous though I did manage to steal a few bites. Portion sizes were good, fairly generous, and the presentations were nice. Go squeeze bottle!Next came the entrees. I got the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with bourbon ancho chile sauce and sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter. This plate really knocked my socks off... so tasty, so delicate, so beautifully and creatively presented. And quite a generous portion of perfectly cooked tenderloin. The sauces were complex -- a perfect balance of sweet, salty and spicy. I'm not a huge sweet potato fan, but the tamale, topped with the savory, nutty butter was so delicious. My buddy had the 22oz bone-in chipotle glazed rib-eye with red and green chile sauce. He ordered it medium rare and charred, and it arrived at the table exactly as ordered. It's huge! It reminded us of the steak that tipped over Fred Flinstone's car. I tried a couple of bites and it was amazing. I'm not one who usually eats the gooshy fatty parts, but the charring give it a very pleasant melt-in-my-mouth texture that made me rethink that tendency. For us, both entrees were home runs, knocked out of the ballpark. We also split a chile relleno, which I believe was filled with white cheddar. It was great.We were absolutely stuffed and though curious about their desserts, decided to pass. This was a memorable and exciting culinary experience for us both, and I absolutely have new respect for Chef Flay. To the servers and cooks who made this meal so perfect and memorable, I salute you! I'll be back the next time I'm in Vegas, for sure. Keep up the good work!
3	I rounding this to a three star.  I gave it a 2 and hubby gave it a 4.  My husband really liked his choice of mini chicken tacos for an appetizer and the halibut main course.  I am a vegetarian and the only things that were veggie had GOBS of cheese...I mean thick gobs that turned hard after they cooled a bit.  YUCK.  I can tell they have the flavors right.  But...I was not a fan.  If you are a meat eater you will like it.  Pretty pricey, $115 with no alcohol or dessert.
4	I've been back in SF for a few days and have been talking about Mesa Grill non-stop to anyone who would listen.The Pork Tenderloin was the best piece of pork I've ever eaten and everything leading up to the entree was amazing.  We started out w/the corn soup, salmon & tuna tartare (unbelievable - and I really loved the spice) and squash blossoms all of which were excellent.  The pork was my favorite entree but the bone-in ribeye was also a delicious choice.I could go on about all of the other entrees we sampled but the praise would get redundant.  The only negative was the sommelier who had a terrible attitude and was not excited about pouring a bottle of wine under  $70.  He kept recommending magnums andy bottles over $100.  If you're in Vegas, book a table at Mesa Grill...don't get sucked in to Mortan's or Ruth's Chris...you'll have a better meal at Mesa.
5	This is review #476 for this place???  Holy cow....what more can I say that hasn't already been said.After a day at the Convention Center, a group of us headed over to watch Monday Night Football at Caeser's Palace.  Thankfully, one of us thought ahead and got reservations at Mesa Grill.  Our previous plan of Nobu would have to wait.  The game was entertaining as hell and we headed over to Bobby Flay's place.I love a wide open room like they have here.  Much better Vegas ambiance than tiny little rooms.  Very simple decor with the tequila bar and open kitchen dominating the view.The Yelp reviews gave me a great preview of what to order and my dining partners appreciated the hints I was able to provide.It took a long time to get a drink order.  When I mentioned a margarita, I had to wait to get the special margarita menu.  How many ways can you make a margarita?  Apparently about 190.  The menu was ridiculous.  Far too many choices.  Geez, it's just tequila.  I took the waiter's recommendation and was not disappointed.  It was not cheap, maybe $15, by the time the extra options were added up.  It was delicious.  Appetizers were next.  The Queso Fundido (Blue corn chips and a hot cheeze dip) was wonderful.  Cheesy and spicy.  Tiger shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamales were just amazing.  Kind of small portions but the tastes were unique and complementary.  We also had the blue corn crusted squid.  Lightly crunchy with a tangy sauce.I had the blue corn crusted halibut.  Off the chart fantastic.  I love a simple piece of grilled meat or fish with a plain starch and veggie.  Here, you are subjected to a wild array of seasonings, toppings, garnishes, etc.  They hit the spot....big time.  A meaty fish that held up to the accompaniments.  Absolutely delicious.  My dining partners had the pork tenderloin, duck breast and the rib eye steak.  Four dudes sitting around the table offering each other bites.  So very uncool, so very yummy.  Sides of spinach and corn rounded out the main dishes.We split the toasted coconut layer cake.  Very tasty, indeed.  I'm not a huge Bobby Flay, TV star, fan.  I am a giant Bobby Flay, fill my gut with tasty food, fan.  Highly recommended.
4	Popular spot for good reason. I have now eaten there twice over a 3 year span once for lunch, once for dinner. Both times I was impressed with the flavors. Not too much, but definitely different. Bobby Flay is an iron chef for a good reason. I feel he could make any dish great (as witnessed on Throwdown program) so whenever the menu veers off course, I recommend trying that dish. For me it was the sweet potato hash with poached eggs and green tomatillo salsa. I thought the tamales were the best app, but I also tried the shrimp, queso, and duck. My brothers split a steak sandwich and burger and seemed to like the steak but love the burger. Everything tasted good at Mesa grill.
2	I'm a huge FoodNetwork fanatic, so while in LV, the bf and I tried to hit up all the FoodNetwork chef's restaurants.... Mario Batali's B&B Restuarante, Wolfgang Puck's Spago, and of course Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill.I have to say, Mesa Grill was such a let down. You made me so sad Bobby Flay! What happened to Boy Meets Grill? Because, let me tell you, your burger was whack!I got the Prix Fix Lunch ($29), which included 3 entrees (blue corn pancakes w/ duck, buffalo burger, and ice cream/cream puff). Gah! That burger was straight up dry and bland! The patty was massive, and I mean thick, it had to have been an inch thick! The thing is, I love my meat, but seriously, there's only so much dry hamburger meat a girl can eat.So the burger was whack, but the chile relleno ($16) was off the hook! However, paying almost $20 for a chile relleno is ridunkulous! Our bill came out to about $60 with tax/tip for lunch, which I have to say is really steap!So overally, Mesa Grill was a major let down.
2	My wife and I are big Bobby Flay fans.  We watch him on the Food Network all the time.  Who doesn't?  So walking around Ceasar's Palace we thought it would be cool to eat at the Mesa Grill.  It was around brunch time.  We were waiting to be seated but the waitress was on the phone.  So we waited.  After about two minutes she hangs up to tell us that they are closing to get ready for dinner.  So we could not be sitted but come another time.  We couldn't believe the rudeness of the girl.  I would of been totally cool if she just told us they were closed in the beginning instead of having us wait for her to get off the phone and her tone be like "her shit don't stink".  Stuck up hostesses are the worst.  Uggg!Being the gluttons of punishment we are, we decide to go again the next day again around lunch time.  I should know by now to never give places a second chance but oh well.  Again there is a "my shit don't stink" hostess.  Are they trained to act this way?  It is a hot day so I have been wearing a ballcap around town.  They ask me to take off my hat or sit at the bar.  I pause and decide just go with the flow.  I am on vacation.  No need to ruffle any feathers even though my feathers are a little ruffled.  So I take my ballcap off.We decide to order some drinks and appetizers.  The drinks and appetizers were real good.  Bobby definitely gets a star for each.We also ordered lunch.  My wife a salad and a burger for myself.  My wife's salad is okay.  My wife said that it was something she could make herself.  Nothing spectacular.  My burger was okay too.  Way too much bread for a bun.  Even the waiter said that a lot of people say the same thing.  The meat was also not that flavorful.  I have had better.  We should of stayed with drinks and appetizers.Overall experience was a let down.  The hostesses suck ass and need to do a better job.  Seriously, you want that to be the first impression of your business.  The drinks and appetizers were good.  The salad was okay.  The burger was okay.  Not what I expected from a restaurant with Bobby Flays name on it.  Defiinitely plenty room for improvement.
3	I was already scoping out places to eat at while at the San Diego Airport prior to our flight & remembered Mesa Grill.  I couldn't wait to get into Vegas & go have lunch here.  Ok, I thought, let's see what you got Bobby Flay....First of all, to my disappointment, only the brunch menu was available (at 1pm? really?).  Ok, it's Vegas I guess.  First they bring you a bread basket w/ a nice assortment...poppyseed blueberry muffin, cornbread w/ jalapeno, a crumbcake, etc.  Great while you are waiting for your appetizers/entrees.I ordered the ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMON with Spicy Black Bean Sauce and Roasted Jalapeno Crema...this was really good.  The flavors came together really well.  The BF had the cuban sandwich w/ adobo fries.  The fries were really good.  The sandwich was ok.I was basically disappointed b/c I expected better.  I would have preferred to come here for lunch or dinner...much more choices.  Also pricey.  We were also warned that all of the dishes were "spicy" b/c that is Bobby Flay's style, BUT it wasn't spicy at all.  Some spice would have been nice  :-)  I would give this place another try....for dinner.
3	I had a total opposite experience here compared to Todd English's Olives. Our waiter was super friendly and full of suggestions!! Since my bf and I couldn't quite decide what to order, we went pretty much with all the waiter's A list, from my drink, to the appetizer, to the entree.My drink (pink margarita I think? that says a lot right? lol) was super delicious!!! Oh I could have sat there and keep drinking that all day long.  Unfortunately I wasn't too wild about the appetizer queso fundido, I mean it was good, but it's melted cheese. Ok i get it. I had grilled pork tenderloin that was decent but not great, and the bf had shrimp tacos suggested by the waiter. I thought the shrimp was really good but a rip off since the plate had only 6 shrimps and 2 tortillas!!!  Wow, really, Bobby? That's an appetizer size, not entree size!Overall, it's just an OK place to eat at with a heavy tab. If you have a big wallet and a small stomach, this might be the place to hang out at. I do love the drink, but what I love more is to eat.
4	Ah, five-star service, literally impeccable from the time you enter the restaurant until you leave, but the food is truly disappointing for the price, three stars at best.  I will give them five stars for the cocktails as well.The food is the problem.  Four of us sat down for dinner.  My wife and I shared the "porterhouse" lamb chops, which came with a tamale.  We also ordered a chile relleno side.  The lamb chops were excellent, though a tad overcooked.  We had ordered medium-rare and were told that the chops would be red to red-purple inside.  They arrived a strong pink inside.  The tamale was absolutely awful, stuffed with what seemed like Jack in the Box taco filling.  No one at the table cared for the tamale.  My wife and I tried the chile relleno.  I don't know what Bobby Flay knows about Southwestern or Mexican food, but the relleno arrived coated in an extra crunchy cornmeal batter.  The filling, which is why the chile is called a relleno, was undiscernable.One companion ordered the filet mignon and ordered it medium.  It arrived medium-rare.  Maybe the cooks had mixed up the lamb chops with the filet order.  At any rate, the filet was returned to the kitchen for additional cooking.  The filet was outstanding, rubbed with a chipotle mixture, which gave the meat a smoky, spicy kick.The final person of our foursome ordered a New York steak.  He was disappointed.  The only seasoning he could taste was salt, which he said was a little too heavily applied.  The meat was good, but that's what it was: heavily salted meat.They shared herbed mashed potatoes, which we all tasted.  They were good, but nothing that would merit a better review.All in all, the meal was good, but, I believe, for the money I would go someplace else.
4	As the previous person posted, what more can really be said about this restaurant. I just came back from Vegas this morning and a truly truly horrible experience.  I only went out there for a concert and the concert and this restaurant were the best parts of my trip.  I went in here accidentally, meaning, i had no clue it was Bobby Flay's restaurant. I was hungry and Caesars Palace was a across from where I was staying and all the restaurants in my hotel were packed and had lines, I walked right in with no waiting. (I will assume now that since its Bobby's place this place can get crowded so I feel the need to note this was a Sunday about 11:45am) Once inside Caesars Palace, I went to the first restaurant I saw, which was this one.  I realized mid-meal it was his restaurant when the waiter at the table next to me was explaining to the recently seated couple that "Mr Flay likes a little spice so beware all of our dishes have a little kick" (they were an older couple). I know i'm slow after he said that, that's when i realized why they had his cookbooks in the front. :)  (but like i said had a horrible trip so i wasn't even looking for things like this) anyway onto the food.FOOD: fantastic.  I went on sunday and i got the eggs and aged striploin tortilla (fancy name for steak and eggs) and  it was yummy.  It came with all this spices of sorts (well they werent spices). I am not really sure how to describe it, more like the consistency of salsa's but they werent salsa's, at any rate it was really good mix with the eggs.  I had a side of home fries which were a little burnt but oh well.  The steak was very good, very flavored, moist and tender. Overall very good. Had a cappuccino too, also very good. I wish i had tried the crabcake's but i knew i wasnt going to eat all that. waiters were awesome, just the right amount of attentiveness. (I personally hate when waiters/waitresses, come back every 5 minutes, is everything ok is everything ok...sheesh can i enjoy my meal?) Anyway like i said, i had a horrible experience in vegas and this and the concert i went to see were the best parts about my trip, very glad i blessed up on this place.P.S.  Take notice, i have never eaten in a celebrity chef's restaurant and noticed that there were no salt and pepper shakers on any table.  ha just a fun tidbit, i thought that was funny and very interesting, almost as if the chef is subtly saying "you will not mess up my dish with your spices"
4	This was my 4th or 5th trip to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill.  Each time has been for lunch and on every occasion I've enjoyed my experience.While there are a few nuisances like some of the tables being too close together for my taste and the fact that the bar has no TV, which I like when I'm alone, the food still wins out in the end and brings me back.On this trip I discovered a new favorite that I absolutely will find the recipes for....the chicken taco's.  Delicious rub on the skewers of grilled chicken, grilled achiote, fresh cilantro, and a peanut-barbecue sauce that simply makes it all sing.  Paired with a fresh-tasting Mesa Grill margarita on the rocks caused only one regret that I will remedy next time.  A double order and 2 margaritas.Fifth star withheld because they do not accommodate to go orders.  I wanted a Bobby Flay burger instead of room service, but was told it's in house dining or nothing.  An odd choice to say the least.
4	I am such a fan of Bobby Flay (or any Food Network personality, for that matter) that I gravitate towards his restaurants, even in cities known for having other bigger, better, badder eateries (NYC, Las Vegas, etc.) Mesa Grill is a spacious, comfortable, contemporary spot located in Caesar's Palace.The bf & I walked in at 10:30m p.m. without a reservation & were seated promptly. The restaurant was still about 30% full. Our waitress was patient, energetic & did not rush us through our meal. 5 stars for service & for checking on us often.Food, gorgeous, food:- bread basket: loved the blue & yellow corn muffins- appetizer: tiger shrimp with corn tamale (not my favorite thing-corn was more dense than fluffy, shrimp was slightly fishy.)- side dish: double baked potato (loved the subtle spice & heat from the horseradish.)- bf's entree: new mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin- my entree: fillet rubbed filet mignon (well done & still tender & juicy. huge portion.)- desserts: (yes plural.) the bf & i shared a slice of coconut cake & i brought home the cookie sampler (6 different delicious cookies, 2 of each: snickerdoodle, biscotti, nutella/chocolate sticks, brownie bites with peanut butter icing, pine nut cookie, chocolate chip with nuts.) Awesomeness to the 10th power.Total: $135 (not including tip.) I am not a cheap date (well, ok, sometimes I am, but not today.)
4	We ordered some crab appetizer (sorry, forgot the name of it), the Grilled lamb porterhouse chops, the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin, the roasted corn, & the roasted strawberry-gooseberry shortcake. Appetizer was delicious, but we should've ordered 2 instead of sharing. The entrees & roasted corn were also delicious, although I didn't care too much for tamales. My husband says they were good tamales though. The shortcake was just okay. I would order everything again, except for the shortcake -- even though I finished the whole thing. The cake was too hard, and there were not enough berries. I would definitely go back!
5	Bobby Flay and Mesa Grill almost seem too cheesy to get 5 stars, but after two visits and how much better the food and experience is here than at so many other "celebrity chef" places we visited, it really earns all five of those babies!!Our visit started out a hit when we got to watch Bobby Flay himself filming an episode of Throwdown in the kitchen!!  We weren't allowed in the restaurant yet, but watching through the windows was fun :)Dr. S started out with a cactus pear margarita (I think) that I totally drank all of because it was so tasty!  We had the corn soup with fried okra and green chili oil to start, and it was heavenly.  I wanted to lick the bowl clean.  I remember the sweet potato soup I had on the prior visit was just as delicious.  He then got the cuban burger with fries and I got the blue corn crusted halibut with tomatoes, capers and olives.  I liked the burger more than my husband did but refused to switch because the halibut was even better!!!  We kind of split both dishes and each bite was more delicious than the last.  The fish was cooked absolutely perfectly, not fishy, not dry, just beautiful succulent white fish.  I convinced Dr. S that we NEEDED to get dessert, even though we were both stuffed.  The buttermilk pineapple upside down cake with caramel sauce didn't disappoint!!!  It's actually one of my favorite desserts because my mom used to make it for me when I was younger.  This version, of course, blew hers out of the water, but it definitely brought me to that warm fuzzy place.  We have had some good food in Vegas, but honestly on this last trip, I left the most satisfied after this meal because everything from the service to the food was just executed perfectly.  Thanks Bobby!!!  Next time indulge me in a damn picture please!
5	My husband and I cant say nothing but good things about this place. We went to Mesa Grill in Vegas for dinner on our honeymoon. We both started off with Sophie's Chopped Salad, which was very good. He then chose the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin which was to die for!! He had never tasted pork tenderloin so good in his life!! I had the 16 spice Crusted Chicken. That was good too! Then for dessert we had the Chocolate Corn Bread Pudding which when it came out, it was not what I was expecting ... but, again, VERY good!!! I would go back to Mesa Grill to eat again.
4	We have been meaning to try Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill forever it seems. For whatever reason, we just have not made over there until now. Let me tell you, I have been missing out! The decor is nice and modern and very comfortable. We even had a table between to other couples and did not feel at all intruded upon. For drinks, we could not resist Bobby's margarita selection, which has it's own menu. I had the Cactus Pear, the lady had the Peach. Mine was good, but the peach was way better. I switched for my 2nd drink!I started with the Corn soup as an app which was fantastic. For entrees, I had the grilled lamb porterhouse chops served in a tangerine roasted jalapeno mint sauce. Served with a plantain tamale with molasses butter. The fiancee had the blue corn crusted halibut with salsa cruda, served with sweet 100 tomatoes, capers, Nicoise olives, basil & oregano. Both dishes were as delicious as they sound, cooked to perfection, and served not a minute too soon. My chops were cooked to a perfect medium, bursting with a juicy deliciousness that was both expected and unexpected all at the same time. A+. Her halibut was equally as good, many notes of incredible flavor all on one plate. Bobby's the man!Portions were adequate, good enough for us to skip dessert and feel perfectly full. I'm glad we finally took the opportunity to go here, and look forward to our return!!
5	Margaritas, awesome. Mesa Fresca, a treat. Pork tenderloin dinner, priceless. Whether at the bar or at a table, service, food and drinks here are all A+. It's located right inside Caesars across from the show entrance to the Colosseum. Makes for a great pre or post (as in my case this trip) dinner experience. The room is nicely decorated with great lighting. Lots of tables for two and larger groups as well. It's a great place (like it much better than the New York location) and always a stop each time I'm in Vegas.
4	First off, I think Bobby Flay can be quite stuck up on TV, but I wanted to let his food speak for itself, so I tried his food, and it was very good.Started off with the Spicy Tuna and Salmon Tartares, which are served with plantains and flatbread. Thought it sounded really appetizing, but it was mediocre.For the main course, I had the 22oz. chipotle glazed ribeye. While I'm a traditionalist when it comes to steak preparation (happy with salt and pepper), The steak was pleasantly unique, served with a red and green sauce that had a flavorful kick. The house syrah was perfectly paired with the bold, spicy flavors of Flay's cooking.Service was good as well. The waiter had a really cool European accent. I'd rather have a Euro accent than Flay's New Yawk accent.
4	It's a little overpriced for the type of food you get, but then again, what do you expect with Bobby Flay's name stamped on the product and it being situated at the heart of Las Vegas.  All appetizers ranged from $11-16, and entrees from $30-50.   I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin.  this was served with Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce and a sweet potato tamale with pecan butter ($36).  OMFG.  It was pretty damn good.  Pork was cooked perfectly...medium.  Nice crust on the outside, tender on the inside.  The sweet potato tamale was delicious.  It reminded me of a new take on cornbread.  My husband ordered the Sixteen Spice Crusted Chicken ($32).  This was accompanied by a mango-garlic sauce and mango salsa.  The chicken was very tender-not dry at all.  And the mango sauce and salsa went perfectly well with the chicken. Mesa Grill was a good food experience, and I'm glad I gave it a try.  Good food, great service, and a wonderful atmosphere.
2	Let me cry for a second before I write this review.*cry*okay now that that's over with let me just say, DISAPPOINTED.  Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge fan, and I've even been to this particular MESA location before.  here is the TLDR version:A- whole menu is displayed out front, yet only seasonal items were available.  I was very upset at my lack of roasted corn soup.B-  Mushroom quesadilla is the best thing on the menu, and continues to wow meC- Most unimaginative, bland, boring, overpriced burger.  EVER.  He needs to take a page out of Daniel Boulud's book.  D- $16+ for a margarita in a half filled martini glass, can we say rip off?E- $96 for lunch is ridiculous, even in Vegas.  This was Bobby Flay, NOT Joel Robuchon.-----Part of me feels like I have really high expectations being from NY and getting to experience REAL Flay at its best.  But next time I'm in Caesar's I will be hitting up Spago.The wait staff was attentive, and nice.  The hostess was unattractive, and had quite an attitude.  If you have never been to a Flay restaurant, I suggest you give it a go when you come to vegas, but if you're looking for mind blowing food- and something to write home to, this is not it.
4	while in LV my wife wanted to check out bobby flay's restaurant, so we found our way to mesa... it was a pretty busy sunday night, but we were seated immediately... the waiter was very courteous and knowledgeable about the items on the menu... i ended up getting the grits as an appetizer and the lamb dish for my dinner course... my wife had the salad first and then the fish for dinner... all in all the food was pretty good... price wise for the entrees was a little on the pricey side ranging from $30 to $45... it is Vegas and it is bobby flay's signature restaurant... all in all, i would definitely go back... h-100...
4	Exceeded expectations - I'm an Iron Chef America fan and found myself with a free night while in Vegas on business, so I decided to try Mesa Grill. The atmosphere is relaxed and hip. My server was incredibly nice, helpful and thoughtful. I started with the tuna and salmon tartar. It was ok - tasted fresh and The spicy cilantro sauce was good but I've certainly had better ahi. Then, on my servers recommendation, I ordered the Filet with mushroom black pepper and red wine reduction. I planned on ordering something more "Bobby" with chipotle and the like, but I'm glad I didn't. The filet was fantastic. Perfectly cooked, wonderful flavor, overall extremely good. I also ordered the grilled corn, and must say it was one of the best side dishes ive ever had. Really. Sweet, spicy, crunchy and velvety all in each bite. Wow. I finished things off with cinnamon sugar churros and star anise chocolate dipping sauce. The churros were crisp on the outside and soft on the I side. The star anise in the sauce is interesting, certainly adds interesting depth to the chocolate. So... This was not a cheap meal, but it was one if the better meals I've eaten and I would certainly go back. I would have given it a perfect five if not for the ahi.
3	This place was really good. I read mixed reviews and was nervous to give it a shot. I came for appetizers and liked it so much we came back for dinner the next night. The restaurant is very colorful, in my opinion a little bit cheesy, but appropriate for Southwestern restaurant. The food was great! We had:Sophie's Chopped Salad - amazing! very simple but bursting with flavor and crunch. I ordered it on both visits. Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale- Excellent! Came with jumbo size prawns and a heavenly corn sauce. Each bite was heaven!Spicy Tuna and Salmon Tartares - This was good, but it was exactly what you would expect of a tartar. It wasn't bad by any means, but many of the other dishes overshined this standard plate.Grilled Lamb Poerterhouse- Tasty and huge but I like my lamb a little more muted in flavor. My hubby loved it though.Blue Corn Crusted Halibut - this was my entree. It was delicious!!! The corn crust added a new texture to the juicy tender halibut. The tomoatoe oragano gave a great kick with it's spiciness. Halibut needs big flavors and this dish definatley reflected that. New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin- Really flavor full and not dry at all.Chorizo-Goat Cheese Tamale - I wanted this to be good, but it was very bland skip. This worked better in theory. All in all we had a wonderful time at Bobby Flay's restaurant. The service was excellent, the flavors did not disappoint. While this was a spendy restaurant there are much more expensive restaurants on the strip. I would go back.
4	From the start withthe jalepeno cheese bread to the spice rubbed pork, the sweet potato tamale, pumpkin soup and of course the corn side dish YUM! Amazing! The pumpkin soup to start with was so full of flavor, it just warms your soul! The pork, best cooked at the chef's preference of medium is perfect, even for those who prefer more well done, it was so flavorful and tender, fantastic! This comes with this flavorful sweet potato tamale, we ordered the corn side dish OMG, it's roasted corn, spanish cheese, lime and ancho chile seasoning it is AMAZING, truly! They have a decent but small wine by the glass list but it was perfect, the pinot noir but the glass paired perfectly with the spices! Mesa is great for spicy foods, ones where you can actually taste the spices not just the heat! If you don't like spices this is not the place for you.. And with regards tothe prices, well, you are in vegas and this is a celebrity chefs joint, it goes with the territory but I will admit, it was well worth the price! Anyone who says the food here is bland well, probably wouldnt be satisfied anywhere...
4	My friends and I stopped for lunch and what a treat.  The wait staff was super.  When my friend ordered iced tea, they actually brought a small container of simple syrup for him to sweeten his tea with.  I had the barbecued lamb cobb salad and it was amazing.  The bbq dry rub had a little kick and the lamb was rare and tender.  My friend had the roast pork sandwich.  The rub on the pork was fantastic.  My other friend had the mesa burger and said it was great.  Alot of people don't like Bobby Flay but his restaurant in Ceaser's was amazing.
5	I had dinner here with some friends this past Sunday night. I rarely use the terms amazing or great when describing a meal, but I've used both of those words to describe my dinner here. It was recommended to me by another fine-dining fanatic.Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: 4/5 - This wasn't like any tamale I've had before.New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin: 5/5 - This was so tender with great flavor.Bone In Chipotle Glazed Rib-Eye: 4.5/5 - It was juicy and was very flavorful with the glaze.Mashed Potatoes and Cilantro Pesto: 2/5 - It didn't have any flavor.Sauteed Spinach: 3/5 - It's just regular spinach, nothing special.Double Baked Potato: 4/5Service: 4/5Ambience: 4/5
4	Bobby Flay is a stud, the pork tenderloin and chicken is tender and flavorful.  And the sauce compliments everything extremely well.  You can tell a lot of thought and preparation were dedicated to the integration of flavors.Portions can be small for some.Will definitely go here again, especially when Caesars picks up the tab.
5	Went back for the third time this year....this place makes my Top 10 US restaurant list! This trip I had Grouper, but tasted the duck and the steak and had wonderful sides, Chipotle corn and Spinach, plus a grits appetizer that made me want to jump the next US Air flight to North Carolina.....wow! Incredible again and consistently great food and service, the mark of a great restaurant!"Uber-decadent" was an understatement!
4	I've been to his Burger Palace in Paramus and now to the more upscale Mesa Grill.                    The Mesa Burger was killer.  I was looking at the prixe fixe menu, at the buffalo burger in particular, and the waiter, a super cool dude who has family in Duxbury (or DELUX-bury, as I like to call it) and knew all kinds of hockey trivia - I will always remember that Gretzky started out with the Indianapolis Racers, I promise - suggested the Mesa Burger as being the better of the two, and it wasn't like he was steering me towards a more expensive selection.  The Margaritas, though pricey, were damn good - not shy on the booze, and after two I was really starting to feel that drink.
3	the food is good, but the selection is not that large, and they aren't fans of doing any substitutions.
5	I don't need to say much so I'll get to the point. I'm Mexican american and had lots of Mexican dishes. This restaurant has the best Mexican food I've ever had. Tiger shrimp tamale and the eggplant chile relleno are like anything you'll ever have.
5	Get the Roasted Corn Side - Trust me! Even with the severe hangover pain cause by a weekend in Las Vegas, I could tell this was an amazing restaurant.  Everything was great, but the secret treat was the Roasted Corn.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants of all time.  The roasted corn is delicious and the sweet potato tamale was incredible.  I am planning a second trip to Vegas next month just to eat here again.
4	I loved mesa grill. I am not a big fan of southwestern food, and a majority of the menu was stuff I wouldnt get, which was why I gave it 4 stars, and also because I was forced to choose from the brunch menu, even though I saw things on the lunch menu that I liked (we went on a sunday around noon) But I ended up getting a Honey ancho chile glazed salmon, which was AMAZING. Very flavorful. My girlfriend got a spicy chicken sweet potato hash with some hollandaise sauce. She absolutely loved her dish, I did as well. The decor is pretty neat, with colored paneling around the restaurant. I would go here again absolutely.
1	I had high hopes when I stopped by Mesa Grill for lunch in October of '09.  One would think that, given Bobby Flay's status as a Iron Chef, his propensity to whore himself out for Food Network top billing, and his smattering of establishments around the country that the food would be appropriately awesome.  I wouldn't expect it to be, for example, Joel Robuchon or Thomas Keller good---but at least as good as any other celebrity chef restuarant in Vegas.Mesa Grill, on the day I happened to dine there, was the worst restaurant I'd ever been to.  Easily.  I'm talking McDonald's bad.  Perhaps even Subway bad.  The service was slow and forgetful.  There was plenty of staff to go around so nobody was over-committed with tables.  They were just slow.  And forgetful.  And slow.  I ordered a chicken and blackbean quesadilla for an appetizer.  I followed that with the spicy pork sandwich.Both dishes were bland.  Very, very boring and bland.  There was no spice.  There was little flavor.  The presentation was tired, the flavors were muted, and the texture of all the food reminded me of fish cooked under a heat-lamp and then microwaved.  My pork sandwich was cooked RARE and served COLD.  Really?  I can understand, perhaps, serving the meat at room temperature but a cold, raw, pork sandwich shouldn't be served to dogs, much less paying guests.The decor is nice.  The location is nice.  The drinks are good.  The menu has a nice selection---which serves to trick you into thinking the food is actually tasty, hot, and worth money.  If this restaurant is in any way representative of the Bobby Flay line of establishments then our dear Iron Chef needs to spend more time being a chef and less time playing one on TV.  I would never recommend anyone go here.  Trust the food blogs, critics, and professionals who have given Mesa Grill consistently low marks over the course of its Vegas run---it truly is a terrible restaurant and an embarassment to "spicy" and "flavorful" cuisine everywhere.  Shame on you Bobby Flay.  Shame.
5	Everything I hoped for an more! This was where I went for my "special" dinner the first time I was in vegas and it was amazing. The European style seating encourages talking to your neighbor and peeking at their food. I had a pear margarita or something and it was delicious. I don't remember what I ate, but it was delicious. Every dish I saw looked amazing, and our server even let us peek at the kitchen. Quite a treat.
5	This was an OMG lunch experience for me.  I have been a fan of Bobby Flay on the food network for a while now. When my fiance mentioned he had a place in Vegas, there was no hesitation on my part to go their for lunch.  I know another reviewer (Chris O) had a terrible experience this week but for my fiance and I..it was wonderful.The location is in Caesar's Palace.  The smart thing they did here was enclose the restaurant in glass so those noisey gambling machines do not interfere with your eating.  The wait staff are sharply  dressed in pin strip vests and gray shirts.  Our waiter and bus/getting-the-bread-to-the-table guy both were well informed about the specials.  The "bread guy" even explained the type of bread we were about to consume.  What other restaurant does that?!  My fiance ordered the Mesa burger and I ordered the chicken skewered tacos.  Both were absolutely delicious.  What I liked most of the tacos were their portion sizes.  Perfect for lunch so would not feel "stuffed".  I forgot to mention they had a peach martini.  Very tasty and cute.  My fiance said he wished we had taken pictures of our food prior to eating.  We shared plates and the burger was quite juicy and thick.  Be careful of the ketchep.  Bobby found a way to spice that up too!  The fries were phenomenal.  Sorry Chris O but I have to totally disagree with you here.Mesa Grill is a place you should NOT avoid.  If you are in town for business and want a place to have a lunch meeting, Mesa Grill fits the bill.  Also a great place for couples.
3	When I lived in New York I always wanted to go to one of Bobby Flay's restaurants, but at the time they were way out of my budget. I'd thought about going when I went back and visited, but never did. So, when we were visiting Vegas and friends asked if we'd like to join them for Thanksgiving lunch at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill in Caesar's Palace, we said "for sure!"Mesa Grill was featuring a Thanksgiving menu, but we decided not to order from it. It would have been nice to actually have turkey on Thanksgiving, but we came to try the food that Flay is known for, and so we ordered from the regular menu. This is what we had:- Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: Corn-Cilantro Sauce- Goat Cheese "Queso Fundido": Rajas + Blue Corn Tortilla Strips- Oyster Special: Can't remember exactly what was in these, but they were cooked oysters put back in the shell with some sauce- New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin: Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce, Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan Butter- Southwestern Spiced Duck Breast: Carrot-Habanero Sauce, Chorizo-Goat Cheese Tamale + Thyme Butter- Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops: Tangerine-Roasted Jalapeno-Mint Sauce + Plantain Tamale with Molasses ButterI really liked the cheese appetizer, of course. Unlike other fundido I've had, the addition of goat cheese added a nice tanginess to the appetizer. I also really liked the tamale. For the entrees, I had the duck, Friend1 had the pork and Friend 2 and Friend 3 both got the lamb. We all tasted each other's food and everyone agreed that the pork was the tastiest. We all enjoyed the duck as well. It was agreed that the lamb was a disappointment. It didn't taste bad, but it wasn't flavorful at all. Overall, I was glad to try Flay's food, but I wasn't head over heels.
4	I'm mixed on celebrity chefs' restaurants, but thought I'd give Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill a try while at a conference recently.  Overall, I thought it lived up to much of the reputation that preceeded it.  The menu is diverse, and sounds delicious.  I really liked that the lunch menu had both lighter fare and hearty entrees.  The food itself was good.  Maybe not a home run, but certainly good.  In particular, the cheese fundido appetizer was quite simple, yet tasty.  My 16 spice chicken salad was good, but am not sure that it was way ahead of other good lunch salads I've had.Service was a bit rough at first, but got better as lunch went on.  Overall, I was pleased with the experience.  Too bad Yelp doesn't have a 1/2 star system.  It really deserves 3 1/2 stars, but I'm rounding up if for no other reason than it offered a nice respite from the sound of all the slot machines and cigarette smoke on the casino floor!
4	Visiting Vegas means splurging at least once on yourself.  This was my gift to me.  I've long wanted to dine at one of Bobby Flay's restaurants.  Not knowing when I'd have the opportunity again, I hiked all over Ceasar's Palace in my search for lunch.I like that they had a Prix Fixe lunch menu for those of us who want to tour around the menu and don't know where to start.  I loved my waitress Catherine, who while overstretched and busy, was attentive to a lone diner.  Without even having to ask, she searched out the pastry chef, realizing that there was a nut allergy, so that I could eat my lovely dessert.  I loved that they seated me at a table, instead of the bar, even with luggage in tow.For the appetizer I had  the blue Corn Pancake, which is a very succulent BBQ'd duck in a blue corn pancake with a habanero chile sauce with a hint of anise.   For the Entree I had the Seared Sea scallops.  I wish I knew what it was, I think the searing and basting method made it taste a little off.  The sweetness of the scallops was missing. For dessert the chef's selection was a Banana's Foster ice cream with a hazelnut brittle.  YUM I would give Mesa 3.75 stars I think.  Things didn't come off as expected of a Celebrity Chef experience. The bread served with the meal was cold.  My waitress was stretched beyond the limit, meaning I had to wait a considerable amount of time before I could touch my ice cream.  (Deathly allergic to macadamias...I don't mess around).  The appetizer, not the entree, stole the show.
4	Surprisingly good for a tourist trap. We popped in for lunch with no reservations and took advantage of a special anniversary special...three courses for $25. Considering all the meals we have had in Vegas, this was a relative bargain. Standouts included Sophie's Chopped Salad, the Mesa Burger, BBQ Lamb Cobb Salad, and Steak Sandwich. All of these dishes shared Bobby Flay's signature sensibilities...a bit of heat, a touch of sweetness, maybe a bit of tang, and a mixture of textures. While service was attentive and efficient, we felt somewhat rushed. And while we found lunch to be a bargain at these prices, I don't know if I would feel the same way about these entrees at the much higher dinner prices. Nevertheless, Mesa Grill was a pleasant surprise.
5	In Caesar's Palace, down Cleopatra's Way and across from the pirate boat, you'll find Mesa Grill.  If you're a fan of Bobby Flay, you would pay a visit too.We came without reservations and waited 20 minutes.  We tried our hand at gambling but failed miserably and walked away with $2.  Bobby Flay is the boy next door and is known for his crazy spicy tex-mex dishes.  This restaurant could use a face lift.  I didn't care for the primary colors and the decor but I wasn't here for the decor, just the food.Boy meets grill here indeed.  We got started with blue corn muffins and an appetizer of chicken tacos.  They were three tiny tacos but absolutely delicious and mouth watering.  The peanut BBQ sauce was delicious and had pieces of chopped peanuts that added a sweet touch to the tacos. Our main course was the Chile Rellano and Pork Tenderloin with a side of mashed potatoes. The Pork Tenderloin was served with an ancho chile sauce that was hot and topped with a pecan butter sauce and plated with a sweet potato tamale.  My Chile Rellano was a chile stuffed with eggplant and cheese.  It was drizzled with sweet red pepper sauce and balsamic vinegar.  I don't really like eggplant but paired up with a chile and manchego cheese and a superb cornmeal crust; I was in heaven.The mashed potato side was topped with a green chile queso sauce that was absolutely mouth watering. We devoured that as soon as it hit the table.  Our only wish is that the blue corn muffins were served warm but we can overlook that.We didn't have room for dessert but we were licking our fingers after a superb 5 star meal.  This is a pricey meal - almost $100 for the two of us but it was worth it.
4	Awesome... Definitly one of our mainstays when we are in Vegas...consistent...Knocked a star off because the menu needs updating.  Our favs are the pork tenderloin and the yucatan tacos. Delicious.
4	FAAAANTASTIC!!!So last time my gf and I were in Vegas, I got her to try Mesa Grill. It wasn't easy!The GOOD: The atmosphere, the service, and the best part...THE FOOD! I ordered the Rib-Eye, DEEELISH! One of the best Rib-Eyes I've ever had. If you like steak at all, treat yourself to this! My gf ordered some kind of tamale if I'm not mistaken, it also was amazing. The bread basket for appetizer had some extremely tasty breads and crackers.The BAD: It's not cheap, but what do you expect, it's a celebrity chef restaurant!The UGLY: I'll have to wait to go to Vegas to have that ridiculously good Rib-Eye.
5	Mr. Flay, you are a culinary genius my friend.  There are really four simple rules to dining at Mesa Grill. The first is quite obvious.  Make reservations. Next up, order yourself a wild mushroom quesadilla with white bean hummus and white truffle oil. It can be shared, but be selfish about it and get your own.  It's that good!  Next rule.  When ordering your entree, look only at the cornmeal crusted chile relleno.  For the fourth and final rule, order yourself the mashed potatoes with green chile queso sauce.  I've got no clue how Mr. Flay does what he does so well, but that man knows what he's doing.  Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable and knew what she was talking about when it came time to answering questions about the menu.  A wonderful dining experience.  We'll be sure to go back on our next trip to Sin City.
4	It's great!  I was never a huge fan of Bobby Flay until I ate here.I don't think it's overly priced.  It's about $50/person.  I would've loved to try their desserts, but I was too full.  I ordered the chicken and it was moist! Couldn't really believe it when I bit into it.  Moist, juicy and the sauce was so yummy!
2	Bobby Flay, you suck.I do not know how you train your staff... but they refer to you as some sort of a religious figure.  I mean, when your server begins almost every sentence with "This is Mr. Flay's famous..." it becomes quite annoying after awhile.I felt like the server was trying to teach me how great you were.  And constantly, we were reminded of your greatness.  What's up with that?  Maybe we should have ordered more wine.  We only had a glass each.Let's talk about food.  The chicken casadia... it was good.  Tasty!  But it was no different than I would make at home, but with addition of sauce made of pureed chillis.  Really?  Come on.. I had the special of day, which was halibut, in a spicy red broth.  Again, nothing special.  I have definitely had much better fish dishes at much lower caliber restaurants.  Sorry Bobby Flay.... not impressed.  Maybe I will check out your restaurant in NY.
2	My "Tender loin something sandwich" just tasted like a Lunchable's ham & cheese cracker.
5	Sadly  I can only give Mesa grill 5 stars.This was our second time there.  We had two appetizers: Goat Cheese "Queso Fundido" Rajas + Blue Corn Tortilla Strips and Yucatan Chicken Tacos Grilled Red Onion + Peanut-Smoked Chile Barbecue Sauce. Both were amazing.  I had the 22 OZ Bone In Chipotle Glazed Rib-EyeRed + Green Chile Sauce. This is the best rib-eye I've ever had.  It's enough for two.  The center was less well-done then I normally prefer, but cooking this steak anymore would have ruined the marbling.  Naomi had the Pork Tenderloin.  We both agreed the Rib Eye was much better.  The pork tasted, well like pork. nothing special.  The Mashed Potatoes + Green Chile Queso Sauce were excellent, and the perfect side to the Rib-Eye.
5	I've never been a huge fan of southwestern food. or bobby flay for that matter. he always exuded a pompous jackass sort of flair whenever i saw him on food network. but alas, not even i can deny, the man knows his cooking.we kind of decided to come here on a spur of the moment decision, my boyfriend and i still a bit wary to be paying $$$$ when we were so disappointed with stripsteak (and the hour wait didn't make us feel any better), but upon urges by a friend (and my own curiosity), we decided to go for it.the restaurant itself is very straight forward. a very "man" restaurant to say the least. some flair, no frills dining. the service was impeccable. our waitress was super sweet, and treated us like we were regulars; i only wish i remembered her name to give her props. 5+ stars for service.we started off with the wild mushroom quesadilla, a spur of the moment choice by my boyfriend and an amazing one at that. mushrooms cooked to perfection, and the hummus not overwhelming at all.i had the southwestern spiced duck breast and my boyfriend had chef flay's specialty, the new mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with a side of the cornmeal crusted anaheim chile relleno. needless to say, my duck was tender, moist, and melt in your mouth fabulousness, but the flavor. oh me oh my, what spice, what balance, what awesome deliciousness. i also had a bite of my boyfriend's pork tenderloin and his chile relleno, both divine. i must give mad props to bobby flay and his knowledge of chiles. it was an even heat, at first bite, was subtle and tender, but with each moment, progressed into a heatness full and bountiful, it filled the entire mouth to a brimming point, but leaving the diner wanting more. very nom. and something few chefs have been able to do. 5+ for foodi really wish i could say that bobby flay was all hype, but honestly, credit must be given where it's due. here is a toast to a true iron chef.
4	the bread basket was disappointing, the lamb main entree was pretty good.  the duck appetizer was full of flavor.  the margarita was so delish i got another.  i would want to come back for drinks and light dinner.  i'm a big fan of bobby flay and would like to try other things on the menu.
2	My aunt wanted to come here SO badly on our last trip to Vegas. She loves watching Bobby Flay and eventhough I am not really into his cooking, I wanted to make her happy. The hostesses were very nice because I had to change my reservation time and number of our party about 3 times but they didnt give me a hassle and were most gracious every time. They were the best part of this restaurant. We were sat right in front of the main kitchen which was nice to see them grillin and cookin. We were given ONE small basket of breads, muffins and cakes since it was lunch time. For a party of 9, I didnt think it was enough but we just shared. The jalapeno biscuits were the best item in the basket. The food: One common ingredient throughout....SPICE!I ordered the pumpkin soup which had great flavor, but was spicy with pepper and cumin. Good, but too much spice for me. Most of us ordered the Mesa burger which was, nothing special. It was large but thats it. They serve it with a horseradish mustard which I dont like but pretty much other than that there was a piece of lettuce in it. The fries that come with it were completely overly spiced up. I couldnt even see the fries! Gross man, it was like eating a jar of mixed spice. Yuck. Two others got the Salmon and it was just okay. Then the biggest flop by Bobby Flay ever. The pineapple upside down cake was so gross I had to force myself to swallow it. Im so sorry but pepper does not belong in this dessert. This guys spices everything but not in a good way. We also ordered the chocolate cake dessert and it was not that great. I wouldnt recommend this restaurant with all the other choices in Vegas.
5	Excellent food!! I had the salmon and it was perfect.  I can tell why Bobby Flay is famous. I will be back for more on my next trip to Vegas.
5	The best spot in the Caesar's Empire hands down.Great service, great atmosphere, great food, even a great price!  What more can you ask for?  Oh, I know - one of these down the street from my house!I'll be returning here for brunch, or possibly dinner, the next time I'm in Vegas no matter where I am staying, it was that good.
4	This review is for the Brunch Menu.I adore Chef Bobby Flay. Love watching him on Iron Chef, I follow his tweets and he has awesome burger tips. Ok, if you're expecting to see some Thomas Keller or Michael Mina action here, don't be fooled, you ain't gonna get it here. If you want a fine dining experience, go to a Keller, Mina or Ogden establishment.With that being said, the price point for brunch was spot on (below Payard's) and the food looked and tasted good. Loved the bread basket! My fav: the jalapeno biscuits. Inquiry: What's the difference between cactus pear iced tea and regular iced tea? Both looked the same and I wasn't sure if I even got it.Bobby's version of Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles is amazing. I recommend it. Overall, brunch was solid. If you can't get into Payard's, Mesa Grill is another good option.
2	Upon entering the restaurant, one of the men in our group of eight was asked to remove his fedora hat. They said that it was a hotel policy that hats are not allowed in the dining room of the restuarants, yet we also dined in Rao's and 9 and people wore hats in both dining rooms. We sat near the kitchen, and a man in a sweatshirt and knit ski cap leaned against the kitchen window throughout our entire meal. When we asked why he could wear a hat, the manager said that hats were allowed in the lounge. If they are going to implement a dress code they should start with shorts and sweatshirts, and make their guests aware of the policy.As far as the food, they were out of three dishes and had no specials. I ended up ordering Sophies chopped salad which should be on the kids menu, it was mostly cheese cubes, tortilla chips and garbanzo beans. For dinner I ordered a coffee rubbed filet, which was so spicy, I went through a tube of tums while out after dinner. The shrimp in the tamale appetizer was good.The margaritas were too sweet. The margaritas at Dos Caminos in Palazzo are much better.
3	Good: 5 Stars, the most amazing meal I've had in ages - thought Bobby Flay's restaurant would just trade on his celebrity status, but really the food was phenomenal. Also reasonably priced for the quality of the food:Bad: Service - we had a waitress who just wanted to chat it seemed like. I don't know why, but it seems as if she spent half the time just standing over us and talking about Los Angeles, what we did, etc... Ugly: Our group tipped $50 on a $300 meal (which is just north of 15% which we thought was generous considering the service and the non-stop chatting) as we were getting up to leave she says to us "did you mean to only tip $50?" Normally the last encounter with the waitress would have ruined the evening for us, but the food was just that good!!!
2	Mesa Grill was extremely overpriced and the service was annoying. I understand it's Vegas, but for the prices, I expected better, quieter service. Our waiter came up every five minutes trying to take our plates, pouring water in between us and our conversations, asking questions... I understand being diligent but this was annoying. The pork loin was the best thing any of us got. It was definitely very good. So was the shrimp tamale. I think that's actually the best thing on the menu, but quite rich so you can split that and the pork with someone and be totally satisfied as the portions are huge.One of us had the coffee crusted steak, and the rub was just too spicy to really enjoy the meat. The fish was bland and slightly overcooked. Desserts were awful. Seriously, how hard is it to make good churros? The donuts at a fast food restaurant are better!If you are a fan of Bobby Flay's other restaurants -- Bar Americain is one of my favorites -- you will be very disappointed here. The quality, service and atmosphere are just so mediocre it really disappoints. Oh, and the price - I think it's more expensive than eating in his restaurant in Manhattan, which is just mind-boggling because this is Vegas, for God's sake.
4	Mmmm.  What a great place.  We got lunch here and it was fantastic.  Be warned, portions are very very small though which ends up making this place quite expensive.  I had the Salmon, which was very tasty.  Such a delicate smokey flavor it had.  The duck appetizer was good but a bit too sweet for my tastes.  The chicken tacos were tasty as well, but are better suited as an appetizer than an entree.  Many types of margaritas to choose from and lots of good tequilas.  I would go back.
4	Oh what a fabulous place to dine!  Came here with my sis and a friend- exceptional service!  Our waiter was friendly and had a great sense of humor.  Ordered a couple of drinks, then on to the food- We ordered the tiger shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamale.. it was fabulous!  Ive only recently acquired a taste for shrimp- the only seafood I will eat, and it really was just delectable!My entree was the coffee rubbed filet mignon, and we shared a side of the mashed potatoes w/ green chile queso sauce. YUMMMM!  Both dishes were absolutely phenomenal! Not to mention that fabulous breadbasket they served - the jalepeno bread was to die for!  For me it wasnt too spicy, but very well seasoned.  my sister thought it was spciy, but still great.. definitely would make a trip back here again.  Do make sure to make reservations- it seems to get really packed.  Service was prompt and the waiters oh so courteous! Good job Bobby Flay!
5	Me..oh my. So far I have deemed MESA as my favorite restaurant, hands down!!So yes, we did have to have a reservation because if we didn't we would be amongst the many hungry smoke stenched patrons waiting to be seated. But it was worth it!!For starters, we had cocktails at the bar. The bar menu didn't list all their beers, just the imported foo-foo ones which had my husband scratching his head until the bartender told him the domestic beers weren't listed but they do serve them. I started off with their hot-pink cactus-pear margarita...it was fresh, tangy and just mouth-watering! Could I say, THEE best margarita I've ever tasted? I proceeded to throw back two more during dinner.Appetizers: Yucatan Chicken Tacos - Absolutely delicious! The Peanut-Smoked Chile Barbecue Sauce was reminiscent of Pad Thai Sauce...after the tacos were done, my husband sopped up the remaining sauce with the YUMMY dinner rolls...Overall, I highly recommend you try them!Our waiter was awesome! The customer service at MESA was just as good as the food. I had on a black dress and the server returned back with a black napkin so the white fibers wouldn't get on my dress (I mean really? This ol' thang?!). He did the same for my husband as well. It was a fairly busy Saturday night and he made sure he was readily available to us. Huge Plus for me :)Dinner Entrees: I have been dying to try their pork tenderloin since I had seen so many reviews gushing about them. I don't usually eat pork so I chickened out at the last second and got the Southwestern Spiced Duck Breast. Once again, I fell in love with the sauce, Carrot-Habanero Sauce. It complimented the meat beautifully! There was a side of the Chorizo-Goat Cheese Tamale and it melted in my mouth. The dish was awesome....however, halfway through the dish...my husband and I split...to truly appreciate the dishes :) As soon as I tasted the Pork Tenderloin, I felt an orgasm in my mouth. I kid you not. That dish was as perfect as it could get.Dessert: We were so full after that but my taste buds couldn't get enough. We ordered dessert to get the full experience. We ordered the Cafe con Leche Flan (Espresso Caramel) and it was so light and perfectly sweet. A calm ending to an overall amazing dinner.MUSTS:- Cactus-Pear Margarita- Yucatan Chicken Tacos- New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork TenderloinBUSTS:- Wow...none huh? I was in heaven...MESA is the reason I created a yelp ha
3	While Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is a bit uneven overall (and don't expect to see Mr. Flay here when there aren't TV cameras following him), I will say this: they have one of the best burgers in a town full of very good burgers. An almost baseball-like hand shaped charcoal grilled patty, sits under two melted cheeses, grill-smothered white onion tomato and leaf lettuce on--surprisingly--an untoasted, fairly bland bun. Clearly the flavors within (and everything augments the juicy, smoky burger, nothing overwhelms) don't need any help. I recommend you request the crispy, slightly spicy "Adobo fries" which normally come with the (sloppy, confusing) Media Noche burger, instead of the "Southwest fries" which usually come with the regular burger.
5	Best meal of my life! Perfect ammount of spice and sweet. The pork tenderloin is not to be missed.I even used the Mesa Grill cookbook and tried to make it at home because I wanted to have it again! I am going to go back and order the same thing on the next trip to Las Vegas.
5	Hands down one of the best meals that I have ever had in my life.  The pork tenderloin is out of this world! I mean to die for!  And the prickly pear margarita - yeah, top notch.  It was all excellent!  The wine list isn't extensive but there some good - and reasonably priced (for Vegas) selections.Just eat here!
5	I love this place!!! I come to Vegas once a quarter and I don't leave Vegas without going to Mesa at leat once. The Ribeye is to die for. The blue corn muffins are flake & light, The tamales are great, and don't get me started on the side dishes, they are just awesome!!!! By now I must have tried everything there.
3	Yes, I'm a Bobby Flay fanboy when it comes to the Food Network.  But having stayed at Caesars so many times, I finally had a chance to dine at Mesa Grill.I had the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops and these came out perfectly.  I'm a fan of the sweet n spicy southwestern flavors so the sauces really come together .  I also had the brussel sprouts for the side w/ pomegranate seeds which were a little too sweet for my taste, like they were marinated in the juice.One thing I noticed was that the meats tend to come more undercooked than you would expect.  Someone ordered a medium well strip and it came out...red n bloody.  Not even pink.  It wasn't perfect but will deserve repeat visit...maybe.  But given a chance to check out something new I'd go there first before coming back to Flayland as I was somewhat expecting a little more.Prices are decent for such a marquee restaurant.  Just throw a bill down on BJ in the PCD pit outside and you'll be covered.
3	I absolutely LOVE the Food Network, so when I wasn't in the mood for a full-on buffet, my friends and I went to Mesa Grill for brunch. I was looking forward to this meal, but was disappointed. I ordered the Barbequed Lamb Salad and the lamb was dry and not appetizing at all. The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is that the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles were amazing.
5	As soon as we were seated our server came over and was among the friendliest servers we've ever encountered. He was instantly like an old friend. The waiter explained that the house tequilas were all 100% blue agave, so I ordered a house margarita. I will say hands down that it was the best margarita I've ever had (and I have had a lot of them!!) We were served jalapeno cornbread that my husband really loved but I found too crumbly. We ordered the crispy squid appetizer and it definitely lived up to the description. The dish was simply calamari, but they aren't joking that it is crispy. I was just slightly disappointed that the menu wasn't the same as the menu posted outside the restaurant. I was really looking forward to that roasted corn soup they advertised!For our main entrees we both had trouble deciding so we asked our server for guidance and he was very helpful. I had the green chile cioppino and the husband had the pork loin. The green chile cioppino was heavenly and I was so sad I didn't get more broth! I wanted to lick the bowl clean. I wish the cioppino was served with rice instead of a chunk of unsavory cornbread in the bowl, but other than that I was very happy with this dish. I was not a fan of the pork loin because it was crusted with something that tasted very strong and spicy and I didn't get any pork flavor. However, my husband looked like he was in a state of bliss so I let him eat as much as he wanted. We were very tipsy at this point so we decided to skip dessert and hit the tables. I would highly recommend this place to anyone but its probably best if you like bold and spicy flavors. We had others who were on dates around us but also many large groups of friends and right next to us there was a big group of drunk, rowdy businessmen. This place is loud and open so its not a good place for people who desire a quiet, intimate atmosphere.The servers here really know how to deliver service. When I stood up to use the restroom I asked a server where it was. He walked me halfway to the front so I could see it before he pointed it out to me. In addition, if you walk by any servers they immediately give you a wide berth as though you are some sort of royalty. I also like it when I leave the table and return to find that the server has folded my napkin. To me, that's the mark of truly excellent table service.
3	I have to say, we were a tad disappointed with our Saturday brunch at Mesa Grill -- and we really didn't want to be.The host staff was able to get us in without a reservation within 15 minutes -- so kudos to them, even tho' Caesars' was rocking with the Saints - Cards playoff game.  We were seated & greeted by our waiter in a timely manner, who did a nice job, overall.  He gave us the time to peruse the brunch menu & ask a few questions -- he, too, made a few suggestions -- the Mesa Grill margarita & Mesa Grill burger.Hubby ordered a MG margarita (Loved it!) -- I stuck with water for brunch.  Then service slowed down,  I guess the kitchen was backed up, and our waiter was relatively attentive (until "bill" time -- when they all seem to disappear).We ordered the Tenderloin Tartar for an appetizer -- great flavors -- capers & a nice amount of acid with a creamy caper aoili on top, with grilled bread as a side.  Nice flavors -- hit the spot -- set a high standard.We also received the typical breadbasket with some hits & some misses -- the blue corn muffins were so dry they were almost inedible, but the blueberry crumble bar was divine & the little corn muffins with fresh jalapenos were delicious.  The cranberry & fruit/nuts muffin was ok.Our entrees, however, were not up to par.  Hubby got the MG Burger, ordered medium with a pink center.  Flavors were good, bread was nice, tomatoes were fresh; but, even though the burger was pink in the middle, it was incredibly dry -- almost inedible.  Not sure why?  Pulled off grill to sit & wait during the rush?I ordered the spicy chicken with sweet potato hash w/ poached eggs and green chile hollandaise.  The eggs & hollandaise were great -- would order again if I could have them on some other starch.  The chicken-sweet potato hash was incredibly sweet -- not enough savory or heat to offset the sweetness.  It was way, way beyond the average sweetness of a baked sweet potato -- not sure what was added to make it so sweet.  I ended up eating the eggs, etc. off of the hash & leaving the rest.Then, it was time to leave -- and our ever-attentive waiter disappeared.  We ended up doing the "leave the credit card on the table" trick to get his attention, so we didn't even look at the bill before he took our credit card -- but, we were just happy to have him swipe the card & get going.The Tendeloin tartar was all Chef Flay can be, but the signature MG Burger was so far short of our expectations and. I'm sure, of Chef Flay's expectations, that I would have to believe the burger was a fluke.  The chicken-sweet potato hash needs reworking as far as I'm concerned.  Not enough heat or flavor profile to offset the sweet.  Go back?  Probably not -- Las Vegas has enough other wonderful restaurants that I'm not inclined to start repeating until we've gone through most of the other ones.  It's a shame -- I do like Chef Flay's cooking, even though I like to joke about the plethora of chipotles.Chef Flay -- please look into these comments -- I realize you have restaurants all over the country -- but when your line cooks can't get your signature burger right -- you have to wonder.  I truly hate to give you 3 stars, I had hoped it would be an out-of-the-ballpark 5 star brunch; but with high expectations and the high standards that I'm sure you set for your kitchen staff, I was more than slightly disappointed in the quality and character of the food we received.
2	I admit it. I'm a foodie and I have high standards. I eat out a lot in New York. I'd heard good things about the NYC Mesa Grill, so I figured this place would at least have some edible food. Error on my part.The food bumps this review down to one star. The waitstaff could not have been nicer, which I why I'm bumping it back up to two. But honestly, don't you usually go to a place like this for the food?There are three sauces: an off-white one, an orange one and a dark brown one. Add some combination of these three to a meat or veggie substance and you've got your entire menu. Creative, it ain't. Our party of eight tried just about everything.Not much flavor to the sauces or the dishes in general. Boring is the word that comes to mind. What kills me is that our waiter spent about half his time telling us "don't worry, nothing on the menu is spicy!" He might as well have said "don't worry, nothing on the menu is flavorful!" I have no problem with mild food, but it's a little weird at a southwestern themed restaurant.I can recommend the cactus pear cocktail though. That was tasty, and maybe after a few of them you won't notice the lack of flavor in the food.
5	In one word - fantastic!  This was everything we had hoped for when we made the reservation.  We started with the house margaritas which were very good.  A nice blend of sweet and sour.  We ordered the tuna nachos which were great - melt in your mouth sashimi tuna with a nice chili bite.  We definitely want to try to make these at home!  My wife had the chile relleno and thought it was probably the best meal she has ever had!  The waiter convinced me to try the special - venison chops with a blueberry-chili sauce.  I'm not a big venison fan, but this was also very good.  The service was attentive, but relaxed.  The total damage was $160 including tip for 3 drinks, an appetizer, and 2 entrees.
5	Coming here is never a disappointment. From their appetizers to their desserts, everything here is always so good! We had their brussel sprouts as a side dish once (mixed with pomegranate and topped with pine nuts) and boy was it good! Who ever thought brussel sprouts would be delicious! I decided to make the same dish and got a copy of Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill cookbook. My bf refuses to eat vegetables, but somehow he loves this dish. Besides the side dishes, his entrees are always delicious. This place is great for dates.
4	I came here a few years ago and it was the experience that opened my eyes to the wonderful word of Vegas restaurants. Despite having tasted this a few years ago, I can still remember the tenderness of the meat and the grand flavor.  I ordered the steak medium rare and the it came to me still dripping in blood (the way i like it). It was one of the best steaks I've ever had. i'm not sure if i can say the same now, but i'm sure it hasn't changed much.
4	delicious food from Bobby Flay - food items were perfectly prepared and seasoned well.Make a reservation, because the place gets packed, but if you cannot make it, they will charge you a fee.
4	We went here with good friends last weekend. We laughed when we were sat because 5:15 was the latest we could get a table reservation until 10:00 and for a while we were the only ones. I didn't have a drink- one friend had the house margarita and didn't say anything about it, and another had a bloody mary which she raved about during and after the meal. The bread basket was excellent- good variety and all very tasty. For main courses I was the only one who didn't have a 5 star meal. Husband had the chicken which was great, and came with very creamy chive mashed potatoes. One friend got the special which was short ribs which he liked a lot, and his fiance got the lamb chops. This seriously was enough meat for 4 people. A very good amount of food. I got the duck and it was probably three stars. My first few bites were quite gamey, but after that died down I realized that the spice crust on the outside of the duck was VERY cumin heavy. I don't like cumin, and  as the description of the dish is "southwestern spiced duck" I really didn't think it would be full of cumin. No one else's spice-rubbed, southwestern dishes had cumin at all. Very odd.  Also, the tamale which was supposed to have both goat cheese, which I love, and thyme butter, tasted like neither and was a bit dry. However, the flavor problem I had is not the restaurants fault except for description, so I can't really fault them for that. Also everyone else's food was so good that I just picked something not good for me.The service was very good- I drink at least 1-2 liters of water at a meal and they kept up! When we left at 6:15 I couldn't believe what we saw: crowded restaurant, crowded waiting area, people eating at the lounge-area with plates on their laps. It was very crazy! Make sure to get a reservation early, order anything but the duck and you'll be fine!
5	Bobby Flay is abnormally egotistical and incredibly unlikable on TV at times, but his cooking--no complaints there. I've fallen in love with Tex-Mex, New American, whatever it is... It's freakin' fantastic.Brunch was nothing short of solid. We began with the Rough Cut Tuna "Nachos" (think ahi poke with tortilla chips). The mango-habanero hot sauce was absolutely to-die-for--sweet and spicy, it complemented the fresh tuna perfectly. Next we had the Spicy Chicken + Sweet Potato Hash and the Mesa Burger. The hash was beautiful, flavorful, wonderful, especially with the green chile hollandaise sauce. The burger was huge and smoky, and the southwestern fries addictive. I love how all the dishes had a kick to them. Foodgasm!One of my favorite meals in Vegas. Bobby needs to open a restaurant in SF--I am willing to deal with his ego silence.
5	There were so many delicious sounded options on the menu but thanks to  Yelp I tried the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin  and it was seriously some of the best pork tenderloin I've ever had.  The portions are very pretty good for the price you pay.  I also got to tried my friends Sixteen Spiced Crusted Chicken and the Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon and the chicken was very juicy and tasty.  Usually I avoid chicken dishes because I'm afraid they're dry, but this was very good.For appetizers we had the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Tamale and the Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ'd Duck (both recommended by our server).  I wish I could have another bite of the duck again, it was fantastic.  Very juicy, and flavorful.Can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
4	I really liked Mesa Grill.  Yes, I went here because of Bobby Flay.  No, I don't think he's pretentious (but maybe he is, I've never met him :P).They first brought out some breads -- blueberry spice muffin of some sort, jalapeno corn bread, fruit scone, coffee cake.  I was surprised that it wasn't just regular bread and butter but I liked it more!  Jalapeno corn bread was a bit bland though so it could use a little something.  The blueberry spice muffin thing was a bit strange.  The coffee cake was pretty good!To drink, I got the cactus pear iced tea.  The waiter wasn't hesitant to recommend this one, and I'm really glad I got it.  Tastes mainly just like iced tea but has a subtler sweetness from the pear, though I have to admit I didn't taste the "cactus."  They also brought out liquid sugar and knowing how much I love sugary iced tea, this was ideal!  Free refills too :).Next, I got the pork tenderloin sandwich with Southwestern mesquite fries.  The pork wasn't pulled pork (don't know why I expected that), but it was juicy and tender (not dry at all) and had a good kick of a spice to it!  Bread was grilled panini-style and the sandwich was really good!  The fries were well-seasoned but still needed ketchup.Ended with a chocolate corn bread pudding and it tasted pretty good, good amount of spongey-ness to the corn bread pudding and was drenched in some chocolatey sauce, though I have to say I think I tasted a bit of cheesiness to the sauces (like a cheesecake thing) and I didn't like that too much since I don't like cheesecake, but maybe that was just me.I didn't finish most of my fries and didn't finish half my sandwich and had to force myself to eat the dessert and I was sooo full.  It's pretty pricey for a sandwich and fries ($16) and dessert ($11) but I'm really glad I went.  Definitely more affordable for brunch than dinner.
4	Wow totally better than I expected.  This is not like a Wolfgang Puck's place but actually seems to be influenced by the chef himself.  The menu surprised me by being really heavy on fish, but I got some and it was good.
2	We have eaten at this place before and really loved the food.   This time (Jan 26) we were so disappointed! The service was sooo bad we didn't couldn't enjoy the food.  Just wanted to get out.  We had to wait after being seated for a long time, practically ignored and the food was just dumped at the table .  Poor, poor. The food was tasty, have to say, but we probably won't go back.  There are just too many  other excellent places that want your business.
5	Did not want to get caught up in the Bobby Flay hype and wanted to manage my expectations.  Went there on a Saturday night to celebrate my dad's birthday with the family. Had a party of 7.  Service was fantastic and food was great!  The tamales are fantastic, the pork tenderloin spicy and incredible.  Also sampled and enjoyed the lamb chops and filet.  Bread basket has awesome jalepeno corn muffins.Cocktails were very good as well!  Highly recommended
5	Mesa grill is easily one of the best fine dining places we have been to.  We went there with great expectations (fact that it's by Bobby Flay, reviews here on yelp, and also recommendations from friends), and yet they didn't disappoint us at all.  We went there on Christmas day so thank god we made reservationFirst of all, service was excellent.  They answered all of our questions on the menu very clearly.  Our food also came very timely and never felt pressured or left out.On to the food.  Bobby is famous for his southwestern style cooking, so heat is commonly found in his dishes.  We had the spicy salmon and tuna tartar.  It was delicious.  Definitely had the heat, but we just kept on dipping into the salmon and tuna one after another.  I ordered the ribeye medium rare, and it's so mouth watering, definitely one of the best steak I have had.  It's HUGE (18oz or so bone in), but yet it was grilled perfectly throughout.  The sauce was very interesting, and it wasn't too greasy and I had no problem eating the whole thing.My wife ordered the grouper, it was also quite big in portion, and the fish was cooked perfectly as well, very moist and tasty.  She loved that dish a lot.The entrees are served without sides so we ordered the mashed potatoes and the sprout / pecans side dishes.  Both were prepared perfectly too, though the sprout dish was a bit on the greasy side.  Again the portion was quite a lot.For dessert (yes, we made it to dessert round) we had the coconut layered cake.  The waiter warned us to share one, and he was right.  The cake was big....  I would say it's pretty "normal" for a dessert, still good, but didn't stand out like our previous dishes.Overall, make sure you go to Mesa Grill with an empty stomach, their portions are big but at the same time excellent.  Price is definitely $$$$, but imho you get a lot in return.  BIG THUMB UP!
3	Like many Las Vegas restaurants whose homes are inside the luxury hotels along the strip, Mesa Grill has an impressive space decked out in top-of-the line furniture and decor complete with a seating lounge area and full bar. Our group of 8 made a reservation here for brunch on a Saturday. We waited around 10 minutes in the lounge before getting seated. The menu for brunch had great variety ranging from your typical breakfast items with eggs, to lunch items like hamburger and dinner-like items like salmon and roasted chicken but of course each choice is riddled with Bobby Flay flair. I'm not a big fan of tex mex, so I opted for the Hamburger. LIke my review, this burger was A-OK. I didn't favor the ciabatta bread and there really wasn't anything too special about the meat or fixings. The fries on the other hand was a nice change. It had a chipotle dusting over it and what impressed me most was the horseradish mustard. I've never had anything quite like it before. Other than the food and decor, our service was top-notch. Out main waiter was very knowledgeable about the food and always there to bring us everything we needed. The busboys were attentive with the drinks/water and clearing out the food. I probably wouldn't go here again just because I was not that impressed with the food but it was more due to my own taste. I'd recommend it for others to try though.
4	We (4) went for Friday lunch with no reservation on the weekend of Super Bowl and only had to wait 5 minutes for a table.Terrific service from our waiter who explained the highlights of the menu without talking down to us. From the margaritas and mojitos to the Queso to the entrees everything was delicious and VERY flavorful. Two of us had the huge Mesa Burger, one had the shrimp tacos and  I had the Chicken & Sweet potato hash.  As a matter of fact, it was so good that Sunday my husband and I went back for brunch.  We were up a bit early (10:30am) and there weren't many places open for brunch (which we thought was odd) but in checking around we found Mesa Grill was open and had a brunch menu (rather than just the usual lunch fare that many restaurants serve).We had the bacon & hash brown quesedilla topped with a fried egg (the bacon was smokey and wonderful) and the Egg Sirloin Tortilla which is essentially fajitas with eggs & steak (and nice spicy garnishes).  The bread bowl mix was toward sweet breads (as one would expect) and they were all delicious.  And one of the best spicy Bloody Marys I've ever had.  I usually think most celebrity chef restaurants are forgettable and we'd planned just to stop for a drink and maybe an appetizer..., but this one was good enough to visit twice in one weekend.  I'll definitely be back!
2	Looks like I'm the minority reviewer with a lower rating here... but it just wasn't anything special (for the price).We came here for lunch, so I really do not know about dinner.  Here is the rundown:First off... the menu is very limited.  I really expected more of a selection.  Points off there.  For the app, we had the queso which was really good.  Great mixture of cheeses.  There were not enough of the blue corn chips though.  Come on Bobby... for another penny or two throw a few more of those on the plate!  For lunch, the pork tenderloin sandwich was very good.  The panini style sandwich was crispy, and the spices were perfect and the pork was tender.  The only real downside was the size... not too much filling the sandwich.  The southwestern fries that came with it were not very good at all... more points off.  Some were soggy and/or oily, and the seasoning was just meh.  Points could have been added if a good dipping sauce came with it.  I stole my buddies horseradish mustard to use.Service was very good overall with a few flaws.  We did not get the basket of bread until half way through our meal, and they were a bit slow on the response when we needed something.  Otherwise our waiter did a good job and was attentive.The major points off here are for the price.  It simply was not worth the money.  For 2 burgers, 1 pork sandwich, 1 app and regular drinks... the bill was very close to $100 with tax and tip.  My good was decent with flaws, and the burger was nothing special either (although good).  Do yourself a favor...if you want selection and a decent cost, try somewhere else.
5	Excellent! I was a bit apprehensive eating here because it is a celebrity chef restaurant and a chain, but being a fan of Bobby Flay and having heard good things I had to try it. I was very pleasantly surprised, the staff were great, very knowledgeable and very welcoming. The food was delicious, we had the Ahi Tuna and the green pepper cioppino as well as the brussels sprouts as a side dish. Being a big lover of good cioppino the green pepper base really intrigued me, venturing out of the traditional tomato base, and it was brilliant! I do not know how to describe it without not doing it justice so I will just say go eat it, it is the best cioppino I have ever had, the fish, scallops, and lobster that were in it were cooked perfectly and the green pepper broth was so delicious, so so delicious! Aside from the cioppino the Tuna was also very good, and the brussels sprouts were cooked with pomegrante seeds which was seriously tasty. All in all, when in vegas there are a ton of options to eat at, but you should eat here!
4	Sat at the bar. Ordered jalapeno scrambled eggs and some orange juice. The juice was good. The eggs were good. The bread was awesome. It's a nice enough place to pop down for some quick breakfast or lunch when at Caeser's.
4	Nothing spectacular or mind-blowingly delicious but Mesa Grill definitely exceeded my expectations.  I'm not a fan of Bobby Flay, nor do I believe in defiling quality meats with spicy rubs and marinades but Mesa Grill does it right.  I shared 2 appetizers and 2 entrees with 3 girls - we had the duck stuffed blue corn pancake (so good!) and the rough cut tuna nachos (eh).   The pork tenderloin was our favorite dish.  It was super tender and the spicy rub and habanero sauce gave it an awesome kick.  The tamale that came with the pork was sweet and very different compared to tamales I've typically had in the past.  The coffee rubbed filet mignon was HUGE - 10oz and so so so tender.  Both meats were very flavorful and prepared well.  For dessert, we got the multi-layered coconut cake - we destroyed that in less than 2 minutes. delicious!
5	Bobby Flay...your food touches my heart bone. Like one of Pavlov's dogs, the mere sound of the words "Mesa Grill" makes my mouth water. Yes, the restaurant is gorgeous...but your jalapeno corn bread! So moist and flavorful. Sure the service is impeccable and impressive...but your appetizers! Did you get the recipe for the goat cheese queso fundito from the gods themselves? Did the idea for a wild mushroom quesadilla with truffle oil come to you in a moment of pure genius? Please. I can't even THINK about your stuffed squash blossoms or your corn. So simple in concept and yet executed with such brilliance, an explosion of flavor nearly knocks me unconscious. I could stop there but you have entrees. Unbelievably delicious entrees. OK, Bobby, where is this crossroads in which you clearly made a pact with the devil at? Don't even TRY to deny such a deal was made. I have tasted your food many times. You cannot fool me!
5	Some of you people.. I question your reviews on this place.We made a quick Vegas run while in California for work and made reservations for this place.  We walk in a bit early for our reservation and are still promptly greeted and served a drink. Gin Gimlet and we were seated on these nice little couches in the lobby until we could be seated.We asked of course, if Bobby Flay was working that night and he was!We got to take pics and stuff with him which was cool and she sat us near the kitchen so we could watch him make our food.I had the 16 spiced duck breast and a goat cheese/artichoke dip appetizer which was absolutely amazing.Do not go to vegas and not check this place out. Incredible
4	Bravo Mr Flay!  Exponentially better food and dining experience than Mr Colicchio's Craft.  The decor was average, however the most important aspects of service and food were outstanding.  The wait and bus staff was considerate to all of our needs and desires.  The actually name of the corn side dish I had is escaping me, however it had creme fraiche and a delicious mix of seasonings.  I didn't think I would ever try to find a recipe for corn online after eating at a restaurant but I did after Mesa Grill!My meal consisted of a pork tenderloin seasoned and cooked to perfection and a delicious sweet potato tamale that we are still trying to imitate at home months later!Going back the next time I am in Vegas for sure.
2	huge disappointment. we came here for brunch on v-day. why brunch? because every other day we tried to come here for dinner, it was completely booked. or so they say. we tried to walk in, seeing that there were at least 8-10 empty tables. but according to the hostesses, they were full. humph. hey, thanks for NOT telling us we could eat at the bar. the hostesses are so snotty is almost laughable. You think you're so high and mighty because you work at a tex-mex restaurant? anyways, i had the spicy chicken and sweet potatoes. sounds yummy, right? yes, if i wanted sweet potato pie. i found a couple of small pieces of chicken floating in that mess.  well, in their defense, i had the leftovers in my room a few hours later, and it was tasted okay (mind you, four drinks later). my husband had the steak and eggs, which was more like a "build your own mini steak taco." it was reminiscent of chevy's steak fajitas, only chevy's tasted a lot better.
5	I make sure I come here everytime I'm in Vegas. I was lucky enough to be there for a Sunday brunch and it is the place to be! Greaaaat food. I ordered the chicken hash. it was a spicy chicken dish with potatoes and something like eggs benedict on top. AMAZING! My friend got the Cuban Burger which is only cooked rare. Otherwise everything else was extraordinary. Very reasonable price for the decor and quality of foodbtw it is in CAESAR'S PALACE
2	I went to this restaurant with a few people and it didn't blow me away. We had started out with calamari and a salad which i thought was average and for my entree, i ordered the grilled mahi mahi and I was disappointed. Being Bobby Flay's restaurant maybe I had high expectations, but even so I wouldn't expect my fish to be dry and overcooked. Yeah it was busy that night, but my boyfriends sixteen spiced chicken was very tender and juicy. How hard is it to cook fish? it's pretty simple, so if i were to recommend something, it would be order everything else but the fish.
2	Went there for my last meal before I skipped town.  Always wanted to eat here, especially after seeing Bobby on TV for so many years.  We had the goat cheese dip with blue corn tortilla chips, and a tamale with shrimp.  Both were pretty good.  After that, for me, it went down hill.  We got our appetizers within 10 minutes of ordering, but it took 50 for our entrees?  My wife had the chicken hash with a poached egg.  She liked that one a lot.  I ordered shrimp tacos...for $22.  Six luke warm shrimp, red cabbage, and two cold flour tortillas.  Let's see, I wait over 50 minutes for my food and it comes out cold and tough.  Awesome.  Not going back anytime soon.  Very disappointing.
2	First bad sign here was walking in to the hostess stand.  Went here to meet out of town guests who were staying at Caesar's, 18-20 year old hostess did not greet us, when we stated we were here to meet guests, she told us to look around by ourselves to see if they were here - poor first contact with guest and what is supposed to be a higher-end restaurant.Found our guests ourselves and joined them at the table.  Tables were very crowded together and wait staff and other guests continually bumped into our chairs - very annoying.Design of restaurant was interesting - with glass wall facing the casino floor - casino noise did not infiltrate restaurant.Had drinks and food at their Sunday brunch - I had an eggs benedict type item, with a blue corn base and crab - lukewarm in temperature and unremarkable in taste/texture.  Food of other guests was equally unremarkable.As this was Sunday brunch, we sat at around noon and visited with our guest until about 1:30-2:00pm (not unreasonable in my opinion for brunch) - they were clearly shutting down for brunch service and setting up for dinner service, we wound up finished out meal while they were turning the restaurant over for dinner.  Little regard for remaining guests - noise and activity was very disruptive to our brunch.Brunch for 4 with drinks was around $225.Very unremarkable, poor service, poor layout, mediocre food - had much higher (and reasonable) expectations for Mesa Grill.
4	Located in Ceaser's palace, this place is great if you're in the mood for trying something different. This is the first time I've ever eaten at an Iron Chef's restaurant, so I thought prices would be more, but trust me, it won't break any banks. I liked how he took simple foods and blended them to have just the right amount of complexity.
2	Mesa was talked about as one of those MUST eat places when in Vegas. Maybe they had an off night but I was sorely underwhelmed. Poor service, meh on the food...service was very solid though. I have a hunch this restaurant is booked solid most nights because the chef is so well known, but honestly - it's not worth it.  My suggestion is head over to Bradley Ogden or Spago - the food is better and so is the service - isn't that what a restaurant is really about?
5	Kudos to the chef who doesn't try to placate the average American's intolerance for flavor.  What an amazing dining experience.  Now...be aware that you need to know what you are getting into when you dine here.  So thanks to yelp I did my homework prior.  One yelper complained about the cioppino in a green chile/cilantro sauce because that was just not what she was expecting.  The menu description is fairly clear but thanks to her addition of the cilantro in the review, I knew this was just what I had to order.  It was loaded with shellfish and lobster and every bite was heavenly.  Who else creates a unique cioppino like this?  While I was in love with the dish, my sister & husband were less enamored.  Fortunately for them, they both ordered dishes that they loved - the 16 spice chicken and the spiced pork tenderloin.  Thank goodness they let me try theirs because both dishes were awesome.  The pork has heat but melts like butter in your mouth.  How do you make pork melt like butter, Bobby?!I'm working backwards here - onto the appetizers.  While I'm pretty adventurous with food, I wouldn't normally be inclined to order a wild mushroom truffeled quesadilla with hummus, but because I read so many positive reviews here, I ventured out and it was amazing.  It was actually like, "how did he dream up such a bizarre combination that could work so well?"  Now, my sister agreed with me and loved it but husband felt it was a bit strong - so if you aren't a mushroom lover, I might stay clear.  The chile relleno appetizer had an overpowering spice and was everyone's least favorite.  Nobody mentions the collard greens here but they were hands down the best collards I've ever had in my life and I am not a fan of the collards (husband from the south - so he ordered those).  And the server said that it takes all day to make those collard greens.Drinks - a pomegranite martini that packed some punch was the tastiest I've ever had.  Had a sip of sisters prickly pear margarita but wasn't as wild about that.  Wine is pretty well priced too.Service - we loved.  Ambience - great.  So many people in that restaurant with at least a 2 to 1 ratio of workers to customers and yet it wasn't too loud even on a Friday evening.  You absolutely have to have a reservation to get a table here, so make it right away.  Oh, and online table reservations only has the new york location.  I thought I'd made the reservation for Vegas and when I printed out the confirmation, New York City caught my eye.   Without question this was one of my favorite dining experiences ever...I will be back!
3	My girls and I tried Mesa Grill for lunch on a weekend in Vegas.  We weren't terribly impressed, especially given the universal love for Bobby Flay.  We ordered the queso dip as an appetizer, which was the best item we tried.  Savory cheese with slivers of marinated jalapeno, scooped with blue corn chips.  That was some good shiznick.  As for the rest of the items we ordered, it was nothing fabulous.  I had a burger, which was cooked well, but lacked a bit in the seasoning department.  I thought that the Southwestern Fries were quite tasty however, but again nothing mind-shattering.  The service here was pretty atrocious.  It took approximately 30 minutes after we ordered our food to see our actual entrees--some burgers and sandwiches.  The place wasn't even packed, so I don't believe that there was any excuse for such a delay in service.  On the upside, however, the slow service saved me from throwing away another $5 in a slot machine (I'm no gambler).Maybe dinner at Mesa is better--given how much I think about Bobby Flay, I'll probably try this place again next time I return to Sin City.
4	Really good food with a little bit of a kick. Went there for Sunday brunch, and it was really good. I had this sweet potato hash that had a poached egg and came with potatoes. It was really tasty. Even though I didn't see Bobby Flay there personally I would definitely go back.
3	I'll be upfront:  me and my friend did not order full meals, so perhaps I would have been more impressed had I done so.  Otherwise, I've had better meals for the money.  We both had glasses of red wine (my friend enjoyed her Mesa label wine).  We had the "Queso Fundido" and chips appetizer, which was good, but not outstanding.  We also shared the Blue Corn Pancake appetizer which was delicious.  My friend enjoyed her black bean soup for dinner and I ordered 2 side dishes:  The cornmeal crusted chile relleno and the chorizo-goat cheese tamale.  The chile relleno didn't leave me wanting for more and the tamale was rubbery and I didn't finish it.  Other than that, the restaurant had a hip ambience, but wasn't too noisy that you were hoarse from talking loud or couldn't hear what your tablemate was saying.  Again, I may have been more impressed if I ordered a "real" dinner, but hey, shouldn't I be impressed even with appetizers and side dishes if it is a good restaurant?  I probably would not come back to this restaurant.  So many good choices in Las Vegas!
5	Just like everyone else, I came here cause hey, it's a Bobby Flay restaurant.  And well, I'm a big fan of Iron Chef and Throwdown.  So I had high expectations and Mesa Grill did not disappoint.First of all, our waiter was excellent, although I forgot his name otherwise i would've gave him a shoutout on here.  He gave us some good recommendations and he really knew the menu.  Based upon his recommendation we ordered the duck pancake.  I've only had duck at Chinese and French restaurants, never at an American restaurant. The duck pancake was WOW!  It was in some type of BBQ sauce and the flavors just exploded in my mouth!  Thank you waiter!For the entree, I ordered the Mesa burger.  I figured Bobby Flay has a whole book on grilling, so he must make a mean burger!  My burger was succulent, juicy, huge, and oh so flavorful.  This could be one of the best burgers in Vegas?!  For $16 it was a deal!!  They are served with Southwestern fries, probably the best seasoned fries I ever had.For dessert, we had the chocolate bread pudding.  I'm a big fan of bread pudding regardless so it was a perfect way to end a perfect meal.  Thanks Bobby Flay for the keeping my taste buds satisfied.
4	Mesa Grill is a Bobby Flay restaurant so there are lots of chiles in everything. Not that this necessarily makes everything spicy, but you should know in case you have a pepper or spice aversion. I arrived late one evening to Vegas and after checking in to my room at Caesar's Palace I decided 1, I needed dinner and 2, I didn't want to go far so Mesa Grill answered my needs.I've said it before but I'll say it again so no one thinks I ate all this food by myself - I'm a sharer so when I go anywhere I like to order lots of stuff and share it with my dining partners. With this in mind we started with a Caesar type salad that came with chorizo as the meat and it was definitely an interesting take on this basic starter. One that I definitely enjoyed. We then ordered the black bean soup, grits with poached egg, and the pork tenderloin with sweet potato tamale as our main course to sample.The black bean soup had just the right amount of spice to it and so I slurped most of it up. The pork tenderloin was indeed tender and the sweet potato tamale that accompanied it was amazingly good. But, the real highlight of the meal was the grits topped with a poached egg. Coming from the South I've had my fair share of grits, sometimes they are made sweet with butter and sugar, sometimes they are made savory with spices and bacon, but I'm going to start suggesting they always come this way from now on. It was an item of food that would be just as comfortable at breakfast as it was at dinner and I wouldn't hesitate to order it again.Our service was also marvelous, the man who served us told us he'd been with the restaurant since they opened and his expertise in suggesting certainly made it seem so.
3	3.5 stars There are some really great things happening at this restaurant and I recommend it to those who want a unique culinary experience with a slightly inflated price. The food is lovely, but I think you can find better food for the cost. Some large positives are that the depth of flavor is great, unexpected and enjoyable ( I had queso fundido and a pink and green peppercorn crusted filet). Also, I couldn't decide what to order for a cocktail and the waitress promptly told me that their bartender was experimenting with some new drinks and that she would be happy to surprise me.  The two that I had were excellent, some of the best cocktails I have had in Vegas (one tasted like a green tea lemon drop and the other a martini with tasty but unidentifiable herbs).  The things I find lacking are: 1) Portion size. I can handle small portions if the food is exquisitely rich and exotic, but its fancy Mexican food, so small wasn't cuttin' it; 2) The restaurant seemed ridiculously small, which made the seating a little crowded and reservations extremely difficult; 3) If you are a Food Network star then you should be wowing me with your amazing cuisine- I am under-wowed. All in all, a great place to try and definitely get a cocktail, but don't expect your mind to be blown.
4	Maybe its these fantastic mojitos talking, but damn wild mushroom quesadilla! You look good! Real good! I'd like to eat you everyday forever, I'd put a ring on you but alas your a quesadilla and therefore have no fingers.......... so instead I'll eat you, with gusto. My friends might even take a dip in your amazing white truffle oil, but your hummusy and you like it. Your bartender friends talked you up good and you didn't disappoint, but they also mentioned your friends the Yucatan Tacos so were going to have make this quick, were are in Vegas after all,  I really cant stick to just one plate for the meal, you understand. Besides you know those tacos are beguiling, They tell you Yucatan, but what they really mean is Thai/Latin fusion and what that really means is that they are delicious. The truth is there are a lot of hot dishes on this menu, I'd gladly eat them all so while I can certainly  tell you that I'll definitely be back real soon, I just cant promise it'll be to see you my lovely little quesadilla..............I'm lying, I'll be back for you, I think I love you, I'm just trying to play it cool.......call me!!!!
2	OK this is overrated!!!Bobby Flay has more fame than culinary abilities! Nothing we tried was memorable.  Service was friendly yet nothing to remember.The decor is fun and location is great.For the money spent I think there are many much better places to go in Vegas than here.  Do not think I will be back.Good luck Bobby!
3	A bit overpriced. Portions are small. But food was excellent full of flavor! I had the lamb chops moist perfectly charred. The tamale with molasses butter was gross tasted like maple syrup! Blah! Hubby had green chile ciopinno. Very tasty but dang he needed for food. Service not bad attentive. Overall a bit over rated.
4	One of the better meals I've had in Vegas.  I love Bobby Flay, even though he's kind of pretentious, but he definitely has a right to be.  He's a genius.  From the quesadillas to the tuna steak, all of the flavors were interesting and worked well.  The mango rice on the side of my dish had almost gummy pieces of mango in it, which did not impress me texturally.  My boyfriend wasn't as impressed with the food.  He's not a huge southwestern cooking fan, and Bobby Flay's menu is chock full of southwestern choices.  Some other positives:  I had perhaps the best dirty martini I've ever had and the server was spectacular.  He asked if we wanted dessert but was not pushy in any way when we declined which I love.  Negatives:  I didn't love the atmosphere.  It kind of felt like another cheesy restaurant right in the middle of a hotel.  And the really drunk guy that puked all over his coworkers next to us really put a damper on my evening.
5	i hate bobby flay. but i loved mesa grill. though i love new york and all its braggadocio, i feel that the food network's brooklyn boy, bobby flay, takes pretentious to a new level, and it's not amusing. i'm completely annoyed by his show throwdown, where he challenges local food legends and presumes to make their dishes better than they do. i'm fully aware that the man has had 9 restaurants, 9 cookbooks, and 8 total TV shows, but there's something about him that i just don't like. plus, he's a ginger. (just kidding, i actually love red-heads!)but mesa grill? soooooooo good! R. R. and i sat at the bar for dinner and enjoyed every minute. i had the black bean soup with cumin crema and three relishes, and really, i would bathe in that soup it's so good! i had my face in the bowl and was licking it clean when R.R. gently reminded me that we were in public and ladies generally try not to eat like wildebeests. my bad. sophie's chopped salad was good, but nothing special. R.R. made some good choices as well - be sure check out the rough-cut tuna "nachos" and the shrimp and corn tamale. and the bartenders were awesome; one mixed us a free taste of his special "red bull mojito" - yummy! so while i'm glad to have checked out mesa grill because the food was incredible, i only wish that my hard-earned money were going to someone other than douchebag flay.
4	The concierge at Aria, Martina (she is the best, if you ever stay at the Aria) tried to book this for us at Cesar Palace, and it was a credit card deposit place, so we took our chances and went for weekend brunch.  No problem, but the waitress walked us to tiny table beside a pole, No view, evesdropping distance to the next table, and unable to store our fabulous stimulate the economy buys, so we asked for another table.  She gave us a table in another awful place, but we could overlook the kitchen artistry.  Long wait for a server & the food, as the menu is super short, but worth it.  The red sauce on my scrambled enchiladas and eggs was awesome!  You thought Bobby was going to come in and just smile over his food and service.  If there was more room at my table, he could join us.
4	Everything I've had here is really good and really flavorful. For some reason something is keeping me from giving this place five stars though but I can't quite put my finger on it. I've never had a bad experience here but I've also never had an amazing experience here either. But definitely good, consistent ,flavorful food. You can't go wrong with the queso for an appetizer. I came here before with a party of four and I think we actually had 2 orders for 4 people and we were able to finish it. The food here is all very intense and unique in flavor, maybe more than I'm used to. Don't come here expecting traditional Mexican food- you will be disappointed. Just come here expecting a lot of flavor. This restaurant is always busy and one of the harder places to get a reservation in Vegas. The service is okay here, nothing spectacular, more on par with a semi-casual restaurant than fine dining. I always find myself watching the cooks in the kitchen. They always seem to be hustling so I gotta give them props for that. Definitely a place I would recommend trying.
2	Ok, I am a HUGE Bobby Flay fan. I had to go here, so I dragged all my friends along because it was for my 21st bday. We ordered an appetitzer and it was ok. My friend ordered a margarita and it wasn't to our liking.  Service was good, but not great. The food was OK, i already got tired of my dish after the 3rd bite.  It was maybe too sweet? Too many flavors combining and its not concentrating on one flavor. When Bobby cooks on Food Network, your mouth waters, but at Mesa Grill...I didn't.  I tried Emerils before Mesa Grill, and loved Emerils. But to mention we could order off the BRUNCH menu only.  I looked at the pics from the dinner menu, and they look very good. And I had the spicy chicken potato hash....way too sweeet, and too much.
3	Food was good here, nothing that blew me away mind you. The service was very lacking. Our waiter was none existent. The iced tea came served with simple syrup, a nice touch.
4	As a long time fan of Food Network, could not resist trying Bobby Flay's place. I was first of all pleased to find that the pricing was actually quite reasonable, lunch for three with tax and tips was about $150 including a super deluxe marguerita. The food was all excellent. I ordered Chile Rellenos, wife had Sweet Potato Hash, which was really good and son had the Mesa Burger (of course). All excellent, well seasoned, well presented. Decor and atmosphere were all very nice, service excellent. The only slightly negative part of the experience was the waiter. He was a bit too opinionated. I do not mind recommendations, but he seemed a bit put out when we did not order what he thought we should. Small thing maybe, but it somehow bothered me. Still thoroughly enjoyed it, will go back.
5	This was my second visit and I was still impressed. The entree's are all unique and the appetizers are wonderful. I still think this is the best food in Vegas. I advise dinner over lunch- the prices are similar and the service and food seems better at dinner.
3	3.5 starsService was really good.  The restaurant itself was pretty nice and had a refreshing ambiance to it.  I had the Mesa Burger which was really good.  My buddy had the enchilada and he said it was really tasty as well, and he's a picky eater. Overall, I would definitely go back.P.S. Who the hell is Bobby Flay?
3	Continued food fest at Caesar's with out of towners  for MArch Madness.Friday night and the place is hopping .  6 of us without a reservation manage to squeeze in at 9:30 .  started with the high end nachos, the quesidilla, some decent but naturally, over-priced margaritas.The entrees included, pork loan ( decent ) salmon ( boring ) coffee - chili crusted filet ( excellent ) and duck ( way over sauced ) had brussel sprouts, spinach,  tamales for sides - the brussel sprouts were a hit.a bottle of pinot noir that did so little i'll be damned if i know the name.desserts included apple pie ( boring ) , chocolate cornbread pudding ( decent )  chili/brownie cheesecake ( ok )  and the churros with chocolate dipping sauce ( way too much sugar coating the churro ) Overall, it was a decent meal - total cost including tip came to $620.  ok pricing.  I doubt i'll re-visit Mesa Grill unless out-of-towners insist.pics added
4	i have eaten here numerous times. I always enjoy it. the Ambiance and service is always good. For Dinner, I always have fish and it always very flavorful and perfectly cooked. Don't skip the side dishes. The twice baked potato and the brussel sprouts are excellent.
5	Yumm Yumm YummIs that not enough?Okay...This is one of the best fusion places I've ever eaten.  The drinks are incredible.  The food is beyond delicious.  Portions are small and pricey but soooooo worth it.Looking forward to another trip to Vegas and coming back to Mesa Grill.
2	Stumbled upon this place while in Vegas, wandering aimlessly through the casino.  We thought "hmmm...Bobby Flay?  OK I guess we will check it out."  At the time, we did consider the fact that neither my companion nor myself particularly cared for Bobby Flay, but we ignored that fact because, hey, he must be famous for a reason...his charm can get him only so far.  Perhaps the man can cook.  Plus, we were in the mood for mexican-like food.Lesson learned: go with your first instinct.We were there for brunch, and my date got a Mesa burger which was small but presented very nicely.  The flavor was just OK and the burger itself was mediocre, but the grilled onion and horseradish mustard on the burger were very tasty.  Southwestern fries were a bit firey and a little on the greasy side, but were an OK complement to an OK burger.I ordered Sophie's chopped salad and asked the waiter to give me a quick run-down of the veggies in it.  However, when it came, i found out that it had olives, which he failed to mention.  Because the olive-flavor was so overpowering (and i dislike olives), i had to send it back.  My date dug into his sandwich, and my replacement salad did not come until he was nearly done the meal.  Check minus on service.  I wouldn't be upset about the delay-time in getting my meal had this been my fault...however when you put something like olives (same goes for mushrooms or onions) in a chopped salad and the diner inquires , you should be sure to remember to list the components that have strong or polarizing flavors.  He may have just forgotten but it was not busy at that hour, so I was a bit ticked (and hungry).Side note - the bread basket had some decent items.  The blue corn cornbread muffins were really dry, the jalapeno bites were hit-or-miss on the "heat" factor depending on which you ate (perhaps some were mild and others spicy?), and the mini breakfast pastries were very good on sweetness and consistency.  Stick to those for your pre-brunch-calorie-consumption.  The only redeeming part of the meal were the cocktails.  I had a tequila/Fresca cocktail that was light, refreshing, and not too sweet. it was delicious.  My date had a margarita which he claimed to be one of the best he's had...don't know how helpful that is, though, as he's generally not a margarita-guy.Overall, food was mediocre at the high points and awful at the low points, service was spotty, drinks were great.  I would say I expected more from Bobby Flay, but as I said above, he was just never really my style, so what I really expected was mediocre - and it delivered just that.  Expectations met.
4	Great service at the bar.  Great pork loin sandwich.
5	I had brunch with my girlfriend here on Saturday, March 27, 2010. We were seated immediately without a reservation.She had a la paloma (tequila and grapefruit soda cocktail) and the scrambled egg enchiladas with creamy grits. We both agreed that her drink and meal were fantastic.I had the cactus pear margarita (not sure of the name) and the pork tenderloin sandwich. The drink was good, though a bit tart for my taste, and the sandwich was delicious.Overall, the meal was a good value, our drinks were tasty, and our entrees were exceptionally flavorful. We both felt like our meals really would've originated from Bobby Flay, and we'd love to go there again, perhaps for dinner next time.By the way, if you're not into casinos, don't be put off by the fact that the restaurant is in a casino. When you're inside you don't notice it at all. In fact, the restaurant's decor is top notch.
4	Very good.  Came here because I love the grill, the Southwest, AND Bobby Flay, although I'd never been to one of his restaurants and I'm a little skeptical of whether celebrity chefs' places can live up to what they do in person.In any case, we missed lunch on Friday, so came here Saturday.  I was a little bummer that they were only serving brunch (I'm not a breakfast person at ALL, save for my love for bacon).  I got the burger, which was very go and the meat quality was high.  But my girl got the chicken with sweet potato hash and poached eggs.  This was really different, delicious, and had a nice kick.  Flavors were bangin'.  Also the iced tea was good.Overall I felt like I as paying for Flay's name, which is a little silly.  I mean, $60 for brunch is a little outrageous, but it was good.  WOuld I go back?  Eh, not before going elsewhere, but the food WAS good and the whole things was enjoyable.
3	Every time I walked by Mesa Grill, I thought about trying it.  I finally made it here last Sunday.  The restaurant is big and modern.  Because it was Sunday at 11:30am, we were told brunch was served.  The brunch menu was kind of limited  (http://www.mesagrill.com/lasvegas/pdf/mesalvbrunch.01.08.10.pdf).  We decided on the following:1)  TIGER SHRIMP TAMALE with CREAMED CORN (not on the above menu) - $16. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=bZdGAk4KyioloJNNm9GiIA) This was quite good.  I'm not a fan of tamale but I enjoyed the creamed corn and the shrimps (total of 4!).  2)  ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMON in Spicy Black Bean Sauce + Roasted Jalapeno Crema - $22. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=ZzxIYMiVP3O1osnjdF4Hfg) I ordered it well done.  The salmon was very tender with good flavor.  However it must have sat on the counter for awhile b/c it was barely lukewarm!  3)  NEW MEXICAN SPICED PORK TENDERLOIN SANDWICH Grilled Red Onion, Arugula Ancho-Chile Mayonnaise + Southwestern Fries - $16. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=QQ6QbO2CmSWDD7l9OwudAw) This was the biggest disappointment of the meal.  My fiance gave it 1 star.  Enough said.  Service was spotty.  At first it was really good, but then it just went down hill.  Like I said earlier, our food must have sat on the kitchen counter for awhile b/c my salmon was barely lukewarm and my fiance's sandwich (the pork tenderloin) was cold and hard!  Our iced teas were getting refilled until we were done eating.  Then they took the plates away and didn't bother asking if we would like another refill.  C'mon, even if we're done, we might still like some more ice tea!I thought the quality and service didn't measure up to my expectation and the prices.  3 stars is all it gets.
5	Awesome margaritas. Awesome food. Great service. Make a reservation.
4	Bobby Flay, you had some high expectations to meet. I expected something along the lines of a gastronomic orgasm, but mustve chosen the wrong item on the menu. Apple salad with bleu cheese - delicious, but beware: the bleu cheese flavor is extra strong. If you enjoy strong cheeses like me, however, you'll definitely enjoy this dish. Coffee crusted steak sandwich - the name screams flavor. Unfortunately, the only flavor I could taste was the onion. I was greatly disappointed with the coffee crusted steak because there was absolutely no coffee flavor. The sandwich was unimpressive and something I could make at home. Pork tenderloin sandwich - now THIS is the sandwich to get. It is much tastier than the steak sandwich. The flavor were much better. I also heard from the table next to me that the Cuban burger was the best burger they have ever had. The chicken hash (not sure of the exact name but it had egg hollandaise on it) - the best dish on the table. The flavours melded together beautifully and I would get this dish if I return. The fries that came with the sandwiches were good. Very salty though. The bread and the corn muffin was super delicious. I would definitely come back for lunch because the prices were okay and not too obnoxious. I would recommend this place but do NOT order the steak sandwich.
4	Dinner here was fantastic: had the chicken tacos and the duck. It was very very good.
5	Most of the things we had here were excellent.Crispy Squid - Basically dressed up fried calamari; but very well done.  Fresh, crispy tasting, and served with two really awesome sauces splayed beautifully across the plate.  Big winner appetizer here.Rough Cut Tuna "Nachos" - Can probably pass on this one.  Chunks of moderately bland/unseasoned raw tuna are served with about 20 absurdly tiny "nacho" dipping tortilla chips (think mini tostitos bite size rounds, with half of them blue corn and half regular)Sixteen Spice Crusted Chicken - This was pretty delicious.  Tender, juicy, spices crisped on the skin... it was a very nice piece of poultry.  The buttermilk mashed potatoes were also killer.Mango + Spice Crusted Tuna Steak - Yes its true they like mango and spices here.  This was by far the most delicious thing on the table.  The tuna was just overflowing with an awesome spice crusted exterior.  It was perfectly seared.  As you bite into it, you get that fantastic full tuna taste and texture at first.  Then the spices kick in a little more slowly, intensifying in flavor throughout the bite, with a real nice spicy punch in there at some point as well.  Wow this was an awesome piece of tuna.Somehow we got out of here for under $100 a person despite ordering entrees, appetizers, cocktails and wine.  Good times!
4	4 stars solid. can't give 5 stars just for a brunch experience.I have always been at odds with big celebrity chefs.  namely ones that are famous because of TV and not necessarily because the food network made him big -- like bobby flay. so i went with trepidation.took the 9 girls in vegas for the weekend and i must say best meal of the trip!!the space is open and modern, makes you almost forget you're in the middle of a casino.everything i tasted from the girls around me to my own dish was awesome!  I guess flay really likes goat cheese, because it's all over the menu. - scrambled egg enchiladas with chorizo:  a very simple dish but made complex by the delicious red chile sauce on the bottom, and the accompanied goat cheese and sprigs of cilantro made it a very well balanced dish!  could hardly taste the chorizo which was fine.- tiger shrimp corn tamales: many girls at the table had this which was AMAZING!! apparently it is the specialty on the menu.  large shrimp in a cream sauce which was poured over an amazing corn tamale.  perfectly made and flavors spot on!!!- spicy chicken with sweet potata hash: had a bite of this dish; basically it is a large mound of sweet potato with chicken cooked in, topped with a spicy hollandaise and a poached egg.  the one bite was pretty tasty.others at the table had his burger which looked perfectly cooked. overall a great experience.  we even had a few desserts - would definitely go for the espresso flavored flan?  do it! brunch. go.
5	LOVED, loved, loved this place. An unexpected treat in the middle of Cesar's Palace. I love the sophistication yet non-pretentious-ness of this restauarant. I came here for dinner on a girls weekend last August and was greeted with excellent service. Our waiter had wonderful recommendations, one of which was the white pear margartia (amazing). The grits plate was flavorful and unexpected, the tortilla soup was rich and spicy and every main dish I tried had a special balance of spice and lasting flavor. One of the best places I have ever eaten inside and out of Vegas. If I lived nearby, Id be a regular.
5	My wife and I are huge fans of the original NYC branch, and were not as impressed with the Vegas branch initially.  After a few visits they've polished it up a bit and got their service and food spot on.  It's our favorite restaurant in Vegas (much the same as it's our favorite restaurant in NYC).The first couple of times here, when the restaurant was first opened, the service was a bit off, or perhaps we were unlucky and got a newby waiter.  The margaritas seemed to be watered down too.  Thankfully, the good food kept us coming back.  The last couple of visits have been great, and they have their timing and attentiveness dialed-in, and have perfected their margaritas.  They check on you enough without getting in your face every two minutes, and the food is paced well so that you don't have overlapping dishes.We love the margaritas here, and like to come a bit early and have one or two before the meal.  I like getting the smoky floaters (aged tequila) on top as well.  A few notable items from our last visit:-Tuna nachos.  This is tuna tartare with avocado and chips (and some kind of caper dressing).  This was and is one of our favorite dishes at either Mesa.  Alas, as of our last visit it's been hit by the recession shrink ray.  We used to get one order to share, but its now too small for that and they don't give you enough chips.  It still tastes great though.-Crispy calamari salad.  Basically classed-up fried calamari, but really, really crispy and with a variety of sauces, and called a salad to make you feel better about yourself.  There's a vinagrette, some kind of sundried tomato sauce, and some kind of avocado sauce.  I liked the vinagrette best.-Veal chop with wild rice tamale.  I think this dish has the signature Mesa Grill tastes.  It's basically a really good cut of meat that has been perfectly grilled, with a very nice and slightly spicy sauce on it (some kind of pepper/chipotle sauce) and some demiglace.  Very tender and flavorful on its own with a little zing from the sauce, but not overpowered by the sauce.  The tamale is a nice side.-Green chile ciopinno.  Fish, shrimp, scallops, mussels, and lobster in an excellent green chile broth.  This one is hard to describe; the flavors are pretty unique.  Just try it yourself, it's excellent.-Corn flan with caramel.  I'm not a huge fan of flan, but this is the best flan I've ever had.  Very creamy, and despite being covered in caramel it's not too sweet.Overall, we love this place and definitely will be back.
5	There is a reason Bobby Flay is an Iron Chef and owner of Mesa Grill and other restaurants... he makes simple food decadently delicious!We had made brunch reservations one month in advance, as we knew they get booked quickly.We arrived a little early and were warmly greeted and promptly seated. The decor was inviting and the ambience stylish and warm (see our picture).Having gotten to know Bobby Flay's personality through watching him on the Food Network, it was pleasantly surprising to see that his staff embodies this warm personality too. Our waitress reviewed the menu with us and explained some of Bobby's signature dishes as well as making some recommendations.While we perused the menu, the flavorful basket of mini cornbreads and assorted small pastries was brought out to our table as were our drinks (Cactus pear iced tea, cofee and Margarita).Appetizers our party of 4 shared:*Goat cheese "Queso Fundido" with blue corn tortilla chips - the flavor of the goat cheese dip topped with roasted peppers so full of robust rustic flavor - a solid 5 Stars! *Shrimp and sweet corn tamale -Bobby Flay's signature dish. Well balanced flavors, shrimp was cooked to perfection - another 5 star dish. Though the dish comes with 4 large tiger shrimp it would serve as a good appetizer for 2 instead of 4.Entrees - our waitress let us know how these were going to be cooked and at what temperature to expect them so we wouldn't have any surprises.*Spicy Scrambled Eggs - served with Green Onion, Jalapeno, Goat Cheese, Apricot-Mustard Glazed Ham and Buttermilk Biscuits - very good flavors.*Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash served with Poached Eggs & Green Chile Hollandaise - this flavor profile was very delicious *Grilled Mahi Mahi with Roasted Pineapple-Cascabel Chile SauceCaramelized Pineapple-Green Onion Salsa & Creamy Green Chile Rice - perfect balance of bright flavors and texture. The Cascabel chile sauce was so good I used the little cornbreads to dip and polish it off my plate!*New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with Grilled Red Onion, Arugula, Ancho-Chile Mayonnaise & Southwestern Fries - fantastic flavor and the southwestern fries were warm and crispy- not oily at all.The portions were perfectly sized for brunch but we all agreed we could have eaten more of every dish that we had ordered as every bite was a burst of delicious flavor that tantalized our taste buds.The service was attentive without being obtrusive. The waitress was knowledgeable and made good recommendations. They have an extensive Margarita menu and the one I had was fantastic.We added pictures of the food we ordered and I made everyone wait to eat so that I could take some good pictures so make sure to check them out. We will be definitely coming back here to try their other dishes.
3	I hate to do this to you Bobby, I really do.  But the tortillas were stale. Really!? Breathe, let's start over. Brunch, Saturday morning, 10:35am. No reservation but not a problem since they open at 10:30.  I asked what "cactus pear" tasted like, and the waiter couldn't describe it. So I took a leap and got it anyway, it was delicious but the best part was that they gave me a mini-carafe of simple syrup to sweeten it with!!  Yeaaaaaah.  The little things.Anyway, I was really eying up the chilaquiles but the waiter recommended the steak and eggs instead. What a mistake. So yeah, while the steak was cooked properly, the TORTILLAS WERE STALE. Nearly inedible! And I LOVE tortillas! And the bell pepper 'salsas' that it came with were cold and smushed together. The guac was brown. Just BLEH.$60 brunch and I didn't even get good tortillas or a good 'salsa' which I always see Bobby Flay coming up with.  Ugh.
4	Good: I love southwestern food -- discovering a new thing you can put chipotles in gives me a rush -- so of course I love Mesa Grill. If you go, try the shrimp tamales. Last time I tried the green chile cioppino and thought that was a great idea as well. Not as good: The bread wasn't as fresh as it should have been.
1	Barf, hated this place. The most pricey and pretentious Mexican food I've ever not enjoyed. Bad service, craptastic food-stay away from the pork- and cost too much even for Vegas. I'm on a roll............1 star. Ding!
5	Best entree of my entire life.I started this review about 4 months ago, never finished it.  However, I must tell the Yelp universe what must be ordered if you enjoy beef.The New York Strip is by far the best entree I've ever had in my entire life. Cooked to absolute perfection (medium, exactly how I asked for it) and crusted with little bits of heaven (a multi-pepper ground crust I believe) I sliced it as thin as thin as I could so I could enjoy it as long as possible to the dismay of my now wife. It came with a roasted red pepper sauce that must have been the best sauce I've ever had to accompany steak.Maybe someone slipped me some ecstasy before I walked in the door, but this place transcended the steak for me into a magical experience I'll never forget.What's unfortunate is that I'll never order anything else when I return (which I've done since, and it was just as magical.)
5	I want to preface by saying that this is the first and so far only Bobby Flay restaurant I had tried.  I unfortunately moved from NYC before going to his places and he just does not have that many on the west coast, so I can't really compare them.This place is amazing.  The waiter was quick and attentive (being that we were there for lunch during the week and the restaurant was maybe 20% full, this is expected) and also knew everything about every dish.  I also had probably the best Margarita of my life (on the rocks of course) as my aperitif and the waiter was even able to tell me exactly how it was made without asking the bartender (I could not reproduce this at home, although I have come close).The food was perfect and for the quality was very reasonably priced.  I would recommend to anyone going to Vegas to give this place a try.  I would suggest reservations for dinner or on the weekend, otherwise, just walk on in.  For my money, this place is the best South-Western style cuisine restaurant at which I have ever eaten.
3	This is the first time that I have been to Mesa Grill.  I have been to Bar Americain in New York City so I already somewhat knew to expect at a Bobby Flay restaurant.  My dinner when I went to Bar Americain was exceptional and I was expecting the same at Mesa Grill, but I think that my expectations were a little high.  What we ordered between the two of us:- Tiger Shrimp Tamale- Sophie's Chopped Salad- Mesa Burger- Pork Tenderloin Sandwich- Buttermilk Pineapple Upside Down Cake- Chocolate Chip Strawberry Shortcake (dessert of the day)Positives....- The tiger shrimp tamale was amazing.  By far my favorite thing that I have had at a Bobby Flay restaurant.  The shrimp was almost undercooked but was done enough to eat.  The filling of the tamale was sweet and there was an under tone of Flay's famous heat in the sauces.  The corn-cilantro cream sauce was perfect to accent the tamale.- You could taste the quality of the meat of the burger.  It was exceptional and cooked perfectly.  You can hardly get your mouth around it because it is so large!  - The cake itself in the pineapple upside down cake was moist and delicious.- As always, the fries and Flay's restaurants are great!  We had the southwestern fries with our meals and then were spicy but good!Negatives:- First off the server was an absolute snob so we got unlucky there.  I would have given this post 4 stars but took one away because of the server.  - The pork tenderloin sandwich was served with the meat freezing cold.  I was very surprised by this.  The sandwich would have been much better if the meat wasn't cold.- When our server brought Flay's "famous" bread basket to our table there were only two cold muffins in it that were clearly left from the night before.  One of my favorite parts of my Flay meal in the past was the variety of breads in the basket.  The tables around us got a variety like I expected to get.  I attribute this to our sucky server.Overall the meal was a positive one but I don't know if I will be back to Mesa Grill in the future but I definitely recommend the restaurant to any Bobby Flay fans that would like to experience his southwestern flavors.
4	Happened to be in Ceasar's and figured if there was any place to stop by and grab lunch, it'd be at Mesa and sure enough it didn't disappoint. I had the highly recommended spiced pork tenderloin sandwich which was superb.
4	This restaurant is delicious!!! Best steak i ever had. The 16 herb crusted chicken was fantastic too. So many flavors. An unexpected surprise. Make sure to make a reservation!
5	I used to think Bobby Flay was overhyped and cocky.Now I know why he is.His food is BOMB.I've been here twice, let me break down the experiences.1)  Had the 22 ounce bone in rib eye.  Meat = perfect(I got medium), Sauces = perfect complements, and pre-dinner bread = bomb.  There was a side that I'm not too sure if they still serve for dinner, but it was some kind  of corn dish, and it was AMAZING.  All in all, worthy of the 60+ $ spent to enjoy high class cookery.2)  Had to hit it up for some BRUNCH, YO!A group of us all ordered different things and all dishes were amazingly unique for being brunch type dishes.  I got the Burger, and for only a couple more bucks than a Denny's burger, it was worth it.  Friends got the chilequiles(bomb) and enchiladas(bomb).  Others ordered too but didn't get a chance to try them all.  Again, the bread was very good to start out with.One con... PEPSI is served here... =/  A coke would have made this meal exponentially better.Anyways,  I recommend it completely if you have not experienced it!
4	Delicious, I have been here 4 times and it never disappoints.  I would definitely recommend this place to some one who is taking out a group of people that might be picky eaters or in other words not necessarily foodies.  Not to say a "foodie" wouldn't love it, everything I have had here has been executed perfectly and has been delicious it's just that the menu isn't crazy fancy, which is good.  It's a bobby flay restaurant so you get the southwest influence which is typically a crowd pleaser also.  I recommend the shrimp tamale appetizer, pork tenderloin, and the veal chop.  It also isn't terribly pricey for a nice strip restaurant and has a cool atmosphere.I haven't had the brunch but it's only on the weekends and it looks real good.
3	I'm a fan of Bobby Flay but was a bit disappointed by Mesa Grill, mainly due to overuse of the habanero-infused oil (this was on at least 3 or 4 dishes that we ordered) and outrageous prices.  There definitely were highlights, but I can't say that I would go back. Here's the breakdown... Party of 3 on a Saturday night.  Grilled tiger shrimp special:  Great flavor and perfectly cooked.Blue Corn Pancake (with BBQ duck):  Too much BBQ sauce, overpowers the flavor of duck meatCornmeal crusted chile relleno:  Best chile relleno i've ever had.  If you ever watch "Throwdown," this is an example of how he takes a classic and modifies it to his own style.  Excellent flavor, texture, and heat.Grilled Mahi Mahi:  Best main entree of the night.  Very light, flaky fish with a nice mango sauce.  To summarize:  Some great dishes, some not so much, and most of it too pricey.  (The price thing may be due to the fact that we ate at Buchon for ~30% less $$$ the night before).Southwestern duck breast:  The southwestern sauce wasn't meshing too well.  The skin wasn't crisp.  Okay.New Mexico pork tenderloin:  Again, nice dish but nothing spectacular.
3	As a veteran Food Network groupie, I HAD to visit Bobby Flay's Vegas restaurant! So onto Mesa Grill we went!I ordered the Chile Relleno, which was actually an eggplant, not chile. I've never had one before, but I was scurred it was going to be overwhelmingly cheesy. I was impressed that it wasn't! Maybe it's because they use manchego cheese, not something too heavy. The crispy cornmeal outside was a nice touch and the sauces complimented the overall taste.Yum and yum.The only bad things was we went for lunch, so the menu was very limited. There were 8-10 appetizers and 6-8 entrees and that's it. The other limiting factor is there was only that one vegetarian dish so.. technically I didn't have any other entree option.
5	This was soooo delicious. I was a little worried about eating at the typical "famous chef" novelty restaurant, but I was very impressed. We ordered so many items because I wanted to taste as much as I could.  Everything was amazing. I would hold the bites in my mouth so I could fully enjoy the flavor.I recommend the goat cheese fundido and the shrimp tamales.
5	Fantastic dinner - Friends from work recommended and made RSVP. I had the Pork Tenderloin, that was crusted in spices. The best I can offer, is that it was the equivalent to a filet. Friends had the veal and it was excellent. Glad that the Bobby Flay from the FN has a great restaurant!
3	Bobby Flay's take on Vegas doesn't have the luster that it does in New York.  Mr. Flay's west coast version was a dream realized only 5 years ago and being situated in a place like Caesars Palace seems ideal.  After all, being the predominant cuisine is Southwest, what better location (aside from Arizona / New Mexico) than Las Vegas?What is strange to me is that the prices are significantly higher in Las Vegas than the New York location.  A slab of fish of any type could be had for $2-3 less and this includes most of the other appetizers / entrees.  I have no problem paying more for better food, but this does not trump anything that could be had in New York.The restaurant itself is gorgeous.  A great mix of vibrant colors surround the dining area, with a contemporary feel with an elegant twist.  The funky shapes accompanied by the eclectic decor, which really pounces on the New American theme, while retaining a Southwest element in the food.  I'd give the nod to Las Vegas over New York for ambiance and the overall interior look, however, I expect this since this location is significantly newer.Service is fantastic.  Our waiters were extremely knowledgeable in the food and were able to make excellent recommendations that were enough to impress our guests.  The menus change often and often times it is completely different than anything offered in New York or the Bahamas.On a whole Mesa Grill is a real decent place to catch a great meal for business and pleasure.  Most of my business meetings have been during their lunch hour, which I prefer over dinner.  It's not the best in the Bobby Flay restaurant family, but certainly not the worst.
3	I am completely taken a back.  Not because the food was mind blowing good, because it wasn't.  Not because the menu was chalk full of creative well prepared dishes that you would come to expect from an iron chef, because it wasn't.  It just wasn't.  Wasn't worth the visit, the drinks were weak, and the food was ordinary.  This ruined one of my sinful delights, watching "Throw Down".    How can I watch Bobby knowing his restaurants don't live up to the hype.   How can I watch knowing he would never skimp on alcohol on his shows, but his restaurants are serving up some weak cactus margaritas. The prices are high and the value is low.  There are many other good places to eat in Vegas, unfortunately,  Mesa Grill isn't one of themSorry Bobby, perhaps you should do a Throw down here, you might actually this one.
5	In Caesars Palace there lies a little restaurant called Mesa Grill.  You've might of heard of the owner, a guy named Bobby Flay? Ok, so this restaurant is not so small, in fact it's huge!  But not in size, in popularity and for good reason!The service was fantastic, the design of the place is spectacular, and the food?  OMG!!!  The food is some of the best we have ever tasted in a very long time!  Everything that we ordered was perfect and yummy!We started off with appetizers:Yucatan Chicken Tacos Grilled Red Onion +Peanut-Smoked Chile Barbecue Sauce Goat Cheese "Queso Fundido Rajas + Blue Corn Tortilla Strips OMG!!  Amazing!!I ordered:Mango + Spice Crusted Tuna SteakGreen Peppercorn-Green Chile Sauce + Toasted Pine nut Cous Cous My husband ordered:New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork TenderloinBourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan Butter The Tuna was cooked to perfection as was the Pork Tenderloin.  The sauces that went with these dishes were amazing and I can see why Bobby Flay is one of the best Chef's in the World!  My Tuna came with Couscous which had a taste that was indescribable and cooked to perfection, and My husbands Pork Tenderloin had a Sweet Potato Tamale that came with it that was so delicious it was like eating desert along with your main course!We shared desert.  A Banana Creme Pie!  Yummy right?  Not as impressive as the rest of the dinner, but good at that.  Wasn't real sweet and seemed to be lacking something.But all in all our time spent at the Mesa Grill was a Fantastic one, and we will go back again and again
5	I was super excited to try this place after hearing about it so much. It really did live up to the hype! My favorites were the bread, the queso fundido, the sixteen spice chicken was super flavorful, the pork tenderloin was tender and had a big kick to it, the sweet potato tamale was Amazing! For desserts we got churros and chocolate, banana cream pie and chocolate corn bread pudding. They were all delicious, but the chocolate pudding was probably the best dessert of the night. I can't wait to come back because this place is super good.
3	Cold food.  Had to send my entre back.  It has been dumbed down for Joe Restaurant.  Tighten it up Bobby.
4	I had a lot of fun here with my friends. 60% of the table ordered the pork tenderloin, which was, indeed, fantastic. It fell right apart in my mouth. I've described a lot of pork as "dry and chewy" but this was the exact opposite. I ordered the duck breast and it was everything I wanted it to be and more. I rarely order duck but the side was a chorizo and goat cheese tamale (!) was too enticing to pass up; it's too bad that was a bit too dry, but the breast made up for it. My other friend ordered the coffee crusted filet mignon, which was super tasty. The pork portion was huge, but the duck was pretty small. So, that was a tad disappointing. The desserts were pretty good (banana cream pie & apple pie), but nothing out of this world at all.Beware, some of the food is very spicy (duh), which I love but some people could grow tired of the tastebud assault. The drinks are ridiculously tasty and strong, though a bit overpriced. The cactus pear margarita was striking and tasted even better. Even Bobby Flay haters won't be disappointed, trust me.
5	My turn!  I had friends in town from back home in the Pacific NW and we were well on our way to Ellis Island, which is RIGHT around the corner from their hotel (Tuscany)...I was dreaming of the BBQ when Vern told me this is Rob's first trip to Vegas...well, HELL NO, we're heading to Caesars Palace to get this party started right.  Did I mention I started working there a week ago?  No?  My bad...I get a discount on restaurants there so I asked my friends if they have ever heard of Mesa Grill?  Nope...   Do they watch the food network ?" and you can see the  lights starting to come on..."Yes!"  They know Bobby Flay...it's tough to get to the sensitive side of bomb disposal guys but I managed...I called around 5:30 PM on Sunday, last night, and asked for reservations within 30 minutes.  The very nice lady who answered the phone had a place for us in 45 minutes.  Sweet!  Gave us some time to check out the new pool, show them where the Seven Stars Diamond Lounge is located, check out the pics of Joe Namath standing on the sidelines with Bear Bryant, and Mohammad Ali knocking out Sonny Liston.... We arrived to a team of four standing in the elegantly adorned entry.  The place is SEXY.  Note to self, bring date here!  Big smiles from the Hostess.  Felt very welcome and warm fuzzies all over.  :~)  We were about 20 minutes early and wanted to get a drink, but they sat us immediately.  The place was packed with smartly dressed people, all having their taste buds do the Snoopy Dance as they dined on incredible looking foods.  Just beautiful presentations all around.  We're seated at a table for 4; two chairs and a booth like seating with nice cushions and a wonderful view of the entire restaurant from back to front.  I let my visiting friends have the luxurious view since I wanted this to be a special and memorable event for them.  It's like stadium seating where there is the ground floor seating...(had written a much more entertaining review two weeks ago when I went  but my #$^%%$$ ^%$#!@ wireless kicked me OUT!!!  I'm okay now but do apologize if this segment of the review lacks luster)I've since forgotten the names of our incredible Wait Person, and her entourage, but we got kiss butt service, everything was explained, they were professional without being stuffy, helpful, knowledgeable and supportive of our choices, without saying, "that's my favorite"... I can't be that lucky or I had better go buy a lotto ticket.  I digress...not about me...Take a peek at the pic and those pics SHOUT a thousand words about how amazing this place is.Get ready to have your taste buds do the happy dance.Chow!
5	The food and wine was excellent. If you don't know about wine they have a wine expert come to every table and answer any questions that you have. I enjoyed the experience and resturant is a large and has nice atmosphere.
4	The famous Mesa Grill, owned by chef Bobby Flay (one of my favorite TV personality chefs) is located inside Caesars Palace. Make a reservation its hard to get it (we did).The decor was kind of lounge like, not what I would call romantic but not bar and grill like. Just a relaxed upscale lounge, a bit of noise from a large room with a good number of people. We were seated to close to other couples and a large party, its my only real knock on the place, give us a few more inches between tables (its literally about 8 inches).The wait staff was great, different waiters for different function. The main waiter knew the menu, was able to make recommendations and assisted us with our selections very well. I would say the service was some of the best I have had. We had the usual appetizer and meal, I had the classic Mesa Ribeye and my WIfe had Lamb chops. Bother were cooked expertly and seasoned well. I would honestly say that hers was better than mine, but beef can be boring when sat next to well prepared lamb (according to my taste).The appetizer, drinks, and dessert was a reasonable bill for a very nice meal. I would say overall one of the better meals I have had at a high end place, so often you pay piles of cash for pretense and marketing. At Mesa you get great service, good food, and ample amounts. It is really a bargain.
2	I ate here on Saturday night and it was a really disappointing experience. Our waiter was a dick (wish I knew his name so you could avoid his douche-ness) and the menu was less than innovative. Watching Bobby on TV, you'd think his dishes would have a little more spunk and creativity involved but it was all just blah. -Goat Cheese 'Queso Fundido': Very good, but then again how hard is it to screw up melted cheese? Not super creative or special. -Chile Relleno: 'cornmeal crust' was very dry, pepper was undercooked and tough, sauce was only redeeming part. -Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon: If you don't like cumin, you will hate this. It's LOADED on the outside with cumin like someone dumped a whole spice jar of it on there (which I hate and wasn't mentioned or I wouldn't have ordered it). Mushroom-Ancho Chile Sauce is VERY spicy and I like spice. Between cutting off the outside to avoid choking on the cumin and not being able to eat most of the mushrooms, it was wasted. It was, however, cooked perfectly as I ordered it medium. We didn't have cocktails, only wine so I can't speak about the mixed drinks. The whole experience was a total letdown. There are so many better places in Vegas... would not waste my time or money on this one again.
4	Bobby Flay's recipes are flat out delicious, but I'm not sure if the price is worth what you get. The lounge atmosphere was nice (especially after a long day of travel!).First off, I am less than happy about the reservations setup there. My party had reservations for 10 for 12:30 and arrived about 15 minutes early ... but weren't seated until 15 minutes past our reservations. Given they had known we were coming for nearly a month, and we'd confirmed the reservations earlier that day, they should have made sure everything was ready. The delay *wasn't* because the tables were all full, incidentally - where we sat was empty and clean and waiting for us when we arrived. I'm also less than happy about the upsell for bottled water - they didn't offer ice water when we seated (just bottled water - sparkling or flat) and implied tap water was not available.My party ended up ordering the Goat Cheese ("Queso Fundido") with rajas and tortilla strips as an appitizer, and getting baskets of bread with a ciobatta, some sort of wheat bread with cranberries in it, and a chile cornbread. The Queso Fundido which was creamy and a little spicy and very delicious, and I could have happily eaten an entire order by myself. It wasn't as spicy as I had expected it to be, but that's ok, it was perfect with the goat cheese. The ciabatta and the wheat bread were great (I did eat almost the entire basket of that). I liked the chile cornbread, but thought it was really weak in the spice department and it was cold in the middle, like they had baked a bunch and froze them and just reheated it for lunch and got it in long enough that it was all thawed and the outsides were warmish, but the middle was still ice cold.For entrees, many people ordered the Mesa Burger (double cheddar, grilled vidalia onion, and horseradish mustard on a house roll with southwest fries). One person ordered the Pressed Cuban Burger (which was a burger with ham, swiss cheese, pickles, dijon mustard, and roasted garlic mayo with adobo fries). I ordered the Grilled Mahi Mahi, which came with a roasted pineapple-cascabel chile sauce and a pineapple-green onion salsa. One person ordered the Yucatan Chicken Tacos (with grilled red onion and a peanut smoked chile BBQ sauce), and the person next to me ordered the New Mexico-style Pork Tenderloin Sandwich (with grilled red onion, arugula, ancho-chile mayo, and southwest fries).I quite enjoyed the Mahi Mahi. The pineapple-chile sauce was spicy enough to give a nice kick to the fish, and the pineapple-onion salsa gave a balancing sweetness. I ended up using some bread to mop up the last of the chile sauce because it was that good (and I was that hungry!). Everyone else seemed to quite enjoy their lunches as well.Price-wise, there was some grumbling at the end that it was a little expensive for what you get. In my opinion, it cost a little more than I thought it was worth, but not so much that I would never return. The service was good (the reservation and water upselling issues aside), the food was excellent.
4	Oh this place kills me. I wanted to dislike it. I was felt myself being overly critical from the second I sat down with my party of 5. I have always been somewhat annoyed by Bobby Flay, for a variety of reasons. Mesa Grill overcame my issues with their no-show celebrity chef. I had the charred, bone-in, ribeye with a sweet and spicy chipotle glaze with the green chili queso smothered mashed potatoes. The potatoes were very good and cheesy with just the right chili bite. That was fine. Let's get to the main event. The ribeye was almost confrontational in its size and presentation. Everything about the prep and presentation was..., aggressive: aggressively cooked over a very hot charcoal grill, intensely spiced and plated with very little else on the place other than a little bit sauce and garnish. Let me tell you, it works. When you have a prime piece of beef like that, perfectly cooked, I don't know what more you should do to spruce it up. I made the comment, "I could see Elvis eating this." All of the other members of my party were very happy with their meals. The chorizo tamale was a little dry but it was still well executed. The atmosphere is an extremely modern, Southwest vibe. I thought the "lobby" looked a little like something out of Barbarella. But I did like that movie... The service was good. It is a little spendy but the quality of the ingredients and presentation more than met my value expectations.
5	Yum yum yum yum.  Great surprise from Mesa Grill.  We came here on a Sunday night around 9:00, and it was not busy.  Our group shared an assortment of appetizers and loved every one.  Spicy!  My fave was the tuna nachos.  Prickly pear margaritas, yes please.  Ask for an extra order of bread, you got it - served with soft butter, I might add.  Who knew dinner also came with a show?  Our server was a spritely Eastern European who gave us the inside scoop on all the celebrity diners (Girls Next Door, super nice, Simpson sisters, bitches) as well as a fascinating and slightly inappropriate monologue on the price of beauty in Vegas.  Anyhow, I digress.  Dinner was delicious, service was great, and I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Everytime  I am in Vegas I put the Mesa Grill on the rotation.  I have been here 5 times and each time was wonderful.  The Mesa burger is huge and amazing.  You can't go wrong with any of the seafood dishes.Love the atmosphere, the service, and the Southwestern touch to all of the dishes.  For those that like to drink they have a nice Tequilla selection and some fun cocktails.  Your in Vegas so have a few drinks and gamble a little.  I haven't had brunch so I have no comment about the brunch, but a great place for lunch or dinner.
4	For my #100 review, it will go to none other than the restaurant owned by my celebrity crush, Bobby Flay! I am a hugeeee fan of Bobby Flay, and food network, Iron Chef in particular.  I have always wanted to try his menu and ever since I found out he had a restaurant in Las Vegas, I been waiting for the next time I went to eat at Mesa Grill.  Well after going to vegas for 4 times and NOT having the chance to eat at Mesa Grill, I finally got to go eat lunch at Mesa Grill this past weekend.I would have much rather come here for dinner, since it has a wider variety than lunch, but I was still very excited none the less.  Everyone in my group got their own lunch entree, and a few of us shared a couple appetizers.  For appetizers, I got to try the Blue Corn Pancake, Rough Cut Tuna Nachos, and the Spicy Beef Tenderloin Tartare.Blue Corn Pancake - I LOVED this appetizer! Bobby Flay is known for his chili sauces, and it did not disappoint!  The sauce went soo well with the tender duck and soft pancake.  The only bad thing about this dish was that there was not enough of it!Rough Cut Tuna Nachos - I love raw appetizers, tuna and salmon dishes especially. The Mango and Habanero hot sauce mixture was very different for me, but still good. Spicy Beef Tenderloin Tartae - It said it comes with a green onion potato salad but I have no idea where that was.  It was presented with the tenderloin tartare, a few pieces of toast, and shitake mushrooms.  My first time eating raw beef in a tartare form and I really liked it.  It was good by itself, or piled onto the toasted bread and a piece of the shitake mushroom.While everyone else chose a burger or sandwich, I tried to be different and went along with the Mahi Mahi with roasted pineapple sauce and, caramalized pineapple, and creamy green chili rice.  I'm terribly sorry to say Bobby Flay, but this is probably one of the worst dish I have ever ordered.  The mahi mahi was tasteless and very dry, and it did not go well with the rest of the dish.  I enjoyed eating the little pieces of pineapple and the rice more than the main part of the dish.  My friend had said, "the one person that wanted to go here the most, ordered the worst" Minus 1 star for this dish, or else it would've been a 5 star restaurant to me.However, I was able to try the New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich and the Pressed Cuban Burger, both which was amazingly good, especially the Pressed Cuban Burger.  When I first read it on the menu, I was confused because it didn't mention a burger patty, just smoked ham, and I did not want it.  What a big mistake! The smoked ham along the juicy burger and swiss cheese, pickles, and roasted garlic mayonnaise was to die for! Probably one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life. The New Mexican Spiced Pork sandwich was a little simpler tasting, but still very good. The pork was well seasoned and not try like most pork pieces would be.Two of my friends ordered from the pri fixe menu that came with a chocolate dessert that we all got to sample.  I'm not sure what it is because it just said "Chef's Dessert of the Day" but it reminded me of a chocolate flan with some cookies.  I'm not a big chocolate fan but I really liked this dessert.  It was smooth and creamy and not too sweet.Besides my disappointment with my own entree, I loved everything else at Mesa Grill. The food took awhile to come out (I think they were waiting for all the dishes to be finished soo it can be served to all of us at the same time) but the service was good and Mesa Grill has a very nice atmosphere.  It is a little pricey, but what do you expect from a famous celebrity chef?  It's well worth it in my opinion.  I only wish to be given the chance to travel all around to dine at other Bobby Flay's Restaurants!
3	I got the pre-fixe lunch menu for $29. Blue corn pancake with duck was great. Duck was flavorful, sauces went well. My pork  sandwich: The bread was too thick for the sparse filling. The sauce was spicy and pork soft but the bread tasted like cardboard. I don't know what happened there. The bread they gave us before our meals were great.The fries were dry and tasted leathery. My bf ordered some lamb salad with bacon. The salad was okay but nothing exciting. (this was not part of the pre-fixe)The dessert was a key lime pie ice cream with two cookies. I guess this was a decent dessert but a little bit plain. I guess seeing Bobby Flay on tv made me think that he was creative with food. I guess that's only for tv. Wish his persona on TV came out in his restaurants.
4	Make a reservation! This place is deservedly popular. Everything has quite a kick to it, but they will strip certain menu items of the spices (e.g. Salmon) upon request. Tables are close together and I always end up talking to the coolest people about the food they're eating. Usually a great experience. Last night our waitress was cold and pushy, which detracted from the typically positive dining experience. Otherwise, I highly recommend Mesa Grill.
5	Went here for brunch and it was amazing!Service- 6 stars!goat cheese fundido- 5 starsCreamy grits- 11 million stars and a squeal of excellence! I don't know how the dinner is but the brunch is affordable, tasty, and cheesy.  Now, who can argue with that?!***don't get the bloody mary.  it's nasty (-_-) but it's okay cause I got my creamy grits to wash it down.
4	We attended a time share presentation and received $75 in restaurant vouchers that were valid at Mesa Grill. My wife loves Bobby Flay and wanted to eat here, so we did. We had to get a reservation more than 24 hours in advance, and the place was packed when we arrived.While waiting for our table, I used the restroom. There was a little bit of "number two" on the toilet and on the wall! When I told the guy at the front desk he immediately called someone to have it taken care of. So that was impressive.We sat and waited in a comfortable and contemporary couch. We were called almost exactly at our reservation time.At our dining table, we were served bread which was unique and delicious. The corn meal muffin was slightly dry and very crumbly. We ordered a second basket of bread.Entrees range from $32 to $50. Steaks are on the high end. We ordered Salmon and Duck. We did not have appetizers and we did not order drinks.Both of our entrees were absolutely outstanding. The salmon was not farm. It was fresh, moist, fatty, and perfect. The duck was glazed, medium rare, and greatFor dessert, we split a coconut crusted piece of cake. It was very light, and very sweet. Really good. We left the restaurant stuffed and satisfied with great food. Total came to $85. I left $75 in vouchers, $10 cash, and another $15 tip. So $100 total for two dinners and one dessert. That's a little on the high side for me. I imagine the price would double if we'd had an appetizer, a couple of drinks and one extra dessert.Only down side was the service. It wasn't bad, BUT for these prices you expect better and faster service. They should fill your water almost as soon as you are at 50%. They should pull out your wife's chair, and give you or napkin. They should take your empty plate faster, and take your empty bread basket faster. Just better attention would help a lot.Overall, great experience, with opportunities in the waiter area.
4	First of all, I have to say I probably am not being that fair in my restaurant rating, because Bobby Flay kind of seems like a jackass to me.Ok, setting aside my prejudice against him as much as I can, I would say my meal was decent. I ordered the seven spice chicken or something that effect. I really couldn't note the complexity of the spices in this dish. I definitely was expecting something that tasted a little louder and had more depth. I did notice that my friend's husband had an amazing looking pork dish that I almost stole. I think if I tried that dish I would give this place at least a four. Based on my chicken, I'd have to say this place was a 3.5, but I'd be willing to go back, amend my review and give Mr. Flay another chance. I mean, aren't we all jackasses one time or another?
4	Sat at the bar for drinks and appetizers. The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly. My friend had a Margarita which he said was amazing because they make their own sour mix from fresh lime. The Fried Squid(what its called on the menu) was the best I have every had and the accompanying sauces fit the like a hand in a glove. Well done Mr. Flay. I know this sounds strange but, the bread sticks were wonderful.
4	Its tough to review Mesa because during our last trip to vegas we went to both Bouchon and Mesa, and comparatively Bouchon should be in the upper stratosphere fantastic compared to Mesa - but I think our group found some of Mesa''s brunch offerings to exceed Bouchon. Which is almost crazy to say.We arrived, no reservations, with a group of 8 people and were seated in groups of 4 right next to each other. No drinks for us, but ordered the queso fundido to start - goat cheese and bell peppers melted in a cast iron skillet with blue corn tortilla chips - excellent.Ordered up the spicy chicken sweet potato hash with poached eggs, the chilaquiles, spicy srambled eggs, and egg enchiladas. Before we get to the main food, lets talk about the baked basket you get.This is hands down the best baked goods basket I've ever had in my life (even the fact that it was free). First off, the jalapeno cornbread was like eating small atom bombs good with sweet cream butter. There was a veggie corn muffin which I can't even describe and some sort of blueberry coffee bar which basically was so good i didn't even get to try more than a morsel before it was snapped up. No joke, I could have just ordered two more baked baskets and been very happy. Did I mention it was free?On to the main attractions: I ordered the spicy chicken sweet potato with poached egg and green chili hollandaise. Seriously, this was the most unexpected dish I have ever had. The chicken and sweet potato is fused into a sort of loose biscuit with a perfectly runny poached egg, and served with a spicy (but good) hollandaise. I couldn't stop eating it. Seriously, I'd say this is one of the most original and delicious plays on eggs benedict I've ever had. Go for it.The egg enchilada was a bit underwhelming and dry, and sort of sparse for the dish - luckily we had plenty of other food. The spicy scrambled eggs, were exactly as they sound - spicy scrambled eggs, but very delicious. And finally the chilaquiles, which from my mexican friend who ordered it, were very authentic, crispy, and delicious. Our other table ordered more of the same, with one person ordering the slider-style burgers, and stating that it was the best burger she ever had (she is in fact, vegetarian). Got out under $30 a person, with quick service, delicious food, beautiful American-style clean sophistication to the dishes, and a seriously seriously full and satisfied tummy. Definitely a must-do.
3	Everything was great, but what happened to dessert?!Our group almost thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at Mesa Grill. We had several appetizers, the Queso Fundido and the smoked chicken black bean quesadilla being the favorites, and lots of entrees, with the rib-eye and the duck breast getting the most acclaim. Even the bread was delectable. But what prevented Mesa Grill from getting five stars? The desserts! We were so surprised when the desserts came out and none of us liked them. We had chocolate corn bread pudding, two warm apple pies, churros and a fourth dessert that I can't name at the moment (I'm staring at it in a picture and I still can't name it). Out of the four, the warm apple pie was the best of the worst.. The churros tasted more burned than anything else, and the chocolate corn bread pudding was more corn than chocolate or bread pudding.What happened Booby Flay? Mesa could have gotten five stars, but dessert was a total miss. If new desserts were to be created for Mesa Grill, I will gladly change my rating from 3 to 5 stars. Please concoct new desserts! ASAP!Good: The bread, the appetizers, and the delectable entrees.Bad: Dessert. Final: Bobby Flay! Make some good desserts! PLEASE!!!
5	By far the best meal I have ever had.  Everything from the Margarita to dessert was excellent.  Our server had great recommendations.  The Serrano corn muffins, Jalepeno cheese bread, Goat Cheese Queso Fundito, Cornmeal crusted chile relleno, Lamb porterhouse (the sauce was heaven), and Churros were flawless.If there is a negative, it was the reservation policy (through Ceasar's concierge which is listed on the MESA website).  When I called for a party of two I was told a $50 no-show fee would be charged to my credit card unless I cancelled before 3 p.m.  As I was driving in from L.A. and not leaving until noon, I was a bit aprehensive.  They did give me the direct number to change the reservation if needed.  Imagine my surprise when, upon entering the restaurant, I saw over half the tables empty.  Granted it was Tuesday at 9 p.m., but the reservation penalty seemed a bit harsh.  Unless it is a weekend or holiday, just plan on walking in.
2	No more celebrity chef restaurants.  They are over-hyped and they under-delivery  Mesa Grill is a mixed bag.  Beautiful space and design.  Excellent, although hard selling drinks and desert, servers.  The corn bread and other breads served before starters were good, not great.  I found a bug on one piece of bread.  The apps were fair.  The duck pancake has amazing taste but it was cold when it got to the table.  The Cippiono had great flavor but the scallops were served raw and were gritty; they hadn't been clean properly.  The veal chop was tasty but also tepid not hot and really fatty.  The prices are high because it's a celebrity chef restaurant.  Was it fun to try, absolutely.  Was it worth the money- nope.
5	Hands down favorite restaurant on the strip.  Been here multiple times and it keeps exceeding my taste buds and expectations each and every time.  Try the filet, a bit of a kick!
5	I have eaten at Mesa twice, once in 2010 and the other in 2008.  Both visits have left me extremely happy and satisfied.  The food is exceptional and the drinks are well paired.  This last visit in June of 2010, our waiter was very helpful.  He recommended a delicious cheese dip and always made sure we were taken care of without being annoying.  Mesa is a solid restaurant whenever you are feeling the southwestern bug in Vegas.
4	We arrived at Mesa at exactly 5:00 pm, ready to just pop in with no reservations as if we owned the place.  Not so much.  The place was already booked well in advance (damn) but lucky for us, we were able to secure some great seats at the bar.  Frankly, I think you get great (attentive) service at the bar because you're right in the face of the bartender - hard to be ignored right?I came here with my partner on the recommendation of a colleague.  She was right.  I really liked it.  Okay, the prices were a bit ridonkulous but I'm a foodie and will pay up from time to time. We started out with the tiger shrimp tamale - an appetizer large enough to share.  Tasty, yummy, damn fine masa.My partner got the filet (he asked everyone).  It was an expensive but expansive cut of meat.  The crusted exterior softly cut through to a medium rare center.  I don't think I've seen a filet mignon cooked as close to perfection as this one.  The spicy crust was incredible.As for me, I went vegie, which I never do, but was really thinking that the chile relleno with eggplant looked interesting.  It was and is was good.  It's hard to describe this monstrosity of goodness.  It was huge and I ate every damn bit of it.  We felt compelled to get a side dish (twice baked potato) but really upon reflection, it was unnecessary.  Our bill capped out at close to $200 with drinks but the experience was worth it.I'd give it five stars but the location inside Caesers left a (lot) to be desired.  You can't really truly away from the casino vibe even in a well-appointed restaurant.
4	More like 3.5 stars.I arrived here for a short layover from the San Antonio conference prior to heading back to California.  I was expecting a lot and my expectations may have influenced the number of stars.First off, service was excellent.  Our waitress was informative and helpful.  No drinks were unattended for long.  Excellent experience from that standpoint.Also, the bread basket was excellent too, except for the too crumbly corn bread (?).Here's what I sampled:- Gala Apple Salad (Baby spinach, maytag blue cheese, toasted pecans, & a spicy orange vinaigrette - I really enjoyed the salad, I just cannot understand the fascination with some of the cheeses.  I would of loved it sans the blue cheese).- Blue Corn Pancake (Barbecued Duck & Habanero Chile-Star Anise Sauce - the sauce was nice, but you could seriously have changed the meat to pork and I wouldn't have noticed any difference.  Would have really liked to have tasted the duck).- Creamy Wild Mushroom Grits (Poached Egg, Charred Serrano Sauce, Cotija Cheese, & Blue Corn Tortilla Crisps - the waitress warned us that these were different grits and they were, but really egg makes a whole lot of stuff better)- Wild Mushroom Quesadilla (White bean Hummus & White Truffle Oil - I thought it was good, but not great).For dinner, I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin (Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce, Sweet Potato Tamale, & Crushed Pecan Butter).  I thought the tenderloin was very well cooked and was pretty tasty.  The Tamale was on the dry side for me, but I'm no tamale aficionado, so take that with a grain of salt.I also sampled the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops and thought it was good, although it seemed slightly undercooked for medium rare.I also tried the Brussels Sprouts which were okay.To finish, I rushed through the Pineapple Buttermilk Upside Down Cake which was just okay for me.  Nothing special.I really expected a lot from Bobby Flay's and was kinda disappointed.  I thought the service was really good, but the food just okay.
1	Im an avid foodnetwork guru and always wondered why Boby was so cocky. Apparently he has to be since his food is not so great which must be the reason why he always gets beat on Throwdown. Not authentic and super mediocre flat out bland.My husband had the Mesa burger which was super dry and didnt even finish. I had thespicy chicken + sweet potato hash was way over priced and more like a meal from denny'sCame here during super bowl 2010, maybe they were too busy? not sure I'd ever come back.
3	I came here for lunch and ordered a very satisfying burger.  It was fresh, juicy and absolutely tasty.  BUT the blue duck pancake appetizer was a total bust.  It was covered in a sweet sauce (similiar to the one on asian salads) that overwhelmed the entire dish.  YUCK!  My friend ordered the salmon and it was not spectacular nor despicable...just ok. We didn't have to wait long for a seat since it was a slow Monday afternoon. The service was professionaly great.  The bright colored southern modern decor was very Bobby Flay and it was priced like Bobbly Flay too (meaning it was expensive). I would come back here for burger and nothing else...and get it to go too.
4	Decent pisco sour. Breads were interesting, especially the one with pieces of corn in it. The wWoman next to me said her duck was orgasmic, so I suppose I should have gotten that. Strawberry Fields cocktail is delicious - tastes like fresh strawberries! Churros are also delicious and sophisticated with the star anise. So honestly, I ended up going back a few nights later and I enjoyed the experience more. I ended up ordering a bunch of appetizers and cocktails. I changed my star rating from a 3 to a 4 after this second experience.
4	Never was a fan of southwest influenced food, other than BBQ, before coming to Mesa Grill! I think they put crack in their ancho chilli sauce which keeps the droves of people coming back. I've never had anything I didn't like and I must have visted MG at least 8+ times. Great spice, stellar service, and even their jalepeno bread rocks. Did I mention they even have quality paper towels in their restrooms?! You could literally use it to wrap a babys bottom!
5	Right off the bat, I have to warn my fellow Yelpers who might be thinking of dining here: Make reservations. Alright, on to the review. The decor of the place is vibrant and feels youthful. There was no prix fixe menu at the moment, bummer. The bread basket was nice and tasty (I think they had 3 variety of breads). Heck I even asked for 2nd batch and took it home.1. For appetizers, I ordered the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido w/ Rajas and Ha had the Tiger Shrimp Tamale with roasted garlic cream sauce. Both appetizers were great. I love goat cheese, so using that kind of cheese for a queso fundido was great, but the rajas really added nice flavor. The Tiger Shrimp Tamale was incredible. The masa was nice and light, and the shrimp were seasoned nicely. You need to soak up as much of the sauce as possible. I know its fatty, but who counts calories these days?2. For Entrees, I ordered the New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin w/ Sweet Potato Tamale and she ordered The Fire Roasted Veal Chop w/ Wild Rice Tamale. Again, both dishes were superb. My Pork tenderloin was cooked to a perfect medium and the sauces that accompanied the dish were delicious, but spicy (which is good for me). That Sweet Potato Tamale aided with the bold flavors. The Veal Chop was velvety, spicy, and absolutely great. 3. Sorry, we were too full and did not order desert.Overall the total was around $120, but hey its Vegas and you expect to spend that amount for a nice dinner! Worth every penny. I'm coming back here and would recommend it!
5	The best bone-in rib-eye west of the Mississippi.This place is absolutely phenomenal.  I first ate here 2 years ago on a trip with some friends and the establishment came mildly recommended.  Boy did they understate that desert oasis.  I have never tasted such delightfully succulent tastes in my mouth that was so joyous I had to scream to the high heavens HALLELUJAH!!!  The decor is not bad.  Open seating with an open kitchen and a 180 degree view of the Caesar's Palace casino and Race and Sportsbook.  Grab the right table with the right view and you can be watching the best action in sports without missing a beat.  The waiters here are excellent.  Every time I frequent here the help is tremendous and extremely knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.  Be sure to treat yourself to the delectable Yucatan chicken tacos.  I am a Mexican food fanatic and was skeptical about this appetizer at first, but once the combination of grilled red onions mixed with peanut -smoked chile barbecue sauce touched these lips, I was in ecstasy.  The chicken was moist and tender and the salsa just topped it off with a zest of spice and deliciousness.  This ain't your hole-in-the-wall taco.  This is the perfect balance of a southwestern explosion and the haute sensation of luxury, all in a warm fluffy tortilla.On to the main event.  The Creme de la Creme.  The substance of your hopes and dreams.  The thing you live for and what you will savor until you squeeze the very last drop out of this ridiculous and orgasmic taste.  It's the 22 ounce, chipotle glazed, bone in rib eye garnished with red and green chile sauce.  Let me just say this: if they ever took this item off of the menu, I would kill myself.  I would go straight to the roof of Caesar's Palace and jump straight off without even a peep of hesitation or fear.  My life as I knew it would be over and there would be nothing left in this wicked world to live for.  The meat on this steak is the most satisfying thing I have ever come across in my short life.  It is absolutely flawless.  The juicy flesh falls right off the bone and shortly thereafter it will suddenly appear on your tongue and the millisecond that happens, your life will have become better for it.  The angels will sing and 2 or 3 serial killers will suddenly stop killing.  Rainbows will emerge from the horizon and God himself will appear at your table just to give you a smile and a double back tap hug.  It's that good.So do yourself a favor and eat here.  You'll be glad you did.
4	We had planned to eat here for dinner on our 2nd nite which coincidentally was our last nite, and unfortunately the next opening wasn't until 9pm.  But the next day we ended up eating for lunch, and got in without waiting.  I'm expecting it to be with LOTS of Bobby Flay-esque style and design.  He seems to like the mexican flair, color scheme was of the red, green, white, yellow and orange spectrum...  The waiting area was pretty nice, and the dining room inside was pretty nice...   Food was VERY TASTY...  The blue corn pancake which had barbecued duck was definitely a single appetizer portion.  But even still, it was a small portion.  Then he had the Smoked Shrimp Tacos & Salsas and I had the Mesa Grill Burger.  The Shrimp Tacos was also a small portion.  It barely filled him up.  Luckily I couldn't finish my burger, and luckily I split it in half already.  Funny thing, the other tables surrounding us, had ordered the same things we ordered.  But overall, his food is very tasty...  I noticed as far as accompaniments with main dishes, they all seemed kinda on the spicy side...  I'm not too crazy on spicy...  but what we ordered was pretty good...  Be prepared, prices are on the "Vegas" side... A little pricey but pretty average for Vegas...  It's a worth check see, especially if you're a Bobby Flay Fan...
5	would have to say one of the best places to eat when in vegas....the food was awesome...the service was great...no need to say more.  i love this place...its a must...
5	I know that some people are annoyed by Bobby Flay being all over the airwaves, but now I firmly believe he can back it up with real cooking talent. (or at least menu making talent)We ate here twice, both times during lunch and both times very different. The first time we ate here a long while back, it was a Monday right at opening so there were only a few tables of people. And we had, by far, the BEST service I have ever experienced at a restaurant in my life. This last time it was a Friday around 1pm and every table in the place was full, everyone and their brother wanted to be there. And our service was still very good although impossible for them to be as attentive. I think the key is that there is a waiter and an assistant, so someone is always filling your glass and available for anything you could possibly need. Everything we have eaten here has been awesome and I recommend any of them. Blue corn pancake w/ duck and habanero, goat cheese queso fundido, spicy chicken and sweet potato hash, steak sandwich, pressed Cuban burger. The seating is comfortable and accessible. The decor is really lovely in Southwest colors. Lunch time is really casual and easy to get a table. Even if its busy, you are seated quickly. No need for reservations. Although if you do wish to call ahead, please note that you will be talking to Caesars and not the restaurant itself - and Caesars requires a credit card to hold any reservations. We like coming here so much, we have decided it is our LV ritual now. And I look forward to venturing to the NE region to try some other Bobby Flay establishments in the future.
5	I took my husband to Vegas for his 40th to fulfill two great desires - see Love (the Beatles Cirque du Soleil show) and eat at Bobby Flay's restaurant. I also made a reservation at the restaurant at the top of the Stratosphere which is one of the highest rated restaurants in Vegas. We canceled so we could eat at Mesa Grill again. Yes Bobby Flay is all over Food Network, but he cooks to the flavor profile we prefer (and he's disdainful of Rachel Ray which makes me happy because she annoys the heck out of me). Ambiance: Modern with an nod to the Old West. Good for a romantic dinner, a professional meal, or an upscale meal with friends. They also have a private dining room. Service: Best waiter I have ever had in my life. He could speak intelligently about the menu in the way a hardcore foodie or critic could (an accomplishment in an establishment that frequently changes their menu). He was present when you wanted him, an absent when you wanted some privacy. He was awesome. Food: Sex on a plate. In the realm of appetizers we had pumpkin soup and a lovely tartar plate of tuna and salmon with these AMAZING sauces. For entrees we had a 44 spice rubbed steak, lamb, chicken, and pork - all perfectly prepared and exquisitely seasoned. One of my favorite bites was a side dish of a sweet potato and chile tamale. Pricing: Not cheap, but worth every dime. I've paid more for less enjoyable fare. I've rarely had more enjoyable food. This place is in my list of top dining experiences of my lifetime. In fact, when we drive to New Mexico for the holidays, we are going to drive 4 hours out of our way just to eat dinner at Mesa Grill.
3	My hubby suggested that we go to Mesa Grill for lunch since he ate at the restaurant for dinner last year. Apparently, there is a dress code for men for the dining area. No tank tops. Boo. My hubby and I were disappointed that we couldn't have the full dining experience, since we ate at the bar.I love the appetizer breads. My favorite is the corn muffin. Yum! Since we didn't have breakfast, I was practically full from eating bread. I had the Grilled Mahi Mahi with the roasted pineapple chile sauce, carmelized pineapple - green onion salsa and green chile rice ($24). The mahi mahi was overcooked, so I didn't like the dish too much. In addition, the fish wasn't that large. Way overpriced for lunch. At least the sauces were good. My hubby ordered the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash with the poached egg and green chile hollaindaise ($18). Yum! This is a very savory dish due to the sweet potato hash. There is some spice to the chicken. I love the presentation of this dish. The texture is a bit mushy due to the shredded chicken and sweet potato. It is like eating baby food. However, the dish is tasty! I would try this place again for dinner. Hopefully the portions are larger at dinner.
5	Went to Mesa Grill on a double-date of sorts with my boy Alby while in Las Vegas for work last week.  I have been to Mesa Grill before, maybe 4 or 5 years ago and remember it being phenomenal.  Food Network celebrity chef Bobby Flay owns the place, and that is a pretty damn good endorsement.  It's also in one of my favorite Vegas spots, Caesars Palace.We started with a delicious Chicken Quesadilla appetizer, but moved into bigger and better items with the main course...The girls each ordered the Sixteen Spice Chicken with garlic-mango sauce and buttermilk-chive mashed potatoes.  Alby ordered the Grilled Pineapple Mahi Mahi with green chile rice.  And I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbled Pork Tenderloin with a sweet potato tamale.We all shared bites with each other.  I thought the Mahi was best, the girls thought the Pork was best.  Alby liked the chicken.  All three items were actually pretty spicy and hot (warning to you wusses out there).  I will say, my sweet potato tamale with pecan butter was untouchable as far as our side dishes went.Dessert was the only blemish on a perfect evening of dining.  We had the Peach Berry Cobbler, and while it was good... the awful ginger ice-cream really put a strange and unnecessary twist to it.Overall, five stars and a great place for a good meal in Sin City.  Another bonus is that it is next to the Caesars Sports Book if there is any wait for a table...
5	Loved it.  We went with another couple for dinner on a Saturday night.  We made reservations.. The service was top notch.  I usually am the one at the table that finishes her water and then waits...for more.  I never had more than two sips out of my glass before it was full again.  It was awesome.  The waitress was outstanding.  Now the food.They brought a basket of bread and let me tell you I was in heaven.  There was a raisin nut bread, a jalapeno bread and corn muffins.  They were so good we asked for another basket and finished it. My husband and I had margaritas, me peach, him the special agave nectar one.  They were good.We had the TIGER SHRIMP+ ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE which was fine.  I didn't like the tamale much but the shrimp and sauce were wonderful.  Next I had the GRILLED LAMB PORTERHOUSE CHOPS which were out of this world good.  I ate all of them save for the bites I gave around the table and it was a big portion...the tamale that came with it "meh" not so good but who had room for it.  My husband had the MANGO + SPICE CRUSTED TUNA STEAK and it was delicious too, not as good as my lamb but still really good.  Our friend had the black bean soup - which was delicious and he also had the taco dish which I can't find on their online menu but he didn't think much of it.  Our other friend had the chicken dish which is also not on the online menu and it was ok...it was chicken.  We finished dinner off with the TOASTED COCONUT LAYER CAKE and it was so good I am now ruined for all coconut cake.  It had a coconut cream over the top of it and the layers were moist with I think a simple syrup.  It was so good.I want to go again as soon as possible.
3	I have been wanting to try Mesa Grill forever especially after having a great experience at Bar Americain in New York. So my husband and I and two friends decided to try brunch at Mesa Grill. The restaurant, though small, was very hip and I loved the decor and the bright colors. My husband ordered the sweet potato hash with poach eggs and green chili hollendaise, I ordered the chiliquiles, home fries and also a peach bellini. We were surprised when a bread basket was brought to our table with a variety of breads. One appeared to be a coffee cake, one a blue corn cornbread, one a jalapeno biscuit, and I can't remember what the other was. All were good except the blue corn cornbread which was a little dry. The peach bellini was good but it was very small. I kept eying my friends margarita thinking that I should have gotten that since it was the same price and significantly bigger. The sweet potato hash with poached eggs was amazing and I was sad that I didn't order it. The chiliquiles that I ordered were ok, but could have used more egg. Our friends ordered a burger and the breakfast enchilada's. While the burger looked pretty good and was fairly big, the enchilada's looked really dry and there was very little food on the plate. I decided to try the chocolate corn bread pudding for the sake of trying something a little different. It was ok but I was expecting it to be more like an actual bread pudding. The texture was a bit strange and in my opinion, it tasted like a chocolate cake that had not been baked long enough. All in all, I would say our experience was simply ok. I am glad we went there for brunch which is when the meals are the cheapest but didn't feel that most of the food was worth it for what you paid. On the other hand, the service was actually great and I would still consider going back just to order the sweet potato hash with poached eggs.
4	I am a huge Bobby Flay fan and was so happy to finally try his food firsthand.  At first, I was really turned off by the "tex-mex" concept and even the name "Mesa Grill" didn't sound too appetizing, but we took a risk... and Bobby delivered.  We came here for my husband's 27th birthday and he had a wonderful time.SERVICE: 5 Solid Stars!  The hostesses sat our party right away even though not everyone was there.  We were immediately served water and asked if we wanted any cocktails.  I really loved our waiter.  He wasn't just polite and attentive, but he was also engaging us in wonderful conversation throughout our meal.  He talked to us about how long he had been working there, and what Bobby's like... and he knew the menu like the back of his hand.  It was like having a new friend dine with us throughout the duration of our meal.  I wish I caught his name so I can give him props!FOOD:Bread Basket - 2 stars.  They start you off with a variety of breads.  There was a jalapeno one, another one with some blue corn in it, and a third one that I can't recall.  All were very unique, but unfortunately, I wasn't a fan.  I didn't think the bread was very soft or moist, and the flavors didn't do it for me.  Kudos for thinking outside the box though.  The butter also wasn't the soft, spreadable kind.Blue Corn Pancake - 5 stars.  This appetizer came highly recommended by our server.  There was barbecued duck inside pancake (like a glorified taco), and a habanero chili star-anise sauce drizzled all over it.  The flavors all worked so well together to deliver an explosion of flavors in my mouth.Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla - 4 stars.  This was larger than expected!  It is pretty filling and could easily be substituted for a meal as a filler.  Or you can split this between 2-3 people and share it as an appetizer.  It's a pretty heavy dish and hard to eat too much of.  There's a large fried egg on top of a tortilla.  Embedded in the tortilla is smoked tomato salsa, grilled green onion, and crispy artichokes.  For our entree, my husband and I shared the New Mexican Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin even though I was realllly eyeing the 22 ounce bone-in Ribeye.  The waiter said the pork tenderloin was their signature dish so that's why we ordered it even though I'm not a huge fan of pork.  It wasn't until the dish arrived that we were convinced we had made the right choice!!  WOW, that was one tender, delicious, savory, melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat.  The spice rub added a bit of heat, and I can easily say this is the best piece of pork I've ever been served.  It came with a side of the most amazing tamale.  I can't even begin to describe how good it was.  You just have to try it.  5 Stars for this entire dish!!!I sampled some of the other dishes from my friends, but the pork dish was the definite standout.  My friend ordered the lamb chops, but they tasted a bit gamey and weren't as tender as they could've been.  The pan seared Halibut was tender and flaky paired with a lovely curry spice reduction.  I'd give both these dishes 4 stars.  All in all a wonderful experience.  Glad I finally got to try one of Bobby's restaurants!
5	This is my third time eating at Mesa.  I didn't yelp it the first two times because everything I wanted to say was already written.  Then I realized Yelp isn't only about the restaurant, but also about the reviewer, so I thought I would review it just to add to my reviews.  I had the signture pork tenderloin.  The previous two times, somebody else ordred it and I'm the kind of person who wants to see variety on the table.  I was in Vegas by myself, so this was a perfect time to try the Tenderloin.  WOW!!  As good as everyone else has described.  The habanero tint to the sauce on top really gives it a nice heat.  Not too hot.  Just a warm feeling.  I asked for it Medium Rare nowing all chefs working with pork will tend to overcook it.  So, I got it between medium and medium rare.  Just the way I was expecting it.
2	Sorry Mr. Flay.  You're now a no-go celebrity chef in my book.  This was *the* place we had to go to this time we went to Vegas.  Last trip we ran out of time.  This trip it was planned into the itinerary.  His cooking style seems so close to what we like, how could it go wrong?It could sadly enough and it all began with a margarita.  We know our ritas.  And we know what a Partida margarita should taste like.  I think this was almost straight lime juice for almost $15 a cocktail.  Such a disappointment.  The sandwiches weren't bad - but they weren't fantastic.  Well I thought so.  The new wife hated her roast beef sandwich which was served ice cold.  Mine was just okay- nothing wonderful.For something we waited almost 3 years craving - talk about a sad lunch.  Oh well! Now we know and I'll avoid Mr Flay's restaurants from here on out!
3	While I was sitting outside La Salsa waiting for Mr. WTF to get back with the show tickets, I browsed Yelp on my phone, and discovered that I didn't need to settle for mediocre chain mexican food, I could go next door to Caesar's and try Mesa. Bobby Flay, eh, names don't impress me, but good food and good reviews do.We went in without reservations just before 5pm. The place was pretty empty, yet the hostess said it would be a 25 minute wait. We couldn't wait - had to eat and get over to TI for the Cirque show. So we opted to eat at the bar.Hubby had the Mango + Spice crusted Tuna steak. I tried a bite - it was okay, but couldn't hold a candle to my meal. I got the Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. Gotta give this dish 5 stars - this was probably the best pork I've had in my life. It was spicy but not over the top, full of flavor, juicy, and the sweet tamale it was served with was a perfect companion to offset the heat. I think they should rename it Perfection on a Plate. Or Porkfection...no, wait, that doesn't sound so good. Anyway, if you go here, ORDER THE PORK.We did not receive a bread basket full of goodies, so I'm knocking off a star. The bartender was super nice and she made a killer Lemon Drop. It was pretty pricy for what you get, so I'm not sure we'll go back. There are so many restaurants in Vegas to choose from, and I haven't even scratched the surface. But the pork tenderloin will remain a good memory.
2	AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Someone please call Bobby Flay!! The food here was not so great. I've never tried tex-mex food, but from this experience I don't think I will ever try tex-mex again. The restaurant is not at all fancy, but the minute my brother stepped in he was asked to take off his fedora hat. Come on, its not a baseball cap!! ***FOOD:- They start you off with a basket of bread and this is probably the best thing in the restaurant (sad to say). The jalapeno and the blue berry bread were quite interesting and delicious. - I ordered the shrimp tamale and it was mediocre. I've had better. - The Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich was not the best. The bread was quite hard so I couldn't enjoy the sandwich.- The flavor of the Spicy Chicken Sweet Potato Hash was pretty over-bearing in flavor. - The chicken salad was blah. The chicken was dry and nothing was great about it.Overall, mesa grill you have disappointed me and you will definitely not see me again. You would think the restaurant being owned by an iron chief would be good, but I guess not.
3	Go for appetizers, eat dinner elsewhere.  All of our starters were great (far better than the entrees).  Of particular interest were the tiger shrimp & roasted garlic tamales.  They earned the 3rd star for this review all by themselves.
4	So we had to come back and have a lunch at Mesa!  I had a chopped salad and my husband was totally thrilled over his choice...spicy chicken & sweet potato hash!  He wouldn't shut up about it, haha!  I did try it and it was absolutely wonderful.  On our way out, we over heard the hostess talking about Bobby Flay being there!!  I asked if he was still here, and she said he just left pretty much right right after we came in.  Just our luck....next time Bobby Flay, next time!
5	Wow. If you are a big fan of spice then this is a spot you have to check out. I've never had such a tough decision ordering my meal because everything on the menu looked delicious and right in my wheelhouse. I ended up going with the spice-rubbed pork tenderloin. It was outstanding and had a nice kick with the dabs of habenero sauce. Probably the best pork tenderloin dish I've ever had.A friend got the famous chicken dish there and it was terrific as well.I also highly recommend the queso fundido dip for starters. Especially if you have three or four people, its a great chips and queso dish to snack on while you are waiting for your meal.
5	My one big tip: note that on Saturdays and Sundays, they only have the brunch menu, and do not serve the lunch menu. Worth noting, as I was hoping to get the Pork Tenderloin, and my wife was hoping to get the pressed Cuban burger- neither was available on the brunch menu.That being said, holy crap so good. I watch Top Chef regularly, but I'm not the most adventurous eater out there (don't like seafood, I'm weird like that). So what I liked most about this place is that the food has the quality, taste and presentation you'd expect from a professional, but it's all riffs on food you already know and like.The highlight was definitely the breakfast quesadilla- two very crispy tortillas with bacon, cheese, hash browns, chiles and onion goodness, with salsa and an egg on top to crack and let the yolk run over it (not usually my thing, but worked great here). Just layer upon layer of flavor and texture.With the lunch menu unavailable, I got the pork tenderloin sandwich and my wife got their standard burger. The fries were actually the highlight, very crispy and well seasoned with a unique smokey flavor. My sandwich was very good, but not at the level of the quesadilla (same with my wife's burger).All this said, I can't wait to come back and get the dishes we were hoping to get from the lunch menu. If you're a steak and potatoes kind of guy but want to try something that looks and tastes more gourmet, this is the place to visit.
2	I was excited to try this restaurant. Looked up the menu before hand to get a better idea of what I'd like to order, and the main thing I noticed was how much butter and cheese was in EVERY dish. I'm lactose intolerant and going in I had some trepidation. I ordered the lobster out of the shell think they'd serve the butter on the side....but oh no no no. This lobster was SWIMMING in butter. So much so I didn't even want to take a bite! A relatively small portion for 45 bucks...but that I didn't mind so much compared to the tough, chewy lobster on soggy masa cakes. Yuck! I didn't finish my dinner and was very unsatisfied and disappointed when we left the restaurant. he best part of the meal, in my opinion, was the rose champagne we ordered...yum-o.
3	We ended up sitting at the bar at Mesa Grill, which I like because sometimes you can meet interesting people at the bar. The gentleman to my left suggested the Veal (Fire Roasted Veal Chop w/Horseradish - Maple Glaze & Wild Rice Tamale + Sage Butter). Being that he was a meat distributer, we took him on his word. We also ordered the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin w/ Bourbon - Ancho Chile Sauce & Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan Butter and for an appetizer, the Blue Corn Pancake w/ Barbecued Duck + Habanero Chile-Star Anise Sauce. The Blue Corn Pancake w/ BBQd Duck came out first. It was yummy and quite different from what I'm used to. I'd definitely would recommend it for anyone that wants to try BBQ Duck that's not typical Peking Duck.Our entrees came out next. The veal chop was probably a bit hyped up. The best way to describe it was that we were underwhelmed by the veal. I've had really tender roast veal at Pines of Rome (Pines of Rome on Yelp) where I didn't need to cut it with a knife; it just fell of the bone. The veal at Mesa Grill was a bit tough to cut up and eat and we could barely taste the maple in the horseradish-maple glaze. The wild rice tamale w/ sage butter was definitely tastier than the veal. Kind of disappointing being that the veal dish was $42 and we only enjoyed the tamale! The pork tenderloin was much better but not quite living up to the reviews we've read on Yelp (reviews). The spices seemed to overwhelm the pork and I struggled with rubbing off some of the ancho chile sauce which was liberally "drizzled" all over the pork tenderloin (it was also all over the blue corn pancake w/ duck). The saving grace of the meal was the delicious sweet potato tamale w/ pecan butter. That definitely helped balance the heavily spiced pork and it was all around yummy goodness! All in all, I definitely would give Mesa Grill another shot but wouldn't feel compelled to order the veal or the pork tenderloin again.... But definitely the sweet potato tamale!
3	I've eaten at Bobby Flays Bolo in New York, which was a bit of a disappointment, so I was eager to try Mesa Grill because this style of cooking is what he is more noted for.  I was pleased with my experience, as the coffee rubbed filet was something I have never tried before.  The side dishes really spiced things up for me as I find that you can really get a well-rounded experience of a restaurant if you try some of the accouterments.  Overall, nice service and nice food, but I wasn't blown away.
5	If I were rich I would have ordered more. For entrees you're looking at $35 which isn't insane, but I wanted to try a variety of things, so I ordered two appetizers. They were both fantastic. The wait was really long, so I simply ate at the bar. The service was impeccable. If you like fine food and want a twist on the Southwestern genre, don't miss Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill.If I could give 4.5 stars I would only because I think it's a bit on the expensive side but that's because Flay's gotta maintain his status and really I can't blame him since the food is a cut above the rest.
5	We ate at the Mesa Grill at Cesars Palace in Las Vegas and it was amazing. The wait staff is very friendly, and knowledgeable, our waiter spaced out the appetizers and main entree perfectly, I hate when they bring everything at once. For an appetizer we got the corn crusted fried oysters and the Tuna "nachos" both of which were insane. My girlfriend got the lamb chops and I got a steak both of which again were insane. The price was a bit steep but nothing more than we expected, it is Bobby Flay's restaurant afterall. I would love to go back for lunch to see what else he's kookin up back there.Oh yeah get the house margarita one of the best I ever had. Side note I asked the waiter if Bobby Flay ever comes in and cooks for patrons?She said "sometimes but  when he does come in he almost always cooks for the staff." Way to go Bobby!!!!!
5	Damn you Bobby Flay for making me want coffee crusted filet, lobster, pork tenderloin, lamb chops all day every day since I grubbed at Mesa Grill on Friday night.  Nothing was lacking in flavor!  Nothing was over/undercooked- everything was perfect!  We added sides of your corn, greens and mashed potatoes and it was heaven!   Staff was great.  Food was amazing!  Location- easy to find in Caesars.  Zero complaints!  As my friend so nicely put it all night- "Beyonce...you make the best pork chops!"  guess you had to be there.
4	Went for brunch. Had the Blackberry Bourbon Waffle. Exactly as described and tasted even better. Portions are deceptively small, but it fills you up fast. Flavor was excellent on the other brunch items I tried. Prices were reasonable, especially for the quality and it being Vegas. Would love to go back for a dinner service to see if that is the same quality.
5	Stopped by for lunch before leaving vegas.. no wait.. server was attentive. I had the pork tenderloin sandwich.. it was AMAZING.. I can eat that all day everyday.. came with seasoned fries and that was decent as well.
4	Solid bold flavors. Now I know what the Iron Chef judges are tasting everytime Bobby Flay steps into Kitchen Stadium. It's hard not to compare this place with Red O, even though the other one is Mexican and this one is Southwest/Tex-Mex, both are well established celebrity chefs. The bread was fresh, one was kind of unique, like a cornbreadish with something else that I couldn't quite figure. It was interesting, but I wasn't sure if I like it or not. Since I was stuff from an earlier buffet, I elected to go with 2 appetizers. The blue corn pancake was their specialty and I could see why. It's an unique dish and the barbecued duck reminded me a little of peking duck. Quite bold flavors, that went well. I also had the spanish chorizo quesadilla with an perfectly cooked egg on top. This dish was bold as well. Not as balanced as the pancake but still pretty good. I also tried my friend's pork chop that I thought was excellently cooked and paired well with the sweet tamale because of the spicy rub on the pork chop. Had I been hungry, I would've ordered this instead. The execution of the dishes were spot on. Overall, I'd give this place 3.6 stars (lowly rounded up to a 4, which could very well be a 3). Maybe my tastebuds have become boring over the years. I just enjoy the simplicity of dishes these days, tasting the ingredients. Bobby Flay proved his himself, but he didn't win me over.
4	The corn crusted fried oyster were a great great. I wasn't too thrilled with the Halibut, I was expecting more from it. We also got a seafood melange with 'green sauce' which was excellent. Good selection of wine. Cocktails could have been a little bit more eclectic or with some 'Bobby Flay' twist.
5	We absolutely love Mesa Grill!  The food and service are excellent.   We've eaten there for dinner, but love the lunch menu so much we keep going back for lunch!    I always try to order something different and it's always great.
3	Service was perfect. If you like your meats straight off the grill, piping hot-- this is not the place for you. The chefs will let the meat rest and serve it less than warm. I don't particularly like this. The pork tenderloin was almost room temperature. It's very flavorful and the sauce is great but had a gross pork aftertaste. The tamales are hit or miss as sometimes it will be moist and other times will be dry.  Newbies should try it. Blue corn pancake was okay. His breads aren't that great. Margaritas are average.
4	My bf and his friends decided that we come here for dinner while visiting Vegas.  I was a little reluctant to try because these celebrity-chef-inspired restaurants can be a hit or miss.  I have to say that it was a excellent choice tho!We were running late to our reservation because our show ran a little later than we thought, and so we called to inform the restaurant we would be a little late - the lady was so nice and said that it's fine.  We get seated immediately when we arrive and are greeted very promptly with the BEST server (although I forgot her name because I went here a few months ago).  Everyone in our table ordered a beverage, but one guy decided not to, but she gave him half a glass of wine just because she didn't want him to feel left out. =]  I ordered the mahi mahi but it was ok... BUT, my bf's pork tenderloin was so good it made up for it!  Our server recommended it to be cooked medium for the best outcome, and it really was perfect!  The portions are pretty generous and definitely satisfying.  After our delicious meal, we decided to splurge and order dessert.  We were all full so we decided to share one dessert among the 4 of us. We decided that our server was pretty on-point with everything we ordered, so we decided to have her choose our dessert.  She recommended the coconut cake (which none of us really looked at) but it was the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Even my bf's friend who doesn't even like coconut devoured that.  Excellent service, excellent food, and excellent dessert!
5	Best place I have eaten in the US.  I had the pork tenderloins and I can't tell you just how amazing it was.  Cooked perfectly and accompanied by a sweet potato tamale that was a perfect compliment of sweetness to go with the ancho chile drizzle that was on the pork.  Service was spectacular, attentive, and always ready to give an excellent advice on drinks and desserts.  This is the only place in Vegas that I will make plans to stop off in every time I go.
2	For those of you that have par taken in Bobby Flay's Mesa grill in the past know what a good job they do with the cuisine. I often frequent this restaurant when in Vegas because most of these celebrity chefs aren't just names their talent really comes out in their food. Unfortunately my last visit to the Mesa Grill was very unsatisfying. The attention to detail that you expect at a restaurant of this quality was not present. The waiters served the food without explanation or description. The Mojito was a cheap sweet and sour mix unlike the fresh Mojito previously served there with the hand smashed mint leaves. But despite all of that the quality of the food was not good. And I say this because I was eating the same dish (Yucatan Chicken Tacos). Unlike before there was little flavor or taste. I could have gotten a better meal from an L.A. gourmet food truck. It appears that other people are running the establishment under his name or with the current state of the economy the Casino is putting the heat on them to cut corners. I will give Mesa Grill another try but for those prices the expectation level across the board should be high.
5	Expensive but the Coffee Filet was incredibly savory!  We spent around $280 without tip but it was great!
2	Whoa!!!! What happened here??!!! I guess I waited to long to come through on that marriage proposal-the mushroom quesadilla is now completely off the menu. It must have been pissed off when it left because it took quite a few things with it. The delicious mojito is gone too, its been replaced by a horrible sour mess, that was hardly drinkable. It tasted like cheap sour mix from the grocery store with a piece of mint on top We really should have just left after tasting the mojito and finding out that my main squeeze item, the quesadilla, was gone. We should have thought about the time we stopped in for brunch and the chef refused to fry my eggs instead of poaching them. I'm not a poached egg fan, but its never really been an issue as never in my life has a chef refused to fry an egg, the chef did offer to scramble them, but it felt more like a smack in the face than an accommodation, because seriously, if you can scramble an egg why the hell cant you fry it up over easy? That brunch was upsetting but our love of the quesadilla and perhaps the strength of the mojitos made us brush it aside, however, our last meal at Mesa was just so bad and boring and just so really disappointing. The replacement quesadilla made with chorizo and artichoke hearts was pretty bland and by that I mean almost tasteless, as were the formerly magnificent yucatan chicken tacos. It felt like food you might get at a TGI Fridays or Chili's. Having a bad meal is bad enough on its own, paying a ton of money for said bad meal is even worse, but having bad meal that you paid a ton of money for in Las Vegas where really great restaurants abound is just heartbreakingly sad. It is a frustrating waste of money and stomach space that momentarily makes you envious of those lucky anorexics who only need a hair clip and two sturdy fingers to say bye bye to a bad meal. I'm looking forward to my next Vegas trip, but I dont think Mesa grill will be a part of it.
4	I have noticed that Bobby Flay is one of those chefs that people really like or really hate.  His television persona exudes a bit of social akwardness that at times comes off as arrogance.  It is undeniable that his New Mexico flavor profile brings a dimension to food that is beyond good cuts of meat that can be a dime a dozen here in LV.The duck tacos as recommended by our server were excellent.  The smoky taste of the duck was well balanced with the sweetness of a hoisin style sauce, and then further complemented with a bit of heat.  That is the one thing I have noticed about food here at Mesa Grill.  They add heat without burning your senses but yet retaining the flavor profile of the chile peppers.  Tuna nachos were also very good.The bone-in ribeye was excellent with a nice spice rub.  I prefer ribeyes when it comes to grilling because it provides a better taste when the fat gets slightly burned. A bit kinky, but delicious.  The side dishes went a bit unnoticed except for the corn with green chiles and cotija cheese.  Eating this reminded of the fair food where you get the corn on the cob and you can pile on the toppings.  Having a tequila menu was an added bonus.
3	i wen't to the Mesa Grill  for lunch earlier this year i was excited to go i had the blue corn pancake i did not like the sauce  and then i had the steak sandwich it was very good it was also unique  because it was only served  one way  medium rare and room temperature and for desert i had the flan  it was good it was not like any flan i had before and the service was fine. i don't like going to the same restaurant twice because there is so many big restaurant to go to  but i just  might come back here one day.
4	The first time I went to Mesa Grill (about three years ago) I ordered a steak that was so over-seasoned, over-cooked, and just plain awful that I vowed to never eat there again. Well, some vows are made to be broken. Everything we ordered this time around was mighty tasty. - The blue corn muffins were the stars of the bread basket, although they were a little crumbly. - The goat cheese queso fundido had a subtle tartness that went well with the green and red peppers of the dish.- Cheese quesadilla. It was just a quesadilla, but it was one of the best I've had.- Rough cut tuna nachos. Fresh, delicious, and a touch of spiciness.- Crispy squash blossoms. Deep fried (think tempura) with a tangy, yummy sauce. Loved it.- New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin. It was indeed tender. And hot. I just wished it had more of that bourbon ancho chile sauce. But it was so delicious that it just re-affirmed my love for all-things-pig related (maybe I need to get a tattoo of a pig like that one Top Chef contestant).The atmosphere of the place is casual. No need to dress up for this place. It can get loud in there so I wouldn't recommend Mesa Grill for an intimate/romantic night out.
2	I haven't tried their dinner menu.  The 2-star rating is only for their lunch menu.  In summary, this has NOT met my expectation of how Tex-Mex should taste like.  I had much much better Tex-Mex food at San Antonio (Rosario's, for example).  I wouldn't not take another lunch at this place.I ordered the aged tenderloin tortillas (~$24).  Thin sliced, and yes, the tenderloin was aged, great quality meat, nicely cooked to the way I want BUT the size was like... 4oz only?  The beef slices were occupying less than 1/4 the size of the dish and the rest was covered by chopped and diced mango, avocado, pickles, etc, and 4 tortillas each folded twice in a quarter circle.  Other than the tenderloin, the rest is about what you can get at Acalpulco or other local Mexican restaurants at half or cheaper price.  This make it an overpriced dish.The BBQ Lamb Cobb Salad is good though.  Pretty strong lamb aroma and flavor from the meat and the goat cheese.  But other than that, I don't see how "Tex-Mex" this dish is.The spicy chicken + sweet potato hash.... Nice sweetness as an appertizer dish but too sweet as an entree.  We liked the spiced pork tenderloin burger.Served after seated, the muffins, corn bread, and the bite-size jalapeno biscuit were good, especially the jalapeno biscuits.   Finally there was something new and tasted good.Again, this place does not live up to be a good "Tex-Mex" restaurant.  I would rather visit Texas again (if I found cheap flight deals) for real good Tex-Mex food.
1	I love being proven wrong about celebrity chef-endorsed restaurants;  Carnevino in the Venetian put me off making fun of Mario Batali forever.  His emblazoned name means some tasty meats, let me tell you.   But this restaurant has done nothing for Mr. Flay's Southwestern recipes.  A friend and I had lunch at MESA today, and before I get into the gory details, let me say the wait staff and bus service was very great.  Helpful on all sorts of problems;   for instance, there was a bug that crawled out of my friend's salad, stretched its little bug legs, and sat around for a minute while we waved down the help.   We assumed the bug had been knocked senseless by the over-seasoning of the lamb in the Cobb salad.  And over-seasoning is ridiculous here!   My pork tenderloin sandwich with Southwestern fries was like being double-teamed by rubs and seasoning salt.  Now the tenderloin was tender, but like my friend's lamb, there was no tasting of anything but chilis.   Without like an aioli or some kind of dill yogurt to give your mouth a rest, it all just blends into generic spice tastes.    Adding in the heavyness of the dishes such as the recommended goat cheese queso fundido (Which was very delicious, but served with generic and easily breaking nachos)  you are left queazy and overfilled.20 minutes after our meal, on which the salad was comped and we were given free creme brulees (chocolate toffee, so rich and creamy), I began to feel very ill.   I ended up doubled-over in a forums restroom, the final and worst part of it all.I think of it as a science experiment, and sometimes science produces great things.  Sometimes you irradiate yourself.  This was more of the latter.   A lot of nice little things, such as the help and appetizers, but outweighed by a couple unforgivable offenses.   I also don't like a meal so poorly spiced that it causes my body to actually reject it.  Sorry Bobby, maybe you should return and retune.
3	The ROASTED GREEN CHILE CROSTINI SALAD was delicious and the FIRE ROASTED VEAL CHOP was to die for.  Not everything was absolutely delicious.  My husband had the chicken, mole style, but was disappointed in it.  It was good but need to have more sauce.  The bread basket was nice but not all the breads were excellent.  If you are paying this kind of price, everything should be to die for.
5	After one bite of the NY Strip steak I got the wow factor. Perfect char on the outside, perfect medium on the inside. The best steak I've had. Service is excellent too. The front desk, meh, not so much, but the steak gives Mesa 5 stars.
4	I was really look forward to go to a Bobby Flay's restaurant but after being there i think the food was little bite over rated. The food was good and everything was great but it just wasn't what I thought it could of been. The food itself was pretty normal nothing really "in your face" or "has haves". The sauce in itself was just to die for but than Bobby is a master saucer.The pricing was normal not too bad for vegas.Service was nice and friendly but could be a little more personal.note: mean reason I put 4 star is b/c of Booby. If it was another places it would have been 3-3.5.
4	A lot of people I know are either fans of Mr. Flay like myself or don't like him at all. Either way, anyone I have gone to his restaurants with have loved the food. This place is my favorite of all of them. I actually ate at the one in the Bahamas first which was a 5/5 and recently I had eaten at the one in Vegas which was almost as good so I had to balance it out with a 4. Let me start by saying the decor in this place is beautiful. I think Mr. Flay and I are cut from similar modes because I like not only his food, but his personality and tastes. The lighting is warm and ambient and I almost like everything but the flames on the walls. That's the only thing that is somewhat corny to me. Everything else I'm all about. Lets just get right to it. The food. Outstanding. I mean really the amount of thought that goes into the dishes and how ingredients play off each other is mind blowing. I started off with the blue corn pancake with Barbecued duck. Now I have said this quite a few times but if you know me you know if you can get my tear ducts going you have something special in front of me. When I say I've never teared this much from I truly mean it. This was one of the most tasty, delicious things I have ever eaten. Cooked to absolute perfection I ate this appetizer for about 10 min. I really wanted to taste every ounce of this dish. The sauces were phenomenal. My main course was the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with a sweet potato tamale and almond butter. Man, what a dish. That tamale was freaking heaven. I couldn't get enough of it. The pork was cooked so tender i could cut it with my fork. Just a great job. I don't even remember what I had for dessert I think I was too full to eat anything but man, if you are looking so splurge and really have a wonderful meal go to this place. Damn good.
4	This place was pretty fantastic. Thank you Bobby Flay for bringing your food creations into this world. Started out my meal with the tiger shrimp tamale...sensational. I have never tasted anything like it or even heard or anything like it. I was pleasantly surprised by its taste, which was a little sweet with the tamale and savory because of the taste of the shrimp. Perfect flavor and unique combination. Ordered the lamb porterhouse chops. The flavor of the lamb was also a little sweet but over all delicious. This is where I had to take a star off though - the lamb was over cooked. I had asked for medium and received medium well. I didn't complain because the seasoning was delicious, but I would hope that a place that capitalizes on grilling would grill meat how they said they would. We spoke with the waitress afterward and she said that some of the cooks in the back were getting orders that were either overcooked or undercooked. I don't care how amazing the flavors are...that isn't cool. The service here was exceptional, I came here with a large group and there were no mix ups with our orders and they knew exactly what they were doing. Friendly staff who were willing to listen to us and really cared if we liked the food. One person in our party had a steak that was very overcooked and before he mentioned anything the waitress saw his disappointment and had a new dish made up for him. My dish wasn't bad enough to send back and I was starving by that time so not too much complaining about my lamb.
3	Not my favorite meal of the trip to Vegas.  We went to Mesa Grill on a Sunday for lunch - they had their Brunch Menu available, but we were both craving lunch, so that limited the choices.  The decor of the restaurant is nice - kitschy, but nice.  Things I didn't like - our table was so close to the next one that the lady at the next table knocked off my silverware when seated.  No big deal, but still.  I guess it was s good thing because we were forced to become the best of friends by the end of service since we were seated so closely that we all shared a conversation (if we wanted to or not!)  I ordered the spiced chicken salad and he had the burger (yes he is boring when it comes to food).  The waiter brought over a basket of misc bread products, the most of which were fine.  One (blue cornbread) was awful.  Weird.  The people at the next table asked us if ours was weird too.  LOL.  We asked the waiter what was in it, but nothing seemed out of the ordinary from cornbread - so why so icky?  Anyway - our service was fine.  The fod so-so.  My chicken salad was way over seasoned.  He liked the burger (so maybe you should go boring).  I paid more than I thought the food warranted and made new friends inadvertently(whose french toast looked awesome by the way).
3	I wanted to absolutely love every bite of it. I had some very high expectations even. I set a reservation of 8:15 on a Sunday night. They were very specific to tell me that if I did not show up or cancelled less than 8 hours prior I would be charged $100 ($50 for every person in my party). Wow! This must mean they are so super packed and busy they cannot afford even one cancellation since that is one extra table they turned away. Hmmm, was that the case?? I showed up at 8:15 on the dizot. Hi Mr. Lovil, please have a seat while we prepare your table. Okay I said and I sat with my lovely wife, and waited and waited. It was about 8:45 when I was retrieved to sit. Funny thing was there were plenty of open tables and no one cared when I asked why it took so long. We were seated at a small two person table, okay makes sense we are a party of two. I don't care for the seating arrangement however that places you directly next to another couple trying to have a nice night out. Regardless let's start the service, after poring over the wine list I chose a nice white, eh, or not so nice. The bottle was open, it would have been nice to have a sip of the Francois Pinon but they just poured it. I can however vouche for the wine pourer since I could over hear her speaking to her many friends working at the bar and those friends who were seated at the bar. Apparently she was having a bad day and took it out on the patrons. Sorry to hear about your school issues by the way, hope you get them resolved, sorry to have eavesdropped, it was the 30 minute wait, I needed entertainment. Bread took forever to arrive, it was okay, not great but just bread, what do you expect. We got the Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla which we loved. It was interesting and different and very flavorful, I'd say get it. Also got the pork tenderloin and hacked chicken, again we thought they were excellent. The tamale that comes with the pork is excellent, the tomatillo tamale on the chicken was only so so. We ordered way too much in terms of getting 2 sides with our meal, the corn and the spinach. The corn is phenomenal, if you even remotely like corn you need to get this, it is excellent. The sauteed spinach not so much. They did not season it even slightly, not sure why. Due to this we could not fathom getting dessert and skipped it however it sounded good. Overall the food tasted very good, the service was slow and very disappointing for the amount of money being spent. I don't think I need to go back which I find disappointing.
5	One of the best meals we have ever had!Had the blue corn pancake with duck, YUM!16 Spice ChickenSpiced pork tenderloinCoffee Rubbed Filet MignonRoasted CornSauteed SpinachRoasted TamaleI know we had dessert, but can't remember what it was.Everything was delicious, the service was superb, but the prices were pretty high, however it was worth every penny!
5	I heard great things about this place from yelp and had to try it.  I came with two friends and had an amazing time.  We got the blue corn pancakes and tiger shrimp corn tamales to start and both were great.  I had the spice rubbed pork tenderloin, one of my friends had the 22oz bone in rib eye and the other had the NY strip.  All three were great.  And the service was excellent as well.  We're all in the restaurant business so we tend to be a little picky, but it exceeded our expectations.  I'm always skeptical about celebrity chef restaurants, but this one is definitely worth checking out.
5	To say this was one of the best meals I have ever had is an injustice to the awesomeness that it truly was. Everything from the service to the food to the atmosphere was top notch.The service was attentive, knowledgeable, not pushy. The atmosphere was a subtle change from the chaos of Vegas and Caesar's Palace, and I love that they have a very open concept and feature the grill front and center.For the food, you can't go wrong with anything. Get a Pisco Sour as your drink, a spicier version of a margarita hailing from South America. We started with the prawn tamales and they were heaven -- the quality of the shrimp set it apart from anything you've had elsewhere.For dinner we split the ancho-chile crusted pork tenderloin (served medium) and it was so tender you could cut it with a spoon and didn't need to chew. Not sure where they get their pork, but I want to shop there.On the side we ordered a twice baked potato (for the Mrs.) and some Mexican-style street corn with cotija cheese. The corn was easily one of the best side dishes I have ever had a restaurant, crisp, sweet, creamy, flavorful.We skipped dessert because we didn't want to mess up the flavors we had going on, but in hind sight we should have kept going on that gravy train. All in all, great meal for around $100.
1	I've eaten at a few celebrity-owned restaurants that were amazing (Carne Vino in Vegas, Cafe Atlantico in DC), but Mesa was not one of them.  Based on my experiences, I have decided that the best way to tell if a Celebrity Chef's restaurant is going to be any good or not is how much the restaurant relies on the celeb's name rather than the food to get people in the door.My friend and I walked into Mesa for our last summer lunch together and were immediately assaulted by a shrine to Flay behind the hostess stand.  You can buy his books, chutneys, spice rubs, and probably posters in the restaurant.  The atmosphere of the restaurant didn't get much better.  As we were lead to our table, we walked past the open kitchen where the chef manning the grill was cooking burger after burger and piling them up off to one side.  Made to order, eh?  The table we were seated at was so close to another couple that I could have bumped the other lady with my elbow if I wasn't careful.  I know Mesa isn't an intimate date restaurant or anything, but I felt uncomfortable having the conversation I wanted to have with my friend there.Our waiter had to crawl out of Flay's butt to bring us the day's specials.  "Do you know Bobby Flay?  Did you choose Mesa because of Mr. Flay?  Do you watch Bobby on the food network?" he simpered as he held the menu upside down in front of us.  His appetizer recommendation was good though.  The Queso Fundido was yummy.  As were the ($16) margaritas.  I was surprised they were that expensive at lunch time; I could have gotten similar cocktails at many other restaurants for $9-$12.My biggest complaint about Mesa, and the reason I only give it one star, is the seasoning.  I get that southwestern spice, chilis and rubs are Flay's thing, but there's something to be said for subtlety.  I ordered a lamb cobb salad because I really like lamb and thought that sounded delicious.  Too bad I couldn't taste my lamb.  It was cooked perfectly and melt-in-my-mouth tender, but it didn't taste like anything but chili powder.  I love lamb because it tastes good.  Why go against that?  About halfway through my salad when I had pretty much decided I had had enough anyway, a little black bug crawled out from under a lettuce leaf and began crawling around the lip of my plate.  He was moving slowly, perhaps dazed by the spices as I was.We quickly flagged down a busser (who had been really attentive about our bread, drinks, and water - I think he was my favorite thing about the meal) who brought the plate, still with bug, to our waiter.  He came and apologized, soon the floor manager came to apologize, but she did it in the rudest way I can imagine.  "Why didn't you say anything when I came by earlier?" she demanded.  "Because a bug hadn't crawled out of my salad yet..." I replied.  Then she went on to explain that in a kitchen their size, things like this are unavoidable.  I get it.  Produce gets bugs, my kitchen has a bug in it from time to time, but she shouldn't have admitted that.  The right thing to do is say I'm so sorry and leave it at that.Funny story, when she had come by and inquired about how we were enjoying the meal earlier, I said "It's ok," which is about how I felt.  She shot me the angriest look and stalked off instead of caring to find out why I wasn't happy.My salad was comped, and I got a free creme brulee that was "ok."  Maybe the dinner is better, but I will not go back to Mesa to find out.
4	Overall: Hit or miss, but the hits are fantabulamazing!Visits: one, lunchBreads - They give you a basket with a couple different types of bread. Nice! Something for everyone. The best of the bunch was the jalapeno cheese bread. LOVED it. Cornbread really was very crumbly, and it was also slightly salty, which was odd. I like my cornbread sweet, thanks.Blue Corn Pancake - Eh. Thought the sauce was a little weird....Tiger Prawn Tamale - Oh man was that delicious. And the corn was so yummy, but it's really filling so be careful with that one as an appetizer.Sophie's salad - Great! I love fruity dressings and cheese.Crab pancakes - You certainly do get a lot of crab, but I wasn't wowed by it. Very filling.Pork tenderloin - I don't know if it was supposed to be cold, but I don't like my meat cold unless it is sandwich "meat". Had an interesting flavor, but eh.Cuban burger - SOOOOO GOOOOOOOD. I don't even like mustard (I told the waiter no dijon, and he said that was the one thing they couldn't take out...) but man was that burger good. I didn't even really taste the dijon.Spicy chicken and sweet potato hash - Okay, so I don't know if it's just me, but when I see "hash" I think like hash browns or maybe some sort of sweet potato fries... What we got was more like "mash," and it was actually mixed in with the chicken.  Kind of gross in my opinion.  Really sweet, not spicy at all.Coconut layer cake - TO DIE FOR. So moist and delicious. And you get a gigantic slice. Enough for two or more people depending on how full you are.Chocolate creme brulee with blueberry compote - OMNOMNOMNOM.  The chocolate at the bottom of the creme brulee really makes it even better.
5	Everything we orderd was good... my fave were the oyster appetizersYELLOW CORNMEAL CRUSTED OYSTERSGreen Chile - Curry Sauce+ Mango Pico de GalloMANGO + SPICE CRUSTED TUNA STEAKGreen Peppercorn - Green Chile Sauce+ Toasted Pinenut Cous Cous38.PAN SEARED HALIBUTNew Mexico Red Chile - Curry SauceCorn, Cactus, Lime + Cotija36.
4	Wow, I am truly impressed!  Wearing Bobby Flay's name, I thought this restaurant would be all celebrity chef hype with no delivery, but I am so happy to say that I was wrong!  Had dinner here the last time I was in Vegas, and everything that I ordered was wonderful!  I started out with the chopped salad, which was full of flavor and very fresh.  My only complaint was the amount of cheese added to the salad, but luckily it was in larger cubes, so the excess was easy to pick out. For my entree, I selected the hacked chicken.  Mole is VERY DIFFICULT to do right, so I was kind of worried about this one.  The chicken was so tender and juicy and the mole sauce was prepared perfectly, and it was used sparingly, so it didn't over power the other flavors on the plate.  Thoroughly impressed!  Can't wait for my next stop in Vegas and my next stop at Mesa Grill!
5	PRESSED CUBAN SANDWICH for the win! My friends and I came here on our last day in vegas for some good food. After seeing there were 752 reviews on yelp, 4 stars, we had to try it.2 things I absolutely loved:Pressed Cuban Sandwich - the patty is thick and SO JUICY!!!!! It has to be ordered a little pink, so be ready for that. Bobby Flay's thing is mixing up the spicy with the sweet, and sour. It's a perfect combination. I wasn't expecting to be blown away by southwestern food, but I really was. You also get to dip this delicious Cuban Sandwich into an aoili dip that makes the sandwich even better.Not to mention, it comes with canjun fries which you don't even need ketchup for. Perfectly fried, crispy, crunchy and soft at the same time.I also loved the:Spicy beef tenderloin tartare  (appetizer). It comes with a little potato salad that you can taste the quality in. The beef tartare has capers in it, and has a lot of flavor in it compared to other ones I've had at other places. It's truly delicious. We also ordered:Rough cut tuna nachos - they were spicy, and it was a good portion to be shared amongst 5 people. It had mango sauce in it, I'm allergic to mango so I'm a little biased on this dish.Spicy chicken + Potato hash - it's basically an eggs benedict, southwest style. My friend ordered it, and it was good, but it gets sickening after a while because of the hollandaise sauce. I wish they served this with some veggies on the side or something, just to balance it out.Grilled swordfish sandwich - If you really liek the taste of cooked swordfish, then go for it, I wasn't really impressed with this.Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich - served cold, but great flavors and the pork is soft. Surprisingly, it taste a lot better than it looks. However, it sounds a lot better than it tastes. Thanks Mesa Grill, we'll be back on our next trip!
3	I went to Vegas last weekend with my little sister for her 21st. She had never been to a fine dining restaurant, so we decided to go to Mesa. We weren't starving, so we skipped the prix fixe menu and just ordered one entree each. My sister ordered the salmon. I saw the disappointment on her face when her plate was placed in front of her. The plate consisted of a very small piece of salmon without accompaniments. I expected a micro green salad or puree since it was one of the more expensive entrees on the menu, but it was just a lone piece of salmon. The salmon was good, but not worth the price.My entree was a different story. I ordered the chile relleno and I give it four stars. The chile was large; filled with cheese and eggplant; and covered in a nice, crunchy corn batter. It was pretty satisfying.I recommend going to Mesa only if you plan on ordering the prix fixe menu, because it wont be such a let down if one of your dishes doesn't shine like it should.I still feel bad that my sister's first fine dining experience was such a let down. Chef Flay should put more thought into ALL of the items on his menu. I felt like the salmon was hastily created and was not worth the money that my sister paid.
2	We kicked off Restaurant Week 2010 at Mesa Grill. When we arrived at 5 o'clock there were very few diners, I'm pretty sure it was just us and two other couples. But as our meal went on the dining room quickly filled. We noshed on the bread basket while we waited for our appetizers, the blue corn muffin wasn't too appealing the bottom looked moldy. The fruit bread was the favorite, and I expected to like it least.Then, we got started on our first course: Roasted Corn Soup Smoked Tomato Salsa and Blue Corn Pancake Barbecued Duck + Habanero Chile-Star Anise Sauce. The soup was decent it had an unusual hint of flavor, I thought squash maybe, but my husband thought it tasted more like seafood. Obviously, we weren't on the same page. The blue corn pancake and duck were very tasty. Again, the blue corn does nothing for its appearance.For the main course we had Blue Corn Crusted Halibut with Salsa Cruda, Sweet 100 tomatoes, capers, jalapeno, Fresh Oregano, Basil and New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin Bourbon -Ancho Chile Sauce Sweet Potato Tamale Crushed Pecan Butter. The fish was nicely prepared, the presentation was different - thanks to the blue corn it looked liked it had asphalt glistening off the filet. The pork was flavorful as long as you had the crust in every bite. The tamale was unlike your traditional tamale, still tasty, however.Lastly we finished with Coconut Layer Cake and Banana Cream Pie. Both were good, but nothing particularly memorable.Service was very good throughout the meal. All in all, it was a fine meal, it's just that nothing was particularly notable. I can't say I'd return, but I'm happy we took the opportunity to finally give it a try.
4	I thought for sure this place would be 5 stars but I think it's because I love Bobby Flay. So there were 8 of us and we spend almost $700. This is with 3 apps, a meal for each and 2 desserts with mucho cocktails and some coffee for some. I ordered the chicken mole which had wonderful chicken but the mole was on the sweeter vs. spicy side. I like the combo of sweet and spicy but this was too sweet and I have a major sweet tooth. The best thing ever was the corn. It was grilled and mixed with lime, creme fraiche, cilantro, some other cheese and I wish I ordered a bucket of it. The relleno was good but had a corn crust that wasn't  exciting. I heard the Halibut was perfect, gone before I could sample. Next time...I almost forgot the apps. The duck with blue corn pancake was small but 5 stars itself. The dessert with banana cream was delicious. I forgot the other one.The service, excellent.
2	Overhyped by yelpers.The pork tenderlion that was higly recommended by yelpers relied too much on the sauce (which was too sweet), once the sauce was gone, I had no motive to finish the rest.And the spicy red sauce they used in most of their dishes tasted like Sriracha sauce straight from the supermarket.Service was decent and seating was cramped. Not recommended if you are bringing a date.
2	If you do not like what is on the menu, you are in for a bad time.One of my party asked for the grilled Veal Chop without the spices, was told, "that is the way we serve it, no changes", which led me to think, this stuff was prepped way ahead of time.For dessert someone asked for a bowl of choclate ice cream, once again, it will only be served with a ganache of nuts and chocolate(allergy issues be damned).I had a seared tuna that was excellent. If you aren't willing to bend your culinary tastes, this is probably not the place for you.
5	Phenomenal. My wife and I ate there for brunch on Sunday. We had the shrimp tamale appetizer, which was really good. She had the swordfish club and I had the Mesa burger, both reccomended by the waitress. Both were Phenomenal! The burger got better with every bite.
4	Went to Mesa despite all of the reviews saying it's over-hyped and over-priced. I am a HUGE Bobby Flay fan and I just needed the chance to see it for myself. We ordered appetizers and cocktails which was all delicious. We ordered the Queso Fundido, good but nothing to write home about, the Tiger Prawn Tamales, A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!, and the Rough Cut Tuna Nachos. I love anything with tuna so I was blown away by these!For drinks we each ordered different margaritas, which were all delicious and well mixed. I think that over-all the prices are pretty steep but we are talking about Vegas here. A lot of things in that town are over-priced but it's more about the experience that you're getting. Our waitress was lovely and patient even though she probably knew that we were not big spenders considering we all look under 21... she even recommended some stuff for us to check out while we were in town and answered our questions about Bobby Flay. I loved every moment of being there because it totally jived with the personality Bobby Flay projects in all of his shows. He seems like a cool and relaxed guy and that still comes through in his over-hyped restaurant. All of the wait staff is friendly and welcoming and it never felt stuffy or pretentious. But next time I'll go back with my parent's so I can experience more of that yummy menu!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE....!!!! When I'm in Vegas I make it a point to stop by. I love this place, the food is simply amazing. The menu is great and I've just never been disappointed. I would highly recommend this place, and I'll be back as often as possible. Bobby Flay Rocks!!
4	Bobby Flay, you won the Throwndown for my heart. Usually I try and come up with some witty review to entice Yelpers to dine at a particular restaurant and flex my writing skills. Not  this time, folks. Go. To. Mesa Grill. Now. Really, it's just that simple. Do you want delicious upscale Southwestern food? If you're nodding and/or answered yes - get your booty here as fast as it will go.The goat cheese queso was amazing and quickly devoured. So quickly in fact, that our waiter had to comment. Very funny sir. Bring me more of that for your insolence. The 'ritas were good - even my bf who normally doesn't like them enjoyed his. Not overly strong or sweet, they're like Goldilocks would say, just right. Entrees were HUGE! I wouldn't say Mesa Grill is pricey by any means, but you definitely walk out of there feeling like you got what you paid for. I had the salmon and the bf had the veal chop. Both were mouthwatering and required a few laps around the strip to work off. Loved the decor and the ambiance inside. It wasn't too dressy, so jeans are acceptable. But if you did dress up, no one would say you looked out of place.
5	Mesa Grill is excellent. One of the best meals I've ever had. Sweet Potato tamle was wonderful. Bobby Flay and staff can cook!
4	I have dined at Mesa Grill four times since living in Las Vegas, and have been very pleased with my meal every time.  It's not often that I enjoy a meal I had on the strip, as most of the strip restaurants are overpriced, and serve average food with a celebrity name on it.  Bobby Flay created a great restaurant, and I think it's very telling of the chef that Bobby Flay is.  Many don't like his conceited attitude, but he makes great food and does it while running many restaurants.  The decor is very unique, and is perfect for it's location.  It is located in the Caesar's Palace, right next to the sportsbook.  The restaurant is scattered with a mosaic of rusty, yet bright colors.  The colors represent the southwestern theme of the restaurant, with influences of South America. The service at Mesa Grill is top notch.  When your water is even close to done, it will be full.  When your drink is almost gone, they will ask you if you want a new one.  The corkage fee is $35, which is a bit steep for a place like this, but it's not too bad considering it's Las Vegas.  The waiters always have great suggestions, and are very knowledgeable on the menu and the terms of Southwestern cuisine.  There are several signature items on the menu that are must-order items.  One of them is the Blue Corn, Duck Pancake.  BBQ duck is shredded and put into a blue corn pancake, and is topped with Habanero-Star Anise sauce.  This is the best appetizer.  Another great appetizer is the "Queso Fundido", a cheese dip made with goat cheese that is easy for the whole table to eat, and is the best cheese dip I've ever had.  The best entree I've had here, and their signature entree, is the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin.  The portion is pretty big, and the pork is cooked perfect every time I've had it.  It is served with a sweet-potato tamale, and a bourbon-ancho chile sauce.  I have had this 3 times, and every time it has been the best thing at the table.  The other entree that I recommend is the Lamb Porterhouse Chops, served with Red Chile, Lime, and Rosemary.  If there was any dish that could be better than the Pork Tenderloin, it's the Lamb Porterhouse Chops.  Although, if you like fish, try the Spice Rubbed Tuna, which is also very good.  If you want a steak, there are 3 steak options on the menu.  All of them are very good, but not as unique as the other menu items.  There is a chipotle-glazed Ribeye, Coffee-rubbed Filet Mignon, and a New York Strip Steak served w/ their house-made Steak Sauce.  If you are looking to sample signature Bobby Flay cuisine, do not get the steaks.  But if you are the person in the group who wanted to go to the steakhouse, this is not a bad second option for a great steak.  In conclusion, do not let your opinion of Bobby Flay steer you away from eating at Mesa Grill.  You may not like the guy, but the cuisine he cooks is a full of bold, unique flavors, and combines those flavors perfectly to show you why Bobby Flay is so popular.
5	i just love chef bobby flay...all that matters: great atmosphere, delicious spicy food, great presentation, had an awesome time and great service, does not cost an arm and a leg.... cant beat that! AND its bobby flay!i had the blue corn pancake, spiced rubbed pork tenderloin, stuffed releno....just try it!
4	My boyfriend had previously tried this restaurant, as had my mom's coworker, and both parties said this place was great!  I've always wanted to try this restaurant since then.My family and I were lucky in that we happened to come during the Las Vegas Restaurant week, which means a special menu for a good cause.  For appetizer,  I ordered a blue corn pancake, which was BBQ duck inside a crepe, drizzled with habinero sauce and something sweet.  It wasn't spicy like I anticipated but instead very sweet.  It was also paired with arugula, which was so delicious.  Another thing to mention, the bread that Mesa Grill gave before the meal was very unique.  There were 3 different kinds, one being a cheesy one, another one was a cornbread.  My entree was the pork tenderloin that was mentioned in Zagat, so I had to try it.  I really enjoyed it; the pork was very tender, and had a good flavor to it.  I remember finishing almost all of it, which was pretty difficult. It also came with a sweet potato tamale, which I also liked just because it was so different.  Super tasty, but after a point you can only take so much starch!For dessert, I had the mixed berry creme brulee.  This dish was lovely; not too sweet, super silky, and not too floppy.Service of this restaurant was probably one of the best I've ever had.  I remember my dad had just finished sipping his Coke, and right as he placed the empty cup on the table, our waiter was behind him handing him another Coke!  Also upon entering the restaurant, there were about 5-6 waiters just on "stand-by" waiting on the stairs, which stood out to me.The only reason why I wouldn't give 5 stars is because I'd probably not go back.  Wasn't my type of restaurant, I'm not too big on Southwestern food.  More of a personal thing than a Bobby Flay issue.
4	I had dinner here on Sunday.  It was my 6th time.  Mesa Grill is one of the restaurants people want to try when they come to Vegas.  Come on, it's Bobby Flay!  I don't blame them.  The food is consistently good and the service is great.  The servers are professionals and super knowledgeable.  I like the open kitchen where you get see them grilling your meat! I like to get a specialty cocktail before the meal and have a glass of wine with dinner.  I got the strawberry fields this time.  It was good, but I think I will stick to the peach margarita.   We always start with the shrimp and corn tamales.  I feel like that is the must have dish on the menu.  It's so good. I asked the server to pick out a glass of white wine for me and he picked exactly what I was looking for.  For my entree this time I had the lamb.  It was tasty and cooked nicely.  The portion size is pretty much double than what I could eat.  I took the other piece of lamb home and actually ate it a few hours later!    I had the squash blossoms as a side which i think i might have let sit on the table too long before eating.   Dessert was ok...Churros with dark chocolate dipping sauce for dessert.
5	This is my FAVORITE restaurant!! I stop by this place any time I come back to Vegas. The food here is a mix of spicy, sweet, and savory. The shrimp tamales with corn is my favorite appetizer! Tender shrimp with sweet corn and the masa is a great combination! The duck appetizer is also awesome. It has a nice glaze that mixes well with the meaty duck! I like to order the salmon for my main course. It's cooked just right with light sauce. The black widow mojito was nice and strong! Bobby Flay knows good food!!
4	Ate here for restaurant week with 4 others. Reservations were a little difficult to come by for a prime time/day. This restaurant has been open for a really long time and I'm surprised that it's so busy. I don't know if this is normal for Mesa Grill or if it was because of restaurant week. Who knows?Maybe it was because of the food. Everything we had was delicious, each with its own memorable thing.Appetizers:-Roasted corn soup- tasty. I enjoyed the hint of avocado and salsa in the center of the bowl. It complimented the soup.-Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ Duck - the hit at the table. It came highly recommended and one of the signature dishes on the menu. The thin blue corn crepe wrapped slices of AMAZING BBQ duck. And the sauce had a very nice spice to it.Entrees:-Lobster Out of the Shell - yummy yummy especially since I didn't have to fight with it getting it out of the shell. The butter sauce was delish (who doesn't love butter?) and the crispy hominy cakes were a nice contrast in texture.-Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops - mmm. cooked to perfection. Nice flavors and the sauce -Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin - the meat was nice and tender and the rub on the outside of the pork gave it a really nice spice.-Pan Seared Halibut - it didn't taste bad, but it wasn't as memorable as the other dishes.Side dish:Double baked potato- had a light horseradish flavor, and overall a good baked potato.Dessert:-Pineapple Buttermilk Upside down cake - disappointing. The caramelized rum sauce was very strong and I didn't enjoy it. However, the accompanying pineapple vanilla ice cream was very light and refreshing.-Creme brulee - a nice large portion topped with fresh berries. A good standard creme brulee.-Churros- i had high expectations for these since I had just seen Samantha Brown dipping churros in chocolate in Spain. haha. They weren't bad.
4	I am a huge fan of Bobby Flay even though he is a douche bag in real life. If you like a southwest cuisine with a extra kick, this is the place to be. You can't forget about his remarkable and created sauce to compliment the dishes. Every time (5 times now) I've been impressed by the food. Great food cooked to perfection. Here are my recommendations: Appetizers:-Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamales - Oh my gosh! The tamales just melted in your mouth topped off with a cilantro sauce. -Blue Corn Pancake - All I wanted to do is to love the Bbq duck down since it was soft and tender infused with the Habanero Chile sauce. Main Course:-22 oz Bone In Chipotle Glazed Rib-eye with a red and green chile Sauce - You know when you come to Bobby's place you have to order a meat dish. In the words of Usher, all I can say is "Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, You make me wanna say, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh My goshh!" The meat was Orgasmic, juicy with lots of flavor from the chipotle glaze. -Pork Tenderloin had a nice rub and the meat was tender and flavorful. The roasted tomato tamale with key lime butter complimented the dish.Side Dish:-Roasted Corn with Grill Cactus, Lime, and CotijaAll the flavors combined in your mouth will have your taste buds dancing to the tunes of Usher's song "OMG!"
5	My Wife and I went on a late honey moon in January after our deployment to Afghanistan. Our choice location was Las Vegas, home of amazing restaurants and fabulous shows. Our goal was to eat at all of our favorite Chef's restaurants. Chef Flay easily one of them, we when to the Mesa Grill. I has the pork tenderloin and my wife had the scallops. For dessert I had the coconut cake and my wife had the espresso flan. The atmosphere was amazing too. Needless to say Mesa Grill quickly became our favorite restaurant and whenever we are in Las Vegas, New York or the Bahamas we will stop in for dinner. I just wish there was one here in Hawaii.
2	It's totally overrated! The corn bread was very good, however, our main dishes weren't good. Only had about 5 dishes to chose from including rabbit! If you look around everyone had almost the same thing to eat. Not much variety. Waste of money. Would not return. It's been a long time since I went but from I can recall it was no bueno.
4	www.mesagrill.comMesa Burger !!Came here on my last trip to vegas and celebrated the GF's Bday at Bobby Flay's Mesa GrillMust haves: Started with the Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale ~ $15 .. the fanciest tamale I've ever tastedEnjoyed the mouth watering, mega JUICY, the size of my head Mesa Burger!  that comes with Double Cheddar Cheese, Grilled Vidalia Onion + Horseradish Mustard served with Southwestern Fries ! ~ $16
4	I sit on the fence with this one.  Sometimes the restaurant lives up to the hype (especially for celebrity owned restaurants), but sometimes it falls a bit flat.  This is one of those that parts were absolutely outstanding, while other parts...whaaaaa?The start wasn't so great.  Granted, we went without reservations, so I take that into account.  We were told to come back at 9:45 when we got there at 9:15.  We did so, but still waited another 20 minutes.  The hostess was nice enough, but there were three hostesses, and it seemed like only one was really working.  The other two just looked upon the first to do the work.  However, they were all very nice.Ok, we sit down and looked over the menus.  They had Duvel offered, and the pour was perfect.  This isn't always done with Duvel, so kudos for getting that down pat.    They brought corn bread that came in various forms (one was done with blue corn meal), and that was wonderful, along with the homemade breads.  I ordered the chili rubbed bone-in rib-eye medium rare to rare, and it was cooked perfectly.  My wife got the rabbit with spinach instead of the risotto, and it was cooked perfectly.  Our friend simply ordered a salad and had some of our meals (I shouldn't be eating 22 oz of rib-eye).  While it was all cooked very nicely, the spices were a bit weak, which was a disappointment.  Bobby Flay is known for his spices, and they simply didn't really come through.  I must say that the service was some of the best I have ever received.  The waiter has been working there for six years, and it shows.  The entire waitstaff was absolutely wonderful, and that is the main reason for the 4 stars.  I can't stress enough that the service was simply impeccable.  It may have been the best service I have ever received at a restaurant.What keeps it from being five stars was the cost of the meal (expected, but still a bit high for what was presented), and the lack of spiciness.  This is a good restaurant, but with so many options in Vegas, it may be a while before I go back, as there are many others that I would like to try first. If you have some time, check the place out, especially if you are near the center part of the strip.
2	I know I might catch flack for this review but here goes.Service is excellent but I don't spend $100 on dinner just for the service.I started out with the bread sticks.  They were spicy and stale.  The reason I bring up spicy there is a trend starting.I ordered the grilled asparagus salad.  I love everything in the salad.   The grilled asparagus, the baby lettuce, the small yellow tomatoes.  Then the dressing burned my lips off.  The dressing was so hot I couldn't taste any of the ingredients.  I am Korean my mom has made soup so hot it could remove rust.  That soup is nothing compared to this.Next I ordered the fillet.  The filet was cooked absolutely a perfect medium rare.  The only problem I had to cut off the entire outside of my steak because the rub was too spicy.I am an invited guest at Caesars so I could eat at any restaurant.  I was extremely disappointed in my meal.
5	I'll admit, I didn't exactly have the highest expectations coming here. I'm wary of the celebrity chef phenomenon:A celebrity chef starts and conceptualizes a restaurant, only never to return to the kitchen once the wheels have started turning and business picks up. The quality drops off once said chef leaves the kitchen, yet restaurant continues to thrive based on name alone.That's what I was afraid of. And I'm glad that my assumptions were proven wrong in this case. Props to the service, it was excellent. One of my favorite things about this place is that although it serves a somewhat pricey menu, it wasn't stuffy at all. It had a lively atmosphere. The margaritas are also excellent here. (Probably contributed to the liveliness, now that I think about it).We ordered the goat cheese with blue corn chips.The cheese came out on a cast iron pan and was still sizzling when it arrived on our table. Although we ran out of chips midway through, they happily obliged with a generous refill portion!The rib-eye (with salsa rojo y verde) was phenomenal. It was made exactly how I liked it (pink with a warm red center), and had this charred crusty (almost caramelized) outside. One of the best rib-eyes I've ever had at any establishment.The only thing I regret about this place is not listening to my girlfriend and coming here sooner!
5	A-MA-ZING! Loved everything from the creative decor to the service. Oh, did I mention the food! We had the goat cheese queso for an appitizer. I'll never have regular cheese dip again. We were there for lunch and the lunch menu did not disappoint. My husband had Bobby Flay's famous Mesa Burger. He LOVED it....then he added the horsradish sauce and said the burger was now out of this world. I had the BBQ'D Lamb Cobb Salad. Absolutely the best salad I've ever had. The blue cheese crumbles had so much flavor! The lamb....man oh man was awesome. Overall...a must for all future trips to Vegas!
4	I have eaten here twice (three years apart).  The first would get a 3-star rating, but the second time it was a definite improvement!Honestly, this is one of the better options in Caesar's Palace--and there are many great restaurant options here.  I ordered the halibut, which might be one of my favorite fish dishes (a standard order for me) of all time.  Great southwestern flair, but not so much to overwhelm the dish.Great wine and cocktail menu, naturally!  I mean, it's Vegas!
4	I come here every time I'm in Vegas. Bobby Flay knows how to make some awesome sauces. The meat is cooked perfectly every time and the sauces just make the plates tasty. Food is reasonably priced for vegas and for a good restaurant. Full Bar, but the drinks aren't the best, not bad, but I've had a better vodka tonic at the craps table, than inside this place.Tamales are worth getting!
5	Even just sipping from a glass of imported bottled water it was as though I had never tasted water before. I have always thought of myself as quite well rounded in respect to my culinary acumen, but I felt like a hillbilly eating an avocado for the fist time. Every bite of every dish that I put in my mouth was as though I had been eating tree bark my whole life and now I was given a last minute reprieve and my first glorious taste of excellence. 5 freakin stars!
5	No matter what you order you mist get a small side of fries. Seriously delicious! I had the Mahi-Mahi, done to perfection. And the Partida Margarita.....heaven in a cocktail glass!!! Go for lunch if the dinner menu seems too pricey. A "must do" in Vegas!
4	The mesa burger and fries for lunch at $16 were very nice and well priced for vegas. The burger was juicy and flavorful and the fries cooked perfectly.
4	This is my favorite place to eat alone on the strip.  I have gone here quite a few times on my own and always sit at the bar and meet interesting people, grab a drink, and have an appetizer for my meal.  I like the "rough cut tuna nachos" but last night I decided to try something else.  I was looking at the "green chile crostini salad with anchovies and ricotta" but the bartender recommended other things.  I ended up getting the grilled octopus salad with smoked paprika, shallots and lime.  It was divine, 2 whole tentacles, and reminded me of grilled octopus in NYC.  I also had a cactus pear margarita and it was great.  The bread basket was great too mmm!!!  I also sit next to some awesome people.  Once, a ticket broker for boxing matches.  Then, a couple who told me about Vegas Uncorked and led me to go to the Grand Tasting last year (and they paid for my meal).  Last night, a law professor in town for a conference.Mesa is a great place with delicious food, a great atmosphere, and interesting people.
5	Delicious!!!  We went to Mesa Grill with some friends during our visit to Vegas last weekend.  Now I'll preface that my husband and I do like Bobby Flay and the recipes that he creates on his shows (I replicated his carmalized banana cream pie and it was great), however, I will judge the food by the FOOD, not the celebrity.  Having been to one of Rick Bayless' restaurants (and we're a fan of some of his other recipes) and being completely letdown we feel we can judge pretty independently.Appetizer - The group ordered the Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla and Queso Fundido.  Both delicious and the everyone was able to have enough of the queso fundido.Main Course - I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Sweet Potato Tamale.  This was great and very tasty!  I liked it so much that I googled the recipe and found it on Bobby Flay's website.  I even went so far as to make the recipe at home and it was still just as delicious (granted my sauce took a lot longer to thicken, but was still good).Overall, this was a very good experience that I would highly recommend to others.
3	Lunch with Hubby and my Buddy, we were not very impressed.  The decor is awesome, but hey it's Vegas, it has to be.  Plus it's Bobby's restaurant so I would expect anything less but the food I was not impressed with.  The fries were weird and bland, the burger was over done and again bland.  They did have an awesome selection of dips and salsas which was cool.  The drinks were alright...Been there, seen it, tasted it, not going back.  Way more fish in the sea of Las Vegas, no need to come back here for another try.
3	Wanted to branch out & try something different, so one dinner was at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill.  I recommend getting reservations, because this place was packed!  And don't flake on your reservation, either.  These guys mean it when you make a reservation because if you no-show, they charge you $50 per head!  Opps did you oversleep?  That's a pretty expensive nap you just took.It's right by the sportsbook at Caesar's Palace.  We arrived right on time and were promptly seated.  The menu isn't quite as big as I was expecting, so we were able to narrow it down to 3 things, with pictures attached.  Ranked in order, they were:-scallop salad.  Micro greens, 3 scallops with a slightly spicy dry rub, and balsamic vinegar-like dressing.  Scallops were perfectly cooked and definitely the highlight of the dinner.-lobster.  It's cooked and taken out of the shell, so it's easy to eat and therefore you're not creating a mess in a fancy Las Vegas restaurant.  Mrs. C states that the sauce tastes like reduced bisque, and quite delicious.-pork tenderloin + twice baked potato.  The 3 pieces of pork tenderloin had a spicy dry rub, and then are nicely plated with 2 more sauces.  I have a pretty good tolerance for spicy food, but this was a tad too spicy for me.  The twice baked potato was good, but I should have gotten it without the horseradish.  Our server, to her credit, told us that the horseradish is mixed in, but not spicy.  She was right and it wasn't spicy, but knowing what I know now, I would have skipped the horseradish part of it.This is a good meal, and there's no question that there is a lot of attention to detail to the food and our service was quite good.  I just think that for the money spent, this is an average value, and that's why I marked down 1 star.  Our dinner the day before at Sedona Lounge was only half the cost per person, and I was much happier.  But sometimes it's about the experience and crossing items off your bucket list, and if you can't do that in Vegas, then you might want to check if you still have a pulse.  =)
4	I just returned from a party trip to LV. Party of 14 went to the place. Almost everyone enjoyed the food, including my wife, who is a chef. About every 5 years I'll order steak. It was good, not great. Hmmm... Strange that the drinking water served tasted like highly chlorinated Lake Meade water. For the $$ spent, kind of surprised me.
4	Very tasty.  Took my parents here for lunch and got a nice seat with view of big screen tv since MLB playoffs are on.  The fixed menu is a good deal as we got an appetizer, entree and dessert for $29.  I got the blue corn pancake with shredded duck and a BBQ sauce with star anise that tasted like housing sauce.The spicy chicken with sweet potato hash and runny egg on top was killer.  The grouper with tomatoes was good but nothing special.Burger was solid and came with tasty and perfectly crisp fries.The wait for Bobby flay was worth it.
5	Wow, to get a 5th star from me on a 2nd visit means it's pretty good! I can be on the picky side.  What I am trying to understand is how the casino cafes can get away with charging more than Bobby Flay for a burger that doesn't even come close to what you get at Mesa Grill.  If you look at the guides, Mesa Grill is listed as semi pricey - well in comparison to the mediocre food at many of the casino restaurants, this should be listed as inexpensive!  A burger costs $16 and it's worth every penny for the way the cheese is perfectly melted into the meat and the onions are caramelized to perfection.  Fries are seasoned really well too.  The barbecued lamb salad was delicious and not gamey.  They know how to make a pretty good Bloody Mary - but not as good as Old Ebbitt Grill in DC - Bobby ... go check it out and you'll see what I mean! Service is always great.  Thanks for another delicious meal.
5	Ok, we admit it... we have a ridiculous foodie crush on Chef Bobby Flay!  We have been to almost every restaurant he has, including completing the Trifecta of Mesa Grills... New York, VEGAS (at Caesar's Palace across from Pure) and the Bahamas (at the Cove, at the Atlantis in Paradise Island).  Mesa offers lunch and dinner, as well as brunch on Saturdays and Sundays. The food is spicy, inventive and ExCeLLeNT!For dinner, start off with the Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale, the Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ Duck and the Sophie's Chopped Salad (with chick peas, olives and tortillas).  Famous for southwestern cuisine and grilling, be ready for some spicy meat!  The New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with a Sweet Potato Tamale and Crushed Pecan Butter.... damn! The Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops with Red Chile, Lime and Rosemary, with Green Corn Pudding.... whew... sexy!  Blue Corn Soft Shell Crabs with Bacon, Green Onion and Chile Vinegar... I could go on and on.If you can make it for brunch... please do!  I think it may be better than dinner.  First off, a ridiculously amazing bread basket- my favorite is the spicy, corn muffins with pieces of corn in it and swirls of spice.  For your entree, definitely have the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash with Poached Eggs and Green Chile Hollandaise.  I can not even explain how good this is.  Sort of like a spicy Eggs Benedict with chicken and sweet potato homefries.  Some one always orders the Eggs and Aged Sirloin Tortilla with Roasted Peppers and Avocado Relish... and loves it!  It is simple, but delish... think make your own tacos with steak and eggs.No matter what meal you eat, the tequila cocktails are the perfect accompaniment.    Hands down, the Cactus Pear Margarita wins it!  Watch out boys... its pink!The Scene- Always full... full of Foodies!  Lively!  Food and Drinks- 5: Mind Blowing and Life Changing.  Tip Worthy- 5: The New Yorker 25-30%.  Excellent service... 3 to 4 servers at a time... one water, one bread, busy boy and waiter... without being the LEAST BIT stuffy.Coordinates- 4: Neighborhood- Centrally located! Restaurant Return Rate- Green light!  Between the three Mesa's, we have had at least 10 meals.  We bring everyone we know when there is one close by.  This review written by Angela.
5	It was the best meal in Las Vegas.  I ate and drank my way down the strip but this meal was truly superior.
4	Bomb. Came here for lunch and left very satisfied.I ordered my favorite fish halibut. YUM. I loved how the fish was perfectly seared on all sides so when you take your first bite there's this slight crisp to it. Fish was fresh and cooked perfectly. I loved the curry sauce that came with it. Hubby got the cuban sandwich and I think I enjoyed that slightly more than my fish. I loved the sweetened pickles and the sauce. Meat was slightly too rare fore me, but I still ate it. Definitely worth it because it's filling and oh so tasty. Maybe Bobby learned a few things from his Cuban sandwich throwdown??? Who the heck knows because this was delish.
5	Was soooo excited to try this place (I adore Bobby Flay!). Everything we had was divine! You HAVE to try the Blue Corn Pancake w/Barbecue Duck. I ordered the lamb because I love lamb but hubby doesn't so I gotta get it when I can. Believe me, I made the right choice! Topped off the night with some shots of mezcal. Whoo!
5	Oh Vegas, you did me dirty.But not you, Mesa Grill!  I have a little unrequited love crush on Bobby Flay, so I dragged my hungover group over to Mesa Grill so I could finally see what his food was all about. Definitely worth the trek in the heat.I ordered the cactus pear iced tea-- I wouldn't say this was worth it.  I thought it was going to be an extra special, spectacular iced tea.  To be honest, while it was quite refreshing, it tasted like a normal iced tea to me, aka, not worth $4. The starting bread basket was excellent! I enjoyed all the different breads-- it ranged from jalapeno corn bread, to a sweet dessert bread.  Munching on this made me almost too full to eat my main dish, the spicy chicken and potato hash.This dish was so rich!  I could only have one piece (it comes with two) but I enjoyed the spiciness paired with the sweetness of the sweet potato hash.  I only wish the outside was crunchier-- I think that would've added to the texture and made the dish perfect.  I'm not sure I would get this next time, just because it was quite rich and maybe a little heavy. I want that bread now. Sigh.
4	We had been to MESA grill once before a few years back, but for some reason this visit really stood out. The hubby and I flew in to Vegas in the morning and were starving around noon and decided to try MESA grill again. I opted for the prix fixe menu while the hubby chose the New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin.I started with the Blue Corn Pancake which consisted of barbecued duck wrapped in a blue corn pankcake and it was absolutely heavenly. I could have totally ate like 3 of them for lunch alone! Then I had the Yucatan Chicken Tacos which were also really delicious. The smoked chile barbeque sauce with the peanuts was divine. The hubby really enjoyed his pork tenderloin sandwich as well. He said it had a lot of spice and flavor to it. I can definitely say that the french fries that came with his sandwich were some of the best fries that I have ever had. They were perfectly seasoned, not too crispy and not soggy either!  The only reason why this review didn't get 5 stars is because the panna cotta desert didn't really wow me. To be fair, this was the first time I had actually had panna cotta, but I'm pretty sure I won't be getting it again. The texture just wasn't very pleasing to me. So If I could, I would give MESA grill 4.5 stars this time around :)
5	Dad and I are going to be in Vegas at the same time. Music to my ears. Not exactly what you were expecting me say, right? Let me explain why, "Oh yes Dad, I'll be checking in every day, right around dinner time! Would I like to meet you at Bobby Flays Mesa Grill, twist my arm" Hello free meals in Vegas, I have to take what I can get! Where do I start? Maybe Ill start by saying it was amazing! We were lucky enough to walk in without a reservation, only because it was 4pm. When we left around 7pm I am guessing we wouldn't have stood a chance coming in with out one at that time because the place was packed. We started with the southwestern and chopped salads. All three were so good, i kept wanting to eat my Dads and step Moms too. Our waiter must have though I lacked table manners because the whole time I was sticking my fork into my parents plates, but I couldn't help it! Everything was so good! The bread, oh the bread! So yummy! Everything here has this south western flare to it even the breads. One bread had jalapenos and cheese in it, a match made in heaven. There were little corn muffins too and assorted breads all fantastic as well. I ordered a fish dish and of course it was nothing short of spectacular. My favorite was the pork tenderloin and sweet potato tamales that that my step mom had ordered, they were to die for. The meat was falling off the bone! This was possibly the best service ever, hands down! They wait on you hand and foot. It seemed like we had a server and about two bussers per table. Whenever we needed anything or even started to look like we might need something one of them was right there to take our order, order more drinks, or clear our plates. I'm definitely going back again even if my parents aren't there to pay for it this time.
5	I'm in love!
4	My girls decided to take me for a belated bday din here, at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. We started with the Rough Cut Tuna Nachos, which were not bad, pretty tasty, and with a little bit of a habanero kick. Since our dinners were taking a bit of time, we also had an amuse bouche courtesy of the chef. It was a similar tuna appetizer. For main course, I ordered the 22oz bone in Chipotle Glazed Rib-eye. It was cooked to perfection. The only thing I didn't like was that they don't really let you have it your way. I like my steak a little more rare, but they suggest that you have it medium, as that is the chef recommendation. Nevertheless, the medium was good. I polished the whole thing down and then... for sides there was the roasted corn with grilled cactus, lime and cotija. This by far is THE BEST THING on the menu. While we got other sides... we only really finished this one and were licking the bottom of the bowl it came in.For dessert we had some delicious churros and a cake that I can't remember now. But the churros really stood out. Overall a great tasty experience. I would go back for the corn alone.
5	Had to try this place being that it's one of Bobby Flay's.  There was a 45 minute wait so we sat at the bar.  Even with the bar staff, the service was solid.The food as has been well documented is fantastic if you make the right choices.  The blue cornmeal muffins that come out with the bread are excellent.  I started with the tiger prawn tamale.  The tamale itself was done perfectly and not over spiced, instead letting the subtle maza mix with the sweet and smoky corn veloute served under it.  The prawns themselves were succulent and extremely fresh.My main course was the grouper.  It was very good, but nothing too original or mind blowing.  The highlight of my meal was actually the side of corn I wittingly ordered.  I usually have a knack for picking the best item on a menu (or at least the one that sounds like they really know what they're doing on that also fancies my taste buds) and this corn was another prime example of that.  The roasted corn is done in a cream stock with nopal (cactus), with hints of lime and topped with cotija cheese.  The result is a perfect balance of a rich blend of sweet, sour, and salty.All in all, the food lives up to the billing, though I think it's better to stick with the signature dishes.
4	We had a very enjoyable dinner here last week, and both the food and service were great.  For appetizers we did the Tuna Nachos and the Goat Cheese Queso.  The tuna was excellent and I could have used a double portion.  The Goat Cheese Queso was very good, but how could you go wrong with melted cheese.For dinner, the coffee rubbed filet and the green chili ciopino with crispy squash blossom and mashed potatoes for sides.  The cioppino was very fresh and flavorful.  Getting the shrimp peeled was a little messy,  but worth the added flavor.  My only complaint was that after eating most of the seafood from the dish the green chili base was not quite as visually appealing.  The filet was tender and the coffee rub wasn't overpowering.  Unfortunately, the filet wasn't hot and the plate was cold so the mushrooms and ancho chili sauce didn't come across very well.  The sqaush blossoms where incredibly light and the mashed potatoes were creamy.  I'll definitely be back, but I would probably opt for lunch instead of dinner.
5	My boyfriend heard about this place and wanted to try it out. We made reservations for dinner, and I'm glad we did because the restaurant was packed when we arrived. First came out the bread and butter. There were three different kinds, one for the each of us, including jalapeno cheese bread, cornbread, and raisin bread. It was a nice change from the usual, plain bread options.For our entrees, I ordered the ancho chile-honey glazed salmon with roasted jalapeno crema, and my boyfriend had the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with bourbon-ancho chile sauce and a sweet potato tamale. I asked for my salmon to be cooked medium well, and for the pork tenderloin, the server recommended having it cooked medium, and my boyfriend agreed. I'm not big on seafood, but the salmon was amazing! It was light and moist, and the accompanying sauces were delicious. I ate it up! My boyfriend enjoyed the pork tenderloin. I had a bite, and it was incredibly tender. The tamale with crushed pecan butter was a nice side dish, but it was a little dry. We also shared a side of roasted corn with grilled cactus, lime, and cotija cheese. It was very creamy, but it was tasty and enough for the both of us.We took a look at the dessert menu, and we wanted to try a chocolate and fruit dessert, but we were told that they were out, so apparently, it's a popular one. I can't find it on the current online menu. None of the other dessert options appealed to us, and we were full, so we skipped it.Service was excellent. One of our servers accidentally dropped a piece of ice in our corn side dish, and before I realized what happened, he brought out another one for us at no extra charge. The atmosphere was nice, but the tables were a little too close together. Prices are expensive, but I think it was worth it.
5	I love the Spanish quesadilla and the steaks are amazing. Make sure you order a steak here!
4	If you're on a budget and want good food, come for lunch.Got a cuban sandwich and it was good.  Fries were very unique.  They're fries but they're just made better.  Couldn't figure out the difference.  Pretty filling.  You won't have leftovers but you'll be more than satisfied.  I mean, you can't really take leftovers anyways since most room don't have a fridge and microwave.Service is great.
5	I have been here 3 times now, and every experience has been 5 stars, and its not just because Bobby Flay is my favorite Iron Chef. I had actually been craving the roasted chicken and brussel sprouts from my last visit (and I normally NEVER order chicken, but their preparation is so flavorful and moist), so imagine my disappointment when they were both absent from the menu.  However, this disappointment didn't last long when my perfectly prepared Fire Roasted Veal Chop was placed in front of me.  My husband and friend both ordered the 22 oz. rib-eye. If you order this, come hungry! We shared a couple delicious appetizers and sides, but even the bread alone is so delicious.  My 2 year old daughter (who also has quite the palate) was with us and we were able to order from an off-menu children's dinner for $18.  We ordered the roasted chicken and mashed potatoes for her, and she enjoyed every bite.  It was such a refreshing change to have a beautifully presented child's meal, instead of the typical chicken fingers and french fries.   One of the perks of living in Las Vegas is the fact I have a plethora of great restaurants to choose from.  This restaurant is always busy, so make reservations in advance.
3	So sad that I cant give it a better review because I really wanted it to be better since I really like Bobby flay. I had the Blue corn duck pancakes which were very good. My main course for lunch was a cold thick cut pork sandwhich that was not very good at all. Very little flavor (I was warned it was going to be cold) and nothing unique about it. The Fries however were the biggest disappointment with "special spices just dumped over the top of them and were very cold. I would like to give another try but $50 for lunch for a local is a little steep so I might have to save for a date night someday.Well my second chance at Mesa was not any better than the first. I had the Spicy chicken and sweet potato hash. It looked nice in presentation with an egg on top 2 bright orange circular mounds. However it was anything but spicy and very sweet. It tasted good but felt more like a desert. The bread basket was good but that was it.
5	Mesa Grill was OUTSTANDING! I was in Vegas for work, met up with a colleage and we decided to check it out. I knew it was Bobby Flay's restaurant, so I was anxious to try it (I'm OBSESSED with the Food Network.) We started off with an interesting, but tasty bottle of Rioja. I believe it's a Spanish wine. Kind of a peppery taste. Our eyes bigger than our stomaches, we decided to start with the Rough Cut Tuna 'Nachos.' They came out and were almost to pretty to eat. They had the muli-colored corn chips that were cut in perfect circles. Then a nice, rare piece of tuna that was nicely chopped to drizzle the chips. Followed with mango and hot sauce on top. Delicious! The service was great! Our waitress would fill our glasses just as they got a little low. Very friendly and attentive! She even made several great entree suggestions. Everything looked so great, but I guess I was just in the mood for more tuna. I ordered the Mango and Spice Crusted Tuna Steak. I ordered mine rare. It tasted as though it was infused with cinnammon and was absolutely the best tuna steak I have ever had! Then they gave me a side of toasted pine nut cous cous. It had a nice coating of crisp, and cooked to perfection. My colleague ordered the Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. I took a bite, not being a big pork fan and was hooked. It just melted in my mouth. We were so full, our plates still had more food and we thought this was the best meal ever and never wanted to stop.  Hahah it was a very good choice. Mia even left with a new cookbook. :)
3	Was pretty good and had some signature Bobby Flay heat on all the dishes. The bloody mary was awesome. Overall though compared to all the other LV fine dining I've experienced, I wouldn't rate this as high as other places and fell below what I expected from Mr. Flay. It was good but not wow.
5	We went here for lunch on a brief trip through Vegas, and it was spectacular.  The service was excellent and the food was delicious.  I had the Grilled Cuban Burger which was love at first bite, my daughter had the Swordfish sandwich which she truly enjoyed.  The wait staff was attentive but did not hover, they were knowledgeable about the menu and made excellent suggestions.  I am anxious to get back to Vegas and go here for dinner.
5	Mesa Grill was my favorite dining experience on a recent trip to Vegas.  I was with my mom and I chose this for the wow factor of going to one of Bobby Flay's restaurants.  My mom was definitely thrilled.We started in the bar where we sat and enjoyed a drink while waiting for our table.  I was impressed with the wine list and enjoyed a Pinot...but mom took a recommendation and ordered a house Margarita.  She was not disappointed.I ordered the Pan Seared Halibut and it was one of those meals where I ate teeny, tiny bites because I did not want it to be gone!  Mom ordered an over the top New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin - even though I was loving my selection...I was envious of her's as well.Our waiter started out a little on the cold side, but he quickly warmed up and was very enjoyable.  He was great at assisting with our entree selections - and we were clearly not disappointed.  Next time in Vegas I will definitely be going back.
3	Ordered the pork tenderloin, got the lamb. I told the waiter, he states he wrote down the lamb. Did I say lamb? I dont even like lamb, so I couldn't of. Waiter didn't even try to fix our order. Luckily my date which it was her birthday dinner doesn't mind lamb. No discount on the bill or a free dessert for his mess up. After I paid the bill, the table right next to us said, u guys did order the pork tenderloin. The food was good, but I won't be coming back because of bad service.
5	I had the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops, and my boyfriend had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. DELICIOUS!!! Favorite restaurant I've tried thus far. I love Bobby Flay!
5	I still think Chef Bobby Flay is a total D bag but his food is so damn good!  After a long flight into Vegas our first stop was to go to the Mesa Grill for lunch.  This was our first meal of the day and we were starving.  We had a short wait of about 15 minutes but had a drink while we waited.  Our server greeted right away and his assistant brought us water and assortment of bread.  First of all the bread was really good.  There was a combination of mini bite size jalapeno cheese biscuit, blue corn and yellow corn bread (the best corn bread I've ever had) and two fruit type of pastry bars.  For the appetizers we had the tiger shrimp tamales and a crispy bacon hash quesadilla topped with a over easy egg.  Both were outstanding.  My wife had the chillaquilles and I had the burger.  Both entrees were delicious and so flavorful.  Service was on par and the atmosphere was great.  Highly recommend checking out Mesa Grill!
2	I had very high expectations for Mesa Grill as I've become a huge fan of Bobby Flay's and have recreated many of his dishes at home. The restaurant was a mad house which was ok as we knew it was going to be lively and it's literally right in the middle of a casino. We took a seat in the bar and were immediately struck by how unkempt the actual bar was. There was a 2009 best cocktail recipe book stuck on one of the shelves and a bottle of jug wine sitting next to it. I asked for a glass of sparkling wine or champagne and was given a mini bottle that tasted so terrible I had to send it back and get a margarita (which was delicious). We were seated shortly thereafter and our waiter was great - really on top of things and enthusiastic about waiting on us. We ordered a few more drinks (S getting one that was bubblegum pink so he made me switch with him) but were saddened by how awful the wine list was. There were no California wines which would have matched up perfectly to the Tex Mex style of food at Mesa Grill nor were there any great wines to try - it was as if the wine list was a complete afterthought. We persevered and placed our order - to start we ordered the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido and the Salmon and Tuna Tartars. The cheese and salmon were delicious but the tuna smelled really fishy so we sent it back. We were brought another scoop of salmon and all was made right in our worlds. For our main courses, I ordered the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and S had the Southwestern Spiced Duck Breast. My dish was inedible because the spice rub was too heavy and all you tasted was spice - not seasoning but spice. S was happy with his dish especially the Brussels sprouts he ordered as an additional side. Our waiter handled the situation perfectly and was awesome when I sent mine back so it wasn't a big deal. All in all, I had high expectations for Mesa Grill and they fell flat against what was delivered. It felt like Bobby Flay put his name on the restaurant and just left. I can't imagine that he'd be thrilled with the food that was leaving the kitchen and the atmosphere didn't feel like a celebrity chef was involved except for the conception of the idea and that where it stopped. The one bright spot were the Brussels sprouts - amazing and only a handful of ingredients (you can find the recipe in his Mesa Grill cook book).
2	Me and my wife decided to go to dinner and try something different.   So I picked the Mesa Grill because of the high reviews it had here.  Plus being one of Bobby Flays restaurants, I had high hopes.  We only had to wait a couple minutes to be seated and the hostess was very nice.  I was impressed by the selection on the menu and many items looked good.    I started out with the Tiger Shrimp Tamales and they were very delicious.  I ordered the Black Angus New York Strip Steak in a medium well.   Well when I got the steak and cut into it the steak was barely rare.   We were sitting fairly close to the meat prep station and I had noticed the cook throw what looked like a frozen steak on the grill.   Then he was more focused on the monday night football game on the TV in the sports book.   To me there is no excuse to order a $48 steak and have it improperly cooked.  I had mentioned it to the waitress and she offered to recook the steak.  I am one not to send anything back to the kitchen because what I have heard they do to return orders.  I figured she would at least mention to the cook that he did not do a good job but she did not try.  Needless to say I was not happy and have definitely had better steaks from a Chili's restaurant.   Overall there was certain parts of the meal that were good but it was truly a disappointment.
4	Delicious!  I can't remember the name of the appetizer, but I was craving it again during our stay.  A goat cheese, con queso w/blue corn chips - excellent and decadant.  The lobster w/hominy cakes were divine - perfection.  The only reason I am not giving this a 5 star is because the service was very slow to start even though we were at an early seating.  Took forever to get water, wine and bread but the food was delicious with just the right complexity of textures and flavor.
4	This was my first time at one of Bobby Flay's restaurants, and I thought the food lived up to the hype, but not the service.We started with the Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla, which was amazing! Haven't had anything like it before. For my entree, I had the halibut, which was also good, but somewhat dry/overcooked (which was actually fine by me, since I like my fish done well).I had made a reservation, but we still had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. There were a lot of tables open, but people coming in without reservations were told there was a 2 hour wait. I'm not sure if they were understaffed or what the case was. I also thought our server wasn't very attentive. It was more us waiting for him, than him waiting on us.I'd recommend Mesa Grill for the food and ambience, but hope that the service improves!
3	I love BObby Flay!!!! However everything I ordered during my visit was too salty. The fries, hamburger and shrimp tamale all had too much salt! Maybe Bobby needs to come and tell his cooks to ease up on the salt.
4	this is a solid 3.5. i round up b/c i heart bobby. thank goodness for per diem, cause i would not have been able to come here for a loooooooooooooong time on my own money. ive been wanting to come for quite a while, and had to skip it the last time i came to vegas. wanted to walk in for dinner after we watched the giants win the world series at the sports book (what what!) at 7:30 or so, but we were told we would have to wait an hour, so made a reservation for the next day. they asked me for my credit card, and only upon giving it back to us did the hostess tell us that they would charge a $50/head cancellation fee if we didn't warn them by 3:00pm the day of. WTH?! FIFTY DOLLARS? uhhhhhhhhhhhh. she was not nice at all. as if she didn't need my business. which may be true, but you shouldn't act that way!anyways, we arrived a little early the next day and had to wait a couple minutes, which is understandable.ordered the shrimp tamale appetizer (upon rec of waiter), and my two coworkers ordered the lobster whereas i ordered the ribeye. we also got a side of corn. Cause, if you're going to try something from bobby flay, you've gotta do something with lobster, corn, mango salsa, and/or steak. i believe the only thing we missed out on was the mango?the shrimp tamale was....... good and bad. great sauce, perfectly cooked shrimp (which didn't come as big as i thought they would), but the tamale was overcooked - it was dry. the price tag was also crazy - $16. four shrimp and corn for 16 bucks. guess we're in vegas.the bread we received was pretty good. corn muffins with cheddar and jalapeno, and some french baquette business. when i ordered my steak, i wanted it rare, but the waiter strongly urged i get it medium, as it would not be tough. when has ribeye ever been tough? -.- so i ordered it medium, but i guess different ppl have different opinions on what medium is, b/c it came out pretty pink throughout. however, it was evenly pink throughout, which is difficult to accomplish, and he was right, it was not tough or chewy at all. the steak was a little on the sweet side, which i don't particularly love, but the spice was a great balance. the side of roasted corn was wonderful, but dinky for $8.got to try a bite of the lobster - that was bomb. i should've ordered it, but i didn't want all three of us to get lobster. we gotta branch out, right? we ended up paying $65 each. i'm glad i tried it, but don't know if i'll be back. between b*tchy hostesses and no bobby (well, that's not really his fault - he's got an empire to run) and the price tag, it's as expected, no wow factor.
4	The Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash with Poached Egg topped with Green Chile Hollandaise was a WOW dish. Very attentive service. Personally the decor is nice but some of the ambience is stolen because you can see out on the Casino Floor. Minor issue, great food but as you would expect with a casino restaurant , it was pricey
5	:o)!!!!Bobby Flay.... you son of a bitch...... Here I am, thinking that you're some asshole that's famous based on your looks and cockiness.  Boy was I WRONG.  You made me eat my words and boy were those words DELICIOUS!Ladies and gentleman.... this man knows how to cook!  I walked in here thinking that it was all hype, but the four of us were HIGHLY impressed with all our dishes and bread basket.The food:Bread basket - There was a good mixture of sweet and savory breads.  I should have taken notes but some of the stand outs were the coffee cake, corn bread, and what we named the jalapeno cheese "popper", so basically all the breads they were offering.Crispy bacon + hash brown quesadilla (fried egg + spicy tomato salsa) - The cheese was nice and melty with the perfect crunch of bacon to go along with each bite.Spicy chicken + sweet potato hash (poached eggs + green chile hollandaise) - I just about died tasting this dish.  The sweet potato was a nice twist that was added to a normally savory eggs benedict dish.  Every bite I stole from my friend just made me melt with happiness.  So do yourself a favor and succumb to the understanding that this dish is highly recommended for a reason.Blue corn buttermilk waffle (blackberry bourbon syrup + vanilla creme fraiche) - OHHHH MY GOSH!!!!!!  I love waffles, but my god... I LOVE THESE WAFFLES.  The vanilla creme......*drool*.... just about slapped me across the face.  One bite of this waffle made me bow down in shame and made me realize that Bobby Flay is the shit!  Mark my words, I WILL be back to try out the dinner service and hopefully that meal will be amazing and leave the same lasting impression, if not, better one than my spectacular brunch.
5	I've eaten here a few times now - mainly for brunch.I love the Ancho-chile honey glazed salmon!!!   Talk about a party in your mouth!  Bobby does a great job at layering the different flavors into some amazing combination!  That's true artistry folks!!!I love the bread basket too!  I have to be careful to not fill up on the ample variety of goodies - its hard because they are all so tasty and they will glady bring you more.  The service and quality has been very consistent.  Thanks for NOT disappointing Bobby!!!
4	The tamale is excellent. Love the chicken taco and the salmon. The chicken on the sixteen spice chicken salad is a little bit dry. The service is A +++. Our waiter, John G, is so friendly, polite, and funny. He made us feeling that we were really welcomed to Mesa.
3	Mesa Grill has an upbeat, modern vibe to it. Lots of glass, light woods, and metal. The bar is off to the side as you enter and has a warm and inviting look about it. Of course you have Bobby Flay swag for sale right in your face as you approach the hostess stand. I get why it's there, but it upped the tacky level more than I'd usually like (even in Vegas). There were a fair number of people waiting, but we had reservations (party of 7) and our wait was less than 10 minutes.Our server was fairly prompt to the table to take appetizer orders, but I had to tell him we needed a drink menu and the wine list first (sorry, this is something that should be noticed by a server). The wine list was decent, but nothing exceptional. Prices ranged from 2.0x - 3.0x retail. We opted to do two bottles: one was a Joel Gott Zinfandel and the other was a central coast Syrah that carries the restaurant's private label. Both were about $60 each. The Zin was lovely, with a deep color, soft tannins, and all the mouthfeel you'd expect from a nice zinfandel. The syrah had nice flavor, but was a tad tight on its own. I figured it would shine with some of the meat dishes and it did pair very well with the entrees.Noise levels in the dining area were pretty loud, but it was also a Friday night in Vegas and the place was busy. As for the service after we ordered, well it can be summed up with one word: s-l-o-w. Our apps took a while to appear and the entrees took even longer after that. Close to 30 mins between app plates being removed and entree plates being brought. The server really wasn't checking in very often either and was pretty much invisible after our entrees came.The menu is all about showcasing Bobby's flair for all things southwestern and you won't find much that doesn't have at least some corn, chile, salsa, and/or spice. Appetizers were all in the $10 - 16 range and entrees started at about $30 with most meat dishes over $40. Sides are separate (of course) and they're $8 a pop. We ordered a lot of food for seven people, so I will only get into the highlights and lowlights of the dinner:Menu Highlights    * Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla - This was by far the best thing on the appetizer menu (and arguably on the whole menu). It is served up with grilled green onions, artichokes and a smoky salsa. A fried egg adorns the top of the totrilla to complete the package. This was awesome. The flavors all work together and the chorizo had nice bite without overpowering the dish.    * Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon - This was a nice sized filet, cooked perfectly to the requested medium rare. It came with a mushroom reduction sauced spiked with ancho chile. It was very tasty and the coffee rub added a nice nuance to the dish. The person eating it was kind enough to share some of it with us. I knew by the size of the smile on his face that it was a winner before I even tried any of it.    * Roasted Corn - Yes, this is a side dish, but it ranks as one of the better options on the menu. The corn kernels were crisp-tender and then tossed with cactus & lime. Some cotija cheese is sprinkled on top for good measure, too. Very tasty and worth the $8 for a bowl. Menu Lowlights    * Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Tamale - I figured this dish was a no-brainer in this restaurant, maybe that's why it was such a huge disappointment. The shrimp were a nice size, but overcooked and the textured of the tamale itself seemed way too dry. This went mostly uneaten.     * Green Chile Ciopinno - Flay is known for award winning ciopinno, but let's say that this was not the finest example. Most of the seafood was overcooked, which was such a downer because the green chile broth was amazing (I'd order a bowl of the broth by itself if I could).    * Salmon with Ancho-Honey Glaze - This was a nice sized piece of salmon and, as opposed to the other seafood dishes, it was cooked perfectly. It was served with a spicy black bean sauce and a jalapeno crema. It all sounded like it would go well together, but it really amounted to just too much going on. On top of that, it was extremely salty. It all added up to a dish I wanted to forget about after a few bites. Final Take Mesa Grill was kind of a mixed bag for us. It did some things really well, but there were a lot of things that were 'meh', too. When you're talking about a place that was $100+ per person, I expect a bit more in the food and service department. If I had to do it over, I'd probably stick with having a drink and an app at the bar, then go get dinner elsewhere. My apologies to Bobby, but this is one throwdown that he lost because this foodie feels you can do far better on the Strip at this price point.Overall Grade = C+ (Average)The EV Foodie
3	Dinner last week. Four of us.Appetizers: tamales and tiger shrimp. Both were good. Not stupendous.I opted for the bone-in rib-eye. Glaze was lovely, meat was cooked beautifully. The taste was incredible with great mouth-feel.I had a massive doggie bag to take back to my hotel room. And upon further study, lots of it was fat. So, really it wasn't such a great leftover. And even when I ate it in the restaurant, there was lots of fat.One dining partner got the specialty grilled pork loin and proclaimed it fabulous.For a side we got a group-split of two servings of the roasted corn, and that was terrific.My cocktail was something with grapefruit juice. It was so refreshing (I totally love grapefruit.).
5	Mesa Grill is an experience that you have to have.  Take whatever money you have and get to Vegas so you can eat here.  I had reservations for 4 at 7 pm but wasn't actually seated until 8.  You can't rush perfection you know.Make sure you drink a couple bottles of wine too.  I'm trying to think of something bad to say about this place, but I can't.  I could say it's bad this place is so far away but I guess that makes it even more special.
5	now I get to be included in hype about getting to eat at one of Bobby Flay's restaurant!!! Thank goodness for Las Vegas - or else maybe it would be a long while before I get to go to New York and try all these famous eats!We went for brunch and the menu is really simple - 5 appetizers and about 10 entrees. I was on a super, hungry stomach and I wanted EVERYTHING!The server points out that since it is southwestern cuisine, that everything on the menu is going to have some heat to it. But the menu is made with some sweetness to balance the spicy.We ordered:Spicy Chicken + sweet potato hash with poached eggs and green chile hollandaiseSpicy level from 1-10: 7Review: presentation was pretty & appetizing, tastes really good - good balance of spicy & creaminess from the sweet potatoes. Just needed a little more crunch for texture.Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles - roasted tomatillo sauce, white cheddar cheese, and creme fraiche.Spicy level from 1-10: 3Review: The best thing we ordered! Presentation wise it was really colorful. The eggs & cheese are layered in between fried blue corn tortillas, and topped with the green sauce and the orange creme fraiche just has a little kick to it. The blue corn was the perfect element in the dish that gave it the perfect texture.
4	Bobby Flay, Hooray! This was my second time dining at this location and this was simply fantastic but for a couple of small gripes.Overall a super meal, albeit a bit pricey. I started with the Chopped salad, interesting but not fantastic.  The Pork Tenderloin, however with a side of Brussel Sprouts was off the charts amazing. The flavors, the taste was everything you would expect of an Iron Chef.  It was so tender and perfectly cooked it was hard to tell it was pork. The spicy chipotle reduction sauce helped to make the dish.My gal ordered the salmon, also perfectly prepared and a side of spinach.   The ambiance is good but not great even though the restaurant itself is adorned with ceiling sculptures and has a very open feel for a place of its size. Seems they could dim the lighting a bit? Again, not the most romantic of spots.
5	I am one of those people who couldn't care less about Bobby Flay.  But during my last visit to Las Vegas, I didn't want to go do the same old routine: eating at one buffet after another.  So I decided to look up the restaurant that has good ratings in Vegas.  Found the review on Mesa Grill and it just got me curious, I asked my hubby if he wants to try it and he said yes (he enjoys watching Bobby's Flay show on food network).  So we went.  We went for lunch, the menu was short and sweet.  My husband ordered Tiger Shrimp Taco, I ordered Salmon, my father in-laws ordered Chiile Rellenos, we also got the Goat Cheese appetizer and a Coconut Cake.  The food were wonderful, I would have to say it's one of the best meals I've ever had!  My 18 months old daughter ate 3 dishes out of the 5 (she didn't try the chille because of the spice, and she couldn't try the Tiger Shrimp Taco because her dad inhaled the entire thing so fast!).  She is a very picky eater but she loved all the food there.  I would definitely go there again.  Just have to save my pretty penny first, the food at Mesa Grill is not cheap, but you pay for the quality of the food!
5	Not a crazed Bobby Flay fan, nor did I even know what Mesa Grill was before I walked in. But Wow, was this good!I was there for the brunch menu and actually just ordered a salad. The Apple Salad. For being a salad, it was amazing. Not a lot of ingredients, but a simple, yet amazing salad, can you believe it!? Even the bread they give you as you first sit was amazing, jalapeno bread, blueberry coffee cake, corn bread, and cranberry scones!Bravo Bobby Flay.
4	Ok, where do I get started...let's see: Decor/Staff: I personally loved the modern open space. Lighting was to my satisfaction, color scheme and decorations were exciting. Staff was cordial and had good timing. But it absolutely sucked to be eating such a nice meal with a view of the sports betting area, watching two-bit bookies walk back and forth down the beaten path, swilling a high life. Walls are non tinted glass so everyone strolling through the area is looking at you and vice versa. Don't forget the added benefit of watching the sports betting area. Tacky. Well it is Vegas! Score: Minus -1 star. Prices: One expects to pay premium at celebrity chef's eatery but also expects great food. But even this seemed to have an extra Vegas markup like everything else in Vegas. Score: Push Food/Wine: Ok, I saved the best for last. The meal was good...really damned good! I love spices and after having tried Mesa Grill in Manhattan, I knew I would like the food here. I dined with two of my NASA buddies and we started off with three appetizers and would share: - Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Tamale: delicious! Was my favorite of the three apps (I loved them all though). But 16 for 3 shrimp? C'mon, man! - Blue Corn Pancake + BBQ Duck: another wonderful tasting app. Never had BBQ duck and couldn't get enough of it. Really, because it was about the size of coffee cup in diameter. - Cremini Mushroom Quesadilla: finally an app as big as it's price! Actually this was quite tasty and loved the fried quail egg on top.. Delish! For my entree I had the Fire Roasted Veal Chop. it was maple glazed and served with a wild rice tamale. Damn, this was good. After using utensils for as long as I could, I went caveman style grabbed to bone and chewed off the last remnants. Yeah, it was that good. I tried a piece of the chipotle glazed bone-in rib eye...ahh hell yeah...I know what my next piece of meat at Mesa Grill will be. We shared a 2006 (?) bottle of the Shafer Relentless and it was probably the best bottle of wine I 've ordered at a restaurant in a long time. It had a price to match it's taste, as well. I did think the wine list was a little unimpressive though.Score: 5 starts It's really annoying and distracting to see the same guy about ten times over the course dinner, obviously placing bets for a number of people in the sports betting area. He literally walked into and out of view so much that we started betting on when he would pass by again. That plus seeing people wheel by with their luggage took away from a very enjoyable meal.
2	The checkin system crazy.  Don't mind a wait for a good place to eat, but being told to just hover around and check back every 20 minutes is interesting.  Invest in the pager system.  After hovering around the hostess station for about a half and hour we were seated.  It took almost 10 minutes before our waiter acknowledged us.  By this time we knew exactly what we wanted and just ordered at the same time we asked for water.Water took almost another 10 minutes and we then had to ask another bus boy? waiter? to get it for us.  When another couple was seated in our area, I timed it from sit down to when he first approached them and it mirrored our experience.  So this was obviously a very poor waiter who needs to either be re-trained or doing something else.The bread and butter to came out with meal. We ordered the burgers to try.  They were good, but not anything to make me want to endure their check-in system and poor service for.  We had eaten burgers at Mon Ami Gabi the day before and they were much better and we had A+ service.  Not to mention the price at Mesa was no deal.  I'll pay a lot for a good burger, but not when there is crappy service, forget it.Our waiter basically ignored us until near the end of our meal.  Then he came back about every minute to try and "be our friend".  I get that whole recency effect.  He figures we will give him a tip based on that. Wrong.I would never come back to the Mesa Grill.  With so many other great places to eat in Vegas with top-notch service, I would rather take my money and time there.
3	Inconsistent at best.  Great expectations entering this food network star restaurant.  After sampling the best tamale I have ever had, a, shrimp tamale with a luscious cream sauce, the dinner went straight downhill.  A 22 oz bone-in ribeye did not have the customary Vegas char for a medium-rare that I have gotten used to in this great steak town.  While I could live with that, the relish served pepper relish served on the steak and the ancho and chimichurri sauce served on the plate were cold.  The twice baked potato was mediocre and the pear upside down cake was easily forgotten.  Not worth the price.
5	If you go for brunch, get the chicken sweet potato hash and the special iced tea. You won't regret it!
4	I think it was because the fight was going on and a very odd woman was laying down and going a bit nutty that made me give this place 4 stars. Mesa Grill is located near the Pure and the Sports book in Caesars Palace. The Pacquiao vs Margarito fight was that night, so getting to Mesa was a little difficult. We had a 7:45 reservation and if you miss your reservation you are charged a 50 dollar per person cancellation fee. I did not want to take that risk. We checked in for our reservations and were asked to wait near the bar. Dan and I ordered some semi custom margaritas. The margaritas were awesome.. I mean tasty and strong. I opted to get the basic margarita and add a shot of grand mariner to give it a little citrus kick. Dan went with the Margarita with Patron. We got our drinks and before we took our first sip, our table was ready. Our server was friendly but he looked a little preoccupied. Like I said earlier.. there was this woman dining alone who was acting peculiar. The EMT was called, but she was nutty not sick. She kept on moving back and forth between seats and laying down, this made a uncomfortable dinner. I think this took away from the Mesa experience because the server and staff were focused on this lady. Also since it is near the sports book, you can hear every cheer, jeer, and swear coming from the sports book. The reason we made our reservation is because we love Bobby Flay and his chefs did not disappoint. We started ROUGH CUT TUNA "NACHOS" and it was tasty. the Mango - Habanero Hot Sauce and Avocado Crema complemented the tuna. It was a sweet and tangy starter. For dinner, I went with the NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN and I swear I saw food god that day. It was prepared to perfection and the Bourbon - Ancho Chile Sauce was so sweet yet spicy. I wasn't a fan of the tamale but the meat made up for it. Dan got a steak and I cannot comment on it because I was loving my pork. I think I only gave him a small bite because I didn't want to share and I cannot remember the flavors. We did order another round of margaritas and did not get any dessert because we needed to get to Mirage to see Jo Koy. At the end of our dinner, our server did give us plastic cups to take with us so that was a nice extra that we would have forgotten. I feel if it was a different day I would be giving this place 5 starts but the service and the proximity of the sports book made me take it down to 4.
5	My wife and I heard many good things about Mesa Grill, so we decided to give it a try.  We went in around noon for lunch on a Thursday and the restaurant was pretty empty.  The waiter promptly told us the specials and asked if we know who Bobby Flay is.  It seems like they are trained to talk about the Iron Chef.We ordered the SHRIMP + ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE for appetizer, ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMON, and GREEN CHILE BURGER for entrees.Since Bobby Flay is known for his sauces, the tamale came with a very creamy garlic sauce that complements the entire dish.  For the salmon, it came with a light black bean, bbq, and honey sauce.  Also, it is topped with fresh green salsa that refreshes the palate with every bite.  My wife stated that it was the best salmon she's ever had.  The green chile burger is also very interesting.  The sour component that usually comes from ketchup is replaced with green chile instead.  The patty is also very tasty and moist.Overall, we really enjoy the food and the service at Mesa Grill.  We will definitely visit it again when we come back to Las Vegas.
3	I took my very deserving bf to this place for his birthday. Best advice:#1) Get reservations. #2) Go for lunch or breakfast#3) ask questions before ordering the first thing that calls to you.I went after having read the menu and Yelp reviews but * in spite of reading the yelp reviews. I'll admit my expectations were low and it was better than I expected but to say I'd go back... eh. probably not. there are too many restaurants in town to say I'd go back. But my bf loves B.Flay and he was happy so thats all that matters.APPETIZER: Queso fundido.. How can you go wrong with creamy ovenhot cheese w/ chips? We both agreed this was the best thing and star of the night. If I had it to do over again I'd have ordered 2 apps for my dinner.and called it a night. ENTREE: I ordered the 16 spice chicken mole. Really good but it had the skin on it which I never eat skin on chicken - and peeled it off, which also peels of the great 16 spice chicken ..but the mole was good. My bf ordered the pork tenderloin which so did the lady sitting next to us - literally I could have hit my neighbor @ the nxt table in the ribs without leaning over. YEP it was that close. SIDES: my bfs plate came with some kind of tamale - dry. I ordered the pumpkin spice tamale as a side: dry w/ too much star of anise. thats all I could taste. IT all sounds good in theory, but its not. I dont recall what else my bf ordered as a side... guess u could say it was forgettable. No drinks or dessert and tab was $110. Nope.. could have had 2 awesome dinners elsewhere for that price, not including tip to the waitress who was great.  Felt kinda bad for the staff b/c they looked like ants in a farm - everyone doing something so dillitgently but there's so many- they must rely on tips that or thats why the prices are so high. As I left couldnt help but wish I'd gone to one of the other restaurants in the Forum Shops. Hell, even Cheesecake factory tasted better. But I give 3 stars - one for service, one for creativity for different tasting dishes. and 2 for ambiance. but I take away for having to practially sit in my neighbors chair with him (now I know who they watch on tv and who they are fans of in the NFL and why their daughter doesnt want to finish college) TIP#4)Oh yeah and if you dont make ur reservation (must cancel by 3PM) and if u dont make it or dont cancel its $50 a person !!TIP#5)if you are not a member of the caesars palace points thing - you have to give ur credit card info to even make that reservation so they can charge accordingly.  So its just as pricy to go as it is not to go.
4	Went here after a two year absence and was very happy. I got the mesa burger again and it did not disappoint. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone around Caesars Palace. Not too expensive, not too extravagant. Just right.
5	Bobby Flay, you really THREW IT DOWN.Amazing-foodtastic-gasmic-succulent-filling-mouthwatering-dishes that lines your tummy with happiness to fill the void of all the money you've lost gambling and to satisfy those alcoholic taste buds. I'm a Vegas Veteran...or so I like to think so... and since I've turned 21 and experienced Vegas like never before (all 10ish times since then), I've made a vow to only club at the finest of clubs and eat at the finest of places the city has to offer. Honestly, PASS on the endless buffets and make a reservation for Mesa Grill. I don't know how everybody else does it with a full on 3-course meal--appetizers, side dishes, desserts and all--but the entree alone had me STUFFED and knocked me out cold once I got back to my hotel (it could have also been the Cactus Pear margarita I got...) PORK TENDERLOIN, that is all you need to know when ordering and don't even think about second guessing yourself. It may look like 3 itty pieces of meat, but trust me, those 3 bites go a loooong way. Every single bite of the perfectly marinated piece of pork topped with bourbon and ancho chile sauce was another step closer to heaven. And yes, I ultimately reached that heaven at the end of my meal because I haven't stopped thanking the Iron Chef gods for blessing Bobby Flay with an outstanding recipe. My boyfriend's chipotle glazed rib eye was also generously served fresh out the kitchen and had grill marks that left a beautiful shine to the meat and even a better taste in my mouth! Oh, and the side of mashed potatoes we got? Freakin' delicious. Literally reminded me of buttered popcorn that's been softened and beat to goodness! Thus, save that money you might lose gambling anyways and spend it towards dinner here. The odds are, you're gonna have a winning meal! Mesa Grill. Las Vegas. Place your bets. NOW.
3	This place was not as good as delmonico but it wasnot bad. The food was good but i feel like the service could have been way better. drink was mixed well and it looked nice but i dont feel the price matched the setting.
4	I was a little nervous about visiting this restaurant because I know that a lot of these celebrity chefs are sometimes disappointing. But we still thought we should give this place a try while we were here.We stopped in for an early lunch and were seated right away. (we had tried for dinner the previous night, but they were totally booked).  We started with a margarita, which was absolutely delicious (much more flavorful than anything you get sitting in a casino, of course).  For food, we got the cremini mushroom quesadilla (omg, amazing), the ancho chili salmon (yummy, great sear on the fish, but not spicy enough for us) and the shrimp tacos (tasty shrimp, but see below for my thoughts on the 'salsas')The things that stuck out were the following:The plating was beeeeaaaauuutiful. Everything looked a lot better than it tasted...The mango habanero 'salsa' that accompanied the tacos was awful. It looked and tasted like baby food. Not nearly enough habanero...or really anything other than mango. I really should have tasted it before putting it in my taco because it really ruined it. Ick. We asked our waiter for something spicy to eat with the fish and he brought us a delicious chipotle sauce. I wanted to take home a bottle of it.All in all, we had a pleasant meal here. I probably wouldn't return, only because there are a billion and a half other places to try here. But, I was not disappointed.
3	I tried really hard to like it, but given my expectations, I'd have to say I'm sorely disappointed.Not to say the stuff wasn't tasty, because it was. But that's all it really was. It was not a religious experience or anything that I haven't had before. It was decent, unadventurous food at prices that flabbergasted me. If I'm paying for a name, I expect a distinctive meal and unfortunately I didn't get it on my visit.I liked the ambiance of the restaurant, though of course since it's in Vegas you get the occasional rowdy cheer from the betting area. Servers were fine but didn't seem as professional as I would have liked for dinner service in that they did a poor job of blending into the surroundings and made some odd seating decisions (shoved me and my friend into the back of the restaurant when there weren't that many guests at the time). Speaking of that the lighting in the very back of the restaurant is a bit underwhelming, though for the rest of the restaurant I felt it was just fine. The seating in the back was a bit closer than I would like, as people that were seated next to us during the course of the meal were far too close (leaning over in any way and there would be contact) and I could easily listen in on other conversations which I don't think is appropriate for the type of restaurant it is.So onto the food:Bread basket consisted of muffins, a jalapeno bread, and a raisin bread. The raisin bread had a vaguely fermented scent and was slightly soggy, so I wasn't quite sure what was up with that. The muffin was quite crumbly and didn't have much distinct flavor, which would be a theme for the rest of the night, as the jalapeno bread also lacked any semblance of heat to perk up my tastebuds. The bread basket was really nothing to write home about.I started off with the Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ duck. Flavors were balanced well, if a bit reserved. The sauces were straightforward and somewhat banal. BBQ duck was sweet and the meat flaky, though I felt that the duck really lacked the sort of gameiness and distinctive flavor I associate with duck. If not for the texture and mouth feel someone could have told me it was some other mystery meat and I probably wouldn't have made much of a fuss. The blue corn tortilla was what you would expect, though a bit thicker than I would have liked. The microgreens that topped the appetizer were really unnecessary and contributed nothing to the dish and I wonder if maybe there was another decorative herb that would have had some impact on the flavors rather than just the appearance of the plate. All in all a fairly well-decorated plate but average tasting dish. Portion was extremely lacking.Since it was the holidays, my server informed me they were serving an exclusive dish consisting of pork chop with sweet potato and apple. I was intrigued and opted out of my original entree choice. The plate itself was decorated nicely and had a really homey, "straight from grandma's house" feel to it which I liked.  I wasn't sure if I made the right decision or not by choosing this, but the pork chop dish was tame at best. My server did inform me that there wouldn't be as much spice as the pork tenderloin dish they serve, but the double-cut pork chop itself didn't even have a strong porky flavor. The meat was drier than I would have liked. If they did any other sort of marinade or preparation for the meat, I couldn't taste it. The ancho-chile sauce it was paired with was a good, but again, very reserved match-- the dish had almost non-existent heat. I can't call anything on the dish bland and they were seasoned fairly well, it's just that nothing was particularly distinctive or elevated the ingredients. The sweet potatoes were sliced and served simply as is-- I'm guessing they were sauteed in a flavored butter of some sort, as it was still very firm and didn't taste exactly like you would expect sweet potato to taste like. I had been expecting a more thorough preparation or at least mashed sweet potato to fit a holiday theme, so I was a bit surprised to see how it was served-- but surprisingly the flavor was very unique, almost nutty. The roasted apple, stuffed with walnuts and cinnamon, was probably the star of the night and tasted great-- tart, fragrant, and not particularly sugary at all. A wonderful holiday treat. The portions on the dish were all well-sized, balanced, and appropriate.So while Mesa Grill is probably worth another visit on my part, from what I could tell the exorbitant prices didn't justify what was served. I don't doubt they could have had an off day, but I was hoping the dishes would really pack significant flavor and everything was just a small blip on my tastebuds. Given Flay's reputation for stronger, bolder flavors, I expected more. And even if it wasn't Flay's flagship restaurant, I would still give the same verdict of good, but not great, food.
4	Had been to NY location for dinner years ago- good, can't complaint. Here in Vegas, we dined for lunch: had Smoked shrimp taco and swordfish club sandwich for lunch. Shrimp was very succulent and loved the mango habanero sauce and tomatillo sauce. Swordfish was perfectly cooked. Oh, the bread basket was good. Food is consistent.One downside for the Vegas location is that it's located inside Caesars' palace casino. So, the restaurant had lingering cigarette smoking smell.
5	I love Mesa Grill, and it's really just as simple as that. Every time I go to Vegas I will end up here one way or another. My last visit to Vegas I ended up only at the bar as I forgot to make reservations so my boyfriend and I just came for mojitos. Yes, just mojitos. And you know what, they're worth the $14 a piece for them.So over the years this place has progressively increased their prices which sucks, but the quality of food has always been top-notch. Plus, it's rare that I have good Tex-Mex cuisine. What I get is always California washed out Mexican food. This is a fantastic change while keeping the integrity of so many familiar ingredients.My favorite appetizers are a tie between the goat cheese queso fondidu and the the blue corn pancake with BBQed duck. Now, many years ago the queso fondidu used to be melted goat cheese with a poblano salsa which I actually preferred over the rajas they serve with it now. That's just my personal preference though, but I still really like it a lot. With the blue corn pancake I've had inconsistencies with the amount of duck, and how they've plated it. Mixed in --- or sliced on top --- I'm assuming maybe it was just the quality of the duck, or from where they got the meat from. Breasts slice nicely, so that goes on top. Thigh not so much, so that get mixed in? Ok. Still good. I love duck in any way, so no complaints on my end taste-wise.From the most current menu, I'd have to say the pan roasted venison is my favorite and a close second would be the New Mexico spiced pork tenderloi. I've never ordered the 16 spice chicken however I've had it a couple of times over the years from picking off of other people's plates and the chicken has always been consistently good and never dry. There used to be a spiced steak on the menu a long time ago and I wish they'd bring that back. :( The last two times I haven't ordered a steak so I don't know if any of the new steaks even compare. The ribeye looked fantastic, maybe next time I will order that. I'm sure next time I'm in Vegas I'll be back again, like I always am, even if it's just for a mojito. I love Mesa Grill.
5	We've been to Mesa twice in the last year and were impressed both times.  The creativity of flavors, the excellent execution, and the service was great.  Mesa is located just off the casino floor of Caesar's and provides a good, but not great ambiance.The flip side however is the feel is business casual versus formal, which is great for a Vegas trip where you don't want something too high brow.  Expect a full house, with plenty of noise.The food is delicious.  We had the queso fundido, the chile relleno, a couple of sides, and a dessert I cannot recall the last time we went.  Everything was cleaned off the plate.We felt the price was also very reasonable, relative to Vegas pricing.  Overall - for a great Mexican restaurant that will impress - we highly recommend.PS - don't expect to see Bobby.  I hear he doesn't make it here too often.
4	Dined at Mesa Grill before Christmas.  The server was helpful and provided good suggestions on dishes.  We ordered the following items:1. Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale (4 Stars)Good flavor and nice texture.  Just simply delicious.  2. Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon (3 Stars)Nicely cooked medium rare.  Didn't quite get the coffee taste.  The rubbed crust didn't do much for the dish in my opinion3. Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin (4 Stars)The dish was nicely cooked with big flavors.  The spiciness wasn't overpowering, and you can taste the layering of flavors.  The sweet potato tamale was wonderful.  This is the signature dish that everyone should try at Mesa Grill.4. Churros (2 Stars)The chocolate dip provided good flavor, but the churros were fried for a little too long.  The center became too dry.  I still think Rick Bayless' XOCO in Chicago has the best churros.
4	My girlfriend and I enjoyed a great meal when we went here. I ordered the 22oz steak and my girlfriend had the lamp. The food was cooked perfectly but expect to dish out alot of cash for your meal.
5	This place is pretty much awesome. Its pricey though  we went for Christmas dinner, so it fit the occasion. Then again its also a bobby flay restaurant.We tried their house special prickly pear and white peach margaritas, uniquely delicious and strong. We were then sent a chipotle beef tar tar on a small corn tortillas courtesy of the chef. This was fresh and a sign of things to come.We skipped appetizers as well as most of the al la carte sides due to the large portions. I ordered the pork chop special that was easily 2.5" thick, moist and juicy. My family had the Ny strip, ribeye and filet, each was perfectly cooked with just enough seasoning to give it some flair while honoring its meaty goodness. We also had the tuna, which i didn't try, but heard was good and the cioppiono, which was a deceivingly huge portion of fish, scallop and shrimp.Add to this great service and you have a must try place.
1	Yuck! This place is all about presentation. The food taste horrible . And expensive. This is by far the worst Vegas eatery that i've ever experienced. The only thing I liked was the bread serve before the meal. Mesa you suck!
4	I love Mesa Grill!  How did I ever forget to write a review about this place?!?!Everytime my hubby and I go to Vegas, we have to make a stop for lunch or dinner here.  The food is delish, although the prices are a bit steep!  For starters, we've tried the bacon & hash brown enchilada and their tiger shrimp and roasted corn tamale.  I'm not a big fan of enchiladas, but this one is pretty good to eat...comes with an egg on top as well.  The tamales are bomb, but man, they need like 2-3 more shrimps on there!  I love their Pork Tenderloin sandwich.  The pork is served cold and comes on a ciabatta like bun with arugula and some ancho chile mayo sauce.  On the side, you have these great southwestern french fries that compliments the sandwich just perfect. As much as I love this place, sometimes when I get the sandwich, the fries are hit and miss.  The last time I was there, there were almost rock hard.  My hubby gets the Mesa Burger from time to time and says it's really good.  It's a big burger and be ready to get dirty cause it looks a lil messy to eat!  For dinner, we've also had the steak, chicken and duck plate, I believe it was.  Again, all that we've tried have been really good!  Oh, how I crave the pork tenderloin sandwich now! :)
4	I love watching Food Network and always enjoy Bobby Flay's shows.  But the food reviews here are so mixed, I was a bit hesitating to spend my money even for lunch at Mesa Grill in Vegas.  My sister and I were too tired to find a better place, we decided to try our first Bobby Flay food.We were there for Sunday Brunch around noon after Christmas and we're seated right away.  Our server was not bad but for some reason he had this weird energy and we didn't feel completely relaxed around him.  We wanted to have their fruit juice but we're told they were all out.  All three juices (orange, grapefruit and carrot/orange)!  That surprised me because as a restaurant by a very well known chef at this very popular hotel, I would expect them to have a decent inventory skill.  We're very disappointed and ordered cactus pear iced tea instead.  It wasn't bad but nothing special about it. The warm bread basket had three different baked goodies.  The first one on top was almost like a soft chewy cookie with raisins and nuts.  I don't think it goes with any of their main dishes but as itself, it was very yummy and I wished I had that one after my lunch as a dessert.  I can't describe the second mini soft pretzel-ish thingy but I can say they were good.  And the bottom in the basket was a cornbread which was made with half yellow and half blue corn and had some corn, bell peppers and some chili pepper slices in it.  It was delicious.  Our waiter just dropped the basket off on our table but at the end of our brunch, I saw a different waiter at other table was explaining what they were to his guests.  The ladies at our next table were chatting pretty loud so I couldn't hear a thing but wished our waiter did the same for us. I ordered their honey glazed salmon and my sister ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich.  My salmon was very thick but cooked perfectly and was very moist.  The honey glaze and the black bean sauce were delicious and my sister loved her sandwich too.  I had a bite and the pork was very tender and although we both agreed the fries which came with the sandwich were little salty side, but still tasty.  Was it cheap?  No, but whew, we didn't think we've wasted our money...I don't think we can afford their dinner anytime soon after spending too much money in Vegas this time but we were very pleased with their brunch.
4	the server knew it was my fiance and I's 3 year anniversary and boy did they make us feel special. Great seating near the top of the restaurant and awesome service! What i love about flay's restaurants are his bread baskets: never just ONE bread but many different ones to choose from (corn bread, rye, sourdough).  The appetizer that changed my life was the hummus and white truffle oil quesidilla.  To this day I think about how delicious that hint of truffle oil is.  We devoured it.  Unfortunatelly my fish dish wasn't that good...but of course...it was just..fish.
3	Reservation was easy, but they want your credit card in advance & they said there will be a charge of (I think) $60 per person for a no show. You can cancel any time, though.Food:Bread basket: I love their jalapeno bread. Love! Love! Love! And it's free!Appetizer: forgot the name, but it was chunks of tuna w/ jalapeno & cilantro bits w/ guacamole & mango sauce, came with a small bowl of blue corn & rice chips. Both the tuna & the chips were TASTY!Entrees:1. NY Steak - was EXCELLENT! Perfectly flavored, perfectly cooked.2. Pork Tenderloin - This is their specialty dish and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD! The meat was tender, juicy, very flavorful. The tamale that came with it was just OK, rather dry unfortunately. 3. Tuna Steak - MUST SKIP! First time it came it was overcooked (dry, and cooked all the way, although I asked for seared w/ rare middle). The waiter was very polite and apologetic. He brought it back to the kitchen (I didn't ask for it, but he insisted). The second time it came, it was perfectly cooked, but WAY TOO SALTY. Seriously, I love bold flavors, but this made me think I was being punished for sending the food back. Again, I didn't even ask the waiter to send it back, so why was I being punished?Service: Was excellent, almost flawless.Conclusion:The pork & steak dishes deserve 5 stars, but the severity of the flaw on the tuna steak, considering the price range is rather unforgivable.
4	we have always wanted to dine at a bobby flay restaurant. We are food network fans and have always admired bobby flay and his culinary style. We made a reservation on new years day and were seated promptly. The warm bread basket had a good variety of breads.For appetizer we had the tiger shrimp with corn tamale. Our first bite into it and it was an explosion of flavors in my mouth. We also ordered the special crab cakes which were so delectable.For entree we shared the sixteen spice chicken. This is easily one of the most flavor rich chicken dishes I've tasted in the states. The dessert we ordered DEEP DISH BANANA CREAM PIE was not that great .. avoid it if you can .. All in all, we experienced culinary satisfaction as we stepped out of a celebrity chef restaurant. Wish the dessert lived up to expectations but I wont blame bobby for it :)
4	We always make it a point to visit Mesa Grill when in Las Vegas. We have never been disappointed with our meal or service. On our last visit our server went out of her way to make our visit an excellent experience. Thank you Laura you rock!The food was as good as I remembered it to be. We started by splitting the Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale and the Sophie Chopped Salad. Both were incredibly delectable. We then moved on to the Green Chile Cioppino, Alaskan King Crab Cake, Smoked Chicken & Black Bean Quesadilla and Blue Corn Pancake. Now mind you all this food was for two. My husband couldn't decide what to eat so he ordered all of it. The only objection I had was that the Crab Cake was way too spicy. Very close to being inedible. But the rest of our meal was epic. Needless to say it was another memorable evening. Thank you Bobby Flay and Staff!!!
4	The customer service was really good and so was the food. We got the shrimp tamale appetizer and it was decent and the the salmon and pork tenderloin entree. Both of the entrees were amazing, but the appetizer and sides were just alright. The margaritas are definitely good as well. The atmosphere is nice, but you kind of sit very close to other parties eating.
2	Sorry Mr. Flay, we love how you keep it real with all those aspiring cooks out there and get them ready for a throw down, but when we threw our appetities at your restaurant, your food did not come out on top.I had the new york strip steak. A solid steak, but nothing fancy. You're Bobby Flay, you're supposed to bring some heat or something like that. The house sauce with the steak was a nice touch. Maybe you're just trying to keep it simple.The girlflriend had a Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno, with roasted eggplant, manchego cheese, sweet red pepper sauce and balsamic vinegar. It tasted like a "Hot Mess", which is not the "Heat" we were looking for.Sides:  Smoked Chile Collard Greens; mashed potatoes w/ green chile queso sauce. Two thumbs up for the Mashed potatoes. But the collard greens weren't very smoky, weren't very spicy, and were just kind of mushy. Really underwhelming.So all you aspiring Mesa Grill patrons, ask yourself this: are you ready for a Let Down?
5	Love this place!  Been here three times and each time was awesome.
5	I went here not getting my hopes up too much.  You know, with all the Bobby Flay hype out there.  I went away truly happy.  Not only were the steaks crazy good, but each and every appetizer was perfect (yeah, we had a bunch of them).  The best part, we went with a Chef-friend who did all the ordering (except for the entrees), and I got to try a little bit of everything.  YUM!!  Great, now I'm hungry again.
1	it's Monday night and I'm on hold trying to make a group reservation (they consider 8 people a LARGE group)I speak direclty to someone at the restaurant and they decide they don't want to deal with me, so they tell me they're going to transfer me to group reservations. LIAR! she transfered me to Caesar's restaurant line (which I already know is unable to reserve LARGE parties.  So i'm a ping pong between the lines for about 15 minutes...ya, I even wrote this review while I waited!!! HA! A guy by the name of Brandon tells me they'll have to take my number and call me back...let's see when and IF they call me back!!!
5	I had the Spicy Chicken and Sweet potato hash and it was OUTSTANDING. The side of hominy grits were delicious. we got a wonderful treat of a basket of assorted breads/cakes/muffins as well. Very decent prices and I forced myself to finish every morsel and was stuffed! Very nice waiter, very polite and knowledgeable about the menu. Gave terrific recommendations. Yay Bobby Flay!
5	The margaritas are very good although presentation could be better.  We shared the tuna nachos as an appetizer and it was very good.  I had the new mexican spiced rubbed pork tenderloin and highly recommend it, extremely rich and flavorful!  My girlfriend had the roasted "hacked" chicken and it was also excellent.  As a side we both recommend the roasted corn with grilled cactus, lime and cotija, it stole the show!  In my opinion the greatest side dishes ever!!  Phenomenal food Bobby!  I will be eating here again!
4	I love watching Bobby Flay on Food Network, so my friends and I had to try Mesa Grill when I went to Vegas. Customer service was awesome, and we were seated in a corner booth. Appetizer:We were first served with a basket of warm baked goods - savory muffins, sweet biscuits, etc., which was a very nice touch. We shared the rough cut tuna nachos ($16), and it was very light and refreshing. The portion was small though, so not really good for sharing among a group of 3+. Main entree:Ordered the Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with Southwestern Fries ($16; grilled red onion, Argula ancho chile mayonnaise) - DELICIOUS! The pork was thick, juicy, flavorful and tender. The mayonnaise really brought together the entire sandwich, and the fries were so good that my friends ordered another side dish of it. Definitely recommend this sandwich. One of us also ordered the Spicy Chicken + Sweet Potato Hash ($18), which he liked very very much.
5	My very first Bobby Flay experience!  And I was impressed.  Started out with the chicken quesadilla which was NOT your ordinary chicken quesadilla.  It was topped with a some sort of crumbled cheese I didn't know and drizzled with a spicy sauce that gave it a nice kick.  I got the pork tenderloins which was the best pork dish I've ever had (see photos posted by others).  I didn't even know pork could be that tender.  My husband had the salmon dish which was pretty good but I've had better salmon dishes before.  Not a cheap place but definitely worth your money and actually not that expensive considering it's located in the Caesar's Palace on the Las Vegas strip.  Definitely worth a try!!!
5	2nd time dining here. This place kicks a$$. The chicken tacos with peanut sauce and the duck pancake are amazing. Just a really great meal at a very reasonable price. Great margaritas too :)
4	I must confess that the main reason I came to Mesa Grill (out of all the restaurants in Las Vegas) is because I have a cowboy brush on Bobby Flay. Despite most negative opinions of celebrity chefs, I think many of them can cook well. Personally, I enjoyed dining at Mesa Grill. My friend and I came on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. We were both impressed by their staff's cordial and professional service. There was a complimentary bread basket which I was very impressed with and a wide selection of water, YES WATER, to chose from. So service receives 5 stars. Based on the number of parties I saw in the restaurant, reservations are probably not necessary for lunch or brunch. But it might be otherwise for dinner.We started off with Chef Flay's famous Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale. I think this appetizer was definitely true to Flay's southwestern stile and is a must try. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, tender and sweet; corn tamale was fresh and fluffy and the his signature sauces were extremely flavorful. Each bite has a familiar spice kick.Then, we ordered the BBQ Lamb Cobb Salad and the Eggs + Aged Strip Loin Tortilla. The cobb salad and lamb were divine! I loved the buttermilk dressing, so good!  The tortilla dish was on the mediocre side and made me wish I ordered the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash (which has been on the menu for the last 8? years) However, I was mainly looking for a steak for lunch so it satisfied for cravings. Honestly, I could have gone without the egg and myriad of relishes (very beautifully plated) because the strip loin was cooked really well (medium rare, which I think is how all good meat should be cooked). It was incredibly tender and melts in your mouth. I will definitely have to come back for dinner to try his Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin.ALSO, I LOVED the complimentary bread basket. The waiter describes what each bread piece is and each was delicious on its own. :)
3	I REALLY wanted to like this place, but I was a little disappointed. It's a casual setting and in the middle of the casino.The food was tasty, but it lacked the bold flavors that I felt Chef Flay seems to create with his Iron Chef, Boy Meets Grill, and Throwdown creations. There was nothing wrong with the food or service, maybe my definition of BOLD is different.In addition, it was a bit pricey for the amount of food you got.
3	MESA Grill gets 3.5 stars in my book.3 of us came here for brunch on a Saturday around 12pm and was told that there'd be a 10 minute wait.  I said to my friend -- there's a table right there, why do we have to wait? 10 minutes later, lo and behold -- which table do they give us? the one that has been empty this whole time.  Maybe they just wanted to make it seem crowded with their lounge full of people waiting for a table.Service:Service was slow but decent.  It took a long time to get water refills but we did get everything that we asked for.  The 3 of us drank a ton of mimosas and quickly got really rowdy.  The server didn't seem to mind.Food:TIGER SHRIMP ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE:we shared the tiger shrimp tamales and it was the best thing that I ate at MESA Grill.  The sauce was spot on, spicy and tangy and the prawns were cooked to perfection.  I believe the dish came with 4 prawns.CRISPY BACON + HASH BROWN QUESADILLAI wish I would have enjoyed this dish as it sounded super appetizing on the menu.  However, it was just OK in my opinion.  The bacon really wasn't crispy and the quesadilla was on the dry side.SPICY SCRAMBLED EGGSThe eggs in this dish were prepared well.  It was decent, but nothing to write home about.GRITSsurprisingly, the grits was one of the most flavorful items that came to the table.  We joked that we don't even know why we ordered grits but in the end we enjoyed it.I probably won't be returning to MESA grill since there are plenty of restaurants in Vegas.  However, I would recommend it to someone who was looking for tex-mex with signature flavors that tends to be on the spicy-tangy side.  Lunch was expensive but I think the prices are fair when compared to hotel cafes.P.S. they have a delicious chocolate tequila on their dessert menu!
3	I've read a few reviews calling Mesa Grill pricey but in the grander picture I feel prices are fair in Vegas Strip standard. Food is also solid (but nothing exceptional) from the assorted bread basket to the flavorful side dishes. I would come here again. However, I do wish the tables weren't crammed so close together like sardines.
4	I have heard many good reviews about Mesa Grill. I made a reservation a month ahead. The interesting part is that Mesa Grill required the customers to provide their credit card numbers. If the customers didn't show up on their reservations, they would charge the credit cards $50. That is interesting, but I don't mind it. I think if people really want to go, they would be willing to go through the trouble.I love the ceiling with the flaming painting. Nothing would match better with Bobby Flay's cooking style, chili peppers and spices. Before going to Mesa Grill, I was very worried that I couldn't get anything to eat, because I don't eat spicy food at all. When we got there, I talked to the server. He said that most of Bobby's food is not that spicy, and the chili add flavors. He gave a couple of suggestions, and I went with the WILD STRIPED BASS. My husband got the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. And, we shared BLUE CORN PANCAKE for appetizer.The BLUE CORN PANCAKE is served with shredded pieces of duck. The first bite definitely reminded me of the Chinese Peking duck. The duck was good and juicy. Even though there was Habanero (one of the most intense chili pepper in the world), it wasn't spicy at all. It was very flavorful. My husband loved it! His pork tenderloin was placed nicely on the plate. The rubbed was definitely spicy. Bryan said it was a bit spicy for him, but it was edible. The side SWEET POTATO TAMALE was sweet and delicious. It was a perfect balance with the spicy pork. My WILD STRIPED BASS was crispy on the outside, and cooked perfect on the inside. My favorite was the Piquillo Pepper Clam Chowder under the bass. It was packed with different layers of flavors, and it was not spicy! Fantastic!The meal was great. For the two of us, our check was about $120. The food was very good. Bobby has lived up to his reputation. I definitely respect him more. I would love to go back again. This time, I will save some rooms for dessert!
5	You know you've had a great meal when, two nights later, you're raiding the hotel mini bar for the rest of your steak, eating it in the dark, with your bare hands, trying not to wake up your partner because, well, (1) it's 3:00 a.m., and (2) if he knows what you're up to, he may want to share, and sharing is definitely not on the menu.  Is that blood dripping down my chin?I love Bobby Flay.  I have naughty, naughty dreams about the man that simply are not discussed in any detail outside my therapist's office.  Though my suggestion to The Bud that we consider making reservations there came off as totally casual, devil-may-care, my insides were screaming, "Please, if you love me, you will take me here!"We only visited once this trip, but it was our third visit to the restaurant, and it was completely perfect in every way.  Atmosphere is fiery, service attentive, food is creative, and unique.  The white peach margarita was delicious and boozy.  The sweet potato soup was beautifully spiced.  The NY strip steak was perfectly medium rare.  And huge.  And served with a house made steak sauce that made me whimper a little.  As mentioned above, I had to take half of it with me to be, um, devoured later, in the dark.  What?  Shut up.  Just go here already.  And if you see Bobby Flay, do me a favor and don't tell me.  I couldn't handle it.
4	Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill (which had a Michelin Star in 2008) sits in Caesars Palace along a stretch of restaurants just away from the Casino.  The decor is contemporary but not minimalist; it is upscale but approachable and warm (warm browns and reds throughout the dining area that give it an upscale Southwestern feel).  The high ceilings really open up the room; the seating is comfortable and nice.  Good design throughout the restaurant with an open kitchen and contemporary decoration that is subtle.The assortment of complimentary bread was just okay though the most interesting look piece (a corn bread muffin with blue corn and jalapenos) was probably my least favorite of the batch.I started with the crispy quail, which came with a sauce of hot mustard, Ancho chile and Seitz Family Farm Honey.  The quail was breaded and fried, which was a risk because of the little bit of meat that comes with quail.  This one was good though.  The meat was moist and flavorful while the breading was crisp and not greasy (like good fried chicken).The sauce was good and was bold in flavor--kind of a mix of a spicy southwestern sauce and a sweet BBQ sauce.  The sauce was not too overpowering and was a good compliment for the fried quail.  I wish they would have added some sides or garnishes to lighten the dish up though.I went with the veal chop and it was a generous portion.  The veal itself was great.  The outside sear was very good and the meat was juicy and moist, which can be hard to do because veal is so lean.  They used a good piece of meat here as well.The sauce was a mix of horseradish and maple glaze.  Like the quail sauce, there was a bold mix of both spicy and sweet flavors here.  The sauce had a little too much heat though because it kind of overwhelmed my palate.  It was one of those spicy dishes where after several bites, you kind of just taste the burn and have a hard time getting the most out of the other flavors.The veal chop came with a wild rice tamale.  I am not that familiar with tamales so I cannot speak to how well this one would stack up with others.  The wild rice flavor and texture really came across here (pretty good portion of wild rice).  The tamale itself had a strong corn flavor and was sweet and moist enough (not dry).The waiter was very professional and knowledgeable about the menu.  Service was good--food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive.Pricing was high, but pricing is high at most Las Vegas restaurants.  The food at Mesa Grill was in a similar price range as Eiffel Tower Restaurant (Paris) and the food here was significantly better.  My veal chop here was actually less than what I paid at Spago in Beverly Hills--I thought Mesa Grill did a much better job cooking the meat to the appropriate temperature though I liked the accompanying sauce and sides more at Spago.I liked Mesa Grill and would return.  My friend (who is a Bobby Flay fan) was a little disappointed with this one so some dishes may stand out more than others.  The flavors here were quite bold (with strong mixes of sweet, savory and spicy on several dishes) so if you find a lot of fine dining places to be bland or too mild, this might be the one for you.  I do not have that much experience with Las Vegas restaurants, but I would say Mesa Grill would be one of the better ones I've tried.Valet parking is complimentary.  I have not seen or used a self-parking structure here, but I would imagine they have that as well.
4	Classmates of mine worked at Mesa Grill when I went there for a private dinner banquet on May 13, 2009.  So with the help of one of them, we were able to get a very good package at a reasonable price, especially compared to the quote we received from the banquet's department at Caesar's Palace.The waitstaff were great at taking our orders and during the meal service.  The back private banquet room was fairly large and accommodated our large party (can't recall the exact number, but we had well north of 60 people, all seated in 3 long rows of tables).The Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale with Corn-Cilantro Sauce was simply delicious.  The tamale was top notch, and the Flay-concocted Corn-Cilantro Sauce will pair up nicely with other seafood and poultry dishes.  For my entree, I selected Bobby Flay's signature dish "New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce + Sweet Potato Tamale with Crushed Pecan Butter".  It was cooked perfectly and the flavors was very unique and complimented each other.  The sweet potato tamale was the best I have ever had.I tried a sample of my friend's "Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon, Mushroom-Ancho Chile Sauce".  Filet Mignon was good, but aside from being tender (which is why most people order it) it lacked the flavor I crave from beef, but the accompaning Mushroom-Ancho Chile Sauce was super!The Blue Corn Crusted Alaskan Halibut + Salsa Cruda, Sweet 100 Tomatoes, Capers, Nicoise Olives, Fresh Basil + Oregano was also a nice fish entree.  And highly recommended.I know this review is based on a banquet experience instead of the more typical restaurant dining experience, but the food overall was good to great.  Service was superb, and the price we were able to negotiate for the event was unbeatable (big thanks to Mitch and the restaurant GM!!!)Decor: 4/5Service: 4.5/5Food: 4/5Looking forward to going back for more.
2	REALITY: Menu reads wonderfully, but food flavor doesnt live up to expectations. at all. im my 3 visits here.Service is spotty.  Once horrible. once solid. Once so soGreat setting. Great mojito.  $13........For the money, the truth is there are a minimum of 50 other restaurants that would do your hard earned money a lot more justice.
4	Best tamale ever! We went here for brunch expecting the food to be amazing and it was (with the exception of the salmon dish). The variety of breads were nice. The Burger was juicy and the buns were made of sweet Hawaiian bread!! Its a long way from LA but we plan on coming back.
3	Like others, I had really looked forward to eating here.  I was not thrilled I had to leave a credit card with my reservation, but got over it.  Lovely decor, but nothing spectacular.Having been in Vegas and eaten here at some other celebrity chef restaurants, I was expecting the high prices.  The food did live up to my expectations here.  Big, bold flavors (I had the pork, others at my table had the veal chop and the venison, and the same for those), perfectly cooked pork, delicious tamales, although a little sweet, went well with the very spicy pork and delicious sauce.  Portions were great here, almost too much.  Unlike the apps - small portions big prices.  Duck "taco" - 1 small blue corn soft tortilla with about 3 tablespoons of duck -$16.00.  Hard to share with 3 other people - about a tiny bite each! Hard for me to understand the price,although it was tasty.  The corn tamale with shrimp was delicious, a little better portion, but was described as having 4 jumbo shrimp - they were hardly jumbo, although we each did get one, and the flavors were good. Again, overpriced at $14 or $16 I can't remember.Biggest disappointment was service.  Friendly and knowledgeable, yes.We ordered a pretty pricey bottle of wine, and when we ordered apps and told the waiter we would like to hold off on entrees for a few minutes, he basically informed us that we had to order everything at once, they were busy, yada yada yada.  There are few things that aggravate me more at a high end restaurant than when they dictate when I have to order what.  What is this, Dennys?  They can't manage a simple delay of ordering entrees?  Mostly, i just felt they were rushing us so they could fill up our table again.  Big no,no for me.  If you are a Bobby Flay fan, and want ot see how close you come to making his food at home, eating here is a must. (It's not that hard to duplicate his recipes, they are fairly easy, and from this experience I see I can do it spot on).  The real true test for me of any restaurant is would I go back?Nope!  There is a lot of great places in Vegas I would go back to, and have, BUT this is not one of them.  Easily duplicated, and very pricey, combined with Dennys mentality on the service make it a ONE TIME ONLY EXPERIENCE.
4	You definitely need a reservation to get in.  I came with a group of 3 people and could not get in so I came by myself the next night and sat at the bar.  Service was fantastic and their signature pork loin is by for the best I have EVER had!  Everything about it was fantastic.  Cooked to perfection..melted in your mouth...unlike any other pork I have EVER had.  Side dishes were phenomenal...It was kind of expensive but very excellent quality.The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that it is semi-small and difficult to get in to eat.
4	I'll keep this review simple and short. The food was amazing, AMAZING, I can't wait to go back and try out other things on the menu! The atmosphere is nice, we went for lunch and it had a somewhat upscale feel to the place- very southwestern. I liked the comfortable dining chairs as well. The service is where they lose a star! My husband waited far too long for a refill on his soda, I would have loved to order one of their famous margaritas midway through our meal, and would have also liked to have another piece of their delicious asiago bread. I love bread and I can now consider myself a connoisseur after trying so many different types and this asiago bread at Mesa Grill is amazing! We waited a super long time for our entrees, but after our meal he was quick to pick up the payment. Hmph! I tipped generously regardless. It was pretty busy in the restaurant and I think they could have been understaffed, there is a possibility that our poor service wasn't entirely the waiter's fault. The bottom line is that we'll be back on a night when we are feeling patient. We'll be sure to order everything we want straight away in case they get too swamped and are unable to check on us.
2	A busy restaurant that makes itself seem so exclusive by crazy wait times.  And when you can get a reservation, don't try and check in a minute before your res. time, they won't accommodate you.Once you get over that, it's a great restaurant, however overpriced, tried their jumbo shrimp appetizer, blue corn cakes with duck, and coffee rubbed steak.  The steak, at $44 was a bit much for what it was (considering it doesn't come with sides).  If you want a side that's another $8.  For $50+ for the main meal, it wasn't outstanding.  But the appetizers, at $15 a piece, were much better prepared and more bang for the buck.
5	5 stars goes to Mesa for the service and the chipotle glazed rib eyew/red & green chile sauce. I went to Vegas with a large group (25). For a bachelor party. One of my friends was ranting and raving about the rib eye he had at Mesa the night before. He told me I had to try it before I left Vegas. That he would go back two days in a row to order it again. So we went that day for lunch. But to our disappointment the rib eye was not on the lunch menu.  He talked to the manager and was able to convince her to get the chef to make the rib eye. This is one of the best steaks I have had. It is in my top three. What really sets it apart from the rest is the sauce.  The red & green chile sauce is the perfect complement to the rib eye.
4	We showed up an hour before our dinner reservation because we were huuungrrry, and they accommodated us. The interior of the restaurant is quite nice, but the atmosphere is a bit too casual for the prices it carries.We ordered the Tiger Shrimp with garlic corn tamale and Pan Seared Squid for appetizers. Small portions but just enough and delicious to pique our appetite. The sauces are a tad too sweet. The tamale was very good, with fluffy texture and not seasoned to overwhelm the maiz. The squid was cooked perfectly, not too soft and not too chewy.I had the veal chop which was recommended medium. I usually take my steak medium rare, but it was cooked perfectly at medium. It was juicy, and I loved the sauce - a little sweet like the other dishes, but the subtle horseradish really gave it a kick. The wild rice tamale was tasty, too, not too sweet.Others in my party had the rib eye and the filet, both of which I sampled and found the sauce too sweet that it was hard to taste the meat. But my friends loved their dishes.Double baked potatoes - delicious! Again with a hint of horseradish, it was a great combination of flavors. Brussel sprouts - way too sweet like candy and I didn't care for them. But that's my palate, and I'm sure some people like the sweet taste more than spicy.Our waiter was attentive, and our water glasses were never empty.Between the 4 of us, the bill was $300 including tax & tip, with no drinks or dessert. It was a tasty meal and we enjoyed the restaurant. But some of us were still hungry after the meal -- we could do with more filler food.
5	We showed up here for a late brunch around 2pm on Sunday.  After a long, hard night of drinking the night before, we had some hair of the dog in the form of a spicy Bloody Mary & a cucumber-strawberry cocktail.  Both drinks were well-loved and lightened the mood.The service was very friendly & the food was excellent.  You must try the Tiger Shrimp (the tamale it comes with is divine).  The grits are possibly the best thing on the menu.  Despite how pedestrian grits may sound, their texture is perfect and they are mixed with some delicious cheese.  UMAMI!  Order them.One bone to pick with the place:  they don't like to make substitutions because of the way they run their kitchen.  I was able to get the poached eggs w/ green chile hollandaise a la carte, but the waiter told us that it's a rarity for them to do so.I would absolutely come back, but it might be for brunch again since it's so much cheaper than the dinner menu.
5	WOW! What amazing food. The service was great and I was overfed with appetizers and brunch. The design is interesting and I discovered I only took photos of the bathroom, so think about that. lol. The complimentary breads were a nice touch and didn't taste like anything I had had before. I could care less about it being a Bobby Flay restaurant though, because that just jerks up the price to an unreasonable amount just for him being a celebrity... I mean, when your server first walks up to you and asks "You know who Bobby Flay is, right?" without saying hello, you need to sort your priorities...
5	I think this is more a place serving southwestern food rather than Tex-Mex!Atmosphere is casual but very nice, food is great.  Service is good as the wait staff checked on us quite often.The prix fixe menu offers great value: huge serving size, great appetizer and sandwich!Don't forget the dessert!
3	*3.5*(this review is for lunch only)so, my fiancee and i had just dined at Bradley Ogden the evening before; act two, enter Bobby Flay...no wait, we were seated right away.  nice.  our server was a chippery asian fella.  he was very informative and full of energy.  he also almost put his hand on my fiancee's shoulder when he first walked up to our table but quickly diverted said stranger hand just in the nick of time.  smart move buddy!they brought out a little bread basket w/ some goodies.  YUM.  probably the best part of the meal.  jalapeno biscuits, crumb cake, and some other pastries that got me excited about the entree's to come.first we had our "grapefruit mimosas" we ordered off the menu.  they were quite tasty but at $12.50 a pop, i should have gotten a bloody mary or something.i had the burger.  i got it medium well bc our server said their "medium" was more on the medium rare side.  well, as i bit into the burger, parts of the patty were well done while some parts were sorta pink, i guess.  eh, it was still pretty tasty.  the pickled vidalia onion was a nice touch.  i'm a huge fan of mustard but i think i would have liked a more sweeter, tangy-er sauce to balance out the pungent, sharp cheddar on top.the fries were OK, a little too cooked for my taste.  they had a nice cajun spice sprinkled over them that wasn't overpowering.my fiancee had the salmon.  the description sounded better than it tasted.  i was expecting an explosion of sweet, spice, savory, etc., etc., especially from Mr. Flay.  but the fish, albeit fresh and cooked properly, wasn't very flavorful.  oh well.w/ tax and tip the lunch came out to a little over $80.  not sure if we'll be back.
5	After thinking about the good food from Mesa Grill for a month, I finally had a chance to go back to Las Vegas.  Needless to say, I opted for Mesa Grill again.  Again, we were there for lunch so we can avoid the crowd and the wait.  We were promptly seated and our waiter, John, even offered to snap a few pictures inside the kitchen for us.  That was really nice of him since we were very interested in what is like behind the scenes.My wife ordered the Honey Glazed Salmon again and it was even better than the first time.  I went for the prix fixe menu items and ordered the corn tamale and the pork tenderloin sandwich.   The corn tamale is still my favor and the pork tenderloin sandwich is very unique. Tips:- For lunch, there's always the prix fixe menu.  You'll get to choose one of five appetizers and one of three entrees, plus dessert!  This will save you a bit of money.- The pork tenderloin sandwich is meant to be a room temperature sandwich, so if you like hot sandwiches, this is NOT what you want to order.
4	I have dined at MESA in Caesar's Palace three times and always try to make it there every time I'm in Vegas. Reservations:You definitely should try to call ahead for dinner reservations, as we are all aware that Flay's a genious and thus walking in to his restaurant is virtually impossible during the dinner hour, especially on a weekend. Note: a credit card is required to hold a reservation, and if you miss your time slot, they *will* charge it. Appetizers I've had:GOAT CHEESE "QUESO FUNDIDO" - sinful and delicious. Warm goat cheese dip accompanied by a carb of sorts.SMOKED CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN QUESADILLA - like Taco Bell on steroids. Bursting with flavor, sets the tone for what is bound to be an incredible dining experience.TIGER SHRIMP+ ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE - delicious, but some entrees are served with a tamale, so make sure you don't overload yourself on this app/side.Entrees I've had:NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN - served with a sweet potatoe tamale. It was great, but with each bite of pork, I wished I was eating a steak. BLACK ANGUS NEW YORK STRIP STEAK - that's the goodness right there. It's nothing like a steakhouse flavor-wise; quality-wise, sure. But this is a steak prepared in a way you've never experienced, totally mindblowing flavor palette. Order medium rare for the optimal texture.Sides I've had:MASHED POTATOES: a must with steak/meat dishesCREAMED CORN: amazing flavor, but not seeing it on their menu online. Hope they didn't get rid of it.Desserts I've had:CHURROS - traditional cinnamon, warm churro served with hot chocolate dipping sauce. So authentic and fun to eat. It's nice to know they don't just slap "Chocolate Lava Cake" on the dessert list like everyone else and call it a day.Service:It's what you'd expect from a restaurant of its calibur, but it's nothing super noteworthy, unfortunately - but what is in Vegas? The hostesses are Vegas snobs for the most part, sorry to say. And even if you have a reservation, you will likely find your party waiting at least 10 minutes to be sat. Enjoy!!
4	My girlfriend and I sat down here for an early lunch without knowing what to expect considering this was a Bobby Flay joint. Even though the guy is a manchild, he makes some tasty looking food on that one network channel. I got the Bobby Flay flavored burger (you read correctly) which was excellent but not in my personal top 5 burgers of all time list. Possibly it could be somewhere on the end of my top 13 burgers of all time list. My girlfriend's tuna/avocado/whatever sandwich was definitely on my top 1 tuna/avocado/whatevers of all time list, possibly because its the only one I've had. We also had mimosas made with freshly squeezed OJ that made the meal.
3	The margaritas were just okay. I was expecting better. The shrimp tamale was delicious as were the tacos. The dinner menu was limited so we chose to order a few appetizers instead. Ambience was good.
4	Really tasty stuff. The best part of the meal was the sweet potato soup, great flavors with an extra kick from drizzled chili oil. We got so much food I can't describe it all. The lamb on the lamb salad was perfectly cooked and tender, although the salad could have used a little more. Burgers are good. I enjoyed my sword fish club but the bread choice was not my favorite. I'll go back to try more of the flavorful menu. Southwestern fries disappointed a little, I was expecting more flavor from them. MEN: you can't wear hats in the dining room FYI
4	We all went for Sunday dinner. Kids were excited about going to a Bobby Flay restaurant.  They wanted the squid appetizer, but thought it was too fishy. Then apple blue cheese salad appetizer was good, but small.  The mains were fabulous. Venison, tender with a rich sauce. Pork tenderloin with a spicy rub.  Seafood ciappino with tipper prawns, scallops, grouper and mussels.  And a garlic and a sweet potato tamale, both very good.  Sides were baby carrots and mashed potatoes, both very good, especially the carrots. Only reason not 5stars is that the appetizers were not as good as the rest or very good value.
5	My fiance and I went for Sunday brunch and had a fabulous meal. We both loved our salmon quesadilla appetizer. My fiance had the chilequiles while I had the chicken & sweet potato hash (think southwestern eggs Benedict). They were ab-fab, as were the glazed bacon and chorizo we ordered as sides; the bacon, in particular is insanely delicious. The restaurant was smaller than expected, but the decor is lovely. Our seats afforded us a view of the open kitchen as well as the casino floor, so we could people watch as well as watch food being prepared. Please note, if you are looking for Taco Bell, On the Border, etc. look elsewhere, that isn't the kind of food served here.
5	OMFG bobby flay i love you!!! came here on the recommendations from stella c. and my friend. why haven't i ever explored you until now?!!the best thing on the menu is the blue tiger shrimp corn tamale. so juicy, flavorful, creamy, savory, and fabulous. like i seriously dream about this and i crave it at least once a week. i need to learn how to make this! the bread basket is BOMB.COM! damn it i wish i bought his mesa grill cook book...i think i will order soon.skip the fries and smoked shrimp tacos. get the salmon! omg the jalapeno cream sauce is to die for.my bf spent $100 for the both of us for lunch including tip no dessert. trust me worth every penny.out of the 10+ times ive been to vegas, this has been my best meal. this will be a must stop place for me from now on.
1	We ate dinner at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. What a disappointment! To begin with, the walls are not complete (I don't mean "finished") and there are purposeful gaps which let a lot of the Casino smoke smell into the dining area. I was seated with my back against a wall and it really put a damper on my food to have the smell of smoke accompany it. The food? Plain bad. Every dish that we ordered was saturated in a strong sauce, rendering the actual "food" (duck, calamari, chicken) tasteless. The diners to the right of us were overheard voicing the same complaint. My husband Jon's Venison was overcooked and dry. He complained and we received a coconut layer cake free of charge for dessert. Ironically, this cake was the reason that I had booked a dinner at this restaurant in the first place, and it too was dry and disappointing. I much prefer the European way - where a restaurant IS the chef, and the chef is actually in the kitchen overseeing/cooking and being an active part. Bobby Flay owns and operates this restaurant. Sure, he probably cooks there also, from time to time. But given all that we know he does (Food Network, Cookbooks, other restaurants...) he's a business man, not a chef. And the food reflected that.
4	I am struggling between 3 and 4 stars.I got here at 4:58pm and they technically open at 5pm.  They are letting people give a reservation for a table and then have a seat at the bar.So I walk up and they tell me just a minute.  It is like panic-mode or something because one person is like "seat everyone" and then another person comes and is like "don't seat anyone until 5pm!" and there is just madness going on behind the counter where you place your reservations.Finally, someone looked up at me and asked if they could help me.  I asked for a table of one.  They said they could seat me at 5:15pm.  WHAT?!  It's 5pm and there are PLENTY of tables that no one is at.  I am ONE PERSON!  I was a little confused.  So I just stood & waited.  Truthfully, I was a little pissed.  But, within 5 minutes I was sat at a table.I sat for about 5 minutes when finally a waitress, that had been just standing over to the side, talking to another waiter, decided to come over and ask what I wanted to drink.  I only wanted water.  So a couple minutes later, water comes to the table.  I asked her a couple of questions and ordered the Sophie Chopped Salad.  The Sophie Chopped Salad- kidney beans, garbanzo peas, lettuce, olives, chunks of cheese, little blue & white tortilla pieces and a yummy dressing.  I would totally order this again!!After I placed the order, about 3 minutes later some bread was brought to the table.  There were 3 pieces of bread- a blue corn muffin, a habanero bread and a cranberry (tasted a little sweeter) bread. Then immediately, my salad came to the table.  The salad was DELICIOUS!  OMG!  I really want to go back and get it again!  I loved every inch of it!  The bread was divine too!  My bill came to just under $13.  Awesome!It was just a little strange how almost all of the servers were standing around talking, a few of them bitching to each other and the madness that was behind the reservation stand.  Totally turned me off.I would go back to get that salad for sure!  But maybe not at that time again!
2	I wish I could give this restaurant a higher rating - as many have already said, a very mixed experience. The overall experience is best described as "Southwestern Light" several of us kept yearning for more spice and most of the food frankly was fairly bland. We came as a party of 5 - the waiter was very attentive however our entrees took forever and just as another reviewer has mentioned the table next to us sat down and seemed to have theirs immediately. My margarita was alright, nothing special and a bit on the weak side for a "high end" restaurant I could have probably gotten the same right outside in the casino. We chose appetizers based on previous reviews and these were delicious as were most of our desserts. Our entrees however when finally delivered were a huge disappointment - my chili relleno was awful - it practically oozed with so much cheese I couldn't find the chili in there and the chicken was basically no better than business class airplane food. Entrees were so terrible I don't think any of us will be back. If you are just going for the name then you probably won't care otherwise I would save your money and go a few doors down to the cafe at Spago.
3	I was VERY excited to try Mesa Grill because it's a Bobby Flay restaurant. He may be cocky, but he's a versatile chef and his food always seem very flavorful. I'm also a huge fan of celebrity chefs and Michelin star restaurants. First of all, service wise, I didn't feel that it was anything special. The waiter came by, took our orders, and stopped by to ask how everything was while dropping the check off. It wasn't horrible service, but I felt that it could have been better.We ordered:Smoked Chicken and Black Bean QuesadillaGoat Cheese "Queso Fundido" New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork TenderloinPan Seared Chilean Sea Bass with Poblano Chile and Sweet Onion RelishRoasted "Hacked" ChickenSalmon (Not sure how it was seasoned, etc.) It also came with 3 selection of bread -- Blue Corn Muffin, Asiago Bread, and Walnut Raisin Bread. I enjoyed the Blue Corn Muffin. That had to be one of the better breads in the basket. It had a nice flavor and there were actual bits of corn in there which was nice. I also enjoyed the Asiago Bread, but would have liked a stronger cheese flavor to it.Food wise, I very much enjoyed the Smoked Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla. It was crispy and flavor wise, everything worked very well. I'm not too crazy about beans, but I ate this dish happily. For the main dish, the best dish was my friend's chicken. I rarely order chicken dishes when I dine out because it's easy to cook at home and I'd rather try something more adventurous. However, after trying our dishes (the fiance and I ordered the pork and sea bass), we regretted not ordering the chicken.I was very disappointed with the Pork Tenderloin and Chilean Sea Bass. Mesa Grill is known for its pork dish, and even though the texture was soft, the flavors just didn't seem right. It also had a very odd after taste, which was disappointing. The Sea Bass was also nothing special. It was cooked very well, but I wasn't crazy about the flavors and it had a very fishy after taste. My fiance and I both agreed that we probably wouldn't come back here. It wasn't to our liking and there are several other restaurants we'd rather dine at.
5	When I see a place that signed onto the whole celebrity chef thing, my "overrated!" alarm goes off -- especially when said celebrity chef is that arrogant Bobby Flay.When a restaurant wants a credit card number to hold a reservation, I'm thinking arrogance again.  (Or that a hostess wants to go shopping).Then, of course, restaurants in casinos bring up another level of concern -- that their business model relies more on traveling salesmen's expense accounts rather than establishing themselves with a reputation for quality food and service.With above suspicions in mind, I booked us for Sat brunch, as I wasn't about to use up a valuable Saturday Vegas Dinnertime with a place I suspected I was going to hate.All suspicions were immediately put to rest.We were quickly seated and paired up with a very helpful waiter who was genuinely enthusiastic about what was on the menu.  And then, nobly atop the beer list:  Aventinus Doppelbock.  I was in a good mood.Then the food: a beautiful combination of sweet, spicy, hearty, and pretty, in particular,  the corn & shrimp tamale -- outstanding!  In other words, next time in Vegas, I do intend to give up  -- nay, enjoy! -- a valuable Saturday Dinnertime there.
4	I have been here a couple of times. We all love Bobby Flay and his presence on the Food Network. My brother and I had drinks there once and it was $80 for three people to have one drink each. Yikes. We had dinner there the next day. We had the tortilla with the duck inside, forgot the name. It was pretty good. I had the coffee rubbed filet mignon and I thought it was very iron chef-ish. The last time I was there was with my husband. We had the crispy quail which I thought was excellent. I had the sixteen spice chicken and he had some steak. He complained there was too much sauce on everything. I thought everything was pretty good. The dinner was fairly expensive even for a Vegas restaurant. I enjoyed my experience but probably will not be coming back. It was little bit too crowded and loud for my taste.
4	I had a good dining experience here at Mesa, which makes me more confident that Bobby Flay is actually legit in those Throwdowns :)If you get the opportunity to come, the tamales (corn and shrimp) and his margaritas (if you like alcohol) are the two MUSTS. Both were really good. I usually don't like tamales (no offense, maybe I've only had bad ones) because they are always so dry, but this one was moist and full of flavor. The corn was the perfect accompaniment too. As for the margarita, you can custom-create your own from their list of tequilas or choose a concocted mix. I had the white peach margarita which was fantastic.We had the chicken with sweet potato hash and the steak and egg. The first is very unique and very Bobby. It's a little spicy, and it is basically two huge mounds of chicken and hash mixed together. Very creative. The steak and egg was more traditional; you pretty much just make your own fajitas from guacamole, sour cream, egg, peppers, etc. Also good (although not spectacular) because of the fresh ingredients. Service was slow, although our server apologized because it was really busy. I would return, but not before I try other places on the strip.
2	In a word, bummer.I had high hopes but mixed feelings about eating here. I love Bobby Flay and have always wanted to eat at his restaurants. So when I learned I would be vacationing in Vegas, I knew this place was a must but after reading the reviews on Yelp, I was skeptical.And I had every right to be. We went in early in the afternoon, around 1:30pm. First of all, when we got to the Forum Shops/Caesars Palace we weren't sure where to go. We checked the directory and Mesa wasn't on it! So we asked a girl at a gellato stand. She directed us to go all the way down to the bottom of the Forum Shops. When we made our way there, we still couldn't find it and had a man tell us we had to go all the way back! Frusterated, we went outside and walked to the front of Caesers, went inside and finally found it. But when we finished and took a left, we walked right into the Forum Shops where we first started out, right by the gellato stand where we got directions the first time! I don't know if she wasn't educated on the layout or simply was tired of having people ask for directions and sent us on a wild goose chase. Either way, it was very frustering.As for the actual restaurant, we were seated right away. Like previous reviews, the seating/tables are very close to each other, I'm sure so they can pack in as many diners as possible. Service was okay, nothing to write home about. Now, the food......oh, the food. I ordered the famous Pork Tenderloin sandwich, as I LOVE spicy food and the server told us it was probably the spiciest dish on the menu. Um, really? It had almost NO spice, and really no flavor whatsoever. The fries were overdone and just not very good. My boyfriend ordered the burger, which was WAY better than what I ordered and I ended up finishing it for him. He also was not impressed with the fries.Before I forget, the bread basket was very disappointing. I was looking forward to the jalapeno bread and it was soggy and not spicy even though I could see the bits of jalapeno in it. The rest of the bread was also meh. Overall, I'm glad I had the experiance but I won't be back to Mesa Grill. Sorry, Bobby.
4	We were in Vegas this past Presidents Day weekend and ended our trip with dinner at Mesa Grill after seeing Jersey Boys (awesome show!).  My husband and I are both huge Bobby Flay fans and his restaurant did not disappoint us.  We had great service, really taste margaritas (peach and regular).  The smoked chicken and black bean quesadilla was super delicious - smoky and cheesy and bursting with flavor.  I had the striped bass and my husband had the pork tenderloin.  Our friends had a steak and the venison.  My fish was my least favorite of the four dishes, but still really good.  The pork was awesome, absolutely so much flavor and our friends went nuts over the venison and steak.  No dessert because we were so full.  Over a really good restaurant, food bursting with flavor and great service!
4	As a celebratory lunch for being alive after a near death experience by crazy valet driver in front of The Mirage, we decided to have Bobby Flay grace us with his delicious Tex-Mex creations. Living it up in true Vegas style, margaritas were in order. Ultimate = a simple original favorite. White peach = excellent and refreshing. Pear = way too strong, and why was it hot pink? Everything about this place is vividly bold and colorful. The contemporary decor, the presentation of each dish, and even the drinks. Bobby's famous blue corn pancake w/ bbq'd duck is a must have. The habanero chili and star anise sauce add a savory sweet kick to each bite. The duck was well cooked and tender, and although a mess to eat, no scraps were left behind. Chorizo quesadilla w/ fried egg was also a delicious starter. Oozing yolk blended with habanero sauce and grated parmesan over a crisp crust never tasted so heavenly.With my heart set on the spicy chicken & sweet potato hash w/ poached eggs, I wasn't sure what to expect, but I knew it would be good. Two whopping mounds of poached eggs ridiculously drenched in green hollandaise and habanero sauce (notice the pattern?) set before my eyes as I wiped a little bit of drool off my face. I can't recall any other time I've experience such explosive flavors all at once. This dish is a bit on the heavy side, so don't hesitate loosening up a notch on the ol' belt loop. The jumbo lump crab cake isn't on the regular menu, but we were lucky enough to catch a taste of it off the lunch prix fixe. Complemented by a blanket of corn relish and pablano vinaigrette, it would be a shame not to permanently include this on the menu. Typically, crab cakes are made small in size, but this one was considerably well portioned. Definitely one of my more meatier crab cakes I've ever seen. Ended the meal with a dark chocolate creme brulee and pineapple upside down cake w/ caramelized rum, which were both a delightful treat.Prices are reasonable, but tend to add up quickly. But hey, it's Vegas after all. Planning to check out the dinner menu on my next visit to try the pork tenderloin everyone's been raving about.
5	Another spot worthy of 5 stars, Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is still my favorite restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip.  The BBQ Steak is the best steak I've ever had out.  Their chocolate martini's lemon drops and dirty martini's also are some of the best.  The ambiance is great for people watching especially after a show lets out (It's very near the theater at Caesars That Celine Dion held down for a while).If you have some extra money when in Vegas make this your stop, forget the buffets!
4	You know, I've always been conflicted about trying this place. On one hand, Bobby Flay has annoyed me ever since he offended Morimoto on Iron Chef. On the other hand, I really like southwestern style food, and he's supposedly good at coming up with versions of it. So there we were, my boyfriend and I, in Vegas a little earlier than expected because we made most of the drive ahead of time to avoid a snowstorm. In fact, we were here in time for lunch (instead of just to St. George). We couldn't decide what to do with our extra meal, so we moseyed into Caesar's and were greeted by the Mesa Grill. We were curious, so we went in. It was Saturday afternoon, and therefore brunch time, so my boyfriend started with a mimosa. However, I couldn't resist our waiter's suggestion of one of the margaritas. I can't remember what they called it, but it was as smooth as he said it was supposed to be. I don't usually like margaritas, but I was down with this. For our entrees, Alan got the Spicy Scrambled Eggs and I got the Sixteen Spice Chicken Salad. Both were very good. The chicken in the salad was perfectly seasoned, and the dressing and goat cheese complimented it nicely. The eggs also had a good amount of goat cheese, and the combination of spices gave a great unique flavor. The ham the accompanied the dish was probably the highlight, though. Service was pretty slow, but our waiter was very nice when he did come by. Prices were high, but it's Vegas. I guess I'll forgive Bobby Flay for his Iron Chef ills for now (it's been long enough, right?), and I'll even go as far to say that I'd love to try this place for dinner sometime.
4	Totally what you would expect from Bobby Flay! We've been here for dinner before, which was excellent. This time we were expecting to go for Saturday lunch at 1pm, but had a pleasant surprise with the brunch menu.Complimentary bread basket: awesome!Shrimp corn tamale: 4 shrimps served in an open tamales served on sauce that is just deliciousness. This is a definite starter must!Goat cheese dip: yummy.Pear ice tea served with simple syrup: nice and refreshing, but didn't taste the hint of pear.Striped bass: fish was yummy, but corn side and sauces were just okay.Service was good.
5	Typical Bobby Flay - always having to offer the best food and making so many other great restaurants seem like Apple Bee's.Mesa Grill was very well put together and a lunch I will never forget!Our table loved the corn muffin in the bread basket.  Devoured that completely.  We each shared a bit of our own plate.1.  Sweet Potato soup - creamy, sweet, with a kick of spice2.  Shrimp tamale - shrimp was cooked perfectly; very tender; sauce was smooth and paired well with the dish3.  Honey Glazed salmon - ordered it medium; also tender, flaky and soft, greens melted in my mouth4.  Corn crusted Chile Relleno - absolutely phenomenal!  Crunchy outside, creamy and flavorful inside.  Kicks in a bit of spice, too!5.  Burger - It was good, pretty juicy6.  Pork sandwhich - I don't know what they put in this but it was great!7.  Dessert - buttermilk spice upside down cake, sweet, warm, soft, incredibly well spiced.  Mouth watering just thinking of it.  I would definitely go back again.  And if you are considering lunch or dinner there, expect to pay a pocket full of change.  You really do get what you pay for... great food at a great cost.
5	Oh Bobby, I know you probably don't make it out here a lot, and I know it's likely just an extension you of shilling stuff with your name on it, but damn this is a stellar place. As much as it pains me to admit it, this place is on point.Decor is cool, drinks were awesome, prices were actually pretty reasonable considering the location. And that lamb.Man, the lamb porterhouse I had was completely out of this world. I don't know if the kitchen was just really "on" that night, but I've taken drugs that were less euphoric than the experience of consuming this lamb. Out waiter was clever, knew the menu, the food, the philosophy, had a "I've been doing this for a while but still totally love it" vibe about him and generally added that last star to put us over the hump. There's a lot of big name restaurants vying for your company credit card in Vegas. There's either another (former) Iron Chef (don't get me started on the former part) with a big money place also begging for that coin. I would consider it a mistake to not stop at Mesa during a trip out here. Not a tragedy, but something that you will regret.
5	We went here a couple of days ago for our 11th anniversary. We had planned to go last year for our anniversary but had to cancel as my wife was found out she had to have surgery and wasn't supposed to eat red meat in the meantime. Now that she's all better, we decided to give it a try this year.I ordered a Mesa margarita, and my wife ordered a prickly pear margarita. Both were very good. I liked the taste of mine a little better, but the prickly pear was prettier. It had a pretty magenta color.While we were waiting for our appetizer, we were given a bread basket with three types of bread: corn bread muffin, jalapeno bread, and a nut bread. They were all very good. The corn bread was half regular corn and half blue corn which gave it an appealing appearance. My favorite was the jalapeno bread. It had a nice consistent flavoring of jalapeno without being overwhelming.For appetizer we split the tiger shrimp tamale. The shrimp was perfectly cooked. It was like a deconstructed tamale. The shrimp was laid on top of the cornmeal. The sauce was very flavorful, and the dish was well-balanced.For our entrees we had the pork tenderloin and the veal chop. The pork tenderloin was perfectly cooked and tender. The sauce wasn't quite as flavorful as I had hoped for, but it was still delicious.The veal chop was also perfectly cooked and tender. The seasoning was spot on.Both entrees were served with a cornmeal tamale thingy that was presented like a baked potato. It was very good and was an interesting presentation. For our side, we split the Brussels sprouts with pomegranate seeds and pecans. It was an interesting mix of flavors and colors. I never would have thought of combining Brussels sprouts and pomegranate seeds, but it definitely worked.We took half of our meals to go and were too stuffed to order dessert, though there were definitely some appealing selections on the dessert menu. Maybe next time.While we were waiting for our entree my wife asked if there was a celebrity behind her. I thought that was an odd question and asked her why she asked. We were sitting near the kitchen and she said all of the kitchen workers were looking at someone behind her. I glanced over and saw Tyra Banks sitting a few tables over. Apparently she was at Caesar's for Celine Dion's rehearsal show as we later saw her in line to get into the show.The service was a little slow, and even though we got there before the evening rush, we had a lengthy wait between our appetizer and our main course. Because of this, I'd give Mesa 4.5 stars. As we can't pick half stars, I'm gonna round-up and pick 5 stars.
5	I've been to Mesa Grill both in Vegas and New York and have had a superb dining experience every single time.  A few tips for those looking to dine here in Vegas:-Make a reservation.  This is not tex-mex a la Chili's Bar and Grill, people.  I'm continually shocked witnessing middle america meander to the host station in their sweat pants and t-shirts looking for a table at 7:30 on a Saturday night.  Not gonna happen.-BBQ Duck Blue Corn Pancake: go on, try it!  Didn't try this until my 5th trip here and I won't be passing it up from now on.-Cactus Pear Margarita: it is worth its' $16 price tag
2	Bobby Flay I'm not a fan. I don't like your show and find your SW cooking inauthentic, severely overpriced and pretentious. You do make a fine margarita however.If you want severely overpriced southwestern food (even for Vegas) that I believe doesn't properly represent authentic southwestern food, then give this place a try. Personally, I'll save my money and travel to Arizona, New Mexico and Texas and eat the real thing. It might actually cost less as well....In my not-so-humble opinion, there are much better placed to blow $100+ on dinner and drinks in Vegas. I'll never understand how people like overpaying for crap food...
4	***Review is for BRUNCH onlyTo get it out of the way...I'm not the biggest Bobby Flay fan.  On TV, he can come off as obnoxious, arrogant, and cocky.  However, the guy shows up on a bunch of different shows, which makes me wonder...is it just a persona he puts up?  I mean, he must be a decent guy to get himself on so many spots on the Food Network, right?  If it is just an act though, it works; his brash personality actually made me want to try his cooking even more, just so I could see if he's as good as his reputation suggests.  And being that the MESA in NY was his first restaurant, my friends and I figured this would the perfect chance to check out his cooking.  Unfortunately, we couldn't squeeze MESA in for dinner, so we had to settle for fitting it in for brunch instead.  When our party of ten checked in with the hostess, we were seated promptly, where the wait staff was quick to start serving our table.  Our waiter was helpful with menu suggestions, and was pretty good at describing and explaining the different components of each plate.  In fact, when it was all said and done, I ended up going with one of his suggestions - the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles along with the Rough Cut Tuna Nachos that a few of my friends wanted to split.- The Rough Cut Tuna Nachos - served with a mango & habanero hot sauce and avocado crema...terrific.  The tuna is similar to Hawaiian poke, but with Southwestern flavors instead.  In a way, with the crema, it's reminiscent of a guacamole salsa, but better.  Much better.  Too bad there aren't any places around here that serve it the same way.- Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles - served with a roasted tomatillo sauce, white cheddar cheese, and creme fraiche.  Presentation wise, all of the colors on the plate really made it stand out (blue corn tortilla, orange sauce, white cheddar, green seasoning), but the execution is what really made the dish.  With three layers of crispy tortilla, it had a nice crunch, which worked well with the richness.  The combination of flavors were fantastic.  If anything, I wish there was more of a kick with the sauce, but it tasted great as is.In addition, I also got a chance to try my friend's Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash, but I thought my entree was better.  Although I did like the spiciness and flavor, I would have like a little contrast in the texture.  Along with our meal, they also served a basket of bread, all with some Southwestern twists.  They were all decent, but my favorite of the bunch was the jalapeno bread.  In the end, I'll give Flay his due...the guy can offer up a pretty good brunch menu.  The ones that I tried were great, though I know a few of my friends were not as enthralled with their orders (hence the four stars).  None of them said the dishes were bad though, so maybe it was just a case of hopeful expectations not being met.  Reviews on here are pretty high for dinner as well, so I'd be interested in checking that out next time.  At least now, I have another reason to go back to Vegas...not that I really needed another one anyways.
5	So this place is expensive but, in this instance, you get what you pay for.Really with a name like Bobby Flay backing the place, you have high expectations. The burger I had was spectacular. Cooked just right and the grilled Vidalia onions added a special sweetness.I had a taste of the salmon and it was great! (I do not like fish)My favorite part was the bread basket they delivered. The jalapeno bread was by far my favorite but the corn bread muffin held its own. Have a special occasion or a little extra money burning a hole in your pocket? Go here.Better yet, take some of that money you would be wasting in the casino and get yourself something good.
4	Bobby Flay has done well to uphold his name w/ Mesa Grill. The food and ambiance is great. After all, it's Vegas, so I'm always in a good mood. Our server did a great job handling our table and the experience was VERY smooth. It's not often that I eat sit down when I'm in Vegas... it's typically all buffets for me baby!!!! Anyways, this time around was a special occasion (crap, I don't remember what it was... if my wife reads this I may get in trouble), and we were not disappointed. I had... what else, the RIB eye, it was great, tasted sweet to me, luckily I was in the mood for something sweet so it worked out PERFECT... those who may be more into savory meats vs. sweet meat should make note of this, as it may not be your cup of tea! We had a quesadilla appetizer that was recommended to us by our server, but I think she may have hyped it up a bit too much... it was passable but nothing worth mentioning. My wife had the filet, and it tasted to me like any filet does... BORING. All in all, very well rounded joint. Great food and great service will make us repeats, but it's still going to have to compete w/ me always asking "Should I just go gorge myself at the Bellagio Buffet instead?"
5	I went here with a bunch of restaurant folks - typically, not an easy crowd to please. In my opinion, Bobby Flay nailed it with the Pork Tenderloin and Duck Pancakes. The sweet BBQ and subtle but powerful heat to the sauce was fantastic on the perfectly cooked pork tenderloin - all went nicely with an ice cold margarita. The Tequila list was long and full of great options. Service was very good.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place as many times as I've been here. Had a hard time deciding between 4 and 5 stars, Mainly because the appetizers, salad, and sides are all 5 star but the entrees I've had are 4. I usually get a salad, app, and a side or two. I end up here on most of my Vegas trips and it is one of my favorite spots. You need reservations as it is always booked. I've snuck in and eaten at the bar a couple times but there is usually a wait for that.I LOVE the Sophie's salad and get it every time. For me it is the perfect salad, with baby romaine, garbanzos, kidneys, sharp white cheddar cubes, tiny toritlla pieces, kalamatas, cilantro, fresh chives and the dressing is a sweetish balsamic. Love the tuna nachos and the tamale side, but all the apps and sides are perfect. The specialty margaritas and mojoitos are ok but I like to get the beer.
4	It's not your average Tex-Mex spot. The food is fabulous & I can't recall seeing rice and beans on the menu, which was a plus. I personally feel there are more things to Tex-Mex cooking than those two staples.  At any rate, we were a party of three & we all thought the food was great. The menu prices were to be expected, after all we were @ Ceasar's Palace. The service was impecable.The bread was fabulous, but don't fill up on it. We ordered a shrimp tamale as an appetizer. It was so good, I needed to be home to eat it. The masa was so flavorful that you would want to eat the husk. The only problem was that you get just one @ a cost of about $16., let's not forget it was GREAT!! I ordered the lobster, it was better than I ever expected. I simply melted in my mouth. I was happy to see that it was a whole lobster & not the tail weighing in @ about 1.5lbs., cooked to perfection. The sides are ordered ala cart & they are large enough to share,. My cousin's ordered The bone-in steak & the other the salmon. They stated it was very good & I'm sure it was but I know it couldn;t be as good as my lobster.For dessert, I had the creme brule. Anytime I see it on the menu, I feel it my duty to order. It was also great. beverages were fantastic, top shelf all the way.If you want a 5 Star meal @ a reasonable price. This is the place
4	Came here for a family gathering so we had the Prix fixe menu.  Not sure how much the dinner cost per person but it was great.  Great portion and service was pretty good.  The atmosphere was good and they had a nice little bar area.  The place was really busy so I would recommend making a reservation before showing up.
5	I was extremely excited to try Mesa Grill during my recent trip to Las Vegas and I must say I was NOT disappointed. The iron chef blew my mind! My boyfriend and I made lunch reservations and we were promptly seated even though we got there about fifteen minutes early. The service continued to be wonderful. We were being very clumsy that day - I accidentally spilled my glass of water and my boyfriend dropped his knife on the floor and each time they ran over and replaced the things we needed. I kept apologizing for spilling but the waiter was very nice and told me not to worry about it.  Both of us decided to order from the prix fixe menu, since that would give us the most bang for our buck (three courses for $30). My boyfriend ordered the sweet potato soup topped with smoked chiles, maple crema, and marcona almonds for his appetizer and the spiced pork tenderloin sandwich for his entree. I had the tiger shrimp, roasted garlic, corn tamale with cilantro sauce for my appetizer. I have always lived in places that have given me the best access to fresh seafood, but this was seriously the best shrimp I have ever had in my life! Then I had the pan seared wild striped bass with roasted yellow pepper grits and yellow pepper romesco. All the flavors were so complex. There were so many sauces - spicy, sweet, salty, creamy - it really made the food exciting! We topped it all off with vanilla bean panna cotta with macerated berries. They let the berries soak in grand marnier for two days. YUM! We were so stuffed by the end that we practically had to roll out of the restaurant, but the deal was so good that we could not resist (plus we did not need to spend money for dinner that night). Definitely eat here! You will not be disappointed!
4	I stopped in here for Brunch on Saturday.  Since I didn't have reservations, I had about a twenty minute wait, which I spent sipping on an excellent Margarita.  That made waiting much easier!I started with the Sweet Potato Soup.  It was Rich and Creamy with just a touch of sweetness from a Maple Crema that was drizzled on top.My main Course was the Scrambled Egg Chilaquiles.  Blue Corn Tortillas stacked with White Cheddar Cheese, Creme Fraiche, Roasted Tomatillo Sauce and soft Scrambled Eggs.  Really good food and a Huge portion!Brunch included an amazing basket of breads.  My favorites were the Scones and the Jalapeno Cornbread. They are wheelchair accessible.  The only reason I can't give 5 Stars is that service was inattentive and lacking.
4	We've been here a few times now and every time has been excellent.  Our favorites are the pork tenderloin with the sweet corn masa and the yucatan chicken taco appetizer.  The coffee rubbed filet is also amazing.  Definitely a place we visit every trip to Las Vegas.  The food is different, with great flavors, and very memorable.  Can't go wrong!
4	I had dinner here recently, and it was great. I was a little late for my reservation, so they gave away our table. So, we ended up sitting at the bar for dinner. I had the chile relleno, which was amazing. The presentation and taste was great. My friend had the 16-spice chicken, which was just ok. The restaurant is really nice and is always packed. We didn't have time to get dessert, which I would have liked to try. Overall, I liked the restaurant and would definitely recommend it.
3	To begin with I've never been to a restaraunt that would charge $50 per head for a missed reservation. If one party of my group cancelled it would cost me $50. I Love Mesa Grill NYC. This is not that restaraunt. I ordered the venison. The venison was cooked perfectly. The chipotle sauce served with it was bland. Both needed salt. Along with the venison was a grits tamale it also was tasteless, dry and overcooked. The side dish was delivered 20 minutes after the main dish was served. I was totally disapointed. I was most upset that I brought 4 others who were just as disapointed. Coming from a foodie that Loved Mesa Grill NYC, I would not recommend this Mesa Grill.
5	A must-eat-at restaurant. My husband and I wanted to eat at a big name chef's restaurant this trip and had already tried Emeril's Fish House (also wonderful). After becoming addicted to the Food Network's competition shows I was excited to eat at a Bobby Flay restaurant - and Caesar's is always fun to walk through.We had 10:45 a.m. reservations for the Saturday brunch - it's our lunch hour our in our home time zone! We each ordered an appetizer. The Tiger Shrimp and Corn Tamale is worth writing home about - amazing flavors in this unconventional tamale. Also tried the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido as the suggestion of the waiter - another home run. I was in the mood for a burger so I got the Mesa Burger - very good, the grilled Vidalia onions were the secret to the taste for me. The fries were not as good as I had hoped, but by that point I was so full that was fine. My husband ordered off the specials - a six shrimp / two tortilla taco plate served with three sauces - a guacamole spread, mango puree and green tomatillo. We both liked the mango the best. The guacamole was great on the burger.This visit to Mesa Grill reinforced why Bobby Flay get's the accolades he gets - you must eat here.
4	Saturday Brunch  Ended up getting the Mesa Burger and loved the onions and spinach leafs that accompany the burger. The bread also sets it apart from other burger spots. Nicely toasted and the beef came out that perfect pink. Does it really set itself far ahead of other burger places... eh well no it is a burger so I guess I should have expected that. I planned to try other items however, looking around it seemed as though everyone within our vicinity was having the burger. I've had this happen way too many times where I stray away from what other people are getting to try something new, but it always happens that I try their dish and wish I hadn't. Anyhow, I would come back if it was convenient. I would not go out of my way to try the burger, maybe other items on the menu? Although to be completely truthful I enjoyed the burger so much I wouldn't try something else since I know exactly what I'm getting. It's worth a shot for sure!
3	I'm very surprised I'm only giving this 3 stars.  As I love Bobby Flay's taste in sauces and food in general.  I think we share a similar palette.  The man knows how to use a blender to create some bold and wonderful flavors.  Like myself - he likes a little heat but not so much that it just overpowers everything.But something is missing from Mesa Grill.  I think I know what it is.  VALUE.  Look - I know it's not Little Caesar's pizza.  We're not getting 2 large pizzas for $9 or whatever.  But when you order a $12 appetizer and you get like 2 duck tacos to share amongst your table of white collar professionals who are aghast at the appetizer pricing you know something is wrong.  Love the flavor of said duck tacos.  Love the flavor of his tamales.  The masa is just so flavorful!  Unlike any tamale I've had.But still....even with a nice steak.  The meal just is too expensive for what you get.  This is coming from someone  who has spent $400 for a meal and been happy to do so.Something is missing but can't express it as well as I'd like.  I may take one for the Yelp team and go there again so I can update this review.  Now it's bugging me....
5	OMG. Mesa Grill = AWESOME. Dear Bobby Flay, can you please open a Mesa Grill in Honolulu? I would be forever grateful and eat there at least once a month. Thanks! We went there for lunch early on in our trip and loved it so much we returned for dinner on our last night in Vegas. To start off, the service was impeccable...gotta love the knowledgeable and friendly waitstaff! The bread basket that comes with the meal had a DELICIOUS blue corn muffin, cheese and jalapeno bread and walnut bread. I seriously could have eaten just the bread for lunch and would have been happy and satisfied. For lunch I ordered the shrimp and corn tamale (appetizer). Holyyy amazing. The fresh corn and perfectly cooked shrimp went well with the tamale and cream sauce. I also got to try a bite of the blue corn pancake (super good), burger (juicy and delish) and pork sandwich (good). To finish off, we shared the panna cotta with berries (yum!). For dinner I ordered the chile relleno. SO GOOD! The crunchy outside, melty cheesy inside and super awesome sauces combined to a great dish. I didn't want to share! Overall, I was truly impressed with Mesa Grill and will definitely return every time we go to Vegas!
4	This place was packed! We called early in the morning on Saturday and all that was available were 5:30 or 9:30 PM dining reservations for two. At 9:30, the lobby, bar, and host area were standing room only as guests eagerly awaited the raved culinary creations of Bobby Flay. Everything was perfect, except two minor flaws in the meal. The pork dish comes with a sweeter, barbecue like glaze on the side that detracts from the peppery rub and flavor of the meat and the house margaritas were too tart. For top dollar, you think they could make a better margarita.
4	BF and I are a big fan of Bobby Flay, so we were pretty excited to eat at Mesa. Sadly, Bobby was not there, and to my chagrin our server said we just missed him; he was there the week before. Ah well. The restaurant is bright and elegantly decorated, colorful, and all the waitstaff were very professional and friendly. They have several lounge "cubicles" to wait while your table is being setup too, which I thought was pretty smart for groups that are waiting - you can still talk and everyone can sit and face each other while you wait. We ate:3 course meal of: 1) Blue corn pancake: bbq duck + habanero chile + star anise sauce - Pretty good, but a little on the salty side2) New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich: pretty good, light and fresh, came with Mexican spiced fries too that were really good. This is what everyone calls the #1 dish here, but I really think that award goes to the corn tamale (below). 3) Panna Cotta: SO GOOD - nice and light and the fruit was soaked in some type of liquor and really fresh and ripe. Others:Appetizers: Cremini Mushroom Quesadilla: pretty good, but will try something else next timeTiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: OMG I could eat this all day, every day, for the rest of my life. The shrimp was nicely seasoned and tender, not overcooked, the tamale was sweet and savory, the white corn was fresh and drowned in this yummy creamy corn sauce. YUM....Friend got the Chile Rellenos, which was also quite good. Melt in your mouth cheesy-ness. MmmGet the corn tamale!!
3	Ok, I get it...Bobby Flay LOVES cilantro.  I love cilantro too and it works in some dishes, but really a green cioppino ???  The stock with the cilantro and peppers blended in left something to be desired.  The seafood was good so it wasn't a total failure but the broth...eh. The tamale with the tiger shrimp was good.  A big improvement over the dry starchy everyday tamale.   The Yucatan Chicken Tacos reminded me of Peking duck with the hoisen like BBQ sauce and the vietnamese style herbs (more cilantro and mint).  Messy but good.Pan Seared Squid = Fail.  It wasn't memorable except for the fact that I remember not enjoying it when I was eating it.  Oh and the cocktails are lovely.  I think that is why I can only remember four dishes, though I believe I had more. Just to vent - this is a popular restaurant in Las Vegas so they should assume that some people do not have the foresight to make reservations and will inevitably opt to eat in the bar/lounge area.  Maybe they should make the lounge tables more conducive to eating...like make the tables more than 18 inches in diameter when each plate is more than 12 inches wide.
4	First off, the bread basket was surprisingly good and different from any other. It was southwestern inspired and def set the bar for Mesa. That night we were served blue corn cornbread muffins, asiago cheese bread (somewhat like sourdough, perfect crust & cheesy flavor), and jalepeno cheddar bread (a hint of spice and lots of flavor).AppetizersQueso FundidoYUM! Made with goat cheese, so it was little on the sharp side, but man oh man-- it was addicting.Tiger Shrimp + corn tamaleIt was a meal on its own!! I loved this dish and wanted to steal it from my friend. The shrimp was plump and flavorful, the tamale was slightly sweet and the spicy, creamy sauces were perfect for the dish. I crave this.16-Spice ChickenThe juiciest, flavorful chicken that I have ever ordered at a restaurant. Amazing. I'm usually a steak person, but I had the urge to order something less filling (so I wouldn't feel like a heffer at the club afterwards). The herb mashed potatoes were creamy, not too buttery, which was amazing with the crisp chicken skin. The cilantro sauce was just right- not too strong, and complimented the spices on the skin. I loved this dish and would recommend it.My friends ordered the ribeye, pork tenderloin, and venison-- I tried a bite of each, but I don't think it's enough to judge the entire dish. They were all tasty though, nothing bad to say. Love this restaurant though and I'm not even a huge Bobby Flay fan. He won me over and I'll be going back to Mesa next time I'm in Vegas.Side note: The water guy was a ninja!!! He was on top of his game and we were really impressed!! Obviously, partying in Vegas means heavy drinking = dehydration = we needed LOTS of water to recover. This guy got a big tip from us.
5	Excellent delicious meal. I began to like 'TexMex ' food after eating here because it was prepared correctly. I'm not surprised that Bobby Flay is so famous, it takes a true chef to pull-off the flavors combinations as done in this restaurant. And for the quality it was affordable, as compared with many other fine dining experiences. Bravo!
1	Perhaps I came at the wrong date or the wrong time, this is their lunch review.I wasn't impressed by the menu but ordered the mushroom quesadella.  I lost my appetite immediately when it came out.  Not only was it greasy looking, it had a half cooked egg sitting right on top of a layer of cheese.  EWW, EWW, EEEEWWWW.Perhaps dinner or the grill is good, but it wasn't on the menu when we went.
3	Bobby Flay, you let me down.  Actually, I've never been a fan of his anyway so I wasn't too disappointed in the man himself, but I was sad that we didn't have an enjoyable meal.We went for lunch on our last day and I tried the 3 course $29 pre-fixe menu.  The appetizer was Blue Corn Pancake with Duck. Wow, this was fabulous!  The spices were right on and the texture was perfect.Unfortunately, the rest of the meal wasn't as great. My entree was the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich.  The waiter mentioned that it came cold and I was fine with that.  But I wasn't fine with how tough the meet was.  I could barely chew it.The dessert of the day was panna cotta.  I liked the flavor but it wasn't the best dessert I've ever had.Some of the other people in my party ordered burgers that looked juicy and delicious.  Other than the burgers, all of the other entrees were failures.
3	Me and my girls made reservations a few weeks earlier for a Saturday night.  Lots of hype because its Bobby Flay's restaurant.  Its right across from Pure nightclub so we figured to go out there after as well.  Ugh- lame place- that's a completely different review. I enjoyed bits and pieces of my meal.  Nothing was necessarily bad- it was just not super unique or blew me away. We ordered with many suggestions the goat cheese quesadilla- very crispy and yummy. NE W  ME X I C A N   SP I C E  RU B B E D  PO R K   TE N D E  R L  O I NB o u r b o n   -   A n c h o   C h i l e   S a u c e  S w e e t   P o t a t o   T a m a l e  +   C r  u s h e d   P e c  a  n   B u t t e r what what I had for dinner.  The pork was good but everything else was average. Enjoyed the ambiance- modern decorations but for the amount of $$$ you are paying wish it was a bit more wow-ing.
4	I have a Bobby Flay fan for a while and this is the first of his restaurants that I've tried.  I went with my sister and mom.  The service was good, no complaints.  All the food was good but there were definitely dishes that were way better.  I LOVED the "Rough Cut Tuna 'Nachos'", "Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale" and the "Toasted Coconut Layer Cake".  The bread basket had variety and the blue corn bread muffins and jalepeno cheddar bread were pretty delish. For the main course, we had "Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon", "Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon" and "Lamb Shank Posole".  They were all good but none were great. The meats were cooked nicely but I imagined the flavors would be more "in your face".  The sides were forgettable. I still crave the appetizers and would like to try some of the other dishes so I would go back.
4	Make Reservations for this place...If you don't, you will not be able to eat there (possibly at the bar if you're lucky).Our party of 7 went here for lunch. This place is not for the simple eaters.  If you aren't keen on trying something "different" or fusion of flavors or consider yourself fairly picky, then I would NOT eat here. I loved this place but some of my friends had a hard time with the menu as they don't appreciate good "different" food. If you're one of those then you're better off eating somewhere else!I had the corn shrimp tamale for appetizer drizzled with cilantro sauce (HIT THE SPOT.) IT was the BEST tamale I have ever had. My lunch was really good too but Id prob wouldn't order it again. I had the shrimp tacos, but I just ate them right off the skewers instead of wrapping them up in a blando tortilla (However, it did look home-made).  The home made salsas were an added bonus--wish I had some chips with that.  NOt sure why but my DIET pepsi (THANKS BOBBY FOR PEPSI products NOT COKE!!) was really good too--they must change the oxy tanks daily b/c it was the freshest pepsi i had in Vegas..i know..so random.Overall, I would definitely come here again and try other things. It is a bit pricey but I think its worth it b/c everything is SO fresh and cooked to perfection. Also, the service was outstanding. My sister told the waiter she couldnt eat dairy and he made sure to consult with the cook about her order. Couldn't have asked for a better lunch. Bobby ROCKs.
5	Visited Mesa with a group of 10 for dinner.  We had to wait about 20 mins past our reservation time, but otherwise the experience was exceptional.  The food was incredibly good... flavors that just explode on your pallet!  The service was perfect, food was perfect, and even though it is not a cheap place to eat, I would certainly recommend it!
5	Best pork tenderloin I have ever had.  Duck taco things were pretty darn good too.  Excellent margaritas and vast tequila selection.  Will definitely be back when I am in Vegas!!
4	Me and the hubs were hungover and starving, but pushed thru that cuz its the Vegas son!!. HA HA. reservations are horrendous. We sat at the bar after the waitress informed us they will serve the full menu at the bar. Awesome!! Two seats later were at the bar immediately waited on with a smile I might add. The iced tea is premium. LOVE that. The bread is deli-sh!! JALAPENO CHEDDAR omg. We had the sweet potato soup and the shrimp and corn tamale. YUMmers. We split the Green Chile Chapinno. Very good needed lemon and was a little on the salty side. Drinks are expensive but we ordered premium te-killya and they have a heavy hand so it all works out. The portions are large enough and I would go back to try other items on the menu. Overall I would say the service is premium. Def. a must try when you do the vagas. HOLLLAAAA.
4	Had a spicy chicken and sweet potato hash benedict that was spicy but calmingly sweet in balance.  Everything was spicy but not "ruin your day" kind of spicy.  The server was a little off on people skills but for the most part very friendly.
2	I looked forward to this meal for months but was sadly dissapointed.  I had the posole, the rough cut tuna, and the shrimp tamale.  My wife had the chile relleno.  We found the food to be fairly bland and not mediocre.  The place was beautiful, the beer and service were great, but honestly, I came for a kick-ass meal and this place flopped in that department.   Out of what we had I'd say the tuna was the best....
5	Ahh, Mesa Grill, how I love thee! We HAVE to go here every time we're in Vegas. I've never had a bad meal here and the waitstaff is top notch, not to mention a great location.The assorted breads they bring out are delicious.This time I had the shrimp tacos which were the perfect lunch serving. 2 skewers of shrimp grilled perfectly alongside fresh cabbage slaw and 2 grilled corn tortillas. Whether in Vegas or NYC you must try this place and fall in love as I have.
4	worth every penny. take what you would have spent on a mediocre buffet and get something excellent from the mesa shop
4	I'm a Bobby Flay fan so I was really excited to dine here with my friends and this restaurant did not disappoint. It really deserves 4.5 stars. I made reservations 3 weeks in advanced and upon walking in, we were seated within 2-3 minutes. We were greeted by our server who was very nice and went over the menu for us. We got a complimentary bread basket with an assortment of breads. The blue corn muffins were my favorite. We ordered the lamb posole, pan seared halibut, black angus new york strip steak, coffee rubbed filet mignon, 22 oz bone-in chipotle glazed rib-eye, and they were all great! But the best was the rib-eye. It was rare, fatty, juicy, huge, and melted in your mouth. Drool. The filet mignon and new york strip was also very tender and delicious. The lamb posole had a lot of flavor and was really good, and the fish was light and also had a lot of great flavors. This restaurant is worth coming back to for sure.
5	The duck. It's quite good. 16 spices cover this savory main course and goes very well with a sweet red wine. Very choice. The dark colors enveloping the surrounding atmosphere and the placing of the tables are nice.  You have enough space between people which I like. It's not too crowded. Good service there. I admit I got lost with the wine and which one I wanted. You get a quick taste of a wine you chose and if you approve you're supposed to nod in approval which I almost pulled off. Trust me though, I don't think I would have scoffed and chosen another wine because the first wasn't to my satisfaction. The table we chose seemed like the best for people watching and enough space between you and other tables. I liked that. Great conversation and great food. I have good memories here and will come back again.
4	I was hungover on a sunday killing time before going to the airport and not dressed up for a fine dining excursion.  I was happy to stumble across Mesa Grill and had brunch.For starters they had a decent bread basket. The Grits were the best I've ever had and the GOAT CHEESE "QUESO FUNDIDO" was a solid appetizer.This was the fist time I had Scambled Egg Chilaquiles.  It's a great combination of Southwest Flavors and Eggs.  I wasn't blown away by the Flavors but left Mesa pleased and full.Overall Brunch was a nice way to Experience Mesa Grill.
4	I have a friend who's nemesis is Bobby Flay.  So I wanted to make sure we ate there.  The Bellagio buffet was packed, so I called last minute to make a brunch reservation for 11.  After about an hours wait in the comfy lounge chairs, we were seated.  Service was a bit slow throughout our meal, but I was just glad we were able to get a table for so many with such short notice.The bread basket was delicious, with bite-size jalapeno cheese cornbread, mini cranberry scones, and coffee cake.  For appetizers, I tried the Bacon Queso Quesadilla w/ fried egg, which was okay, and the Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale, which was awesome.  The sauce, the jumbo shrimp, the tamale... everything was delicious and went well together.  I think I would've just been happy having a larger portion as my main entree.  I felt like a burger and since Bobby Flay is a burger fan, I figured I'd give the Mesa Burger a shot.  The burger patty itself was thick and super juicy, but it was a bit bland.  But the horseradish mayo and grilled onions helped.  The southwestern fries were pretty good, but didn't think they were as addicting as the server mentioned.  I think I'm still thinking about the parmesan truffle fries from a certain steakhouse.In the end, I was stuffed and enjoyed my meal.  If I were to come back, I think it would definitely be for dinner, since the brunch menu was limited in choices.
5	What a great place! We visited in Feb. The service was attentive & pleasant, the atmosphere was subdued but not dreary. The food...wow. Everyone at our table loved their dish. Hubby had the chipotle rubbed rib eye & Dad had another one of their steak dishes, my sister & I enjoyed a spicy mango chicken plate. Bobby Flay, you make my insides feel good.
4	This place is a permanent fave in Vegas! We always order the cheese fundido and chicken taco appetizers and they are both incredible. As our main course we opted for the 16 spice chicken and chile relleno. The chicken was fantastic (although the pesto potatoes are the real star) but the relleno was eh. I can get better at my local taco stand. We had the churros for dessert and the delicate anise flavor was just right. It should be noted that I typically will avoid this flavor but in the churros, it worked. If you are looking for the best dang margarita you have ever had, then order the signature marg at Mesa....one will get ya going.We have agreed that it might be best to just order appetizers next time but either way we are coming back!
4	Visited for lunch with old friends this past Friday - always wanted to try a Bobby Flay burger, so figured this was the right time!  The atmosphere is cool, a little loud, but overall fun - comfy waiting area up front at the bar, and not too long a wait for a table.  The waitstaff was very attentive and helpful with recommendations.  The breadbasket was fun, with the blue/yellow cornbread and jalapeno bread both of which tasted great. I considered the green chile burger and the pork tenderloin sandwich, but settled on the Mesa Burger ($16) since it was the signature lunch dish and it was my first time here.  The server asked how much pink I liked in the burger and it came out cooked perfectly.  The horseradish mustard and grilled onions worked well together, and the southwestern fries were solid, soft and somewhat reminiscent (although not as good as) the fries at Five Guys.  I tried my friend's chile relleno and that was nicely prepared as well.All in all I was not disappointed, and would return for sure.  Would really like to see his burger joint in LA or OC!
5	This is an excellent place for brunch.  The texture of their eggs is amazing - I have no idea how they do it.  The bread basket is great, and the bloody marys are so so good.
4	Sinfully food in Sin City! You have to try the goat cheese queso fundido...oh yea baby! The chili burger was outstanding! The swordfish sandwich was too heavy...toasted butter bread, oily swordfish....good but way too many greasy components in one sandwich. Sounded better than it felt in my tummy. The fries were seasoned perfectly. Service was average and slow. And the place was freeeeeezing! Guess you are in a fancy place when they don't offer you ketchup...so I didn't ask LOL
4	The food is delicious.  I was so excited because I'm a huge Bobby Flay fan and the food did not disappoint.  I had the pork tenderloin and if you are not used to spicy food, take note, because it is on the spicy side.  I love spicy food but I am used to it and was extremely satisfied with the entree.  The margarita's are wonderful as well.  Be prepared to spend quite a bit of money but definitely worth it.
5	The use of extremely high quality ingredients that are kept simple for an elegant meal was amazing.  The veal was white with a succulent melt in your mouth appeal that had flavor bursting through the entire thing. The pork tenderloin was incredible as well if you enjoy spicy.  We ordered the side of baby carrots as an appetizer and were boggled by how simple baby carrots could contain so much flavor.  The service was quick and spot on.  My only complaint was the "signature margaritas" were piss poor and I could not even finish mine because it was giving me heart burn...and I LOVE Margaritas.
5	Let me preface my review by saying that this recent trip, Mesa Grill came through after we got up and left Stack at the Mirage.  You can read my Stack review to see what went very wrong there. But we've been to Mesa Grill four times now, and it will always be our must-go-to restaurant in Vegas.  Our dinner was late, after 9:30 p.m., Saturday, Caesar's, Vegas.  Energy level in the restaurant was marvelous, great wait and host staff, terrific sommelier, wonderful wine choice (well, that was OUR choice, but still, to have Fiddlehead Fiddlestix on the menu is amazing in and of itself).  The bread is the best (esp. that little corn muffin with the chilis....we fight over it!).  Great vodka choices for before dinner.  Hubby had the pork tenderloin--it is their killer dish.  I always get something different, so I had the chile relleno and it was wonderful--crispy crunchy crust (not doughy), a poblano chile of top quality, filled with goat cheese, eggplant, yuuuuumy.  Not huge, but just enough and just great.  The BEST.
5	mesa grill seriously just put the icing on the cake and made this Vegas trip the best one yet. I am a total food network junkie and ALWAYS drool over bobby flay's food since it's right up my alley [love spicy and bold flavors]. was going to come here last year but never got the chance, so Paul and I were determined to make it this time. we came during brunch and without a reservation, only a 20 minute wait.  the interior is nice, as expected. I opted for the spicy scrambled eggs and Paul absolutely had to have the burger. you get this amazing ass bread basket with mini jalapeno cheddar biscuits [DE-FREAKING-LICIOUS], mini scones, and blue corn muffins. I had to stop myself from filling up on it. on to the food! my eggs were perfect. tons of fresh jalapenos and a drizzle of some light green sauce, and goat cheese. the goat cheese was the perfect creamy accompaniment to the spicy jalapenos. love the fact it was actually spicy, as I hate ordering spicy food that turns out to be weak. the grits that came with it were the best I have EVER had, I don't know what he does but they have this distinct and strong corn-y taste. I miss them already. Paul's burger was also on point. it's a HUGE patty, and inexplicably is not greasy yet still super tasty. the bun didn't get soggy at any point, not even a hint of soggy, but the flavor and texture was all there. definitely a place to check out when you're in sin city!
4	Pretty good food overall. Service was great - the wait staff is very attentive.Started with the quail appetizer - not my favorite as I did not find it particularly flavorful.I tried the Sixteen-Spice Chicken and that tasted a bit like deconstructed mole. The only reason that I was not thrilled is because the skin was just fatty, they did not crisp it enough for my liking so it kind of killed it for me a little.My husband tried the pork loin dish and that was much better than mine. It came with a really tasty corn tamale (I'm usually not much of a fan).We ended our meal with the banana creme dessert and that was really good :)
5	came here for lunch with the bf and we ordered the following:tuna nachos 4.25 stars spicy chicken sweet potato hash 4.25 starssome seabass dish 3.75 starsyou are def guaranteed to have a great meal here!get the spicy chicken sweet potato hash-- its totally unique and gives you a slight orgasm in your mouth (I like to say "orgasm in mouth" often to describe a handful of really amazing dishes that I encounter and this is one of them)
4	One of my favorite chefs is Bobby Flay.  While he may be a bit overexposed with the multitude of TV shows he appears on, the guy knows how to cook and does Southwest cuisine like a frickin' culinary Einstein.  Best yet, his cookbooks have recipes that are exceedingly accessible for the home cook and if followed with reasonable precision, you end up with damn tasty results.  Therefore, it was a no-brainer for the GF and me to go for lunch at the Vegas version of his Mesa Grill.  It was a Friday at the beginning of lunchtime.  Mesa Grill was empty and we could've sat at any table we wanted, but we decided to sit at the bar.  The bar is dominated by a heady array of fine tequilas and whisky.  Given it was before noon, we elected to just have water and some coffee.  Arturo, our bartender/server was friendly and spot on with his service.  We opened with an order of Rough Cut Tuna "Nachos" served with mango, habanero hot sauce and avocado crema.  The "nachos" were exactly as advertised, a Southwest-style ceviche with a great balance of sweet and spicy hot with an avocado creaminess.  For my lunch course, I had the Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno stuffed with eggplant, manchego cheese, red pepper sauce and balsamic vinegar.  The Chile Relleno was perfectly fried, crispy on the outside, tender chile with gooey cheesiness on the inside, and surprisingly light all-around.  It was perfect!  The GF had the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash.  I liked my dish better.  Mesa Grill is an unpretentious place.  It does simple, very pleasing food.  While it may not be the finest restaurant in Las Vegas, I can't name that many that provide a more enjoyable dining experience...especially for lunch!
4	After my 3rd trip, i have come to the conclusion that your best bet @ MESA is a lunch visit.  We spilit the smoked Chicken and black bean Quesadilla, browned well. The gala apple and maytag bleu cheese salad. She had the bbq lamb cobb salad. I had the Pork Tenderloin Pressed Sandwich with his Southwestern Fries.  Everything was AWESOME.  Top notch.
5	WOW!  What a meal.  Pricey, but worth it.First, let me say, we had the best waitress.  Her name on the receipt says "Encina A".  What a wonderful, knowledgeable, server she turned out to be.  She was everything I look for in a server.  Friendly, but professional.  Always a step ahead.We started with the Duck Pancake.  My wife was very adventurous on this trip.  She usually doesn't eat things like Duck but she really enjoyed this.I had one of the best Tuna Steaks I have ever had.  It was perfectly prepared rare.  My wife had the Ancho Salmon, another beautiful dish.  I had a side of the Collards, and they were wonderful.  My wife had a side of the Brussels but she did not like the Pomegranate taste.Say what you want about Bobby Flay.  He's arrogant.  But if you're name is on a restaurant that is cranking out this quality, you would be arrogant too.  I feel like I understand Chef Flay a little better.
3	I know you should expect to spend a lot of money in Vegas, but better food can be had at better prices, from better service, elsewhere. 4 ladies ordered 4 drinks (which came AFTER our food) and 3 appetizers (didn't like the tuna or the quesadilla, the duck was the only saving grace), for a total of $115
1	By far the worst meal we had in Vegas.When we arrived to place our reservation in person (after no one answered the phone) we were ignored for several minutes by two hosts who were having a personal conversation. Our waiter took the rude to a whole new level. He didn't even acknowledge my wife for close to ten minutes, speaking solely to and making eye contact only with me. He actually dropped his "game face" before out of eyesight after leaving the table and rolled his eyes.The meal started off well with decent margaritas (although the bar only accepts cash or room-charges). The meal then quickly deteriorated. After enjoying some good bread and muffin (one muffin for two people) we had a chicken quesadilla for an appetizer, which was tasty, but overly salty. I ordered the lamb medium rare and it came raw and purple. My wife ordered the sixteen spice chicken which was sickly sweet. Tried the cioppino...it was edible at best. Overly fishy smelling in general with mussels that were certainly past their prime. Overall, the food was overly sweet and generally bad.If you want to experience a good $100 plus meal in vegas don't eat here. There are much better places worth your time and money. I recommend B & B Ristorante in the Venetian.
3	ordered calamari for the appetizer.. way too salty..i was not that impressed. for the entree, i had pork tenderloin...very tender and juicy...i think overall, seasoning was too strong and the food was way too salty for me. Sorry Bobby Flay, but I don't think i would go back to mesa.
5	Of the celebrity chef restaurants that I've visited, Mesa Grill is (so far) my favorite.  The quality of food, service and facilities was truly surprising especially in Las Vegas where everyone seems to be out to take your money.  Service was absolutely 4 Star without attitude.  The staff at our table seemed genuinely friendly and their performance was spot-on.  The flavors layered in the food were incredible and I found myself continuously amazed at the creativity.  The pork tenderloin is a thing of beauty...fork tender and delicious.  This is a place where the line cooks have really been taught to recreate something fantastic.  I pushed away from the table and left hoping that I could return again quickly.
5	Now I know why Bobby Flay is an Iron Chef. Oh. My. God. I was practically jumping out of our booth because every single thing that was set on our table was AH-MAZING! I still can't contain my excitement, obviously. Here's a to-the-point rundown: The bread basket is sexy. Jalapeno bread, corn muffins... It's so hard to resist scarfing them all, but try not to fill up! The choice drink is the white peach margarita. Perfectly balanced and refreshing. The tiger shrimp corn jalapeno tamales are incredible. And the baked goat cheese queso dip will blow your mind. I had the blue cornmeal crusted halibut with cherry tomato/jalapeno/caper sauce. There are no words. It's just amazing. Clean Plate Club, what?! Mesa Grill's take on banana cream pie is just perfect too. With a caramelized graham cracker chip and banana whip, you won't leave hungry. But you'll be reminiscing about your experience for weeks! Don't miss this!
5	I actually proposed to my g/f about 15 minutes before our 8PM reservation in our MGM Sky Loft which meant we were celebrating at Mesa Grill.To start off we had a mojito, margarita, and the chicken tacos appetizer. The 2 drinks were excellent. Im not a mojito fan but this was drinkable and stiff. The margarita really hit the spot and was overly full of tequila which is my style of drink! THe chicen tacos were awesome, 3 little breasts on skewers that came with 3 small tortillas, glazed onions, and a bbq sauce of some kind. A great way to start off!For our entree we ordered the coffee rubbed filet and I had the salmon. THe filet was cooked to perfections with loads of flavor and looked like a masterpiece on the plate. The salmon was just as perfect, cooked exactly how I like (mid rare) with a great crisp crust on the top and bottom from a good sear. We also had a la carte chille relleno and twice baked potatoe. Nothing too crazy but needed something on the side besides just the entree. The chile relleno was different with a hard corn meal like crust with bean/corn mash textured filling. Was different but good. The twice baked potatoe was better than a normal one.Dessert we didnt really want but we had to do it just to do it! We had the churros which we were glad we ordered. Hot and cripsy on the outside and warm and gooey on the inside. To top it off it came with a chocolate sauce to dip the churros in. Overall this was a top notch resturaunt with top notch service. One thing my g/f pointed out that was over the top was the fact she was wearing a black dress, she was initially given a white napkin and then the waitress came back and swapped her napkin with a black one. Now thats paying attention to detail.
5	I came here with my sister while we were on our whirlwind trip to Vegas and am SO glad this is where we decided to have dinner. Both she and I were feeling rich and starving, because we opted to order a slew of appetizers and a few side orders in addition to too many partida margaritas. Phenomenal margaritas by the way, nicely balanced and no sickeningly sweet cloying mix taste - at $12 a pop they better be good! Everything we ordered (blue corn pancake w/duck, tuna nachos, queso fundido, chile relleno, and mashed potatoes with queso sauce) was freaking delish. My personal favorite was the blue corn pancake because the duck was perfect - tender, smokey and sweet without even a hint of gamey-ness. I was also very surprised by how good the chile relleno was with it's thick hard cornmeal crust and bean/rice/mash in the middle. This was not your average deep-fried cheese stuffed pepper. And yes, after all that, we ordered dessert. The coconut cake is ridiculous. I mean seriously, it was so good that our waiter literally had to pry me off of it so that we would make it to our show on time. Each layer was soaked in some sort of coconut cream concoction and every bite was full of toasted coconut flakes, gooey cake and icing. I kept thinking about it all night. I'm still thinking about it! This was definitely a luxurious treat and I'd highly recommend it to anyone else looking for a nice dinner while in Vegas.
5	My husband and I had lunch at Mesa Grill last week and we loved it!  I started with a Cactus Pear margarita.  It was a beautiful color and tasted great.  We got an appetizer of the Tiger Shrimp & Garlic Corn Tamale.  It was awesome!  We could have eaten several more.  The sweet corn is so tasty and the sauce is incredible.For our entrees, we split the Chile Relleno and the Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash.  Both were very good.  The chile Relleno covering was crunchier than I am used to, but all the tastes blended well and the cheese just melted.  The hash was very different, but quite tasty.  It was pieces of chicken and sweet potatoes basically mashed into wash other and covered by eggs and hollandaise sauce.  I was a big fan of both dishes.  I couldn't resist dessert even though I really had no room.  We had the Layered Coconut Cake.  Scrumptious!  I would describe it as a tiramisu with coconut flavor, rather than a coffee-like flavor.  The cakes were soaked in some kind of cream like a tiramisu. It was great!
5	Where do I start???  Its Bobby Flay's so you know it will be pretentious, over staffed and very good.  I was there on a Monday before work and just like his restaurant in NYC all the above was true.  It was unnerving taking a drink of water and then out of nowhere came a hand with a pitcher to refill the table spoon of water I drank.  The 10-12 expediters and or servers standing around made it even more fun to eat in front of a crowd.   I will be back because the food is amazing as always; but I will wait until it's busier so I'm not the only entertainment.
5	2nd time here and it was even better then the first. Started with the goat cheese queso fundito which is always amazing and was treated to their amazing bread basket. Blue corn muffins and jalapeno corn bread are both delicious. Their roasted corn soup was truly decadent. Liquid corn bread.Entree was the cornmeal chile relleno which I had last time and this was even better (the only vegetarian entree) stuffed with roasted eggplant and manchego cheese on top of a delicious red pepper sauce. Finished with the pear buttermilk upside down cake that tasted like christmas, and the deep dish banana cream pie which is exactly as it sounds. Both perfect desserts. Oh and about 5 glasses of their cactus pear iced tea.
5	Had a birthday dinner here with 4 of my dearest friends and can I just say it was such a fantastic meal from start to finish. the Lamb chops and the Pork Loin were amazing. HIGHLY recommended!for the apps we tried the crab cake, the blue corn pancake with duck and the tiger prawn tamale.All were good, but the the best IMO was the crab cake and tamale.BOBBYYYY! you arrogant son of a b*tch! I love you man! teach me! please!!!! I wanna be your student. teach me the ways of the blue corn meal! I want you to come to my house and have a throw down in my mouth. I wanna hear that lisp of yours and see that boyish grin while we skip through fields of maize backwards  eating that pork loin!sorry Im actually a bit upset that this meal was so good. I kinda wanted you to fail so I could write a horrible review, but damnit Bobby, I cant.Good stuff Bobby! Touche bro!
3	Bobby, I love your books and tv stuff, but have you ever even been in this restaurant? I've been twice and maybe I expect too much but all I can say is, "meh."
3	I wish I could give Mesa Grill 3.5 stars but because I'm a fan of Bobby Flay I rounded up.The pork tenderloin was truly amazing. The side of corn bread was dry. The bread basket was served cold and a bit dry. Nothing too creative just  white bread with minced jalapenos in it.The service was disappointing. It was rushed and impersonal. Kind of like a diner. I was expecting much better for a restaurant of this caliber.I decided to round down. Sorry Bobby.
4	Great spiced chicken....great service, great place. I was a little surprised that I could not get black beans or any beans there as a side, but I would go there again and that is saying a lot considering all the good restaurants in caesars.
5	I love Bobby Flay, so I was super excited to eat at his restaurant. My husband ordered the tiger shrimp tamale with blue corn for an appetizer and it was fabulous! I had the green chile burger with southwest fries. It was just as tasty as I imagined it would be. My husband ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich and it was so good! The sauce they put on it is spicy and perfect! We loved it so much, we went back two days later. The ahi nachos and salmon are also delicious! We loved everything we tried!
5	Fantastic!! The best most memorable meal of many in Vegas.Tiger shrimp tamale-very delicious, shrimp cooked perfectly.Chile relleno-great combination of flavors, I loved it!RIb-eye with chipotle glaze and roasted peppers-by far the BEST steak ever!Mashed potatoes-How could something simple be so good?Deep dish banana cream pie-Like eating a cloud of banana with a delicate brittle cookie delight.Interesting and tasty cocktails.Our server was the nicest most helpful guy.Bobby Flay is an Iron Chef indeed who has a true talent for food. Reasonably priced for the quality and flavors.Reserve a table for your next trip to Vegas and enjoy!
4	Mesa has been a regular visit for awhile on our annual guys trip.  Something exciting about dining at the restaurant of an Iron Chef. I just drool at the dishes those guys put together on the show.  My fantasy job is to be a judge on that show.  For brunch, their spicy egg dishes are perfect, especially with a bloody mary - though we will also get the blue corn waffle to share.  For dinner, the porterhouse is a fabulous cut of meat but way too much for a mere mortal to finish.  Recommend sharing the beef and trying other dishes.  What I enjoy is also the ambiance/vibe.  Amazing what a good designer can do w/ a piece of space right next to the sports book.
4	Let me preface this review by saying I have been waiting to try this place out for awhile. I'm already a fan of Bobby Flay who seems to be on everything on Food Network nowadays. The stars and reviews built up my excitement...and then I heard from friends of friends that it sucked. I was a little scared that it really would suck and I'd curse Bobby Flay with every ounce of my being (like when I tried to come here on my last trip and they closed early to redo the floors).Better half and I arrived here for brunch over Memorial Day weekend. We had our reservations about how much I'd like the place seeing as how I die if I lick a hot cheeto. Lots of things say spicy this...spicy that..spicy everything. In my head, I tell myself to toughen up and just try it...then I wimped out and went with a blue corn waffle. I ordered a cactus pear iced tea along with it since I was a bit curious. Boyfriend ordered spicy scrambled eggs sans goat cheese. The waiter gave him a bit of grief over it..saying he would check with the chef if that was allowed..asking if he didn't like it or if he was allergic...yada yada. Our plates came out and the waffle is the size of my face. Actually, bigger. It comes with vanilla creme fraiche and blackberry bourbon syrup. I'm not a fan of blackberries but this was divine! All the flavors melded together wonderfully. It wasn't overly sweet and the waffle had a distinct flavor. I tried (and failed) to finish the whole thing but only ate 3/4s of it. They prepared the eggs to bf's liking, without cheese, and he said it was delicious! I looked over at his plate and it was quite green from the onions and pleeenty of jalapeno. I didn't even attempt a bite. The tea was quite refreshing. It had a light flavor that contrasts how bitter tea can get. No need for sweetener here.Overall a pleasant experience. It didn't disappoint and I don't have to curse Bobby Flay every time I see him on Food Network. A nice change for brunch with its southwestern flare. It was definitely worth the wait!
5	Once a year my dad goes on all expense paid trip to Vegas. All expense paid means that he eats wherever he wants, and orders whatever he wants. My wife and I were lucky enough to get to go this year and I practically packed a fork and knife in anticipation. Mesa Grill was the first restaurant we tried on the trip. I ordered the Tiger Shrimp Tamale for an appetizer and it absolutely hit the spot. The flavor was extremely bold, and I literally used my spoon to scrape the remaining sauce from the plate. Delicious.For the main course I decided to try the pork tenderloin sandwich and I absolutely loved the combination on the plate. I love to combine my food, and I recommend putting the fries in the sandwich as you eat. By the way, the pork is served cold and medium rare, which the waiter warns you about in advance. For this reason, I don't understand fellow yelpers complaining that the sandwich was not hot, or undercooked.My only small complaint would be I didn't like the corn bread served before the meal.After it was all said it done, we ended up going to the Mesa Grill two out of the three days. This is no small fact considering we could eat wherever we wanted. I now find myself having dreams about that pork tenderloin sandwich. Loved that sauce.Recommended.
2	I have to say I was pretty disappointed given the number of reviews for this place.  My wife had the veal chop and I had the lamb chops.  We also ordered a side of mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach.  I can't say it was anything special and I've definitely had better on all fronts.  My main issue is that I'm a big fan of lamb but the citrus sauce that they used pretty much killed all the gamey flavor.  I guess that's fine for people who don't want a gamey taste but then they probably shouldn't be ordering lamb anyways.  For the price, I would definitely recommend going elsewhere.
5	I will never go to Vegas again without getting a reservation at Mesa Grill. The food, service, and atmoshphere were amazing and I would put this place up there as one of my top dining experiences of all time. I am not usually big on listing my "highlights" however I couldn' resist. In a town full of good eats this is one of the best.....Highlights:Blue Corn Pancake- Barbecued Duck, Habanero, Chile-Stare Anise SauceCornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno- Roasted Eggplant + Manchego Cheese, Sweet Red Pepper Suace + Balsamic VinegarNew Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin- Bourbon- ANcho Chile Sauce Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan Butter
5	Way to go yelpers!!! Your reviews were spot on :) such a great meal...started with their margaritas which were over the top good!!!!! Then we had 2 appetizers-the goat cheese nachos and the tuna something...both were very good. I started with the soup and has the seared tuna steak and ate EVERYTHING.Seriously the dishwasher probably could tell I liked my meal since there was nothing left to clean. :) definitely check this place our you won't be disappointed!!!!
4	Went here for lunch/brunch.Delicious spicy chicken and eggs. Not your traditional dish.A little pricier but you are in Vegas and it's a celebrity chef restaurant.Service was impeccable.I'd definitely recommend this anytime of the day.
4	Overall, we a had a great meal here. Loved the bread ( although it is not served warm), goat cheese app., salmon, and pork were all well liked and tasty. Good wine also! I like The location within Cesar's and it's a really lively place. I am taking a star off only because, they were changing the menu the next day so some things were out. Overall it's a good choice for dinner, but I'll try other places before I go back.
4	Normally, I'd order steak, but our waiter told us the signature dish was the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, so out of six people, 4 of us ordered the pork, and the other two had the rib-eye.When they brought out the dinners, I thouht they brought us steak in error.  The tenderloins were very thick cut, like a filet.  This was the best pork tenderloin I've had in my life!  Both guys that ordered the ribeye's tried the tenderloins and agreed.  They said their ribeyes were good, but in hindsight would have ordered the pork!The Sweet Potato Tamale that came with the tenderloin was a bit overcooked and dry, but still tasty.I'd give Mesa Grill 5 stars, but this was the one in Vegas.  I'm just not a fan of Vegas, but with all the celebrity chef places popping up, my point of view may change...
1	I was expecting a great dinning experience, but left hungry and unsatisfied. I choose a soup the waitress said was mild. I had to send it back bc it was to spicey. The bread basket was to spicy. The steak was ok. The side dish of corn was unappealing also. We had a party of 4 and only 1 person liked their dish. Very dissapointing
5	Went with 3 friends and shared a taste of 4 different dishes and several appetizers. We were all wowed by the experience. The appetizers were the real highlight: the shrimp tamale, chicken quesidilla, and chicken taco, and blue corn pancake were all one of a kind taste experiences with so many amazing flavors. The bread basket was also great with three unique flavorful varities. On to the entrees the Chile Relleno was admittedly forgettable. The New York Strip Steak was excellent quality but not uniquely flavored more than other excellent steaks at Morton's, etc so if you are going for the unique experience you should not just get the steak, though perhaps you can split it like we did. The Grouper and Cioppino were both excellent and the sauce in the latter was so good we were all dipping our bread in it at the end of the meal. I tried the Mashed Potatoes with white queso sauce and they were good too, but you can only do so much with mashed potatoes and the appetizers were better I think. We had a great dining experience here and so can you, just be sure to try a few different appetizers, share your entrees to get all the flavors, and trust the chefs with all the intriguing combinations offered on the menu. The margaritas and the service are great too and it was well worth the experience to go. I can't wait to go again and try more of the items on the menu, as everything was a new experience.
4	Spice rubbed pork tenderloin. Order it the way they say to and just savor the flavors. Really, just savor it! Chew, swallow, savor - doesn't get any easier than that.
2	Major disappointment! Atmosphere not great, filled with cigarette smoke and a view of the casino sports book area. Pricey, don't mind that so much if food was great, which it wasn't. Tamales (both shrimp appetizer and one with my pork tenderloin dinner) were so dry and crumbly  I could hardly scoop it up with a fork. Service was good, but all staff seemed uptight and not so friendly. I like spicy food very much, which is why I ordered the pork, but it was so spicy it burned my mouth even after water. In fact, I ended up with stomach pain. I found the heat to be very unpleasant. Food is not Mexican, it's not southwestern, it's Bobby flay style I guess. Too many crazy weird flavors all mixed up. I honestly don't know how this place says in business and why all the 4 stars!!!! We skipped dessert and went back to Bouchon and ended the evening on a good note.
1	Bobby, I know Todd Pletcher talked you into buying Her Smile for the Ky Oaks, but she's still winless for you after two starts.  Sorry, but after this most-disappointing meal, I can't help pay your feed bills again.We arrived early on a weekday and the place was fairly crowded.  We both ordered the Salmon--one medium-rare and one medium.  I was halfway through mine when I realized I was give the medium-rare one and not the medium I had ordered.  The waiter never bothered to check that one may have been cooked differently.  Wound up leaving the half of my undercooked fish because of it.  Suggest you talk to your servers about this type of mix-up.Mashed potatoes and the twice-baked were extremely disappointing.  The mashed were very watery with an afterthought of some type of chile sauce or something on top.  The puny and tasteless half-baked was just that and it looked like it came straight out of the microwave.  It actually looked a little forlorn.An appetizer (shrimp tamale) was OK, nothing special. Also  had two glasses of imported wine which was decent, as was the service, though that seemed rushed as times.Again, I was extremely disappointed with this meal and would not recommend Mesa Grill to anyone.  Maybe it was an off night, but you never get a second chance to make a good first impression with me, anyway.
4	We were looking for a place to have lunch and using my handy dandy yelp app we noticed that we were feet's away from Mesa Grill. We made an open table resie and found a table to gamble while we waited for lunch.Once seated we checked out the menu and since we weren't blown away by the appetizers we started with a yummy margarita. The drink was fabulous and a great start to our ladies lunch. I was torn between the Mesa Burger and the grilled swordfish club. After talking to our server he highly recommended trying the burger since it was my first time at Mesa Grill.My burger was tasty but nothing amazing, the southwestern fries on the other hand were a mouth-watering surprise to my meal. Then came dessert, I was torn between the deep dish banana cream pie and the toasted coconut layer cake. We ended up sharing the banana cream pie, the hazelnut Brittle made the entire dessert come together and I proudly licked my spoon clean.Service was fantastic; our server was knowledgeable and had helpful tips for our Vegas vacation throughout our lunch. All in all I can't wait to come back and try the dinner menu.
4	I really like this place....the food, ambience and service is great....Make sure u have a reservation and dont forget to have the upside down mango cake......It is absolutely divine.....I should add this.... we went there at 3. 15 , well beyond lunch hour but the staff were very helpful and we still got our food....i had the asparagus salad and chile rellino and my partner had spicy chicken.....I do think they should add another veggie entree....But what i had was gooood.....Also, most other places would have refused service...not this place......I do appreciate what the staff did for us ...Also, we did not have a reservation...However, i do recommend a reservationThe reason i gave this place 4 and not 5 stars even though i badly wanted to was for the lack of veggie entree options.....hope ur reading this Bobby Flay
2	Overpriced for the quality and proportions you receive.  The New York Strip was fatty yet leather tough, overcooked, and with only a slight salty flavor - nothing I couldn't do at home.  The spicy chicken was average but was cooked well.  The blue corn pancake with barbecue duck was so  drowned in barbecue sauce I could not taste anything or enjoy the duck.  Also the pancake was paper thin and technically a crepe.  The sides were small, and the mashed potatoes were.....well, just plain mashed potatoes - nothing special.The service was average.  The restaurant is right off the casino so be prepared to smell plenty of cigarette smoke as you try to enjoy your meal.   And, the tables are way too close for any sense of intimacy - be prepared to hear every word the adjacent table discusses and be prepared for them to hear your conversation as well.Lastly, the desserts were great - otherwise this would have been a one star review.  Kudos to the pastry chef.  For the restaurant as a whole though: Celebrity Chef - no so celebrity restaurant.
3	I was really looking forward to eating here because I'm a big fan of Bobby Flay. We went for lunch and the brunch menu was being served, with a few lunch dishes. My husband took the shrimp taco special, and I took a grilled chicken salad. We split the plates, so we could have a little of both. I had a peach margarita - AWESOME, and my husband had the "Perfect Margarita" - also AWESOME. My salad was so salty. It was lightly dressed with a vinaigrette, but it was sprinkled with sea salt, so when I took a bite, I got salty, crunchy bits - not good. The chicken for the salad was over seasoned, as was the shrimp. The sauces that came with the shrimp were excellent. I'm bummed because I expected a better meal. Luckily the good drinks helped the saltiness go down. But, I won't be eating here again.
4	Famous chef, high expectations.  Few options on the menu but what you get is always good (and you expect the fewer the choices the closer to perfection...and you would be correct).  The service was good, the food was cooked to perfection (the salmon and even the chicken were moist and full of flavor).  You need reservations or you will be waiting a while (it's Vegas).  Pricy but worth it
5	Since so many reviews I'll keep this one short.  MY REIVEW IS JUST ABOUT THE FOOD. THE FOOD IS 5 STAR. I am ignoring things like location and atmosphere since when in Vegas you have to give up on all of that anyway.  At least that's my experience (I'm not a Vegas fan) If an opportunity to go to Vegas comes up I usually accept it so I can go eat at Mesa Grill again. I love it that much. It's my favorite place to eat in Vegas BY MILES. Even the bread is amazing and makes me cry. One dish that has blown me away every time is the Shrimp Tamale appetizer. I usually share this then irritated because I should have ordered it all for me. It's so good I think about  from time to time then have this longing inside...like the longing I had for certain men in my 20's and 30's. Ha! Pork Tenderloin is a must for me as well.   I'm sure everyone out there knows this by now (but if not) Pork Tenderloin is leaner than chicken breast. Yes, that's right, it's diet food. My only compaint from last week was the pork was undercooked. They did not ask how we wanted it cooked and I didn't think to request it as I thought Pork was 'well done' by default? I guess that's not true anymore, so next time I'll be sure to request well done. This is the first time I didn't clear my plate.  But then I asked for more bread and started to cry again.The food at MESA GRILL is FANTASTIC!  I wish Bobby would open a Mesa Grill here in Orange County.
4	After a bit of a hiatus, I am going to finally complete my unfinished review.  Too much traveling, eating, and drinking has kept me away.  My queue of pending reviews is overwhelming now, but one review at a time...Mesa Grill is the perfect place for a delicious dinner in LV.  Both times I have dined at Mesa Grill l I have left happy and full.  Ambiance:Nice, but not stuffy.  Bright color scheme matches the lively and upbeat atmosphere.  Service:Excellent.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly, while still maintaining the upscale, professional, vibe.  Food:Full of great flavors and textures.  Tiger shrimp w/ roasted garlic:My favorite item on the menu thus far.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly; they were tender and juicy, yet gave a little pop when you bit into them.  The garlic cream sauce was smooth and mild and just delicious with the delicate shrimp.Goat cheese queso fundido:Goat cheese served bubbling in cast iron, need I say more?Green chili cioppino:The flavor of the broth was fresh and the scallion butter just made the dish that much more rich and luxurious.
3	Bobby Flay has a reputation for being a grilling master.  I mean, even his famous restaurant in Las Vegas is called Mesa GRILL.However, my Mesa Burger just didn't have that awesome grilling taste that one would expect.  A properly grilled burger should have been more charred from the high heat of the flame.My burger tasted like any typical burger from an ordinary restaurant.  Nothing really stood out.Also, the service here was not good.  We had to repeatedly ask for the same request over and over again.  It really wasn't that busy, so I don't understand why the waiter couldn't get the request right from the first time.The bread basket was good here though.  It had that heat that one expect from a Southwestern cuisine.ETA - We went there during the weekend lunch (brunch), so they didn't have the classic entree like the Rib Eye.  Maybe the dinner menu would have tasted better, but since we couldn't make it for dinner we had to settle for what was on the lunch menu.  Nevertheless, they have the proper equipment and the knowledgeable technique so the burger should have tasted better.Overall, I love Caesars Palace and respect Bobby Flay, I just didn't love Mesa Grill.  It was just an average type of place.
3	After reading all the reviews and hearing nothing but good things about this place a friend and I decided to check it out and see what all the fuss was about.  Overall the food was decent but nothing really amazing, although the tamale that came with the meal was out of this world.  But to have something like a tamale be the thing that I remember the most is a bit disappointing.  While the pork tenderloin was good, it wasn't super special, or at least to me it wasn't.  Maybe because I am not a huge fan of pork in general but I expected more from it because of all the reviews about how amazing it was.  The filet was decent as well but not too memorable either.  Overall if you have the money to spend this place is worth a shot, you make enjoy it better than I did.
5	Have you ever seen that episode of South Park where Randy becomes obsessed with the Food Network? That's me. Naturally, I jumped at the opportunity to eat at Mesa Grill when I recently traveled to Las Vegas. I felt as though by eating at Bobby Flay's restaurant so much of his cooking talent would rub off on me that I would instantly become the next Iron Chef.The meal starts off with a basket of bread: a southwestern corn muffin, cheddar jalapeno bread, and cranberry walnut bread. ALL AMAZING. While the muffin fell apart pretty easily, the incredible flavor of the sweet corn with the chiles baked into the bread was unbelievably satisfying. The walnut bread was by far the best, however.I started my meal with the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido. Forget EVERYTHING YOU EVER THOUGHT YOU KNEW ABOUT QUESO. I feel like after tasting this, no queso will ever quite satisfy me again. The queso is served in a mini cast-iron casserole dish (which I am determined to find and buy and cook with all the time), bubbling and gooey and cheesy and just all-around wonderful. It's topped with red peppers, and green peppers, and onions (my three favorite veggies) and served with blue corn tortilla chip strips. Unbelievable.For my main course, I got the Yucatan Chicken Tacos. The ONLY downside to my meal was that I only got three tacos, and I could have easily eaten six. Not only are they tiny, but they are incredibly delicious. The chicken is perfectly seasoned and then grilled (of course, it's Bobby Flay!). Instead of the normal taco-style lettuce, the tacos are served with cilantro and mint. Grilled red onions are also served on the side, and three flour tortillas, which tasted just like what I assume my Mexican grandmother's tortillas would taste like (if I had a Mexican grandmother...). Top it all off with a little of the chile-peanut BBQ sauce, and you've got the best chicken tacos I've ever had. It's a do-it-yourself dish that requires you to build the tacos yourself, but that madeit even more awesome, because then I felt like I was cooking with Bobby Flay (don't judge me...).I did not have the dessert, because I ran out of money :( I could only assume that had I tried the dessert, I would have never wanted to leave.Bobby Flay, you are a GOD.
4	Having grown up with basic cable, I never heard of Bobby Flay until my cousin suggested we try eating at Mesa Grill. The first time we went, we tried unsuccessfully at getting a table. The dinner wait can go up towards an hour, so plan accordingly. The second time we went, we strategically chose to come during lunch time and there was no wait at all. SUCCESS!!!PROS:- Shrimp and corn tamale - best freaking tamale ever. You HAVE to order this.- Complimentary bread basket -  southwest corn muffin, jalapeno and cheese bread, and cranberry and walnut bread. Everything was delicious.- Ambiance and decor - that wood panel ceiling is incredible.- Service: attentive, kept our water and bread basket refilled. CONS:- They make you take your hat off! It felt a little intrusive, but I guess Mesa Grill is a nice enough place, where they can request such things. - Depending on what you order, the food can be SO HEAVY, my cousin and I were in a food coma for HOURS, and we only shared an appetizer and entree. - Spicy chicken and sweet potato hash - more an appetizer to be shared than an entree on its own. I got tired of it towards the very end of sharing, so I couldn't imagine having it all for myself.
2	Prior to dining here what I've known about Bobby Flay:*D-bag that "raised the roof yo!" while standing on a cutting board in kitchen stadium in the episode he lost to Iron Chef Morimoto*Dude that always adds chiliquiles, poblano peppers, mango chutney, etc. to whatever dish he makes on Food Network*Guy that loses 90% of his Throwdown battles on food network for adding chiliquiles, poblano peppers, mango chutney, etc. to the dishes he makes in ThrowdownSo yea the only reason I went here was b/c my friends wanted to eat here while we were in Vegas. I actually wanted to like this place & judging from the yelp reviews I thought..maybe it won't be so bad! Ugh..I was not impressed. For starters we ordered Sophie's Chopped Salad & the "Queso Fundido." Sorry Sophie, but I think I could have made a better salad it was just a bunch of beans w/ pieces of lettuce & tortilla chips thrown in. The queso was served in a little skillet & was piping hot..but not in a good way more like it had been nuked in the microwave & had a layer of oil on top...no bueno. I wasn't really in the mood for meat so I ordered the Mango spice tuna steak..since I'm allergic to nuts I asked the server not to put pine nuts in the cous cous. I really didn't care too much for the tuna steak..it had way too many peppercorns. The bf had the grouper & didn't really care much for it either. I think the only thing I liked was the margarita I ordered. So yea when I think of Mesa grill, I think of a bourgeosie Chili's or Chevy's where you're likely to find mango chutney or ancho chile sauce on the menu & where you can expect to spend over $100 on sub par Tex Mex food.
5	Bobby Flay certainly has grilling down. I've been here three times (the last two within two months apart). As each visit progressed, it gradually became a better dining experience. My first time there, I was just not enthusiastic about it as I am now. But with my most recent experience, Mesa Grill definitely deserves 5 stars!The first time, I had their coffee rubbed filet mignon. It sounds more interesting than it tastes. As in, it was kind of bland. I know you're not supposed to ask for sauce with your steak (and trust me- I don't like sauce with my steak) but I was seriously contemplating taking my steak back to my hotel room so I may secretly add A1 sauce. The second time around, I ordered the snapper. My opinion of the place went up significantly. Not because of the snapper, but because I had a bite out of my sister's rib eye!!! BOY OH BOY! It was like melted gold on my tongue. This piece of cow melted in my mouth and slithered its own way all the way down my tummy. There it lay so happily until digestion took its course and brought it out to reality. My last experience here was just short of two nights ago. I went with my Human Garbage Disposal. He was very excited to try Mesa Grill because he is a fan of Bobby Flay and I was enthusing about the infamous melt in your mouth rib eye. I ordered another fish- the grouper. Our food arrived, I looked at the huge rib-eye enviously and looked at my petite grouper. Whatever right? As soon as I took a bite out of the grouper, I pretty much dismissed all theatrics of the rib-eye and deemed the grouper the best dish I could ask for from Mesa Grill. So flavorful, so colorful, so tasty! And maybe it was my imagination, but the rib eye that I stole a bite from did not melt in my mouth. Dear grouper fish, never become extinct. And may Bobby Flay's minion chefs continue cooking you. The end.
1	I think Bobby Flay gave me food poisoning...or at least his Mesa Grill did during a recent lunch.  This one-star review is because I became terribly ill after eating here.  I'm going to contact the restaurant, but haven't yet as we just got back.I had the "Spicy Chicken, Sweet Potato Hash with poached eggs, green chile hollandaise".  It was decent but not exceptional. The waiter said it was the spiciest thing on the menu, but it didn't seem spicy to me at all.  I'm wondering if the poached eggs is what made me ill.  My cousin had the burger, and she liked it.  My husband had...well, I forget.  Anyway, I was very disappointed by my experience here.  I had looked forward to having lunch at Mesa Grill, and being sick for nearly two days because of a meal was not a rewarding experience.  I can't think of anything other than food poisoning given my symptoms, which I'll spare you.
1	Went with a group of friends.  We're on a celebrity chef kick and were looking forward to trying Bobby Flay's food.  Also, been wanting to trying it as I wanted to take my mom who I suspect is in love with Bobby Flay.#1, even with reservations, you cannot be seated unless your whole party is there.  We were never instructed/given the suggestion of having drinks at the bar.  Though bar was quite crowded anyway.  The result was a very number of us, maybe 20 or so, standing in the reception area.  A bit of a crowd and much jostling about as people were coming and going and waiters/waitresses were trying to pass by.Wait staff seated us and gave menus promptly.  No specials mentioned and they seemed frazzled, Sunday night over Memorial Day.  Had the cactus pear margarita.  Very good.  Had asked if bartender could make a jalapeno mojito but apparently he didn't know how (don't have a fancy smartphone to google recipe?).  Bartender was kind enough to get us the recipe for the drink though.  Wait staff continued to underimpress us as a fine dining experience but were adequate if we pretended we were at Outbacks.So the night before we watched a rerun of best things I ever ate Vegas.  Mentioned was the shrimp tamale.  Wow, it certainly was pretty mediocre.  Sauce and shrimp was cooked well but that was one dry tamale.  We ate the shrimp and left the rest of tamale.  Also had the duck tacos.  The duck was a bit overcooked but the sauce was good.Onto food, pork tenderloin was tasty, chicken was dry and husband's rib eye steak was mediocre.  I ordered the tuna steak.  I ordered it rare and it came out medium well, there was a light pink center with canned tuna tasting outer layer.  Promptly sent back.  They redid and it was OK but it was obvious the grill master did not have the grill high enough for sufficient crisping of the outer layer. We ordered some corn tamales and corn pudding.  The tamale went mostly uneaten after the first bite and the corn pudding was salty.  We were so disappointed we decided to head elsewhere for dessert.  Total bill was $450+tip for 4 people and drinks.  Having eaten at Rick Bayless's restaurant Topo in Chicago, the difference between having the chef on site vs only their name plastered on the door is remarkable.  On a Wed, Bayless was there with a stained apron, sweating away in the kitchen.  It's been 2 years and I still remember that remarkable restaurant.  I will remember this restaurant only in terms of it's disappointments.  All hype and no substance.  May try his flagship in NYC, hopefully will be better but not much inspired to do so after this flop.
5	Mesa Grill is awesome! This was my first experience eating Bobby Flay's food and it was exactly as awesome as I expected it to be. The menu was extremely creative and I wanted to order one of everything! The food I did order (Roasted Corn Soup and Grilled Swordfish Club) was perfect; no room for improvement. My cocktail: the white peach margarita was also amazing. In addition to the outstanding food, the decor was appealing and the service was excellent. I can't wait to visit again!
3	Had brunch at Mesa when we arrived for this past memorial day weekend. All in all it was a good experience. I was a little disappointed with the food but I ordered the tuna nachos and it wasn't as fresh as I expected. I should of gone with the blue corn waffle with bourbon maple syrup. It was my second choice but should have been my 1st. My fiance and friends all had the kobe burger and loved them. I will say that I did have one of the best margaritas ever and I forgot what it was called. It was awesome though. I would go back just for it.
4	Finally can try Bobby Flay's restaurant last week. Food  was same as what I expected but the reason I only give 4 star was because they were a bit overprice.
3	We went here for lunch with my daughter and my 10 year old  grandson. My daughter is a huge fan of Bobby Flay and really wanted to eat here while vacationing in Las Vegas.  Okay, so we get there and are greeted with friendly staff and were seated right away.  Looking over the menu we realize it's not exactly kid-friendly. (our mistake for not checking ahead of time). I also notice it's a bit priciey but we are on a budget so we forgo the appetizers..She and I both order lunch on the lower end of the menu. I order the Mesa Burger and she ordered the New Mexican Spiced Tenderloin sandwich.  Trying to decide what to order for her son, the waiter suggested a sirloin steak that was not on the menu.  So we order the sirloin.  (my daughter does ask how much it was but I guess he didn't hear her and she didn't repeat herself. ) My daughter also wanted one of Bobby Flay's signed cookbooks so we added that to our order.  I get the check and almost fall out of my chair!  The steak for my 10 year old grandson was about $48.00 and no, Bobby Flay didn't cook it himself.  (I would pay extra for that and eat it myself) Ok, so I pay the bill and ditch the book. I was upset that the waiter didn't mention that the steak was as much as it was.  He knew it was for a kid! I took it out on his tip.  I really think he should have said something.  Food was good, actually, food was fantastic but soooo not happy with waiter.
2	Went to Mesa Grill because mom is always raving about it, she eats there everytime she in Vegas. Decided to have lunch because I just wasn't to hip to The whole southwestern vibe. Seated very promptly and approached by waiter. He gave us the whole Bobby Flay-Food Network intro. Directed us to anfew appetizers - as seen on the food network - so we ordered blue corn pancake and shrimp tamale. Pancake was ok- sauce was much too sweet and tamale was lacking any serious flavor. Meanwhile our waiter wouldn't leave us alone, it seemed like every bite he was asking is how it was. Seriously, let me eat in peace. Then we heard him give the exact same opening speech to the table right next to us.Drinks were good as was the chile relleno but not at the prices we paid. Overall it was a so-so experience and I'm glad I didn't go for dinner. Sorry mom.
1	I have been wanting to go to Mesa Grill for years. I talked my husband and friends into going to the Vegas location last week. What a disappointment. Appetizers were the best part (fundido and tamale). Main courses were not good. Fatty and chewy steak for steak tacos. Cold sweet potato hash under my eggs Benedict. Cold fries with the burger.when spoke with the waiter about our issues and could we speak to the manager he said that's not how things worked and he would speak to the chef directly. It also would have been nice if the waiter told us we had to pay for water. Sorry to say I will not recommend this restaurant nor will I rush to any other of Bobby Flays restaurants.
5	Very good food at an awesome price.  Very creative menu featuring southwestern flavors in your casual menu offerings.  The tuna nachos and mushroom quesadilla were wonderful appetizers.  The chile burger and pork sandwiches were exceptional. All in all a wonderful lunch experience.
4	During my recent trip to Vegas, we made a point to stop at three restaurants including Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. I had the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin and it was worth every penny. The flavor was outstanding and the pork tenderloin was tender. The sweet potato tamale with crush pecan butter was a perfect side for the tenderloin. The portion sizes were also good. I was satisfied and a little full when we left the restaurant. A couple of notes:1) Reservations are NECESSARY at this restaurant. We made the mistake of showing up for dinner at 7:30pm on a Tuesday night, only to find out that we would have to wait until 10:30pm for a seat! So we had to make a reservation for the following night, which threw off our agenda a little. Just be sure to make your reservation at least a day ahead, and they will secure it with a credit card.2) if you want to have dessert, you may want to skip the assorted bread basket that they bring out before your entree arrives. It's hard to resist, but you won't have room for dessert if you eat the breads. They are filling.
1	One Star for the service....We didn't dine here.... Read on: We decided to go to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill to celebrate my wife's birthday. I've dined and lunched there many times with excellent experiences with both dining and service....except this time. Using the contact number on the MG website, I called to make reservations for a Wednesday dinner. Once connected, the operator connects me to the restaurant and I request to make reservations for two at 630pm for the following evening. I am now directed to another operator (not Mesa Grill's maybe hotel?) starts with the "interview": Are you a hotel guest, do you have a Rewards card, blah, blah, blah. Then the operator asks for my address and Credit Card number!!!! I was informed that I would be charged $50 if I was late or absent for my reservation. When I asked "what is late?", the operator's response was," if you do not show up at 6pm and they give away your table- one minute or 20 minutes late." Are you f*cking kidding me? Before I had to submit my W2 form and personal references, I declined to continue with the reservation process. Again, I've dined here so many times and enjoyed every visit but this was enough. Mesa Grill is awesome for the food, but this "leave a deposit for your reservation" is ridiculous. We dined at another celebrity chef's restaurant without the hassle. Thanks, Bobby, Caesar's LV, and/or Harrah's Entertainment for screwing up the initial contact process for your Diners.
5	We tried to get a table one night -- Wednesday, thinking this would be a slow night -- but couldn't get one until 7:30, which is just too late for us.  The hostesses were very nice about it but could not yield to our disappointment no matter how sad and pathetic a face I was wearing.  She gave us a card wtih their phone number and a sugggestion to call in the morning for a reservation.  We didn't because we weren't sure we'd be available.  Several days later we stopped in for lunch and were prompltly seated in what we thought was a "good" table.  YAY!The waiter was tall, good-looking, impeccably professional, and friendly.  I've heard some people express concern about bringing kids to MESA... and we brought two of them.  He really knew how to take care of us and how to effectively take care of our kids.  (I think he mentioned having 6 of his own, incluing a couple the same ages as ours.)Lunch was fantastic and commensurate with the price.  We had a Bobby Flay Burger, Ancho-crusted scallop salad, Cornmeal crusted chile relleno, and the youngest child had the Crimini mushroom quesedilla.  As an appetizer we shared a Goat cheese queso fundido.  All was great and well within the palate of even our 8 year old.All of our plates were picked up by the bus boy empty... practically licked clean.Having never had Flay food before, I had a ntoion of what it might be like only from watching Chef Flay on the innumberable TV shows he is on.  His food lived up to that expectation:  fresh, high-quality, punchy flavors, cooked perfectly, and plating that was both clean and pretty.  Like most tourists we photographed our food... no matter how goofy that may have looked.One of the best parts of the experience was the way we were allowed to enjoy the experience without a hint of either slowness or rushing.  If we needed anything there was someone immediately available to help.  When we were eating and talking, we were left alone to have our privacy.All-in-all, this was definitely one of those "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" experiences.  We're glad we did it and we'll certainly do it again!
4	Unlike everyone else, I actually had no idea this was Bobby Flay's restaurant until I got there. Had I known of the Food Network association beforehand I would have worried about things like over-priced, over-hyped mediocre food that plagues many "famous" Las Vegas establishments. Having said that, this meal was a solid 4 stars. We had the Smoked Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla for an appetizer (although our server really tried to push the Tiger Shrimp on us... maybe next time) which was good, although I would have preferred the flour tortillas a little less burnt. For the main course I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and it was phenomenal. I ordered the pork medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. The dish itself was a little too spicy for my tastes, but I can definitely still appreciate it. The main attraction for me was the Sixteen Spice Chicken which my boyfriend got. This was hands down the best chicken I have ever had in my entire life. I don't really know what else to say besides that. The entrees really brought up my opinion of this restaurant. I will say the margaritas were just decent - the white peach was my favorite, and the house was way, way too sweet. Skipped dessert too as nothing really looked good to me (and I never skip dessert), but then again I'm not usually a fan of Mexican inspired sweets so that's definitely not Mesa's fault. And at ~$100/person, we didn't need dessert anyway.
4	Tuna Nachos are great! Tuna is very fresh and tender. I got the White Peach Margarita and it has the right sweetness. I also had the grill asparagus salad and it was very flavorful. For my main course I had a coffee crusted Filet Mignon. It was very tender and spicy. The whole meal was very great and I was so full that I did not try any dessert. The atmosphere is very nice and open so you can see out to the mall area. I loved the colors in the dining area. I wasn't too crazy with the cow skin backs for the chairs, but that doesn't make me not want to go back.
3	Dinner here was just ok....service was outstanding, appetizer was delicious (Quesadillas)However for the main course I had the 22 0z steak, wasn't impressed it was boring.
5	We went back to Mesa Grill on 7/3/11 and 7/6/11 for lunch. Mesa just keeps getting better and better! Try the Yucatan Chicken Tacos and the coconut cake for dessert. The tuna appetizer is wonderful too. The pomegranate martini is great as well!
3	Went to Mesa Grill for lunch on Monday.We ordered:BLUE CORN PANCAKE---duck wrapped in crepe...was okayBarbecued Duck+ Habanero Chile - Star Anise Sauce 13.ROUGH CUT TUNA "NACHOS"Mango - Habanero Hot Sauce + Avocado Crema 16.MESA BURGER---this was very deliciousDouble Cheddar CheeseGrilled Vidalia Onion + Horseradish Mustardserved with Southwestern Fries 16.GRILLED SWORDFISH CLUB----on the dry sideBacon, Avocado, Tomato, ArugulaChipotle Aioli + Southwestern Fries 16.Margarita---the waiter raved about their margarita, but it was nothing special.For a good burger I would recommend this place....the rest is up to you.
1	I have been a fan of Bobby Flay for a long time and was really excited to try this place out. I was with two of my friends from Australia and wanted to show them a bit of southwest cuisine. Coming from Arizona, I have very high expectations on southwest food. We decided to go for lunch, since reading the review that dinner is busier. The atmosphere was pretty laid back, all the customers where in shorts and flip flops. So It was strange to me that the hostess told one of my friends to remove their hat because they had a strict dress code (uh everyone is in shorts and flip flops???)  I knew exactly what I wanted (from reading yelp reviews) but decided to test the waiter. I asked him what he would recommend. He then proceeded to tell me "everything" ...OK seriously, what would you recommend? He then pointed to some fish thing and said "this looks good" Test failed!!! My two Australian friends ordered the shrimp and chicken tacos. I decided to order the pork sandwich. The waiter told me that this is a cold sandwich with warm bread. Me: "Uh can you throw it in the oven or something" him: "No"- I decided to give it a shot, why not Bobby Flay should know what he is doing. The waiter was extremely prompt about refilling our waters, maybe a little to eager, every time I took a drink he refilled. The bread basket came out and me being a carbholic I was so excited for the bread. I tried the Jalapeno one first and thought it was OK. Tasted like something I could get at my local grocery store bakery. I then tried the "famous" blue corn. It was super fragile I lifted it and it fell apart in my hand. The piece I did get was mushy and looked undercooked. I did not finish the rest. My Australian friends took a bite and said it tasted funny. The food was so disappointing!! The shrimp tacos came out with literally 3 pieces of shrimp and two small tortillas. Uh where the heck is the rest of the food! Same with the chicken tacos. My two Friends ate them in a matter of minutes. My pork sandwich was considerably bigger. But was so weird being that it was cold pulled pork with pieces of fat. Pork fat cold is not tasty at all. I will give them this- the Mexican fries it came with were tasty- but anyone can throw cilantro on some fries and get the same thing. I was so disappointed and not to mention my friends were hungry 5 min after we left the restaurant. For being such a big name Bobby Flay needs to reconnect with the local level cuisine. Come to Arizona and experience what real southwest cuisine taste like. If you want mediocre southwest cuisine go to Mesa Grill - other wise save your money and try a different restaurant. PS I am no longer a fan of Bobby Flay!!!!!
4	Really amazing food at Caesars Palace.  The tiger shrimp tamale were amazing.  I liked the complimentary bread selection.  Amazing!  Pork tenderloin sandwich was smokey and delicious.  Check out what else I ate by visiting my blog.http://www.dinedelish.com/2011/07/15/mesa-grill/Thanks,Dine Delish
3	Cool place- easy location, not the best food for the dollar...
5	My review is simply based on our overall experience and I know that not everyone enjoyed the same love. I can definitely understand how others came up with 3.5 or 4 star review.We have been watching Bobby on the food network forever and I have been to Mesa grill in New York, but wasn't exactly blown away. The "Vegas Experience" far exceeded our expectations. The vibe is cool, it's very laid back and not nearly as stuffy as many of the high end restaurants in Vegas. You can walk in there wearing jeans and a t shirt (as I did b/c I left my freshly pressed collared shirt in the rental car) without a smug or dirty look from the host/hostess. The Food:Bread (off the hook, give me more please)Freshly baked varieties including  an amazing raisin bread, sourdough with cheddar and jalapeno and a freshly baked soft and moist corn muffinRoasted Corn SoupExcellent smoky, roasted corn flavors, very light and well seasoned. Excellent start to the eveningBBQ Duck Blue Corn PancakeLots of duck in this bad boy. Duck was very tender, well seasoned and the blue corn pancake, although a bit soggy, was a nice touch.Fire Roasted Veal ChopThe most delicious, succulent, tender chop of veal I have EVER tasted. Topped with a spicy sauce that was truly incredible and a perfect balance of sweet, spicy and tartNew Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork TenderloinGF ordered this one and she asked for it well done. I know, I know, I tried to help her understand that medium or medium rare pork is not a good idea, unless you are visiting a fine dining establishment such as this one. Despite the fact that it was well done (and cooked perfectly considering the fauz pas) this dish was killer! It was tender, spicy, sweet contrast and just delicious, served with a tangy and spicy BBQ sauce that was an excellent compliment to the dish. Coconut CakeThis cake is moist, soft, spongy and amazing! As many non coconut fans are thinking (I hate coconut) not to worry. It's the freshest combination of coconut flavor and sweetness, with an piping hot (luke warm) cup of coffee, makes for the perfect dessert. Had I not given up drinking years ago, I would have enjoyed a glass of Port with this dessert and it would have been the perfect yin to this sweet and tasty yang. Our waiter and the entire wait staff went out of their way to make us feel at home, to make our date night/pre show experience very special.I honestly hope that those of you reading this are treated in the same exact manner we were b/c the experience was sensational and definitely wallet friendly, considering where you are in the world of celebrity cheftastic restaurants.
5	Want good Southwestern food with a New York accent? Messa Grill is your place to go. Bobby Flay doesn't cook conventionally but cooks regular dishes with a super yummy flavor. I had the Mesa Burger and I now declare it my favorite restaurant burger after In N Out. My husband had the Shrimp Tacos and was pleasantly surprised at the amazing cole slaw that came with it. You've got to try this place out.
4	We had to try one of Bobby Flay's restaurants named MESA GRILL.  Excellent, Quality food!  Let me just say, I was SATISFIED and HAPPY!FOOD ORDERED (all recommended by waiter) Great Choices!:Drinks: Mexican Beer and Peach Mojito (forgot the names)Appetizer: Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn TamaleEntree: Black Angus New York Strip Steak and New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin - all cooked to perfectionSide: Roasted Corn with Chipotle Aioli, Lime, & Cojito - creamy and ok.-sorry, we were too stuffed for dessert!ENVIRONMENT:Low lighting, contemporary tex-mex design. Located in Caesars Palace Hotel. SERVICE: Great food suggestions from waiter. Fast and quick service.TIP: Make a reservation.  There was a long line after 5:30pm.
3	I think I mis-ordered.  Came here for Brunch on Saturday.  Loved the ambience, felt it was hip and cool.  Seated immediately without reservations.  I got the chilaquiles and my friend got the burger.  The burger looked juicy but it was undercooked (pink inside, he asked for well done).  My chilaquiles were extremely disappointing.  The flavor was too tangy and there was just a small bit of scrambled eggs and about 4 small crunchy tortillas.  The sauces were just ok, I've had killer chilaquiles from other restaurants.  The margarita was really delicious, though, I'd come back to try their steak which I heard was really tasty.
4	You definitely have plenty of choices to dine at while in Vegas but if you're looking for something solid, you should start walking directly to Ceasar's Palace towards Mesa Grill. You'll enter a contemporary tex-mex restaraunt that boasts vivid colors which will quickly excite you for what your about to view - the menu. If you're a first-timer, you'll want to know that the menu doesn't entirely describe the dishes....but don't despair! The wait staff is super friendly and will point out some of the customer favorites and of course, their special of the day. We went for brunch, and boy, did they have a nice selection. Debating between many of the dishes, the choices finally came down to the Goat Cheese "Queso Fondido" and the Yucatan style grouper. While we were waiting for our food, we were brought some brunchy type breads...and by brunchy type, it's not your typical breads that you would get, but we got a chocolate chip coffee cake, jalapeno corn bread and a cranberry scone. Yum!! Next, we received the Goat Cheese "Queso Fondido" which was the perfect blend of creamy cheeses, topped with roasted peppers and served along side of some blue corn tortilla strips. The right size to split between a few people too. Finally, the long and awaited Yucatan Style Grouper, it was a citrus flavored grouper which was grilled (of course), atop a blue crab succotash with fava beans and corn. Somehow I can still taste the chives in the succotash tying the whole dish together. I'll be coming back....I'm already planning my next order for my return :)
4	First I am a celebrity chef fiend. I look for and find all these places they operate/own/are affiliated with and dont stop bugging till my bf takes me. Mesa Grill was close to the top of that list and finally this year we went. Reservations are very necessary for dinner. It gets packed. Prices are well a little ridonkulous but expected. Their margaritas are strong and good not overpowering and pink! (well some are anyway, at least the one I got was) We gorged on the bread basket, blue corn jalapeno something and raisin bread and just a bunch of yummy stuff. Well here comes the four stars...it's just my personal taste...I love Bobby, I thought the food was good but the entree selection (like at most of these celebrity chef places) was limited and typically that's fine but I guess none of the proteins stood out terribly and I really wasnt in the mood to pay over 30 bucks for bbq chicken. I'm not a fan of bbq, some other sauce maybe? more poultry selections and less selections of steak by the ounce would have been nice. You can have great steak anywhere I wanted signature stuff. Well as I mentioned earlier we piggies made the mistake of eating all the bread and when we saw the entrees were limited to like 6 choices other than the 3 sizes of steak we decided to order two apps each and try a bunch of different things. We asked the waiter a whole bunch of questions and let him steer us in the right direction. We ended up getting the two different quesadillas (chicken and black bean and the wild mushroom one) but we both got our own tiger shrimp and garlic tamale. We weren't in the sharing mood. Big mistake! It was soooo much food! Four appetizers for two ppl and two drinks was more than enough food, plus the bread basket...we couldnt even consider dessert (which makes me sad :( i love dessert but i was about to explode). The quesadillas weren't huge but they were a good portion I couldnt finish a whole mushroom one b/c it was very rich (cheesy) but sooo freaking good with the mix of cheeses fontina  I think and cotija and this basil/cilantro green chili concoction over the whole thing AND AND a big ass fried egg with a slightly runny yolk that tied the whole thing together. Wow.  Amazing.  My bf's chicken one was really good too but very different less rich and had a great chipotle chili sauce (very mild). I couldnt decide which I liked better though I think you could get through more of the chicken/black bean one b/c it wasn't as rich. The shrimp tamale.....was.....like my aunt's if she were to make tamales out of shrimp. Yes that means it tastes like food my family could make but that's a good thing. And I'm only referring to the corn meal part of the tamale. It was flavored beautifully not overly lard-y which always happens at southwest places eww. But the shrimp sauce that was 5 star chef stuff all the way. Again after attempting to tackle the entire quesadilla (got through 3/4!) eating the whole tamale was not gonna happen but I made a valiant effort. In the end we were left very satisfied, aka full and with 4 apps and two cactus (prickly pear) margaritas plus tax and tip we paid about 115....ya it was a special dinner and it was Bobby Flay's place...otherwise ya 4 apps..100 bucks!...ok well 25 of it is two drink but still! you get the point. But you gotta try this place!
5	My last meal on earth will be the Rib eye!I was a bit tired of Bobby Flay and had lost passion for his food and shows and I guess seeing him on the tele all the time is a bit overwhelming. Well this boy has got me on his side again! Absolutely delicious! My friend Miriam got the pork which was super amazing! Other than the hostess asking me to remove my baseball hat it was fine. Also if we can afford to eat there and it is in the middle of a casino, don't ever tell me how to dress. Excellent food.
3	Located in Caesars - I was expecting a lot more from Mr. Flay & his establishment. Ambiance was pretty good Customer Service from the time we walked in ticked me off. No need to have their nose up in the air with folks in town for a conference. So that was my initial impression. The Host was very crude upon us entering the restaurant with a laptop case & INSISTED, we couldn't take it to the dining room. Which is totally fine, but no need to bite our heads off. Just tell us where to put it! Our server must have been new or just a chatter box, but it took him about 10+ mins to go through the menu (which isn't very big in the first place) ps. Have a mint! Food: Corn Soup was darn good (my co-worker ordered that). I had the grilled Asparagus salad which was nice & refreshing. For my meal i had the tiger shrimp tamale. I gotta say, A+! sooo yummy! the tamale itself was perfectly made, the taste was very light & the fresh corn--YUM! Ohh the fries - another great treat. Dessert - Coconut cake - HOLY MOLY, light, fresh, not tooo sweet, but just darn good! Overall food was good...service was lackluster
4	The food was delicious.  There was a table of four of us and everyone enjoyed their food.  The crispy bacon and potato quesadilla was soooo yummy.  I really wish I could have that for brunch every weekend.  Atmosphere and decor were nice.  Service was great.  The only reason why I'm giving four stars is because... After the waiter brought out a dish of sugar packets, we found an empty one in there that had obviously been torn open and used by another customer and stuffed back into the dish.  Yes, it could have easily been looked over, but it just shows a little carelessness when checking over their things.
5	First time trying one of Bobby Flay's restaurants and it did not disappoint!The order: Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale (appetizer)Fire Roasted Veal Chop (main course for me)22 oz Bone in Chipotle Glazed Rib eye (main course for the boyfriend)We started on our appetizers with high expectations for it, being that it was raved about in almost every yelp review.  This was not over hyped.  It was sweet and savory, perfect way to start off your meal! I just wish there were more prawns! i think it came with 3? But it was cooked to pefection! Our entrees came shortly after our appetizer was finished.... le sigh, i'm salivating as I am conjuring up all the delightful tastes of that night.  Must go back soon!  Ok, back to reality.... My Veal chop was cooked perfectly! Seasoned just right to bring out the maple glaze, horseradish and sage flavors one by one. The meat was tender, but it wasn't melt in your mouth tender. The presentation was fabulous with the bone on the Veal chop still in tact and the tamale resting under the chop. Although my veal chop was perfect, my boyfriend's 22 oz rib eye was BETTER!! SIGHH.... now this, was melt in your mouth tender! The flavors were explosive, like-- little tiny flavor mines exploding in yo mouth. Their chipotle glaze and green and red chili sauce... is in comparable to any other steak sauce that i have ever had..  I am sooo getting this next time. 5 stars, i'd give it 10 if i could..!!!
4	We made a point to go to this Bobby Flay restaurant because of the Shrimp & Corn Tamale that was featured on Foodnetwork's "Best Thing I Ever Ate."  Everything is pricey, so be prepared.  One tamale was $16 (I think), but it WAS good!  I thought there wasn't nearly enough sauce, so I asked for more, which the chef made up special for us at no extra charge.  I used half of the side of sauce and mmm'd my way to the last bite of that delicious appetizer.  My husband ordered the same tamale and before he was halfway through it, he called the server over to order a second one for himself.  The server brought my husband extra sauce without a second request!  Awesome!  We drank a delicious Cactus Pear Margarita with our "dinner," which was trickily sweet... it went down VERY easy!  We split a third.  In all, we would go back for the tamale and margarita.  But the bill... ouch!  3 tamales & 3 margaritas added up to $100!  You'd better win a little gambling before eating here!
4	Dear Bobby Flay , I want to meet you and every time I gone to Mesa, I always ask your staff if you're in back of the kitchen! I had a dream that you and I were barbecuing for our friends and family. One day Bobby we will bbq together! I bet my bbq is bettter than yous!!You'll always be my #1 chef!MelodySo as for the restaurant! I super love their food, the flavor, it's well cooked, and it has a Nice ambiance..  I tried different entree, Love all of them Salmon, Shrimp tamale (sounds weird right) but its so good, rib-eye, has a good flavor. Love their chorizo tamale and salmon/tuna fish tartar  with banana chips so good, wish they put more on the plate.Will I go again? Of course, every chance that I get!!MUST try it, promise you wont get disappointed!!
3	Been here twice.  First time was outstanding the second a bit of a let down.  With so many amazing options in Vegas I won't go back, but that doesn't mean I am not reccommending it.  If your staying at Caesars and don't want to venture out, give it a try, you'll have a good meal.  What Mr. Flay does - is his own & unique and worth experiencing at least once.
4	I ate at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill - LV for dinner with my parents.  It's located in Caesars Palace, and it's a cool contemporary Tex-Mex place.  We enjoyed the assorted bread basket full of raisin bread, sourdough with cheddar & jalapeno and corn muffin.  I had the roasted corn soup and ancho chile-honey glazed salmon.  The food was delicious and unfortunately had no room for dessert, maybe next time?
4	OK, I am a sucker for Queso Fundido, so my dining experience was off to an incredible start. The fundido was hot, but not scathing and had a great consistency. Then the blue corn tortilla with duck. The duck just melted.  I ordered dinner, not thinking about how full I would be from the appetizers, but I powered through.I ordered the 16 spice chicken. Just the right blend of spices (no I don't know what they were), the right amount of spicy, and the chicken was cooked perfectly.So I was to full to have dessert.My only complaint is that the staff stood around a lot, in full view. Which is really frustrating if you are waiting on something. As an added bonus we could hear them complain about other waitstaff, what they were doing after work... Really do that in the kitchen on on your own time. This knocks it down a star.
5	I was real worried about eating here due to reviews saying the food was bland. It was anything but. We had the blue corn pancake with duck WOW. For entrees we had the pork tenderloin sandwich and green chile burger. The pork was incredible, the burger had a lot of flavor but not green chile, this was probably the most tender burger I have ever had.We ate here for lunch because of my concern. It was definitely worth going for dinner, we will be back.
5	So now I understand why Bobby Flay is so cocky on TV.... HIS FOOD IS DAMNN GOOD!! DUHH!! Everything we ate was absolutely delicious! The complimentary bread basket was unique w/ a variety of gourmet muffins/breads. My favorite was the jalapeno muffin. We ordered the sweet corn tamales as an appetizer (featured on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate), the bacon hash quesadilla & the salmon. To this day I am STILL thinking about the bacon hash quesadilla. I can't wait till I go back in September! Oh and PS the service is great!
5	Normally I'm not such a fan for the "celebrity chefs" opening up shop in Las Vegas but I will say that MESA GRILL is not that - it's simply a great place to eat, drink and enjoy the company of friends and family.Let's start from the beginning, drinks, they're great, if you like sweet drinks, aka let's throw some simple syrup in this drink and go to town!  Fast forward to the finger food (muffins) and it's only making your stomach quake with anticipation.  I went with a starter of soup and wow, this corn chowder is amazing, so amazing that anytime I am in Vegas I will make it a point to stop in and get it.  For the main entree I must admit I spaced and ordered *gasp* a burger (I did and while it wasn't bad it was defiantly not showcasing what Bobby can really do, sorry bro I'll pick the rib eye next time).  Service was prompt and courteous and they seemed to understand the menu pretty well as my friends had some questions and they seemed to field them accurately.
5	**breakfast review**I had absolutely no expectations at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grll, I don't follow his TV persona or his shows. All I know is that he grills and invades peoples' restaurants for a challenge, how freakin' humble..But I could honestly say this is one of the best breakfast (or actually brunch) places I've had in a very long time!I started off my brunch with a Spicy Bloody Mary, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=g_DhgA5vwnDyojJ5hAg00QHonestly not worth the $9, but I appreciated the unique olive & chile pepper on the side, and the drink didn't taste like straight up tomato juice + vodka, there were a lot of spices in there! Warning, it was quite spicy for a morning drink. I thought "Hey~~~ Whatever, I'm in Vegas,"  but boy, did it kick my @ss that morning. Their impressive "bread basket" is breakfast alone! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=Sy-fdjtW7Drd-6LBJ-i3wwYou must get the one and only soup Mesa Grill serves, the Grilled Corn Soup. Delicious and the consistency reminded me of soupier porridge, which made me feel warm and homey :*) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=0UI-AK7kH_DvUWgjOce34gI admit I was regretful while ordering a salmon dish while Mesa is known for Tex Mex, but my Honey Glazed Salmon w/ black bean sauce was amazing. You can request the salmon medium or even medium rare!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=Wz2EFRR4Kt-uZfR6WPjoPgMy girlfriends also ordered other breakfast staples like a Sweet Potato Hash (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=u4pq7PFOPYytWEhfxCxQ0w) and the Jalapeno scrambled eggs with Ham (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=8YIzCO87s62KyKgqNedm5g). I can easily say these dishes were impressively satisfying breakfast dishes, and definitely exceeded my expectations.BREAKFAST FOOD SUCCESS!
2	Not quite sure how this place is pulling in so many five star reviews.  The only way I can see it is if you are ordering beef or lamb chop.  We were a party of 8 people and the 4 people that ordered the fish dishes were all disappointed.  I had the lambchop which was pretty good but did not blow me away.  Our friend who's 40th bday it was and is a BIG Bobby Flay fan loved his pork tenderloin and that was the most important thing since it was his birthday.  In terms of service, they definitely lose a star ( or more ).  Was not impressed.  Our waiter was friendly enough but just going through the motions, this is Vegas buddy, there are a million places to eat, you gotta step it up !!  There was nothing terrible about the service through out most of the meal but nothing that stood out as good either.  The real kicker came though at the end of the meal when birthday boy went to the bathroom and I asked the waiter if he could bring out a piece of cake or something with a candle in it for the bday boy.  He said "if you buy a dessert we can stick a candle in it "  Excuse me!?!? We just dropped $800 and you can't splurge for a piece of cake, he came out instead with a ramekin with whipped cream and a candle stuck in it, was actually embarrassing.   Yes, we could have bought a piece of dessert but at that point it was the principal of the matter.The other annoyance ( which happens at most places these days ) Is the automatic 18% gratuity for groups of 8 or more.  We were forced to tip this amount for sub-par service and spotty food.  Having been to Vegas 9 times, I would say that I would not rush to eat here, there are soooooo many other better choices.  I have walked by this place about 50 times and never had an urge to go in, my hunch was right.
2	Only in Vegas could you make reservations at a place that threatens to charge you $50 per person if you don't show up to be seated at a plastic folding table.The service was fine. A little slow but they tend to drag their feet a bit when they're charging you a whole lot for not much substance, it's makes you feel like you're getting more out of the experience I guess.I asked the waiter if they had any vegan options and watched him struggle through the menu before saying he'd have to ask the chef, which I don't think he ever did because we never got an answer.Everyone in our party said they liked their meal but no one liked it enough to finish everything on their plate which says something.Their prices are fairly astronomical for what you get and I believe that they try to cover up what is basic food with a fancier name. Roasted Corn Soup = one of the cartons of soup from Trader Joe's, Rough Cut Tuna Nachos = raw tuna chunks with a side of commercial grade tortilla chips, Cornmeal Crusted Chili Relleno = big jalapeno popper, Mango + Spice Crusted Tuna Steak = Chili's summer special.I'm sure there are good aspects of this place, we just didn't see them. I guess everything in Vegas is a gamble.
5	Another last minute add to the plan.  Got great seats for me and wifey at Celine concert (which in it's own right is legendary), stopped by busy Mesa Grill asked if they had anything after the concert and a very nice guy said we'll have a spot for you when you come out.    Exit concert enter Mesa Grill.  We've been to MG and it was great the first time... BUT you know about 2nd times right?  Well this put up an awesome repeat performance. They did have a sign saying they were closing early that night?  Was Mr. Flay making an entrance tonight?  Was that why everything was polished perfect?  I really could care less, everything was perfect and that's all that matters (after our lovely Olives evening - this was refreshing). Patrido Margharita - awesome, strong, no syrupsTiger Shrimp Tamale -  Perfect, no other wordsCoffee Filet - perfect spice, perfectly cooked.... ummmm PerfectChile Crusted Pork Tenderloin -  another P for AWESOMECrushed Blueberry Tart - surprisingly light, very tastey great ending The fact that the last 2x i've been there have put consistantly great dishes makes me give 5 stars.  For those that think i have a mancrush on BF, you got that wrong.  Every time I see him on a television show I want to throw something at the TV..... I turn it off and walk away instead.  The Mesa Grill though was spot on that night.
2	Super disappointed. Ate here on Friday night with some friends, and as I really like Bobby Flay I figured this would be a great place to eat. Had some decent appetizers and salads. Thought about the pork tenderloins but got talked out of them by the waiter so I ordered the ribeye. I love a good ribeye; one of my top favorite foods. This was the worst ribeye...actually the worst piece of meat I've ever eaten. Totally undercooked (and I like a good piece of rare meat) and worse: absolutely no flavor. I enjoy the fat on a ribeye but this had way more fat than usual. The honey glaze and the other sauces were okay, but I wasn't even interested in the meat. Service was slow (which was fine, we weren't in a hurry at first) but by the time I bit into that meat I was ready to leave. I didn't bother complaining to my waiter because I knew it would take too long to bring out something else and by that time we were ready to get back to the craps table. Found it interesting that the waiter didn't ask if something was wrong when he cleared my plate and there were only 2 bites taken out. Maybe I hit this place on an off night but I don't think I'd be willing to go again to find out. Too many other good places to eat in Vegas. Skip this one.
2	For me, the menu choices were not that different from each other; with the exception of the steak, it seemed it all tasted the same. The spices overpowered the food so that my pork dish, tasted like all the others. It wasn't a matter of being too "hot", it was just too much. I've eaten better food at half the price. Do not misunderstand, the food was good, it just wasn't outstanding or worth the money.
3	Dinner on August 7, 2011:  food was good and flavorful but overpriced.  Enjoyed the ambiance, service was attentive but we felt the menu is overpriced. The house margarita, made with fresh lime juice, is excellent - but I had a no-alcohol version and my little, short glass full of ice and lime juice (about 4 swallows) was $12.  Three adults for dinner and the tab was $220 (w/o tip).  The food was not special enough for me to go back at that price.  We went to Wazuzu in the Encore the following night and had an amazing dinner for much less $ and food that was truly extraordinary.
5	My husband had the lamb, which he LOVED. I had a bite, and although I don't usually care for lamb, this was incredibly mild and very, very good. I split the pork tenderloin with my friend, and it was to DIE for. Melt-in-your-mouth, unbelievable goodness. Totally worth the money. Wow. Bobby Flay's got it goin' on there! :)
2	My awesome friend took me here for my birthday brunch...I absolutely enjoyed the company of my friend, but the food left a bad taste in my mouth.-Crispy Bacon and Hashbrown Quesadilla-It tasted burnt so I scraped a thick layer of cheese off my quesadilla and there was the reason why..so black.  I asked the waiter if this is how the quesadilla suppose to look like and he replied "yes...it comes out toasty."  I asked, "by toasty you mean burnt?  Seriously?"  his answer was "yes."  I should have send that pile of charcoal back to the kitchen.  -Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamales-I was looking forward to this dish.  However, major disappointment.   The tamale was dry and not much of it either.  Flavor was just not there for me. -Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash: This came with your choice of creamy grits or southwestern fries.  I was super excited to get a taste of home with the creamy grits.  It came out and I was like What the F is this cream of wheat looking bowl???  Eek...I do not like it whatsover.  The spicy chicken & sweet potato was different but was decent to consume.Service may be good, but the server that attended us that day is one lazy person.  Shame shame.
5	Bobby Flay's famous grill in Vegas... Sad I didn't get to try this slice of heaven before. I am a BIG fan of grilled/Mexican food and boy was this beyond my expectations. The shrimp tamale... YUUMMM-O! The mango bacon? Uh freakin delicious... The burger was quite tasty also, and the BREAD! Omg such a variety with the little jalapeno breads, to the coffee cake that's the best everrrrrrr? Oh and the grits? Don't get me started, I wanted to lick the bowl... Mmmm DEFINITELY coming here EVERYTIME I hit up Vegas. Yay Chef Bobby Flay!
4	My two friends and I wanted to go some where nice since it's gonna be a mini reunion for us. I decided to try Mesa Grill cause it would be fun to say we tried a restaurant of a famous chef we all know from food network, Bobby Flay.First off, I was slightly annoyed that we had to wait to be seated at our reserved table because not all members of our party were there yet. Our party was ONLY 3 people. My friend and I had to wait in the lounge for over 30 minutes because only one person was late, due to the crazy traffic on the strip. Really? Couldn't we just sit at our table that we reserved and be more comfortable to chit chat? I'd understand if our party was like 6 people and only two people were there to check in to sit in the lounge area.We got drinks in the mean time, which were very good, the classic margarita and the mojito. For dinner, my friend ordered the pork tenderloin, which is a popular hit. The waiter will suggest that the pork loin is best when served pink, so my friend went a long with his suggestion. When the pork loin came out, it was REALLY pink, rare pretty much. She is not the person to really say anything and toughs it out usually, but she actually had to ask them to take it back and make it well done. The server was nice enough to take it back to the kitchen and served her a well done version, which did not disappoint. The meat was still very delicious and tender. Then towards the end of our meal, we noticed that table next to us had to send their pork tenderloin back too because it was too rare. So quick tip for this is to not get the pork loin rare or ask for medium well, its still very good well done. I had the lamb chops which were very good. The tamale that is served with it is to do die for. My other friend had the salmon. All our meals were very tasty. It was still a fun experience.
3	I came here with my boyfriend and two of our friends.  My boyfriend and I ordered the sweet potato hash.  It was good, but was overpriced. It didn't win my heart over, but I may give it another try if I come back to Vegas.  Small portions, big check... that's Vegas for you.
4	Are YOU ready for a throw down?Apparently my tummy was and sadly Bobby Flay was not there personally to accept my challenge.We had brunch here (no lunch on weekends..just brunch) to avoid paying $$$$ for dinner. Cheap I know.Given that Mr. Flay is an iron chef I just HAD to try out his cooking.The restaurant is tex-mex so keep that in mind. I read that the shrimp tamales are the best thing to get here...but sadly I did not get it.The bread basket was a nice perk as its not filled with your usual baguette or French loaf. It had blueberry bars, cookies, and mini biscuits. The dishes were carefully thought out and plated beautifully. I personally felt that the home fries (which are not french fries, btw) were a little tooooo salty.I admit that this place is pricey. You'll pretty much be spending $20 or more per person. But you are in Vegas! Splurge a little!
5	Finally got another one off the "bucket list."  Dined at Mesa Grill Monday night. and was not disappointed at all. Despite being very pricey, the food, service and ambience is well worth it. Our waiter, Chris, was a perfect salesman of recommendations and talked us into the Corn and Shrimp tamale appetizer. To DIE for. We also took his wine recommendation of the 2006 Muga Riega, excellent choice- full bodied and bold enough to stand up to my Filet that was blanketed in a dry rub of coffee and smoky chipotle mixture... the steak was huge, tender and cooked perfectly medium rare. Hubby ordered the New York along with the roasted corn side.... the corn.,... yum, yum, yum...another must have. All in all, it was a fab dinner and would highly recommend it to foodies!!
3	Given the ambience and very expensive dinner my burger should have been better.I expected a mouth watering bloody and juicy med- rare and got a med- well hockey puck. They corrected but I fully expect to get the burger the right way at a Bobby Flay owned restaurant.I am not sure I would go back based on my experience which is sad given I truly appreciate Mr. Flay's show's and skills.good eatingSteve
4	Big fan of Mesa Grill, especially for lunch. Their menu is very reasonably priced for a fancy casino restaurant and although their menu isn't extremely extensive, they have quite a few dishes to choose from. On this occasion, I shared a Mesa Burger and a Swordfish club with fellow Yelper. The burger was extremely moist and delicious. This was lunch date's favorite dish. The sandwich was really good. Filled with tons of avocado, bacon and swordfish between two (slightly too thick) slices of bread. The french fries were perfectly seasoned.We finished our meal with a slice of coconut cake and the mango rum upside down cake. Both were fantastic as well.Service was great. Our glasses never went unfilled and the waitstaff was extremely attentive. I highly recommend this place.
5	You bring new meaning to Tex Mex cuisine.   I loved everything.    I made reservations  for our party of 4 and sadly enough we were late from all the traffic and parking fiasco.   But along the way, we called and informed them and the host accepted it as calm as can be.   So getting there about 30 minutes late for our 8:30 dinner reservation, we had to wait about 5 minutes till our party was complete.   Right then and there they led us to our table and offered for drinks on the spot.   Hello tequila!   Yes, they have a great selection and the margaritas are just golden.   Mixed sweet and it's got the kick.   Our waiter introduced himself and informed us about the wine list. He even pointed out some of the specific details of the tequila list and explained some of the items on the menu. The bread basket was good, but I was mostly impressed with the customer service and the interior.   We skipped the appetizer and decided to go for the entree since we had to catch up with our schedule for the club.   I opted for the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops.   This is where BF's talent in his signature sauces come in.   Simple presentation, just grilled with a side of Tamale and the meat in the center.   The flavors come together and heaven came down to earth.   It was a balance of meatiness, salt, sweet, spice, and a tang of goodness. It looked like I can finish the plate, but wow was I wrong.   That portion was a lot for one person to conquer.   Next time I'll try the seafood. I'll be back Mesa, I'll make sure to leave my hotel an hour before considering the strip traffic and the parking.   There are three places to valet park and the best one is all the way in the back closest to the restaurant.
4	I have been wanting to go to Mesa Grill for years but never pulled the trigger.  Finally did on this last trip to Vegas and I'm sure I'll be back. Definitely get the grilled corn as a side dish...PHENOMENAL!  The coffee rubbed ribeye was incredible as well.  I could have gone without the tamale appetizer.  But the place has a beautiful look and feel, and the service was excellent.
5	Great food without a doubt! You really need to eat the food the way it was designed to be eaten. The Steak I got wasn't too great on it's own....but when combined with the rest of the food on the plate, it became absolutely delicious! And their Corn soup was phenomenal, and their bread was to die for. I wish they gave us more bread hehe. Prices are reasonable.
3	Dear Bobby,I just wanted to let you know that Mesa Grill is no longer my favorite restaurant in LV. On my most recent visit last week in which DH dropped over $100 on dinner for two, we left unimpressed and unsatisfied with our meal. The best things I ate that night were the corn bread (free), sweet potato tamale and roasted corn (sides). Everything else was kind of an upset.We had high hopes for the blue corn pancake appetizer, but the lackluster barbequed duck was masked by the overpowering habanero-star anise sauce. For entrees I had the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin, which despite being huge and tender, was nothing memorable. DH had the Yucatan style grouper, which was light but bland. Where was the Southwestern bam?There are hundreds of other nice restaurants on the strip at which we can throw our money. Next time we're taking our business to Mastro's Ocean Club. At least then we could have the novel experience of eating in a tree house.LT
5	One of the best restaurants I have ever been too.  I had a spicy bloody mary, which was out of this world! Goat cheese spinach queso dip was by far the best dip I have ever had.  I ordered the New York strip which was cooked to my perfection.  It came with a dipping sauce that was spicy/sweet.  Loved the design of the restaurant, service was great, just wish the couple behind us would take their kid outside when he was crying...  but that is not Bobby Flay's fault.  Other that the kid, Awesome overall! It is expensive, but well worth it.
4	Went to Mesa Grill on a recent trip to Vegas, and was super excited about it... and for the most part it didn't let us down.  The breakdown:Service: 5 stars.  Our waitress was fantastic and our food came out at just the right pace.Food: 5 stars.  The tiger shrimp and sweet potato tamale lived up to its reputation, and the salmon was cooked perfectly and had a delicious mole with a ton of flavor underneath.  The other fish we had was also cooked perfectly although the preparation was less unique (it came on top of crab with edamame, corn and a buttery sauce).  The cornbread and jalepeno bread at the beginning is a nice perk and yummy.Margaritas: 2 stars.  Bummer!  This is the only part that knocks it down to an overall 4 star experience.  Both margaritas we had (one was a cactus pear, the other was another "speciality") were overly sweet, tasted the same, small, and couldn't really taste the tequila.  I was expecting a long list of tasty and inventive margaritas, and instead found a good tequila selection, but nothing more.  If I get the chance to go back, I'll leave the drinking for the casino!
5	Finally made it here after years of wanting to try out a place by a celebrity chef. The menu was smaller than expected, but diverse enough for my liking. My typical process is to inform the waiter that this is my first visit and I would like to know what are the best/signature dishes. Some times I get the typical, "everything is great" response. So I follow up with my next question, "When my friends back home find out I went to Mesa Grill, what is the one dish they're going to ask, DID YOU HAVE THE XXXX?" With that in mind... we ordered the followingAppetizer:Tiger Shrimp with Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale Entrees:Ancho-Chile Honey Glazed Salmon New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with sweet potato tamaleSides:Roasted Corn with Chipotle AioliMashed Potatoes with Green Chili Queso SauceAll outstanding
4	Had very high expectations about this place, just because it's Bobby Flay! I wasn't very impressed with the fiet mignon, since the ground coffee around it killed the taste. BUT THE RIB EYE IS VERY VERY GOOD! I suggest everyone to order it! Great experience, lovely place!
5	Came back to Mesa after over a year of waiting to dine here again and I was not disappointed.  Again, I ordered the Yucatan chicken tacos and they were even BETTER than I remembered.  They also had an oyster special appetizer topped with caviar for under $20 that was extremely delicious and a new thing I tried this time was the roasted corn side to go along with my perfect 22oz bone-in ribeye.  The corn is to die for.  You must try it.
4	Apitizer was great (tiger prawns with a corn tamale) Dinner was ok (rabbit) a little to much heat for my taste.  Service was good though and i must say as a whole i really liked this place.
5	After 5 or 6 visits, always an over-the-top gastronomic experience.Too many so-called "celebrity chefs" think that since they graduated from some overseas cooking school, bought a couple of tattoos, and an attitude, their new cooking show will make them cooler than Miles Davis.Bobby Flay stands out from this crowd and he's the real deal: After walking away from a fast-track Wall Street gig, he went back to his true calling and joy. And it shows at all his restaurants.
4	Note:  My experience was limited to the Restaurant Week Menu only.First of all, I kind of hate Bobby Flay.   He just has a very punchable face.  Anyways, I digress...yes...Mesa Grill.  I'm a bit embarassed to say that I liked Mesa Grill (I still hate you, Bobby).  It wasn't fantastic, but, pretty, pretty, pretty good.  3.5 stars.My restaurant week menu included the following: (1) blue corn pancake with bbq duck; (2) the New Mexico spice-rubbed pork tenderloin with sweet potato tamale; and (3) mango buttermilk upside-down cake.  I also ordered a prickly pear margarita.The bbq duck in the blue corn pancake was a bit sweet for me; I found myself struggling to finish it.  Probably wouldn't order it again.  The pork tenderloin entree include three huge portions of perfectly cooked, moist pork slabs.  Awesome.  Unfortunately, the sweet potato tamale that accompanied the pork (and impossible to open) was really dry and added nothing to the dish.  The mango buttermilk upside-down cake dessert was okay but was elevated to good by the delicious rum caramel glaze topping the cake and mango ice cream.My prickly pear margarita was good but a tad sweet.  I probably prefer a more traditional margarita.My boyfriend ordered the restaurant week menu with roasted corn soup,  Yucatan-style grouper, and key lime pie.  I took bites of his food and wished I had ordered his menu.  So, if you decide to try the Restaurant Week menu, I'd recommend you order his choice of dishes.Bonus points to Bobby for not including any kokopelis or pictures of cacti in his restaurant.  I still hate it when you win throwdown.  That is all.
3	This review is for brunch only. We came here for dinner a year or two ago and it was awesome (we still talk about the Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin). So, we had brunch hoping to like it as much as our dinner. No such luck. The breakfast bread basket was average - the variety was exciting but none of the items were actually very good. We shared two average dishes - the Tiger Shrimp and Garlic Corn Tamale and the Sixteen Spice Chicken Salad. The tamale was average and smothered in so much corn. The salad was actually very good a variety of lettuce and lots of chicken, but way overdressed. The dressing hung all over the lettuce the last few bites weren't edible. The only thing we really loved was the Mango Glazed Bacon - it was $3.50 for four slices and was by far my favorite part of the meal. The service dropped off after we got our food and we spent too much time waiting for our plates to be cleared, then to get a dessert menu (we declined), then to get the check, and then to have our credit card picked up. Ugh. Nothing impressive and nothing like what we remembered from our dinner visit to Mesa Grill.
1	Bobby Flay I was not impressed. Poor quality of meat on the ribeye.. Your dress coast says business casual but a hobo could walk off the street and get a table.   And they pack them in like an In and Out Burger at lunch rush . Very cramped and loud atmosphere.   :(
3	bit pricey, but the food surprised me. Ordered the cioppino. Came wth a green chili sauce which was unexpected. I found it to be better tasting than it looked. For the price, you don't get much seafood in a dish called cioppino. I've had better, but not bad.
5	Love the flavors - period. Started with cocktails and my martini came out DIRTY - not sure why as I didn't order it that way. They kindly replaced it with what I ordered.Start you with a variety of bread which was pretty good. Ordered appetizers... I ordered the Tiger Shrimp and Garlic Corn Tamale - excellent. We also had the blue pancake with bbq duck and the goat cheese nachos. Nachos were a hit but the duck was the winner. Very good.For dinner, I ordered the spice rubbed pork tenderloing - awesome flavors and cooked PERFECT. I highly recommend this place when visiting Vegas.Prices were high but well worth it.
4	Yummy in my tummy. This was the first stop on our Vegas food train and it was a memorable one. Lunch started with the Goat Cheese 'Queso Fundito'... which was so good that it distracted me from my entree for about half the meal. But that doesn't mean that my entree - the smoked shrimp tacos + salsas - wasn't also awesome. Wash it down with a couple beers and I was good to go! This would probably be a repeat visit sort of place if there weren't a gazillion other options on the strip.
4	Dinner Review App: Blue Corn Pancake Barbecued Duck ($15) I couldn't really taste the 'blue corn' in this pancake but it was nice and crisp. The filling was more of a pulled duck rather than duck chunks but the taste was nice and tender.Entree: New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with a Sweet Potato Tamale ($36)I ordered this tenderloin at medium came out just the way I ordered. Very very juicy melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat. Sweet potato tamale was absolutely delicious. Dessert: Mango Buttermilk Upside Down Cake Rum Caramel Sauce + Mango Ice Cream ($11)Very light on the rum and super sweet caramel sauce. I wish the mango ice cream had more of a mango flavor. Bobby Flay ... you are awesome.
5	This place is now my favorite restaurant to go to in Vegas.  Awesome food at reasonable prices.  Skip the buffets and get some food that is worth the money. The assortment of breads they bring out pre-entree was also a nice touch.  I ate the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash.  This was a great choice and was the best hash I have eaten.  The amount of spice was just right.  Not too spicy, but enough to let you know that you were eating at a southwestern restaurant.  The service was great as well.  I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant
2	Meh is right. I've tried this place now 3 times, every time it's a disappointment. Skip it.
5	Wow, all I can say is I really love the Shrimp garlic tamale. Now I know why it was one the show "The best thing I ever ate." It seriously was the best tamale I've ever eaten. The sauce was delicious underneath the warm, hot tamale. The bread basket was also something that stood out. The blue corn muffin was soft but yet crumbly and me and my husband couldn't help but ask for seconds. in addition, the jalapeno bread and the raisin bread were so good we gobbled up the whole basket within a few minutes.as for the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork tenderloin was not as memorable. It was served cold, and the sauce inside was good, as well as the toasted bread but the tenderloin taste got lost in the sandwich. Would definitely come back and try some of Bobby Flay's other dishes. The fries were VERY well seasoned and so crunchy and flavorful.We also got the ancho chile honey glazed salmon that was medium. It was tender, and melt-in-your mouth good. Highly recommend his restaurant. i wasn't originally a Bobby Flay fan, but now I give him all the credit.
5	If you visit only one signature dinner place in Vegas make it the Mesa Grill. Bobby Flay does it right. The food, service and ambiance are all top notch. The menu is eclectic and the various choices offer something for everyone - even vegetarians can figure out a nice meal here. One of my favorites in the Vegas area.
5	Definitely my favorite spot in Vegas. My hubby and I have eaten all up and down the strip and Mesa is consistently excellent.On our most recent visit, we started with the duck blue corn pancake, which was super yummy. I also love the bread basket that they bring around - I could eat an entire loaf of the jalapeno sourdough. Yummmm.For lunch I had the shrimp tacos and hubby the pork tenderloin sandwich.  Both were excellent and we were very pleased with our meals. I also had some fancy (must've been for $16!) margarita that the waiter said was some special drink and something about Oprah (I'll try anything that Oprah likes!!). While a bit expensive, it really was the best marg I've ever had.Can't wait to go back again!
5	This is one of the few restaurants I am proud to have been to. We make it a point to eat here whenever we are in Las Vegas! On our most recent trip we attended Mesa Grill during restaurant week and there was a special menu which you could order from which included an appetizer, a main course and a dessert which on this day was a Panna Cotta with mixed Berries on top. I ordered the green chili burger (instead of the Mesa burger which is exceptional!!! and my regular order) and a chopped salad. The green chili burger was amazing! It had pickled red onion which was just gorgeous placed on top of the green sauce! I also sampled the crab cake my mother ordered and it was of course delicious. The panna cotta was good thick texture, not too sweet and well complemented by the berries.  It has been a pleasure to dine here each time and the staff has always been helpful, genuine and nothing but lovely!
5	Another Vegas convention needs a reward: Another dinner at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. This remains my #1 for Las Vegas. This night, I brought some of my team together to enjoy fine dining at the Grill and oddly no one had ever been here. Everyone loved their food! The corn was all the rave, but my favorite was the Pork Tenderloin which was a deviation for me as I've been eating the duck on every single visit. Here's the description:NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBEDPORK TENDERLOINBourbon - Ancho Chile SauceSweet Potato Tamale+ Crushed Pecan ButterOrder it medium rare for incredible flavors, as it is not over-spiced. Incredible meal as usual! the service and ambiance continue to shine. The Hostess went out of her way as 3 people showed up late and she actually had to re-seat us on a very busy evening. This is a reservation required spot. Thank you, Mesa Grill!
5	What a wonderful dinner. From start to finish it rocked.Seated in the top row of the restaurant we had a great view of the rests of the restaurant and most importantly straight on view of the kitchen.Started with the Shrimp Tamale & Tuna nachos. ST was half tamale with 4 shrimp cooked on the grill with a great corn sauce with a little heat. The  tuna tare tare with chips and two different sauces. For dinner we split the smoked pork tenderloin and a side of corn.  The Pork came as three round cuts about 3 inches tall and 1 inch thick. It was the pinkest pork I have ever had(it was smoked so not raw) and a wonderful sauce to dip into. The flavor nada nice heat in the crust of the pork and it was tender and juicy. The corn was great and we found the recipe on FN and it wasn't very heavy with cream.Service was wonderful without being over bearing.Best food we had in five days in Vegas.
5	I've always wanted to try this place and sure enough it did not disappoint. I had their Saturday brunch menu. This review is written sober but I sure had my fair share of their excellent Margaritas. We had such great service that day. They had prix fixe menu that day aside from the regular brunch menu. They didn't have the crab cakes on the regular menu but we asked the waiter and he was nice enough to ask the Chef and he made an exception for us! The crabcake was amazing. Just enough crunch on eat side with big chunks of crab along with their sauce. I can't rave about it enough because I am already a big crabcake person. Bobby Flay is always make tamale this tamale that on his shows so I had to try his tamale. It's say it was pretty good but not the best tamale I've ever eaten. Lastly, we had the special taco and that was just ok. All it all it was a fabulous meal!
5	Food & service is excellent.  This is a great place for appetizers & drinks.  Would go back when visiting Vegas.
4	Let me start out by apologizing to Bobby Flay...so sorry. When my wife and I watch him cook on TV I always make fun of him using the same ingredients, ie cilantro, corn, mango salsa, etc...but, man does it work in person. We went during restaurant week but I won't bore you with the same review that other people already wrote. All I will say is that I was very, very pleasantly surprised on how good the food was. If ever at Caesars, then I will stop in for a delicious meal. BTW, the hostess was a bit snooty and tried sticking us at a booty table at first...
5	I have been here a couple times, once with my fiance, and once with the guys for my bachelor party weekend. Service is always top notch, the drinks were amazing, and food is just insanely good.  The second time I went, one of my friends had special dietary needs, and the waiter knew exactly what could be changed in order to be able to order the dish he wanted.  The staff is amazing.  Anyone thinking about going, make your reservation, and check this place out.  You won't be disappointed.
4	For a Latin restaurant owned by an Irish dude, this is legit. I went there for brunch on Sunday and highly recommend making reservations because the place can get pretty full. Service was prompt, we had drinks and menus and a run down of the best things to order within 2 minutes of being seated. You start out with various baked savory/sweet pastries while waiting for the food. The chilaquiles were really good and i was glad that they didn't skimp on portion size. My friend got the ranch style tostada which was ok but the sauce was surprisingly sweet, almost too sweet. The drinks (mango&carrot juice and the blood mary) were a nice compliment to the meals, I'd probably order both of them again. This is a great place that's more on the casual-upscale side compared to other restaurants on the Strip and the food is worth going back for, especially because the service was so quick (we finished a full meal in 1 hour)! One quick tip: their napkins are super linty, don't put them on your clothes!
5	Been there 4-5 times and it's a winner every time!Awesome food, drinks, service and ambiance, what else can you ask for?If you love Bobby Flay and spicy food, you have to check them out.Tip - Try the coconut cake; it is a Throw Down Winner.
5	Of all the Vegas restaurants headed by big-name chefs, Bobby Flay's Mesa probably held my lowest expectations.  Imagine my surprise, then, when it turned out to be my favorite meal of the trip.  The corn chowder tasted like a bowl of pure sunshine, with just a touch of kick.  Also sampled was the blue corn cake with BBQ duck, which was like a southwestern interpretation of a pulled pork sandwich.  And while I love the purity of enjoying a tamale or a chile relleno at a tiny storefront or, even better, in the kitchen of a Mexican momma, the way Mesa elevates both dishes to fine dining neither cheapens or lessens these dishes.  Only mild oddity was it seemed the majority of wines offered were French.  For some reason I assumed, considering the cuisine, to see a lot more Californian, Spanish, and Argentinean wines.  I did, however, have a sip of George's margarita.  Easily one of the best I've ever tasted.
4	coincidentally it was restaurant week in vegas earlier this month, so we decided to reward ourselves to some fine, fine dining. now i do not know much about bobby flay - only that he's famous, he does southwestern style cooking, and he tried to hit up ari gold's wife.apparently in this case, southwestern means that corn and spices are infused in most of his dishes. first course: roasted corn soup served with smoked chiles & tortilla strips. this creamy sensation was rather sweet. the tortilla gave it a nice balance of texture.second course: new mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin; bourbon - ancho chile sauce, sweet potato tamale + crushed pecan butter. the pork tenderloins loins were absolutely amazing. it had the right amount of spices rubbed in, such that it was not overpowering nor spicy but instead gave it a nice little kick. it's reminded me of sriracha sauce in that effect. the only disappointing part about it is that i devoured it too fast. such a pig.third course: frozen key lime pie; coconut sorbet. blah. too sweet and tart for my taste buds.yes. i am impressed.
5	The BEST Pork Tenderloin ever!
3	This place had a lot of hype and my sisters were going to see Celine Dion so we decided to check it out. Upon entering I really appreciated the layout and decor of the restaurant, plenty of bright colors and a lot of people who looked to be having a great time. The host was pretty full of himself, we did not have reservations and he made it pretty clear that we should have. But upon looking down at his reservation list we were immediately seated. I understand that the place is popular, but there is no need to be arrogant to customers just because you are working at a high-end eatery.Our server was definitely a step up from the host, but his voice definitely let us know that it was not OK for my sisters to order appetizers for their entrees. My sisters both ordered quesadillas, my dad and I ordered the pork and rib-eye. Everything tasted great with the exception of the homemade steak sauce on my rib-eye. Perhaps I am the exception, but I don't want what tasted like A1 on a $46 rib-eye, the steak itself was awesome, but the sauce was definitely lacking.4.5 stars for the great food, margaritas, and atmosphere... dumped to 3 stars for typical Vegas service that I would expect from a bouncer with a group of 10 guys trying to get into Marquee.
3	Note that when you make reservations they take your cc so they can charge you $50 a head if you ditch so try not to.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect coming here, but overall it was a decent meal at a place where you're paying extra for the star power of Mr. Bobby Flay.  All sides come separately, but is usually enough to share if you want to get a few sides to share among friends.The decor was interesting.  Lots of  bright colors and had flames all over.  The selection of drinks had a great list of tequilas to choose from.  The cuisine is Bobby Flay's famous TexMex Style.Random note: no hats haha, I was told to take mine off.  I know it's Vegas so don't count on a hat to hide the fact that you were too lazy to spend 5 mins on your hair just because you were up till 6 am the night before.Service was decent and friendly.  They told us our table would be ready near reservation time (8:15).  Our table was not.  Haha we waited about another 30 mins.  To be fair the place was pretty packed.The food!Bone-In Ribeye:Well cooked piece of meat.  The server will tell you the house recommends Medium unless you want your steak mooing near the bone (not quite in those words).  It's a big piece of meat.  You will probably be full haha.  My friend was getting meat sweats eating the thing!  I didn't feel that the random toppings and sauces that gave it the TexMex theme were necessary.Tuna "Nachos":Appetizer dish.  Blue corn and Potato? Chips to handle what was basically some rough cut tuna tartar.  The tuna had some mango habanero sauce on the plate that was quite good.  The tuna itself was good, but seemed a bit bland to me.  The potato chip was flaky and seemed to be created by pressing multiple layers together.Spinach:Side dish.  Pretty standard sauteed spinach.Garlic Tamale:Small Tamale with a big pat of garlic butter in the center.  Again, good, but not amazing.  Also I was getting so full from the steak it was hard to finish off the tamale.Overall, it's not a bad place, but with the gluttony of food in Vegas, I think you can probably do better.  Especially if all you're looking for is a good steak.
3	This was our third trip to Mesa Grill and we took friends for our anniversary. I hate to say we were disappointed but comparing it to the past trips it just didn't hold up. The food was good but in the past it has been GREAT. The service was not up to par either. Our waitress was kind of disinterested, although her bus people were terrific. We had the pork loin, one of the three pieces on my plate was full of gristle, when I explained this to our waitress she said "oh, I'm sorry" and walked away. The filet was great but some of the sides were not served with the meal and were brought as an after thought. It was kind of strange when I made reservations I was asked if it was a special occasion and I replied it was our anniversary.  The person on the phone said "we like to do something special on special occasions" so I'm thinking "cool, free dessert".  Well, the best we can figure the "something special" is your waiter saying "Happy Anniversary".  Not all that special! Nothing was terrible and we might give it another try next time we are in Vegas..
3	Wasn't bad but nothing jumps out at me. Actually, I can't believe this, but I sent my scallop salad plate back at Bobby Flay's restaurant! My scallops had grit in them. Thought it might have been the heavy pepper seasoning so I cut the edges off, no luck still grit. Not something I would expect from such a restaurant. The rest of the salad was scrumptious. My friend had the green chili burger and fries. Burger was cooked well but a little boring, no sauce whatsoever on the burger or accompanying fries.The server noticed I didn't eat and did his best to rectify the situation which I appreciated. Also service was quick and friendly.So decent place but I prob won't be back.
5	Bob Flay's food is so good its worth leaving your husband Ari Gold for!I had the shrimp tamales, salmon, and chicken salad and pear cactus tea! All Excellent!
2	Wouldn't come back based on the fact they recommend their steaks and don't know how to cook them. They made both steaks at our table RAW. Insanely raw. They recooked one and it lost all flavor and was terrible; charcoal on the outside. The grouper was delicious but service was crap... They took away our bread without asking if we were done and it just felt rude. For the price we paid they could at least be courteous.
2	this is the place for you if you prefer your food undercooked.  the salmon was still raw inside (the waiter insisted that its served that way since it's a "better quality" salmon), and our 'medium rare' rib-eye was pretty rare!!  the sauce that accompanied the dishes was good tho.  sorry bobby flay...don't think i'll be visiting ur restaurant again
4	I get nervous going to a celebrity chef's restaurant. People love their shows, their recipes and even their TV personality, so the excellence of their restaurant and food are normally blown way out of proportion. However, with Mesa Grill, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I was wrong in thinking the food was going to be simply mediocre and left more than satisfied with the 1000+ calories I had just happily consumed.When I sat down I immediately told the server that I was gluten-free. Without flinching, he told me that most of the food is gluten-free, but if not, they can substitute the sides, etc, so I won't become ill. This was most relieving since 1/2 the restaurants I have gone to in Vegas don't know what gluten-free means, so this was a great start to the meal.After watching the show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Vegas," I had to come and try the tiger shrimp tamale. I asked the server if it was gluten-free and he said absolutely. My fiance told him to definitely get a start on that tamale with a massive smile on his face and the server obliged. However, before he left he told us about the specials and showed how real restaurants should be training their staff. Very professional. Very friendly. Very fantastic.Oh the Tiger Shrimp. I could bathe in the sauce. I envisioned myself swimming in it last night. I could put it on everything and even though my heart would scream each day, it would be worth the Lipitor. Great flavors, fresh, succulent shrimp and just a small amount of heat. If you are not a fan of garlic, stay away, because unlike the heat, there was a plentiful amount of garlic to keep any creepy Twilight vampire away for years.I cannot say very much about the chile relleno my fiance ate because 1. It was not gluten-free, but most importantly, 2. It was gone in ten minutes. The ONLY reason it took him that long to eat the chile was because we had just eaten a massive corn tamale and split a bottle of wine. Also, once in a while we try to act like we're classy and not inhale our food. All I know is that seeing the cheese slowly pouring out of the chile when he broke the shell reminded me why I love cheese and why it is so dang good.I ordered the spicy chicken. When you place the words, spicy, chicken and hollandaise sauce all in the same sentence I will pounce on whatever it is IMMEDIATELY. The fact that I was in a breakfast mood was only boosted by the perfectly poached egg on top. Texture city and oh the flavors! Even though I wish it was actually spicy (please note that I am Korean and burn my tastebuds off every other day with chili paste), it was really perfect. First, I picked off a couple pieces of the chicken and then just broke into that poached egg and let it smother the spicy chicken in its happiness. Then I would roll a forkful around in the green hollandaise and all cravings, protein, brunch and fatty goodness were satisfied in one quick bite. It took me a long time to eat it because I was still full from the tamale, but you can't take a poached egg as a leftover while walking around in 100 degree weather. I was forced to eat it all. For shame.You should go here. Great service, the food is creative, colorful and absolutely solid. You will be full, satisfied and leave from this restaurant content and rubbing your belly in sheer delight as you muffin top your way back to your room and pass out from a pleasant food coma.
3	Let me start this review by saying...I'm not a big Tex-Mex fan. So, it obviously wasn't my choice to come here although I'm glad we did. My cactus pear margarita was the perfect balance of sweet and booze. Apparently, their pisco is amazing too. For an appetizer, we went with goat cheese queso fundido. I love cheese so this was fantastic & the goat cheese gave it an extra kick. I ordered tuna for my entree. It was alright. The thing to get here is definitely the spice rubbed pork tenderloin. Holy deliciousness! It's spicy so beware. The tamale that came with the pork was cold. Boo.Our server was great! I was satisfied overall (i'm usually satisfied after stuffing my face) but I don't know if I'd come back. Probably only if someone else REALLY wanted to go.
1	They served me steak to me almost raw when ordered medium, it came back dry on second attempt.  They boast about their steaks but clearly didn't know how to cook them.  I wouldn't have been as hard on them if their service was ok... however I server made mistakes and blamed it on the kitchen and bar (drinks being empty, mushrooms on plate that were asked to be left off due to allergy, etc)... Try somewhere else!
5	Great unpretentious food. Bobby flay is the man!
4	This place is worth the hype. I am not sure what goes into their french fries but I am addicted!I have been here twice and both times I ordered the New Mexican Pork Tenderloin Sandwich. The first time I had it, it was so spicy I nearly couldn't eat it. I ordered it again this recent time and the heat was much more mild and the sandwich was pretty good. The cactus pear margarita is amazing, the white peach margarita is a little too sweet for my taste. Overall the ambiance is OK, but the food is amazing. I will say if you have dietary restrictions like I do, check the menu before you come. They only serve brunch Saturday and Sunday afternoons, not their normal lunch menu.
3	Maybe my expectations were too high - but food was very disappointing.  It was ok - nothing spectacular or noteworthy.  Therefore it was definitely overpriced.  Wait staff was great though.
5	My wife and I both spent our birthday dinners here one year because it was so good! The family went out with us to Vegas and stayed the weekend at Caesar's for her birthday. What better place to spend it than downstairs in the casino at Mesa Grill. I had called ahead since we had a party of 8 and they took good care of us! They had a separate room set for us so it just added to the experience. Everything from the drinks to the food is perfect. Both times we've been here we've never been disappointed, from the food to the service. But the food! This is where I fell in love with sweet corn tamales. The chefs really know how to balance the heat of the chilies, you get a little zing but the flavors in the food are just right. This place is a must...I can't wait to stop in again next time we're in Vegas.
3	Roasted corn soup ($12) - It was too sweet for me.Tiger shrimp + Roast garlic corn tamale ($16) - Good.Blue corn pancake ($15) - Good, but too much sauce.  Sauce just tasted like Hoisin sauce.New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin ($36) - Good, but some parts were too salty.  Food was good, but not amazing and not that memorable to me.  It was tamale overload cause each of our entrees came with a tamale and then there was the tamale from the tiger shrimp appetizer.  I'm not a big fan of tamales.
5	Upon walking into the restaurant, we'd given our name and were seated within one minute. The hosts were friendly. The restaurant itself is beautiful! We were at the table maybe two minutes before our server (the amazing Encina) came over with our menus and a mouth-watering description of the night's specials. We were taken aback by the amazing service and care, not only because Encina and the rest of the staff care about their food and their customers but also because Lillie's Noodle House and Grotto Ristorante at the Golden nugget were such a shit-show with their horrific excuses for service (see those reviews for why).She gave us a few minutes to peruse the drink menu and came back with waters before taking our order. We couldn't resist asking for her favorite appetizers and ended up getting two AMAZING appetizers:-Roasted Corn Soup: the soup itself is light and sweet, a delicious puree of sweet corn.  It came out warm and had a slight bit of heat that lingered in your mouth. It was perfectly seasoned and a great way to begin our meal.-Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla: It's a great appetizer for four or two. The tortilla was crispy and had a little char to it. Inside, the cheese and meat mingled amazingly. On top, the cotija and quacamole beckoned us to the plate like Sirens.We got our drinks and commented on how the meal was batting-a-thousand so far.White Peach Margarita (my friend and one of my brothers): the sweetest of the bunch. Tasty and light; great balance between the tequila and white peach flavors.Cadillac Margarita (my other brother): I like to taste my alcohol when I'm drinking and a Caddy guarantees that I will. This was a great margarita!Cactus Pear Margarita (my drink): I ordered this one because of the rave reviews on Yelp and it didn't disappoint. It wasn't too sweet and packed a nice punch. The flavor was great.Encina was back within ten minutes to take our orders. Here's what we got (and loved):-Mango and Spice Crusted Tuna: good God almighty this was good (for an agnostic guy to say this is saying something)!!! The tuna was cooked perfectly. The spicy sear on the outside was enough of a crunch to perfectly contrast the tender tuna. The mango glaze the accompanied the fish was sweet enough to enhance the fish without being too sweet or overpowering. The pine-nut cous cous was soft and delicious. The green and red peppercorn sauces on the plate were the perfect accent. The peppercorns were a soft burst of peppery goodness.-Sixteen Spice Chicken: although not the route I would have gone, this was really good. For those who want to play it safe. The chicken was tender and the sixteen spices were definitely a party in my mouth, but chicken just isn't adventurous for me. My brother loved it; we both agreed that the spiciness level was great.-Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon: The meat was incredibly tender and juicy. The rub on the outside could very well be the best thing ever put onto a piece of meat. The coffee shined through enough that you knew it was there, but didn't take over the dish. The mushroom-ancho chile sauce was the perfect sauce.-Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops: these were incredible!!! The spices were just right and the meat was tender. The garlic tamale was delicious as well.Encina checked on us throughout the meal and kept us laughing. Once we were done, she put down the drink menu and the desert menu and said, "Now, I know you're not leaving without another drink and some desert!" She knew us too well!!! Here's the grand finale:-Pomegranate martini (friend): Light on pomegranate taste. Tasted a little cough-syrupy. She was not impressed, but our tastebuds may have needed a nap after the amazing dinner we had.-Mesa Pisco Sour: very nice! The alcohol shone through without being too much.-Mango Buttermilk Upside Down Cake: not enough to share for more than two, but I was really the only one who wanted desert so it was perfect for everyone to have a taste. The cake was nice, light, and warm. The caramel rum sauce was fantastic and the mango ice cream was great.We got to talking about how it was my birthday. At another table, I guess Encina heard us. She said, "I wasn't eavesdropping or anything, but did I hear a birthday over here?" They pointed to me and she replied, "OK. Don't go anywhere" and sprinted across the restaurant. She came back, told me to close my eyes as she lit a candle and placed it in a small ramekin of their homemade vanilla-bean whipped cream (best ever!). She told me to make a wish before I opened my eyes and said, "From my heart, happy birthday." It was one of the nicest restaurant birthdays I've ever had.Overall, we couldn't have been happier with dropping close to $300 on a dinner for four. The food was amazing! The service was spectacular. Encina is incredibly sweet and takes care of you. She took the absolute best care of us.Do yourself and your tastebuds a favor and eat at Mesa Grill!
4	Bobby Flay rocks!! Walked in for lunch & they had some accident in the kitchen so it was closed so came back again for dinner the next nite. Ordered the pork loin tenderloin -- it was amazing! must try! It had some nice heat to it which was just perfect for my palate. Sorry, I hate bland food. My wife is veg & ordered the Chile Releno which was excellent!! For dessert, went with the Deep Dish Banana Cream Pie which was just delicious!! Overall, it was worth the money! Yes, it pricey but hey you are in Vegas!! :)
5	Oh Bobby Flay, how I love thee!!! lol!So with that in mind, there was little I would've disliked. I came in with high expectations and expected to pay out the A-hole for a 5-Star dinner. Did I mention I'm probably the biggest Flay fan out there? My boyfriend too.... seriously - waiting on the Flay channel. Anyhow, we were alarmed we were able to get reservations on a Saturday night easily, but we made them the night before and I was stoked. We arrived on time, table wasn't ready so we posted at the bar - cute little bar, quirky little bartender, stiff vodka tonics (LIKE!)Naturally, since we stalk Bobby, lol, we asked if he was coming in, but to our dismay he was not (sad face)We were seated within 10 minutes of arriving. Cute little intimate tables, we examined our neighbors cuisine as it came in - immediately wondering if we could buy real estate in LV. lol... yummmmWe ordered Tuna Nachos for antipasto; it came quickly, so did the bread selection. I remember loving the jalepeno bread because it was different, but really it was kind of crappy bread. Bobby, we love you but stop baking - it's not your style. Tortilla's, chips, or maybe some other SW app would've fit. Tuna nacho's were ok; the oil trio's at the base for garnish were really REALLY good... I would've been happy just eating that. Boyfriend ordered the side of cow... the most massive piece of beef I've seen. I think it was a Rib Eye Steak (Alton Brown's fav cut), he loved it, and didn't have to pick out much fat. Kinda weird there was no sides with it, but then again it would've gone to waste with my bf anyhow. I got the braised lamb. Huge cuts, and it came with a brick nasty tamale. It was not a tamale - and WHY would you use corn husks Bobby?? Why?? Use Banana Leaves... so much better. My bf's tia can show you... just let us come visit ;)Anyhow, it was a great experience, our waiter was nice, the restaurant was nice, and after all that food and four drinks total we were expecting to pay $250+ but to our delightful suprise it was $110 with tax. WOW. Bobby Flay your the best. Oh and your wife is a good actress too.
5	Liked everything I've had here on a number of visits!  Very nice dinner!
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing! Every single aspect of this dining experience was stellar. Mesa Grill was on my radar before arriving in LV so my boyfriend and I decided to make reservations for dinner at around 9:30P on a Friday evening. I'm sure there's SOME room for walk-ins, but I would definitely make reservations in advance if you're planning on going during prime dinner hours. Bobby Flay really put together an incredible menu from start to finish. We started out with the roasted tiger shrimp + corn tamale which kicked off the meal perfectly. All the flavors in the dish just worked together perfectly. We opted to nab two sides instead of a second appetizer and decided on the roasted corn and the cornmeal-crusted chile relleno to go with our entrees. The corn could quite possibly be one of my favorite foods ever -- beyond delicious and seriously a MUST if you're ordering a side. The chile was great, though didn't quite have the same impact. Being a pescetarian, the tuna steak was a pretty natural entree selection for me and it couldn't have been a better choice. A surprisingly big portion and all-around amazing plate. I should say though that we had entirely too much food. We could have JUST had our entrees and I would have been satisfied. One app + two entrees for two people is probably enough unless you're particularly hungry. By the end of the meal I was at the point where I was beyond full but couldn't seem to stop munching because it was SO good! Dessert wasn't even an option for us after over-ordering. When you pop in keep in mind that the portions are actually pretty good-sized (which is a pleasant surprise) and order accordingly. All around amazing. I would definitely come back again next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Just ok. Not impressed. Too many flavors that complicate each meal. And the grouper was not cooked properly.  Thomas Keller and Mario Batali have this iron chef beat.
4	Got to eat here during Las Vegas Restaurant Week. It was so delicious!I absolutely loved the tiger shrimp corn tamale appetizer.  The crab cake was pretty good-- I have had better. The best part of the meal was dessert-- homemade peach cobbler with sweet cream corn ice cream! The ice cream was the best part of the meal! I told the server it was better than real corn and possibly the best thing I had ever eaten! If you can get here in the summer time--- ask for the sweet cream corn ice cream. I can't stop thinking about it!
5	The best margaritas I've ever tasted...and I've had a lot. The food was amazing. Great atmosphere. I wish I could go back right now!
5	Bobby Flay grills a hella good steak! This is my 2nd Bobby Flay restaurant (first one was at Bobby Flay Steak in Atlantic City), and I loved it as much as the first. Just like the steak at Bobby Flay Steak in AC, the steak here at Mesa Grill was perfectly charred on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. Delicious. Best steak ever. I don't even like steak. I heard Bobby Flay was a jerk in real life, but I just can't help loving his food. It's so good!! *puppy eyes
2	Overrated in my opinion. It's not bad but not great, especially if you have to consider price.  Nothing extraordinary.
5	Went for saturday brunch and only had to wait about 15 minutes.  I think they do take reservations though if you don't want to wait.This was probably my favorite meal on this trip to Vegas.  They bring this basket with blueberry crumb cake, corn muffins made with blue corn, jalepeno puffs and raisin biscuits.  The coffee was strong and flavorful.  I ordered the spicy scrambled eggs with jalepenos and I believe creme fraiche on top with a side of ham.  The eggs were so fluffy and soft.  The ham was just a little sweet but was best thing on the plate.  There were more biscuits on this plate maybe buttermilk ones, very tasty.  Also got a  choice of grits or fries, I chose the grits.  They were creamy and rich. He got the pork tenderloin sandwich which they press and use cold pork tenderloin, I'm assuming the same tenderloin they may use for the dinner.  It was seasoned with New Mexican flavors, spread with a flavored mayo and topped with onions.  It also came fries.  We split each of our entrees to get more variety.A lot of people ordered the burger around us and I must say that looked pretty tasty.  Going for brunch still gives you celebrity chef flavors for a lower price tag.
4	Had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  Had a couple of killer cocktails, and started out sharing the Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale - excellent!  My husband had the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash, which he loved, and I had the 16-Spice Chicken Salad, which was really good.  Good service, lively atmosphere.
5	My husband took me here for my birthday along with two friends.  It was my first Bobby Flay experience and so I was looking forward to it.  I had little expectations just because it's in a hotel and I didn't know how Tex Mex would be in a casual fine dining atmosphere.  The restaurant's atmosphere is great.  It's bright and welcoming.  This place is busy so definitely make reservations.  We showed up early and we were told that they wouldn't be able to seat us until our reservations (completely fine), so we left and came back about 3 minutes before our reservation.  They were behind a little.  10 minutes pass and the host let us know that she didn't foret about us but tables were turning slow (loved that she acknowledged us) and then after another 5-10 minutes she came up to us and said that the restaurant would be buying us drinks for the wait (okay!) we sat about a half hour after our reservation and they immediately sent us out an appetizer to again apologize.  I was impressed with how they handled it.  I worked as a host for years and was happy to see that these hosts worked the front so well.After we sat down we were greated by our server and started ordering our food.  Everything came out perfectly from the corn bread to the filet mignon.  The rock shrimp tamale was oh so good!  I am not a Rib Eye fan but the flavor of the cut was so good!  I also had the duck pancake.  I would have eaten those all night.  I would stray from the double baked potato and get the corn if they have it on the menu as a side.  It was like eating candy (not sweet, just you don't want to stop eating it!) The chef's in the kitchen are trained to perfection.  People it's NOT Bobby Flay cooking your steak and it's not him making your menu!  Give credit where credit is deserved!  A lot of people don't realize it's just his name and face sometimes but his executive chef's and sous chefs do a lot of the grunt work and creativity! The presentations were beautiful as well.And I can't forget the backwaits.  Our water glasses were never empty, our plates were whisked away silently and we were never bumped into when they were clearing other tables (even though the tables are very close together).The prices of the food and drinks are expensive but what do you expect?  Other than the quality being top notch you are in Caesars eating at Bobby Flay.  If you don't like a perfectly cooked filet at $44 then go to Denny's.  I think they have a $2.99 special from midnight to 6am.This was a great meal. I would tell anyone going to vegas to try this place because you will not be disappointed!  I love seeing other foodies enjoy this place as much as I did!
4	NOTE: I rewrote the review in the edit above  The original visit was only for lunch and drinks and it's covered above.
5	NO seats even with 2 day notice, but bar area has seating with full menu available. We arrived opening 5pm and claimed seats right away. Coffee rubbed filet was awesome - very earthy and cooked perfectly rare. 6 spice chicken was one of the best things I've ever had. Small portion - but PERFECT. nick kick to it too. Twice baked potato was only complaint - good, but I love the skin and it was too dry and crispy. Banana cream pie was awesome.
5	Great restaurant, Great food. started with his special maragarita's which were very good. Then my wife and I shared the sweet corn with shrimp tamale as an appetizer and finished the night with his spice rubbed pork tenderloin. Flay has his way with. Spice and it is done perfectly to bring out the great flavors of his wonderful meals. enjoyed it very much
4	Goat cheese app was to die for. BF said he couldn't speak for a moment. Served with black tortillas. Yum.The chille relleno with eggplant was amazing. Panko fried. Bobby Flay definitely did not disappoint!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Came here for the hubby's 30th bday and it was amazing! Yes the place is crazy expensive but totally worth it, you're in VEGAS!!! Live a little people. The jalapeno bread they serve is excellent, perfect mixture of spicy and sweet. We ordered the shrimp tamale, so on point! I would come here just for that! Our drinks were also super! Loved my mojito! The hubby and I both got the 22oz chipotle rubbed steak, OMG!! to die for, if I could have eaten the bone I would have. We also shared a side of mashed potatoes, once again, they were perfect! I can't wait to come back. I do suggest making reservations as the place starts getting busy around 7ish.
5	I'm a huge fan of Iron Chef Bobby Flay, so when I found out that he had a restaurant in one of my favorite hotels (Caesar's Palace) I was ecstatic. The restaurant is across from the iconic Caesar's Sports Book, a place where I have watched and wagered on countless sporting events. After a day of watching sports in an electric environment it is a luxury to be able to sit down for an extraordinary dinner without missing a beat. The food is classic Bobby Flay. A mix of NYC and Southwestern flavors balanced to perfection. The interior of the restaurant is modern and chic, but not overly formal. You can come dressed in a suit and tie or casual and feel equally at home.Congrats Bobby on creating a restaurant that is approachable to the masses yet serves world class cuisine.
4	The food was absolutely delicious!!!! I had the Chili Rellano, while my husband enjoyed their chicken dish. We also split the Tamale side. So so very good. The absolute only reason I have taken one star away is because of their reservation policy. They make it so, if you miss your reservation, you must pay $50 a person, however, when we showed up for our reservation at 8:45pm we were not seated until nearly 9pm. I understand that people are busy, but I wonder if they would afford us the same courtesy towards our reservation if we had been late?
4	i went for brunch.. it was delicious! the service was great, top notch! the only reason i gave it 4 was the price, AAAAND the burger.. i make burgers just as good at home for cheaper.. YIKES. i love the look of the place, the service, the bunch was delicious! and id eat the burger again.. so yes Ill return! :)
4	I went to Vegas for one day only because of my moms last minute business thing and I decided that I wanted to eat here (mostly because I'm a fan of Bobby Flay and Iron Chef America). Honestly, I was kind of disappointed. I expected to have my socks knocked off but it just didnt happen. there were some wonderful things-Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin: that my boyfriend got. it was AMAZING. perfectly cooked, some of the best pork i ever had-my Tuna Steak was cooked perfectly rare, but the couscous that came with it was just whatever. (I dont like couscous)-our waiter was greatthings that werent so great-the wait, despite my reservation and the restaurant being half emptied by the Rod Stewart show-the wait for our main entrees -my mom's Coffee-rubbed Filet Mignon: literally $44 for just the steak. it was cooked well but was too salty -$8 for a thing of sauteed spinach. totally bland, could make it myself spinach. wayy too expensive.-i hate it when you have to order sides along with your food. I don't think the overall flavor profiles and the menu were to my taste. what a disappointment, but thats not the restaurants fault.
2	I went on Friday night with my girlfriend and a friend of ours. The comments below are either my thoughts on what I ordered or their thoughts almost verbatim (we discussed my writing a review over drinks after we left)House margaritas: Extremely heavy on the lime, to the extent that the tequila is lost and it ends up tasting like a key lime martiniBlue corn pancake with duck: had potential, but it was over sauced to the point that the duck was lost. The pancake was more of a crepe, and it was overpowered as well. All you could taste was the sauce.Cornmeal crusted chile relleno entree: The chile relleno was good and cheesy. The crispy crust was unique, but it didnt necessarily add to the dish.22 oz bone in rib eye: I ordered this medium rare. It came on the blue side of rare throughout and burned to a crisp on the outside. The chipotle glaze was completely lost and instead it tasted like a briquette. I was especially disappointed in this rib eye because a) I can cook a steak better than that and b) It's Flay's restaurant; you don't screw up grilled meat.Side dish of chile relleno filled with black beans and rice. Good, but not great. The grainy cornmeal crust took away from an otherwise excellent stuffed chile (the person who ordered this is different than the person who ordered it as an entree)Sixteen spice chicken: No complaints from the person who ordered it. She seemed pleased but not overjoyed and appreciated the large portion.Overall, none of us felt that Mesa Grill met expectations. Two of us gave it a 2 star review, the third would give it a 3 star review. If you want to go to a celebrity chef restaurant in Vegas, I would recommend Batali's place. A lunch I had there 2 years ago still haunts me in my dreams.
4	The service and food are technically 5-star but the combinations are so unusual it was tough to find the rounded meal I expect. Almost no vegetarian options.
4	Have dined here two other times, both of which included Bobby Flay burgers which are very very good!   This time we were on East Coast time, starving  with the fall-back time change, we had an extra long wait for them to open on a recent Sunday morning.  Finally they opened and we got in the line that had suddenly cropped up hoping we didn't need reservations.  After a short wait, we were led to a small table for two.Our waiter was very friendly and efficient, but I don't know that he actually HEARD what we said to him.  After explaining the difference in their three signature margaritas, having had the peach one before (which he described as sour), I ordered that, and husband went for coffee.  Waiter was very very right...this drink tasted like pure sour mix.  I couldn't taste the peach at all, unlike the past when I've had it and it was very peachy.  I even questioned him about whether he had brought the right drink.  He assured me it was the right drink and I drank it doggone it...it was my duty!  Although I do remember what it USED to taste like.  Just sayin' Bobby!TIP TIP TIP:  SHARE meals here.  Share appetizers/meals/salads whatever.  I wish we had done that, but we were both so hungry that we each ordered entrees.  I opted for:  SP I C Y  CH I C K E N  + SW  E E T  PO T  A  T  O  HA S HP o a c h e d   E g g s    +   G r e e n   C h i l e  H o l l a n d a i s e  $18Husband went with:RA N C H   ST Y L E   EG G S   TO S T  A  D AC r i s p y   F l o u r   T o r t i l l a    A n c h o   C  h  i l e   -   T  o m  a t  o   S a u c  e    +   W h i t e   C h e d d a r   C h e e s e  $16.We were brought a basket of great baked goods that included adorable and delicious tiny jalapeno biscuits, Bobby's usual blue cornbread muffin (which always falls apart when try to eat it, but is more moist than it used to be) and a delicious blueberry baked something.  Husband's coffee was excellent!  And out came the entrees.  Both were HUGE.  If only Husband did poached eggs maybe we could've shared, but he doesn't so all I got was a taste of his, and he took a taste of mine then dove back into his.  Mine was really good, but Waiter had said it was the spiciest thing on the menu (6 out of 10 he said).  I had said bring on the spice.  I would give it maybe a 2 out of 10 on the spicy scale.  It was good, but would've loved a small amount of it along with something else.  It was too much of one thing.  Husband's dish that sounded so plain and ordinary was fabulous!  (at least the one bite I got).  In hindsight, I would recommend sharing a couple different things.  Am still a fan of Mesa Grill and would not hesitate to go back, but would order differently in the future. And sincerely hope they fix the peach problem!
5	If you watch any of those cooking shows on Food Network, you sometimes hear them say that the flavors came in "waves" or had "depth".  Mesa Grill is the first restaurant where I really experienced this.  In addition, while I was in Vegas, I also had dinner at Emeril's Table 10.  That was a huge drop off from Mesa Grill.  I believe Bobby Flay is America's top chef.  Everything was excellent.  Appetizers, entrees and dessert....all very good.  My guests all thought I was the "man" for making this reservation. RD
5	Bobby has really brought tex mex to the mainstream. We got salmon, grouper and steak/eggs for brunch and it was great!
4	Alright, I'll be honest. I'd been wanting to come to Mesa Grill ever since I saw that one episode of Best Thing I Ever Ate where the tiger shrimp corn tamales were featured. So when my boyfriend and I were about to head back home from our anniversary vacation I just had to get over to Mesa Grill to try that dish, and wow.. it was so good I'm STILL thinking about it a whole 11 hours later. If you love a creamy, buttery dish full of corn and shrimp, you will be a happy person. I cleaned my whole plate. Though they only give you around 4 shrimps, you will still be happy because of the yummy sauce you can dip your complimentary bread into, and the masa, which I could seriously eat bowls of. My boyfriend ordered the blue corn pancake with bbq duck and he was very happy with it. I would definitely love to come back here again and try some more of Bobby Flay's yummy sounding dishes. I should also mention that we were seated promptly without a reservation, and our waiter was great.. knowledgeable about the menu, friendly, and helpful. Oh and the womens' bathroom smelled like watermelon. An odd observation, but I had to share.
4	This place is really good! I went there there for brunch. I had a carrot and mango juice which was REALLY good. I also had the blue corn waffle which was different but good... it was sweet. Home fries were okay, a little chewy/hard. Another side they had was grits, I don't even like grits and I thought they were good.
5	Not much to add that hasn't been said before so I will reiterate what I found helpful. I've been for both brunch and dinner - equally amazing whichever way you go, but brunch is a serious fraction of the dinner cost (less than half). First tip: share everything.  It means you can experiment with more foods, and the portions are pretty crazy (especially the steaks).  Personally, for my husband and I we do 2 apps, 1 steak and 2 sides for dinner.  For breakfast, we did 1 app and 2 entrees.  Second tip: order the margarita that they advertise as the perfect margarita (it's pretty close).  Third tip: order the tiger shrimp tamale appetizer, the one that was featured on the Best Food I Ever Ate (it is that good).  Only drawback is that the place is popular, which means a few things you have to just accept and move past so they don't ruin the experience: reservations on popular weekends have to be made weeks in advance (on Halloween weekend we had to reserve with a credit card and $50 no show commitment), the reservation time doesn't always correlate to the time you will be seated (on busy nights the place is definitely overbooked), bar area is small so waiting for your table with a drink in hand is harder than it should be. Lastly, while the servers have always been very knowledgeable, cool and have a pretty iron clad spiel to pump you up about the impending awesomeness of your meal, the front desk is a bit snotty (especially for a place with cowhide covered seats) and you just have to brush off the attitude.
5	Everything I expected and more from Bobby Flay's restaurant. I was surprised that it was so casual as I saw many people decked in jeans and a t-shirt. But hey, it's right by a sports book area in Caesar's Palace. Tiger shrimp and garlic roasted tamale was extremely tasty. Might have liked it better than my entree. I got the salmon and wife got tuna steak. Both were very good. My salmon had a fantastic crust with a semi-sweet ancho chile sauce. I was jealous of my wife's tuna steak. It was prepared rare as it's sashimi-grade of course and it was bangin! Plating was awesome and the flavors popped with every bite. We got the Pomegranate Brussel Sprouts on the side. I was nervous because I've never had Brussel Sprouts and hear all the child horror stories. Boy was I relieved. This side was awesome! The pomegranate pairing was perfect and the sprouts were full of this nutty, roasted flavor. YUM-O!Don't know why he lost a Michelin star a couple years ago but who cares, I give it a Good Year star.
2	Let me first start off by saying that this was one of the places that I was more excited to visit than any other place because I think Bobby Flay is a bad ass.  I like watching food network and I Bobby Flay always tries to bring the heat. bring the flavor.  Bobby Flay, I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this restaurant.  We were seated to our table, and our waiter came out to speed read us our menu and his recommendations.  I started with a bloody and when my wife stated that water was all she wanted, the waited ignored her and showed her the drink menu, gave more opinions of what he would have etc etc.  When she reiterated that all she wanted was water, he glared, yes folks, glared and walked away.  So our food came out real fast... too fast... As in yeah we had this made already and just warmed it up a touch.  I don't need my food made from scratch each and every time, I just don't want it to taste like it was made days ago and reheated.  So I had the  Mesa burger. Double cheddar cheese. Grilled Vidalia onion. Horseradish mustard.  Asked for medium rare/medium.  got medium well/well.  if you are going to ask me how I want it cooked you should try to adhere to that level of "cookedness" ;-)  The burger was lack luster from bun to burger to onion to my mouth.  Nothing about this burger was good aside from the horseradish mustard, which had a nice kick.  If I wanted a mediocre burger I would go to applebee's or something like that.  At least there I would not be let down with a bad tasting burger, I would expect it.  Tiger shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamale is what my wife had.  Oh course I ate some too, sharing is caring.  We agreed that the shrimp was overcooked.  I think that this dish would have been pretty good if the shrimp was not overcooked.  It surely had the potential.  The tamale was great, soft moist flavorful.  No wonder this dish has been on the menu since the opening of the restaurant. So overall this place was a let down.  I was looking for flavor and heat, really did not get any of that here.  I was so rushed through my meal and my waiter was so rude that it made me feel like I was at a fast food restaurant.  It seemed, however just an assumption, that once we declared only one cocktail per our table, hey we drank all day gambling and needed a break, it felt like the waiter saw us as a low profit table, and treated us thus.  Really wanted to like this place. ;-(
4	Sooooo, my lovely girlfriend and I decided to check this place out.  It was pretty much what I had expected from a well known chef. We had the concierge make our reservation for us, and arrived a little earlier than we had expected.  This was apparently no problem, as we were seated immediately.  Our waitress was pleasant and explained everything to us fairly promptly after we sat down. I ordered the pork tenderloin and my sweetheart had the Stuffed pepper.  We were probably expecting to wait a little bit for our food to arrive after ordering, but surprisingly we were served somewhat quickly.  I'd say within about 10 minutes of ordering our food, it was sitting in front of us. Both of our entrees were really well prepared and very tasty. If I had to complain about anything, it would be the ice cubes.  I had expected that maybe for once (in vegas) that when I ordered up a bourbon on the rocks, I'd actually, finally see a real ice cube. Especially in a restaurant where people are supposed to know about these things.  It was pretty disappointing to have three slivers of ice, that had basically melted by the time I was served.  Honestly I'm only really complaining about it since on the dessert and drink menu they list a glass of a nice bourbon for $35.  I feel like if you were to order the higher end stuff as an after dinner drink, you would be pretty disappointed if you ordered it on the rocks.  I know that this is a small detail to most, but I think many people that drink scotch or bourbon would agree.  If you're ordering a drink on the rocks, there is a reason for it.  Overall the experience was great, and I would definitely stop her again sometime, though I think maybe for lunch, and hit up someplace a bit more high end for dinner.
5	Food so good that I wanted to eat them with my genitals.
3	I had lofty expectations going in to Mesa Grill and I felt like everything was just "meh." We went in with a party of 5 and got seated rather quickly for a Sunday brunch. We had all heard great things about Bobby Flay's food and we really wanted to try it before we left. I got the signature shrimp tamale that Bobby Flay is known for and it was just sort of bland to me. The shrimp was perfectly cooked but the sauce was "meh" and there wasn't enough of it. I really wish there was more kick to it. Our table also had the steak and egg which was just okay and my other friend ordered this cold sliced pork sandwich that was actually the favorite of the table. It was very nicely seasoned and what we would have expected for Bobby Flay's food. Also, they give you a nice bread basket at the start of the meal which was really good.The service was also medicore (seemed like they wanted to get us out even though there was a bunch of empty seats). All in all, an okay place. I'll have to maybe try it again for dinner.
5	Dropped by for lunch and tried the pumpkin soup and Mesa Burger, blown away! Definitely will be going back. Really good service too.
5	Everything here was exceptional!  The restaurant is absolutely beautiful!  The cocktails and apps were a great start.  My mouth still waters when I think of the Cioppino and the veal chop we ordered!
3	Food is excellent. The blue corn cake and the Partido Margarita were awesome. However, my entree, the green chile burger, I ordered medium and it came out well done. I informed the waiter but they didn't offer to fix it or comp me for it.  Choked down 1/2 a dry burger.  Guess I'll stick to The Burger Palace.
4	Whoahhhh!!! Now this is what i call a throw down!Of course, i'm referencing Bobby Flay's inventive cuisine at his southwestern themed restaurant in Caesar's palace, Las Vegas.   It was our first night and after winning a grip of change form the slots at Caesar's, my friend suggested eating at Mesa Grill for din din.  I wasn't too familiar with the restaurant but when I realized it was Bobby Flay's joint, my interest was certainly piqued.  Truth be told, i'm not a Flay fanatic by an stretch, but a little star power never hurt anyone IMO.  With that said, there's always the pressing issue of hype over substance which in turn had me proceeding with cautious optimism.  As we made our way across the bustling casino and stepped into the restaurant, I definitely felt the warmth of the contemporary Latin theme throughout the communal dining space, which was flanked with rich reds and soft golden hues. Within moments, the hostess greeted us and proceeded to lead us to our seats.  Our server wasted no time in taking our orders, as well.In record time, we got our beautifully plated appetizers and entrees. Let's just say my doubts melted away with my very first bite! Wow, this food had big, bold flavor and the quality was incredible! Here's a rundown of what we had:Shrimp tamale - Plump, juicy and mouthwatering gulf shrimp in a fresh corn meal that was both rich & flavorful. Outstanding! Tuna nachos - Fresh chunks of seasoned ruby red tuna in a sweet & tangy sauce that had a pleasant citrusy finish. The crisp corn tortilla added a nice contrast in texture to this refreshingly vibrant dish! Lip smacking goodness in every bite!Pork tenderloin - This dish was absolutely phenomenal!!! The meat was like a perfectly cooked filet! It was soft, buttery and rich. Perfectly decadent and oh so flavorful! Honestly, the meat was so tender, i kept asking my friends "Are you sure this is pork?" Spice Filet - Buttery, tender and succulent beef filet with a pleasant kick from the house spices! Scrumptious!Lamb chops - Beautiful crust and perfectly pink inside. Boasting a magnificent charbroiled flavor that was absolutely addicting! Seconds please!Corn - Fresh cuts of corm kernels with explosive flavor and fantastic texture. This is a side you don't wanna miss!After consuming all that delicious food, we simply had no additional room for dessert. Besides, wehad our minds set on some chocolate decadence at Max Brenner's afterwards (review forthcoming)Overall, service was attentive, friendly and fast. The food, of course, was incredible and most importantly, it didn't break the bank either!Why? Because this birthday boy didn't have to pay...lolHappy Eats!
2	I was really not impressed with this place.  I came here for brunch, so this is more of a brunch critique since I haven't been here for dinner.  I could have ordered the wrong thing, but seriously, shouldn't everything on the menu be amazing?  I ordered the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash.  The sweet potato was diced and mixed in with diced chicken.  I barely had any chicken in the mix of my dish.  Flavor wise the whole dish was average.  It seemed like everyone was getting the steak and eggs, so you should probably go for that if you ever try this place.  Dont get the chicken and sweet potato hash or else you'll be disappointed like me.  I will probably never come back to Mesa grill because of that dish.
5	Bobby Flay restaurants are always excellent. The flavors are truly something to be experienced - layer after layer of great tastes in each bite.
5	Tiger shrimp tamale, black bean chili relleno and goat cheese queso fundido were all excellent appetizers.  The couple next to us oredered the chili rubbed steak which looked awesome (they said it was, too!).  We ate at bar and the house margaritas on the rocks were some of the best we have had.  A little pricey but its Vegas and Bobby Flay.  Can't wait to go back!
5	One of my favorites ever, I think the one in NYC is slightly better, but both locations are fantastic. I ate here 4 times over the week since I was at the hotel for a conference. I have tried many items, and all of them are fantastic.
5	Dear Bobby Flay,You restaurant was awesome. But might I add, one of your chefs might of over marinated my boyfriends ribeye a little too much. You know? But let me tell you that bbq duck with blue corn pancake was spectacular!!! So good I almost fainted with joy :). The lamb chops were tender and cooked perfectly, i almost didn't think I was eating lamb chops. Good stuff! Until my stomach mets your food again. :)Janet :)p.s.nom nom nom
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. For drinks, I highly recommend the cactus pear margarita. I don't usually order margaritas, but I decided to order one here because it sounded good - and I must say - it was amazing! Best margarita I've ever had. For the food, we went with the servers recommendations. We ordered a few of the tiger shrimp tamales, and the blue corn pancake. Aside from the margarita, the appetizers were the highlight of the meal. Amazing.For the main course, we all decided to go with their specialty and ordered the pork tenderloin. It was actually a lot of food and was cooked perfectly. It had a bit of kick to it, so if you don't like spicy food, then this wouldn't be the dish for you. The service was also great. My only complaint would be the timing of the meal. We got our drinks and appetizers super fast and then we seriously waited another 25 minutes to receive our main course. But other than that, this place is worth trying.
4	NOMMY  :)Walked into Mesa Grill at around 5:30 p.m. on a Wednesday night.  Greeted by a friendly staff and immediately seated.  Our waitress was super nice and sweet!  We were brought three types of bread - jalapeno sourdough, a corn muffin, and walnut raisin bread.  Because I'm allergic to walnuts, they brought us two bread baskets and even cut the bread at a different station to avoid contamination.  Here is a rundown of what we ordered:Cocktail - Grapefruit (forgot name):  A+Goat Cheese "Queso Fundido":  A+  -- Melty goat cheese mixed with sweet peppers in a hot cast iron skillet with fresh blue tortilla chips.  yummBlack Angus Strip Steak:  B -- Large cut of steak, outside was tender but parts were very very tough. Mashed Potatoes:  A+ -- Smooth and creamy.  delish.Ancho Chili - Honey Glazed Salmon:  A+ -- Perfectly cooked medium well.Smoked Chili Collard Greens:  A+ -- Perfectly seasoned and yummaaa!We were so full that we couldn't order dessert.  :(  The table next to us ordered a coconut cake that looked sooo good.  Boo...Overall, great food and service.  4 star rating because of the steak.  At $48 a pop, we would have expected a melt in your mouth experience...
3	I thought the burger was all right and I would visit again, but the restaurant is not a must stop on my Vegas trips. The green chile burger was topped with pickled onions, which I didn't understand. While the meat was juicy, it wasn't as flavorful as I had hoped. Maybe I caught the chefs on an off day. I prefer a burger from Rustic Canyon. The pork from the New Mexican spiced pork tenderloin sandwich was all right and more flavorful than the burger. The seasoned fries were yum and crispy.Notables: all of the desserts have nuts.
4	Ever since our first visit we had been longing for a second try.  Finally got to go to Vegas for vacation again and we reserved for Mesa right the way.Their food is great as usual.  I couldn't resist ordering the ribeye again medium rare, and it's terrific as ever.  Very nice crust on the outside, juicy meat on the inside.  And the sauce pairs so well with it.  My wife ordered the salmon this time, very moist and juicy, she loved it too.  For appetizer we ordered the shrimp tamale and duck pancake.  But was done very well and very tasty.  Mesa Grill food are always on the strong side, but you never feel food being too overpowering and I could definitely have more.  However, food aside, I have to say we were not as impressed about their staff services this time around.  On our first visit it was fabulous.  This time our server was very nice but not top notch by my book.  The staff at the front though really left us some bad taste.  First of all, when we made reservation, my wife clearly said 7 people, 4 adults and 3 kids.  When we arrived and checked, they said no only 6 people.  Fine, things happen and I consider that innocent mistake.  But the staff didn't show any "concern" or "eagerness" to help fix the problem.Ending up my wife stood there for a few seconds and asked "so is this going to be OK?"  The male and female staff stood there, looked at each other, talked a bit, and said "yeah it's fine".  My wife then said "OK, thanks.  We will be waiting outside because of the kids".  Both staff did NOT even acknowledged her, not even looked at her once. Seriously?  To me it's very basic customer service to at least acknowledge your customers.  I don't even we were even asking for the unreasonable.  Mesa is not the most expensive restaurant out there but still on the high side, so I personally expect better services overall.
4	Holy Yum Batman!!! This was the best dinner I had while in Vegas.Our visit was near x-mas, so I can't speak to the wait time since there wasn't one for us. Our waiter was prompt, friendly, informative, and super observant. He was always quick to be at our table when it looked like we needed him.We had the goat cheese appetizer, the quesadilla appetizer, the 16 spice chicken, the chicken tacos (an app, but it was my entree), the chile rellenos, and the salmon. (this was for 4 people).After the appetizers we realized we weren't that hungry and were suprised at the portion size of our entrees. They're alittle small for the price. So it was good for our tummys but not for our wallets.Churros were for dessert, the waiter talked us into it!I would totally go back when i visit next.
2	First off let me just say that I do not believe this place is worth going to for dinner. For the money, you can get much better food at countless restaurants on the strip. You don't need a white guy from NYC introducing you to Southwest cuisine. If you care about Iron Chef, excited about the idea of paying $18 for a tamale or can't experience something like Yucatan flavors where you're from, then I say go for it. With all that being said, I have been here for brunch two times and had a decent experience. The prices are reasonable, they have straight forward dishes and I was able to get mezcal, which isn't so easy to find in Vegas. My girlfriend and I were going to be in Vegas for Christmas and I thought this would be a good option for Holiday brunch. I called and made a reservation for brunch and there was no mention made of any changes. When we got there, the restaurant was noticibly empty and we were told that brunch was not being served for Christmas, and only the dinner menu (not even the lunch menu) was available. The waiter mentioned that he was sorry and this has resulted in several walkouts throughout the day. We walked out and I felt terrible because the loss of business affects the wait staff as much as anybody and it was Christmas. However, we came specifically for brunch, was never told that only the dinner menu would be available and as I mentioned earlier, wouldn't pay for the dinner fare. I know this is extremely case specific, but the whole experience was a major letdown and perhaps it is magnified more because it was Christmas. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this place anyways except for brunch. -JRS
3	We ate lunch at Mesa. We started off with the white goat cheese fondito  it was very good.  We followed that up with Mesa Burgers.  Very nice in appearance, but it was nearly impossible to eat.  Lettuce and grilled onions on the bottom of the burger ??  That caused all sorts of slippery problems.  Lol!   The mustard was actually horseradish with a teaspoon of Dijon in it. Made the eyes water....  I had much higher expectations from BF. $51.00 for 2 burgers and an appetizer and 1 Tea.  Glad we tried it out but won't be back.
3	I LOVE Bobby Flay.  That being said, I was slightly disappointed with my experience at Mesa Grill.  My husband and I made a reservation for dinner several weeks in advance, and we were promptly seated when we arrived.  We were greeted by our server that had a lengthy initial spill about specials and whatnot (I stopped listening after about 30 seconds).  After enjoying a long happy hour, we opted to cool it on the martinis at dinner, and our server pushed and pushed and pushed for us to buy drinks.  I understand that it's your job to sell and upsell, but geez, I was very irritated with her before we even got our entrees.  Once we ordered our entrees, we were delivered a lovely basket of assorted breads which were heavenly.  After seeing Bobby's tiger shrimp on "Best Thing I Ever Ate", we opted to start off with them.  They were also very delicious.  My husband ordered the tuna, and I ordered the salmon.  We were both very disappointed.  The tuna flavors just seemed off, and my salmon was very undercooked (I specified medium rare), and it was definitely rare.  The sauces that lay under the salmon were divine, however.  Other than the entree disappointments, I was highly surprised by the inefficiency of our server.  She was very slow and not knowledgable enough for an upscale-ish place of this sort.  There is some tweaking to be done at Mesa Grill.  I'm not sure if we'll be back.
4	Mesa Grill fully met my expectations and then some.I had always wanted to go try Bobby Flay's restaurant as I watch wayyyyyy too much food network tv.  So last weekend in Vegas I got the chance and was so glad I did.  #1 rule make reservations just trust meI ate the Rabbit and yes it was amazing served on bone and off so you get best of both worlds there.  Jalapeno margarita was awesome but not on menu.  Thank you Mr. Bartender for hooking up the request.
5	Love, love, love this place for brunch.  Have been numerous times for brunch and have never had a bad entree.  Also really enjoy the unique bread selection with brunch, which includes items like mini coffee cakes and mini scones (all with slightly southwestern flavors).  Having been to Mesa Grill in NYC several times as well, this location does not offer quite the same level of food (as one would expect).  Service at the NYC location also tends to be a bit more professional, although the service that I've received in LV has always been exceptionally friendly and attentive so no complaints.
4	Nothing is wrong with the food, our entrees were delicious and very filling. The lamb was cooked to perfection. The location however is horrendous...it has a food-court feeling and lacks the intimate dining experience you would expect of a place like this. Good food, but probably would look somewhere else next time around given the myriad of options in LV.
5	Hostesses there lack brain activity and manners but the rest was amazing!  Waitress was fantastic.  We had the chopped salad, corn tamale, and the pork tenderloin.  All were amazing.  This is a must stop in Vegas.
3	Mehhhh! So we had 5pm dinner reservations for 6ppl. 3 of us arrived a few minutes early and checked in, the host advised us we wouldnt be seated until all of our party arrived and that our table wasnt ready. Thr waiting area was packed and we sat at the bar. There were a ton of empty tables, but whatev. We ordered 2 Partida margaritas and I asked for a frozen one but it was either straight or on the rocks... Ok, when anyone thinks of a margarita they think of a yummy frozen drink. This was the second fail.  The rest of our party arrived and we let the waitress know... But we still ended up waiting another 20mins. Finally we get seated and our waitress gives us our menus and 2 mins later asks if we are ready to order, ahhh! No way man!I look at the menu and first im in price shock, but then I was like "is this all?" The selections werent impressive at all. I usually only eat chicken and here they had only one dish!!! They had a ton of meat and a lot of fish. The entree prices are 25$ and up. We ordered a few apps: the shrimp tamale, the chicken tacos, the chorizo meatballs, and some salads.Ok so heres the rundown!The apps: ok so for 12$-18$ for apps I expect not just 1 tamale or 3 small balls... But this is what you get. The chorizo had a smooth texture, which I am not used to, and were sooo small! Basically each of the 6 of us got half a ball. We also had to share 1 measly tamale and 3 chicken skewers and soft tortillas... Ahh! Dinner: I ordered 16 spice chicken. I noticed that the sides were 8$ each... What!? Whatever we ended.up ordering 2 mashed potatos which to me were creamy and bland &Some brussel sprouts. My chicken came and it was a piece of dark and light rubbed in what seemed like adobo spices. I tried it and it def needed salt imo and towards the middle it looked a little pink so I stopped eating it. Sad face for sure. I ended up just eating some jalapeno bread and the dark piece.My gringo friends love it here; I am not a fan. Its a small amount of food for the price which was whatever. I didnt like that we had to wait for a reservation and my friend had to ask twice for items he ordered. The waitress was ok, a lil weird : ) we dropped 600$ with tip and they were acting like we were bothering them by asking them for things. Oh well! I did love their paper towels in the bathroom!
5	Hello, Bobby Flay obsession. How are you?My husband and I came here for their Saturday Brunch. We had reservations and maybe had to wait a little bit, but I was so geeking out over being here that I didn't even care. We were seated and got the bread basket. Even this was yummy. They have teeny corn bread, and little muffins, and some other deliciousness. For the meal, I got the chilaquiles and husband ordered the burger. My chilaquiles were so good! The sauces went together perfectly and the blue corn tortillas were pretty. My husband said his burger was one of the best he's had. Props to Bobby Flay for a good restaurant and bigger props to his chefs for executing delicious dishes.
5	For Christmas next year I would like Bobby Flay to be my personal chef. I just adore this restaurant. I would go so far as to say that this might be my favorite restaurant in the US. This was the second time I have had the pleasure of dining at the Mesa Grill and it was even better the second time. Every dish was sumptuous and flavorful. Our waiter offered some fantastic suggestions, including the roasted pumpkin soup and cremini mushroom quesadilla. We also enjoyed the gala apple salad, the blue corn pancake, and the special of pork with an apple glaze. I particularly like that while this restaurant is located in one of the fancier hotels and is nicely decorated, it is not so formal that you can't just sit back and enjoy yourself. Makes for a very pleasurable dining experience. I shall now make it my goal to visit every Bobby Flay restaurant.
3	Not bad.  Came here for lunch.  Wasn't overly impressed by the hamburger.  So it alone brings down the ratings.  The fries were really good.  And the breads (corn bread, jalapeno bread, blueberry bread etc.) they provided for you were really tasty and unique.Want to try again.
5	Mesa Grill always delivers. Its not fancy high and food that someone has to teach you to enjoy, its peoples food and flavors.*It is pricey though-as with any celebrity chef establishment.
4	Reasonable for Vegas and very delicious. I have nothing to add that hasn't been stated but I advise skipping the shrimp appetizer.  According to our waiter, the shrimp dish has been on the menu since the restaurant's opening. The tables next to ours also ordered it and were raving about it. Although it was delicious, it wasn't that memorable or particularly great.  The shrimp was medium size and came with a sauce, which I'm struggling to remember.  We also ordered the chicken tacos which were a far superior appetizer.
5	We were doing some strolling through Ceasar's Palace on New Years and, after some light shopping, started to work up a nice appetite. My boyfriend would probably challenge me on my definition of "light" gauging by his lack of jubilance in my shopping endeavors. But this is Ceasars Palace we're talking about here...a shopper's mecca!! Sorry, I digress... now on to the brunch.My boyfriend has been to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill NY location and he recommended we try his westcoast counterpart. Sometimes him and I depart on our culinary appraising, but in this instance are thoughts and assessments were in full-fledged alliance. There was a 30 minute wait, which wasn't too bad considering it was New Year's weekend and home of culinary/restaurateur extraordinaire, Bobby Flay. I was blown away by their Saturday Brunch (which is served till 3 p.m. on Saturdays & Sundays). Mid-meal, ( I just couldn't wait till the end of brunch) I was already singing -- well, actually texting -- Mesa Grill praises to a few friends and family.I went with our server's recommendation and a Mesa Grill favorite brunch item -- the Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash. It was unforgettable! The blend of poached eggs, savory grilled chicken, sweet potato cubes, bell peppers, salsa and green chile hollandaise was staggering. Pair that with one of their savory bread basket medley items, which is divinity in a basket, and your taste buds will be working full throttle. The fresh-baked jalapeno cornbread muffins, tequila berry scones and raspberry coffee crumb cake squares were delicious! My boyfriend said the scone was the best ever! My boyfriend orded the Lamb Cobb Salad and one of their specialty drinks, a whiskey & champagne concoction. A real rarity for my boyfriend to order a salad but I think he gravitated toward the fusion of barbequed lamb, avocado, blue cheese and bacon & buttermilk dressing. He loved it!Mesa Grill is truly worth experiencing if you're in Vegas. The swanky southwestern decor and dishes are sensational.  I will sing, text, write and dance Mesa Grill praises for some time to come. Maybe one day I'll try the New York or Bahamas location :-)
5	Excellent service, amazing food & killer maragaritas... what else could you ask for?Gala Apple salad was surprisingly amazing--   Had the signature dish pork medallions -- sweet/spicy. ... yum!  Don't let the waiter's rating of 7-8/10 on the spicy scale fool you...yes they had a kick but I've had medium spicy Thai food that was hotter.... huge portions made me unable to finish my entree, so I didn't get dessert.Need a reservation for sure.
2	We wanted to try this place since we see Bobby Flay on tv all the time.  Overall it was ok.  I tried the recommend filet and it was ok.  The other members of the party tried the pork tenderloin and luv it.  The major reason they only get 2 stars was the wait staff.  There was a strangely long wait for the apps and between the apps and main course.  When we looked over, the staff were talking among themselves while our food where just sitting there.  Definitely had better in Vegas.
4	We've been to MESA 5 times now... Very cool atmosphere and a good variety of menu choices. I suggest splitting a few appetizers before your entree (blue corn duck pancakes, tiger shrimp tamales). You get a variety of fresh bread and muffins before you order. Good wine selection and strong cocktails. I've ordered the Ribeye twice... once it was the best steak I ever had the second time it was a little too fatty. Filet minon is good as well. I don't normally order desserts but you have to at MESA. Churro's, coconut cake etc are great... The menu choices change with the seasons. If you go with a large party 10 or more you get a private room. PS- Make reservations at least 30 days in advance!
5	I am a sucker for great food, and who isn't? But a was a little worried that Mesa Grill could be one of those "just marketing" or "just name" kind of restaurants, as Bobby Flay owns this. That was not the case.Mesa Grill delivers the goods. Located in Ceasar's Palace, it does look a little unassuming from the outside, but once you go inside, you get the full perspective, sections and layers of levels make the most of the somewhat limited space. I strongly suggest you make reservations first.The service is quite good, with a very knowledgeable waiter, who knows the menu by heart and can guide you and help you make the right decision. We started off with the Yucatan Chicken Tacos, the rough cut Tuna Nachos, the Tiger Shrimp with the Roasted Corn Tamale, and a Crab Cake. They were all good, but the Tuna Nachos and the Tiger Shrimp were just superb.Our waiter told us that there are two dishes that made this restaurant famous, the Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and the Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon. My friends ordered the Black Angus New York Strip Steak and I ordered the Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. My dish has to be one of the top 10 dishes I've had, period. You would not believe this was pork if they didn't tell you, it was tender and juicy, cooked just right.We ate so much that we couldn't finish our dishes even though we tried to.I must say, that this place is on the pricier side, but this is Vegas, and this was a memorable meal.Make Mesa Grill a stop on your next Vegas trip.
3	The food was pretty descent for the most part. My biggest issue was that they used really bony scrappy cuts of meat for the lamb tenderloin and thought it was ok.
5	Only four stars for this place? Wow, those people have some hard-to-please taste buds!  I've been here twice and had the coffee-rubbed filet both times and it is in the top few steaks I've ever had.  The sauces that come on the plate are outstanding and add to the steak rather than taking away from it.  The corn-crusted chile relleno side dish is the best relleno i've ever had.  I just wish they still had the corn bread pudding.  That was a.ma.zing.
3	Duck was dry in BBQ duck appetizer. Coconut cake was meh. Got a stale piece of bread in my basket. Service was pleasant though. Creative menu, but complacency about details in the execution meant everything was just a little off.
5	This is the best restaurant I've been to in Vegas.  Make reservations in advance or you may not get in.  Many of the other "famous chef" restaurants in town suffer from quality let-downs.  Bobby Flay's Mesa is the one exception to this.   I have been to this place five times now in the past 5 years and it always wows me.  My two favorite appetizers are the tiger shrimp and corn tamale (a wonderful combination), and the blue corn pancake with BBQ duck.  For entrees, you can't go wrong with the spice rubbed pork tenderloin - very tasty and tender, with a bit of zing.  The fresh fish is also good.  On my last trip we had the grilled dorado - which was tender and flavorful.  For sides, you have to try the grilled brussels sprouts with toasted pecans - even if you don't like brussels sprouts, you'll like these.
5	Brunch highlight was the Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash. It was unforgettable! Poached eggs, grilled chicken, cubed sweet potatoes, bell peppers, salsa and green chile hollandaise was insane. It came with their complimentary bread basket medley, which is divinity in a basket. By now your taste buds are working full throttle. The raspberry coffee crumb cake squares were my fav, but the jalapeno cornbread muffins and tequila berry scones were all delicious!
5	I go to Vegas once or twice a year and when I go I don't leave without eating at Mesa Grill at Caesar's Palace. My review here is a simple one. Amazing food, great cocktails and kind of pricy. Get an appetizer (Rough cut tuna nachos are to die for) the salmon and the mojito (No, they don't go together, but wow they are good!) and do NOT skip dessert. The deep dish banana cream pie is spot on and will end your meal perfectly. Try this place out - you will not regret it!!!
5	We really love the food here.  It is a little pricey but the food is delicious.  I would highly recommend that you try this place out.  They will also let you look at the Bobby Flay cookbooks at the table if you ask.
5	I am not a guy who likes trendy restaurants. So, I was apprehensive when our group of 6 selected Mesa Grill for a celebration dinner. Let me just say that everything was as it should be.Reservations: on timeService: The bestStarters: The shrimp tamales are incredibleMain Dish: Fillets, Pork Tenderloin, Tuna were all excellentPrice: ReasonableI know this is a Tex Mex restaurant and the food is spiced. My comment to our group was that my fillet was such a great cut of meat and so perfectly grilled that next time I would request no spice rub on it. It would have been perfect on its own.
5	This restaurant was PHENOMENAL, and I loved the service we got from this restaurant.  A few of us ordered the partida margarita, and it was delicious.  I highly recommend that margarita, and after 2 of those, you will feel good.  We started off with the queso fundido, and it was gone in a few minutes, the dish may or may not have been scraped to complete emptiness.  I ordered the blue mesa burger, it is big enough to split between 2 people, and their seasoned fries were tasty.  Another person at the type ordered the chille burger with some sort of white cheese on it, it was really good.  Burgers are HUGE here and worth every $$$$!  I loved the service, and I will come back when I go back to Vegas.
5	Bobby Flay really knows how to do some great stuff with corn!  No sooner had we landed in the firey furnace of hell (aka Vegas) then we dashed into Caesar's and were promptly seated at a spacious table at the Mesa Grill.  The complimentary bread basket is like your own private bakery chock full of muffins and rolls and bread sticks and bread...made of different textures and colors of corn and whole grains. I loved the blue corn muffins so much that I ate my husband's and my brothers-in-law's and was tempted to creep my fingers over to the next table and swipe theirs too!My husband ordered iced tea which arrived with a tiny glass decanter of simple syrup with which to sweeten it--but don't think they limited your selection to the simple syrup---they also offered all sorts of natural sugars and artificial sweeteners!  I go to nice places on occasion but I can't think of the last time I was so impressed with small details!   I felt like some kind of hillbilly!I ordered the fresh fish of the day which was tasty although I don't really remember it as much as the shrimp tamale my husband ordered.  I can hardly wait to go back to Vegas to have another one of those for myself!  One of my brothers-in-law ordered the blue corn buttermilk waffle with blackberry bourbon syrup and vanilla creme fraiche.  I have to say that it was delicious, but it was fourteen dollars, and compared to the other entrees we had at our table with meat and fresh seafood was comparatively priced--therefore overpriced.  I mean a waffle.  For fourteen bucks.  My other brother-in-law ordered the chilaquiles.  Which were also very flavorful and complex.  I had never had blue corn before so I bought some Bob's Red Mill blue cornmeal on Amazon and have begun to experiment.  Not quite ready for a Bobby Flay throwdown, however.
5	Unexpected surprises in excellence won 5 stars and fans for life! We went for the bf's birthday as fans already of Bobby Flay and thought it would be good but are happy to say it was GREAT. To start we each got a margarita only because it is their specialty drink .... Yum. Wow! And for apps the fundito quest and duck pancake which were both truly fantastic and recommended by our server as favorites. The quest dip was hot and spicy and gooey ... Served on a little skillet, bubbling at the table, we smiled big. "CHEESE." For supper he got the rabbit and I got pork. From the cornbread at the table to my side in a cornhusk .... To the most tender pork I have ever had to the delightful rabbit, we could not have asked for more. A funny thing that did happen, just to show the service level, I thought I had found a hair in my meal. It wasn't touching anything, so I just asked to be replated. Well, they came back with a whole new meal and it was from the cornhusk .... Not a human. I kinds felt bad but honestly didn't know. What struck me was there wasn't a second thought to creating a new dish even at my request not to. They aim for excellence and surely got it. Love to Bobby Flay and Mesa Grill team. Thanks for making the boyfriend's birthday perfect. We will be back and send all of our Vegas friends.
5	"F***ing Bobby Flay!" So says Ari Gold from the last season of Entourage. Yup, why's the Grill Master have to have food so good that I keep coming back every time I'm in town? I didn't realize till recently that after all these visits to Mesa, I've never written a review. Here are some brunch items I've tried:Any of the quesadillas they have on the menu. I had the crispy bacon and hash brown quesadilla. Spicy chicken and sweet potato hash - Good portions and a nice southwest twist on the regular corned beef hash.Mesa burger - A sign of a good burger for me is one that needs no condiments, is juicy, and has a soft bun. This burger has it.I'm a sucker for pastries so their brunch bread basket is SOOO delicious. The mini fresh scones were the best!The cactus pear iced tea was really refreshing as well and not too sweet.Based on my last waiter's suggestion, I'll have to try the steak and eggs next time.Here are my thoughts on dinner items I've tried:Cremini mushroom quesadilla - I order this every time!Tiger shrimp corn tamale - Heard great things about it but was only Ok.New Mexican spiced rubbed pork tenderloin - A very solid choice with just the right amount of heat. Pork is very tender.Fire roasted veal chop - This is my fav!I still need to try the bone-in ribeye at some point.You can ask for a side of their special chipolte sauce. It's great for dipping with the quesadillas or even your fries. I finish my dinner off usually with the deep dish banana cream pie. Never disappoints and guarantees that I end my dinner on a high note.Staff and service are always top notch. There's a side room that can be reserved for larger parties. Beverages are constantly refilled. Margaritas are tasty, but a bit on the pricier side. Food is always solid. Portions are just right. Price is not unreasonable. I'm always satisfied.Reservations are recommended.
5	Great job Bobby Flay! Goat cheese queso, house burger and house bloody Mary the meal was complete all the way through. If you're looking to spend a little more than usual on lunch, please check out Mesa. Worth the money and the wait if there's a line.
5	Worth the wait to get in. Even with reservations, we had to sit for a bit to get our table but it was no problem.  We started with margaritas which were very, very good.The tuna nacho appetizer was fantastic. So was the tuna steak entree. The salmon was reported as the best ever made. I had a big ribeye which was excellent. The dessert of banana pudding was super good. Great service, extreme care in the food quality and presentation. Be warned, when making reservations, they take your credit card # and will charge you $50 per person if you cancel outside their terms.
3	(It's 5 o'clock in the morning)You ain't got to remind meShe already said if I don't come home on timeShe might go crazy...at MESA GRILL! - T Pain (5 o'clock)I don't think i fully embrace the whole tex-mex concept. I ordered the spicy chicken with sweet potato hash and two poached eggs and it didn't look anything like I expected it to. They were two huge meatball looking things with eggs on top and a hollandaise sauce with a weird spicy sauce on top of that. The whole concept of this dish seemed like a good idea adding in the sweet with the salty but the bites of chicken and hash were a little heavy handed. When you eat all the components together, its not a perfect blend but you just gotta play with the food a lil and find different combinations that work for you. Food: 3 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 3 stars
5	Went here for NYE and it did not disappoint!  I've been to other iron chef restaurants, but I know they're not actually there cooking, so you can't expect perfection.  However, this place delivered!  For $100, we got a 3 course meal and a very tasty amuse bouche.  We tried the tuna nachos and the blue corn pancake (roasted duck!), both were tasty.  For entrees, I had the pork tenderloin and BF had the ribeye.  My pork tenderloin was so juicy and flavorful!  Best I've ever had.  Ribeye was a little grisly and disappointing.  Don't remember what we chose for dessert because we did about 4 shots of some kind of tequila, but I'm sure it was just as good as everything else.  Nice ambiance and not too "Vegas".
5	My 3 friends and I came here for our birthday dinners and we still talk about each of those dishes to this day.First off make sure to make reservations, this place gets packed and without reservations your just gonna be an on looker of all the amazing food.My girlfriend got the Chile rieno, very tasty and looked very pretty.I got the rack of lamb.. omg tasted amazing in my mouth.Our last friend got the Filet Mignon .  It Was the BEST Filet we have ever tasted and we have gone to some awesome streak restaurants . It had pepper encrusted on the outside and was done to a medium rare. It had a sauce that was pared with it but the meat itself had an amazing taste.We have tried to reinvent and copy this dish with no success. our birthdays are coming up in a week and we are heading to vegas again. Looks like for our birthday presents we get to taste this delectable meal again!Can't wait!!
5	4 stars for the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale.  Good but I didnt wow me.5 stars for the honey glazed salmon.  Best Salmon I had so far.  It was cooked perfectly!!!!
2	Let me state first, I had the hots for Bobby Flay for a long long time. We came to Vegas for our honeymoon and my husband knew I HAD to go to a Bobby Flay eatery. What a friggin bust! First off, I, the giddy school girl inside, came right out and asked if Mr Flay was there (obviously knowing there was a 99.9% chance he wasn't), and he wasn't. And the host came right out and asked me "Why, he is so full of himself, such a dick"Yikes, someone got yelled at, or saw something that the TV doesn't show.If your staff is talking like that, then that's a problem.So we sit, and I don't see anything I really want to eat. We get apps.The waiter, glared at us, ignored us, probably because we weren't middle age upper white class. We are in our 20s, tattooed and middle class... sue me! So he finally comes over with these cheddar biscuits- they were pretty good.We get the duck tamales, or something like that... lets just say it went right through us, and we were sick for the last 2 days on our trip.So Bobby FlayYour staff called you a dickYour staff is just as pretentious as youYour food wasn't good, and possibly gave us food poisoning.And I met you a year later at a book signing, and it all came together, you are just a fantasy, a seemingly nice guy on TV- but I think you're host in Vegas said it best....Will never go back.
5	Unbelievable fare.  Soooo good.  We asked our waiter for suggestions and he did not steer us wrong!  Shrimp  Tamale appetizer sets the tone for our meal.  Amazing. Followed by peppered tuna steak.  Definitely indulge in the sides.  We had an amazing (yes I am repeating myself!) corn souffle. No room for dessert, but everything was do delicious and filling it was not needed. I'm definitely coming back.
4	High point of my vegas trip. The corn muffin in the bread basket was the best I've had . I loved everything they had, xcept the churro, which costed $11. Really, $11? I could have the same churro at costco for $1.50.
4	Ready to hate it until I ate it!Ok. Full disclosure: I hate Bobby Flay.  When I see him on various food network shows, I puke.  With that said, the first time I went to Mesa Grill, I was completely ready to have a totally rotten time just to reinforce my opinion of Bobby and give me bitching rights for the future.  Mr. Flay, my humble apology.  You may be a turd on TV, but you have a great restaurant and I've been back multiple times with guests.The vibe is cool.  Just enough isolation from the casino floor to make dining intimate, but a sweeping and impressive view of the sports book in the background that looks like NASA's mission control.  The tuna nachos and the duck laden Blue corn pancakes are fabulous.  The pork loin and the filet are both must haves as is the side dish of chorizo-feta tamales.  Service has always been punctual, but nonintrusive, that's professionalism.  I've always been accommodated for a late notice reservation, even during hectic CES.  My only, purely selfish, complaint is that you no longer offer those truly wonderful caipirinhas.  Maybe something to reconsider?  You did them well.Thanks a lot Bobby for making me almost like you!  Your restaurant is the great persuader - Great meals, all.
5	we ended up here before the elton john concert. we ordered the fundido like we do at all mexican places and it was great. we have to put it up there with the best, ortega's (san diego) and elote cafe (sedona). she had the tenderloin which was amazing. i had the filet. it was really tender, i didnt need a knife. both of our dishes were a lot bigger then what we expected. service was great and the place itself was beautiful.
3	Good food.  Worst service in Vegas.This would have been a solid 4-star review had it not been for our server.  I found him off-putting from the start in a way I couldn't quite pinpoint.  Throughout the meal, however, he was absent at best and rude at worst.  Several times, I made eye contact with him and he walked right past our table.  He never checked in with us and when I asked him for the check, he nodded, placed it on our table after an interval and returned it without so much as a "thank you" or "have a nice day."  In a service town, I'm surprised he has a job.  Maybe just a bad day?The food!  It was good with some great mixed in.  We started with the Smoked Chicken Quesadilla which was the highlight of our meal.  Delicious smokey flavor, great guacamole and a tangy habanero (?) sauce.  Really good and very filling.  This could certainly be an entree, especially at lunch when we went.  My fella enjoyed the Smoked Shrimp Tacos.  Nothing outstanding but good.  I had the Lamb Cobb Salad.  The components of the salad were tasty but the presentation was an absolute mess.  Also, the massive size of the salad dwarfed the portion of lamb.  Ill-conceived but again, tasty.I'm not opposed to going back to Mesa Grill since there were many other menu items that looked appealing.  I have to say, however, that in a city with so much competition from other restaurants, there are some areas they could tighten up.
3	got here at 1:40 on a Saturday.. They were serving the Brunch menu.. (Who serves the Brunch menu at that time on a Saturday??We've been here before...had tuna nachos for an app.had lamb salad for me.(forgot what the wife had). The Tuna Nachos were awesome. absolutely the best Tuna type app ive ever had. It was like sushi with mini nachos on the side. It had some heat.. it had some tang. they were great.My Lamb salad was not that great. I kept finding myself trying to pick out things instead of eating it as a whole... not impressed with it at all..Also, had the mesa burger last time i came here.. wasnt impressed with it either.So menu item wise this place to me is either a solid hit.. or  a solid miss.
2	I went here on Friday night (2-10-12, Las Vegas).  The waiter talked us into the Pork Tenderloin and Rabbit.  The pork was ok but the Rabbit was dried and awful.  The Margaritas were not good.  This place is way over priced for below average food.  Bobby Flay should be embarrassed.
5	Outstanding.  Great Service.  The waiter was very knowledgeable about wines, even about  the great zinfandel  that we brought to dinner.  The shrimp tamale was phenomenal, with layered flavors enhancing the perfectly prepared shrimp and corn.  The rabbit paired with israeli cous cous was one of the best dishes I have ever had.  I am not sue how to describe it, other than be sure that someone at your table gets it.Mesa Grill is definitely worth the money if you are looking for interesting eats!!!
5	I'm a big fan of Bobby Flay, Mesa Grill totally fits the personality; Menu a little skimpy but good to serve everyone I suppose; service, one of the best I've seen in action. You have 3  people watching your every need before and after dinner. Everything was served hot, fast and without hesitation go the distance to please the customer. The food was superb, cooked to perfection; taste-orginal, nothing like it in Vegas.
5	W O WI have nothing but amazing things to say about this restaurant. The Filet Mignon is absolutely delicious. Believe me i know my steaks and this is the place to eat for an amazing piece of meat. Mesa is actually decently priced considering the quality and taste of the meat. I spent 48.00 on a filet mignon and if it were 75.00 i probably would pay that price to for it. Seriously! Ive eaten here probably about 3 times now and its always a guaranted great meal! The times i have been here i have only eaten the filet mignon so i am not really sure how anything else tastes, the filet is good enough for me! lolTender, succulent, juicy, lighty crusted I dont know what else you would want in a piece of meat. Perfection!I would not recommend big groups to eat here cuz it was a little difficult to get a reservation considering the amount of people we had (8). We were able to make reservations for a friday night luckily and we were in and out very quickly. service was pretty good too, very attentive. But if you get the chance eat here! I promise you wont regret it!!!
5	I hate Bobby flay. I hate his show! screw throw downs! But wait this restaurant was awesome. The decor sucked it was over priced but the food was money! For 95 bones with out tip for lunch it better be! Try the burger and tell me different.
4	We had an amazing time at Mesa Grill!! From the service, to the ambiance, to the food, everything was fantastic. We started out with the cactus pear margarita--it was a gorgeous pink color and definitely tasty. A little bit too sweet for my taste, but still good and fresh tasting. We had the tuna nachos and goat cheese fundido as appetizers. I don't eat seafood but the three other people in our party loved the nachos. I personally loved the goat cheese fundido--really flavorful with bell peppers pieces mixed in. For dinner, our table ordered the rib eye, yucatan chicken tacos, and the chile relleno. Oh man, does Bobby Flay know how do flavor! The sauces on each dish were intricate and absolutely amazing. I've never had such a good chile relleno. I don't like eggplant usually,  but I couldn't even tell it was there. The tacos were great as well, with a great mixture of mint and cilantro to top them with (who knew those two mixed so well on tacos?!. The boys loved their rib eye. Our server was perfect, which made the meal even better. We ended dinner with some Don Julio tequila, great for sipping. Thanks for a wonderful dinner, Mesa Grill!
3	I love Bobby Flay so I was excited to come here.It was just OK.  I would give it 3.5 if that was an option.Two entrees and two non-alcoholic beverages totaled $50 for lunch.  I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and bf had shrimp tacos.  Neither one of us was over the moon, but the service was excellent.  It wasn't horrible, it just wasn't as awesome as I was anticipating.
5	Tiger shrimp and roasted garlic tamales were so yummy.The best lamb chops! So tender and flavorful perfectly cooked and the chimchuri ontop was so good! Loved the banana custard, I'm not a big fan of banana desserts but this made me a convert! Service was impeccable and super fast. Had thee best waitress Athens (spelling?) we ended up having an hourlong convo with her as the restaurant closed, gave us amazing recommendation for more eats around town and some eye opening philosophies were shared such an amazing person! Best part of the meal! Thanks Athena!!
3	Had dinner with a large group. We had a superb wine, but I'm sure it was not cheap and was chosen by the host of the dinner. The food? Well...the chopped salad was pretty mediocre, and too filling with all the red kidney beans it it. The table breads and muffins were too dry, kind of inedible.Duck pancake...like someone had poured half a bottle of cheap, sweet syrup on it so who knows what the duck tasted like.The porterhouse lamb chops - very good. This was by far the best thing I had. The lamb was perfectly grilled, and the sauce was inoffensive so you could enjoy the meat. Dessert - that warm, pudding-like cake that I can't remember. It was good, and chocolate. Like many restaurants they served the dessert and then came around asking for coffee as kind of an afterthought. The coffee service took so long that it was tough to wait on eating the cake. Dang, I like coffee WITH dessert. But, most restaurants haven't figured out how to serve both at around the same time.The restaurant is a nice spot in Caesars so I don't want to dissuade people from going. But, I'd make the grilled meat the centerpiece of what you order and not get too high on hope for the rest, based on what I experienced. And get a nice bottle of wine to go with it!
4	Love this place!  Where else can you go for Sunday brunch, have a Bobby Flay menu in front of you and a sports book behind watching your favorite game.  I can not comment on the broad menu however brunch was awesome, had the burger and a quesadilla to share.
3	When I heard Bobby Flay owned this joint, I knew I had to try.... i watch Iron Chef religiously and I believe it caused my expectations to be alittle too high. Bread basket: (yes, I consider this a course) disappointing. I like my bread warm and fresh from the oven. These offerings were too cold to enjoy. Appetizers: got the romaine salad, gala apple salad, and the tiger shrimp tamale. I could have skipped all these dishes and saved more room for dessert. The tamale was good, but the flavors didn't have me singing to the high heavens... And the salads left much to be desired. The romaine salad lacked dressing and the croutons were way too soggy. The apple salad was mostly just chopped apple so it got too filling. Main course: definitely get the lamb chops or the glazed salmon. Both were perfectly cooked and I licked my plates clean. Delish!! However, skip the collard greens. They weren't worth the stomach room. But the table next to ours were raving about the Brussels sprouts, so I wish I gave those a try. Dessert: you can not leave the Mesa Grill without trying the Sticky Toffee Pudding. When i took my first bite the clouds parted, angels were singing, and all the stars aligned. This dessert will go down in the books! Yum, yum! Bottom line: it was a good date night. More misses than hits for me. Will I return? Maybe if I'm craving some sticky toffee pudding.
4	We eat here every time we're in Vegas.  The food is always perfect and the prices, considering the location, quality, service and celeb chef status, are super reasonable.  Go, order things that sound good to you and something that sounds crazy, too, and you'll be glad you did.
3	I went here for my Birthday dinner and had very high expectations for this restaurant. In the end, it was OK. I was actually pretty disappointed because I ordered lobster with scallops and the lobster was WAY undercooked and tasted terrible. Everything else was good but not worth the money that I paid for my meal. I think I paid around $48 for my plate, so I was expecting to at least really like what I ate. My spouse ordered the Tuna and he said it was good but was also underwhelmed by the overall taste of his dish. I wish I had chosen a better restaurant to eat at and I will probably never come here again. Bobby Flay was my favorite Food Network chef. Now I question his cooking abilities.
2	It was alright,honestly  nothing earth shattering.Went on Valentines Day and felt very rushed.I dont think it was worth the $220.Meh..Sorry Bobby Flay,Emeril's Delmonico was far surpurb.
5	Best restaurant I have ever been to, hands down.  Dinner was incredible.  All of my guests were flabbergasted at how good the meal was.  Soo delicious.  Want to go back to Vegas just to eat there again.
4	Went for lunch while in Vegas on business.  Had read that the Tiger Shrimp tamale was the favorite Vegas food for Michael Simon and because the restaurant is owned by Bobby Flay, we knew it must be special.  Ordered it as our appetizer and it was wonderful!  At the recommendation of our server we got the shrimp tacos for lunch and they were good as well.  I only wish we could have gone back to try the duck blue corn pancake appetizer and the entree rabbit - ran out of time and free evenings.  Next time for sure!  Prices were high ($70 for our lunch with no alcohol), but it IS Vegas, you know!
4	We went here for lunch the last time we went to Vegas because we knew that Bobby Flay owns this restaurant.  I had a burger and my husband had a pork sandwich it was really good. Oh yeah, Bobby Flay just so happened to be there when we were eating lunch! Will visit again next time we go to Vegas and maybe try their dinner.
4	Went here for dinner Monday Night of presidents day weekend. We called and made reservations for 5:45 that night cuz everything else was booked. However, they told us that if we didnt call by 3pm to cancel they would charge your credit card 50 bucks per person. So if you forget to cancel there is a price... and a pretty big one too.Seated right away, staff friendly and quick.and they knew exactly how to explain everything to you... Margaritas there are awesome.Everything was delicious. The Tiger Shrimp which I have read is a favorite truly was amazing .. they only give you four shrimp so I suggest you get one for yourself and not split it lol .. My friend had the salmon which was a very small portion in my opinion but again delish. I had the prterhouse Lamb chops which was a first ever for me and they were to die for.. cooked to perfection. The stuff tamales were also my favorite part of the meal..In reality we knew it would be pricey but then it wasnt so pricey .. Im from NYC and i know lamb chops can cost an easy 50 bucks at a nice celebrity place here ... and at Mesa your  paying for Flay's name. Would I try it again... hell yea...
5	Bobby Flay delivers on Fla-vor! Hands down one of the best meals I've had in a really long time. We were lucky enough to snag a reservation while we were in Vegas, and I'm so glad we did! Here's the breakdown: Drinks: A+ Hottie: A Manhattan with Pappy Van Winkle- He was very excited about it!Me: Not sure the name, but it had Charbay Grapefruit Vodka, Cranberry Juice, Grapefruit and lime, refreshing and delicious!Appetizer: A+Shared: Goat Cheese and Queso Fundido : Perfect concoction of gewy, salty, and creamy, served with fresh made chips! We had to fight over the last bite. Dinner: A- (Didn't taste Hotties) Hottie: Pork Tenderloin with Sweet potato tamale (He ate every bite!)Me: Mushroom Quesadilla and a side of Brussel sprouts.   The Quesadilla was excellent, but very rich.  The Brussel sprouts I didn't like, they had a weird taste to them that made me cringe, can't put my finger on what it was.  Dessert: A+++++++++Toasted Coconut layer cake: OMG, we can never eat, drink or smell coconut again without thinking about this delicious moist, fabulous cake!  In fact I will never go to Vegas again and not eat that cake...
5	Fantastic dinner.Fantastic chicken thigh tacos. Best piece of chicken I've ever had.Fantastic steak with red and green chilies.Fantastic margaritas.
4	Great Red wine- Curvee/ Geyser MerlotWith Shrimp tamale, Nacho w/goat cheese, main (Lamb Chops) and vanilla toffee pudding.  Look the ambience! Great for team outting while at Conf. in Vegas.
4	Went here for lunch, although I've been for brunch and dinner in the past. I love Bobby Flay and all the flavorful spices he uses in his food. I ordered the mushroom quesadilla with a fried egg on top, was delicious! Couldn't finish it all though, had to do with the goat cheese queso fundido I started with....it's a must! My friends ordered sandwiches    Which were ok. When you go to Mesa Grill its to order items you can't get anywhere else. The menu is a little pricey but to me it's worth it if u order something unique. I wouldn't bring someone who is not really into strong flavors. This is a place I always stop at when in Vegas.
5	Really special Southwest Cuisine. The chicken tacos made a great starter. I also suggest the queso.. it's quite spicy but very good.On two occasions, I have ordered the New Mexican Pork Tenderloin.  Wow! Really tasty.  The corn muffins were also great. All of the food I have tried here is top notch. The service was really good on my last visit, but once I had a server that was a bit condescending.  No big deal, but the guy had an attitude.Overall if you like SW cuisine, try this!
5	We sat at the bar for a few minutes while we waited for our table.  They have an excellent selection of quality licquors.  I was happy to see a good assortment of whiskeys.We started off the meal with the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido.  It was excellent.  By far the best queso fundido I have had maybe ever.They bring a good variety of bread to the table.  I am partial to the cornbread.  It has little pieces of jalapeno baked in.For my entree I chose the Cascabel Chile Crusted Rabbitt.  It was great.  It comes as a tenderloin and a leg.  The meat was tender, and the sauce added great flavor.  Even the toasted cous cous was tasty.This place is always busy.  Book your reservations several days in advance if you have a specific time in mind.
4	This place is Bobby Flay which btw is one of my favorite chef's.  For a white cat he definitely has a great sense in the mastering of southwest cooking.  Definitely stop by this place if you are in Vegas and want a moderately priced place that will produce great food.  I have eaten here for years and have to admit it never gets old. The appetizers, you have to try the queso fundido which is one of many you can enjoy.  Maybe the chorizo meatballs to complement the cheese with a nice wine pairing. Dinner here is always a new dish for me the last I tried was the Mango Spiced Tuna which was pretty amazing, I need to find this recipe and impress on the next home dinning experience.  Note to self, Bobby loves spice so if you notice most of the items on the menu will have a kick.  MY ALL TIME FAVORITE drum roll please..... definitely has to be the porterhouse chops, one of the best dishes in vegas.  Deserts are probably the only area that leave you a bit sad after the great dishes you have experienced before a night out.  Definitely leaves you wondering why Bobby why?
5	Thank you Restaurant week or would not have known about the menu. Highly recommend making reservations even if it is just for lunch. Everyone here is on point, from the hostess to our server. Ordered his Bloody Mary (spicy and good), the corn bread they serve (unique in taste and of course spicy) We ordered the queso fundido even though we were going to take advantage of the 3 course lunch. The queso fundido is the best cheesiest thing I have ever had( common theme here) comes with blue corn tortillas. For my first course ordered the sweet potato soup (creamy, sweet and spicy), Second course ordered his famous green chile burger with seasoned fries (perfectly seasoned), for dessert was a lemony sorbet with fresh fruit oh so refreshing to cleanse the palatte( and yes slight spice in that sorbet not in a bad way) Overall, we all left this place so uncomfortably full, but my table all agreed by FAR this was the best lunch we had all ever had!!! Bobby Flay is no joke when it comes to his restaurant!! He definitely rains supreme as an Iron chef!!!
5	Oh my gosh. From start to finish this was by far the best meal I had in Vegas. The cactus pear margaritas are to die for... if only they weren't $14 bucks but I suppose you get what you pay for! I recommend the goat cheese queso fundido & the ahi tuna (cooked & spiced perfectly). Definitely worth the splurge - make it your one expensive meal in Vegas & you won't regret it!
4	restaurant week at mesa grill.my husband and i dined here a few years ago. this past week, we opted for the restaurant week lunch menu. we started off with the sweet potato soup and tamale. both were very good. it was a tie for me, but my husband liked the tamale better. the soup was spicy and creamy, i really enjoyed it.between the green chili burger and the pork tenderloin sandwich, the winner was the tenderloin. it was a little messy but reminded me a little of a ban mi sandwich. the fries accompanying the sandwiches were crispy. and we finished the meal with a key lime sorbet. it was way too tart for me, but a good pallet cleanser.each time my husband has ordered the black widow mojito. very refreshing, but very expensive. next time we're in vegas, we'll stop by and try dinner.
4	Came here twice and enjoyed both times! PROS:1. TIGER SHRIMP + ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE - I did wish there was a spicy kick to it though!2. BLUE CORN PANCAKE: Barbecued Duck + Habanero Chile - Star Anise Sauce3. GOAT CHEESE "QUESO FUNDIDO" - the cheese is awesome but they need stronger chips!4. CORNMEAL CRUSTED CHILE RELLENO: hands down the best entree in our table!CONS:1. The booth seats get really hot. 2. The reservation policy for big groups: You have to put your credit card down. If you don't cancel or make any last minute changes 1 hour prior to your meal, they'll charge you $50/person. Makes sense, but still. 3. Mehhhhhhh to their specialty cocktails. Simply put, it's not their thing!Conclusion: Skip the entree. Just get 2 appetizers instead. They're the real stars!
5	We went there last weekend for lunch and it was an awesome experience. Had Spicy Chicken with Mashed Sweet Potato & Benedict eggs, Chile-Honey-Glazed Salmon. Dessert was great too! we had Cocoa layer cake which was totally a highlight for the whole experience!
5	I've eaten here twice and will continue to make it a regular stop every time I'm in Las Vegas.  Simply put, both times were the best meals I've ever had.  The pork tenderloin is unbelievable.  The blue corn pancake and duck make me happy to be alive.  And the sweet potato tamale sis one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  Service was excellent.  Wine list is fantastic.  My mouth is watering just writing this review.
4	As some people know, I'm not Bobby Flay's biggest fan. I find him to be an arrogant jerk, something I'm sure he's heard before so I don't particularly feel bad about saying it. We went to Mesa Grill. I know he's supposed to be known for his burgers and what not, so I ordered the Mesa burger, which came with seasoned fries. They bring a basket of bread to your table as you sit down, there's raisin bread, jalepeno bread and corn bread. I've been having a corn bread craving for a while and his was jam packed with jalepenos and corn, which is nice, but it lacked that buttery good moistness I'm used to in cornbread. The regular Jalepeno bread was yummy. I even tried the raisin bread even though I don't particularly care for raisins, it was good, nothing outstanding. Finally my burger came. And I was excited. The fries looked well seasoned, only to find out that they're really well seasoned in the middle of the bowl but as you moved outwards it became blander. And there was no salt and pepper on the table, I understand the reasoning that if it's cooked well you don't need salt and pepper. But I kind of needed salt and pepper.  The fries were crisp and had a great crunch. The burger itself was very juicy. Cheese, onions, spicy mustard on the side, ketchup also on the side, trying to get the condiments in was a hassle so I ended up dipping smaller pieces. Overall, good burger, hearty, filling, comforting. Can I get a better one for less than 16$, Absolutely. HOWEVER, I will absolutely give Bobby this, that his staff is fantastically trained. Our waiter went out of his way to take pictures of our table for us, going up to the rotisserie, taking pictures from the level above us, etc. It was very nice of him, he even offered us a free cappuccino after finding out we're college students (thus probably weren't going to order it anyway because of funds). He took really good care of us throughout our meal. So good job there, Bobby but might want to have a look see at your food
4	In the early days of Food Network, I held an inexplicable grudge against Bobby Flay.  His only show at the time was the original Grillin and Chillin where he was partnered up with a bona fide hick in overalls.  Then Bobby caused all sorts of hullaballoo by standing on his cutting board.  Over time, I slowly began to accept that he really was not so bad as a personality and possibly even good as a chef.  So personality differences aside, I made a brunch reservation for Mesa Grill on my most recent visit to Las Vegas.  The bread basket made an immediate impact.  It contained two types: a jalapeno cheddar bread and a corn muffin.  The jalapeno cheddar bread was not at all a wallflower.  It packed a really spicy kick from the peppers and a salty crust from the cheese.  The corn bread was soft and airy and could barely be buttered.   We ordered two appetizers, one of which was the rough cut tuna nachos.  I was ready to dismiss this altogether because everyone knows rough cut tuna nachos means Mexicanafied tuna tartar.  Well, yes, but it was such a different and delicious dish that I would not make such lame generalizations again.  The blue corn chips were freshly fried and incredibly crisp.  The tuna was not a dice/mash of tuna odds and ends but beautiful jeweled cubes of red tuna.  It seemed to be the perfect compliment to the cool avocado crema and the spicy mango habanero hot sauce.  When we ordered this our server went out of his way to warn us that the tuna was going to be served raw.  This is Vegas after all and how horrifying might it be for someone to expect canned tuna on tortilla chips and get this beautiful thing instead? The next appetizer was equally delicious and one that most people rave about.  A moist tamal has been covered with sauteed tiger shrimp and a garlic cream sauce.   It was a nice change of pace to dip the tender shrimp and masa into the velvety sauce.  For his entree, John ordered the New Mexico spiced pork tenderloin sandwich grilled red onion, arugula, ancho chili mayo and spicy fries.  This was a perfectly good sandwich but not as memorable as the other things we tried.  The pork was room temperature and I would have much preferred it hot and freshly sliced.  The only dish I might not get again was my own.  I grew up eating homemade chile rellenos and this version was little too clean and precise.  The chile was very neatly and uniformly coated in a cornmeal crust and stuffed with manchego and roasted eggplant.  The cornmeal was crisp but too thick and I much prefer queso fresco to the much more pungent taste of the goat's milk manchego. I did however, like the sweet and sour combination of the red pepper and balsamic vinegar sauces. I must give Senor Flay some credit.  It was a really good meal and he really has a way with flavors and sauces.  He didn't shy away from authentic ingredients and a good amount of heat.  We easily classified it as one of our better meals of the trip.
4	1st Visit Pros:1: Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon - is nothing short of Incredible. 2: New Mexican Spiced Rub Pork Tenderloin - The reviews are true, I'm not a pork fan but I would gladly order this again. They gave me a knife to cut it...I didn't need it. Perfectly cooked. 3: Tiger Shrimp Tamale - Again, believe the reviews. It's as good as everyone says and the positive reviews are earned. 4: Brussel Sprouts w/ Roasted Pecans: Never had anything like it, loved it. 5: Toffee Pudding - OMG! Definitely one order to share, it looks small but it packs a delicious punch. 6: Coconut Cake - Just writing this and thinking of it made me crave it again. 7: Service - Once seated it reset my definition of how it's done.8: Wine: We let the staff pick...they listened and their choices just sent our experience from good to over the top great. 9: Gala Apple Salad - Don't let the goat cheese scare you away from this wonderful appetizer. Cons: Decor: I expected so much better. The colored dots on the glass were stickers. The multicolored glass containers above the bar...looked like cheap plastic up close. Attention to Detail: Chipped Plates. Seriously. In a restaurant like Mesa this was unacceptable. Service: The staff at the Front Counter seemed a bit clueless and lost. Complete opposite experience of the over the top service we had once we were seated. Space: Looks like Harrah's / Caesar's Palace is trying to extract maximum revenue per square foot with tables that are very tightly spaced. If anyone in your party is claustrophobic or more than average sized, this will not be a positive experience for them. Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale - Kind of a letdown, but fortunately the other menu items more than offset this slightly bland disappointment. Pricing: Bring Ben and make sure he's got a twin when you pay and tip appropriately. And we won't even discuss the tab if you really explore the bar. Would we go back? In a heartbeat. If I didn't have so many cons I'd give that 5th star, but 4 will have to suffice. One other thing: Caesars's Valet Parking was "Full" but explaining we were late for our reservations and a generous tip took care of the parking. Needless to say we tipped them again on the way out because they the valet staff took great care of us.
4	My wife and I are not huge Bobby Flay fans from watching him on the Food Channel however we do see some interesting dishes that he creates.  After spending almost a full week in Vegas, we decided to give this place a shot.  We recommend that you make reservations early in the morning or a day in advance.Dinner was great.  We started off with the Rough Cut Tuna "Nachos" and the flavor of this popped well and washed down with one of Bobby's signature  agave nectar margaritas.  My wife ordered the Green Chile Cioppino and I ordered the 22 oz chipotle glazed bone in rib eye for our entree.We came away with a new found respect for Bobby and his restaurant.  We would definitely go back again.  The only thing that would have made this place a little better is if the dining tables were not so close together.
4	LVRW2012: My preconceptions of Mesa being 'over-rated' have been squashed. My love for Anthony Bourdain turned me into an Flay-hater for no reason. Everyone has seen that episode of No Reservations--yes? Well, sorry for all the mean words Bobby. I'm the newest fan of Mesa Grill!FIRST: The Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale is a signature Bobby Flay dish. I think my server saw me drool a little. I tried to be casual as I scraped every last bit of sweet masa from the corn husk and scooped up every last bit of that buttery sauce. This is the tamale of my dreams.SECOND: This is the way a Green Chile burger is supposed to taste: juicy and flavorful. The burger was cooked exactly to my specifications and had the most wonderful flavor. It was huge and a little difficult to eat. But I made it work. Little to no heat, but more sweet and savory which was definitely up my alley.DESSERT: If you've ever eaten a spoon full of shaving cream, you'll know how the key lime sorbet tasted. Not that I regularly eat shaving cream, but every time I took the spoon to my mouth that's all I could think about. The fruit compote spiked with chili was not my cup of tea. I'll be direct and say it was awful. I would've traded this for another tamale.I downed a few of those White Peach Bellinis, but I stopped at 3 to avoid looking like a drunk at 11:30am on a Sunday. Adds up at $12 a glass, but quite refreshing. My server was polite, formal, and attentive. CELEBRITY DOPPELGANGER: he looked just like Robert Irvine from Dinner: Impossible!The savory dishes were a positive slap in the face. Bobby Flay has some swag in the kitchen and Mesa serves up some good food. Just know that dessert can be purchased at CVS for about $2 a can.... *kidding* *not really*
2	The hostess station/staff was a bit unwelcoming...like checking in for x-rays at an HMO. The server was friendly and made some recommendations based on what "sells well". The beer menu was missing several of my favorite non-exotic options and we were told that they were sold out of two of the dishes on the somewhat limited menu. All this before the bread arrived. Let me stop here and mention that when I go to a "celebrity chef" restaurant my expectations are a bit higher. It's not just about the food...it's about the overall experience. Fame and television programing has me pre-sold on the idea that this is going to be a very good experience. As a consumer I am not concerned that the beer delivery truck was delayed or that the kitchen didn't estimate what dishes would sell well enough that they were running out of portions by 1:00 in the afternoon. Now the food, I had the pork which was very good, cooked really well and was flavorful. My companion had a specialty burger and said it was very good as well. However, neither one of us were so enamored with the food and experience that we would go out of our way to go back. In summary, food was solid (though pricey, but you knew that); where I feel they fell short was on the details. Could just have been an off day at the ol' Mesa Grill...
4	Food was excellent, especially the roasted pork with sweet potato tamale.  Top notch.  Wine list was fair.  Service was good.
5	This place has easily become part of my top 10 favorite restaurants.  Whatever you decide to eat, you must order these two items on the menu: 1. Shrimp with sweet corn tamale2. Spice rubbed pork tenderloin (cooked medium)These dishes were out of this world, crazy good.  I can't even describe it, but you will know with your first bite.  Truly foodgasmic!   Even the side of mashed potatoes was amazing!  We also had a side of tamale with spiced butter which was soooooo yummy!  The food here was one of the most memorable experiences I've ever had and will definitely return here the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Everything was very, very good.  As it should have been given the price and Bobby Flay's reputation.  I was hoping to be blown away and that didn't happen....but there is nothing wrong with very, very good.  I had a margarita of some sort, the blue corn tortilla with duck, and the pork tenderloin. Two of my medallions were cooked perfectly, the one of the medallions was a bit over cooked...but luckily that was my last medallion and I was already stuffed.  Overall, great staff, great atmosphere, and very, very good food.  I'd go back.
5	We hold higher standards for Mesa Grill because of Bobby Flay.  The question can he rise to the challenge.  The answer is "yes."  Mesa Grill adds little touches to their food that finishes the dish.  Ice tea with simple lemon syrup, the haberno/ star anise sauce on Blue Corn Pancakes, Jalapenos on some awesome corn bread.  The only complaint is my duck was way over cooked for the Blue Corn Pancake.  Otherwise, service was incredible and food was good.  We will definitely be back to Mesa.
4	I can't say I'm a big fan of this type of southwestern cuisine Bobby Flay is known for. However, I have to say our dinner was pretty awesome.We ordered the famous Tiger Shrimp + Corn Tamale, Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, Fire Roasted Veal Chop, and Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. All of them live up to its name. :)
1	Cost does not meet expectations. My $52 NY strip steak was more like a $28 - $32 NY strip. 4 people for dinner, $688 with tip and 2 $100 bottles of wine. I'm really disappointed with Bobby Flay. We ordered the wine, they bring to the table, then bring to the back to open - not cool.  The next bottle, I questioned them  about this (I'm not a wine snob / foodie snob, but my wife went to J&W so I've learned to recognize right from wrong over the years).  I also travel extensively for sales throughout the US and internationally.  I've had more than my fair share of steaks. The next bottle he opens at the table and pours the taste into a white wine glass - strike two. There was plenty of sediment in the wine, so I ask him to decant it. Again, before I can say anything, he rushes off to the kitchen to decant and brings it back. Strike three.  Low quality service attributed to POOR management. NO way that they should be getting away with this for the price they are charging.
2	I'm so shocked.  I visited here in 2008 and the food was so great that I went back this past weekend on my visit to Vegas.  Totally different experience.  I was so disappointed.  1st off, the service was not a good as previously, perhaps they assigned the server with too many tables and my dish wasn't flavorful.I ordered the special, Grouper with Corn Cous Cous (see photo).  The dish was beautiful and I was excited when it hit the table.  The fish itself lacked seasoning and it wasn't cooked all the way through.  Once I got to the middle, I just put down my fork.  Sorry, Bobby, won't be back.
4	Even on a Tuesday night this place is packed - you have been warned.  My coworkers and I arrived w/o reservation at 8 and were able to get a reservation for 9:30.  So we parked ourselves at a table in the food court for awhile with some drinks and waited, then went back for our very late dinner.It is very loud in there.  I had trouble hearing our server sometimes.  He did a nice job making his recommendations from the menu and warning that the signature dish (pork tenderloin) is 7 out of 10 spicy (which actually dissuaded me from ordering it), and did not balk when I decided to order three appetizers instead of an entree nor did he act particularly annoyed when all three of us drank water (we'd already had our one drink for the evening while waiting for our reservation).  But, he may have been tired from the long night because there wasn't the same level of enthusiasm I have gotten the past few nights from my servers at Wolfgang Puck in MGM, Fiamma and Otto Enoteca.  Still, we did not get poor service so I am not complaining - just saying it wasn't at the same level.I ordered the goat cheese queso fundido (which was brought as a starter), the tiger shrimp w/ corn tamale, and the chicken tacos appetizers (which were brought together as the entree).  It was just the right amount of food for me - I was too full for dessert.My favorite was the goat cheese queso fundido - this was fabulous.  It comes with a mixture of peppers on top for which the tastes blend beautifully.  I could have made a meal of this.  There were a lot more chips than I needed for the cheese but it was a decent sized portion regardless.  This would be a good appetizer to share if you're looking for something shareable.My second favorite was the tamale.  One thing I love about New Mexico style cuisine is their use of sweet corn.  The sweet corn tamale was delicious, the cilantro creme complemented it very well, and the tiger shrimps were cooked just right, succulent and juicy.  I have mixed feelings about the chicken tacos.  They come with a chile peanut sauce -- which I feel I would have preferred without the chile part of it.  It had a smokey flavor which didn't work for me.  The chicken itself was fine though and I thought adding the mint leaves was a nice touch.Both my coworkers ordered the pork tenderloin and enjoyed it - be warned though, that the recommended 'medium' appears more like 'medium rare' when it comes to the table.  If you're squicked by red pork... you might have issues.One coworker ordered the apple salad which he said was far spicier than the pork tenderloin.  He didn't really say whether it was good or bad but I noticed he finished it so it couldn't have been that bad.All in all, I enjoyed the food and would love to come sample some more of it.  I will definitely have to order that goat cheese queso fundido though anytime I come - I don't think I could visit here without it.
3	I love Bobby Flay!  Maybe I had too high expectations when I dined at Mesa Grill.  I was disappointed...the food was good but not what I expected.We went for lunch, restaurant had a 30 minute wait.  We ordered:Mesa grill margarita. Very goodCorn tamale with shrimp.  Good but not blown away.. Green chile burger....good burger but no spice, could not taste the chilePork tenderloin sandwich. Bread was a bit burnt,  blandFries with both sandwiches...best thing we had,crispy We did not get a bread basket..I feel a bit cheated..by the time I realized no bread we were done eating.  Service was okay. But not getting the bread , I have to deduct a star.. I really wanted to be impressed but was disappointed.
4	My wife and I went to Mesa Grill when we visited Vegas to celebrate our 10 year anniversary.  We ended up at Mesa after a friend recommended it to us.  First, the margarita was very, very, very good.  I could have had 2 or 3 more than the 2 I had.  They were that good.  Well done.  Second, the shrimp tamale app was also really great.  Lastly, we ordered the rib eye expecting it to taste every bit of the $50 we were paying for it.  It was a disappointment.  The first 6 chunks I cut off were uneatable fat.  Now, I have NEVER sent food back in my entire life.  I just couldn't justify what were were spending with what I was getting.  I mentioned it to our server and he couldn't have been more gracious and went above and beyond to make up for it.  I honestly felt like it was handled very very well.  Great job Mesa. Thanks for the well trained staff and delectable foods.
4	We walked in 15 minutes before the doors opened for lunch on a Tuesday and were the only ones there.  By the time we left 90 minutes later, the place was packed and the line wound outside and around the corner.  And with good reason.  She started with the sweet potato soup.  It was perfection in a bowl. Sweet, creamy without being heavy.  My goat cheese queso fundido with blue corn tortilla strips was cheesy, slightly spicy, with more than enough chips. Really tasty.She had a Mesa burger, which might be the best burger she ever had.  Cooked exactly as ordered (rare),it was thick, juicy and loaded with flavor.  Even the bun stood out.My cornmeal crusted chile relleno had a delicious crust loaded with great corn flavor.  The pepper itself could have spicier to my taste, but the cheese and sauce inside blended perfectly-a well presented lunchtime treat.We both preferred the burger, but not because the chile was bad in any way.  The burger was just that good.We'd return.
5	Wow! Amazing food...at a cost. I went here with a group of five on a Thursday night and we walked in and were seated after maybe a two minute wait. I got the pork tenderloin and it was fantastic. I was hesitant (because I'm kind of cheap) to spend $38 on a dish with no sides, starters or booze, but it was worth it. I'm taking my wife here when we go to Vegas later this summer.The other guys raved about their food (and we eat at a lot of nice places) and said it was some of the best food they've had. There was tuna, pork, and steak...all of it was great.
4	I'm a huge Bobby Flay fan so couldn't wait to try Mesa Grill when we visited Vegas recently. The reservation system is a bit of a pain, you call a central line for everything at Caesars and then have to say the name of the property that you are trying to make a reservation for. I had to call a couple of times because we had to make a change to our reservation, and every time it sent me to the wrong place on the first 1 or 2 tries. I was finally able to successfully connect to the correct reservations folks though and once I got through everything went smoothly. We had a party of 6 and everyone loved their meal. Our friends were ordering wine by the glass and the server recommended a very nice bottle instead which was surprisingly affordable. Everyone loved their meal. My DH and I started with the shrimp tamales since there were so many recommendations for them here and they are 1 of the 2-3 items that the waiter said have been on the menu since day 1. I thought they were very good, but wasn't blown away by them. Then we shared the coffee rubbed rib eye and the green chili cauliflower. both were outstanding. The steak was nicely charred on the outside and perfectly medium rare. The rub had a combination of savory and sweet in it and there were 2 sauces. A spicy green sauce and some kind of red sauce. They were both very good but the green on was my favorite. The cauliflower was to die for! I also had tastes of the salmon which was perfectly cooked and had a really lovely sauce and the pork tenderloin which has a very tasty rub. The fish portions seemed to be about average size, but the pork and steak portions were huge. our steak was 22 ounces, which was plenty for the 2 of us. Mesa Grill is definitely worth a second visit.
5	Bobby Flay is genius with food!  Had the lunch Salmon and thought every bite was a fantastic explosion of flavor!  YUM!!!!  Delicious food and the staff was super nice too!Highly recommend this place in both Vegas and New York.  You will not be disappointed if you like food with flavor!!!!
5	Such a great experience. I highly recommend Mesa Grill at Cesars Palace. The wait staff was super friendly and extremely professional. After check-in, the hostess referred us to the bar while our table was prepared. As soon as we stepped into the bar, our drink orders (bar tab can be transferred to the table, way cool) were taken.  At the table our waiter was very knowledgable, friendly, and professional. We ordered the roasted sweet potato soup, and blue pancake (more like a crepe) with roasted duck with bbq sauce. Both appetizers were great. Our main course was New Mexico Spiced Pork Tenderloin, Lamb Chops, and Roasted Cauliflower Gratin with Pablano Chile, with wine pairing for each main dish. It was an amazing culinary experience!
2	His cooking was bold, spicy and has a Mexican flare.  What else would expect from a 4th generation Irishman?  I have my doubts too.  Does this this leprechaun know how to throwdown some mexican flavor in the kitchen?  read more here: http://www.bougiefood.com/?p=323
5	This might be my second favorite restaurant of all-time (second to Bobby Flay's Bar Americain in New York) and I've been fortunate enough to enjoy this restaurant a few times - twice for brunch and once for a group dinner.Brunch has some AWESOME Bloody Mary's! I thought the menu provided a good mix of choices and loved the huevos rancheros and burger I had on my brunch visits.The group dinner was for a girls' weekend and it was the first time any of us had eaten here. We had a mix of all types of eaters and everyone loved their meals! We all ordered different things and passed forks around the table to sample each others entrees. It was such a fun atmosphere and great group dinner!Don't forget to check out the drink specials - there are some awesome margaritas on the menu!
5	Loved it. The food was yummy, the service was great, and the little bread basket was the highlight of the meal with the jalapeno cheese biscuits..yummy
3	I had really been looking forward to eating here and scheduled my birthday lunch here while we were in Vegas.There were 4 of us and we were seated immediately for our 1pm reservation. I ordered a white peach margarita and it was delicious ($13). My husband got the margarita with the agave nectar in it and liked that as well ($16). I'd been studying the online menu for weeks and knew already that I was going to order the spicy chicken with sweet potato hash. The bread was really nice. I liked the cheddar and jalapeno best. It was spicy and yummy.We ordered the queso fundido to start. It was several cheeses (including goat!) with peppers and blue corn chips. YUMOLA!!!! This was delicious.Our entrees arrived and I cut into my poached egg and was unhappy to see the white was runny and gooey. That's not how a poached egg is supposed to be. A solid white, runny yolk is the norm. The hash was delicious, but some of the sweet potatoes were crunchy, not tender. They were clearly undercooked. My husband got the pork tenderloin sandwich and we were surprised to see it came cold.  I took a bit and did not like it, but he said he did. Our 2 other companions enjoyed their Mesa Burgers.I sent my dish back and waited about 15 minutes for a new one. A manager brought over the new one and apologized for the mistake. I cut into my poached egg once again and the white was solid - yay!  But the yolk was completely solid too - boo!  Why can't this place cook a poached egg correctly? I can do it and I can't cook worth shite.  So, the manager came back to ask how it was and I told him I've been waiting months to come here and I'm pretty unhappy with the way this dish came out. So he said he was sorry once again and said he would remove it from the bill. Nice, but not what I wanted for my birthday lunch.Even though it was my birthday, they didn't offer us a gratis dessert. We looked at the menu and nothing really stood out, so we passed.  Disappointed overall, but parts of the meal were good enough for 3 stars.
4	The Steak and eggs were done to perfection.  The crab cake was the best I have ever had, a taste that will not be forgotten. Bobby you hit a homerun with this one.
2	Always been a favorite but not tonight!  Sophie's Salad was underwhelming...brown lettuce and the cheese cubes were hard...it was like the salad  was from yesterday..just awful.  I was really surprised it was actually served to us.  The ahi appetizer was tasteless.  The ahi entree was really good.  Corn side dish good and crunchy!All in all, disappointing .
5	Had brunch here yesterday and only waited about 15 mins for seats at the bar, otherwise it wouldve been a 1+hr wait. Had the spicy chicken and potato hash which was amazeballs! Moderately priced dishes helped after donating at the tables the night before too.
4	Came with a group of 7 for dinner. Most of us ordered the chipotle glazed rib-eye with a side of mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts. We all loved it, despite it being a bit pricey. Beautiful atmosphere inside Ceasars and would definitely go back.
3	after years of watching bobby on throwdown, I was really looking forward to find out what I had been missing. to desribe my experience in 1 word; disappointing .the shrimp tamale appatizer was the highlight of the meal. the grouper was bland. the chocalate bread pudding was tasteless (was removed from bill). the bar is set high coming to a restaurant owned by a famous chef. for me, they did not deliver. too many other and better choices in vegas.
3	A credit card to guarantee a reservation or a $50 per person no show fee. Really!Wednesday night was busy but we were seated and served promptly. The waitress knew her product and made several valid suggestions. The wine list was not large but sufficiently diverse to serve almost any taste. We chose a mid priced French pinot noir which was well received.Cocktails at $15 + were pricey but good quality. Our starters of soup, salads and shrimp were unremarkable but no complaints. The entrees varied from lamb to crusted tuna and were generous portions without the need for sides. I personally chose the tuna and requested as rare as possible - I wasn't disappointed.With coffee for all and one desert, our bill was $375 plus tip. The $100 coupon I was using was rather loudly announced to my guests which I didn't appreciate.  Overall, a pleasant dinner but I felt a little rushed for a restaurant of this quality.
4	Went to the Mesa Grill for dinner our first night in Vegas after seeing Rod Stewart at the Colosseum at Ceasars.   My wife and I differ on our review.  I'd give it a 3, she gives it a 5... so we agreed to split it down the middle.Its not that the food or service or anything was bad, its just spicy... really spicy.  Everything is spicy!  My mouth was burning after each bite.  Just to start, I decided since it was a south west style restaurant, I would get a tequila.  The poor was tiny.  I mean, it was a shot in a large glass... kinda disappointing.For the food, the wife got the Sweet Potato soup...  She loved it, but thought it was spicy (needed a few extra glasses of water).  I shared the apps with the rest of the family.  Tiger shrimp was very good.  Blue corn pancake was excellent!  Meatballs were just ok.  For dinners, the wife got the Relleno.  She loved it (as did her brother who said it was the best plate on the table).  I had the Pork Tenderloins.  Interesting presentation, good flavor, but it completely overpowered the pork.  It could have been anything with the spices on it, and tasted the same.  For dessert, we got the churros.  Not so great.  Sauces were good, but the churros were nothing you couldn't get from a vendor at Disney.  Atmosphere is great.  Service was right on spot, but as I said, food was a little disappointing for me.
4	This place is very good.  The corn side dish is a must.  I had the chicke which was good as well.
4	Like both this one and the one in NYC. The food never disappoints. Just wish their steaks came with something besides meat. I purchased the mashed potatoes and they were great. My favorite though is lunch, and the Mesa burger and fries. I was also very excited for the shrimp tamale. It was good. The service was solid. Overall, I recommend this place.
4	I've been watching Bobby Flay for years (ever since his horrific overall clad days on Grillin' and Chillin' on the old school Food Network) so it was about time for me to try his food.  Bobby toes a fine line for me between being a cocky jerk and being 100% awesome, but I was excited to try his food nonetheless.  We went for a boozy brunch on Saturday morning and I thought it was a quality (if not slightly expensive) pick.  I had just finished scarfing down an almond croissant in the hotel room so I opted to go slightly lighter on the brunch ordering with the famed shrimp and roasted garlic tamale.  While it was good, I was a little disappointed that it wasn't packing more flavor.  I know that the description didn't scream spicy, but it's a Bobby Flay restaurant - I guess I was expecting a kick somewhere.  The tamale was among the best I've had, though I wished the shrimp would have been grilled instead of poached or whatever they were - I think that would have really bolstered the flavor profile a bit and may have made me not miss the spice.    Two of my galpals split the eggs and striploin tortilla - that was out of this world.  Luckily for me, my friends like to share.  The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and I loved the combo with the grilled peppers and onions.  Don't miss this one.  Everyone else had the cactus pear margarita and I ordered the spicy bloody mary.  While it was spicy enough for my liking, it wasn't my favorite bloody mary.  It was mostly spice and not enough tomato flavor.  The margaritas were awesome though - I had orderer's remorse with that one.  Truth be told, this review is probably closer to 3.5 stars than 4 stars but I'm giving Bobby the benefit of the doubt here.
5	My husband and I were excited to give Mesa Grill Las Vegas a try, since we have long been Bobby Flay/Food Network fans.There was no disappointment.  Though the place was packed, the service was impeccable and EVERYTHING we ordered was first rate, right down to the bread and the wine.  The husband ordered the New Mexican spice-rubbed pork tenderloin and I had coffee-rubbed filet mignon.  Both a little spicy but not overpowering, and perfectly prepared. The server recommended the corn side dish and we both were pleasantly surprised by its flavor and texture. Corn isn't  something I'd typically choose when dining out.  Glad I trusted the server. YUM!For dessert, we had the best banana cream pie -- not really a pie, but wonderful.  From beginning to end this was one fabulous meal.
2	I tried Mesa grill a few years ago in  New York. I was disappointed, but I wasn't impressed either. It was just OK. While on vacation in Vegas, my wife wanted to try this place so we gave it a shot again.Exactly the same experience. It just wasn't memorable - for being good or bad. It was just OK. I was expecting the world with Flays reputation - especially considering the price. It was just unremarkable.
4	Their steak was REALLY good!I had a rabbit, it was ok, but not so good as a steak though :-) A bit pricey.Good for a date night.
2	Yeah this was a NO-GO!Service was slow and pretty inexperienced.Drinks were tiny!Food was way overpriced and lacked flavor-presentation didn't wow me either.Best thing-bread basket :/Very disappointed...especially since everyone raves about this place. I love Bobby Flay and am addicted to his shows on the Food Network so I guess my expectations were a bit higher??? Really Bobby...Really?! I thought if he is going to put his name on this restaurant then it's gotta be awesome...wrong!My friend ordered the Ancho Chili Honey Glazed Samon, it was good, nothing I would rave about. Better than my dish.I ordered the coffee rubbed filet mignon (sounds exciting right?!) Wrong again. I thought the robust flavor of coffee with a filet would be an interested and unique flavor combination. NOPE. Just put a bunch of stale coffee grinds on top of a filet and there you go. The filet was basically raw as well-not the way i ordered it. The service...OY. Horrible! she didn't even check on us after she took our order. Didn't even care that i didn't eat my raw piece of meat. I'm really not that harsh but I've been in the service industry for years so I really wasn't pleased.To my dismay the place was packed with a line out the door into the casino. Don't understand!Didn't even want dessert after all that mess. Wouldn't go back.
5	Wow! My mouth was partying it up this weekend at Mesa Grill, holy eff.So my girls and I decided to just buy a bunch of appetizers and split them all. Portions are a bit small, but I expected that out of an establishment like this. ________________________________________Gala Apple Salad - literally little chunks of applesSmoked Chicken & Bean Quesadilla - yum!Yucatan Chicken Tacos - the chicken was smoked & flavorful. plus it's paired with a peanut smoked bbq sauce which is out of this world! Rough-Cut Tuna Nachos - think of tuna tartar, its a platter of tuna and then a little bowl of chips. Honestly though the tuna is amazing by itself, and it a has a spicy kick to it. (I highly suggest ordering this one!)Chorizo Meatballs - honestly, anything with chorizo is amazingCremini Mushroom Quesadilla - fontina, ricotta cheese, salsa verde and too top it off... a fried egg! (I highly suggest ordering this too, beyond flavorful, juicy & makes your tastebuds go crazzzzY)_________________________________________Our server Michael rocked! Apparently he has been there since the opening of the Vegas establishment, so he is VERY informative of items on the menu, drinks and what not. He will even give you a mini story of Bobby Flay and answer any questions you may have. All the employees were so kind and helpful with all our needs & requests. I will be coming back here next time I'm in Vegas for some more appetizers, it's just enough to get your night started!Side note: They only hold reservations for 15 mins & your entire party must be there to be seated.
2	I feel like my experience at MESA suffered from a bout of bad luck, but it really is no excuse for the fact that this place was just unimpressive - however, I am willing to give MESA another try (maybe for lunch instead).Like other places, we arrived on time for our reservation, but were forced to wait in the bar for close to half an hour.  When I attempted to order the speciality cocktail during the wait, I was informed that they were out.  When we were seated, we attempted to order a bottle of wine, which again was sold out.  The food here was okay, but nothing special.  The quesadilla appetizer was no more impressive than what I've cooked in my toaster oven at home.  My steak was rather bland and a bit overcooked - not necessarily bland, but it definitely did not meet my expectations.  The service felt rushed, but was otherwise alright.  The atmosphere doesn't exactly portray an ambiance of fine dining, and I was rather disappointed.  This is a restaurant that suffers from too much light, which I've found is rare - I felt like I was dining in a chili's as opposed to a high-end, celebrity chef owned establishment. I would like to give MESA another chance, but I don't have a lot of motivation to go back based off my first experience.  Unless you are really a fan of Bobby Flay - I would search for an alternative.  There are worse places to eat in Vegas, but there are a lot that are far better.
3	Bobby Flay is one of my Food Network idols, and so we decided to go dine there during our week-long stay in Las Vegas. The night before, we had excellent Bone-in Rib Eye Steak at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak (Las Vegas), and couldn't wait to see how Mesa Grill would stack up.The decor was very nice and modern inside the Caesar's Palace, with staff just lined up and ready to serve.Our waiter highly recommended the following signature items:Partida MargaritaPork TenderloinTiger Shrimp TamalesBlue Corn DuckThe first two were supposedly Bobby Flay's most famous dishes, and they all tasted good. Sure, the dishes we tried were quite good and surprisingly filling, but for the same price, the five of us agreed that Joe's Seafood Prime Steak was the restaurant we'd rather pick.However, if you prefer a restaurant with views of good-looking people, Mesa Grill had better "views."
5	FULL DISCLOSURE: I watch Food Network, I enjoy Iron Chef, and some might consider me a "Foodie" (of course, I got super-excited about the Doritos Locos Taco at Taco Bell, so take that for what you will).FOOD:I have been here twice now and both times have been excellent, easily within the top 3 meals I've ever tasted. The most wonderful thing there that I put in my face was the mushroom-fontina quesadilla, which was topped with ricotta, salsa verde, a fried egg, and garnished with cilantro. IT IS AMAZING. I've also tasted the Chorizo Meatballs - why is this not a full entree with pasta?; the ribeye - So much flavor; the filet mignon - it just melts in your mouth; the Yucatan Chicken Tacos - grilled chicken, grilled, onions, mint, cilantro, and a delicious peanut chile BBQ sauce; the roasted corn side dish - just wow. I've also had some other previous sides and appetizers from my previous visit, which were all extremely tasty. Oh!, and the bread basket they bring to the table has a jalapeno cheese bread, raisin molasses (I think), and a spicy cornbread muffin.DRINKS:I've had a couple tequila and whisky based cocktails, and all were great. This last time I had a rye whiskey cocktail that had champagne and orange peel, which was one of the better whiskey drinks I've had.SERVICE: Attentive and professional.
5	I come here everytime I'm in Vegas.  Every dish is excellent! The blue corn muffins are delicious!
2	Like several others on this site, it is possible that our experience here could be chalked up to a "bad night", but this is my third time to Mesa (2 others for lunch) and I have yet to have a memorable meal here. Our night started with a 30 minute wait for our table (yes we had a reservation) and were given all sorts of attitude from the hosts. We ordered cocktails after being seated, signature Margarita's for a few  and everyone who did, myself included stated how "sweet" they were. Missing that sour balance and very disappointing. Appetizers we fine, nothing special. When the main courses were delivered, two (of 6) went back for being under cooked. I really can;t express how disappointed we were. With all the great places popping up in Vegas, it seems that Mesa is riding on it's past reputation and not what got it to the dance.
5	This is the best food that I have eaten in Vegas- I mean in a city filled with Bacon and Butter- this place has some QUAILITY dishes. We loved the buzz and vibe as we walked in. Make sure to have a reservation here- it is that type of place.We ordered the corn tamale app- and I do not like Tamales but I loved this one.We also shared a delicious filet mignon that has an amazing coffee crust- gotta try it!By far- an amazing place to chow down in Vegas!
5	One of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas.  Appetizer: Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale. Full of flavor. Cooked perfectly.  The only downside is that I was sharing it with two other people.Entree: New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin + Sweet Potato Tamale.  I could have taken it spicier, but it was delicious none-the-less.  I did not want this meal to end.
4	Very high-energy restaurant, colorful and pleasant. Not the kind of place I would want to go and 'hang' out or do a long-dine.  Being a vegetarian, I tried the eggplant chili relleno WHICH WAS AMAZING!!!!!!! Probably one of my favorite dishes of all times!  I would love to go back, check it out, but DEFINITELY make a reservation! :)
5	My friend really wanted to try out one of Bobby Flay's restaurants so we decided to go here while in Vegas.  We arrived around 7pm and their first reservation time for two people wasn't until 9:45pm but we were only in town for about one whole day so we took it.  We hung outside of Caesar's at a bar while we waited for our table and when we showed up at 9:30pm, we finally got seated.  We split a fantastic bottle of the cheapest red zinfandel we could find on the menu and it was well worth the $40!  We shared the queso fundito as an appetizer and it was really great.  The addition of the goat cheese gave it a nice tangy bite and cut the richness just enough.  I ordered the salmon for dinner and it was great as well - cooked perfectly with a nice crust on the outside.  We got some collared greens as a side and they were garlicy and tasty.  Overall it was a good meal and I have to give Bobby some props...even though he seems like kind of a creep in real life.  Well done!
3	I had the lamb chops in a balsamic Serrano chili reduction sauce. The chose I ordered medium rare. The plate was saturated in this sauce which was incredibly over powering, too vinegary and really needed to reduce longer or use a better quality balsamic. I had this taste in my mouth for days. It was edible but I don't feel was executed properly and for the cost I would expect that. When i told the waiter he said it's not for everyone. I explained that the issue was the vinegar was over powering and if it was properly done it should be more sweet than vinegar. The lamb chops were a little over done cooked medium well-ish and were and effort to cut. The tamale served with it was underwhelming at best. My friend had the ciopinno, and it was phenomenal.. I was very  very jealous of his dish and he was lovely to share with me. The flavor of the broth was sensational, I could drink the broth. The seafood was quality.We had the hibiscus margaritas, which I loved! The bread served at the beginning was interesting. Some I liked more than others. the jalapeno corn bread I felt just had a weird flavor, and the taste of baking soda was intense. My husband didn't seem to notice. The ambiance definitely leaves something to be desires. I feel more as if i am in some high ceiling-ed cafeteria with table cloths. It's not romantic or special, more of a cattle call. I think the design could have lent a little more to the intimacy and experience of enjoying the food. Again, for the price I have had better for less. Based on my experience and for the cost this place, I would say I expected more.  The Ciopinno is what saved my experience. I might try this place again if I was with a group or person who insisted on going but would not get the lamb, and most likely wouldn't seek it out again.
5	The restaurant ambiance is very understated nothing fancy. The staff was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.So we started out with the margarita (perfect) and the chorizo meatball appetizer, zesty, deliciousness. I ordered the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin, hubby ordered the Rib eye and we shared a side of their corn charred.....I don't remember what they called it but I'll just call it Damn Good Corn! Hubby's steak was huge, I think 22 oz. It was cooked to perfection, my pork tenderloin was supercalifragelisticexpyaladocious.Ok enough stop reading and get your butt to this restaurant you won't be sorry.
4	I had the Lamb Chops and oh boy!!! It was wonderful. My lady had the fish and once again it was delicious. Bobby Flay is a guru when it comes to sauces.
4	I came here for dinner and the food was delicious! Everything was very flavorful. I had mushroom grits and the spice rubbed pork tenderloin. The grits were SO good with a variety of sauces that all came together. The pork was perfectly cooked, well spiced, and came with a sweet potato tamale with pecan butter. It was a tad sweet, but very interesting. They also provided an assortment of free bread which included corn muffins!
4	My husband and I were visiting Las Vegas and I knew my husband would love the food at Mesa Grill.  We decided to go for lunch since it is a bit pricey.  We arrived around 11:45 on a Monday.   I was surprised by how crowded it was already.  We ordered two burgers - the Mesa Burger for myself, my husband ordered Green Chile Cheese Burger ($16 each).  Then we waited... and waited... and waited.  The waiter apologized for the delay... and we waited some more.  Finally we asked to speak to the manager.  By the time the manager came by we had received our food, 55 minutes later - for two burgers.  My husband explained the situation.  The manager was very nice, apologized, and told us there would be no charge for the burgers. The food was great.  The fries were absolutely perfect - maybe the best I've ever had.  My only complaint is that the burger was so big I could hardly fit it in my mouth.  We enjoyed the food so much that we took a chance on ordering dessert and hoped it wouldn't take as long as our entrees did.  We ordered the Chocolate Pretzel Tart with Spicy Peanut Butter-Chocolate Swirl Ice Cream.  It was amazing.  I'm not usually that into spicy food, but somehow the spicy ice cream was the perfect compliment to the tart.  One of the most interesting desserts I've ever had.  When we asked our waiter for the check he told us the meal was on the house - entrees, dessert, drinks, everything - and he hoped we would come back.  We gave him a very nice tip (I don't think the food delay was his fault at all).  To top it off, the manager approached us again on the way out and apologized for the service and he, too, invited us to come back again.At the time the wait for the food was really, really frustrating, but we were very satisfied with the manner in which the manager and server handled the situation, and the food is delicious.  We'll definitely return again.
5	I once believed that the In N Out cheeseburger was the pinnacle of burger cuisine and that it could not be topped. In fact, if I were on death row and the time had come to request my last meal, I used to be the In N Out double double animal-style.Chef Bobby Flay's Green Chile burger trumps In N Out in every way. Finally, a restaurant burger that's actually worthy of being called a restaurant burger. This burger is just bursting with awesome juicy flavor. So damn good. I'm going to get it every time I'm in town now.Oooh. Also the goat cheese queso fundido is probably the best appetizer I've ever had too. Can't recommend it highly enough!
2	Located inside the massive compound that is Caesar's Palace; Mesa Grill is brilliantly juxtaposed between the Corinthian columns and marble statues of ancient Greece and the impressive sports book and gaming tables of modern Vegas.  The restaurant's facade is cool, it is elegant and refined, yet laid back and calls to mind the island feel of the Caribbean.We arrived a few minutes early for our reservation and were invited graciously to sit at the bar.  We promptly obtained drinks from the bartender, and were ushered to our table without issue.  However, our server seemed displeased that we had ordered drinks from the bar thus lessening his sale for our table.  We ordered two of the Tiger shrimp tamales which arrived at an unsettlingly fast pace.  Any hesitation by the "fast-food" speed with which they appeared was soon dashed by the overwhelming deliciousness that sprang forth from the plates.  Having eaten at many superb restaurants I feel compelled to say that these are some of the best starters I have yet to experience.After the table was cleared I sat in anticipation for the main courses to arrive.  Our table had ordered two of the Coffee Rubbed Filets, one of the Black Angus Strips and one Chipotle Glazed Ribeye as well as an order of collard greens, mashed potatoes and, upon recommendation of the server, an order of Brussel sprouts.  My steak arrived and I noted how truly pleasing it was to the eye; however, I was disheartened that such an exquisite piece of meat seemed over powered by the bountiful amount of sauce on the plate.  Once I had cut into my steak and taken a bite I was instantaneously reminded that this was Chef Bobby Flay's house and his cooking was inextricably linked to him.  The protein on my plate was classic and refined and delicious, yet it had been arrogantly and flamboyantly altered to meet the needs of a Chef's personality.  The two sauces on the plate competed with the beef and reminded me of an episode of "Throwdown" except no one won, and my palate was an innocent bystander.I looked for solace in the sides on the table and it was then I noticed that the recommended sprouts were missing.  After some time, we got the server's attention and asked him to forget the sprouts since we probably wouldn't need them or have room for them at this point.  He blatantly disregarded this request and demanded that we try them, because to do so would somehow be a personal affront to him.  We yielded.  When the sprouts arrived they were undercooked and over-seasoned to the point of sheer carelessness.  We each sampled one for the humor of it but left them on the table as a comedic reminder of how far off this meal had gone.In summaton, this restaurant has the location, the ambience and the kitchen to be elite.  Yet when given an opportunity to let the cuisine evolve into greatness, it seems the staff from the highest to lowest get in the way of their own success.
4	Knowing that this is a Bobby Flay establishment, I had high expectations.And they were met.  The service was elite, the food was fresh, unique and extremely tasty.The shrimp tamale appetizer was phenomenal as was the mushroom quesadilla.The reason I did not rate it with 5 stars was that my salmon was a undercooked and the coconut cake tasted like it came out of a box.Otherwise, it was a wonderful experience.
5	Living in Las Vegas gives us access to top notch food by brillant chefs but we've never had better food than Mesa Grill and that includes a very recent visit to Gordon Ramsey Steak and Oscars Beef Booze and Broads.On Christmas Eve several years ago we walked out of Rao's and went to Mesa whosaved our Christmas Eve !!!Bravo to Bobby Flay !!!
5	This was the very best restaurant I have been to.  The food was making our mouths orgasm from the wonderful flavors.  I cannot imagine dining anywhere else, love watching FoodNetwork and Bobby Flay.  Nothing about this place let us down one bit.  Would eat here again in a heartbeat, I can honestly say I haven't dined at such an expensive place, but don't regret it for one second.  The flavors suck you in and let you navigate and explore food flavors like you haven't before.
4	Great place to have your lunch in.... super nice staff huge line to get in just because it is super good.
5	Great food. My wife had the grouper, which was one of the BEST fish dinners either of have had.....ever. Lost a star because the bartender we had while waiting was clueless. Will go to the one in NY when I get home.
5	I have to do Mesa Grill every time I'm in Las Vegas.  Bobby Flay does not disappoint.  My favorite cocktail of all time is the black widow mojito.  The filet is fantastic.  All the sides are yummy.  Even the bread basket is hearty and unique (the blue and yellow cornbread muffin is so delish!).I'm not so sure about the desserts at Mesa Grill.  I've only had 1 dessert here (I don't even remember what I ordered, but I think it was something with chocolate in it) and I can't say I was blown away.  The entrees and sides, on the other hand, are amazing!
2	With all the hype of Bobby Flay and Mesa Grill I had high hopes for this restaurant even though it is a chain and in the middle of touristy Las Vegas.  The food was priced like a Morton's Steakhouse but not up to the standards.  The side dishes were small, not very good, and not well executed.  The entrees were prepared well, however the price is not worth it.  In my opinion I would skip over this place and go off the strip to a non tourist trap that is much better food, and much nicer environment.  The decor of this place is that of a TGI Fridays with a slightly more classy twist.  I have dined in a lot of find dining establishments and this did not meet my expectations in the least.  The $13 margaritas on the rocks tasted like it came from mix not made from scratch.  Also to make a reservation for a Saturday night party of 5 took 2 managers to approve and an act of congress.
4	One of my "go to" spots when I take my semi annual Vegas trip. Never been here for lunch but my dinners have always been superb. I almost always order the Coffee rubbed fillet and typically some sort of starter (I saw a few people on yelp  complained about the tiger shrimp tamales but I have always found them to be quite good). Also the bread basket is YUMMY! Sour dough, tomato  and Corn bread oh my! Todo we are deeeefinately not in Kansas anymore!  Just one word to the wise... This is not your typical "Tex Mex" restaurant. Sure i SUPPOSE it does have Mexican flavors and some Texan influence. But, you will not be getting refried beans, chili con queso and 5 dollars nachos.  After all people.. This is a Bobby Flay dining experience and he would NEVER allow such typical dishes that lack innovation. In short, yessss i am a fan. My favorite restaurant in the world? No... But still one i go back to over and over again. If you are a foodie, this is 100 percent worth at least a meal or two.
4	Wow!  Good stuff, excellent service, perfect authentic mojitos!
3	Birthday weekend for an adorable Indonesian girl started here.  Was actually looking forward to this dinner the whole week.  No doubt the food will be full of southwestern flavor.  Dinner started with a bottle of Chimay blue and some duck pancakes.  The pancakes were succulent to say the least.  Very flavorful like tender BBQ pork chunks wrapped in a small thin pancake.  Not sure what it's made of but I'm sure it had blue corn in it.  It is Bobby Flay we're talking about.The main dish was rib eye steak.  I ordered medium rare but the waitress suggested medium due to the rarity near the bone.  Seems some people don't like it that rare.    Turns out the inside near the bone was pretty good.  Tender and a small amount of pink.  The only issue was the ends of the rib eye was burnt and cooked all the way through.  Oh well next time I stick with what I know.   The steak was generally minimalist which I like.  Not too much sauce just salt and pepper.  The steak was quite large, enough to share a small piece with 4 others. The favors were returned and I got to taste the pork tenderloin.  Now that is a great dish.  Three tender cylinders about one and a half inches in diameter and two inches tall.  How they cook the meat through and keep it so tender with the tasty crust not burned is impressive.We all shared the toffee pudding which as tasty.  All in all the dinner was just fun.  The venue is just ultra nice and modern and the atmosphere frou frou.  Of course I had to take a couple of pictures of me knawing on the bone.  This is obviously after two Chimays so I take no responsibility for driving our dinner neighbors away.  LOL.I expected to pay a bit for such ambience and great service but I would not do this on the regular.
4	Lunch here was unexpectedly good!I had never ate at a Bobby Flay establishment before and was not really in a hurry to try.  Truth be told I've never really been a fan of his but, after reading several reviews of some trusty yelp friends I decided to give this place a try.  The resto is located in Caesar's palace.  The decor is warm but clean and open.  We came here during lunch with no reservation.  Waited about 15min and was seated near the kitchen.  Im realizing more and more that there are tables for 2 which I get but seriously can the tables be a little bigger!!!  I'm just saying!!So after looking over the menu I remembered that everyone was raving about the tamales so we ordered that, and another appetizer to share and our main.Tiger shrimp roasted corn tamale ~ First let me say the masa was very light unlike other tamales I've had.  The shrimp was plump and cooked perfectly.  The cilantro sauce was creamy but also very light and really brought the entire dish together.Blue corn pancake ~ Barbecued Duck with Habanero Chile and Star Anise Sauce.  Holy moly I would have to say this was the star of the dining experience.  I never would have thought to sauce up duck with BBQ.  This was a fantastic dish.  Smoked Shrimp Tacos ~ Skewered shrimp with Cabbage Slaw and Grilled Tortillas.  It came with 3 salsas to use.  The shrimp had a decent smoke flavor to it.  There was not heat to it although it looked like there could be.  To me it was just your typical shrimp taco.  Nothing too exciting.  The mango salsa with a bit of kick was really tasty.Grouper ~ I only had a bit of it.  The portion was really bit and had great flavor.  It didn't appear to be dry which I don't care for when eating fish.We passed on dessert since lunch already started off late plus we had other plans.  All in all I would have to say it was a pleasant experience.  I would not mind coming back here to eat.  Eyes ~ Warm and inviting decor.Nose ~ Even though we say near the kitchen there was not a smell that was present!Ear ~ Not very loud.  Just your usual!Mouth ~ Duck in BBQ sauce!Tummy ~ Very well satisfied!
4	***Like a lot of upscale Mexican restaurants (as well as Vegas restaurants), Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill feels too expensive; the food is good though and the service is strong and friendly***Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is one of the few upscale Vegas restaurants open for lunch.  Their lunch features a lot of lunch style plates--sandwiches and salads, but they actually also have several starters from their dinner menu and a few entrees.Flay's food is southwestern style so there are a lot of Mexican influences.  Most of the dishes veer on the sweet and spicy side (though the food at Mesa Grill, at least what I've had, never gets that spicy).Mesa Grill is like a lot of upscale Mexican restaurants.  It is quite pricey even though what's on the menu is the kind of food you can get at less expensive restaurants.  At least Mesa Grill uses more expensive ingredients like duck, ahi tuna and scallops.The breadbasket at Mesa Grill was an assortment of cold bread.  There was a blue corn muffin, which while not dry, was too crumbly and a little bland.  The fruit and nut bread was decent, but the bread was a little soft and the fruit did not pop like the fruit in Picasso's fruit and nut bread.  Picasso's bread was heartier too.The jalapeno bread was too soft as well.  There were a few jalapeno bits in it, but I think more of them would have made the bread more memorable.I started with the rough cut tuna nachos, which was chopped raw tuna mixed with a vinaigrette and capers.  The tuna came with a mango puree, avocado crema and habanero sauce.The tuna was fresh, nicely moist and soft.  I really liked the sauces.  Both the mango puree and avocado crema were very clean, smooth and creamy.  The mango puree was sweet but not overpowering while the avocado crema was cool and refreshing.  The habanero was noticeable and gave little pops of spiciness (though I think I personally would have preferred more heat).The dish was served with two kinds of chips.  The best was the blue corn--light, thin and crispy.  I was not a fan of the other chip--it was thick, sandy on the outside and too mealy.  I've had that style of chip before, but I don't know what it's called.For my entree, I went with one of their starters--tiger shrimp with a roasted corn tamale and a sweet corn cream sauce.  I liked the shrimp--plump and moist.  I prefer shrimp with more color and seasoning, but this was still good.The corn tamale was just okay.  It had a good corn flavor and moistness, but it was uneven.  Parts of the tamale were not smooth; the masa clumped together and was even a little dry.  The corn cream sauce was not too heavy and was creamy and sweet.  Even more so than the nachos, I think this dish could have used more heat.For dessert, I went with their sticky toffee pudding, which was a big portion; it had a good flavor though it was a tad dry.  The sticky toffee pudding came with a salted cajeta, which had a great consistency--very fine, which made it feel more like a red wine reduction rather than a thick and sticky caramel.Some salted caramel desserts can have a mix of sweet and salty (whether just right or too salty) while others can be just a less-sweet caramel.  It was the latter with this salted cajeta.  The biggest salty component came from the salt sprinkled on top of the cake.There was also some vanilla ice cream and it was creamy (and not icy at all), but there was too little of it.  The cake combined with the salted cajeta was quite sweet and there needed to be a different flavor to balance it out.Service was very good.  The food was upscale but still casual and approachable and this was very much in harmony with the service.  The service was definitely polite, professional and polished, but it was also quite friendly.  The food also came out at a quick pace.Prices are high; Mesa Grill is probably overpriced, but that is often the case at Vegas restaurants.  Still, almost the entire lunch menu was below $20.In terms of decor/atmosphere, the contemporary room (which sits right next to the casino) had warm (but not garish) Southwestern accents.  The room was nice enough, but it was not that memorable.Mesa Grill is a solid and satisfying Vegas restaurant.  If you don't like upscale Mexican spots because the food does not seem worth the extra cost, I'm not sure if Mesa Grill is going to change your mind (though I do think Mesa Grill is significantly better than some upscale Mexican spots out there like Border Grill and the high quality ingredients like ahi tuna and veal chop from a previous trip are represented well).There are definitely some well known Vegas restaurants putting out subpar food, but I have not felt that way on my two trips to Mesa Grill.  For me, Mesa Grill is a good option for an upscale Vegas lunch.Mesa Grill is located in Caesars Palace, which offers free parking (self and valet).
5	I was really excited to go to this place because Bobby Flay owns it. I had the tuna steak and it was really really good. I never expected that tex-mex can get this good! The service was a little slow though but I'm willing to overlook it for the quality of food.
4	Cuisine is outstanding - unique Southwestern creations with excellent flavor.APPSHighly recommend the tiger shrimp & roasted garlic corn tamale - shrimp was juicy and the corn was a surprisingly perfect complement. Pass on the blue corn bbq duck pancake, taste was fairly salty/heavy and one-dimensional. MAINSChile crusted rabbit was excellent - serving portion is manageable, plated with toasted couscous (excellent pairing) and fava beans. Rabbit was perfectly roasted and flavorful, slightly gamey. There are only 3 steaks on feature - black Angus NY strip, coffee-rubbed filet mignon and bone-in chipotle-glazed ribeye. Coworker enjoyed the coffee-rubbed filet.SIDESCauliflower gratin with roasted poblano was delicious and creamy. Double-baked potato with horseradish, scallion had a subtle horseradish note, which was a good complement to the meal. Service was attentive and helpful with recommendations. Ambiance is fairly average.
4	I like the layout of the place, nice wood colors...The food tasted good, with alittle kick which bobby flay is know for...
4	Fun restaurant, great service. My family loves Bobby Flay so we couldn't wait to come here while in Vegas. Our waiter was really outstanding and knowledgeable. That is one of the perks of eating at a restaurant owned by one of the more well-known chefs in the country... they always have knowledgeable, informed, and helpful staff. To start, they give you homemade corn muffins made with yellow and blue cornmeal. These were very tasty! I can't remember the rest of the bread basket contents, but the corn muffins really stood out. For an appetizer, I ordered the gala apple salad. If I came for lunch I would probably order this as my meal... delicious. Great combination of flavors, and I especially loved the combination of toasted pecans with spicy orange vinaigrette!Sadly for me, the restaurant only has 1 vegetarian entree option. But that is probably more than most places. It was the cornmeal crusted chile relleno. Normally more cheese than I would order for a meal, but it was a good choice. The chili is stuffed with manchego cheese and red peppers which was a real delight. Very flavorful, definitely not your average dish from a Mexican restaurant! It was very rich, and I was already pretty full from my salad so I took most of it back to the hotel. Yummy, and not a bad option for vegetarians, but sometimes I wish restaurants had less cheesy options as well. For dessert, our table of 4 split the banana cream pie and sticky toffee pudding. Although I had no complaints about the banana cream pie, the sticky toffee pudding was really my favorite. It was to die for!! With dessert, our waiter recommended something called "tequila crema" that is apparently one of Bobby Flay's specials. YUM! Ask for this if you get a chance. It is a sweet, creamy, spicy dessert drink that we all loved. Overall, a great experience here!
5	All the food were prepared so well including the bread basket.
4	Steak was great, pork tenderloin very tasty and the chili relleno one of the best ever.  My only negative is that the prices are high for what you get but for a once in a lifetime dinner it was good. Sauces very tasty!
4	Shared a few appetizers here with some friends and ordered some margaritas - everything was very tasty and the service was great. I'd like to try more items from the menu the next time I am in Vegas.
4	I had try Bobby Flay's restaurant and it lived up to my expectations.  It was packed so being that I was traveling for work, alone and had no reservations; so I ate at the bar.  I ordered the pork tenderloin, which is their signature dish.  It was delicious and the perfect amount of food.  It with a small sweet potato tamale.  It was cooked perfect with the perfect amount of spice.  I got a couple different glasses of wine - 1 Mesa Grill Cuvee Cabernet and a Spanish wine.  The bartender was awesome and so helpful.  She let me taste quite a few of the wines.  OH and I also started the dinner with a White Peach Margarita......YUMMY.  The bring out a small bread basket at the beginning of the meal as well which includes a delicious sweet corn bread muffin and jalapeno asiago bread.  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars was I was surprised at the lack of wine by the glass choices and also a little surprised there were no salad entrees (menu is fairly small). They have a lot of different tequillas though and honestly I was glad there were no more menu options as it was hard enough to decide.I highly recommend!  Delicious food with great friendly staff.
4	We went to dinner here.  We started with the Tiger Shrimp appetizer.  Just ok, not enough flavor.  We then got the Pork Tenderloin and the Sixteen Spice Chicken.  Both excellent.  This is what we expecting from a Bobby Flay restaurant.  Very good.  Space wise the tables are bit close together.  Usually wouldn't make a difference but the table next to us were a group of four loud drunk couples, a bit of cougar action going on there which made it even weirder.  Really didn't need to see them make out like young teenagers.But overall we'd go back.
5	What an incredible experience! I say experience because from beginning to end...wow! Amazing! Bobby Flay and his team there are Gods! The hubby had the sweet potato soup to start and enjoyed it...just the right amount of kick! I started with the black bean n chicken quesadilla...so yummy! I ahd the tuna steak n cous cous for my entree and I have never had a more tender tuna steak in my life! Hubby had the veal steak and tomale. He loved it (it was delicious! ) The bread basket they give you...the corn muffins were not sweet and I typically don't care fot not sweet corn muffins but these were the best ever! Again this was the best experience we have ever had! Just awesome!
4	I really enjoyed my time here. The service was really great! I wasn't in the mood for tequila, but liked how they'd dressed all of the margaritas up. So they very kindly made me one of those offerings with vodka instead. When I noticed my knife wasn't clean and looked over for my waiter, I realized he was standing just a couple of yards away, awaiting my call. He swiftly came to my aid, and went to find me another knife. On his way back, I saw him thoroughly inspecting the new one. When he saw that it wasn't perfect, he ran back to grab a third. So funny and awesome at the same time. I ordered the pork tenderloin, and ate every last bite. The sweet potato tamale was a special treat. Of the sides, I think the corn was my favorite. The recipe isn't something I've tasted before, and it was tasty! Of course, everything was pretty pricey, but if I had the budget, I could definitely see myself returning.
4	Had  dinner before Celine Dion show.  Waiter was great and was very knowledgable about the menu.  He even did a good job trying to expain the menu in Spanish to a couple sitting next to me.  Ordered the blue corn pancake with duck appetizer and the pork tenderloin as the main.  Both dishes were amazing.  My only "complaint" was that the sauces for both dishes were the same, but was very tasty.  A very relaxed and elegant experience.  Worth the $$ to dine there for a special occasion.
5	I have an insane foodie crush on Bobby Flay's flavors, so this review may be colored by that fact. But hey, if you like Southwestern flair even a little bit, you cannot possibly go wrong with this restaurant.We ordered a ton of food. Most delicious and memorable was the lobster street tacos (three tiny little nuggets of heaven, and the pickled habanero relish on top was fantastic). Also delicious and memorable: my chile relleno (Who batters it with cornmeal batter and stuffs it with eggplant? Bobby Flay does. Swoon.), mom's sweet potato soup appetizer (silky smooth, perfect flavors), and the quesadilla appetizer. I got a white peach virgin margarita, too, and it was DELICIOUS.Dessert was sticky toffee pudding (not really Southwestern, ha), and it was very tasty, though a little too boozy. Cornish Pasty Co. of Tempe, AZ still has it beat, but it was definitely a good pud.
5	Ok super expensive but worth it! I got the chile rellano for my main course as well as a white peach margarita which was sooo good. The rellano was prety perfect as well, but the best part of the meal was the tiger shrimp appetizer.
3	I'm giving this review 3 stars and really has nothing to do with the food, which was fabulous by the way. It has to do with what I saw. We were seated at a table right across from the kitchen, which by the way is pretty open so you can see the going ons as well as see the food being set out for the wait staff. We saw one of the food prep employees take a french fry off the plate that was set out for a customer and EAT IT! Then, even worse, we saw another food prep person, who was wearing gloves, pick something out of her coworkers hair as he bent down then continue on her job. Just gross....and your standing out where everyone can see you! Food was great but get a grip on your staff
4	Had a wonderful meal at Mesa Grill when we were in Vegas...Our server was Arnel, extremely knowledgeable about the menu, offered great suggestions for our meal, and right on top of everything service-wise!  The food was very good, but what made the meal for me was the service!  So often you go to pricey restaraunts and the service is only so-so...Not here!  Great job Arnel!
5	I brought my honey to Vegas last week and introduced him to the Mesa Grill.  He liked it so much that he asked me to cancel my reservations for the next evening and to just make another reservation here.  So, we ate there two nights in a row.  We have no shame.The first night, we had goat cheese queso fundido and the lamb porterhouse, with cactus pear margaritas, and shared two desserts - the coconut cake and the chocolate bread pudding.The queso fundido was even better than I remembered it.  I *love* this appetizer.  I could not get every little bit of cheese off the iron dish and that made me sad.   The lamb was probably the best lamb we've ever had (and I'm a connoisseur of lamb, it is one of my favorite dishes.  The marinade was perfect - just a hint of mint and a hint of vinegar, not overwhelming at all, and I kept trying to sop up every little bit from my plate.  You get two thick steaks with the order, quite red in the center but absolutely delicious.  It comes with a goat cheese / chorizo tamale which is pretty good (not as good as the shrimp tamale appetizer but still good).The margaritas were good, but aside from being pink I didn't discern any particular flavor other than your normal lime margarita flavor.Of the desserts we liked the coconut cake a lot but weren't too keen on the bread pudding as it was very bitter.  The coconut cake was a very large portion, easily split between 2-3 people.Our server on the first night was excellent.The second night we ordered the queso fundido again along with the duck pancake for appetizers.  I had the lamb again, my honey had the ribeye.  We skipped dessert and drinks.  The duck pancake we didn't find that exciting - it reminded my honey of barbeque pulled pork that we had recently but for much cheaper.  It tasted fine but you can do much better here.  The ribeye was good, honey was happy with it - though we both preferred the lamb.Our server the second night was fine but nothing standout.  I think he actually disappeared partway through the meal and got replaced by someone else.I am upping my rating to 5 stars even though there were a few duds on the menu because between the lamb, queso fundido, shrimp tamale and the coconut cake one can get an amazing 5 star meal.
5	Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is exceptional and unpretentious.  I've had lunch there twice, and been extremely pleased each time.  The prices are very reasonable (for a Las Vegas celebrity restaurant), and flavors jump off of the plate.My most recent meal there was a corn and shrimp tamale appetizer and a chicken and sweet potato hash topped with poached eggs.  The tamale was the best I've ever had.  If you're there, you have to get a margarita or two; they're incredibly fresh tasting, and really make the tequila shine.I will eat at Mesa Grill each time I'm in Las Vegas.
4	I ate here for lunch this past Saturday alone at the bar.  I had been here in the past and wanted to come again as I had thoroughly enjoyed it every time.Whenever I was seated I was disappointed to get the brunch menu instead of the normal lunch menu.  That meant no chile relleno that I had picked out earlier.  Instead I decided upon the 16 spice chicken salad with a side of chorizo. The salad was plated beautifully and the first bite of chicken provided my palate with the many spices.  Sadly I soon lost those spices in the rest of the salad.  It had a green onion  vinaigrette dressing on top with goat cheese and fancy lettuce.  Overall, I really enjoyed the salad.  The chorizo was also good but a bit overcooked.  It started out with a slightly sweet taste before finishing off spicy.The bottom line for me is that I will head back here again in the future the next time that I am in Vegas.  All of my previous meals here I would have given 5 stars but this time it was only worthy of 4.
4	We were gonna have sushi, but someone recommended this place before the Celine concert and we LOVED it.We started with the Blue Corn Pancake appetizer and though a bit small, it had enough flavor to dislocate your jaw.  The flavor was rich and the duck portion relative to the pancake was generous, so it didn't feel starchy.I had the Mango and Spice Crusted Tuna Steak and it was cooked perfectly (the less cooked the better) with a light crust and a delicious mango cous cous bed.  The portion was a hefty portion considering it was a slab of sashimi grade ahi.My girlfriend had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin.  The dish was served as three pillars of tenderloin, each cooked and seasoned perfectly with a slightly spicy south american spiced rub that you would expect from a dish of that name.The only down side was when we found out that the waiter had charged the entire bill and didn't take into account the $50 dining credit we had.  We only became aware of it because we got an email about the charge from the credit card company after it went through.  When we asked the waiter to clarify, he said he only charged the remainder of the bill even though the email from the credit card company clearly showed the entire bill amount.  I thought it was pretty lame on the part of the waiter to lie, but the credit card company said it was documented so we didn't have to worry above and beyond the receipt that showed the accurate amount.Happy Eating!
5	one of my favorite restaurants in the world! flavors were so amazing and the assorted bread basket was delicious! a MUST!!
2	Not impressed. We ate here before the Celine concert since it was close and will not go back.  The margaritas were great, but you can keep the rest.  Average to below average food at best.
4	Great atmosphere and food
2	The only reason this place gets business is because it is a Bobby Flay restaurant.  I was not impressed with the food at all.  I had a prickly cactus margarita (it was a delicious reddish pink color and was amazing) and Hubs tried a mezcal (which is like tequila but isn't).  For starters, we went with the server's recommendation. She said it is the most "popular" appetizer - Tiger Shrimp with Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale and cilantro sauce.  This was SMALL.  There were four medium sized (I think they were smaller than they should have been) shrimp with a tamale on the side. It really looked like the tamale was the main part of the dish and the shrimp were the side garnish.  There was nothing special about the shrimp. They looked like four cooked and peeled shrimp. I was pretty disappointed.For the mains, Hubs had the rabbit  - Cascabel Chile Crusted Rabbit with toasted chile cous cous, almonds, currants in a smoked red pepper sauce and I had the Halibut with green chile curry sauce and corn and cactus salsa. Originally, this was supposed to be Wild Stripe Bass, but there were some weather issues back East so they didn't get their fish shipment in that day.My halibut was good. Nice crunch on the top of the fish and the green chile curry sauce was mild.  I liked it. It was a huge portion of fish.  Hubs' rabbit was just ok - most people don't like the gamey flavor of rabbit, but that is what the rabbit lacked. It tasted more like chicken than rabbit.  For dessert, we had the banana cream pie.  It was pretty light and a good way to end the meal.The service was ok. At first, the server was very attentive and quick but after we got our appetizers, she was quite slow. Having experience in the food industry, I did notice that her section filled up quickly and she had small tables like us but also parties of 6 or more. She was friendly enough though.I believe there are better Mexican restaurants in Vegas.  Mesa Grill is known for grilling so maybe the steaks are better?
3	I freakin love tamales and this place has some amaaazing shrimp tamales!We ordered the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Corn Tamale - the shrimp were perfectly cooked, super tender and the tamales were made with a mixture of masa AND fresh corn kernels. I have had my fair share of tamales and this is by far my favorite. We also received complimentary breads that included a Blue Corn Cornbread. This had awesome flavor but was really dry. It crumbled every time I stuck my fork in it..My BF ordered the Green Chile Burger... the burger was cooked perfectly. The meat was well seasoned and really juicy but the green chile didnt really add anything to the burger...Everyone talks about Mesa Grill's Churros... I knew I wanted these but I wanted to check out the rest of the dessert menu too. I guess it bothered the server that I wanted to see the dessert menu before we finished our dinner because he kind of gave me an asshole look and said "well we usually give those to you after you've finished your meal". Listen jerk, I'm on vacation and if I wanted to eat dessert as my meal, with my meal or in lieu of my meal THEN I CAN! Anyhoo they didnt even have the damn churros so everyone lost...Overall, I was expecting more from this place. Dishes are hit or miss - some were awesome, some not so much.
4	As I write this, I can hardly move.  I blame Bobby Flay.  Last night we dined at Mesa Grill and the food was amazing.  I'd planned for this meal all day - akin to preparing for the civilized version of Nathan's hotdog eating contest.  A small breakfast of oatmeal, half a sandwich for lunch, plenty of water.  (Yeah, this is probably how I should eat every day...but we'll avoid that topic for now).  I've had lunch at Mesa Grill before, and that meal had me excited for the dinner.  Back then I had the Southwestern Spice Chicken Skewers.  Think of it as a build your own taco.  The chicken is traditionally grilled on wood skewers (hence the name).  You build it yourself with "special lettuce" (a blend of mint, butter lettuce, and cilantro.  Genius.) and a New Mexico Chile Sauce that tastes more like a mole sauce that a chile sauce.  I love good food, especially good Mexican (excuse me, Southwestern Cuisine), and I was clearly really looking forward to another opportunity to dine at Mesa Grill.  No surprise to anyone who knows me, I arrived on time for dinner.  My guests did not.  But the staff was pleasant and courteous none the less, even though they had to refer several people to the "first come, first served" bar area as they were booked for the evening.When my guests finally arrived (OK, they were only 15 minutes late.  'Traffic"), we started with mojitos (five stars), and the self explanatory Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale (a little dry, but tasty none the less).For dinner we had:Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno with eggplant, manchego cheese, and sweet red pepper sauce.  I love the presentation on this dish.New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with bourbon - ancho chile sauce, sweet potato tamale, and crushed pecan butter.  It was really spicy.  I mean REALLY spicy.  I had this medium - pink in the center, delicious.  And the tamale (yeah, another one.  let's not count the calories) had chunks of pecan in the pecan butter.  Happiness.Finally the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops with blackberry - cascabel barbecue sauce (brilliant!), and collard greens with smoked chiles.  It didn't disappoint. The meal took us an hour and a half.  It felt like 15 minutes.  It was a great experience and time literally flew by (mainly because there are no clocks in the casinos).  If you're planning on seeing a show after dinner, give yourself an extra hour or so.  You'll probably need it. The meal was a bit pricey ($200+ for three), but well worth it.  I've noticed that the lunch menu had many of the same items as the dinner menu - just smaller portions and priced accordingly.
4	Whenever I'm in Vegas I just have to say that there are few times I'm able to wake up early enough to go anywhere for breakfast or lunch, especially on a Sunday. BUT I WILL make an exception for this restaurant. Hopefully that speaks volumes. This restaurant (owned by Bobby Flay) is located on the casino floor of Caesar's Palace. It's easy to miss unless you're really looking for it. I feel like this restaurant is underrated and can be easily overshadowed by the many restaurants that Caesar's Palace offers. One of the main reasons why I come here is the breakfast/brunch menu. I seriously cannot get enough of their Smoked Salmon and Dill Quesadilla. It has the perfect amount of smoked salmon and cheese and the creme fraiche is delicious. Their Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale is fantastic as well as their Wild Striped Bass and Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon. I would definitely like to try the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles (a somewhat new discovery from my Mexican friends) and the Spicy Scrambled Eggs. As if you couldn't already tell I'm a sucker for spicy foods...as well as smoked salmon. I was also told that the Blue Corn Buttermilk Waffle is to die for as well. I honestly haven't had anything that doesn't taste good at this restaurant. The service is prompt and attentive, the drinks are great, and the food is fantastic. I haven't had a complaint yet. Try this place out and you won't be disappointed! Good job, Bobby Flay!
5	Even though Bobby Flay is one the more arrogant chefs on Food Network (what chef isn't though?) I still love his food, I've been to his burger joints in NY and wanted to give this restaurant a try. We had to order the margaritas since we were told they were phenomenal. My husband had the house margarita and I had the peach margarita and they were really good. For an appetizer, we got the goat cheese queso fundido with blue chips, DELICIOUS!!! I ordered the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with bourbon-ancho chile sauce. Sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter and my husband had "the most expensive steak on the menu" aka black angus new york strip steak and both were phenomenal! Our sides were mashed potatoes, roasted corn with creme fraiche and green onions (waiter's recommendation)When making reservations, we wanted to see if it was ok to bring our daughter who was 9 months, they were very catering to it. Make reservations early, sometimes you won't get a reservation until 10pm! The meal came to about $190 for 2 people, but completely worth it. Mr. Flay, you are a genius, that is all.
5	Service was top notch.  We wanted for nothing. The bread was great, the fundido was awesome, we both loved our entrees.  The steak was like butter and almost didn't need a knife to cut it. The pork tenderloin was cooked perfect. The sweet potato tamale was like a dessert it was so good.  The bread pudding was out of this world.  We did not leave one single piece of food on any plate that left our table.  I had no qualms about the price of the meal when the check came.  I will go again and again until I have had everything on the menu!
2	They put chocolate with spinach and salmon.  Yes. I typed that correct. CHOCOLATE, with spinach and salmon...enough said. The service was mediocre. Which is why it gets 2 instead of  just 1
4	Decor? Very pleasing to the eye. Service was excellent. Food?? AMAZING. I had the pork tenderloin. I was prepared to see maybe 3 small medallions on  my plate because well that is usually what you get at a restaurant like that. Perfectly cooked, small portions. I was so surprised when my plate arrived. There were huge pieces of this tenderloin just cooked to perfection. Mouthwatering good. I was so very happy. I tried my boyfriend's dish, he ordered the relleno. It was ALSO so delicious. If I go back, I will be ordering that.Needless to say, I left that place with a giant gourmet food baby.
4	While in Las Vegas a couple weeks ago my mom and I had dinner at the Mesa Grill.  I LOVE Las Vegas so in my mind it's hard to not have an awesome time.  The service was impeccable.  Just watching the place operate was exciting.We wanted to try a few different things so instead of getting a big entree we shared two apps, the Tiger shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamale (awesome), the Blue corn pancake with barbecued duck (good but I found the duck a little tough) then a side of their roasted corn chipotle aioli, lime, and cotija cheese (amazing).  Everything came to the table piping hot which I love.  The only thing that stops me from a 5 star rating is the cocktail.  I ordered the Mesa original margarita.  I wasn't able to finish it because it had way too much lime juice.  I couldn't even taste the tequila so that part was a bummer.
2	Went here a couple of weeks ago. Wasn't impressed. The "signature margarita" was nothing special, I can make better margaritas. I had the tuna steak. Again, it was nothing special. In fact, there are better tuna steaks in the frozen isle of Trader Joe's. And of course because it's Bobby Flay's place, the price was outrageous. Maybe it would've been worth it if the place had lived up to its high profile, pretentious, reputation.
4	First of all, let me just say that I love Bobby Flay. This was a surprise visit from bf after I had said that I love Bobby. We wound up getting there pretty late (right around 10:30pm when their last seating is at 10:30). Even though we got there late, the hostesses were nice and sat us right away since we had a reservation.Our server was an incredibly nice lady who was very attentive to our needs. She recommended a framboise beer for me since I was trying to decide what kind of drink to get. It wound up being pretty good. Bf ordered a Belgian White beer, forget what kind, and it was also pretty good. Okay... food. Yum. We decided to go with a couple appetizers and an entree to do family style, since we wanted to try a lot of different things. Here are my thoughts: -Roasted Corn Soup: omg this was amah-zing. It had a very complex taste, starting a bit on the sweet side, going to savory side, then ending with a somewhat sweet aftertaste. It was amazing. -Rough Cut Tuna Nachos: this was probably one of the few factors bringing it down to a 4 star versus 5 star. Fresh ahi, garnished with an avocado and mango glaze, what I think is homemade tortilla chips, it was good, don't get me wrong. It was pretty ordinary though, although bf loved the mango glaze. -Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: grilled shrimp in some kinda creamy delicious sauce (I think it's creme fraiche, but not sure), with an incredibly yummy corn tamale. This was amazing. My only suggestion would be to add more shrimp. By the end of the dish we were out of shrimp but still had a substantial amount of tamale. -Entree: New Mexico Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin: This was so yummy. Three perfectly portioned pieces of the perfect amount of pink, tender pieces (guess that's why they call it TENDERloin). But.. while the meat was deliciously cooked, the sauce and the rub were a bit overwhelming, particularly the rub. Overall, this was a great experience. I love Bobby and I think it was a great experience to visit his restaurant. I'm sad I couldn't give it five stars, but I save five stars for restaurants where I have absolutely nothing negative to say about it, and due to the tuna nachos being somewhat mediocre and the tenderloin rub being too strong, I got to take the star away. I'd give it a five if Bobby were there though. ;) Would definitely come again.
5	This place is good. The staff is friendly and not fake. The food is good. Casual atmosphere..
1	I (used to) love Bobby Flay and because I like to eat just plants, I frequently modify his recipes to suit a plant-based diet.  I was very excited to try Mesa Grill during a business trip to Vegas.  Sadly, it was a terrible experience due to Mr. Flay's arrogance.I asked our waitress if she could recommend a menu item that could be easily modified for a vegan diet and she said .... in the kindest way possible that "Mr. Flay does not modify his food for any special diet - he says you must eat it as it comes."  Excuse me, but I'm not at the French Laundry, and Bobby Flay is not Thomas Keller, so if I want a damn meal of plants I should be able to get it.Fortunately there was a salad easily modified to leave off the cheese and it was quite delicious.  My coworkers enjoyed their steaks and scallops and the margaritas were decent.  It was just such an off-putting experience to feel like I wasn't welcomed at this restaurant - we won't be back.
3	love the Food Network & Bobby Flay, so we tried Mesa on a busy Sunday night at Caesar's after an Aretha Franklin concert let out, at around 10pm. Called for reservation and they had a last minute cancellation, so we got in.Previous reviews are accurate- seating is damn cozy and you can def hear conversations next to you- restaurant is small and is immediately adjacent to the casino's sports book & club Pure.bread basket was interesting- hubby liked the corn bread & raisin bread, I liked the jalapeno brea husband had veal chop - nice size, tender; came with a corn tamale; tamales area common side here & a corn, separate side order; I didn't like the a la carte pricing for sides; his chop was $48, and he can't get a real side with it? this isn't a fancy steak house where you expect everything to be a la carte, but OK!I had chile honey salmon; it was tasty, but kind of a small portion; tasty sauces but not enough of them; I had twice baked horseradish potato, sounded bomb, would have been bomb, but it was too salty;there are not a lot of veggie options here, not a lot of green anything, but lots of corn.interesting, different experience, but would not come back.
4	I went there this past weekend with a group of friends and all of us walked away very happy and impressed with the food.  The service is top notch as well.I had the NY Strip steak which was cooked perfectly medium rare.  I couldnt have asked for a better steak and for the size of the steak, I thought it was very reasonable in price...I actually couldnt finish the steak as I was so full.  They served some steak sauce on the side, but I thought the steak was too good to even bother with steak sauce, although I did enjoy the spiciness of the sauce.  Somebody else had ordered the pork tenderloin which was amazing as well.  I had a side dish that was a tamale and it was excellent.  I dont really know what was inside of it but it had a texture that made me think there was nuts.  Everyone who had ordered the baked potato loved it.  Somebody ordered the collared greens which I tried, but I was not too impressed.  They were probably the only thing that I would not have ordered again.Overall, it was a great experience and I would try it again
4	My boyfriend and I came here for his birthday dinner and I'm thoroughly impressed, it was much better than I had anticipated. I've looked over the menu before and thought it was a pretty normal menu but it was spectacular!For appetizers, we had the corn soup and chicken skewers. Let me tell you the portions may look itsy bitsy but it's more than enough to start your meal with. The soup was tangy with a hint of heat and it was so unbelievably smooth. And the chicken skewers. WOW! The plate comes with three skewers, a gloried BBQ sauce and some pieces of lettuces, mint and parsley. I had no idea what to do with the lettuce until our server pointed out that I would make little wraps with it. Boy am I glad she caught that. It was delicious. The chicken is nice and charred on the outside but still wonderfully moist and juicy on the inside.For the main course, my boyfriend got the black angus stead and I got the salmon. I'm not much of a beef person, but my boyfriend knows his steak. In his opinion, the steak was more than worth the $50. The chef got the temperature just right and underneath the steak was the BBQ sauce with a blend of other really colorful sauces. And we were both surprised at the portion of the steak. It was almost double what you normally get. The salmon also had the same bed of sauces, a little repetitive but it was delicious no less. I got it cooked medium because that's how our server recommended it (it was pink in the center) but I'm sure you can request it to be cooked through more. The salmon was great! Nice and moist and the outside had a really nice sear on top.For dessert, we had the toffee bread pudding and the chocolate bread pudding. When my boyfriend ordered a glass of wine, our server noticed it was his birthday a few days prior and brought out his dessert with a little candle in it! I thought that was nice! :D Unfortunately, I was less than impressed with my dessert, hence one star less. They had a pretty comprehensive dessert menu too, in case you're much of a sweets person you can order a 15 year old Bourbon instead!Now, the service was speedy and so friendly! So so friendly! Sat us down with a smile and sent us away with a smile, so that made the night even better.All in all, if you're looking for a trendy and casual place to eat, this is your spot. No need to decipher fancy french menus here!
3	The dining room of Mesa Grill is very sleek with dark wood furniture and bursts of colorful accents.  The hostess was friendly, and our waiter was excellent.  The bread basket was good and came with blue corn and bell pepper muffins.  I ordered the corn soup to start and the smoked chicken and black bean quesadilla.  The corn soup was excellent and had a spicy kick from the chipotle cream.  Quesadillas seem so pedestrian, but I was dying to try a Bobby Flay quesadilla.  Frankly, this was a bit disappointing because the tortilla seemed overcooked and slightly burnt.  The smoked chicken component was good, but I couldn't find much black bean.  Overall, this dish was underwhelming.  I also sampled my friend's veal, which was excellent.  The lobster tacos were very good but also very small.  I'd recommend Mesa Grill if you like dolled up Southwestern fare - just skip the quesadilla.
5	BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST DINING EXPERIENCES IN MY LIFE. Unforgettable!Even if Will Smith "flashy thinged" me like in Men In Black.. I would remember the pear cactus margarita and the rabbit entree I had at Mesa Grill.The flavors are unlike anything your average home cook can put together. AND THAT MY FRIENDS is why people should be dining out in the first place. How many times do you go out to eat and think "I can make this at home". I know I do, a lot! Most of the time its about being waited on and the atmosphere. Well at Mesa Grill, it is about all of the above. The duck quesadilla was split and I literally only got one bite (as did the other 2 at the table with me) but it was so worth it. All of our eyes lit up when we put the fork into our mouthes. The coffee rubbed steak, the pork tenderloin as well as my rabbit was all so delicious.Word to the wise: just dont cancel your reservation, there is a $75.00 fee if you need to cancel the day of past 3 pm. We didn't, just were warned. :)
5	Dinner was amazing!   We have also eaten at Emeril's New Orleans Fish House, which was good, but Mesa Grill was AMAZING!  In the celebrity chef throw down, Bobby Flay beat Emeril hands down!  The decor was upscale approachable.  You could wear nice jeans and a nice shirt and feel comfortable here.  I only wish it were not right in the casino.  Although the restaurant is beautifully decorated with nice details, if you look  beyond the glass windows, you could see the betting monitors.  Mesa Grill needs a better location...maybe in the Forum near Spago's where the view is much nicer. My friend and I started with Blue Corn Lobster Tacos appetizer.   The order gives three mini tacos, but wow!  Those little guys are packed with flavor!!  I could eat 20 of those!  Not for that price though.  Haha.We each ordered an entree and splitted them.  My Coffee-Rubbed Filet Mignon was spectacular.  It was cooked perfectly, melt in your mouth tender, and so full of depth from the coffee rub.  The mushroom-ancho chili sauce was the perfect rustic accompaniment with its rich, deep flavors.My friend's entree of New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin was out of this world!  I have never eaten a pork tenderloin like that.  It was still pretty pink, but I trusted that Bobby Flay knew what he was doing and wouldn't give me salmonella.  Well, I'm glad I went for it, because that pork was as tender as the filet mignon.  I seriously could not tell the difference in tenderness between the too.For dessert, we shared the Chocolate Pretzel Tart.  For me, the best part of that dessert was the spicy peanut butter ice cream that came with it.  The heat was not a smack in the face type of heat, but rather a slow warm heat in the back of your throat.  The tart was a pretzel cylinder with a pool of chocolate sauce.  In the "moat" was what tasted like a flourless chocolate cake.  Delicious!  Overall, what I really liked was Bobby  Flay's command of spices.  If something was described as spicy, it was always a deliberately controlled amount of spiciness that just slowly warmed the back of your throat and lingered.  it was a beautiful orchestration of flavors blending into a perfect symphony.   Truly amazing.
4	Excellent restaurant! Great wine list, Finca Allende 06, and one of the best NY's in town!Always a good time
4	Went here for a fancy dinner while staying in Vegas. Just have to say upfront that I took away one star just because this was my 2nd choice. Gordon Ramsey steak was sold out :(.That being said the food here was really good! starting with the bread basket, the asiago cheese jalapeno bread was soo yummy. I had the grilled chicken and it was excellent. I also really like the tamale that came as my side dish. I also ordered the twice baked potato as an extra side and the spicy horseradish that came with it was so good. For dessert i had the chocolate pretzel tart with peanut butter icecream. sooo good!! even if i only got a small piece of pretzel (The boyfriend stole the rest!) Best part was the quick seating (we had a reservation) and the SUPERB service from the staff. I enjoyed it overall very much.
5	Whatever you do, GET THE LOBSTER TACOS!!!I don't even like seafood but OMG THOSE TACOS!! the bread basket is also definitely something to write home about - I indulged in a refill =) The main event was the famous pork tenderloin.  Honestly, it was good.. but there was no "wow factor."  The sauce is actually overpoweringly sweet while the pork itself could use a slight kick of spice.  Staff was very friendly and I really like the look of the place.  I'll be back to give something else a shot... if not just for those lobster tacos and bread!
5	I tend to stay away from restaurants that have a celebrity chef attached to it.  I wondered how much time did Bobby Flay actually spend in this restaurant?  I admire Bobby Flay and I have had some of the dishes he inspired and like what he does with flavors.  I figured Mesa would be a safe bet when I was asked to choose the place for a group of six.It was better than safe, it was excellent.  The service was excellent.  The gruop wasn't in a rush, and the waitress didn't rush us.  She spent a lot of time asnwering questions without a hit of annoyance.  I had the coffee rubbed Filet Mignon and it is probabyl the best steak I have ever had.  I didn't need a steak knife, it fell apart.  There was something about the coffee rub that is going to compell me to go through hsi cookbooks in hopes I find what exactly is in it.Other notable items on the table were Goat Cheese Queso Fundido, heirloom tomato salad.  Both were excellent.  The side of mashed potatoes was really good.  This is a top notch restaurant!
5	Based on yelp reviews, I planned out my meal based on what I read that people had success with at Mesa Grill.   I didn't want to eat a very heavy meal so I had the following: a margarita on the rocks with salt, roasted corn soup, smoked chicken and black bean quesadilla, and strawberry and gooseberry shortcake for desert.  The food was excellent, and so was the service.  I would highly recommend eating here when you visit Ceasars.
4	A great dining experience but not the best Vegas has to offer in the grill category. I confess that me and my friend were seduced by the star name on the name to make reservations here for dinner but although it artificially raises its prices because of a vague association to Bobby Flay its dishes retain the famous chef's signature style. Which basically means that they are slightly spicier and over-sauced than you'll probably find at home. Price was MESA is "spendy" but not ridiculous like some of Caesar's other offerings (Ie. Homestead Steakhouse). The ambiance is trendy and upbeat;  I was actually surprised by how bright and colorful the decoration inside was. For dinner we had a decent bottle of burgundy for about $90-100 and: Rough Cut Tuna Nachos ($16)Lobster Tacos ($20)Roasted Veal Chop ($48)Chile Crusted Rabbit ($38)Collard Greens and Sauteed Spinach ($9 each)The whole dinner came to around  $300 but it would have been closer to $200 (with tax and tip) were it not for the bottle of wine. For me the highlight of the dinner was the Rabbit which is perfectly seasoned and prepared in 2 distinct styles. My friend enjoyed his entree and desert as well but we both found the side dishes disappointing. They were bland and the collard greens did not taste at all fresh. However the side dishes are unnecessary I think: the entrees all come with some vegetables and the serving of rabbit in particular is too big for one person. I could only get through 2/3 of it before surrendering. A final somewhat strange note: The hosts like to arrange the seating so that people who are dressed similarly are next to each other. This leads to the restaurant divided into several clusters: 1) filled with men in Hawaiian shirts and polos, 2) trendy ladies in cocktail dresses, 3) those dressed to impress and those elderly gentlemen with young trophy wives. In a way it's nice because no matter how you dress you shouldn't feel comfortable because the people around you will probably be dressed in a similar style.
5	Our experience at Mesa Grill was wonderful. We started with the smoked chicken tacos for my husband and the chicken and black bean quesadilla for me. Hubby loved the spicy BBQ sauce on his tacos. We thought the portions were big and could have easily shared either of them. A selection of bread was offered before the meal.For entrees, I got the pork tenderloin and hubby got the filet. He said it was perfect and ate every bite. We are big steak eaters so we know a good (and bad) steak when we see one. The pork was delicious and perfectly cooked to medium, but the ancho-chile sauce was a little spicy for me. The only disappointment we had was we were too full for dessert.Service was great and the pace was nice, we never felt rushed even though the restaurant was very crowded on a Saturday night. The hostesses were not rude or crabby, just very busy. The cocktails were very strong--had to have hubby finish mine for me.  Hubby can't wait to go back to Vegas just to eat here again.
4	I love watching Bobby's shows, unfortunately no Cali restaurant locations. So I jumped at the chance to try lunch here when visiting Vegas with my teen sons. Of course I went sans my sons. Gave them McDs money and strolled in right before the lunch crowd hit.I dropped a star because the hostess immediately asked if I wanted to be seated at the bar. I declined but she only offered me a table closely arranged to other tables with couples and groups. I asked for a table somewhere else where I wouldn't feel like I was a third wheel but the hostess claimed nothing else was available. So I settled for the bar, the bartenders were very nice and offered suggestions of the white peach margarita. It was very nice and strong-should be for $13. I had the BBQ lamb Cobb salad which was flavorful and filling except for the lamb all ingredients were routine. Finally the banana cream pie was delicious, light creamy with fresh bananas, custard,whip cream topped with a delectable toffee crisp cookie. I hope Mr Flay opens a restaurant in northern California somewhere, Napa maybe?
5	Amazing Tex-Mex. I was a bit skeptical since I was traveling from Texas... where... there is a lot of Tex-Mex.Nope- this place exceeded my expectations and then some. I got their house margarita. It was the best margarita I have ever had! The tequila was amazing, and the tequila mixer was fresh and not too sweet.For my entree I had the pork tenderloin, which was fantastic. I usually don't order pork tenderloin because it is too dry and tasteless. This one was actually tender and juicy! The sauce was not too overpowering and blended great with the rest of the dish. This was worth every penny. It is in Caesar's Palace, so if you're on the strip you might as well make a reservation!
5	I love Bobby Flay and his restaurants. This place is amazing. Went there for brunch one day and left pretty tipsy and craving more of those amazing margaritas. The cactus pear margarita was amazing, as long as you can handle a pink drink. My meal, the sweet potato and chicken hash, was fantastic and spicy, just as I thought it would be at this southwest inspired restaurant. The service was super friendly and just a great experience overall.
4	Went for brunch on a saturday morning, nice relaxed atmosphere.  Chicken hash was really good - a little spicy, but definitely not over the top.  Toastada was good too, a little one note, but still good.
5	Before hitting  Vegas I read a lot of reviews on the Mesa Grill.  I could not understand all the complaints about the service... just could not see Bobby Flay owning a place with low standards.  The service was awesome... from the hostess to the waiter.  I'd expect it to be so... I just had to log a good experience.  The food, by the way, was delicious.  My son and I both had Tiger Shrimp Tamales as appetizers, based on Michael Symon's "Best Thing I Ever Ate in Vegas".  They lived up to the hype.  I really enjoyed the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich... but not nearly as much as my son loved the Smoked Shrimp Tacos.  He wasn't as excited about coming to Mesa Grill in the first place, but he raved about these.  So,  yes, this is a pricey place... but it was absolutely worth it for us.  The service could not have been better.
5	This was a great find, thanks to my friend & yelp! It is a bit pricey but worth it if you're looking for amazing quality and flavor and great service! I had the pork tenderloin, which I never get since it always comes out dry but this was cooked perfectly, med rare and so so much flavor. Try Mesa Grill, you won't regret it!
5	Maybe the best dinner of my life.My husband and I ate dinner there with my sister and brother in law back in September.  I was anticipating that it would be expensive, and it was.  It was also totally worth it.  My husband had the side of corn for something like $8, and I thought "Eight dollars for corn?!".  And then I tried it.  And it was amazing.He had the tuna steak and I had the quesadilla appetizer as my entree, and it was so rich and delicious I needed help finishing it.My sister and brother in law ate off a prix-fix menu, and were very pleased with theirs as well.I will say that the service was slower than I had anticipated, though to be fair it was a Saturday night.  The food was absolutely outstanding.  Would love to go here again, and the food is definitely good enough to warrant the price tag.
4	The chicken sauce was to die for. Very good!
5	This has to be my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I go everytime I am in Vegas and I am never dissapointed.  Love their queso and they have awesome cocktails!
5	Took the family there.  Always wanted to try flay's food.  It did not disappoint.  We had the ribs, pancake, and chicken skewers as appetizers.  All were tasty.  The only concern I have is the size of the pancake...too small to share.As for entrees, we had the pork loin, veal chop, and Chille Relleno.  All were fantastic!  Seasoning and flavors were wonderful.  Loved the food.  May come back the next time we are in town. Service was good...place was a bit noisy...hard to talk.  Other than that, it was a great experience.
4	One liner: The lamb grill is awesome . The service was very good
5	I have been to Mesa Grill time and time again, and have never once been disappointed. Tonight was no different. Super Great. I had the pear margarita, the queso funido, and the pork tenderloin. Phenominal. The service also excellent. The interior interesting. Cost around $100 per couple.Top Notch.
4	Great visit.  About 2 years ago now.  Had the Pork Tenderloin, would recommend to anyone.  Also had the shrimp tamale.  Great flavor, great presentation and awesome margaritas.  Weekends can be tough to get a seat if you don't have a res 4-5 days out.
3	Not worth the price for the food here. We ordered the tiger shrimp with the garlic corn tamales to start with, and the porterhouse lambchops entree.  Both were really good, but overly heavy, creamy, and overpriced! We were also served a basket of various breads, which were baked fresh and were pretty neat. EVeryone seemed to be raving about the blue corn muffin, but i found it to be too crumbly and not very sweet for a muffin. My favorite out of the bread basket was the asiago cheese jalapeno bread. Overall, food was delicious, but just overly heavy and overpriced. The service at the restaurant, however, is absolutely superb. Fantastic service from our server, and also by the rest of the staff that greets you when you enter and also bids you farewell as you leave.
5	Everyone knows that this is Bobby Flay's restaurant and I am extremely sad that it took this long to make it here.  We had a reservation and were seated immediately.  The server was great and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time.Dishes:Rough cut tuna "nachos": This was a very tasty dish.  You get a lot of tuna, and it was very fresh.  The sauces at Mesa are all delicious.  None of it was too spicy (I love spicy, g/f not so much).Blue Corn Pancake: I personally liked the nachos better.  There was nothing wrong with the pancake, it was good, just not as good as the tuna.New Mexican Spiced Rub Tenderloin: This was the best tenderloin I've ever had.  I'm not exactly sure how they get it so tender with so much flavor.  Our waitress said it was the most popular (and spicy) dish on the menu.  It was moderately spicy but extremely delicious.Fire Roasted Veal Chop: This had excellent flavor and another highly recommended dish.  It was large, tender, and the char on it was perfect.  Roasted Corn Side Dish: Another delicious dish.  We were told this was a summer only dish which is sad because I would say it ties or beats Joe's Steak and Crab for the best I've had. Banana Cream Pie: For dessert we had the banana cream pie.  It was an interesting take on the classic and was very good.  It wasn't heavy which made it nice after eating the previous dishes.We also both got specialty cocktails which were excellent.
4	Hot damn that tamale with king shrimp was very impressive.Hot damn those barbequed ribs were delicious.The tuna steak was tasty.The banana custard was unimpressive. I do not recommend this dessert no matter how hard your server pushes it.
5	Having dined at Mesa for dinner before, we decided to stop in for lunch to grab a burger.  Mesa totally rocked the house with one of the best burgers I've ever had.  It was flavored to perfection and juicy as can be.  Our caesar salad to start was also excellent.  The star of the lunch, however, were the Margaritas.  Mesa doesn't fool around with fillers and packaged ingredients and the quality shines through starting with the Tequilla and the fresh squeezed lime juice.  It was a smooth as you could imagine.
5	Bobby Flay is hands down one of my favorite chefs so I had visit his joint. Everything was perfection from start to finish. His dishes all full of flavor, we ordered everything ranging from steak to fish to chicken to duck, no complaints from anyone in our group. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Mesa Grill. My first experience was the location in the Bahamas when I realized they had a location in Vegas I had to have it again. I think the one in Vegas a bit more vibrant and colorful, but both are amazing. Definitley check it out if you are in Vegas or Bahamas you won't regret it!
5	I feel inclined to give this place a good review a year after eating here because of a recent trip to Vegas with a HORRIBLE experience at a different fancy restaurant. That said- Mesa Grill has given me one of the BEST meals of my life. Go there. Eat something amazing. You won't regret it!
5	This place is great! I mean great! I have long been a fan of Bobby Flay. Since I am a die hard Food Network fan I have had the opportunity to see a lot of Bobby. I like his style and I really like the fact that he incorporates a lot of different chiles and southwestern flavors into his food.I came here with my wife Shelly and two of our best friends. So we decided to try several different items.We started with the appetizer of the Barbecued Ribs that are finished in a peanut chipotle sauce. Lip smackin' good! Very flavorful and cooked perfectly. We next moved to the Blue Corn Pancake with bbq'd Duck and was finished with a habenero star anise sauce. Very good. It was small so we each got one bite but we enjoyed it nonetheless. We also enjoyed the Blue Corn Lobster Tacos. These were fantastic!! The flavors were spot on and this was my favorite appetizer. Last but not least was the Burrata and Grilled Radicchio salad. Not bad but not spectacular either.For the entrees we ordered three of them. I ordered the Fire Roasted Veal Chop. Shelly and I split this dish. This was finished with a maple-horseradish glaze and got a "wow" reception from the entire table. I love veal and this did not disappoint. I ordered it medium rare and it came cooked to perfection. My buddy Dave ordered the Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon that was finished in a mushroom-ancho chile sauce. This also received rave reviews (I had this on my previous visit) and was cooked to perfection as well. Fork tender and flavorful. Our friend Brenda ordered the Cornmeal Crusted Chile Rellano. This was stuffed with roasted eggplant, manchego cheese and then topped with a sweet red pepper sauce and balsamic vinegar. This dish was outstanding. This may have been the least enticing dish for me but was very memorable for the outstanding textures and flavors. I tend to go more toward meat dishes when I dine out but I would not hesitate to order this on my next visit. It was that good!For the sides we had the Roasted Corn with chipotle aioli, lime and cotija cheese. Awesome!  We also had the mashed potatoes with the green chile queso sauce. This was spectacular as well.This was my second visit to Mesa Grill and I was just as wowed as my first. If you like Bobby Flay and his take on southwestern food this place is not to be missed.As a side note...what made this a most enjoyable experience was the company that I was with. Great friends and great food cannot be overstated.
4	Was very excited to try this resturant out. Like some of other reviewers, am a Bobby Flay fan. There were 4 of us in our party - 2 adults & 2 kids under age of 10.Menu varies for lunch & dinner. We chose to go for an early dinner - around 5-ish. We were seated right away in the back part of resturant in a round table. Was a nice "view" of the resturant, cooking stations, and other tables. Perhaps a little less noisy than the rest of the place. We were able to talk amongst ourselves just fine. (Even share a bit of conversation wtih members of the table right next to us.)Adults had the Tuna steak. (I really enjoyed it medium-rare. My husband had it med-well.) The poblano-peppercorn sauce was tasty and married well with the couscus. Our portions were a good size, I thought. We also had an order of the lobster tacos - good flavor. I agree wth Cat P. that the asiago cheese jalapeno bread was the best of all the breads in the bread basket ;-) We initially were going to order a couple apps for the kids - but our waiter suggested a burger or cheese burger for them. (Nice touch! And worth the $12 for a grade-A burger w/ fries.)  They enjoyed refillable sodas/lemonaide. While the adults drank tasty margaritas - go ahead, try the signature White peach Margarita!  Desert... ah, the finishing touch on a great meal. We shared 2 deserts: toasted coconut cake and banana cream pie. Not too sweet and hit the spot. Service notes: Our waitstaff was attentive, knowledgable about the menu, and were delightful with the two kids.What we might do differently next time: Say no to the mineral water ($8.50 per bottle was a bit too spendy.)It was a good meal that came with a price. It could be considered your "big spend" item while visiting. We would consider coming back (just with Adults). Save a Margarita for me.....!
4	Had the Mesa Burger: burger was good but nothing earth-shattering good.  I did like the horseradish mustard to dip my fries in.
4	My boyfriend loves Mesa Grill in New York and has been going there with his family for years.  This was my first time and it did not disappoint.  We were staying at Caesars for only a night and this was a perfect time to try it out!  I got the tuna nachos appetizer and it was very spicy and great!  I got the salmon with black bean sauce which was also great.  Very odd that the waiter asked how I wanted my salmon cooked - always a first time for everything!  My only complaint is the drinks are too expensive - no real choice for white wines and $13 a glass for an ok glass of white.  My boyfriend loved his margaritas which were also $13.  Bobby, get your drink prices a little more in line!
3	Had brunch here today. ambiance is nice as you might expect from a Bobby Flay restaurant. I had the Mesa Burger. I ordered it medium rare and that's how it came. It was put together well, but, it wasn't the  great burger i had hoped for. It wasn't juicy as a burger should be and the bun was slightly to big and bready  and overshadowed the burger. The goat cheese fondue was good. we also had at the table Salmon, Sea Bass, and a quesadilla. Even though I gave it three stars ( mainly based on my burger) I will go back and try other things. I believe their is potential for a four or even five star rating. I shall follow up this review after my next visit to the Mesa Grill.
4	For me, it's all about the Shrimp Corn Tamale!It's unlike any tamale you've ever had. The is with a gourmet twist after all. When I'm on a business trip in Vegas, I can usually walk in, sit myself at the bar and order one of these and a cocktail with no fuss. If I'm starving, I might get the burger and one of these... The Tamale is a must.
5	Love to come here for the huge and delicious rib eye steak.  The lamb chops are great also.  For the dessert try the custard.
3	I was excited to try my first Bobby Flay Restaurant. When I walked in, I was very surprised by the casual environment. I was under the impression that it was going to be a little more formal than it was. There wasn't anything extravagant about the interior, very simple. Sadly, we have been drinking the whole day and wasn't really hungry from the really late lunch we had.We ordered the smoked chicken quesadilla and wasn't too amazed. You can definitely skip this appetizer. We then got the Blue Corn Lobster Tacos which was full of flavor and very good! A definite appetizer to get.Due to us not being too hungry we ordered the crusted Tuna Steak. The tuna was delicious but it too wasn't something we would order again. I think we might of just ordered the wrong plates because a 9 year old boy ordered the rib eye and his dad got the NY strip steak and it looked AMAZING. The lady to my left ordered the cioppino and that too looked AMAZING.I definitely want to check out the NY location for their brunch menu that they are well known for and try out Bobby Flay's food again... when I am not so full. Till then...
5	Bobby Flay hit it out of the park with this one (like we expected anything less). The food was fantastic and the staff was awesome! yes, it's a bit pricy, but it's Vegas, everything is going to be pricy.HOT TIP: Try Mesa for lunch - its easier to get in and lunch entrees are not too pricy (compared to dinner).
4	halibuttttt was good...cornbread? it wasn't bad..not as sweet as i thought..the other jalapeno and rasin bread was good... :)the price wasn't bad for the portions..the burger was huge and the southwestern fries were delicious with the wasabi aioli..service was nice..the decor was nice..casual..low key..came here for lunch..not bad for all that food and feel stuffed for $80..
4	After seeing Chef Bobby Flay on the Food Network channel numerous times, I made sure to put Mesa Grill on my Las Vegas restaurant bucket list. The restaurant definitely lived up to the hype for me. The appetizer the Glazed Ribs and Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale was tasty. The glaze on the ribs was unique.The corn tamale complimented the shrimp very well. For my entree, I decided to try the shrimp and grits. Growing up in the south, I really enjoyed this dish. The flavors from the shrimp and grits were unbelievable. This dish definitely hit the mark. I had a hard time choosing a dessert. All the choices on the dessert menu sounded delicious. I decided to go with the Toasted Coconut Cake. I made a good choice because the cake was finger licking good. The coconut cake had just the right amount of coconut flavor. The service was good. The waiter was attentive for a packed restaurant. Reservations are highly recommended at Mesa Grill. I got into the restaurant late in the evening. Although Mesa Grill is located in Caesars Palace, the restaurant has a nice romantic atmosphere. Mesa Grill is a good restaurant to enjoy Bobby Flay inspired dishes. This was one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
2	I was so looking forward to this restaurant. And once we were there, I couldn't wait to leave. I can only describe the service as "disinterested". And this is what spoiled the entire experience for me. We had reservations and somehow got a table which was right behind a server station which was along side of an on-ramp. The waiter would casually lean over the side of the ramp to ask us how we were doing, then leave before we could finish a sentence. There were tons of waitstaff milling about, but very few people actually in the restaurant at the time for dinner. The staff seemed more interested in talking to each other and watching the games on the big TVs that dominated the area (loudly) just outside the restaurant. I will say that the food was absolutely top notch. I had the strip steak and it was just perfect. Loved the twice baked potato and collard greens as well. Unfortunately, we did not stay for dessert. I couldn't see sticking around and paying top dollar for horrible service. Perhaps we'll give this a try when we are in New York. I wouldn't recommend this for Vegas. There are much better places to go.
3	I only had brunch here and was disappointed with both my entre: chilaquiles and drink. However, the service was fantastic (Thanks Amanda!) and so were the appetizers.
2	I've been meaning to go this place for so long and I finally got to try it out. Unfortunately, I was disappointed by my visit. I got the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and it wasn't good to me. I asked how the chef recommended it be cooked (rare) and I thought that it was too raw/red for me. I would not recommend getting this dish although lots of people on Yelp say to do so. The Chile Relleno was really good and the margaritas we ordered were yummy as well. Ask which drinks are popular.Service was excellent and the atmosphere is nice.I guess since I've been waiting to try this place for so long and after hearing about how yummy it is, I had some high expectations so when I finally got to try it out, no expectations were met and I was sad. Oh well--feels good to check this off my list though.
3	My boyfriend and I went to Vegas for his birthday and since both of us are foodies we figured we mine as well try one of B.Flay's restaurants. We have really enjoyed some of his cooking shows so we had high hopes for our mean. The pros are that they managed to create a unique new-age Spanish atmosphere in the middle of Caesar's. The second is that they know how to cook meat PERFECTLY. My boy got the pork chop and was blown away by spice and tenderness. The last positive was that service was stupendous. There was never a moment where are drinks weren't full or our requests weren't immediately answered. The OKAY aspect of Mesa was their specialty drinks... each one had unique flavor combinations but come on people... add some really alcohol here!!! I mean we are in Vegas baby!The negatives were that everything else we ordered was BLAND BLAND BLAND!!!! We started off with the Queso Fundio. I ordered their stuffed pepper and all the side we shared were boring as well: double baked potato, corn bread and the collard greens. I was so disappointed I wanted to warn people walking in the restaurant that is wasn't worth our money. Summary... BLAND overpriced food overpowered the good service and atmosphere.
3	Pros- swank, prestigous b/c of Bobby Flay and right across from PURE nightclub.  Most of the food delicous and fun fusion. Cons- not aiming to please.  They're just trying to push through the tourists and not looking to make the locals happy (aka. repeat customers).**This may have been an "off night" for them.  Everyone at my table had been there before and said that they've seen it run better in the past.
5	Oh Bobby Flay, you truly deserve to be an iron chef.  Had the NY steak and it was so so delicious.  Hubby had the rib eye and just the look of it made me want to eat it all.  The corn thingy side was so good, as was the mashed potatoes.  The fundito was really good too, as were the chicken skewers.  Not really crazy for the tamales though.  But regardless, the service and the food were so good, and the price wasn't as bad as I thought it might be so go Bobby!!!
1	One word: bummer.  I'm a huge fan of Bobby Flay and was so disappointed in the meal we had at this restaurant.  My quesadilla was burnt and the sauce was slapped on the plate. The flavor was dull. My husband's salad was ice cold...and very apparent it was pulled pre-made from the walk-in. Really? This was what we got for a $50 lunch? Service was so-so.  I'm embarrassed for Bobby Flay to have his name associated with this place.
4	Well Bobby Flay does it again. Second or third time at this great Restaurant in Ceasars Las Vegas. Place was very crowded and we were unable to make a reservation earlier in the day because it was booked. After the Greenbay game we thought we would Celebrate and try Bobbies again. Still booked but we found a comfortable lounge seat in the Lounge(smile). Right away we were treated with the best service, and was served the best meal we've experienced in a long time. So thanks to Bobby and his wonderful staff for a great Celebration in Mesa Grill.
4	I normally don't go to big restaurants in Vegas. Usually we eat cheap (because we lose and have to dish it out at clubs) or we go to the buffets for the grand experience.This will be the first of many.We went in a party of 7 around 530 to beat a rush (if any). Though there dress code is pretty casual, sleeves are a must (no bro tanks here). We had a reservation that was made a couple days prior and got seated right when the last one of us had arrived. We were greeted by our waiter who pretty much gave us the lowdown on the menu. As someone on our group said, there probably could have been a whole powerpoint presentation on the information he gave us. No complaints about the service. Waiter came around early and often. He even brought backup just to refill water.Food: Was great. To be honest, I haven't tried pricey steaks so often but that New York strip was good. I tried my friend's rib-eye and DO RECOMMEND that one over the strip. Overall, you're paying that much for a steak so it better be good, right? We also started with the blue corn pancake (with duck inside). I would have liked to be bigger, but it seems like its a trend that the appetizers are appetizer size. The duck was very tender and flavorful though. I do recommend the tamale. It will be unlike any tamale you have ever eaten...trust me on that one. As for a side, the waiter recommended the roasted corn chipotle aioli which was fantastic. Price: Well it's Bobby Flay. "Pay him. Pay him his money"Bobby Flay did it right. Iron Chef, we'll meet again someday.
5	Been here a number of times, but finally made it for brunch and you can just tell that it's Bobby Flay's favorite meal, the quesadilla appetizer was incredible and the corned beef hash was just awesome.
5	Celebrated  my 60 th Birthday here tonight. What a fabulous meal! We had the Shrimp Tamale, to die for and, a Duck Taco, equally as good. My husband had the Green Chili Choppino and I had the rabbitt.  What a first class meal. Service was impeccable! Decore is beautiful. Maragritas arn't bad either!
2	I could care less about the "celebrity" chefs phenomenon. Can't help but think it adds 20% to the tab of such restaurants. In the case of Mesa Grill, we didn't really notice Mr. Flay's influence in that the meals we ordered didn't particularly stand out from any other restaurant of this type.We were a party of six celebrating a birthday.Overall the service was very good and responsive. Oddly, they don't have salt and pepper shakers at the tables. I asked the server to bring it. She never did. Must have spaced it.I ordered the $50 bone in-ribeye. Couldn't get much flavor out of it. Gee I missed the salt and pepper.Others at our table said they enjoyed their meal. No one was "over the top" in their praise.The side dishes were ridiculously small and absurdly overpriced.The setting was beautiful - lots of glass with casino views.I suppose Mesa Grill qualifies as a moderate to high priced "upscale" restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip. It's about what I expected in a tourist trap town.
5	Being in Vegas makes me always want to do something up whether its betting high, hitting a good club, or splurging on a one damn good meal. This trip we chose to do it up by going to Mesa Grill because 1) we LOVE Food Network and 2) we enjoy watching Bobby Flay. Upon arrival, we were greeted warmly by the host and within 5 minutes were seated. Our waiter then came to take our drink order and provided the house recommendations. For drinks, we went for the Mesa Margarita which was very nice and refreshing.For appetizer, we ordered the house specialty Blue Corn pancake with BBQ duck. It was VERY good and it made my wife a duck eater now which she wasn't before having experienced duck at another restaurant but didn't like so much. It had a great BBQ flavor and the blue corn pancake looked like a crepe and worked nicely together. It was great but $15 for one duck pancake was a little steep. For entree, I ordered the house specialty Pork Tenderloin which was absolutely phenomenal. I'm so happy I ordered this dish because it was banging with flavor throughout the entire dish and every bite...melt in your mouth tenderloin!! Smokey and full of flavor! My wife ordered the chipotle bone-in rib eye medium rare which she enjoyed but she definitely liked the pork tenderloin much better.  For a side, we ordered the roasted corn that had cotija cheese aka mexican cheese, a creamy sauce and OMG it was sooo DELICIOUS and a great compliment to our dishes. Again, lots and lots of flavor in this side dish!We really enjoyed this restaurant and would definitely be back...after we try Gordon Ramsy's Steak restaurant. ;)
1	I was so disappointed by this restaurant.  It was pretty sad that the best thing we ordered was water.   The goat cheese queso fundido was recommended by the waiter; it was chunky cheese that was halfway cold by the time it got to our table.  I ordered Bass.  It was so soggy, almost inedible.  AndI couldn't believe that the food at Bobby Flay's restaurant was BLAND?!?!  So odd!  The after-dinner cocktails were super, super strong.  I like to drink, but I don't usually do pulls of Hawkeye Vodka on the rocks, and that's what it tasted like to me!  I would try another restaurant; there are plenty of them on the strip!
5	I have been to Mesa Grill before for dinner so I wanted to try it for lunch during this trip because Bobby Flay is known for his burgers and it didn't disappoint. Huge burger with melted cheese and it was fantastic.  The onions were a little much but nothing that couldn't be fixed quickly.  I was really surprised by how great the fries were! Definitely put this on your list of restaurants to hit up with you are in town, whether it be for lunch or dinner.
4	Bobby Flay Does It Again!I'm a huge Bobby Flay fan but am very skeptical of celebrity owned restaurants. I was hesitant to try this place but thank god I did. We decided to go here for Brunch and everything we ate was delicious. The service was great and you won't be disappointed with the food. I had the spicy chicken & sweet potato hash! IT WAS AMAZING! The flavors were perfectly balanced and the concept was great. Good job Mr. Flay!
4	Been here a few times now, here's a complete rewrite...We've been here for food a few times and just drinks several more times. The service has been amazing and poor. The food is good to great, the margaritas are excellent.First the drinks, they really know margaritas. I don't think their "Mesa Margarita" is good but not great. It's a good start that runs slightly sweet without being the typical "punch-style" margarita. With the Especial Margarita, you call the tequila and pick one of three orange liqueurs. If you've got a favorite tequila in mind you want this.  Finally, they have the Partida. It's served straight up in a martini glass. But you can get it in a bucket if you prefer. Because there's no ice, it's going to look small. Don't slam this drink. Enjoy it!  Some people think it's too sour, I think it's an amazing drink. On our first visit a few years ago, lunch was average. The food was good but the various odd plate shapes actually made eating a bit awkward, maybe we were just tired after the flight. Recently, four of us had dinner and it was probably one of the best service experiences any of us has  ever had in a restaurant. At the start, the wine sommelier switched gears into a beer and tequila expert without missing a beat. I'm pretty sure this isn't his job, but he stepped up and took our entire drink order. We were being pretty picky about what we wanted (me about the margaritas and another guy about beer and tequila combinations), he accommodated everything, offered great alternatives when they didn't stock what we asked for and never made us feel like we were too demanding (we probably were). Our whole party clicked with the waitress. She played along well with our "we're going to be here a while, drink and eat a bunch, we might be a pain in the ass, and we'll tip well for it" vibe. Seriously the best service I can remember in a restaurant. For food, two of us has the chile relleno (it's really stuffed eggplant), my wife thought her chicken was good, but my pork tenderloin was the winner at the table. I'll order that again and again.About the poor service...On a different night, we went for appetizers after 10pm. Our waitress seemed uninterested and annoyed from the time she walked up. During our stay, we saw her engaging with other tables for long periods of time, but she never checked on us. Maybe we did something early to set her off, maybe four appetizers plus drinks didn't impress her. The busboy made up for it though, we nominated him as our server and just decided to ask him for everything we wanted, tipping him in cash when we left. We did leave a small tip for the waitress, the food was fine, nothing went wrong, but it was pretty clear she didn't want to deal with us.
4	Mesa delivered beyond my expectations. Everything was very flavorful and did not disappoint. The ribeye, jalapeno cornbread, all delicious. Good for large groups too. We came during restaurant week so they had a really good 3-course prix fixe deal for ~$56.
4	Found this restaurant on Yelp when I was visiting Vegas for the weekend. Oh hey, it's Bobby Flay! It's got to be good! Having never been to Vegas before, the location inside Caesar's Palace threw me off a bit. To me, Caesars Palace is just....tacky. But it's Vegas so that's the look they were going for I guess. Anyhow, they were of course totally booked so we ended up getting a seat at the bar. I thought this was actually better than sitting at a table and we had plenty of room. We started off with a White Pear Margarita which was easily the best (albeit relatively overpriced) cocktail I had in town. I wasn't particularly hungry but wanted to get a taste of the menu so I ended up getting a bunch of appetizers. The Barbecue Ribs were out of this world -- peanut chipotle sauce, garnished with some green onion and peanut relish. The Lobster Tacos were very yummy but so tiny. I was warned, but for 20 bucks I thought it'd be a bit bigger. Literally every bit of everything else was equally outstanding though. I would highly recommend making a reservation and not coming too hungry.
2	i was extremely disappointed with my experience here - and this is coming from someone who has eaten here before and enjoyed it back then (albeit, that was 7 years ago...). the menu selection was minimal - barely two pages to cover the entire menu of drinks, starters, entrees, and desserts. i barely found anything i wanted to eat with such few items to choose from. however, i was there with a group for a birthday so i had to find *something* and be quiet about it. i decided to get a soup and an appetizer and eat them both as my meal.unfortunately, however, i did not end up eating any of the food that was brought to me. (1) the corn soup i received was cold the first time it arrived, so i sent it back for a warm one. however, it was overly sweet and tasted more like a dessert soup than a starter. it was also too spicy, i would have preferred a milder soup that allowed the natural sweetness of the corn to shine. (2) i also had a smoked chicken quesadilla that was SO overly smoked that i thought i was eating pork. the chicken was also overcooked and dry. i took two bites and left the rest. (3) finally, i got the peach mojoto which must have been 4 parts sugar to 1 part mojito. it was like drinking pure cane syrup.i will not be returning here, and i will not be recommending it to any of my friends, either. my share of the dinner was $50 and i had two spoon fulls of soup, two bites of quesadilla, and a sip of mojito. such a waste...i'm giving two stars instead of one because our server was a very nice lady, and she made sure our party of 8 was tended to regularly.
2	Our group was really disappointed by Mesa Grill.  While planning our Vegas trip, visiting Bobby Flay's restaurant was at the top of the list.  I am a fan of Bobby Flay and his food on Food Network looks amazing, but I would never recommend this restaurant to someone visiting Vegas.The hostess was rude when I informed her that our original group of 8 was now 10, which should have been a sign to go somewhere else to eat, but we soldiered on.  They split us up into a table for 4 and a table for 6.  The server had a thick accent and was difficult to understand.  The service was poor and the food took too long to come out.  Highlights:  bread basket- all of it was really good, especially the jalapeno bread, quesadilla was perfection ... the bacon, cheese, onions and bacon were amazing.  Everyone at the table enjoyed it.  The ribeye steak, which was off menu, was excellent.  The home fries were also good.Low lights:  All of the egg dishes were really bland. The tiger shrimp tamale was bland and the sauce was too thin.  The mimosa was weak.  Everyone hated the hominy grits ... our table was full of Southerners, so grits have a high bar to meet and it failed miserably.Very disappointing and truly the culinary low light of our Vegas trip.
5	Mango + Spice Crusted Tuna  Steak  just  melts in your  in your mouth.
4	I hosted a business party of 11 at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill on a recent trip to Vegas. Our group was very impressed by the quality of food {4 appetizers, 11 entrees, 2 sides, 6 deserts, 6 bottles of wine.} Not one person unhappy with their food. Our service was exceptional.Since there were 11 in our party they considered us a "group" and wanted us to order from a limited menu. We picked Mesa Grill based on reputation and so wanted to order from the menu. The Mesa Grill staff worked with us and gave us a great experience. I personally had a great and well aged fillet mignon with an enjoyable coffee rub. My dining partners were particularly outspoken in favor of the 22 ounce ribeye, and green chili cioppino, and pork tenderloin. A side dish of roasted corn was exceptional. A very enjoyable Willamette Valley Pinot Noir topped off the evening.
3	Who knew corn soup could be SO delicious?!?  I was dining by myself so my options were "at the bar" or "come back in three hours and we can seat you".  I picked the bar and was super duper glad I did.  Bartender was fabulous.  Was talkative but not overbearing, knowledgeable and tolerable (at least with the idiots next to me who apparently didn't believe that anything could be better than Disaronno).Margaritas (white peach in my case) were strong and went down easily...luckily I stopped after one!  Quesidillas were okay - nothing too memorable.  But the corn soup was complex and delicious.I wish I had had more of an appetite.  There were a bunch of things I would've loved to have tried.  Overall a pretty decent experience though.
5	I usually like my reviews to be short and concise but this evenings experience needs details. My wife and I were always fans of Bobby Flay from the recipes he creates on The Food Network and were anxious to try the real thing. We did not have a reservation(I recommend that you do).We arrived at 4:40pm, 20 minutes before their advertised opening time. After being told we could not get a table until 10:00 pm, they offered us a seat at the bar were we able to order from there. This is where our evening began to become exceptional. Our bartender/waiter Efren, outside of the food was to become our highlight of the evening. As always when dining at a new restaurant I rely heavily on our server for recommendations. Efren was perfect from our cocktail (margarita) to and including our dessert. His patience, warm personality and ability to find exactly what we would enjoy was "spot on". We started with a classic margarita where our servers inquisition of our tastes paid off. A little pricy but well worth it. (Fresh squeezed lime juice and a generous pour)  First course from the appetizer menu:BARBECUED RIBS with Peanut Chipotle Sauce + Green Onion - Peanut Relish $15. SOUTHWESTERN SPICE CHICKEN SKEWERS Mint, Butter Lettuce, Cilantro + New Mexico Chile Sauce $15. Shared we both loved the flavours. My wife thought the ribs could have been a little more juicy. The chicken was served with small corn tortilla wraps to make some small soft taco from the chicken skewers.Our main course, again shared: GRILLED LAMB PORTERHOUSE CHOPS Blackberry - Cascabel Barbecue Sauce + Collard Greens with Smoked Chiles $44 and ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMONSpicy Black Bean Sauce + Roasted Jalapeno Crema $32 with sidesRoasted Corn Chipotle Aioli, Lime +Cotija Cheese, Mashed Potatoes+ Green Chile Queso Sa.... perfection. Could it get any better? I was excited to try a Bobby Flay dessert. Known for his use of chocolate and spice I had to have the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Not really a pudding but more of a cake and not on the advertised Menu. Sweet, salty and oh so good. If you are like me and usually avoid reading lengthy reviews and skip to the last summation...Eat Here! Do not be afraid to sit the bar and tell Efren I sent you.
5	Had lunch, knew it was impossible to get dinner reservation. Hubby and I wanted to try everything on menu but he ordered the chicken hash and I had shrimp tacos. He loved his, it was pretty to look at and filling. My tacos came with sauces (mango and habanero) and guacamole.  And all I can say is wow!! Adding those sauces and guacamole to tacos, soooo good. I wished I could have taken the sauces home but waiter told me they have it for sale. :) overall, great food, will definitely come back.
3	My second time at Mesa Grill was not as great as the first, though the food was still delicious.First off, they wouldn't seat us in the dining area because my sister's fiance was wearing a hipster trash wife beater, so we decided to sit in the bar.  We would have left at that point, but we were too hungry to find another place.  Our waitress Christine was delightful and the food was very good.  I had the smoked shrimp tacos, which were delicious but a bit salty.  Plus, there were only 6 little shrimp on a $22 plate. We were all too hung over to get a drink, but the tequila selection was extensive and looked quite tempting.  Overall, I'd go back and not dress like a scumbag so I can sit in the restaurant.  Dinner did look pricey, so lunch was a great time to go.
2	I don't get all the rave reviews. Sat at the bar....recommended Margarita was quite good.  However...the older and presumably experienced bar tender would cough into his hands, then grab a glass and make the libation...disgusting.  Guy next to me orders his 'rita straight up...and of course..gets it served over ice.I ordered a lamb chop....really undersized for the price...and just did not have the flavor one would expect.  I also expected more flavor throughout the meat, as if it had been somewhat dry rubbed or marinated....it just tasted as if the sauce/covering was put on last second prior to serving...didn't seem "married".  Roasted Corn something had terrific flavor....but WAY over salted and WAY too sweet.House wines were not impressive, but of course...that is a matter of taste.Lovely ladies next to me were nearly orgasmic with the "he's so cute" Bobby Flay items they chose.I have eaten at many of the celebrity chef restaurants around Vegas....most don't live up to the Hype.
5	I loved every dish at Mesa. I like Mesa because you can stop by for  a quick bit to eat. No need for reservations just walk in, sit down and enjoy. I love how Bobby Flay gives classic dishes an interesting twist that makes the dishes a delightful surprise. Needless to say when in Caesar's, Mesa is a Must.
2	I was seeing a show @ Ceasar's Palace this night and I thought that I would get there early and check out the "Flay" thing at Mesa Grill here in Las Vegas.As always, on the weekend nights in Las Vegas, it and everywhere else was packed. I was lucky enough to find a place at the bar. The bartender was good and so was the cactus pear blossom margarita. Actually one of my all-time favorites. However the 2 appetizers I ordered were laughably SMALL!  I had their famous Lobster Tacos and the Tiger Prawn Tamale. The tamales were good, the tacos were so tiny that I couldn't tell if there was lobster meat or just the "essence of lobster" in them. They were both more like an amuse bouche than an appetizer. Tacos $20  Tamales $15   estimated weight 3 ozs. total ... if that.Tamales were tasty. The tacos were too small to register taste.After 1 drink and tax the tab was $53. $10 tip = $63 I doubt that I'll give it a second try for entrees. The VALUE was a joke as far as I was concerned.Thankfully the food court was right next door so I didn't have to sit thru the show hungry :)
1	A party of two became a party of 4 when two roaches creeped up from the wall!!! I booked this reservation 2 months ago and flew from Miami to celebrate my 30th birthday... Too bad I left in disgust after not one, but TWO roaches nearly crawled on me. Soooo disappointed, Bobby Flay is my favorite food network chef and I was sooo looking forward to dine at his restaurant :(  the manger blamed the construction to this situation. Bottom line unacceptable and extremely disappointed... Way to ruin my night!
5	Went here with a party of six and tried lots of different things.  White peach margarita was great.  My favorite appetizer was the goat cheese queso fundido.  I got the salmon for my entree, which was PERFECT.  The roasted creamed corn side dish was the BEST I have had anywhere ever ever ever and you'll want to eat about a gallon of it.  We ordered 5 different desserts, the BEST was a toffee pudding cake, closely followed by the coconut cake.  The churros had a bit too much cinnamon and tasted sort of bitter.  Otherwise, I have to say that everything I tried was EXCELLENT, this was my favorite restaurant I went to in Vegas (this is comparing it to Scarpetta, which is a close second, Table 10 at the Venetian, and Aquaknox at the Venetian).
4	I've seen Bobby Flay on the Foodnetwork, Iron Chef and countless cooking shows so eating at any of his restaurants is on my list of "to-eats". When we went to Mesa, it was pretty empty when we stopped by for a late lunch but then again, it was during off-peak hours. There was only one other table of customers besides my husband and me. It was really overstaffed as there was at least twice as many service people as there were customers. -I ordered Ancho Chile Crusted Sea scallops on salad ($22) and husband had swordfish sandwich ($16). Both of our dishes were just ok. The sea scallops were undercooked and salad under it was just ok. Swordfish steak was thin and couldn't really taste any fish with all the other flavors going on with the club. -Our entrees were a 3* but I added 1* because the sides are the highlights: They serve a really nice selection of complimentary breads, chef gave us some butter pickles that there were totally mouth-watering. Southwestern fries that came with the swordfish club is so tasty. Fries are very crispy, not too thick and well-seasoned. Not too many places do fries to my liking. They also make excellent margaritas so that's a must. Lunch prices are decent for the strip ranging from $15-$25 / entree.
5	I am slightly biased being a huge Bobby Flay fan, but this place is amazing!!! Highly recommend the Roasted Halibut and twice baked potato!!  I will be sure to go back!
3	I went to Vegas a couple of weeks ago and was treated to Mesa Grill by some friends.  This was the second time I had been to the restaurant, the first time being about 7 years ago.  I had fond memories of Mesa Grill from the past, but was slightly disappointed this time around.  Since I was not paying, I only ordered an entree, so I ordered the ribeye.  The meat was perfectly cooked to medium ( the server suggested this instead of medium rare)  ... it looked like medium rare to me anyway.  Perhaps, she was heading off some potential problem that the cooks might have been having with undercooking meat?  The steak was flavorful, but could have been accompanied with more of the sauces that came along side of it.  My only issue with the steak was that it did not come with accompaniments.  Every other entree selection (besides the filet) came with a side dish or tamale of some sort.  For $48, I expected something.  The waitress suggested that we order a couple of sides to split, so we got the corn and the spinach.  Both portions were TINY and really could not be split unless your idea of splitting them is a tablespoon serving per person.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable although a bit condescending... maybe that is not the best word...  over-confident perhaps?  Anyway, she was ok but kind of icy.  The others at my table had the veal chop and pork tenderloin.
4	Bobby Flay's restaurant at Caesar's Palace.  Tasty but with mixed reviews.  The first time I went there, everything I had was delicious.  The chicken and pork tenderloin were outstanding.  This time, I ordered the following - duck crepe (SOOOO good!), shrimp tamale (very flavorful and fresh), salmon (mediocre, at best... and our waiter even told us not to order it... but my friend didn't listen), and halibut (tender, flaky, not fishy at all... and so flavorful!).  The halibut and appetizers were my favorites and I would definitely go and order those again.  We also ordered 3 desserts, which were totally worth it!  Sweet potato pudding (and I don't even like sweet potatoes!), Banana pie tart thingy, and spicy peanut chocolate cake.  mmmmmm would definitely go there for dessert and the appetizers!!! You need a reservation for this place.
2	I do not know what all the buzz about this place is... Poor service, mediocre and overpriced food. The sauces were very basic - no nuance of flavor, and actually very blah. We waited 20 minutes to even be acknowledged by waitstaff, and another 15 minutes to get our drinks. Although we were very clear to communicate up front that we had a show to get to, that didn't seem to matter to them. I can recommend other restaurants in Vegas - don't waste your hard earned $$ here.
2	Rated so low based on $260 price tag for 2, when I've had much better overall experiences for less than half the price. Food wasn't terrible, as long as you don't like pairing wine with dinner. We tried wine that the waitress suggested and literally never tasted the wine due to completely scorched taste buds. A filet that roasts your mouth? I expected to taste a top quality piece of beef nicely complemented by wine. Instead tasted...hot pepper and was that wine? Not sure. It was red but had no chance at coming through after my mouth being blown out by pepper. Weird thing is I like spicy food, this just didn't go with a steak. Not up to the hype or the price tag. Apparently Mr. Flay hasn't checked in with his "chef" lately.
4	My husband and I went here to dinner for the first time last week and it was fabulous.  I had the pork medallions.  I am not one to order pork, but the waiter assured me they would be delicious--and they were.  My husband had the veal chop and it was also flavorful and yummy.  For starter were shared the shrimp tamale--which was to die for.  Should have ordered two--so very good.  Each entree came with a tamale with pecans, and it was unbelievably good.I was so impressed we returned for brunch.  I was not so impressed, and was actually disappointed with my dish.  I had scrambled egg chilaquiles.  I did not like the flavor of the sauces at all, and had really expected something great.  Would not recommend at all.  They were more like deconstructed chilaquiles.  My husband, on the other hand, ordered two appetizers.  He had the shrimp tamale--which was every bit as good as before, and the bacon and egg quesadilla, which again was superb.   Service was goo, and the bread baskets on both trips were very good.  I would go back again, but certainly would skip the chilaquiles.
4	Yum! We got a couple of appetizers: the shrimp tamale was amahzing. The blue corn pancake with bbq duck was good, but not life changing. The queso was not my cup of tea (but that's because I hate goat cheese).  For entrees: get the pork. It's their house specialty, it's DELISH, and I just saved you some deciding time. The pumpkin soup was spicy and creamy and just all around yummy. Chopped salad was alright. A little too dressed for me. Atmosphere was ok, nothing too fancy, it's actually smaller than I thought it would be but cute with the exposed kitchen. Service was fantastic! Overall, an enjoyable meal!
3	The food was good but a bit overpriced. The drinks are fine. The ambiance is hip and casual for vegas.
4	Made this a lunch stop, wanted to go to 5 stars, maybe next time.The service was pretty good, the Ahi nachos were the best lets be honest, "Poke" Ive ever had, so fresh it was like butter, the sauces and chips were great but it would have been just as good on its own. I got the shrimp and corn tamale, " the signature dish" it was good, I'm glad I tried it but I wouldn't order it again, it seems odd to me that the shrimp are not grilled it would add So much. My boyfriend got the mesa burger which maybe we expected too much from, and it was a good burger, but a little under seasoned and as he stated he was underwhelmed, I know we will go back, just for the Ahi alone, and there are other things to try..maybe my expectations were too high because I'm such a big fan Of Chef Flay.
5	Can I take away a star because I didn't get to see Bobby Flay? No? Ok, fine, five stars it is.Great restaurant!  My mom took me for my birthday present while we were in town because I love Bobby Flay (one of my favorite Food Network chefs). We were a bit early for our reservations so we had to wait a few minutes, but we ordered drinks while we waited. Such delicious margaritas! The appetizers we got (the duck pancake and goat cheese dip) were delicious ways to start the meal. I got the halibut and my mom got the pork tenderloin. Both were amazing! We were not going to get dessert but we were intrigued by the spicy peanut butter ice cream on the chocolate pretzel tart. So glad we got that, it was delicious.I definitely want to go back the next time I am in Vegas!
4	The only reason I am giving this place a 4 star is because the cajun rib eye steak is soooo gooood! The side dshes are not good. I've had most side dishes and they taste water down and not flavorful.
1	We drank, we shared the soup, we ate.Four hours later we began to feel sick.We spent the next two days violently ill. Fearful of dying one moment. Hoping for it the next.Never in the history of my travels have I gotten food poisoning.Five days later, still recovering.Thanks Bobby...
1	Oh my god.  Are you serious?  This is a restaurant?I got so sick here, I felt like I was on my death bed.Let me detail what happened here.Firstly, try and call to get through to them, to make a reservation.  Good luck!  I think, out of a total of ten times calling them, I was lucky to get through once.AND, THEN, these high faleuentant assholes want to hold a credit card for the reservation.  If you don't show, that's right!  $50 a pop!  Lord only knows how much money they would hold in the account area, before it clears.Their dry ass corn bread biscuits fall apart in your hand, from their overdone bread presentation.  Why in the hell is raisin bread served at a tex/mex style place?  And, it wasn't that good anyway.From their limited menu (What?  Does Bobby Flay have a limited imagination?), we weren't all that hungry, so my other half - Ralph - and I decided to order the lamb.  It came as two chops.  He likes his done one way, and me another. Now, the waitress was very nice, and tried to accommodate us.So, she asked the chef.  That stupid idiot refused to cook what his PAYING CUSTOMERS wanted.  ARE YOU SERIOUS??!!  I have NEVER, EVER gotten that from ANY restaurant!  iN THIS ECONOMY??!!!The issue was with one chop being cooked well done.  She had both of them done medium well, and then sent the other back to be done to my liking.The potatoes were goopy, and tasted like they were made from a mix worse than Jiffy.My prickly pear virgin drink tasted like the sourest of lemons.  Why did I have to add four packs of raw sugar?The collard greens were overly spicy, as this isn't the traditional recipe.  Actually, nothing about this restaurant is traditional.  Had it had an ounce of French tradition, it would have been far better.That same night, I came down with food poisoning, and was sick for the next two days.We immediately called the restaurant, and complained.  Now, any other establishment worth it's salt wouldn't have blinked twice, and would've given our money back immediately.  Did idiot Flay?NO!We got referred to their chicken shit security team, who has to take a report, and him haw for over a week (while I am dying).WE STILL DON'T HAVE A RESOLUTION FROM THEM!DON'T EAT HERE!
5	Love this place with a passion!!!!We had the Bone-in Chipotle Glazed Rib-eye - 4 stars! Black Angus New York Strip Steak - 4 stars! Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloins - 4 stars! Fire Roasted Veal Chops - 4 stars!We also ran a little late for our reservations because we were rear-ended on our way here, but we were still accommodated without waiting very long.  Great service! =)
3	I had almost eaten here on several trips; finally had a chance to have lunch here yesterday.  I really wanted to love the food: it's obviously very fresh and the presentation is nice.  But I thought the flavors were a little flat, especially given the price & expectation.  I was kind of bummed out about this, actually - though the corn bread was amazing (but my husband hated it. :)The shrimp for my shrimp tacos was perfectly cooked and very fresh, but kind of boring.  The sauces were good (habanero mango was great) but there wasn't much else to accompany the shrimp except for some cabbage.  They gave me two tiny corn tortillas when they should have given me four.  (I'm sure they would have brought more but wasn't in the mood to ask, nor did the waiter offer.)  I had the prickly pear margarita which was recommended by our waiter - it was too sweet, and had too much tequila in it.  Go figure.  But it was pretty.  I've actually had their margaritas previously and was blown away by their balance, so I'm assuming maybe it was just the wrong bartender.I would try this again - especially given reviews and reputation - but I'm not rushing back.  There are so many other restaurants to get through in Vegas...
5	Expect no less!!  Good food, excellent service.  I had the grilled swordfish club,  fish was cooked perfectly.  What impressed me was the service, how the waiters pay attention to every details.  Two members of our party was not  at the table when food was ready,  they kept an eye on our table until everyone is present and served all at the same time... Excellent service, awesome food, strongly recommend.
2	My wife and I ate here for brunch on a Sunday and we came away very disappointed.  we had fairly high expectations being that we are fan's of Bobby Flays, however everything from the service to the menu and the food itself just fell short.  Our waiter was very nice at the beginning, but once he took our order he disappeared.  We sat with empty drinks for over 10 minutes.  We got the impression from the staff that they just wanted to rush people in and out for service.  The food was very average, not terrible but definitely not the quality and originality that we had expected to find.
3	Have gone to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill twice in Las Vegas. The first time it was fantastic, the second time not so much. For some reasons there is huge quality differences in the dishes.The first time I had Pork Tenderloin which was delicious. My girlfriend and son had the Filet Mignon. For sides we had the mashed potatoes and Corn Tamales. Everything was delicious and we were looking forward to going back the next time we were in Vegas.The second time as a big disappointment however. This time I had the Grilled Lamb chops, while my family had the Rib Eye steak. The lamb lacked flavor, and the steak as overdone. I would gladly go back and have what I ate the first time, but would recommend everyone to avoid what we had the second.
4	I am not a huge fan of bobby flay, but my husband really really wanted to try this place and it was thanksgiving around lunch time so we didnt have a lot of options.  They were only serving their dinner menu, which looked delicious so it was perfect.  We started off with a prickly pear margaritta and a white peach margaritta, the peach one was delicious and not to sweet,and my huband enjoyed his pear drink too.  We decided to order a couple appetizers for our meal.  We had the lobster tacos, duck pancakes, goat cheese queso, and mashed potatoes.  The goat cheese queso was AMAZING so delicious and gooey.  They are served with chips, but I also put some on the bread that was delivered to the table.  It was really a great dish.  I was really disapointed my the lobster tacos, first they are one bit, literally.  At least you get 3 but still for $15 I wanted more than 3 bites.  Also, I couldnt taste the lobster, there was way too much going on in that little taco!  The duck pancake was very flavorful and the sauce was delicious.  It was a think pancakes, more like a crepe and there was plenty of duck.  The mashed potatoes were to die for!  They put a queso sauce over them they makes them sooo tasty.  Very wonderful lunch with great service!p.s the bread basket had some of the best bread I have ever had!
3	i'm a huge fan of bobby flay and i always wanted to try out one of his restaurants!!!! however...i think my expectations were really high because the food was simply...OKAY...nothing extraordinary...nothing to rave about...i tried the new mexican spiced pork tenderloin sandwich and it was good but it was just average. it came with a side of fries and the taste was off. a little to salty for my liking. BUT! before our meal my friends and i were served complimentary bread and O M G! THE JALAPENO BREAD WAS AMAZING!!!overall, mesa girl was just okay. Bobby flay i expected more from you!
5	EXCELLENT ! This is one of my favorite places to dine in while I'm in Las Vegas baby! Everything on the menu is too die for! The shrimp corn tamales for starters; Delcious!.. Grilled pork tenderloin; Amazing! If your in Vegas and don't stop by you'll be very dissapointed.. My favorite restaurant love La Mesa!
5	Mesa Grill is our favorite strip place to eat. The food and the drinks are incredible. The coffee rubbed filet mignon is outstanding.
2	overly priced menu -- as one can expect on the Las Vegas strip -- with aggressive service staff who lacked tact and food service basics such as a server who displayed the appetizer menu to us 4 times, once at the beginning of drink selection, another time when we were serviced our drinks, then again while we made our meal choices, and yet again while we were eating; and who brought out cold refrigerated butter that ripped through the warm, fresh and great-tasting bread.
3	Came and ate here with some friends at lunch before leaving Vegas.Corn chowder was spicy and deliciousPork tenderloin sandwich with arugala was dry and ok tastingFree bread basket with blue corn muffins and jalepeno bread was amazingService was prompt and attentive. Nice view into the kitchen. I would definitely need to come again and try something else on the menu.
3	I've watched Bobby Flay on television for a long time and have been on the fence about him and his food.  However, given his successes I've wanted to give his food a chance.The brunch menu at Mesa Grill was a bit limited.  I ordered the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles with roasted tomatillo sauce, white cheddar cheese, and creme fraiche.  The scrambled eggs were fluffy and not overcooked.  The tomatillo sauce had a nice background heat that didn't overpower the sauce.  The eggs sat atop blue corn tortillas that surprisingly maintained their texture and didn't disintegrate while cutting.  The presentation and flavor were just good; nothing extraordinary.  The portion was a little on the smallish side.  I recommend you try their partida margarita (which was notable), but go elswhere for food.
2	Appetizers were great. Lobster taco exceptional.Rib eye steak, one of the worst ever. Under cooked and full of gristle.No response from complaint to server. Lamb chop mediocre at best. Pork tenderloin good.2 beers one mixed drink no dessert, bill 180 per couple.Really?Would never go back.
3	Let me preface this by saying I enjoy dining at upscale restaurants.  Additionally, when I planned my Las Vegas trip, I knew I wanted to eat at a celebrity chef's restaurant (or two...).  Seeing as how Bobby Flay is one of my all-time favorites, it was pretty evident that Mesa would be the restaurant I wanted to choose.  Not to mention, I've heard and read great things about it.  I had called earlier in the afternoon to make reservations for that evening and was excited to hear that they had a few reservations available for a Saturday night (12/1).  However, I was attending a show at 10pm and the two reservations available were 5:30 and 8:30.  The hostess who answered the call was kind enough to tell me that the 8:30 time slot was going to be cutting it close for us and informed me that we could dine at the bar, with a full menu.  I thanked her and figured those were my plans.The restaurant ambiance is awesome.  The table layout gives each party their own little area to feel cozy, but not alone in the restaurant.  The vibe is energetic and hip.  Upon arrival, we told the hostess that we were planning to dine at the bar because the wait for a table was 45-50 minutes.  She pointed out that a few specific guests sitting at the bar would be leaving to go to their table shortly.  I appreciated the tip.  Within maybe 15 minutes, the seats became available and we hopped up to the bar.  The bartender greeted us and I didn't order a specialty drink, but my Ketel martini was made perfectly. I had already eaten a lot earlier that day, so I ended up only ordering an entree: Black Florida Grouper.  My expectations were extremely high for this restaurant and unfortunately, the entree fell short.  My grouper was way overcooked.  It was tough and it didn't flake at all.  It was dry, but some of the sauce made up for that.  The flavor was definitely there -- the execution was not.  My friend ordered the Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno, which she said was delicious.  Additionally, being that I work in the service industry, I do not complain a lot and chose not to with this dish.  But I was very disappointed when our bartender didn't even ask how our dishes were.  In fact, we were pretty much ignored for most of the meal after our entrees were dropped.  I had to ask for the check myself after my empty entree plate sat in front of me for 10-15 minutes.  All in all, the food was mediocre and the service was as well. The only positive notes were the helpful hostesses.  Very disappointing for me to say the least, especially since this was the one part of the trip I was looking forward to.
2	My husband & I always eat here when we come to Vegas, we are obsessed with the port tenderloin sandwich (which is delicious). Our experience today will probably be our last. Once we were seated it took 6 minutes for us to be greeted & by greeted I mean we received a drink menu & he said he would be back to take our drink order. My husband & I really didn't need anytime because we already knew what we wanted. It took our server at least 10 minutes to return for even just our drink order. We decided to order our food as well. Another 15 minutes go by & sure enough our food & drinks come out at exactly the same time. Let me also mention that 2 double bloody Mary's will be charged as if you ordered 4 bloodys Mary's which is a complete rip off. Our server was obviously overwhelmed as tables around us were having to flag him down as well as bussers passing by. It's really unfortunate that the service is so crappy. Especially for the money spent & how much my husband and I look forward to coming here.
3	Rolled in for a quick lunch today, and I mean quick! The place only had about 10 tables of customers in the large Bobby Flay owned restaurant.We were promptly seated, then greeted by a young man who brought us breads. Three kinds to be exact, a jalapeno, a raisin loaf and roasted corn muffins. They were all okay, non blew me away. The jalapeno bread was still a bit warm which was nice. The cocktail menu had 5 signature Chef Flay inventions that all looked like liquid dreams. Seriously yummy concoctions with obvious though and effort. There was an ample wine selection, like 22 pages of vino separated into categories by grape, not region. With that many wines, I often prefer it this way. Mesa Grill is a true Tex Mex establishment, and being such they had an entire menu for tequila and margaritas... 22 tequilas broken down into 5 separate categories!! Wow, can you say fun with a lime in your mouth?!  I ordered the pork sandwich and it came with a side of fries. The pork was well seasoned and juicy, the baguette crispy and soft and of course there was a ton of sauce that was infused with the smokey heat of Ancho Chili peppers that Flay has built an empire on! Oh and the herb spiced fries were quite tasty as well. So why only 3 stars? Honestly, it was A-OK, the food excellent and tasty, the service phenomenal, but there just wasn't any atmosphere... That feeling you get when you know you are somewhere special.... Would I return, yes! Should you, definitely! But, maybe for dinner.
5	Wowowowow, the food here was just delectable!I've been trying to make a reservation here with my friends the past few times, but they were always booked at least a month in advanced for dinner reservations for the Saturdays we were there.I think the best dish there was their rib-eye steak, medium rare. HUGE portion btw.  It really just melts in your mouth.  I also tried the lobster tacos for appetizer and the cobb salad.  And to drink, you can't go wrong with a white peach margarita!Hats off to you Chef Bobby Flay :)
2	It was a disappointment. My chicken dinner was just OK but not worth the large price tag. The other 4 in my party were all extremely disappointed with what they ordered. The margaritas were pretty good.
4	Pretty friggin' good.  House Margaritas are outstanding here, off the charts outstanding.  More specifically when ordered with the rough cut tuna nachos, absolutely the best thing on the menu. Order it!Not too pretentious, fairly casual, great place to stop for a quick drink while walking thru Caesar's.  Cant say the entrees are anything really great, but they are good. I've had cioppino for dinner and the shrimp tacos for lunch. Had better for less cheddar, but they are still good dishes and the vegas vig on food is expected. All in all, try this place as you are walking thru the maze of caesar's palace trying to find your way to the forum shops.  Have a margarita AND the tuna nachos at the very least.
1	All I can say is what a joke.  my feelings about this place were confirmed.  I had a burger and something called southwest fries?????  the burger was soooooo over salted it wasn't even funny (no I didn't eat it) and putting tons of Spanish  paprika on soggy fries is a total waste of time and not to mention gross.   Also the place was not very clean would it be an inconvenience for someone to clean all the glass vases above the bar.
2	Wanted to try this place the last time I came to Vegas but then we missed our reservation time and therefore didn't get to try so we thought eh why not try it this time. And so we did. Now my parents aren't really big fan of American style restaurants like these and I think that this place didn't change their minds about it. First of all the service was okay...our waitress seem a little preoccupied or rather annoyed with us taking our time.....so I didn't feel like her service was all that great but it wasn't all that terrible either....I would like to think that she probably just had a long day and was really tired.....so I will let that go. Both my parents ordered the Pumpkin Soup and I didn't like pumpkin but that was the only soup they were serving so I didn't get a starter. My bf tried their Blue Corn Pancake with bbq duck....it was really meant for one serving...actually after seeing that I realized all the appetizers were made for one serving....bf said it the duck meat was overloaded with Hoisin sauce so it was pretty sweet. I didn't know that the appetizers were going to be so small because I didn't really want to eat that much so I ordered the Blue Corn Lobster Taco as an entree....turns out it was three bite sized tacos....it was good but for the price it was just not worth it.I ordered the Veal chop for my mom and the Green Chile  Cioppino for my dad. I guess he really didn't like the flavor because he only ate the one jumbo prawn and the scallops but not the Bass, Clams or the Mussels. He said the fish had a weird texture and the flavor was weird. My mom liked the veal chop...I tried a piece of it and it was indeed very tender and flavorful. We had a side dish of spinach - $9 dollars for a small bowl even though it was meant to be shared.....ehhh not worth it. My bf apparent enjoyed his Mango Spiced Rubbed Tuna Steak....it did look pretty good and I tried a piece of that too and I guess it was pretty good. The bill came out to be around 250ish plus tip....I was expecting a three digit bill however I didn't expect it to be in the 200's.....the quality and quantity of the food was just not worth that amount of money and I don't really think I would come back. I wasn't really satisfied with the food or service and quite frankly I left still hungry. My parents weren't impressed either and I think they were still hungry too but just didn't say anything to me....=/
5	Mesa GrillMesa Grill was day two on Picky E.'s culinary tour. It was Bobby Flay all the way--there was a corn waffle, a tamale, and plenty of cilantro everything on the menu (and if watch Iron Chef America, you know he always does a corn waffle, a tamale, and his "signature" sauces). I have to say that I was sold--I would highly recommend Mesa Grill. I had the salad that is a riff on a Caesar--it has a Mexican soft and salty cheese instead of parmesan and has these absolutely wonderful riffs on croutons. In fact, the fake croutons are what made the dish for me. If I could have just had a big pile of those, I would have been a very happy camper. I would eat this salad at every meal if I had the chance.Since it was technically brunch, I had the spicy chicken and hash. It was okay, but not spectacular--the eggs were a little underdone for me and there was a lot of cilantro in the hash (too much in my mind). But, I tasted the steak and eggs that my lunch companion ordered and the steak was amazing. I only wished I had ordered that. So, learn from my mistakes: order the steak and eggs.The breads that came with the meal where tasty--a corn/blueberry muffin, a cranberry/raisin scone, and a coffee cake; the scone was definitely the best.Order the salad. Order the steak. Thank me. And, remember, Picky E never recommends a salad unless its unbelievably good.
5	This was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. We started with the tuna tartar, and it was some of the best sushi-grade tuna I have ever eaten. My girlfriend had the salmon, which was cooked absolutely perfectly and seasoned amazingly. It was stunning. I had the Mesa burger, which is easily the best burger I have ever had in my life. Cooked medium, it was amazingly perfect. Seasoning, bun, the sear; I still think about it often. I wanted to hug the guy on the grill. On top of that, great beer selection, and the service was really magnificent. Pretty reasonably priced too. (Lunch for 2 with appetizer and drinks was about $60). Well done guys, well done.
5	This restaurant was absolutely delicious.  My friend Eric recommended we try it and I am glad we did. The pork tenderloin was perfectly cooked, tender and so tasty.  The brussel sprouts were a delicious complement and then to have the banana creme pie dessert was just perfect.  And the signature cocktail was tasty.  I liked the decor and has a very cool trendy vibe.  This restaurant is a must try if you're in Vegas.
4	I finally made it into Mesa Grill this weekend. My friend was always raving about their food and margaritas, so I was very excited to finally get to try it for myself. My boyfriend and I stopped by for brunch and we were pleasantly surprised. They brought out a bread basket while we waited for our appetizer. The bread was delicious! There were tiny jalapeno biscuits, cornbread, blueberry cake and a raisin scone. Everything was perfect. The bread was warm and very fresh. I could seriously eat like 10 of those jalapeno biscuits!  We ordered the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido as our appetizer. So good! The cheese was topped with red and green peppers. They served it with some light and crispy blue corn chips. I'm already craving this again...For my entree I ordered the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles. They were pretty good, but very different from the chilaquiles I'm used to eating. The tomatillo salsa was good, but my favorite part was the side of hominy grits. They were very flavorful!My boyfriend ordered the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash. It was SO good! If you like sweet potatoes, you will love this dish. It was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. We didn't save room for dessert, so we will have to go back one of these days to give that a try. Mesa Grill is a place I can certainly see myself visiting again. I have to try their White Peach Margarita, after all!
5	Two days at Caesar's Palace - 8 meals - and this was by far our favorite.  Food, service, ambiance were all excellent.We were seated as soon as we arrived, a little early, for our 7 PM reservation.  We were immediately greeted by water service, and our waiter offering me their Marguerita menu - oh my.  An enormous list of tequilas and several margueritas.  I was attracted to the peach and ordered that - it was SOOOO yummy!!We ordered the Shrimp & Corn Tamale appetizer.  It was very good.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the dish was very tasty.Hubster ordered the Chili Relleno - and the moans from across the table told me that it was very, very good.  It was definitely not your traditional Chili Relleno.  The exterior was crispy, there wasn't a tomato sauce over everything, but there were a couple of colorful sauces on the plate to run your bite through.  The stuffing was eggplant and mechanga cheese - again not a traditional stuffing.  But it was reported to be very, very good.I wanted something light for dinner, so ordered the Chicken Skewers appetizer.  This came with little tortillas, so you could make little tacos if you wanted, and a peanut sauce.  The chicken was nice and spicy, but not painfully so.  It was a small portion of 3 skewers, which was exactly what I wanted.I loved the ambiance.  It's a nice warm room, with warm southwest colors and a copper hood over the kitchen.  The kitchen was behind glass, and you could see the chefs at work, which I love.  We had seen a show on the Food Channel about the development of this restaurant, so it was really fun to see it in person.  I would definitely eat here again, there were several things on the menu that I would like to try.
5	My friend and I decided to come here because another restaurant we couldn't enter because we were not 21 and for the fact that its Bobby Flay's restaurant. Thank goodness we came here because it was awesome! We came here for brunch and the staff all greeted us with warm smiles and immediately we were seated. We came in around brunch time so we had the brunch menu. I ordered the spicy scrambled eggs and my friend ordered the blue corn buttermilk waffles but before all this came an assortment of bread. All of the breads were warm, soft, and delicious! Both entrees  were outstanding. The ham egg and biscuits in the scrambled eggs were phenomenal and the Waffle was crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside, and the portions and prices were extremely good. The waiters and waitresses were also awesome and always refilled water and bread without us asking. It was definitely worth the 40 dollars we paid for such good food. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas and this place does not disappoint!
4	My friend really wanted to try this place, since he's a fan of Bobby Flay. He got the burger, which he completely devoured, and I got the chicken salad with dressing on the side. It was a really pleasant surprise for them to give us not one, but THREE dressings! All dressings were delicious, and the veggies were fresh. Chicken came with the skin on, but it was very tender and flavorful. I'll definitely be back...it's a great place to eat light and feel healthy, though I'm sure you could order heavy and roll out the door if you wanted...
2	mmmmm... No. Mesa has some decent ideas but execution is not very good in my opinion. I must be going crazy but every dish tastes the same to me here. I can't really even remember what I ordered in particular since we all passed our dishes around to get a taste, and like I said, flavors were all the same - a bit of corn/masa roasted, a dash of salsa thing, some protein grilled, some subpar here and there...
2	Dear Bobby,I have been a very long-time fan of yours and I have long anticipated eating at one of your restaurants. I was thrilled to get the chance to eat at your place in Caesar's Palace. While I enjoyed very much the cactus pear margarita and the goat cheese queso fundido, I was very disappointed by our server as well as the quality of the Mesa Burger my husband and I shared. Let me start with our server. If his presentation style was anymore negative about what WASN'T available on the menu that afternoon, we might have left had we not really wanted to try your food and been as hungry as we were. It's one thing to be out of something but it was the WAY he said it. "Just so you know and don't get your heart set on it, we are OUT of the ribs. They aren't that good anyway" was how it was presented. Hmmm. Not good. He then described the Tuna "Nachos" as being more Tuna tar-tar with a side of tortilla chips and said "unless you like raw tuna, this isn't for you". Um...ok. You get the point. This guy clearly needed some training. And I won't throw him under the bus and name him here but email me if you want to know more.As for the burger. I'll go back to our server....we ordered the burger to share and ordered it medium well. He repeated it back to us, medium well and confirmed we wanted to split the order. When the burger arrived, it was all on one plate. I figured he didn't tell the expediter or just didn't note it on the order. We wait a couple minutes and he finally appears with 2 plates and a knife for us to split the burger ourselves. Um...ok. I cut into the burger and it is rare. Ok, rare is an understatement. It was raw. Blood raw. Definitely NOT medium well like we ordered and he confirmed. So we had to flag down a waiter as ours had conveniently disappeared. He came back and said that we had told him medium rare. Um...no we didn't. We never eat anything rare and he had repeated back to us what we wanted which is why I knew he knew what we ordered and just wanted to put it on us. So a new burger came a few minutes later and while that wasn't medium well either, it was a lot better than the raw that we got initially. Unfortunately, your chefs feel the need to ridiculously overseason the burgers to the point where you can hardly taste the burger itself. And the fries? Ugh. An over-seasoned, over fried mess. There was a coating on the fries that totally took away from the potato flavor of the fries. Quite honestly, this first visit to one of your restaurants was a huge disappointment. I expect more from someone of your caliber and while you didn't cook any of this yourself, this was a representation of your brand. I don't know if that is fair or not, but I guess if you are going to put yourself in the position of being on a pedestal by being on television, you need to hold those who are running your brand to a higher standard. If this is what your restaurants are putting out, I think that you need to spend less time at Food Network and MORE time in your restaurants.  Please read my review on Holsteins and visit their restaurant to see how to really get things done. Thanks for reading this and I hope you will take it to heart....even though I figure you'll probably never see this and those who really should see it won't really do anything about it. Good luck...
2	Not beating up Mr. Flay because he is a celebrity chef, and I am definitely going to try another Flay restaurant in the future because I simply cannot believe that this is representative of how he would want our experience to go.(Yes, I know he is not back there cooking it himself...)  (Sure wished he was)Anyways, the pricey burger was not cooked to temp, I think due to error by the server even though he repeated back to us "Medium Well"...which somehow when it came out turned into medium rare...which was not even "medium"...it was like red-raw-dripping cold meat.  Total turn-off.  Not the kitchens fault if the server biffed the order...but Once we sent it back and it came back out, it was cooked correctly, but honestly, still was not a burger to write home about.  Massively over seasoned with mostly salt from what I could tell.  Fries were also way over seasoned to the point where I really did not want finish them.Soooo, I have to think this was just a bad visit?  I am encouraged by the other reviews, but at least for me, the Mesa Grill was not memorable good, but rather memorable bad.  We had one other burger experience during our two-day trip to LV, and we kept comparing Holsteins at the Cosmopolitan to the Mesa Grill and it was like night and day.
1	My wife and I aways wanted to try Mesa Grill and this New Years (2013) made reservations we could keep. When we arrived we were early and so we had to wait until 5 minutes before being seated, no big deal. But having had reservations so far in advance we thought that we would at least get a good table. We were seated in what I would say was a bench like seat on one side with a chair on the opposite side of the table. The table to our left and right were so close that eating in a private setting is completely out of the question. You would think being a high end establishment with a world famous Chef there would be world class accommodations. Guess again. Tried to state our case to the Maitre d but they were not willing to put us at any other table. We were very disappointed in what we thought would be a dinning experience.
3	The food was good. The wait, even with reservations, was disgustingly long. But realistically thats kind of what I expected being as it's a restaurant owned by a Food Network Chef.I had the 16 spice chicken, and it was a tasty entree. Though, now that I am writing this review a while down the road, nothing particularly stood out to me though.However, if you want to dine in a big restaurant, owned by a big chef, and Southwestern is your thang, I'd say check it out.
3	If you like Tex-Mex/southwestern food, come here. It didn't blow me away, but that's because the style of food isn't my favorite.They have a great selection of wine, which is a plus. You'll be hard pressed to find a bottle under $50 though, so beware.For appetizers, we tried the tuna nachos, which were REALLY GOOD, and the goat cheese "queso fundido," which was EH. The queso didn't even taste like goat cheese and it was really oily and reminiscent of what happens when I microwave cheese at home with nachos.For my entree, I went with their only vegetarian option--the chile relleno. It was good, but, at the end of the day, it was cornmeal-encrusted chile stuffed with cheese for $25. I guess what I'm saying is this place is really pricey for what you get.The ambiance is nice, but the windows look right out into the sports book betting area, so it's not easy to forget you're in Vegas with a bunch of weirdos.
2	The food is pretty good here. The problem that I have with this place is where its located. It's near the score boards where people bet on sports so you can here the retards pissing away their money while you eat. Kinda freaky and pedestrian.
5	Who does not love a good Bobby Flay recipe??? Bobby Flay is my favorite chef but I promise you I am not biased by the fact that is a Bobby Flay restaurant. I hate corn but the corn soup was phenomenal. Additionally Bobby Flay is known for his amazing spice combinations and the multiplicity of flavors you get from one single bite of his food. Even more impressive was the staff's knowledge of each layer of flavor. I tried this chicken tortilla dish that from first bite to last bite I was so impressed I could not wait for the rest of the meal (as it was only the appetizer).  Each element of every dish was carefully seasoned so when you bite in you get an explosion in your mouth that screams of orgasmic pleasure.  Try the lamb or pork chops, try the steak, try any dish I promise you that you will not walk away disappointed and if you did not like anything I think I know a good Bobby Flay restaurant to know that they will replace it for you.
5	WOW is all I can say. This is my first review on Yelp, and it has taken this place to write it.We were here for NYE. The price was a bit of a deterrence (110$ 3-course set price) but we said what the heck.The food was exquisite! Had the ribs appetizer along with the Tuna nachos - beautiful stuff. For our mains we took the Coffee fillet mignon - WOW and the lamb porterhouse - WOW again.the desserts were also awesome and so were the margharitas - some of the best I've had!Highly recommended!
4	The Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon, served with a mushroom-ancho chile sauce, was heaven. Need I say more?
2	Mr. Flay, I thoroughly respect your culinary skills but this place is an embarrassment. We were extremely excited to go to one of your restaurants for the first time but I don't think we'll be back anytime soon.We went for lunch and I had the barbecued ribs for an app. They tasted like something you'd find at a school's cafeteria lunch. They looked like they had been sitting under a warming light for a few hours to add insult to industry.Next up were the "smoked shrimp tacos." I wasn't aware smoked means charred/burnt. They lacked any remnant of palatable flavor. The two tortillas were quite generous of you.   The service was just as horrendous. The waiter pretty much never came by and I cleared off the table myself to make way for the food.Lastly, another reviewer had it right about the location inside the casino. You're sitting right by the sports betting so you can hear people screaming and cheering every now again. The biggest issue for me was the cigarette smoke. It wafts in from the casino floor and make the eating experience that much more gross.Suggestion: go to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant instead. Maybe Iron Chef's just shouldn't have restaurants and stick to the Food Channel.
4	Great food
2	I have to agree with Mike P's review. I'm not impressed and seeing that I have had a bit of a culinary crush on Bobby Flay for years, I was so disappointed with the end product. The wait, service, meal, the whole experience all fell short of expectations. Will I try another Bobby Flay restaurant? Sure, but I'll never make another attempt at Mesa Grill.
3	From grill master Bobby Flay, I expected a steak that was out of this world.  Instead, for $50, I got a bland well cooked steak that I could have done without.  Fortunately the steak wasn't the only dish we had.  We started with the tuna nachos, which I had read about in other Yelp reviews.  That was the highlight of the meal.  A real standout.  We also shared the goat cheese queso fundido.  Not the best fundido I've had, but it was okay.  I enjoyed the wine we had, but I don't think I'll be coming back to Mesa Grill again.  Sorry Bobby.
4	Southwest Burger... that is all Im going to say
3	Mehhhh. I came here a few years ago so maybe it's changed but I came with a big party and none of us particularly liked our dishes. I expected a lot from Bobby Flay and his southwestern spicy palate, but everything was kind of bland and lackluster.
5	Our family of 4, including two young boys absolutely love everything! My 9 year old said it was the best quesadilla he'd ever had. All of the appetizers were good portions and were all exquisite.  My favorite was the shrimp tamale. The boys devoured the skewered chicken and barbecue ribs. My husband really enjoyed the lamb chops.  The service was absolutely top notch! We WILL be back!!
1	Terrible food - twice baked potato looked like something out of a freezer case. Expensive for small portions that do not even taste good.  Drinks are very average- couldn't  even get a decent Tanq and tonic
4	Summary: A great meal at a pretty high price.  Service is attentive and friendly.  Food quality is excellent, as expected.  Flavors and textures are superb.  Definitely a pricey meal, but worth it if you're cool with it.Three friends and I visited Mesa Grill for the first time during CES 2013.  We made reservations for 8:45pm and showed up a few minutes early.  We waited for 15 minutes or so to be seated and I imagine that is the norm.  Soon after we were asked what type of water we wanted and greeted by our server.  He took our drink order and we selected our starting beers.  The beer selection was not big but was high quality.  Good stuff.  The wine-by-the-glass selection was not very impressive and had a pinot noir listed under the white wines.  Strange.We scanned the menu and selected our entrees.  A basket of olive bread and jalapeno bread was placed at our table so we noshed on that as we placed our orders.Coffee Ground Filet - This was my entree.  A pretty large filet mignon, perfectly cooked to my specs (medium), and sliced horizontally so that the top half rested on top of the bottom half.  The texture and quality of the beef was fantastic, as expected.  The taste was superb.  At $50, this was a pricey piece of beef, but it was one of the best steaks I've ever had.Mashed Potatoes with Queso Sauce - A nice little cup of creamy mashed potatoes with a little queso sauce on top.  Very tasty and smooth.  An excellent pairing dish with the steak.Pork Tenderloin - I nabbed a bite from one of my friends.  This was the first pork tenderloin I had ever had.  It was very tender, very flavorful, and otherwise delicious. Twice Baked Potato - I got to sample another friend's side.  This is basically a half potato that is super soft on the inside and has a layer of crispiness on the outside.  This was really good, too.The only disappointment in the meal was for one of my friends that got a NY steak.  He has for it medium rare and it came out way too rare.  He asked for it to be cooked a little more, and when it was brought back out it was done much better.  Aside from that hiccup, everything about the meal was fantastic.  The prices were not cheap.  Obviously, that is to be expected.  Overpriced?  Yeah, probably to an extent.  However, the quality of the food, service, and experience was excellent.  I would definitely consider coming back again if I had some money to burn.
4	Started with excellent margaritas (no surprise there). Had rabbit that was outstanding and just the right spiciness level, and also had pork that was great but not a standout.
3	Enjoyed Mesa for brunch. Overpriced, though. Check it out if you're in Caesar's and like a spicy breakfast.
2	I was so excited to eat at a Bobby Flay restaurant as I always use his recipes at home and my family rants and raves how good the meals are. I dragged my husband away from our excellent accomodations at Encore to go to Ceasars just for Mesa Grill...the result...huge disappointment:( I agree with another Yelper when she said "The wait, service, meal, the whole experience all fell short of expectations." The host greeted us by staring at a computer screen, no eye contact, or smile on his face. The servers and bus boys don't get out of your way as you're walking to your table or to the restroom...instead they prioritize their walk, almost bumping into me a few times!I was so extremely bummed to find that the restaurant only offers a brunch menu on Sunday at 1:30pm, as we were expecting the full choices for lunch. They advertise the lunch menu outside, and it's not until you're already seated that you find brunch is your only option. There were hardly any choices at all!We ordered 2 appetizers, and for entrees the burger and the spice chicken salad. All the food was bland. I've honestly had better burgers at the Burger Lounge chain in LA, or dare I say even at an Applebees or Chilis restaurant. Seriously! WTF?!Bland, bland, bland.There wasn't 1 thing I would care to taste again. My advice: spend your $75 for a lunch for 2 elsewhere.Bobby...you have broken my heart! :( Please redeem yourself with some changes to your restaurant. I know you can do so much better.
1	This experience was a total waste of money.  The staff was rude and the service poor.  I had a reservation...but the staff was rude from the get go.  Once seated...had to ask 5 times for a glass of wine.  When we finally ordered, the food arrived COLD and the staff didnt care.  I would NOT recommend the Mesa Grill.  They over promise and under deliver.  What a total disappointment...
4	Really liked this place, so much so that we came back to have a snack a couple of days later. I ordered the CORNMEAL CRUSTED CHILE RELLENO. It was delicious! I just wish there was more of it. I'm not one to have a big appetite but even I felt like I could have eaten more. The bread that they gave at the beginning was really good as well. My corn bread fell apart in my hands though so that explained all the crumbs on the booth, it probably happens to everyone! When I went back I got the GOAT CHEESE "QUESO FUNDIDO" and the Mashed Potatoes+ Green Chile Queso Sauce and both were great. By that time I was over eating so much heavy food but I couldn't help but have it one more time. My friends got the tamales and they weren't huge fans of it. I tried the Tiger Shrimp and it was really good along with the SMOKED CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN QUESADILLA.
4	Took my wife here for her birthday.  We've seen Bobby Flay many times on the cooking channel and wanted to try one of his restaurants.  The service gets 5 stars...the staff is definitely trained well.  We split the bone-in rib eye steak because it was so large.  It was delicious!The appetizer and salad was nothing special so that's why they are not getting 5 stars for the food.  Overall, I would call it a 4.5 star experience.
4	Well it took a while, but I finally made time to stop by Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill.  I'm not that big a Flay fan, but I was really interested in trying his food based on the pics I've seen on yelp which look pretty damn creative.I stopped over for lunch and based on early recommendations from my friends and my own curiosity, I didn't waste any time with ordering.  I started with the Blue Corn Pancake for my appetizer and their Chile Relleno for my entree.Blue Corn Pancake with Barbecued Duck - with habanero chili and star anise sauce. http://bit.ly/Y2YRp1This was pretty much like a duck taco.  The duck was very tasty and had a nice smokey flavor with a little kick to it.  It was really good and I'd order this again.  The only hiccup I had with this was the fact that I ended up chewing on a bone near the end.  That was a red flag and I told my waiter about it.  He was shocked!  The real sucky part about it was that I didn't get any compensation for it.Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno -  with Roasted Eggplant,  Manchego Cheese Sweet Red Pepper Sauce, and Balsamic Vinegarhttp://bit.ly/VmHanCI've had my fair share of Chile Rellenos, but this has got to be the most fanciest Chile Relleno I've ever seen.  And it was good as expected!  The Chile crust had a nice crunch to it while the cheese was nicely melted down.  And to exhibit a little bit of food porn, check out the gooey cheese oozing out from inside.  (http://bit.ly/WYhacm)  Ooooooh yes!!!  For the most part, other than that hiccup with the bone in the duck pancake, service was still good.  My waiter was very courteous and always checked on me over the course of my meal.  It would've been nice to have a little compensation or bill removal for the bone which I probably should've requested, but I'm not that aggressive.I'd probably consider going back again to Mesa Grill to try their other menu items, but it probably won't be for a while.  The food is good, but I'd really have to be in mood for it to go back.  3.5 stars rounded up to 4!
5	I come here for brunch just about every time I come to Vegas and have brought new people with me every time. I think its safe to say everyone has left this place having a whole new respect for Chef Bobby Flay. If it's your first time, definitely try the Mesa Burger, or, if you're feeling more adventurous, the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash. I look forward to my next trip to Vegas.
4	Yummy, have the burgers!
3	First, the Perfect Margarita.  Quite amazing.  B, the food.  I had the Pork Tenderloin which is supposed to be the bomb.  Well, it bombed.  For $36, I'll cook you a better tenderloin.  It was bland and weak.  The sauce was okay.  My buddies had steak and lamb and both were acceptable.  Not sure I'll venture past the bar here again.
5	All I have to say is: This is possibly the best meal I've ever eaten! Point blank! Filet mignon, outstanding!
5	Mesa Grill graciously welcomed our party as a last minute reservation when dinner at a Vegas hotspot failed miserably. This time I tried the Cioppino which was perfectly executed. The steaks orded by my tablemates came out at the right temperature and well seasoned. We were never rushed even being the last table in the restaurant. Consistantly excellent, every time!
3	This place is more 3.5 stars. Like most yelpers wish I had the option to do 1/2 stars. Anyway the spouse and I went for brunch when we were in Vegas and staying at ceasars. We were seated immediately which was nice but about 6 inches from the table next to us which was dumb. The servers were attentive (a welcome change from the servers at gordon ramseys nearby pub). I got the spicy scrambled eggs with potatoes. It was ok. My husband got the breakfast quesadilla which was also good. Nothing amazing for either of us and a bit pricey at around $17 a pop. The best thing about this place was the bread basket filled with amazing bread, muffins etc (some sweet, some savory and some spicy). I wish they offered their regular lunch menu on the weekends. I wasn't looking for brunch on a Saturday but didn't realize no lunch menu until I'd already been seated.
4	The margaritas truly are some of the best I have ever had...perfect.Blue corn Pancake with BBQ duck....what happened??  Wayyyy to sweet without anything to cut the sweetness...not my fav...The chilie relleno was wonderful...the second best thing I had besides the margarita...I would defo go back...service was very good.
5	Ate at Mesa for lunch. The smoked chicken quesadillas were absolutely delicious! Shrimp tacos were amazing and green chili burger was great. Service was prompt and atmosphere enjoyable. Overall great time!
4	Well at a tech conference occasionally you're allowed to indulge more-so if you're sitting with analysts and important blog writers. I didn't because I had already eaten dinner. However I did order the pumpkin soup and it was fantastic, but be warned it is actually a bit spicy. Which is nice, if you're into that sort of thing.
2	I had the pleasure of eating at Mesa Grill in the Bahamas and enjoyed ever bite. The food was spectacular and the steaks were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The service was also a top notch experience. Now on to Vegas:While on a mini family vacation (cheer tournament) in Vegas with my wife and kids I thought it would be great for the family to enjoy what I had the opportunity to enjoy in Bahamas. After checking yelp and calling ahead to see when Mesa closed we promptly arrived at 10:30. After hustling my kids by the questionable statues in Caesars the Romans call art. Did I also mention that we passed Nobu's and Rao's on our way to Mesa. All because I thought my family would enjoy what I fell in love with in the Bahamas.  After being greeted by the receptionist she politely informed me that the Resturant was closed for the night (Saturday) and all of waiters that could serve us were let go early. I asked her politely is there anyway that someone could serve us because my family and I traveled 400 miles just to eat at Mesa grill. She politely smiled and said no. At this time my family was hunger crabby and looked at me like "we should have stopped at some sub par Resturant on the strip". After walking away defeated like I just climbed Mount Rushmore with no one to greet me at the top I walked outside with my family and reviewed the hours of operation that said "Mesa grill closes at 11pm". I then walked back into the restaurant and asked again politely to someone standing by the polite hostess and they finally said OK. Bobby if your reading this.... I love your food that much to walk back in the same Resturant that turned away my family of five away before official closing hours. Thank goodness for the second hostess/ manager who seated us. In addition the food was spectacular and the service was incredible. The server saved the day for me. Just couldn't believe that the hostess was ready to turn away a $450 check.
4	We came here for dinner and were looking for something light to eat since we'd be meeting up with other friends later.  So we ordered two appetizers (the shrimp with garlic tamale and the rough cut tuna nacho), an entree (chile relleno), and a dessert (the banana creme pie).  These along with the bread basket was more than enough food for the three of us.  I can't tell you which was was my favorite, b/c really they were all good.  The garlic corn tamale hit just the right notes of sweet and savory and paired really well with the shrimp.  Def a must order.  I think I like the tuna more though, b/c generally I like my seafood raw.  My husband loved the chile relleno, and said that it was the best he's ever had.  He's eaten a ton of this stuff, so that's saying a lot.  The dessert was a good finisher...it was more like a deconstructed banana cream pie.  i thought that the candied hazelnut at the bottom really added to the dish.  I will be returning for brunch, since this is what Flay is really known for.  Can't wait.
5	Mesa Grill is one of my favorite restaurants.  Good location in Caesars and nice decor.  The tables can be close together though.  I've dined here several times over the past few years.  The scallops and pumpkin soup (when available) are outstanding appetizers.  The coffee rubbed filet and the pork tenderloin are fantastic main courses.  You can't go wrong with the sticky toffee for dessert!
5	Second time here. No reservation for Sat brunch. Surprised by no wait or line compared to the huge crowd in front of Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse next door. Wonderful meal. Everyone's happy. Including my Chinese-food-only daddy.Lunch menu is reasonably priced and super flavorful. Pleasantly surprised by the chicken skewer. Mesa burger, pork sandwich, swordfish sandwich, and shrimp taco are all yum. Even complimentary bread basket is really good.Bobby Flay is legit.
1	Famous chef attraction. Nothing special about the place.
4	Ate here once and was very very pleased with my meal, and would recommend this place to anyone. Food is priced as you would expect to eat here. Located inside a casino. They loose a star because the tables were placed a bit to close to each other and should of been more spread apart. Trying to enjoy my conversation yet being able to listen to everyone else's is not that great.
5	amazing service. amazing service. amazing service.very interesting food options and excellent ingrediant quality and choices of flavors in the food.i would not order the grilled chicken dinner. although good, i felt that there were better options to choose from. the chile relleno was yummy!i would not order the frenchie cocktail. although it was good, i felt there were better options to choose from.
5	I expected the price to be a lot more expensive, but found it surprisingly reasonable. I ordered the "Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon" &it was amazing! I was a little hesitant when I read the description.. they incorporate a spicy black bean sauce, but I found the balance to be well executed! I have so much more respect for salmon!
4	We walked into the place without a reservation because the buffet line was just way too long. A good tex mex place is always guaranteed to please, so we decided to try this out -- plus it is Bobby Flay's restaurant, right? (yeah, like chefs matter in Las Vegas anymore...every place is owned by a famous person).I started out with a cactus margarita, which is sweet, but also strong. Then came the queso fundido -- decent, but somehow didn't really hit the spot because of the lack of spices. Too mellow, I guess. However, the bread basket was another story -- everything was so good, I just stuffed myself with it. My favourite has to be the cornbread followed by the jalapeno scone. I had the tiger shrimp with corn tamale, after hearing so much about it from various sources. It didn't disappoint! The sauce and the shrimp were tasty, and the corn tamale was bursting with loads of flavours. It's a must-try.The wait service was...ok. Our waitress was nice but seemed a bit overwhelmed, and the bus service was just horrible. Bread came after we finished our appetizer. Things were served out of order and hectic, and cleared out of the way slowly.In short, bring a big stomach to this place. The plates I got were "appetizer-sized" but they were enough to stuff me, especially after I devoured a couple pieces of pastries from the bread basket. Plus, you might want to get a couple different things to try since everything looks so good.Oh, and just ignore the busboys.
1	I have dined here 3 or 4 times before over the last three years. I was so excited to come here again to enjoys a great meal. Came this past weekend and not only was I extremely disappointed in the food, so were  the three others joining me.My entree was the chicken. Really Bobby?! Really, you put your name on this dish? It tasted like a boiled piece of chicken, yes boiled not broiled with a squirt of Tobasco sauce over the top. That's it, no seasoning, no marinade, no depth and no SALT! And a too sweet tiny tamale was on the side. Gross.I'm from San Francisco. Am I a food snob? No. Do I appreciate a good meal? Absolutely! I can't believe we spent $400 for four people on such a crappy meal! I'm in shock at how poor everyone's meal was. One person had the scallops, another had the duck and another ordered the disgusting chicken. I'm more more sad than mad. Well now looking back I'm mad also!Our waiter was very polite and nice, hence the One Star. Don't  Go Here is my advice! awful food! There are so many better dining choices in Las Vegas!
4	My second time here and was just as good the first time. The Mesa Marg is great. Our waiter had them there asap, which to me means alot! I really think if a waiter can get me a cocktail,water or something to help pass time while deciding what you want to order, they have me. My wife had the Pork tenderloin and it was spicy and good! I had the Bone in Rib eye and it was fantastic! Churros for desert, you will not be disappointed!
5	Went to Mesa this weekend for the fourth time.  This place is fantastic.  Interesting menu, unique dishes, pretty good service.  This is a great Vegas dining option.
4	We were actually headed to the new Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grille but they were closed for training so we decided on Mesa Grille. This is our third time to Mesa Grille, and we love that they change up the menu from time to time. We also love the bread basket, specifically the blue corn muffins! Today, I decided to try Sophie's Chopped Salad .. it was okay .. not bad, not great .. just okay. Nothing I would order again though. Mom had the Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ duck .. which she enjoyed and said was tasty. She still likes the Tiger Shrimp Tamales the best though. I opted to try the Smoked Shrimp Tacos which were delicious. Just the right amount of smokiness and just the right size for lunch. (Six nice-sized and perfectly seasoned shrimp and two tortillas.) I would have to say I will have a tough time deciding between this dish and the signature Shrimp Tamales the next time we come. For dessert we decided to share the Sticky Toffee Pudding .. which is one of my all time favorite desserts. Unfortunately this one fell way short. It smelled right, and looked right, but the taste was not right. The pudding part was kind of dry and tasteless and the sauce was overly sweet. A disappointing end to an otherwise great lunch.
4	Super yummy. The goat cheese sip with blue chips was fantastic! Had the chicken and it was absolutely perfect. I'll be back!
4	First time I was here, I ordered the pork tenderloin and I'd say it was pretty close to a religious experience.  If I was of a certain faith that didn't allow me to eat pork, then this dish would make me think about committing that sin.  But then that lifestyle would also mean no bacon, so I'd wind up in H-E-double-hockey-sticks faster than you can say "delicious" anyway.  But I digress.Second time I was here, I ordered the tuna for the sake of trying something new.  I felt as though it was missing something, and while the quality of the tuna itself was decent, the flavor wasn't quite what I had in mind.  I stole a few bites from my friend who had the rib-eye.  I had food envy.  Stick to the meat dishes if you can.  And their salads aren't that memorable and possibly a waste of real estate in your stomach.  If buffet strategy has taught you anything, that real estate is precious.I was going to give 3 stars, but because they were accommodating when we had to change our reservation in the last minute, I'd say they get 0.5 more star (there was a little bit of 'tude typical of hosts).  Oh hell, I'm just rounding it up.  4 stars.
5	Where do I even begin....Bobby Flay has done something outstanding here - what a meal - what an experience! I have to say, one of the best meals I have ever had.Service - spot on, our waitress was a joy to have - if we could have - we would have asked her to join us. I wish I knew her name. We liked her so much, my husband proposed to her with a corn husk tie from his corn tamale.The food was outstanding, I had the sweet potatoe soup to start, and had my meal ended there I would have been ecstatic, but lucky for me, there was more to come. The bread selection (yes there was a selection of three different breads) was great - jalapeno asiago bread was a big A+ for me.My entree was the grilled mahi mahi - and it was PERFECT, just a little heat, so much flavor it was a party in my mouth that I didn't want to have end.If you are on the strip you have to go here.
4	Seriously good. I'll start out by saying my ideal flavor profile for food has always matched Bobby Flay's cooking. From the start, the service was great and the waitress had great recommendations and patience (everything sounded tasty). The bread basket contains a mixture of breads (one on the sweeter side, one more savory consisting of cheese and jalepeno, and a corn bread muffin). The veal chop (with bone) and wild rice tamale were excellent. Great flavors and perfectly cooked. The margarita that I had was tasty too. Overall fantastic experience. I'd love to give it 5, but I only upgrade when I've visited multiple times and can test the consistency.
4	We definitely will be back when in Vegas. My hubby ordered coffee rubbed steak and it was delicious! The toffee dessert was melt in your mouth yummy and the prices are really reasonable.
5	I have eaten many times at the Mesa Grill and keep going back.  The pork tenderloin is amazing, and I dont even like pork that much, I just tried it when someone else ordered it, and I might even order it next time I go back.  The rough cut nachos appetizer is an amazing starter, and not to be missed.  Everything else on the menu has always been great.  Even the simple stuff like the chile relleno is delicious.  This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas, and I will continue to go back.
5	After taking my girlfriend shopping (4hrs) I was so glad to see Mesa Grill. LOL. They were able to seat us without reservation.  Our Appetizer was Blue Corn Lobster Taco (5 stars) Chunks of tasty lobster and crunchy taco shellsChipotle Glazed Rib Eye (5 stars) I'm salivating just thinking about this dish. Charred and crispy on the outside and so juicy in the middle. (PERFECT) A genius dish!. I can't say enough good things about this dish. Generous portion too. Black Angus New York strip steak (4 3/4 stars) My GF's dish. I think my taste bud was spoiled by my Chipotle Glazed Rib Eye. For dessert our waiter recommended the Deep Dish Banana cream pie (3 stars) May be they had a off night preparing this dish. But I don't care..my rib eye was sooo good that no other meal can spoil my dining experience here. I wonder how my Chipotle Rib Eye would taste if Mr Iron Chef Flay prepared it for me. I doubt I'll ever be that lucky. But this was one of my most memorable meal.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. I definitely recommend dinner over lunch menu. Haven't tried brunch yet, that's next on my list. A few of my favorite menu items: -the Mesa Burger (holy cow, Bobby Flay knows his way around a burger!)-Pork tenderloin (never before and never since have I had pork tenderloin this good!)-queso fundido (how can you go wrong with a skillet of bubbly cheese?)Less than awesome menu items:-the ribs (eh...wouldn't order again. Ate the other half of my hubby's burger instead of finishing my ribs lol)-Chicken skewers (standard chicken skewers, nothing I couldn't get anywhere else)Also, I've never had a bad dessert here. ALWAYS save room for dessert!
5	I didn't really know much about Bobby Flay before eating at Mesa Grill, but left his restaurant with a very high opinion of him. He's not a "celebrity chef" with a tv personality but mediocre culinary skills - he's the real deal. First, the service was impeccable. We were greeted and seated immediately by the hostess and every need we could have had was anticipated and catered to by our waiter and sommellier. Second, the setting was very warm and open (this is the type of place where one is made to feel welcome whether he is wearing jeans or a three piece suit). Third, and most important, the food was delicious. Between my friend and I, we had the Baby Romaine Salad, Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon (to die for), New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, Mashed Potatoes with Green Chile Queso Sauce (another favorite), Fresh Corn Tamales, and Toasted Coconut Layer Cake. Every bit of the meal was delicious and I truly couldn't have asked for a better dining experience. While this restaurant is a little pricey, it is definitely worth the money and I promise you will leave very satisfied.
4	Wanted to go to a special dinner with my girlfriend so we decided to check out Super Chef Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill (unfortunately The Cubes, Chris Daughtry, and Jeff Probst weren't there..)Even though we made a late reservation and were one of the last tables, the service was still very friendly and the wine list was excellent.My pork chop was cooked perfectly and I liked my girlfriend's New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin even more.  Also in a cool location in Caesar's Palace - would definitely return again.
4	Last meal in Vegas before flying home. Fabulous food and outstanding service. The goat cheese fundido was scrumptious as an appetizer. I had grilled mahi mahi which was very flavorful and had a spicy twist. I love spicy so it was right up my alley. Wife had smoked shrimp tacos which were excellent as well. If in Vegas this is a must meal!
4	I came here with the bf during our trip to Vegas and it did not disappoint. It was pretty crowded on a Tuesday night. There was a 45 min wait for a table of 2. Luckily, although we had reservations at 8:30 and arrived early at 8, we were seated right away.I wasn't feeling to well so I asked for a hot water with lemon and honey. I was pleasantly surprised when the bill came and was not charged for it. For my appetizer, I ordered the pan seared scallops, which were cooked to perfection. Every bite pretty much melted in my mouth. I ordered the pork tenderloin, cooked medium, for my entree and it was perfect. After both dishes, I was too full for dessert.My bf ordered the lobster tacos for his appetizer and it was AMAZING. The shell was so crispy, and the lobster filling was very flavorful. It came it 3 pieces, but were very small, pretty much bite sized. For this entree he got the cascabel chile crusted rabbit. I wasn't very impressed with this dish. I've had rabbit before, and enjoyed it. But, the  rabbit here was very tough. This was the only dish the was a disappointment. Overall, the service was impeccable, and the food overall was good!
5	This place has made it on my "must have food when I go to Vegas" list from this day forward. I went here randomly with a group of people an we decided to zip in and grab some appetizers to share. Holy moly I did not expect the flavor and deliciousness that I was about to experience. Lobster Tacos... OMG. Mushroom quesadillas are the bomb too. Tuna tar tar yum! And someone even got some pork tenderloin that was too incredible to put into words. Eat here!! Seriously! Bobby, you are magical. Your move, Gordon...
5	The restaurant week menu was TO DIE FOR. Bobby Flay, you made my stomach sing. My only complaint is that the delicious dessert (salted caramel pudding) is not normally on the menu, so I won't be able to enjoy it on return trips to LV.
4	We hit up Mesa Grill as part of our Restaurant Week outings and are glad we did. This an extremely busy restaurant, we had 5:45 reservations, arrived at 5:30 and were not seated until 5:55 and overheard that they didn't have any tables open until 9:00 so be sure to get reservations! Our service was spotty, while the waiter was friendly and offered some good recommendations the table next to us that arrived after us received dessert when we got our main course (both tables were ordering similar items off of the RW menu).  I ordered the scallops for appetizer and they were cooked to perfection my boyfriend got the venison chili and it was very good though not something we would order again. For main course I went with the pork tenderloin and it did not disappoint, so moist and the sauce had the perfect amount of kick; boyfriend went with the spare ribs which were moist and a good sauce to accompany. Dessert was a bit lacking in my opinion; the caramel/chocolate pudding was fine but really just your average pudding. The coconut cake was very good, moist with a nice crunch from the toasted coconut, I don't traditionally like coconut but I thought it was good. All in all I would visit again, though I might not seek it out since it is pricey.
4	I had the ribeye steak, one of the best I ever had. Cooked perfectly. The side dish, which I forget now, as it was awhile back, was just okay. The Caesar salad was above average. Had a mint ice cream sundae which was fabulous. Foe me, the atmosphere was pleasant, but not memorable. The service was outstanding. Overall, a great taste of Flay.
4	A friend of mine HIGHLY recommended Mesa Grill, so my boyfriend and I checked it out on our recent trip to Vegas. Yeah, our third trip in 5 months...we may have a problem.Anyway, we went at about 11:30 am on a Saturday, and were seated in about 5 minutes. They happened to be running a special that they run once a year that involved a preset menu with a couple of different options for $30. Not bad.We ordered the:Duck served on a blue corn pancake-the duck was DELICIOUS, and both the sauce that the duck was cooked in and the sauce on the plate were delicious. The meat was very tender and flavorful. I am not always crazy about duck, so this was a pleasant surprise Green Chili Burger with fries-Ok, think big thick burger patty. It was juice and delicious and cooked right to order. My boyfriend often complains that burgers are overdone, even if you ask for them radium rare or medium, and he said this one was just perfect. If you get a chance walk by the grill and look at all of the burgers being cooked. Sorbet -Mango, Pear, and Raspberry. They were all good but I really liked the nice soft flavor of the pair.Bread-The bread comes with each table, and I am only mentioned it because it was kind of different. There were several different little selections, such as a cranberry scone, a corn muffin, a coffee cake, and something else sweet. The bread basket was a unique and unexpected touch.I would definitely come here again. Good food, good service, nice atmosphere and a great location within Caesars.
5	This is Chef Bobby Flays signature restaurant. The restaurant opened before chef Flay sold his soul to food TV so the food, service and overall quality is still great and a great experience to dine here. Most of my visits are spontaneous so we had to wait a while to be seated but waiting at the bar is very pleasant. The food is great I recommend the blue corn tortilla and duck or blue corn lobster taco for starters and if you like steak it's great. They have extensive collection of wine and I have enjoyed some fine and expensive bottles. Service is great and friendly. I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Spring Restaurant Week 2013:Day 5: Mesa Grill is known for a handful of dishes and usually Restaurant Week tends to be the showcase for their best items. I have eaten here a few times in the past couple of years. Each time I have had a great experience. The must try items are the tiger shrimp tamale, the rough cut tuna nachos, crab cakes, spicy chicken sweet potato hash, the chile rellenos, and their desserts.There is a reason why Mesa wins every year when it comes to the most money raised for our local food bank. They put out a well balanced menu that gives the guest the biggest bang for their buck. The portion sizes are scaled back, but leaves you feeling full. I started with the rough cut tuna nachos for my appetizer. It is served like tuna poki. The fish is sashimi grade and served raw. Tosses with chipotle puree, cilantro, capers, and placed on top of a mango habanero puree and avocado crema. The blue corn and tortilla chips are the only utensils you need to scoop up all of this deliciousness. I got the crab cakes last year when they ran this special which lead me to order the green chile burger this time around. The meat tends to lose it's form and crumbles easily. I ended up using a fork and knife halfway through. The bechamel cheese sauce is delicious. Paired with the pickled onions and pablano peppers gave it a range of depth. If given the choice again, I would have gone with the crab cakes. The desserts changes ever day depending on what the chef chooses. We got the deep dish banana cream pie. The Frangelico cream only gives hints of the alcohol. The surprise comes from the contrast in textures. The dense custard differs from the soft cream which compliments the bananas and praline disk on top. I am a huge fan of Bobby Flay's desserts. The sticky toffee pudding is not a traditional version, but it is so good. I also like the strawberry shortcake. Pastry changes their offerings seasonally, so keep an eye out for these dishes.
5	We experienced a well planned menu and courteous wait staff.  Timely service with incredible food set a perfect evening.  The peach margarita was refreshing.  The chicken skewers were delicious.  The courses complimented each other and added to the evening.  The fact we were able to support Restaurant Week added to the perfect evening.  We would highly recommend this restaurant.
4	The food was excellent. But the wait staff could use a brush up on service skills. Our waiter forgot my iced tea and I had to ask another server for it. He was more than happy to get it but our waiter was no where to be found. Green chili burger and swordfish club were excellent.
5	Thank goodness Hubby and I missed breakfast cut off at our hotel and wandered over to Caesar's.  Mesa Grill was my favorite place that we ate when we went to Vegas on our honymoon 2 years ago and it was just as good for brunch!  We were seated almost immediately - a pleasant surprise and ordered Bloody Mary's.  They had a kick but not too spicy.  Bread basket came out - jalepeno corn cakes, blueberry coffee cake (soooo good!), and candied berry scones.  I loved the variety in the bread basket.  Too bad we didn't think to ask if we could bring it home. My husband had the Mesa Grill burger cooked medium (barf!) and fries and I had some egg dish that had a green chili sauce that was layered on crispy blue tortillas.  It was heavenly.  Our server seemed like he was kind of having a bad day but he was handling it like a champ and having a sense of humor about it.  He was a sport and kept our drinks refilled and food out on the table as soon as it was ready (or so it seemed).I can't wait til next time we can go to Mesa Grill.
2	Disappointing would be the right word. In my book hash is not hash unless it's crispy. And this was not. At all. Mush would be a better term. A slapped together, ring molded monstrosity of boiled chicken, rock hard poached egg and sad sauce. The chilaquiles weren't much better. Three stacked blue corn toastadas, some mozzarella and an eggy hockey puck does not a fine chilaquile make. Where's my comfort food of cotija cheese and spicy sauce soaked chips? Where's the breakfast of champions, of hungover warriors and Vegas-ites ready for a Bobby Flay throwdown meal? Not here apparently. The coffee was the best part.B-Flay you really let me down on this one.
5	Stellar!Baseline1. Sophie 's chopped salad!2. Queso Dip3. Pork Tenderloin4. Sweet Potatoes Au Gratin5.Pardita Margarita
4	We ate here before a show on my first trip to Vegas.  I loved it.  Sweet Potatoes Au Gratin was tasty. Loved the "house" margarita.  I am not one for spicy food but my salmon was the right kind of spicy. Had a kick but didn't kill my taste buds so I could not taste anything else.  My sister had the tenderloin and that was good. My husband had the filet and surprisingly he thought it was a bit too spicy for him. (I hardly ever hear him say that.)  Great service. We enjoyed our evening.
5	So Good!  I had food envy after I watched each table served. Then came the bread...oh, the bread. Ordered the Pork Tenderloin and it was delicious.  Can't wait to go to Vegas again so I can return.  Good goin' Bobby Flay!
4	So I went here on a whim by myself after winning some dough, and I was not disappointed.  First off, it's less expensive than some of the other restaurants on the Strip, but it is far from cheap just to let you know.  I ordered a margarita, with my choice from a bewilderingly long list of tequilas, with some kind of other liqueur in it, which was pretty good, but definitely don't get the shot of liqueur... couldn't taste the difference.  But that steak I ordered?  Rubbed with chipotle flavored seasoning, and red and green chile sauce?  Uhh- mazing.  And not as expensive as a steak at STK or the like.  I had some awesome spicy collard greens with it as well, which required me to devour that delicious jalapeno cornbread that came with it.All in all?  Try this place.  It's not crazy expensive, but it is crazy good.
4	My husband and I went to Mesa Grill for dinner last weekend. Besides the bartender who gave me major attitude for asking for sugar free Redbull (after pouring 2 guys' to-go cups of beer into rocks glasses for them, I didn't think my request was such a big deal) our experience was great.Mmmm cactus pear margarita. The bread basket was really yummy, I actually couldn't stop eating it!!For starters, I had the sweet potato soup. Oh my god. My husband had the tacos and he had food envy for sure. Tacos were definitely delicious but TINY!! 3 of them could be eaten in 6 bites or less. The soup was absolutely incredible with the maple cream and marcona almonds...highly recommend.We shared the romaine salad, very good and not overdressed. Yummy cheese crisp in the middle. I had the filet mignon for dinner, perfectly medium rare and very very yummy. Spicy chipotle coating, which was not overpowering.Husband had the pork tenderloin - then it was my turn for food envy - wow. Extremely delicious, the sauce was to die for.Coconut cake for dessert, skip it. It was totally dry and tasteless. I was very sad because I love coconut cake. Eh.Would definitely go back!As an FYI, most of the recipes that the restaurant uses are in Bobby Flay's cookbook...I'll be picking that up soon so I can make that soup. Mmmmm. I'm still dreaming about it.
5	Came here for the second time in two years because it's that amazing and unique. Started off with the Pappy Manhattan. Yes - Mesa has Pappy Van Winkle, which for bourbon connoisseurs is like drinking a unicorn.We were lucky enough to be here for Restaurant Week, which meant we got a 3 course meal for $50. Not cheap, but honestly not bad compared to the rest of the high end strip restaurants. The chicken taco appetizer was nice and spicy and had a zesty little sauce. I went with the pork tenderloin for the main course. Good Lord. It's as tender and juicy as a filet, but the flavors are so bold and out of bounds. Insane. Dessert was just as amazing and unique - chocolate and caramel salted pudding. WOW. Just the right balance of sweet and salty. Bottom line: If you're a Karl Welzein bold flavors man from way back, Mesa is a must.
2	Scallop with grits appetizer was the best thing about this meal. Service was good. Short rib was tender but dry and sauce tasted like bottled BBQ sauce not what I was hoping for from Bobby Flay. Sorbet Trio for dessert were forgettable. Probably wont go back.
5	One of my favorite restaurants ever !!!!!!!!!! my wife and I have been to this location and the one in the Bahamas and there is always something new and delicious. We had the SOUTHWESTERN SPICE CHICKEN SKEWERS and they were great and flavorfull, I had the MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN and my wife had the ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMON and both dishes where GREAT , i wished i would of remember my waitress name she was great too all i know is that she was from Argentina and she recommended a really great tasting Sauvignon Blanc. Cant wait to go back , Maybe the NY location next
4	I've always wanted to try Bobby Flay's famous restaurant Mesa Grill but never had the chance till now. After the watching the Celine Dion Concert, we were both starving and my Mom wanted to eat something right away close to the Coliseum and I told her about Mesa Grill which was owned by Celeb Chef Bobby Flay. They say, sometimes he'll be working behind the grill but unfortunately he wasn't there. ='(But that didn't stop me from enjoying my dinner with Mum, the place is hip and modern just like the rest of Caesars Palace's restaurants and they don't have a strict dress code, just casual to formal. Staff here are top notch in service and the food here is on the $$$ side but I knew that before walking in and ordering our food since there was a big menu with prices outside of the restaurant.We ordered:22 oz Bone in Chipotle Glazed Rib-Eye $48  -side of Mashed Potatoes + Green Chile Queso Sauce $9Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon - Spicy Black Sauce + Roasted Jalapeno Crema  - $32Both of the entrees were excellent and couldn't fault on anything, bone in Chipotle Glazed Rib-Eye was very tender and juicy and included two different sauces hot and mild but I forgot the names. And a side of mashed potatoes, was nothing phenomenal. My mom ordered the Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon and that was a great dish. Service here great, not excellent. Our waiter never explained the different sauces I had for my Chipotle Rib-Eye and that took it down one star. Other than that, dinner was lovely and I was glad to finally eat in Bobby Flay's Famous Mesa Grill restaurant at Caesar's Palace.Unfortunately I didn't see Bobby Flay grilling his signature steaks in his kitchen. Boo!
4	My husband and I have been here twice now, and have great things to say. I personally loved the Cactus Pear Margarita, queso fundido, and mashed potatoes side with queso. The pork tenderloin is very good and I believe it's their signature dish. I enjoyed it but my husband didn't really care for the sauce it came with so it may not be for everyone. The Veal chop was very good, a little too fatty for me but I am extremely particular about fatty meats, more than most. My husband really enjoyed his rabbit dish during our most recent visit.My in-laws really liked the salmon and lamb they ordered, they weren't raving about their dishes, but they enjoyed and finished them. If you dine here, definitely order the queso fundido, have a margarita, and MOST DEFINITELY get the mashed potatoes. The next time I dine here, I plan on trying the chicken dish, so I will update my review when I do. FYI, the main dishes don't really come with sides, some have a small meatless tamale and I know the lamb comes with collared greens. The actual sides are sold separately. Be aware, if you make a reservation you will need a credit card, and if for some reason you miss your reservation, you will be charged $50 for doing so. Be sure to not miss your reservation, or take your chances walking in. This place is on the pricey side, the first time I dined here with my husband we each had 1 drink, shared the queso, I had the pork, he had the veal, and we shared 1 order of mashed potatoes. After tip the bill was $150. When we ate here with the in-laws, our bill including tip was $360. Each time we left roughly an 18-20% tip, the waiters are very knowledgeable about the menu's and always have recommendations. Very good service! We will be back, but most likely for a splurge or special occasion.
5	Visited the Mesa Grill for lunch during a recent stay at Caesars. The pork sandwich was amazing! Moist, flavorful and just a touch spicy. Perfect!The bread basket that they served was oh so good. So many choices it was hard to deicide which bread to try. Would absolutely go back on my next visit.
5	really good food at a reasonable pricethe bread and corn muffins with butter were a great start to the mealordered sophie's chopped salad. had beans and a tasty dressingthe only vegetarian entree was the chili rellenowas crusted in cornmeal and you can taste all the spices that went into it including ground corianderthe fresh corn tamale was soso. nothing specialthe sticky coffee pudding and the coconut cake were both very very goodall in all a great experience!
2	I just read a five star review from a fellow vegetarian for Mesa Grill on the same day we visited. I agree with the yelper that the side corn tamale was average at best, lacked flavor, and really small for $9. Our corn bread that came out before dinner was very dry as well. What I was most dissappointed by was their lack of ability to make a change to an item on the menu.  I wanted to get the quesadillas without chicken that looked amazing and we were told they couldn't do it, that stuff was pre-made. That was a bummer. So we settled for the goat cheese fundido app and a tamale. Like i said the tamale was not so hot and the goat cheese fundido was good. At that point we cut our losses and took off and never got to the chile relleno which I kind of regret based on what other yelper said. I know this place is mostly a meat type of restaurant but my wife and I love the spice and flavor Mesa brings to the table. For some reason I recall more vegetarian options at the Mesa Grill in New York or maybe they were more willing to adapt. Their $16 specialty margarita was just ok. Oh, and they could use some customer service training up front. Not so friendly, in a cold and indifferent kind of way. Just annoying when you see them laughing and upbeat with servers but not customers. Oh well, at least our server Arnel was nice.
3	Had the grilled mahi mahi. Not too shabby. Too many flavors in one bite. Presentation was pretty. The decor in the restaurant was nice. Service wasn't too great. Our waiter never came by to check in after we got our food until we asked for the check. On the bright side, my husbands swordfish sandwich was delicious and was a pretty big portion for lunch. We might come back to try the dinner menu next time!
5	Loved Mesa Grill. The shrimp tamale was excellent. I would go back again just for that....fantastic. The blue corn pancake was good, but not as good as that tamale!  My husband had the pork tenderloin, and I had the veal. Both were good, but I definitely preferred the veal. No complaints!
4	Was very excited to try this restaurant out. Like some of other reviewers, am a Bobby Flay fan. There were 4 of us in our party - 2 adults & 2 kids under age of 10.Menu varies for lunch & dinner. We chose to go for an early dinner - around 5-ish. We were seated right away in the back part of resturant in a round table. Was a nice "view" of the resturant, cooking stations, and other tables. Perhaps a little less noisy than the rest of the place. We were able to talk amongst ourselves just fine. (Even share a bit of conversation wtih members of the table right next to us.)Adults had the Tuna steak. (I really enjoyed it medium-rare. My husband had it med-well.) The poblano-peppercorn sauce was tasty and married well with the couscus. Our portions were a good size, I thought. We also had an order of the lobster tacos - good flavor. I agree wth Cat P. that the asiago cheese jalapeno bread was the best of all the breads in the bread basket ;-) We initially were going to order a couple apps for the kids - but our waiter suggested a burger or cheese burger for them. (Nice touch! And worth the $12 for a grade-A burger w/ fries.)  They enjoyed refillable sodas/lemonaide. While the adults drank tasty margaritas - go ahead, try the signature White peach Margarita!  Desert... ah, the finishing touch on a great meal. We shared 2 deserts: toasted coconut cake and banana cream pie. Not too sweet and hit the spot. Service notes: Our waitstaff was attentive, knowledgable about the menu, and were delightful with the two kids.What we might do differently next time: Say no to the mineral water ($8.50 per bottle was a bit too spendy.)It was a good meal that came with a price. It could be considered your "big spend" item while visiting. We would consider coming back (just with Adults). Save a Margarita for me.....!
5	This food is to die for!!!!!!!!!! Everytime i come to vegas i stop here. I get their Shrimp Tamale and and their smoke chicken black bean quesadilla. it is sooooo gooddd.. This place is semi pricey but the food is good.
2	A group of us travels to Vegas each year in search of old NAB friends and dining fun.  We have had many superb lunches, but this dinner fell flat.The appetizers were fine, which made the main courses that much more disappointing.  Our group ordered:The chile-crusted rabbit with a bedding of cous-cous -- the rabbit was cooked perfectly, but the natural flavor of the protein could not be discerned.  I've had a fair bit of rabbit and red squirrel in my day, and enjoy the flavors; our dining companion did not get that chance, the flavor was lost in his dish.Another of our group had the Mahi-Mahi and declared it well cooked but under-seasoned.  The third member of our table had the evening's special, the arctic char.  It was perfectly cooked with the skin crisped expertly and presented skin-up to preserve the texture.  The flavor of the protein was the star of this dish and we declared this the only success of the night.I had the pork tenderloin.  Eager to ease into the palate of flavors (boubon sauce, a touch of the habenero drizzle) I started with just a piece of the pork.  The rub utterly masked any porky goodness and left a sort-of spicy dirt aftertaste.  By cutting a piece of pork, ensuring a light coating of the bourbon sauce and a dash of the habenero sauce, I could "get" what the creator of the recipe had in mind.  Sadly, you could have rubbed a piece of soggy cardboard and then dipped the sauces to pretty much good effect.  Unfortunately, I wanted a wonderful protein to be the star, enhanced by some clever sauce choices.  The sweet potato tamale needed something to cut the cloying sweetness (yes, I know they're called sweet potatoes for a reason).This might have been a one-star event, were it not for the skilled wait and bus staff and the wonderful arctic char.  For at least these reasons, we'll be taking Mesa Grill off our dining destination rotation in the future.
3	What happened?  Have eaten here 7+\- times and ALWAYS enjoyed...till this last time. We got the pork tenderloin and it just was not as flavorful as it was in the past. The tamale was dry and also flavorless.  Service was okay, but not the top notch as it was in the past.This used to be our favorite, gotta eat here every time in Vegas place, but not anymore
5	Simply amazing.  The best service I have received possibly ever.  I went there with my wife and in-laws and had a wonderful time.
4	The atmosphere here is great for pre-show apps and drinks. The food on the menu is different and modern and tex-mex. I ordered the lobster tacos and quesadilla. It was all really tasty. Pricey though and the tables are so close together that you can literally hear the other table's conversation. In my case it was a son and his mother talking about his divorce and his mother being rude to her son at the table. It was a bit off-putting. Anyhow the food is good and the waiters very friendly and quick to respond to your needs. We made it to our show without a problem. Good food, just move the tables farther apart Bobby Flay.
4	I wanted to "move in" to a restaurant for dinner and drinks for my traditional "vacation splurge dinner" before the Shania Twain concert and Mesa Grill was the perfect spot. We started with a few appetizers and drinks.  We had the tiger shrimp and corn tamale and the blue corn pancake with duck.  I think the duck appetizer was my favorite. The flavors were really good. The tiger shrimp tamale was okay. For drinkage,  I had the house margarita and I believe a cactus/pear cocktail.  The margarita was delicious. One of the best margaritas I've had..EVER. Don't bother getting any other cocktail really...It's a waste of time. For entrees, hubby had the spiced rubbed pork tenderloin. It was delicious. It had a nice heat and the meat was tender and juicy.  I had the strip steak cooked medium. It was delicious and cooked perfectly--and HUGE.  I usually order fish, but I thought I would mix things up and I did not regret it. The sides were amazing. The mashed potatoes with the queso gravy...Heaven. Pure heaven.  We also had brussel sprouts, which were okay. For dessert, I had one of the dessert wines and we shared churros. The churros didn't blow me away. The service was outstanding. Plates didn't stay on the table. Water glasses were filled every time you took a sip.  The server was knowledgeable on the menu and made great recommendations. I would definitely recommend going to Mesa if you are looking for a great dinner spot on the strip.
5	Bobby Flay's place continues to be the best and most consistent LV restaurant. When entertaining clients we chose the Mesa Grill, once again, due to their outstanding foods, service and ambiance. This trip I decided to changed it up and try the rare ahi steak, lightly grilled. This dish is excellent and lighter fare than I generally go for. This meant more room for dessert and having perfectly paced this evening, tonight was the night for Churros! Not just any churro, but Bobby's special churros dusted with cinnamon sugar and star anise, dark chocolate and  coconut dulce de leche dipping sauces. Wow! So, much for the healthy Ahi!We had another excellent meal with incredible service. I love their wine list as well. Incredible culinary experience.
5	Mesa Grill is my favorite place first time here and loved it, service was great, we had the brunch menu!My husband ordered the Chiliquilas, I had the six spice chicken salad with a bloody Mary, the chicken had great flavor however the salad was a little dry.  Our waiter was very informative
5	Damn!!!! So me and my gf were in Vegas last weekend and wanted to eat bomb. We both like great food even when it's top dollar. I got a seafood mix forgot what was exactly in it (stoned) but I remember 2 kinds of clams, crab and fish. Super bomb bobby flay put a great twist on this plate great job
3	Bobby Flays Mesa Grill - this restaurant requires a credit to make a reservation. I checked in and the hostess didn't offer any smile or greeting. Just asked if my party was all here. I said three of us are here and the 4th is on his way. This information put her in an even more sour mood.We sat down and waited 15 minutes and decided to order. Our waiter was also concerned about our late friend. I ordered the pork chops which was excellent. The Churros were ok but not transcendent . The late diner arrived right after we put in our order and quickly chose his dinner. Food was great but felt rushed and the whole dinner vibe was off. Yes we had one diner 15 minutes late but our reservations were 5:45pm not prime time dinner hour.Need to work on customer service.
5	The best food I have ever had.  For the first time I had tuna and omg, was it good.
4	Since watching the show " the best I ever had" I have been wanting to come here.Bobby Flay does not disappoint.  The bread that they serve while you are waiting for your appetizers are delicious.  We ordered the fondue as an appetizer and it was delicious.  The meal was amazing I definitely recommend to listen to your server on what is good, she was awesome.  Everything that she recommended was delicious.The potatoes was creamy and to die for the steaks were juicy and like cutting into butter.  Make this your stop, if you're in Vegas.
5	Chef Bobby Flay's restaurant in the Caesar's Palace Hotel has a fun atmosphere and great food!  I had the ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMON which was amazing and my boyfriend had the 22 OZ BONE IN CHIPOTLE GLAZED RIB-EYE.  Both were very tasty and we would definitely go back and have these amazing dishes again.  Would recommend friends and family to try them out.Our waiter was also very attentive.The only part we thought was a little off was depending where you were sitting (and we were sitting towards the back) facing the big glass windows in the back being distracted by the sports book area which I assume would be great for a Sports Enthusiast.  lol
4	So I've been a big fan of Bobby Flay's for a long time. Like before chefs became celebrities. I had a super crush on him (damn you Stephanie March) and was super excited in 2000 when I went to Mesa Grill in 2000. At the time, it was probably one of the best meals I had ever had. Literally. Fast-forward some years and I decided to check out the Mesa Grill in Las Vegas. It was a while ago that we went but I had the fish and my husband had a steak. Obviously we drank margaritas. The food was really good, but not exceptional like I recalled. I think they kind of went overboard with the condiments. Although not super authentic, I would say that this is still better quality food than most Mexican places on the strip and would kinda compare it to Rick Bayless.
2	For a celebrity chef restaurant I was very disappointed. From the moment we arrived our party was treated poorly. We had a large group and were told we couldn't split the  bill evenly, even though it  was clearly written on the menu: happy to split any bill up to 4 ways. Then we had to wait over an hour for our entrees. Can't say we will be returning anytime soon!
4	I've been here several times and every visit has been great.  I highly recommend the 16 spice chicken salad, and the new mexican pork rub tenderloin.  The service is top notch.  Staff very knowledgable about menu and wind pairing, pricing good, and the time between order and delivery is good.  Only downside was the bread basket.  Somewhat bland.
5	Being from Texas and finding a place that does Southwestern food SO right was like a heart melting moment. The taste of tamale in my mouth sends me straight back to my life in Dallas. Yum-my. Nothing better.Went in and sat at the bar and was waited on by a fabulous bartender named Christine. She's a mixologist of the highest order. You MUST try her drinks, they are fabulous. But be careful, they're potent too! We had the cactus margarita (can't remember the full name) and the white peach. Definitely try both, they were delicious!For an appetizer me and my girlfriend shared the tiger shrimp with roasted garlic corn tamale. It's supposed to be Flay's best of. I don't doubt it. It was a flavor explosion that really rocked my mouth! Creamy flavors, sweet tamale, large shrimp. You'll regret not trying this. For our lunch I ordered the smoked shrimp tacos and salsas. My gf ordered the ancho chile-honey glazed salmon. My mouth, personally, was on overload with all this flavor. The tacos came out with two skewers of three large shrimp, two flour tortillas and three salsas and cabbage slaw that was delicious. The salsas were mango, avocado and one other that I'm not sure of, but trust me, you will eat all three and love them. The salmon was HUGE. I couldn't believe the difference in size. Mine was two dollars more and half the size. I was crushed. The salmon was flaky and covered in this creama sauce that was to DIE for. I would definitely recommend this for sure. For dessert we finished it off with the sticky toffee pudding. Wow! Sweet and dense with a really great flavor. Was really impressed. We wanted churros, but they don't serve them at lunch, which we found odd considering that churros are a staple of southwestern cuisine. Anyway, we'll go back for those at dinner soon!
2	Was excited to try Mesa Grill, I enjoy watching Bobby Flay on TV and am a fan of southwestern cuisine. Was greeted for lunch service by a very rude hostess who told me I needed to take off my hat before she seated me. It was a dressy fedora style hat and of course I wasn't going to sit with it on. The attitude didn't stop there. The server got extremely short with us when we didn't order appetizers to start the meal.i ordered ham and eggs while my girlfriend had the pork sandwich. The pork was nicely seasoned but overall nothing else was really special. I ordered a coffee to finish the meal and never was offered a refill. Seriously, $4.00 for a cup of coffee. No refills.Based solely on the poor service and attitude at Mesa Grill, I won't be returning. It's a shame because Bobby Flay ALWAYS has a smile on TV but none of his employees could even be bothered. Go elsewhere.
5	Our second visit and it did not disappoint. Love the tuna nachos, shrimp and corn dish, chicken skewers... Bobby was even cooking that day - also a treat. Food is amazing and the service is wonderful.
2	With the overwhelming positive reviews, I must have just hit a bad night... but for what it's worth:1.  Seating.  I'm thinking - Cheesecake Factory mass organization with no intimacy, EVERYTHING you say (or your neighbor says) is like you're at the same table with everyone one else.2.  Service - no complaints.3.  Appetizer - SMOKED CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN QUESADILLA * Avocado + Toasted Garlic Creme Fraiche $15. - Fantastic!  Wow.4.  NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN * Bourbon - Ancho Chile Sauce Sweet Potato Tamale - + Crushed Pecan Butter $36.  My meal.  Meat - no flavor.  Tender, but nothing special.  The sauces were ok.  The Tamale was DRY - disappointing.  Not anywhere near worth $36.. but the plate looked good.5.  GRILLED LAMB PORTERHOUSE CHOPS * -Blackberry - Cascabel Barbecue Sauce + Collard Greens with Smoked Chiles $44.  My dining companions meal.  Blah.  Had a taste and was glad I ordered my boring pork tenderloin.  Collard Greens were nothing special.6.  There was a side corn dish.  $10 fantastic.I wish we had ordered two quesadillas and two orders of corn and called it good.It was a Monday night - I was surprised it was so slow there that we walked right in and sat down.  Maybe I know why now.  With a $7 and a $14 bottle of beer... the $140 pre-tip was NOT money well spent.   At those prices... Bobby doesn't get a second chance... I had a steak at a mexican place in the MGM a couple of years ago that blew my socks off... I think I'll go back there tonight.
5	If you know who Bobby Flay is then you will know that walking into one of his busily packed restaurants without reservations especially on a Saturday evening is virtually impossible. BUT with great Vegas luck, my family of five was able to be seated ASAP w/out reservations nor wait time. It was as if they were expecting our party of 5 yet there was a crowd just behind us who ended up waiting. Screening the menu everything sounded spicy so dining with young children and a senior citizen who cannot tolerate any level of spiciness had us very concerned. To be polite we went ahead and ordered while making sure to ask our waiter the spice level of each dish ordered and he assured us that the spices were more for marinating purposes and that it would be mild to the taste unless requested to any desired spice level. We trusted him and when the food arrived, everything from apps to entrees to desserts far exceeded our expectations. It turned out to be the best meal we had on our 4 day LV trip. The deep dish banana cream pie, pork chop special and cremini mushroom quesadillas are musts! We will definitely return to try more of the menu.
5	My wife had the pork tenderloin and I had the veal. Hands down the two best meals we have ever had. It was expensive but worth every penny!
5	"This is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth" A common sentence used when Nickole and I dined here last Monday. Christine the bartender is AWESOME and made the best recommendations for us. Started our meal off with a house Margarita on the rocks with salt. Made up of Hurradurra Tequila, fresh squeezed lime, and agave syrup it was so good. Nickole had a White Peach Margarita and that was amazing as well. For an appetizer we had the Tiger Shrimp Tamale, wow. Honestly the best thing I have ever eaten. With garlic corn, and a cilantro sauce that makes you want to cry... this Tamale was sculpted by gods, i swear. I could eat this dish every day.Drink #2 Pear Margarita. YUM Not too sweet but with a slight hint of pear. Very good... and strong!For the entrees we both split the Smoked Shrimp Tacos and Ancho Chili Honey Glazed Salmon. wow x2. The Tacos were perfection. With grilled corn tortillas and a cabbage slaw the shrimp being so juicy and perfectly marinated this dish was to die for. The Salmon was perfect too. Cooked at a medium temp and on a bed of a house made black bean sauce and a cilantro oil the honey glaze complemented the salmon perfectly. Both amazing choices. Drink #3 Pomegranate Martini a little on the strong side but pretty goodDesert- Sticky Toffee cake. Being gluten free I only had a small bite to try it and If my allergy was mild and wouldn't cause me severe pain i would have eaten the whole thing. wow was it good! and with a side of house made ice cream it was truly the cherry on top to our meal. I highly recommend this place to everyone. It will not disappoint! I cant wait to come back
4	We had a 10pm reservation and were seated promptly and were greeted with happy anniversary wishes. My wife had the rubbed filet with the double baked potato. I had the pork filet with a corn dish on the side. The seasonings and flavors complimented the meat. The house margarita was outstanding as was the pomegranate martini.Service was attentive and allowed for a relaxing dinner. We highly recommend for your next trip to Las Vegas.
2	We tried Mesa Grill for lunch on a weekday. There were only a few groups dining, so we were seated quickly. Our server knew the menu well and had recommendations, the service was very good.We both had the Mesa burger and fries. The burger itself was cooked perfectly. I did not care for the horseradish mustard that it came with, it was overly spicy. The burger was very large and a little awkward to eat. Even cut in half it was hard to bite into it without everything falling out. It was an average burger. I did not care for the fries at all. They had  a spicy little kick to them which I really enjoyed, but the fries were very crispy, not soft at all. I only had a few of them, it was more like eating potato chips.Overall the service was good, but the food was nothing special. Being a big fan of Bobby Flay's I've heard him speak of this restaurant many times so I was excited to go there, but I won't be back.
4	I am a huge fan of Bobby Flay so I thought I would love this place. I went here for Brunch and I was right, I loved it. In my group of 5 we all had the Spicy Bloody Mary which was good. How can you go wrong right? Apps: GOAT CHEESE"QUESO FUNDIDO", SOPHIE'S CHOPPED SALAD (2), SMOKED SALMON + DI L L QUESADILLA, SWEET POTATO SOUP. The Goat Cheese Fundido was the best out of all the app choices, but all still good.Entree:  SPICY SCRAMBLED EGGS, RANCH STYLE EGGS TOSTADA, BLUE CORN BUTTERMILK WAFFLE, MESA BURGER (2). My favorite was the Spicy Eggs, holy smokes, I can taste them now. Everyone loved their entrees and demolished the food.Be sure to make a reservation for any meal you plan on eating here. Oh and P.S. the bread basket is oh so good. You will be wanting more.
4	Great food and service.  best if you appreciate spicy food
3	Been here twice.. First time was great but the second time just ok.. Don't know it just wasn't good as the first time.. Too bad..
4	While in Vegas on a girlfriend reunion we had a light dinner at Mesa Grill! Our server recommended the tamale shrimp  appetizer! You just have to go have it!!! Tamale was divine, could have eaten three as am a big fan of the tamale!!! Cornbread served with, perfect to sop up the creamy goodness of the sauce! Would love to go back to try more of the menu!!! Very upscale/shi- shi  little restauraunt! In Caesars Palace!
4	Bread basket was amazing little to good because I think I got filled up on the bread :(Started out with the shrimp and tamale was really good and the sauce was excellent. also the scallop was cooked to perfection. I was to stuffed the appetizer was a decent size for my entree I got the lobster tacos $20 pretty pricey 3 small tacos nothing special at all. one thing that did stand out was the side of creamed corn a must !
4	I love steak and I ordered the Rib Eye Steak Bone In. It was made Good; I think I could have done better myself; I ordered medium rare as I have been my whole life but this steak was like 2 minutes on each side I think on a super hot grill. So the outside was kind of deceiving; looked really good but there was still blood dripping; I understand Medium Rare but Rare is not the business. I mean I probably would try it again but not during a busy weekend.  Not 5 Star at all.
2	Went for lunch and sorely disappointed.  The scallop salad had disjointed flavors - the salad dressing was smoky and under-salted while the scallops were barely seasoned enough (~$22).  The pork sandwich had a kick of spice but the meat was a tad too chewy (~$18).  The swordfish sandwich was absolutely forgettable (~$18).  If I had to choose my 'favorite' part of my meal, I'd choose the fries that came w/ the sandwiches.  The fries were crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and had a unique blend of seasoning on the outside.Other important info: located next to sportsbook, great service, mediocre food that is priced too high, latin/western/american theme?! (as experienced in music, upholstery theme, and general decor).
4	Located in Caesar's Palace.  I found that I loathed Caesar's, but loved this restaurant.  Pork tenderloin was awesome.  My 24-year-old son was having a foodgasm over the chicken (Oh my God, this is the most tender chicken I've ever had!).  My husband was a bit disappointed with his quesadilla, said it lacked chicken.  Bread basket, amazing.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the white peach margarita, too sweet and I spent $14 on it.Service was terrific, decor was vivid.  They were kind enough to move our reservation at the last minute from 6:15 to 5:30.  My son is a big Bobby Flay fan and our server took time to discuss with him Bobby's visit to the restaurant a week earlier.Good place to visit in Vegas.
5	One of the best lunches we've had. So glad we made the trek to find this spot on our Vegas vacation. Delish Bobby Flay margaritas... I wanted 3. The bread basket could of made me full - a few kinds of unique. corn muffins and sweet breads. We started with the ahi tartare app, which was amazing. Served with a few Flay sauces and homemade tortilla chips - it was fresh, savory and creative. I orders the tuna club: thick bacon, spicy aioli, sourdough bread... Every detail was good. Hubbs got a bacon burger which he devoured and deemed one of the best burgers ever. We both loved our fries. The place was hip, our waiter was awesome and we left full, impressed and warmly tipsy. We'll be back next time we're in Vegas FOR SURE.
4	The tiger shrimp tamale is to die for.  I literally ordered one as an app and one for lunch.  It's slightly deconstructed, and the sweet corn on it is delicious.  I'm not a dessert person either, but the chocolate "pudding" is the best dessert ever.  It's more of a cake with salted caramel and ice cream - insanely good, can't wait to go back and order both again!!
5	This is my kinda place! Upscale, but not stuffy. Great vibe. Talented and attentive servers. Interesting menu. Delicious food.  I have friends going to Vegas next week and I have been raving about Mesa Grill. I know they'll love it.
1	WOW,  and i mean that in a bad way.Normally i'd give a restaurant of this caliber 2 stars at least, but seeing how it's from a "celebrity chef" I was tougher with the grading.So the first thing you'll notice at this restaurant is that they love chili peppers...there are pictures, carvings, embossed logos of peppers everywhere...the doors, the mirrors, the tables, the roof etc.   Sounds good because i love spicy food.   However, the sad fact is nothing was really spicy at all.I came here for brunch with a fairly large party and pretty much everyone was not impressed with what they got.     In fact I want to give this place ZERO stars because they did the impossible!  They messed up breakfast food!  I mean eggs? Bacon? Potatoes?!  Those things practically cook themselves!  And they are inherently so delicious I could put them in a bowl and microwave them and they'd be good!Well,  this place has completely turned me off to anything Bobby Flay.
1	I have eaten here about 4 times on various trips with different people to Vegas.  First experience, delightful.  Second, challenging. Third, disappointing.  Fourth, you're out.  Meals sent back, comps and all that but I have never been able to have an enjoyable experience again.  I love the coconut cake (a throw down winner that ended up on the menu at all of his restaurants) so every disappointment always had a delicious coconut ending except for our last visit where the cake tasted dry and frozen all at the same time.  Call me stupid for so many tries but never ever again - and I recommend you skip it.
4	We came here because my mom is obsessed with Bobby Flay, so naturally, we ate at his restaurant.Though it was very heavily priced, the food & experience was worth it. It felt like just another restaurant since we were in a heavily tourist-concentrated area, but for my mom, it was great. I ordered a burger (forgot which) that came with fries and honey dijon mustard sauce. The burger tasted like any other high-end burger that I might order, but the fries were so good. Perfectly crispy and salted to my liking, with some kind of herb sprinkled throughout them. I don't know whether the sauce was supposed to be for the fries or for the burger, but I used it on both and they both were delicious. Would come here again if I won jackpot at a casino or something. Otherwise, it's too pricey for my wallet to handle. I would recommend this for good food and good interior decor, but not sure if it's worth the money you pay for your meal.
4	I like it, food is interesting, there are muffins served with brunch that are very tasty, burgers are good, but Michelin star rated? I don't get that.
4	Bacchanal line was too long! But this was a great back-up. You get served some complimentary carbs to start--coffee cakes, jalapeno bread, blue cornbread, etc. The fresh-squeezed orange juice was delightful. Blue corn-crusted halibut was simple and great. Clean taste with a bit of a kick. Capers and grape tomatoes in the sauce. Mmm... the boy ordered goat cheese and jalapeno scrambled eggs with honey ham. The ham was very juicy and soft.The entire meal, all my bf and I could say is "that's interesting." Such an interesting mix of flavors all around, which I guess is expected of this kind of restaurant. The service was great. I think the brunch menu is rather simple, so in reality I'm giving 3.5 stars (rounding up because it was a pleasant meal all around) but I'd definitely like to try their lunch and/or dinner menu, which is probably more of an experience.
4	went here just because of the name associated it with it. The environment is good, nice helpful staff. the food was delicious, but stating that, i probably won't go back. To me it wasn't a place to come back over and over again, one try was enough, lets try other restaurants around.
4	The rabbit!
3	It's okay.
5	Oh my sweet, fancy Moses--the food here never disappoints. We had brunch today. There was no wait, and the service was phenomenal. Easily the best meal that we had this time in Vegas. The chilaquiles are not to be missed, smoothest margarita in the world, and if you eat one thing in Vegas, eat those grits. Thank you, Bobby Flay!
1	I got a nice case of food poisoning from Mesa Grill.  It was definitely contracted there, since that was my first meal in about 24 hours.  I'm thinking their kitchen staff needs to be taught proper food handling skills.  Thanks to Mesa Grill I was sick for 3 days.  Worse yet, when I contacted their customer service about it all they did is asked which Mesa Grill I was at and never even offered up an apology or showed any concern at all.Thanks, Bobby Flay!!  Needless to say, I'll never step foot in there again.
5	Reserved via Open Table for dinner with my husband while in Vegas for the weekend for our wedding anniversary. It was Friday night but we got seated pretty quickly even though we were about 5 minutes late due to a bit of a miscalculation on our flight arrival time. Place was busy but they were definitely moving people in & out pretty quickly.   We choose this place because we wanted to experience a Bobby Flay restaurant after seeing so much of him on The Food Network. We weren't disappointed!Their bread basket had a nice cheese bread, corn muffin & a walnut raisin bread. All were good, but our favorite was the cheese bread with peppers. We then started out with these mini (& I do mean mini!!!) blue corn lobster tacos for an appetizer. After laughing about the size (maybe 2"x1" tacos) we split the 3 tacos. We weren't laughing then!  We were licking our fingers!  Very delicious.  One of our servers was joking with us about how they had tastings of them when the tacos were introduced & they all had the same complaint... They wanted more!  We agreed, yummy!Then we ordered the Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon & grilled chicken to share. We honestly thought we'd like the salmon better, but both really liked the spicy tangy sauce on the chicken. Plus it had this yummy corn tamale on the side. Salmon was good & was cooked very well, but I guess we just thought it was not especially different tasting than what we could get somewhere else. Strangely enough, it was our side dish of Roasted Corn that we liked the most!  What a burst of flavor from the aioli & cheese on it!  At first I wasn't sure I'd be able to finish it because I wanted to save room for dessert, but I couldn't resist because it was great. But the absolute best part of the meal (it had us talking about it all weekend long!) was the Sticky Toffee Pudding!  OMG!!! It's sweet, yet salty, sticky but not too much & the texture of the cake/pudding was firm but moist. Sooooo good!  I didn't have any of the vanilla ice cream it was served with cuz I'm lactose intolerant, but my hubby said it was not really anything special. But he ate it anyway!  Overall, the food was great, the servers really were on top of everything & very friendly. Not at all snooty or aloof.  Had a great time & would do it again...especially the dessert!
5	Where to start? This resto was friggin ah-mah-zing!From the bread -- which included blueberry coffee cake, cinnamon chip scones, jalapeno corn bread -- to their fancy sparkling water and their delicious menu. I had what my aunt accurately described as 'Green Eggs and Ham." LOL. Two eggs scrambled with green onions, goat cheese and jalapenos, with thick-sliced ham and two mini biscuits. So damn delicious!
5	Delicious!
3	We had a reservation which we arrived early for.  We were told to wait which turned into 15-20 minutes.   That was disappointing.Our server was Joel.  He was extremely attentive and suggested Margaritas which we both found to be on the tart side.  We had him sweeten them with Agave.For a Tuesday night the place was packed for dinner despite the poor reviews.I ordered the Pork tenderlon which was a little dry.  It came with a sauce that was tasty.  My girlfriend ordered the Ribeye which was HUGE.  I was extremely impressed by how much of dent she made in it.  It seemed to be cooked to order.  As per Joel's suggestion we ordered the corn as a side dish.  It was super tasty.  The highlight of the meal for me.All in all it was one of the better meals that we had in Vegas but I would search a few other places for the overall experience.
4	Sat down starving from the trip in to Vegas and was greeted by a wonderfullly friendly wait staff that knew thier menu inside and out- I love that!  The bread baskets are a meal in themselves since each type of bread is delicious you have to try them all.  Ordered the salmon which could easily be the best meal I've ever had in Vegas and maybe the U.S.  Pricing is steep but no steeper than any other dining establishment in Vegas.  If you're in town make it a point to go there.
4	A solid 4.5...just shy of a 5.My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No?  Go!Tease:   Iron Chef Bobby Flay's Southwestern restaurant in Caesar's Palace (right by their sports book)Why I went:  Because I am a fan of Flays!When:  11/18/12Food:  I had the Mesa Burger...I was craving a high quality burger for lunch as we were there early in the afternoon.  We had a total group of 4 dining.  Other entrees included the grouper, pulled pork sandwich, and bacon quesadilla.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  A number of us also enjoyed their amazing and spicy Bloody Mary's!  I've eaten here a number of times.  Every time, I really have enjoyed my meals!  The flavors are so vibrant and interesting.  Things can be spicy, so if you like that...you'll love Mesa Grill!    Basically the food & drinks are delicious!Service:   Mike P was our server, and he did a fine job.  Hints/Final thoughts:   The food here is really super tasty!  However, the only real complaint is that a lot of the dishes are not changeable.  Given many marinades, sauces, and preparation...apparently, they can't make many substitutions.  For my wife, who can't eat cilantro, this made ordering a little difficult.  They will try, but sometimes there can't be much done.
4	I am always willing to try celebrity chef restaurants to see if they're genuinely decent.  This one was. The wait wasn't terrible, the ambiance was warm, earthy and classy, very warm and comfortable. Went here for a special occasion, was seated with a reservation around 7 I believe within a reasonable few minutes. The cheddar or asiago cranberry bread in the assorted basket was yummy. The cactus something sweet unsweetened tea was amazing! The portions were more than generous. Try the sweet potato tamale and the chipotle pork tenderloin or the bascobel blackberry sauce grilled lamb. It made it exciting to try the burger bar a few months later when we visited NYC.
5	When: June 24th, 2013I was totally blown away by the cuts of meat ranging from the spicy grilled chicken to the filet mignon to the ribeye! We ordered those 3 dishes and pretty much did family style and everything had such a solid flavor. The cuts of meat are aged for 40 days and cooked beautifully to the medium and medium rare we had requested. Service was great and has been the best steak experience in Vegas for me thus far! The chile verde mashed potatoes were so creamy and delicious too! Everything was above and beyond my expectations!
4	Four of us dined on a Thursday night. For apps we had spicy chicken quesadilla and chicken skewers, both delicious. Our dinners were pork tenderloin, halibut, and rabbit. The pork was spicy but fabulous, the tamale was just ok. Rabbit, also spicy was delicious and the halibut was not spicy but beautifully cooked. We had churros for desert, they melted in your mouth. We will definitely return to try more of the menu.
4	Chicken quasidilla was good
3	Came here before the Celine Dion show for convenience, but was really pleased with the our experience.The food overall was OK - I liked the flavors, but as it goes in Vegas, I was so stuffed from my previous meals, I don't think I enjoyed it as much as if I had eaten this is isolation (if that makes any sense).  But what was SUPERB this night was the SERVICE!  EXCELLENT SERVICE.  We were in a semi-rush to make our 7:30pm curtain call, and our waiter ensured that our food was out in time for us to enjoy our meal.  We even had to send our steak back to be re-grilled, and he did so quickly and courteously.Rib eye - This was the highlight of the table - marbled and juicy, with a tangy teriyaki sauce.  As I mentioned above, we had to send it back to be regrilled (we asked for medium rare, but I think in their rush to get us to our show, it came out a bit rare), but it was PERFECT the second time around.  Highly recommend.Corn side dish - You can't go wrong with sweet corn with cheese, cilantro, and lime.  I love tex-mex corn!Halibut - The waiter recommended this fish over the salmon and tuna.  It was soft with a crispy top.  I think it was over-shadowed by the steak, but still good.Chopped salad - Our attempt to balance out our meal with some ruffage.  Good.Lobster taco - An appetizer I think we could have done without.  Doesn't really stand out in my mind at all, though I didn't appreciate that the waiter was able to give us 4 pieces to share (instead of the standard 3).All in all, a solid meal, but would I come back?  Will all the options/restaurants on the strip?  Prob not...
1	Wow... Talk about OVERRATED!! I think people are way too drawn in by the fact that it's Bobby Flay's restaurant and not focused enough on the actual taste of the food. Ambiance:This is nice, large restaurant with a small bar area. I guess because of its "reputation" they won't let anyone sit in the restaurant who's wearing a baseball cap or a tank top. I had to borrow my friend's sweater while my friend was told to take off his cap.Food:1) Complimentary bread basket that I've heard so much about was unique but there was only one type of bread that was actually good. One was nasty and another piece was covered in a thick layer of  powdered sugar. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mesa-grill-las-vegas?select=mBH2IApgViN1Np3ialqhQg#rni-4X8CehE-8vQMWsTXvQ2) Burger - The patty was OVERLY SALTY. I couldn't take more than one bite.3) Ancho Chile - honey glazed salmon was the only item that I tried that didn't taste like they poured salt by the handfuls into the dish. There wasn't much flavor on the salmon itself. There wasn't enough black bean and jalapeno crema sauce to give it enough flavor. It was decent, but I much prefer the salmon across the street at Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian/Palazzo.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mesa-grill-las-vegas?select=mBH2IApgViN1Np3ialqhQg#WQswlQMg3DSRSwFYVSocoQ4) Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash were topped with poached eggs and green chile hollandaise sauce. The sweet potato hash wasn't fully cooked all the way, so it wasn't all the soft. It's definitely not worth $18. I only liked the poached eggs and their unique green chile hollandaise sauce.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mesa-grill-las-vegas?select=mBH2IApgViN1Np3ialqhQg#7rdJhKnUpRvNvbcU15fE3gService:I only saw our server once. Everyone else did her entire job for her. The place was so empty and our server just took the order and disappeared. Someone else brought out our food, refilled our waters, busses our tables. I would've much rather tipped the other workers because they actually asked if we needed anything and saw how we were doing.
5	Really great particularly the tuna tartar nachos
3	I may have come in with too high of expectations given that this is a Bobby Flay restaurant, but left rather underwhelmed. While visiting vegas my friend and I decided that if there was one Iron chef restaurant we would make it to might as well make it a Bobby Flay restaurant and go for what he is known for.. some good grilled meat (steak and burgers in our case) with some heat. The burger was okay, nothing to write home about and there really wasnt much of a kick in the salsa they provided alongside of it. And Im a whuss when it comes to heat.. so I should have been able to feel it. My friend ordered the steak which was also good.. but not great. Being from Chicago and having been lucky enough to try some great food from well known chefs, I guess I almost always expect to be amazed by the food coming out of these kitchens..but that didnt quite happen. Plus the wait staff just seemed so disinterested in what they were doing. Not sure if it was just because they're stuck inside a casino all day..or they really didnt want to be there anymore.. but a smile could have changed this experience a whole lot more.
4	Excellent service and food!!!But be warned almost everything is very spicy, including the bread!!
5	I love everything about MESA. You don't have to be a Bobby Flay fan to appreciate it (although I am!!). From the hip decor, to the amazing margaritas, to the food - its all great!We came here with a group of 6, pre Absinthe show, for dinner. We had attentive yet laid back service. I highly recommend the mezcal margarita if you are a mezcal fan. One of my favorite dishes, as random as it is, was the side of roasted corn. It was the best. I also loved my lamb chops. This is a good place for a group, as well as a more intimate date. Located right in the middle of Caesars, its also convenient, yet still in the action.
4	Good: YES  Great: NODecor: interesting, colorful, a little in your face and a little tiresome over the course of a meal.Service: friendly, happy, a little too much, over-the-top, bordering on annoying.Food: MOST IMPORTANT !!!White Tiger Shrimp Tamale appetizer: original,  well-executed, quality ingredients, however surprisingly salty - weird as I like salt.Squash Blossoms with Mango Chile Sauce: good texture, crispy, visually appealing, however the blossom itself was a little bland and the sauce a little cloyingly sweet.Pork Tenderloin in Ancho Chile Bourbon Sauce: with two complimentary sauces and a sweet corn tamale on the side: LIKE BUTTER !!! The tenderloin was buttery, moist and decadent. Again the sauce was a little too sweet but offset by the red pepper sauce droplets and the cilantro oil. The tamale was tiny and delicious.Dessert: Banana Creme Pie on steroids - gorgeous banana creme mousse piped between two hazelnut toffee thin cookies, which covered beautifully thinly sliced bananas. Gorgeous, artistic and tasty.Also! wonderful margaritas - excellent balance of sweet, salty, acidic and beauty in presentation.Would I try this again? Hard call as there are so, so many choices in Viva Las Vegas.
5	Maybe i'm a bit bias because i Love Bobby Flay but then again naaaaahhhhh because I Loved loved loved the food! lol.. So great and all the sauces were good as well. i thought Burger by Gordon Ramsey was good but after tasting these i realized they arent comparable. Very juicy and all the Toppings Really compliment the burgers. The Grilled Shrimp Tacos were awesome as well.. the three sauces that came with them really balanced well with the shrimp. Can't wait to come again!I visited July 5, 2013.. Lunchtime.. FYI.
3	Catching up on some old reviews.  I visited the Mesa Grill with the S.O. on May 2nd.  I love chile rellanos when they're done right, and I thought to myself, "who better to make a kickin' chile rellano than Bobby Flay?"  So imagine my disappointment when my cornmeal crusted chile rellano had a dense, flabby crust that teetered on the edge of gross.  I'm not usually a sender-backer, but I made an exception here.  The S.O. had the coffee rubbed filet mignon, which I will say was cooked perfectly.  But if you're a person who likes subtle flavorings that allow the natural deliciousness of the protein to shine through, this is not the place for you.  The coffee rub was about as subtle as a smack with a two-by-four.  For the hefty price, meh.
3	I came here because I had a $50 voucher to dine at a restaurant in Cesar's palace, and I was familiar with Bobby Flay through his tv appearances though I had never been to one of his restaurant concepts. Here is the basic overview:Service was not great, and in some moments outright poor.Ambiance was nice, but extremely loud and crowded.Prices were out of this world.Food and drinks were good.We walked in on a busy Thursday night looking for a table for three-- I did not think to make a reservation, which I now know I should have.  Our wait was to be 45 mins unless we could find something at the bar. No problem, we only had to wait about 5 mins to get a banquet.  However, once we were seated,  we did not see our server/cocktail waitress for at least 10 mins.  She finally dropped menus and didn't return again for a while.  This was odd to me because it didn't seem like she would have been responsible for a lot of tables unless she was assigned a section outside of the bar as well, which seems like a poor decision because my party felt neglected-- compounding that with the number of loud men drinking around us it made for a rather uncomfortable environment.  A party member approached the bartender ( who happened to have a number of empty stools in front of him) to inquire about our server and purchasing a drink, but unfortunately he was quite rude and dismissive-- he did not offer to serve her a cocktail and told her "go sit down the server will get there when she can."  Hardly the type of response I would expect from a place where I would be paying $40 an entree.  Wow.When our server came over she took our orders with no questions, and was helpful in that she knew the vouchers we were using-- she was clearly familiar with the promotion, which was nice.  Despite the bartender's rudeness, he poured a very good martini.  The food too was lovely.  The side asparagus and corn were fresh and flavorful!  I also loved the ahi in the ahi tartare and the chicken from the skewers was excellently flavored!!  I don't regret the food, but overall the experience was not what I would have hoped for especially for the money.  I might return to the New York location with a reservation... But I'm not sure that I would be so thrilled about dropping a minimum of $50 a person for food that ultimately wasn't very filling (we split 5 apps and sides and ended up needing to get something else an hour later).  Perhaps it would be different at a table? Definitely plan ahead for this dining experience.
5	One of Bobby Flay's places.BONE IN RIB EYEDelicious fatty and marbled steak. We ordered it medium rare but it came out more rare than medium...making me extremely happy.CIOPPINOSo very good. I thought the green chile sauce was phenomenal. We finished every bite. The mussels are a bit small, but very tasty nonetheless. The shrimp is amazing, and the linguistini was also delicious.HOT SAUCEWe asked for hot sauce and they brought out two kinds. The red one was just ok, a little smoky, but that's it. The green one has the perfect kick of spice, not too much that it kills the taste of the steak/seafood, but just enough to make a little zing. HEFEWEIZENThe one we got didn't taste like a hefeweizen, but it was still good nonetheless. They come in huge glasses so drink up!IPA My friend got the IPA and really liked it. I didn't get to try it, but it's a nice big tall glass of beer.
4	I ordered the rabbit, which was cooked really well. I like the couscous that came with it. Very tasty. You have to get thw roast corn side dish. It was my favorite.  We also had a lobster taco appetizer, which were mini tacos, but thw flavor was good.
4	A solid 4 star....Terrific environment and energy level. Service was quite good right from the hostess through the busser. Although our waiter may have been rushing us  alittle ? Really not a big deal. The highlights at our table included : glazed ribeye, coffee rub filet and the squash blossoms were divine. Not as great was the goat cheese queso fundito ( we love goat cheese and found it bland. ) and the lobster tacos were too small to deliver any discernable flavor. The cactus blossom marguerita was fun and tasty.Made a reservation for 4 Saturday afternoon and got right in at 7pm.We were staying there at Caesars in July 2013.Overall... the food is fun, bright, good portions and delivers what they advertise and believe in...As for price...expect $100 per person with drinks, apps and entree.We feel by Vegas standards MESA  delivered more for the  money than many other dining choices you could make and we'll be back!
5	Bobby Flay just doesn't disappoint. This was my 3rd of his restaurants I've been too and it's right on par with the others. I love Mexican and his take on it was delicious. Great atmosphere and decor. Must go.
3	i expected more from bobby.  :(  i'm a brunch lover, and when i saw the brunch items available on his menu, i was excited to eat.  i got the chilaquiles, and my bf got the spicy chicken & sweet potato hash.firstly, the great part - his sauces are DELISH.  the chilaquiles were NOT chilaquiles.  too deconstructed.  sort of made it hard to eat and ruined it more me.  it was two blue corn tostadas with melted cheese between them and the eggs on top.  this is like a cross between chilaquiles and huevos rancheros (which i never order because i hate the tostada).  it was smothered in a wonderfully tasty green chile tomatillo sauce - YUM.  but ultimately not brunchy enough for me.  it was too serious.  i don't know.  i've had better.  it was hard to eat.  the tostadas get soggy under the sauce and are hard to cut.the boyfriends dish was FAR too rich for brunch - or almost any other meal.  i wouldn't have been able to eat it.  the flavors were good, but it was SO rich.  it had this green chile hollandaise on it, which is what sold the dish to us, but man o man, it was just so RICH.  and i LOVE me some eggs benny.  LOVE it.  this was too much.i don't know - after seeing some of the amazing dishes bobby's made on tv, it was just expecting more?  it's hard to put my finger on it......  just ugh.  disappointed.
5	To update my last review- I have been back here twice since my last review and both times the food and service have exceeded my expectations.Of course had the Ahi, cuz that's amazing, we tried the BBQ Duck app,good- and the romaine Cesar style salad which was so fricking good we had it twice and for entrees I did the coffee rubbed filet and BF got chop and the side of corn- everything was beyond perfect. So we are moving up to a 5 star after 2 perfect meals, food and service.
4	Stopped in for brunch to give food network some love and had a good meal. 3.6 starsFood: 4, atmosphere: 3.5, service: 2.5Cost to worth it rating:  3 (most brunch entrees around $16)Return worthiness: maybeHighlights: - Egg tostada: liked this a lot mainly because of the ancho chili sauce. It was smokey, dark, and sweet. Love that the eggs were just lightly scrambled and airy. Also enjoyed the crispy fried tortilla on the bottom and dug that the layer of white cheddar lined the tortilla instead of traditionally being draped on the top. Was a huge portion however. I feel like they used 8 eggs just for the one dish!Midlights:- Bread: just ok. I didn't think the corn muffin had much flavor. I liked blueberry coffee cake square the best - Pork sandwich: expected more bold flavors from the pork itself but the crispy panini bread was very goodLowlights:- Service: not very attentive--had to wait a while for our order to be taken Liked my brunch dish and would consider coming back.
5	I didn't know this was an Bobby restaurant until I was here - and it didn't disappoint.  The bread was great, and the server recommended the goat cheese appetizer.  I'm not a huge fan, but on the suggestion, I let my wife convince me otherwise.  She barely got to eat any of it!  For my meal, I had a pork tenderloin with some amazing sweet sauce on it - I ate it so fast, I don't remember what was in it.  Will definitely be back, especially since I consumed too much alcohol at the craps tables later that night and didn't get a chance to finish digesting!
5	This is the first time I have ever dined in a Bobby Flay restaurant and went there with a party of 8 for Brunch.  Sum it up in 1 word:  INCREDIBLE.I ordered the Spicy Bloody Mary, perfection.  Probably the best Bloody Mary I have ever had, it was perfect and not overpowering.  I ordered the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido.  The queso fundido was so good, but I did notice the chips were stale, not crunchy at all, so that was a bit disappointing.  I was going to mention it, but the other people at my table devoured the queso fundido without the chips, so I just left it as is.  We also ordered the Burrata and Grilled Radiccho and that was perfect.For entrees the table had different ones so we could all taste.  I ordered the Blue Corn Crusted Halibut and it was so delicate and the flavors were so wonderful, I loved it.  I also tasted the Eggs Tostada and Spicy Scrambled Eggs which were also delish with the Cheesy Grits.I asked the waiter to help me select a dessert and he suggested the Sticky Toffee pudding, which I was not too convinced.  He said I would not be disappointed and he was right.  It was the crowned jewel of my meal.  It was so perfect and amazing.All in all a fantastic meal.  Bravo.  I have been a fan of Bobby Flay since that Food Network show he had where he cooked for a group of friends and he had a female side kick, this was maybe about 20 years ago.  I waited a long time to eat at one of his restaurants and it did not disappoint.  It was really and incredible experience.
4	The lamb was cooked perfectly I just didn't feel the composition of flavors was as good on my dish as the others at the table. Th tiger shrimp tamale appetizer, ribeye, blue corn halibut and salmon were very delicious.
5	As good as it gets on the strip.  The food, as you would expect, very solid. Lobster tacos were the best ever.  Steak cooked to perfection.  The atmosphere is top notch as well and the staff treat you like royalty.  It can be tough to get a reservation so be sure to book in advance of your trip.
3	We came here for lunch since a friend had good experiences here in the past. Service was great and our waiter was funny and helpful with the menu items. 'Oh, there's something you should know' was the comment after each of us told him what we wanted to order, which helped make sure there were no surprises when we got our food :). The complimentary bread basket they serve is one of the best yet, with a great variety of breads both sweet and savory, and softened butter to go with! My greatest pet peeve at restaurants is when they give you rock hard butter for your bread, how are you supposed to use that thing?! I ordered the bbq lamb cobb salad, which was just decent. The lamb was done very well and was very tender, and the bacon slices were tasty, but nothing about it was spectacular about it. They didn't seem to have the dishes that my friend had tried before during their brunch menu, so perhaps I need to come for dinner some time instead. For a first impression though, it was just ok.
2	Went for dinner last night, ordered the bone in rib eye, was OK however, the side dishes are certainly something you should pass on, had the asparagus, 5 strips of asparagus, seriously? $12 bucks for 5 asparagus smothered with cheese, the twice baked potato was a joke, overcooked and dry spinach was so so.Service was OK, this place used to be about the food, now I think its all about the money, so many better choices out there.Dear Bobby, please visit your restaurant and taste the food for yourself.yes the bread basket is good if you like olive loaf and Jalapenos in your bread, we didn't
4	Went here last weekend for my birthday dinner- the chicken quesadilla and duck tacos with blue corn tortillas were good. The lime margarita tasted like pure lime, but the cactus pear margarita was very good.
5	My first 5 star review. Thank you Bobby Flay for giving a vegetarian a wonderful dish that isn't a cop- out veggie burrito!   So I went to Mesa Grill for  dinner. I had a bean salad and the chile relleno. The salad was very good, had some crunchiness to it.  Loved it!  The chile relleno was the best I've had.  Ever. Stuffed with manchego cheese, and with a crunchy cornmeal crust. And like, a sauce that was ridiculous and wonderful at the same time.  Our waitress was so good: great suggestions, very professional, and personable too. My friends had steak medium rare and loved it, and the fish (she said that it wasn't anything to writer home about).  Ambience was great, prices only a little steep for what we got. Oh, I almost forgot, the bread basket was SO good. Eat here!  You will not regret it!
5	Favorite brunch in Vegas! Bobby Flay always has amazing and innovative food creations, great cocktails, all in fun atmosphere.  My cactus pear margarita was delicious and strong.  The free jalapeno muffins and brunch bread basket was a nice touch and really unique flavors.  We tried the the tuna tartar with mango and chips as an appetizer.  The chili relleno had an amazing filling with eggplant, cheese, and other veggies.  The bf had a huge swordfish sandwich that he loved.  We were impressed and stuffed.  This is a huge location in Cesar's Palace .  Attentive and pleasant service and delicious food.  Definitely add it to your Vegas culinary adventures list!
2	Let's just say we had high expectations and were seriously let down. I've heard the dinner there is great but we decided to go on a Sunday for lunch. Unfortunately the menu posted at the door was very misleading. Both a brunch and lunch menu were posted. So we assumed both were being offered. Since the lunch menu looked very appetizing we decided to stay and enjoy. However, once we were sat it was revealed to us that Mesa Grill was ONLY serving brunch (it was 2:00 PM) and would not offer us lunch. WHAT?!?! No exceptions! Since they would not budge on this rule we found it to be very rude. Especially since we were willing to pay. Needless to say we were very disappointed, 3:00 pm was only 40 minutes away for them to serve lunch. The only good thing out of the meal were the margarita peach and pear cactus drinks and goat cheese queso fundido dip (though the chips were VERY stale). On top of everything else I selected the Blue Corn Crusted Halibut only to be told later that they were totally out of the fish. They must have had a slamming breakfast to be totally out. I ended up ordering the Eggs + Aged Striploin Tortilla, thinking it would be just as good. I was wrong, the order came out VERY cold with very little taste. I couldn't hardly eat 1/2 of my dish and honestly the only plate that was halfway appetizing out of the 3 of us at our table was the Lamb Cobb Salad, which you could barely screw up since it was a salad.I must say Bobby Flay - if this was my restaurant I would pay special attention to menu times being offered for lunch & brunch as well as food being offered on the menu versus what's being delivered out of the kitchen. The chefs were not on their "A" game and the food was not what we expected. Honestly I would have had better quality at the breakfast buffet at the casino.
4	Like a lot of other people, I discovered this place by watching the Best Thing I Ever Ate on the Food Network. As a Latina, I'm kind of a tamale snob so when I saw this on TV, I had to try it. I walked in heels to Caesar's Palace from Treasure Island, and of course showed up with bloody, blistered feet. However, the tamale was so good that it entirely made up for it. And my waiter brought me a bandaid. God bless him!
5	Absolutely wonderful! I've been to Mesa Grill before, it always is delish! As an appetizer i had the TIGER SHRIMP + ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE * Corn - Cilantro Sauce. Then for an entree, NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN * Bourbon - Ancho Chile Sauce Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan Butter. It was divine!!! It was cooked perfectly and the sauce was spicy, just like I like it! For dessert, I had the coconut layer cake - YUMMY! I will def be going back!
2	I dined at the bar during my stay here at Caesar's. I had to wait for just a few minutes for a seat to open. I got their white peach margarita to start. The margarita was made strong and well. I couldn't taste the white peach but it was very good nonetheless.I ordered my appetizer and entree based on the recommendation of the bartender. The blue corn pancake with duck for appetizer and the ancho chile honey glazed salmon for entree. The blue corn pancake was more like a crepe which paired perfectly with the BBQ duck. This dish was very good! The salmon was cooked well but unfortunately it was too salty to eat. The first few bites were delicious - smokey flavors with a sweetness - but once I was working towards the middle of the filet, it became just salt. Then I found a big bone in my salmon as well. I left the rest of the fish untouched - at this point, it was inedible.I rarely send back a plate and I did not send it back this time either. The bartender noticed and asked so I told him what was wrong with the dish. He offered the kitchen to remake it for me, which I appreciated, but it was late and I was already thrown off by the dish.I was disappointed by my experience with the entree at Mesa. I wished it was edible.
5	DAMN! This food was good...We started with zucchini blossoms which I believe were stuffed with goat cheese and maybe corn?? Served with a mango sauce. Fantastic.My main was a seasoned tuna steak, served rare over the most delicious toasted couscous I've ever eaten. My co-diners had the blue corn crusted halibut which was outrageous and the pork medallions which were seasoned with ancho chilis and southwestern spices - also delicious. We of course had the roasted corn side which you must have.The margaritas are custom crafted, delicious. The only negative is that the restaurant gets quite loud but we had a great table and great servers.
5	Lobster tacos and shrimp tamale are a good way to start off a fab meal.  The collard greens are to die for.  Ribeye steaks and even the burger @ lunch are crazy good.  The Pork Medallions are so tender and delish.  I have not had a bad meal in this restaurant and I have been many times.  Bobby Flay does it right.
5	The ahi tuna over cous cous is one of the best meals I've had here in Vegas! Sweet and savory combined. The bread here is delicious, too. Chocolate pudding dessert is AMAZING. Definitely going back!
1	Food was OK at best, service was horrible!!!! A few minutes after we were seated the waiter came over and asked if we wanted drinks we said no because we had just had a few while in the casino and wanted to enjoy our meal...he then really pushed the margarita menu and walked away annoyed that we didn't want one.  A few minutes later he came back and asked what we would like to order, I had a few questions about the menu items and once again he was annoyed. My husband ordered the pork tenderloin and I the smoked chicken quesadilla, I asked if I could get some lettuce with my quesadilla and he looked and me and sharply said "NO"!!!  I asked if I could have my quesadilla easy on the black beans and he said no the beans are already "pre-pasted" at that point I wanted to change my order but worried if I did he would spit in my food! We also ordered the corn with cotija cheese. SERIOUSLY no more that 7 minutes after we ordered our meal was delivered to our table, great if you are at casual eatery but the look and feel of our meal was VERY manufactured. My husband said the first few bites of his tenderloin were good and then the heavily salted and spiced taste got old. My quesadilla was slightly burnt on the bottom but was edible. The corn was sooo salty we had to send it back and we never send food back, but we thought since our waiter was being such a jerk...why not. We exchanged the corn for the asparagus and that was much better. We ate fast an just wanted to get out of the restaurant! It is literally the WORST dining experience we have ever had in Las Vegas
1	Wine selection docent exist unless you buy their overpriced spanish wine. No Cabernets or good California Whites available. Food is WAY OVERPRICED for what you get. Small portions and very expensive. I don't mind dropping a few hundred on dinner but at this place after I ate I felt like I was given the once over by a staff of used car salesman. Being local I know there are hundreds of better places to eat for the money. A real shame I used to like this place a lot.
5	I had dinner this evening with my family at the Mesa Grill, celebrity chef Bobby Flay's restaurant at  Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. I had made reservations on Open Table prior to coming to town, but was running late because the traffic on Las Vegas Boulevard was pretty bad. After I pulled into the Coliseum Valet (which is free, by the way), I told the attendant that I was running late. He pointed out to me where the restaurant is located (it was my first time) and told me that he would call the restaurant to let them know that I was coming. Much appreciated! It was an early dinner reservation, even though I was late, and the restaurant was about half full when we arrived. By the time dinner ended, however, it seemed like the whole restaurant was full. We had lamb porterhouse chops served with two sauces (preserved serrano sauce and mint chimichurri) and a blue corn tamale, coffee rubbed filet mignon with roasted corn, black angus new york steak strip with mashed potatoes, and baby romaine salad with roasted garlic dressing and hominy croutons (how unique). Every single entree was cooked perfectly, and each bite was delicious from beginning to end. The service at the restaurant was top-notch. We were promptly seated when we arrived (we had reservations), our orders were taken quickly, and our food was delivered to our table within 10 minutes of ordering. Our waitress Brenda was wonderful, and all of our servers were very attentive. As we left the restaurant, we were greeted by at least half a dozen staff members. The food was bit pricey, but well worth the culinary experience. My family and I don't come to Vegas often, but I felt that since we were here, we might as well indulge a bit and enjoy ourselves--we certainly did that at Mesa Grill.
5	Normally I don't like to go to famous restaurant . Coz I have never experience such good service and good food.But this time was different..Two thumbs up!Service was Great and food was excellent for me.
2	I ate there for lunch and when I ordered the burger it came in five minutes.   On the way out saw the cook warming some pre cooked burgers on the grill.  If I wanted a pre cooked burger I could of just gone to McDonalds and it wouldn't have cost me 16 bucks,  I expected better.
5	Green chile burger was delicious at lunch.  The appetizer was very good as well.  Service was good. We had no complaints.
4	It's all about the spice-rubbed pork loin.  For most celebrity restaurants it's been hit or miss for me, but with one dish Mr. Flay's Mesa Grill exceeded all my expectations.  Not only was it by far the best example of pork loin I've ever had but proved enough justification for my girlfriend to declare that she'd chosen poorly (like the Nazi treasure hunter in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade).  Not to demean her choice of meal options, but when you've found the one, the one thing you know in heaven or on Earth that'll complete you--be it a Indy-quoting twenty-year-old or a succulent cut of pork--you truly shouldn't accept any substitutes.
5	Amazing!  I went twice in 2 weeks.
4	White peach margaritas...need I say more?  Some friends and I enjoyed cocktails and appetizers at the bar prior to our group dinner at Empress Court.  Wish we could have just stayed and eaten dinner at Mesa Grill instead!  Super friendly bartenders too!
3	MEEEEHHHHH. I mean, the tamales were awesome! The interior is beautiful, and we loved their spiced rubbed pork tenderloins. The other dishes weren't as flavor packed as you'd think. I went with the mango + spice tuna steak.The tuna was outstanding. Perfectly seared and it had a very fresh taste to it. The seasoning was so-so, but the cous cous was delicious!The dessert was a bit of a let-down. The churros were splashed with solid cinnamon but way too much herb. Felt like I was eating a root. Arriving here without a reservation will disappoint you, BUT if you just put your name down on the list; you may get a call sooner than you'd expect. We luckily had a reservation, however a walk-in group were seated right after us despite the host turning others away.
1	First off, the service was great.  Absolutely zero problems there.  But the reason I am writing this review is because the food ended up waking me up this morning, not in a good way.  I ordered the fish and it was good while in the restaurant.  I did not have any alcohol or dessert or anything else after dinner, since I have an early flight out and wanted a light dinner.  So much for my uneventful night.  It is a real disappointment, especially since I really enjoy southwest cuisine.
5	I really can not say enough about Mesa Grill.  I wish I could eat here all the time.  I am so glad that I don't live in Vegas because I would go broke.  Not from gambling but from going to the Mesa Grill and eating everything on the menu multiple times.  We have heard good things about the restaurant so I took my husband here for his birthday.  The staff was amazing!  Our waiter was the best ever, he was nice and helpful and knowledgeable.  My husband had the Lamb Chops, they were very good.  I however ordered the most fabulous thing on the menu, the Pork Tenderloin.  It was spicy and the sauces were perfect, the meat juicy and cooked just right.  The tamale that came with my dish was a sweet potato.  I don't like sweet potato so they gave me a jalapeno one instead, and this was also great.  For dessert we shared a banana cream pie.  It was delicious as well, sweet but not too sweet.  The restaurant itself is large and you can somewhat watch the kitchen.  The grilling area is right out front for people to watch and as we left we heard the cooks asking someone watching them if they had any questions.  I thought that was great that they encouraged people to ask about what they were doing.  This entire experience was one of the best dining experiences I have had.  The pork tenderloin was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Not kidding.
5	Bf and I ate here on a Friday night. We had reservations at 10 pm and were both STARVING after a long drive from LA. We were seated promptly, and our waiter came and took our drink orders. After that, a bread basket came out pretty quickly- all the breads were delicious!  Because we were starving, we cleaned out the breads before our food came out. For appetizers, we ordered the shrimp with roasted garlic corn tamale, as well as the blue corn pancake with barbecued duck. Both were delicious!  For entrees, I had fish, and my bf had the pork tenderloin. We also ordered sides of corn (omg!!) and baked potato. We were both very happy with our entrees, but between the two, I think I enjoyed my bf's pork tenderloin a tad more.  And if we come back, I'm definitely getting the corn again!All in all, it was a great meal!  Check it out- you won't be disappointed!
2	My experience started out really nice. The restaurant is beautiful and has a great feel to it. Great service at first, tortilla soup was delicious. As the night went on it felt like our waiter was forgetting about us. The service got really slow and we waited nearly an hour for our entrees. I had the lobster tacos and they were delicious. I tasted the grilled chicken and it was not good at all. For dessert we had the blueberry cobbler with ice cream. The ice cream was melted and it just all around wasn't very good. We were there for over 2 hours not by our own choice. Some food was great some was not so good but ultimately the service is what ruined it for me, especially since it started off strong. I probably wouldn't come back.
5	Yes, it's famous. Yes, Bobby Flay is a celebrity chef and could open up a McDonald's in the ghetto and people would line up in droves - but luckily, that's not the case with Mesa. The food here is fantastic. The portions are large, and it's reasonably priced for Vegas standards. We came here on a Saturday night after a show, and even at 9:30 PM, our reservation saved us a pretty long wait. Started with the tiger shrimp and had the lamb porterhouse chops for the main event. The wife got pork tenderloin and loved it even though she hardly ever orders meat. The lamb was also very tasty with a serrano sauce that gave it a kick that one would expect from Bobby Flay. Overall a great meal in a great atmosphere for a good price. There a lot of options for famous chefs' restaurants in Vegas, but Bobby Flay has got a great thing going at Mesa, and for my money, it's well worth the trip and a must try.
5	Okay, so I understand that Bobby Flay is the owner and creator of this restaurant, and that's not the reason for my 5 star rating.Mesa has the most amazing service I've ever experienced at any restaurant, EVER! The servers work together as a team. It's not just one single server to your table, we had different staff refilling drinks, changing out utensils and asking if there was anything we had needed.With that said, the food was amazing! I had ordered the chef special, which was 30$ or a three course meal! What a steal! And 5$ was donated to helping the hungry in Las Vegas... What a great cause. My meal included: for my starter, the raw tuna 'nachos' (amazing) the main course, a blue corn tortilla crusted halibut (so flakey and buttery) and for dessert a hands down best cake I've ever had, coconut cream 4 layer cake!Epic meal! I'd come back every time I visit Vegas.
4	Another restaurant where I celebrated my birthday. Located across from Pure inside Caesar's Palace. It's a very colorful place and Bobby Flay's dishes are just as colorful and beautifully plated.Rough Cut Tuna Nachos:Mango puree,  habanero hot sauce and avocado crema. Sweetness of the mango + spicy hot sauce + creamy avocado. Mmmmm...4.5/5Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: I've been having a hard time finding good tamales in Vegas.  This is an interesting version. Perfectly cooked shrimps with a hint of garlic. 4/5Goat Cheese Queso Fundido:Comes with blue corn chips. I love goat cheese. This queso fundido had the right amount of ooey-gooey cheesey goodness. We finished this in a few minutes. 4.5/5Yucatan Style Grouper with Blue Crab Succotash Sauce:Nothing really exciting going on with this dish. 3/5Mesa Burger with Southwestern Home Fries:Good and well-seasoned burger.  It has double cheddar cheese, tomatoes and caramelized onions. The fries were crisp and flavorful and comes with a horseradish mustard. 4/5Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon: Comes with spicy black bean  sauce and roasted jalapeno crema. Not the prettiest piece of salmon I've seen, ours looked like it was burnt. 3/5Mango Buttermilk Upside Down Cake: Comes with rum caramel sauce and mango ice cream.  The cake itself was yummy then add mango ice cream? Sweet! 5/5Deep Dish Banana Cream Pie:Cream and sliced bananas with praline wafer and hazelnut brittle on top. It was alright. 3/5Mexican Chocolate Pudding:Comes with gingersnap crumble.  Yuck and I mean, YUCK! This would have been a sure-hit for chocoholics like me if it wasn't for the gingersnap crumble and all the spices they added to the chocolate.  It was just too much. 1/5
3	I'm not gonna go crazy with this review. I had a cheeseburger and fries to go. It was good. It filled me up. It did its job. I didn't want to short change Mesa just because I didn't dine inside.
4	Had lunch here, really good. Waiters are responsive, but were lacking on refiling my drinks. Overall food is delicious and would definitely come back to try dinner.
4	I LOVED the food! Came here for my 6 year anniversary dinner with my lover boy and we were very satisfied! The Tiger Shrimp Tamale is TO DIE FOR! Portions are a tad bit small but the taste is amazing! It is very busy and the table we were sat was a 2 seater which is always annoying to me but we actually ended up having a nice conversation with the people next to us who actually recommended we try the tiger shrimp tamale and we were glad we listened.
5	Bobby Flay, you have done it for us time and time again.I have been here more than 5 times and it has been delicious over and over again. It's like an anti-drug. Lol. Anyway, the food was so delectable!!!  Where do I even start?The pricing is also not that bad too, for some good Tex Mex. :)
5	Can I just say that Bobby Flay is a genius?! Bobby, how do you manage to play with Southwestern flavors so naturally and creatively, elevate it to gourmet level, and yet maintain its authentic homey quality? He is the most down-to-earth of all the talented celebrity chefs, and you can feel it in his food. The restaurant is another story... It's wonderfully trendy and fun, very colorful. The ambience feels more like a fancy bar, but I love it. We came here to start a night that ended at PURE; a really good way to start your night, it has a great energy.If you're in Vegas and thinking of trying this place, stop thinking and just eat here!We came without reservations on a busy Friday night. The wait was very long, but they were accommodating and offered to serve us in the bar area. The bar tables are pretty small, and could barely fit our party of four. But the food made up for everything. This is a small restaurant ladies and gentlemen, and it gets PACKED! So please, do yourselves a favor and make a RESERVATION. I had the ancho-chile marinated salmon, and the cilantro mashed potatoes. The red-sauce basted salmon came plated atop a green tomatillo sauce and a black bean sauce. Did I mention i love sauces?! Everything was very flavorful, which makes me happy, but all well-balanced. The cilantro mashed potatoes were my FAV, I'm a big fan of cilantro. The best part....wait for it...all the recipes are available on the food network website, so you can make Bobby's dishes at home! I'm not sure if they will come out as good, though. I will be making this salmon (with the sauces) at home.Price: $42 plus tax and tip for the salmon and mashed potatoes. A bit pricey, but well worth it.BOTTOM LINE: Brilliant use of southwestern flavors, amazing food. It's a bit pricey, but worth it. Splurge a little, give it a try, I guarantee you won't regret it. Don't forget to make a reservation.
5	Restaurant Week "Best Lunch" Winner!Had a very enjoyable lunch here..all for a steal of $30??  This was a must-stop for me, just reading the menu offered...and I am happy to say that the food exceeded my high expectations!Starting off with the complimentary bread basket...the corn muffin was very good!  The others were also tasty and eaten up by Little Foodie!For app, the Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale ($18): Corn and Cilantro Sauce. This was highly recommended for good reason...This was perfect lol!  Very large, sweet and tender shrimps, very fluffy, tasty corn tamale with a mouthwatering cilantro sauce! Noms :DOf course, I went with the Burger for entree!  Green Chile Burger ($16): Queso Sauce, Roasted Poblanos, Pickled Red Onions and Southwestern Fries. VERY good burger...juicy, and packed with flavor from the roasted peppers and onions. The fries were great, with a slightly salty spicy taste. Worth it!  One of the better priced options on the strip that packs a punch!To finish, Caramel Chocolate Pudding ($11): Malted Whipped Cream. This was good but not amazing...wish it would have finished the meal off strong! The candy bar bits on top were nice to mix together though.Service was great, prices were fair but a steal for RW menu!  I did have to put down a credit card for my reservation via Opentable for the first time though...not a big deal to me, just keep it in mind.  Put it on your to-do list :PPics!  :
5	You get what you pay for at the Mesa Grill, and that's a good thing with the prices.  But it is worth it.  Every time I go to Vegas I make sure to eat at least one dinner at the Mesa Grill.  My go-to dish is the coffee rubbed filet mignon.  As usual, it was perfectly prepared and was so tender you could cut it with a fork. The seasoning was also perfectly applied.  I have his cook book and can approximate the seasoning, but it isnt as good as the real thing.  I had the roasted corn as a side dish for the first time and I could have eaten it as a meal in itself.  It was delicious.  Working my way backwards, I had the blue corn pancake as an appetizer.  The duck was delicious in the chili sauce, I only wish it was a little bigger.  Overall, it was a great meal.  I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Finishing up a business trip we went to Mesa Grill as this is on our list of must try places. We ended up getting just appetizers, which watching other people seems everybody that was there did. We got the Tiger Shrimp Tamale - Simply amazing. I know everyone says that, but it really was. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, which is a rarity. I don't know what else to say.Second we got the Pancake with duck, which also comes so highly recommended. It too was delicious, we ranked it second behind the Tamale, but was still amazing. Third, we got the stuffed squash blossoms. Really good, not something I would normally order, and indeed it ranked 3rd of the three.Overall, the food we enjoyed was incredible... but $60 for 3 small appetizers, we probably would not go back just due to budgetary constraints.
5	We made a reservation for 7pm on a Tuesday night.  They require a credit card for any reservation.  No big deal. Do it and it will save you a lot of time.  I am a gluten free girl and let me say I was able to select about 90 percent of menu items!!  There is something to be said about high quality FRESH food :). Between the four in our party we each ordered something different and had a variety of options.  The tiger shrimp tamale was excellent and I highly recommend it. My hubby had the tortilla soup, it was more like a tomato soup however it was full of flavor with a traditional Bobby Flay kick at the end.  My friend had the bbq duck taco and loved it.  For drinks the ladies had fresh margaritas, I loved the selection of tequilas as the had my favorite available Gran Centenario blanco.  The gents had beer of course IPA and loved it.  Main courses included the 20 oz rib eye, which was plenty to share.  Score!!  It was cooked to perfection and had a couple of sauces that accompanied it.  The cioppino was served with what taste like cilantro lime base a huge prawn and cooked to perfection scallop, along with halibut, mussels, and clams.  The portion sizes are perfect. I could not finish my soup after stealing some rib eye and twice baked potato.  Over all we completely enjoyed our dinner. The staff was fantastic and accommodated my gluten allergy which exceeded my expectations!!  Great job Bobby, the only negative was that Bobby was not there the night we visited :( but apparently was due anytime for a visit so we were hopeful. :) next time Bobby, next time!!!!
5	BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER EATEN!!!! We also had the quesadilla as an appetizer and the guacamole relish on top is awesome!
5	My buddy and I were looking for lunch and chose MESA over Gordon Ramsey Burger. We were not disappointed. The service was great. All servers answered all of our questions and catered to our requests (IE. sauce on the side) with a smile. Both the agave margarita and the ice tea were great. Being from Texas I expected a bigger margarita, but it was very good. The ICED TEA IS VERY GOOD TEXANS.     Free bread basket 2 different breads and a blue corn muffin. That was an unexpected bonus.     For entrees we ordered a green chile cheeseburger and a regular burger, both with fries. Perfect medium, great buns, well seasoned, juicy. These burgers were big enough that no dessert was needed.     If you are looking to try out an "iron chef's" restaurant, at a good price, YOU CANT GO WRONG HERE @ LUNCH.
2	Very disappointing! There are a lot (and I do mean A LOT) of excellent places to eat in Vegas for the similar price. The food was mediocre at best. Not worth the price. The shrimp appetizer was the only good thing we had.
4	My friends and I came here for a birthday lunch get together and the service was wonderful. I ordered the tamales which was overpriced but it is from a restaurant so understandable. It was mediocre but the salmon I ordered was delicious !!! My other friends who ordered the burgers were less impressed so I was very happy with my choice. Not to much to choose from the menu for lunch so I recommend coming here for dinner instead.
4	My love for Bobby Flay is validated. Great food, great service. I had a margarita. It was one of the best I have ever had. I also had the Mesa burger and the caramel chocolate pudding. I didn't want to eat the entire burger but I couldn't stop myself. I would have licked the bowl with pudding, but I don't really believe what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. I wish I had more time here and a bigger capacity for food.
5	Obviously the restaurant is going to be good as everyone knows its Bobby Flay's baby.  But I was blown away just by how large and complex the flavors were.  The Tuna rough cut nacho's were absolutely amazing.  The cous cous that was served with the rabbit was probably the best things I've ever tasted.  Not a large selection in regards to beer and whiskey, but very excellent simple options.  Would highly recommend.
5	Visited Mesa recently and was nicely suprised. We came without reservations so we had to wait about 30 minutes but when we got to the table the service was amazing and the food was awsome! I order the Cioppino with green sauce and that thing will always remain in my brain! how good that was. They were serving soem rolls with Jalapeno and they tasted great I want more. I have been to ther celebrity chef restaurants paid a lot and been dissapointed (read Mario B.) but Bobby really delivered with this one! Son had the lobster Tacos, tiny but good.
4	We came here after having Ramsay's Steak at Paris. That might have been our first mistake. We walked in on a Tuesday night at around 9:00 and they told us it would be 45 minutes. So we moseyed on over to Ramsay Pub and Grill and had a beer. We went back for our table and were seating in about 5 minutes. The first thing I noticed was that the waiters- all of them- were men in their 40's or 50's. Seriously. Such a lack of diversity is bizarre. Doesn't seem like a coincidence. Our server was nice, but not very helpful. We got the usual that everyone else on Yelp orders: tuna nachos, shrimp tamale and pork tenderloin. The food was all delicious, but not "spectacular" and I wanted it to knock my socks off. Maybe since we had Ramsay's the night before, my expectations were too high? Hubby had a margarita, that was probably the most exciting part of the meal. I would like to come back and try lunch or brunch, as I saw some interesting items on the menu, plus not too many celebrity chef's restaurants do lunch.
5	I've been to Vegas about 10 times in the past few years for work. This place is TOP of my list for at LEAST one meal per trip. I must say the jalapeno bread is worth an extra piece to begin your meal. For appetizers you can't go wrong with Blue Corn Lobster Tacos to start OR Goat Cheese Queso Fundido which will BLOW YOU AWAY! I also order the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin which gives you 3 BIG Pork Medallions with an Ancho Chile Sauce and Sweet Potato Tamale! TRUST ME this WILL fill you up! I always order extra Tamale and you HAVE to have the Roasted CornCotija, Cilantro, Lime & Smoked Chile Aioli. BEYOND WORDS! The wine list is extensive and the staff is excellent. If you get the chance have some dessert, be sure to split it with the table as you will fill up quickly on the apps and entrees, and always go with the coffee and zambuca to settle the stomach before you leave! This is LIGHT YEARS ahead of the New York location!
1	Good food at Mesa but bad experience, totally unexpected from a restaurant owned by one of my favorite tv chefs - Bobby Flay. When our food arrived, the plate had a big hair on it, I immediately brought it to the attention of the server and the manager who got my food to the table, they took it back and immediately got one back, just by removing the hair, when I asked them why did they get the same plate, they lied and said they made a different one, it was impossible, first of all I had to wait for a good 20 mins before they got my entree out so there was no way they would do another one in seconds, secondly I was sitting very close to the kitchen and saw it with my own eyes that it was the same plate. I decided not to contradict as I had my 3 yr old around, we barely ate, paid the check and walked out, they did not compensate the dish, neither did they apologize. So not done....not going back.
5	I recently had brunch at Mesa Grill, with three girlfriends (four moms with college age kids).  We had a reservation for 11:30 and arrived a bit early, no problem we were seated early at a lovely table.  Now, we knew the food was going to be great...but what struck me most was the attention to detail and the impeccable service.   For example, one of my friends does not like ice in her water, the server noticed and every time her glass was refilled they used a pitcher of water with no ice.  We all shared the shrimp tamale as an appetizer, we were each brought a nice plate and after we finished, we all received clean silverware.  Another item, some of the party sitting next to us were wearing black pants and the server switched out their white linen napkins for black ones.  Now you may not think that is such a big deal until you get up from the table with white lint sticking to your black pants.As for the food, everything we ordered was perfectly prepared, flavorful and beautiful.  The shrimp,tamale is not to be missed, the shrimp was perfectly cooked, moist with a nice snap to it.  I had the spicy scrambled eggs served with apricot glazed ham.  The eggs were fluffy, the goat cheese tart and let's not even talk about how good the ham was.I was impressed both with the quality of the food and the quality of the service.  My view is that you can have a great meal, but if the service is sub par, the entire dining experience is diminished.  But if get the combo of great food and great service,you have the recipe for a meal to be remembered for a very long tome.
5	I've been meaning to come here for years, after hearing superb review after review from friends and colleagues. We made some reservations and came in on a busy Saturday evening for a great meal. Service was SUPERB. Let me tell you now that this is the best oiled restaurant I've ever seen. Waiters are attentive, tables and cleaned within seconds, and the staff knows the menu inside and out. Our waiter said he had been there for over 5 years - so, that's an amazing testament to how great it must feel to work there as well!With that said, the food was everything I could ever hope for.Pork Tenderloin: Great, hearty portions of tender pork. Cooked in bourbon, giving it a great flavor. Tasty ancho chile sauce on the pork. Accompanied by a sweet potato tamale with a pecan butter - amazing! Must try this. It's supposedly one of their signature dishes, so you really can't go wrong with this.Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops: Smaller portion compared to the tenderloin, but still an amazingly well made dish. Serrano pepper sauce with a mint chimichurri. Comes with a blue corn tamale with basil butter. This complimented the dish really well, although I preferred the tamale that came with the pork tenderloin. Side of grilled asparagus that wasn't anything special, but complimented the dishes very well.Give this place a chance and make sure you have reservations beforehand. It's well worth a trip!
4	The ambiance is good. Our reservation was for 8:30pm. We were brought to the bar for drinks because we were a bit early. Within a few minutes we had drinks in our hands and were being shuffled off to our table.The food is good. Specifically the pork tenderloin and heirloom salad. A bit pricey given the servings, but I guess it's to be expected at a celebrity restaurant.
5	I loved this restaurant - great food and service.  Based upon the yelp reviews, we had the shrimp tamale and queso fundido.  Yelp was super right because I have never had a better tamale and the cheese dip was amazing.  We also had the halibut which was a little spicy but cooked perfectly and the chile relleno.  The coconut cake was not very good because of the dry frosting, you should definitely steer clear of it.I can't wait to go back!
4	During my visit we dined here late on Saturday Night and was sat 20 minutes after getting our named onto the waiting list. We were sat in the rear of the restaurant and meet one of the nicest servers we had during our trip. After a little light conversation we found out she loved our state and was very found of some of our home towns, which made the meal that much better of an experience. Braised rabbit was fantastic and cooked to order with no issues. The tartar ahi tuna we started with was a little too small to share with our group of four, so I do recommend taking another appetizer or side salad as a starter. I sampled a piece of steak from a friend and it was perfectly seasoned and had a spicy taste I was not expecting to find on a simple steak. The wine selection and beer selection is fairly priced compared to similar restaurants.  Overall a great experience, but not for a bachelor parties loud drunken antics, this location is more suited for a quiet or light date like conversation not our bantering.... Still with that in mind the experience was pleasant - 4 stars.
5	After many years of watching the Food Network and seeing Bobby Flay mention his Mesa Grill I finally got a chance to stop in and try it out.  The place was packed, but I was on a business dinner so I am sure that they made reservations.  I found it funny when they said that our table was not ready and motioned that we can sit in the bar area and get drinks, but the second we ordered the table was miraculously ready.  I see this a lot so no worries.  I started with the queso dip and OMG it was liquid gooey crack.  So damn good and I couldn't stop eating it.  I wanted a steak but passed on it and got the lamb chops only because it came with a tamale side and the steaks had a side extra for $10.00.  I did notice when others ordered that when you get a side it is enough for two people.The bread was really good especially the blue corn muffins, I could have stayed there and ate the whole basket.The meal came and it was very good with perfect portion sizes.  It was busting with flavors.  My only complaint, or more like a warning and if I could take a 1/2 star away I would is that there are too many flavors.  Remember this is Bobby Flay that we are talking about.  If you are in the mood for a nice basic steak, go somewhere else, if you want a piece of fish with a basic cream sauce go somewhere else.  Here you will get spice, seasonings and peppers, not bad at all but just depends on what your mood is.The service was some of the best that I ever saw and the crew was very helpful.I am glad that I had a chance to visit Mesa Grill!!!
5	After Food Trucks became trendy in 2010, people loved all things fusion.  Craziness persisted.  We saw stuff like sushi in burritos, we saw french fries with kimchi, and we saw bacon in everything.  Before the craze, chefs like Bobby Flay and David Chang established their names with their creative fusion blends.Just because foods are creative doesn't mean that they'll be good.  One of the problems with fusion foods is that they tend to be one dimensional.  They're usually spicy or tangy or sweet or bacon-infused to the MAX.     You gain an appreciation for this place as soon as you try one of their dishes.  Take their popular "blue corn pancake", for instance.  It looks simple:  you have a thin blue cornmeal crepe and it's filled with barbecue duck.  You take a bite and you notice the sweet notes of the barbeque sauce.  That taste fades and you then notice the tender duck meat.  The dish is small, so it forces you to eat slowly to make it last.   As you chew slowly, the subtle, nutty heat of the habanero sauce begins to rise.     Flay's appetizers are full of flavors that are distinct without being over-the-top.  When I came here for my birthday dinner with my girlfriend, we opted to sample several appetizer instead of choosing one main course.  We knew that it would be the best way to get a good mix of flavors.  You can't miss the roasted garlic tamales with tiger shrimp.  It was a favorite of my girlfriend.  The chef said that it is the most popular appetizer and that the recipe has not changed in twenty years.My favorite side dish was their roasted corn.  It reminded me of ordering corn at a park in East LA.   You get the flavors of lime, garlic, white corn, various cheeses.  It's great street food, but improved upon.  But their sweet potatoes are good too.  It's served au gratin.  It's creamy - it's very evident that they used a lot of cream here.  But it also has interesting spice that reminded me of pumpkin pie.   It's a nice, flavorful starch to complement their popular pork tenderloin or coffee-rubbed steak.This is fusion done well.  Its flavor pops in three dimensions, but without the need of glasses.
4	I've always loved watching bobby cook on FoodNetwork. So I was super excited to have an opportunity to eat at his restaurant in Vegas. His margarita was delicious. I ate ancho- chile salmon cooked medium with a side of spinach. Everything was cooked to perfection. Just the right balance of heat and favors. Highly recommend.
5	Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is located in Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas.  Upon first entering the restaurant, the staff greets you with a friendly smile and asks about your appointment time.  You are then seated and the waiter will ask the customer if it's their first time here.  They go through a couple of specials and go on their way.  The servers though are waiting for the orders from the kitchen.  The wait is well worth it.  Tbe food is deliciously tender and spiced just right.  The wines are light.  A coffee and desert is light.  All in all a great experience for a date and business meeting.
5	Stopped by at the bar for a quick bite before gambling, Mesa didn't disappoint again (I had been there a few years ago when last in town).  Service was very quick, my wife and I had the cactus margarita to begin, was yummy.  We then had this brunch bacon quesadilla that came quickly with a fried egg on top.  It was sooooo good.    We finished by splitting a burger that came with really good seasoned fries.   You could tell they were double fried because they were so crispy and good.
5	I would go here for dinner over any place in Vegas hands down.Amazing margarittas, everything tastes amazing and the food it honestly the best you can get flavor wise in Las Vegas. If you dont like the tiger shrimp, wrap the rest to take home and mail it to me. I crave it all the time.
4	Love the food, many dishes are extraordinary. Squash blossoms are fantastic. Service is unsurpassed. Why a 4?Getting a table is difficult. Last 3 times we tried the next seating's were 3 hours later. Not their fault, just a popular place. Even reservations 4 days in advance are tough. It is disappointing to inquire about seating and be quoted a 3 hour deal with 1/2 the tables empty waiting for reservations. Congratulations on one of the best eateries in LV, and in the top 5 I've ever visited.Can't wait to go back.
5	Thanks to everyone who recommended this place.  First, yes get the signature margarita, even if you don't typically drink margaritas.  The service  is five-star, and each and every bite of everything we ordered exploded with flavor. Highly recommend this place.  Share what you order with your party so you can try various dishes......or just go back for another incredible meal.
4	You have seen Bobby Flay on TV. You have wondered if he can actually cook. Well Mesa Grill answers that with a resounding, "yes".Flay is known for his big and bold flavors and that is certainly what you get here. It is pretty amazing how he can put just the perfect amount of spice. Its not overwhelming, but has a little bit of a kick to it. Ive had all different kinds of dishes here and all have been good. Plus extra points for the sticky toffee pudding desert.Plus Mesa Grill is not crazy expensive either. Well, everything in Vegas is expensive. So this is not wallet breaking expensive. Just kinda expensive. :PMesa Grill always lands on my list of places I recommend to others. And I recommend it to you too... whoever you are.
5	Great food and service. I had seared scallops and creamed spinach as a side and it was more than I could eat. As with everything on the strip it was over priced, but at least it was excellent. HIghly recommend
3	Went in for brunch on Monday morning. Tiger shrimp tamale was fantastic as was my salmon. We also tried the burger but thought it was just okay... Seemed like any other burger.  Love their bread basketKind of weird where we sat because outside the restaurant wall you can hear and kind of see the games that were playing on the big screen in the casino area.
5	I've been here several times. The tiger shrimp corn tamale is a must. We came for brunch today and I tried to lamb Cobb salad. That was very tasty also! My husband ordered the pork sandwich, which was excellent!
5	Have been here maybe 5-6 times over the years and keep on coming back.  Finally getting around to YELPing it, and deservedly so.This particular time, went for Sunday brunch.  As is typical with any brunch menu, it's rather abbreviated to have a smattering of southern style egg dishes/grits/biscuits... all good.  Will be honest, was here more for a traditional lunch and would've loved to have more options, but is what it is.  bc what we chose was still great.We shared the CAN"T MISS Appi, Tiger Shrimp tamale, which is an everyday appi on their brunch and dinner menu.  U just cannot go here without trying this appi.Wife had a lamb/cobb salad. Pretty fantastic flavors with the most awesome bacon ever.  Lamb was cooked delightfully so with great flavor.  Fresh, fresh, fresh yet also very light.I got the pork tenderloin sandwich with caramalized red onion and arugula.  Very much a panini sandwich, but the pork was super flavorful and very tender.  Fries were tasty, but didn't want to feel all gross and just ate a portion of that.  Overall for lunch, would've loved to have some more options to choose from but that's what u get with brunch.  Nonetheless, it was a fantastic lunch.  The bread basket was pretty yummy with the assortment of fresh breads/biscuits/scones.The service was attentive and exceptional.For anyone dining for dinner.... DO DO DO get the Honey Chipotle glazed Rib Eye, OH MY!!!  it's dang good.
5	Been there a few times, each time another great experience!!If you are able to obtain reservations.... Go & Enjoy!!Good wine list, great meal menu!!
5	I have been passing by this restaurant evertime I go to Ceasar's Palace in Las Vegas and we usually use this hotel for accomodation. Mesa Grill is close to the food court and close to the Casino, It is one of those restaurants that have been there for a long time and really made it's mark. For some reason thou, I would always pass by Mesa Grill, look at the menu and move along. To be honest, if you just go with what the Menu says it would not wake up your taste buds, the items listed are so simple and sounds..ehhh. But time and time again I would always wish I have tried Flay's restaurant when I get back to L.A., especially since I am an avid cooking channel watcher and self claimed foodie. This weekend, me and the wife had a quick getaway and I made it a point to get a table in Mesa Grill, with very high expectations, since I just saw him kick ass in the Kitchen Stadium and throwdowns....I AM GLAD I FINALLY WENT!Looking at the Menu outside, I decided to start off with  some Tiger Shrimp w/ Roasted Tamale and the wife got Blue Corn Pancake, both tasted wonderful and they really set the mood for the mains. Although browsing the menu, nothing really looked exciting to me, luckily I saw some tenderloins, (the bourbon got me) and I went with it. The wife wanted some fish but all they have that night are scallops and a Cioppino, both were not her likings so she decided on a Filet Mignon, medium rare, and we got some spicy sweet potatos on the side.Let me tell you that the first bite of the Tenderloin, Mesa Grill had me... the meat was soft, very tender, the spices are there and you can really taste them but does not overpower the meat. It was delightful. The wife's filet is holding it's own on the taste department, the rub and the mushrooms are something to behold.  Somehow the star of that meal is the spicy sweet potato, the way it was prepared is something that I have not seen nor tasted before. the potatoes are cut in a rectanglein thin sheets and piled high instead of mashed. The texture of the potato changed and the spices are unbelievable, something to taste to believe. Bobby did not dissapoint at all with this restaurant and I will continue to cheer on him on TV or up until I come back to one of his restaurant.
4	I gave this place a solid 4 stars for lunch. I love menus that are INTERESTING. No lack of creativity here.Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale:This one's a no-brainer. Best part of the meal. A "Best Things I've Ever Ate" feature on the Food Network.Spicy Chicken + Sweet Potato Hash (w/ poached egg):I got this because it looked interesting, but not exactly sure how the flavors would compliment each other. I enjoyed it, but it wasn't "love". The egg didn't do a lot for me on this dish. If the combination above sounds like it will go great to you, then you'll probably love this dish. Blue Corn Tortilla + Barbecued Duck:Again, it sounded so interesting I had to get it. I'm glad I did, but I didn't fall in love like the Tiger Shrimp Tamale. If it sounds good to you, it will probably be worth it.
5	im giving this place 5 stars bc bobby flay.and i only came here because of him. BUT BESIDES THAT. everything was delicious and served up in a classy way i got the tuna nachos and my friend got the mesa burger. we both loved our food and everything was fresh and appropriate amount I'll be coming back here every time when im around. the servers were also very nice and helpful. i love you bobby
5	Awesome brunch with interesting selection of menu items.  You will find it hard to choose. Waiter and overall service was really great - among the best we had all weekend.  If you are looking for a unique dining experience, that is NOT the endless buffet, this should be at the top of your list!
4	Move out of the way Gordon Ramsey,  Bobby Flay is now in the palace. I was in love with the decor of the place and the atmosphere of when I stepped into this place.Spicy chicken with sweet potato hash: it was so good and the spicy level was on point. There were two big about one cup size of sweet potato hash with poached eggs on top. The entree presentation was amazing and I feel all presentation really brings out my appetite. I highly recommend this dish. Pulled pork sandwich: The sandwich was made perfectly and had just the right amount of crunch from the bread. This meal came with seasoned fries and it was quite delicious Salmon Entree: The piece of salmon was just simply amazing. It had the right amount of sauce and seasoning that the fish just melts in your mouth. I chose to have it well done and it was just the perfect salmon. Also, for starters they provided free bread and it was not just cheap white bread. It was home made muffins, mini corn muffins, and different type of bread. This place really does set a high standard because food presentation and quality. I was fortunate to try this place for free but with the prices it is a pricy place to eat. For vegas, I think its definitely a place to try especially since it from one of the chefs I enjoy watching on the food channel.
4	Ate here after the 1/2 marathon!  Here's the rundown of the dishes I ate, and what I thought: (First off, a well-deserved cocktail:  I had a margarita, of course!  It was good.)Bread basket - I only ate one slice since I didn't want to ruin my meal, but I thought the bread was average - the butter they served with it was noticeably good, though.Appetizer - 'Rough Cut Tuna Nachos':  I have no idea what is 'nacho' about this appetizer, but if you like tuna tartare you will love this appetizer.  The capers, the mango puree, the little chips they served to scoop it up with - all super delicious.  The tuna was high quality.Entree - 'Coffee-Rubbed Filet Mignon' - delicious!  My steak was cooked perfectly, was a great cut of meat, and the coffee and ancho chile on the outside really added a lot of flavor.  This was a big win for me.Side - 'Fresh Corn Tamale + Jalapeno Pesto Butter' - I was not a fan of this.  The tamale was not very moist, and basically tasted like a plain corn tamale that you would get at any regular Mexican restaurant - I didn't really get any flavor from the jalapeno pesto butter that was on it, either.. I can't believe I paid ten bucks for a crappy plain tamale!  Dessert - 'Churros' - not so great.  These churros were pretty weak - they were not fluffy, there was no slightly gooey center and crispy outer.  The sauces were also not very good - there was barely any sauce served with the churros (dunking was impossible) and neither of the sauces had strong (or notable) flavor - I would have preferred one small creamer pot of good mexican chocolate for dipping.Service was very good - our waiter had the right frequency of checking in, and was very tolerant of us being one of the last people in the restaurant.Really, I want to give Mesa Grill 3 or 3.5 stars because of the inconsistency in quality of dishes across all parts of dinner, but on the strength of the appetizer and main dish, I will go ahead and give them 4 stars..  I found the pricing to be appropriate to slightly on the high side (but not so expensive where I felt like the food was overpriced).
5	My husband and I went for lunch last week while we were on vacation. The food was amazing. He had the pork tenderloin sandwich and spicy fries and I had the ancho-honey salmon. We were both more than happy with our meals, and also the price as it was lunch. Our server Michael was extremely knowledgable and gave us recommendations and informed us to the chefs ideal temperatures for both of our meals. I was very jealous of tables around us with the goat cheese fundido which also looked incredible. I overheard michael explaining what was in it and he was very knowledgeable and helpful. I would definitely eat here again next time I'm in Vegas, but next time I will get a margarita!
5	While dining in Vegas for work, Mesa Grill was definitely the highlight (in terms of dining). The Mesa Grill is located in the Caesers Palace. Since I was by myself, I decided to sit at the bar and order appetizers. Thankfully there was no wait. Bread Basket -- complimentary warm bread basket while you wait. The corn muffin is to die for!Shrimp Tamale -- One of their signature dishes, and its a must. I love tamales, and Bobby Flay has definitely raised the bar with this appetizer. I can see why it was listed on Food Networks "Best Thing I've Ever Eaten"Tuna Nachos -- Thankfully there is no cheese on these nachos. It is sashimi served with a couple different sauce with chips to scoop. Good light appetizer with a lot of flavor. White Peach Margarita -- Excellent margarita with high quality alcohol. No syrups were used while making this cocktail, and it gave me a good buzz just after one cocktail.Overall it was an awesome dining experience -- job well done Bobby Flay!
5	Really flippin' good salads here. The first time we came for lunch: I read the description of Sophie's chopped salad and wanted it, eyed a pretty salad that ended up being it, ordered it and enjoyed every bite. Bf had the Sixteen Spice Chicken Salad that was also delicious. Our company who came late ended up getting the same thing since it was so good. We also came for weekend dinner.  As far as appetizers, the Lobster Tacos were filled with soft, delicious chopped lobster complimented by the crisp of the shell. The Blue Corn Pancakes with duck are very similar to a Chinese duck wrap dish, with a very rich flavor. For the main entree you can't go wrong with the lamb, pork chops, or the salmon... all were perfectly cooked and delicious. The tamales that come with the lamb and pork are a bit atypical, with a more ground up consistency than your normal formed tamale- the Sweet Pototo and the Plantain flavors were unique. Bread basket was really unique: jalapeno corn bread (amaaazzing), walnut bread, asiago bun (drool).Friendly service, definitely on the slower side for weekend dinner (from ordering to food arrival was ~45 minutes.
4	Came here with my best friend Peyton.  We made the reservation a month earlier.  One thing I didn't care for was the fact that they charge $100 if you don't show for your reservation even though there is a long line to get in.  The food was great.  We split the t-bone and pork.  Both were cooked perfectly.  The prices were very high but that's what you come to expect in Vegas.
5	We had the shrimp tacos and the blue corn waffle with bbq duck. The duck is without a doubt one of the best duck dishes I have ever had, the meat was so tender and the bbq sauce was superb, shrimp tacos were ok and the sauces for the tacos excellent+ try the habanero and the green sauce
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas! I've tried several items on their menu- blue corn pancake,  chile relleno, duck quesadilla, Mesa burger, blue corn lobster tacos,  and veal chop just to name a few...I have never had anything I didn't like from here! I look forward to eating at Mesa Grill and try to dine here as much as i can when I'm in Vegas. I'm a huge foodie and even with all the new restaurants that are constantly popping up on the strip, I still love coming here. Ps- I always ask for seconds on the bread basket so I can have more warm, delicious blue corn muffins!
5	As a celebrity chef Bobby Flays MESA GRILL is a must visit restaurant for foodies. Service was excellent and we where seated at the time of our reservation. I ordered the signature Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale followed Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon with Mushroom - ancho chile sauce both dishes where excellent. My date had the Blue Corn Pancake*Barbecued duck + habanero chile - star anise sauce Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Bourbon - ancho chile sauce sweet potato tamale + crushed pecan butter. She indicated both dishes where spicy but delicious  nonetheless. Our waiter was very good and knowledgable about the menu indicating he has been there since they have opened. I would highly recommend a visit to MESA GRILL to any fellow foodies
5	We have been scared away from this for many Vegas trips because of the prices, but finally caved for the brunch menu.  SO GLAD that we did.  We make several trips to Vegas each year and will be coming back to Mesa to frequent the chilaquiles.  The eggs and tomatillo sauce over blue corn tortillas is the ultimate recovery food from a night out.  My husband got the poblano chile burger and it was phenomenal.  Bobby Flay's restaurant lives up to the celebrity chef hype - and for reasonable prices at lunh!
4	What a beautiful restaurant with equally beautiful food! I love the chilies in every dish and the unique offerings and great service ensure that Mesa Grill will be a classic even as new restaurants pop up on the strip.Hubby had the sweet potato and spicy chicken egg dish; I swear his eyes lit up when he took the first bite.The visual presentation matched his look of delight; I've never seen such perfectly cooked eggs! I sampled some of the sweet potatoes (Not a huge egg fan) and found them to be delicious as well. He also ordered a Bloody Mary that is apparently as spicy as it promises to be!For a foodie, I can be pretty picky, and there wasn't much on the brunch menu that didn't include eggs, save a waffle dish and some sandwiches. I was a little disappointed by this, but I forged ahead and ordered a burger. The burger was good and the fries were also very good. But at the end of the day, as good as it was, I had a burger. Womp womp.The highlight, for me, was the sweet bread basket that introduced our meal. Jalepeno bread, corn bread, pumpkin bread, fruit scones. I am still dreaming of this bread a day later, I kid you not.I can easily see where I would have given the Mesa 5 stars had we come for lunch and dinner.
4	This place is popular and is cha-ching. So make your reservations in advance if you're in LV on a holiday weekend and don't gamble all your money away bc this place is delicious goodness that you'll want to save the $$ for.The hubs and I were able to sneak in for a last minute dinner reservation over the July 4th weekend (it was a mini miracle bc they were totally booked unless we wanted to eat after 10pm. I didnt know if I could handle that - this girl GOTS to eat - so we decided to eat elsewhere. By chance I looked on OpenTable around 6pm that same night and saw a table opened up for 7:45pm and we took it in a snap!).We arrived and were quickly seated. The bread basked is totally delicious - I had to refrain from eating all the goodies to save room for the main stars. My husband got the cioppino and I got the pork tenderloin. Both were fantastic but man, oh man, that pork tenderloin was beyond good. I am still thinking about it and how delicious all of that plate was....oh dear, I'm salivating now...losing focus....Summary - Get here now. Stuff belly. Be happy.
4	Dined here with the family during our last visit to Vegas. Food is great! The waitstaff is extremely attentive and knowledgeable. A must restaurant to go to while visiting Las Vegas.I've always been a Bobby Flay fan and wanted to go here. The waiter was on point with his recommendations. He turned us on to the best margarita I have ever had. It's a Partida blanco margarita. It had fresh lime juice and agave for sweetener. It was amazing. So much in fact that I looked high and low to find that tequila upon my return to Jersey. Luckily I found it.We had a few minor temperature issues with the steak but they fixed it and even took it off the bill without me even mentioning it. That in itself will make me return there when I return. Now I'm hungry...
5	Flay Slayed it. We loved our lunch and will definitely return. I don't normally eat fries but...these are amazing. Lamb cobb salad is an unusual dish to see on the menu so I had to give it a whirl. It was exceptional. We ordered the ahi nachos. I found the chips distracting from the main star of the dish. Dining mates burger was crazy good. Even the wine menu was reasonable and not marked up 300%. I'm glad Bobby's place is a winner!
4	The wife and I were in Vegas for a few days, and we always enjoy indulging in some of their great restaurants when we visit.  We had both been to Mesa Grill once before for lunch, but we decided to visit for dinner this time around.  For anyone that doesn't know, Mesa Grill is one of Bobby Flay's restaurants, and is located inside the Caesar's Palace Hotel.  We made a reservation for 8:15, and the place was hopping when we arrived.  Living in St. Louis, I'm not used to restaurants being packed at this time, but this is par for the course in Vegas.  We were seated quickly after we arrived, more towards the back of the restaurant.  The table we had was pretty small, and was close to a few other tables.  It wasn't bad, but you could tell they were trying to get as many tables in there as possible.  I don't blame them, but I'm just stating how things are set up.The food here is more of a southwestern/mexican style.  They offer several different appetizers and salads, but we decided to skip out on these. They do bring out some bread, which includes a cheesy type with a hint of jalapeno, corn muffins, and wheat bread.  The bread was outstanding.  I could have eaten several pieces, but I didn't want to get too full.  For our meals, I ordered the veal chop, while my wife ordered the tuna steak.  Mine came with a blue cheese type of tamale.  I thought everything was great.  Lots of flavor in every bite.  I tried my wife's food and hers was excellent as well.  We decided to order dessert, and got a pumpkin pie type of dessert.  It had caramel on top, and it was excellent.  Overall, I thought Mesa Grill was a great choice for dinner in Vegas.  I've been to a few of Bobby Flay's restaurants, and have been impressed each time.  Dinner for two here will cost you around $100.  I'm sure we'll be back here at some point.
4	One of the best meals in  Las Vegas. Tried corn pancake with duck, tiger shrimp tamale and lobster tacos for appetizers. All of them were great, you can appreciate how all the ingredients come together. For main course, I ordered lamb chops. Probably, the best lamb I have ever tried. The decor could be a bit more interesting. Service was good.
4	Some folks are too tied to the fact that a celebrity chef is behind an eatery. Some will go just because a chef they like is behind it, and other refuse. Forget all of that crap. Go here because the food is fantastic.Right on the casino floor, Mesa Grill is right behind Ceasar's huge sports book area, adjacent from the popular Pure night club. Behind its huge glass windows you'll find amazing upscale southwestern food. Tons of flavor (lots of peppers, spices) and a very nice variety. First off, dig into that bread basket as it has some killer cornbread in it.Must-try items:goat cheese fundido -- c'mon. how are you not going to not love this?Pork Tenderloin -- amazing. CRAZY goodshrimp and grits -- satisfyingTiger shrimp tamale -- tastyBlue corn pancakes -- delicious and funRoasted corn -- it's a side dish, but really hits the spot.I tried the dessert churro and didn't dig it, but otherwise, very good food!One thing: Nothing here is mild. If you're on, say, a date, and want to avoid spicy, bold food, this may not be the best place for you.
4	Will write a short one before going more into details. A must try if you're into a little spice and heat to your meal.  Even though you don't know who this celebrity chef is.  Go for the flavor. Your tastebud will thank you.
4	Goat cheese fundido really well done with interesting flavors. Margaritas on point. Party of three--2 green chile cheeseburgers and smoked shrimp tacos. Burgers very good, smoked shrimp tacos made me mad I got out ordered.
4	I had family in from out of town, so even though I've been sick I wanted to spend some quality time with them. Took them to Mesa, my Aunt really wanted a Bobby Flay special dish. She loves to watch those shows. She ordered the pork tenderloin and it was unanimously the best item at the table. I ordered the scallops and they were good, but I really enjoyed the sweet potato side dish. It was very flavorful. Quite impressive, considering I usually don't much care for sweet potato dishes. Other standout items were the Tiger shrimp. I traded one of my scallops for one and it was an excellent trade. Because my Aunt and I were both eating Gluten free they brought out some blue corn chips for us while the others noshed on bread. It was a nice touch. Service was excellent and the decor is nice.
5	One of the best dining experiences we have ever had.  Deanna, our server, was incredible.  We had a conversation about how much we love bloody mary's and she went out after work and bought us her favorite mix!! We went back the next night to pick it up and she even made us a mini bloody sample! Above and beyond.  The food was flawless.  I would pay what we paid time and again based on that overall experience.  Thank you Deanna!!
5	The pork tenderloin. Oh man, the pork.If it was publicly acceptable to do so, I would write poetry dedicated to the wonder that is the magical spice-rubbed pork tenderloin here. But I don't think that people in general would understand.That is, unless you tried it. Then you'll get it.I won't even talk about anything else we ate here. It was all quite good, but I don't want to take away from the chances that you try the pork. Get that, and then figure out what you want to go with it. Do not avoid the pork, at all costs.In summary: get the pork or at the very least, die trying.
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I have to eat the pork tenderloin. Cooked perfect and tender. The twice baked potato is a great side as well as the greens as long as your not afraid of a little heat. The tuna nachos for appetizers were fantastic!
5	OMG the tamales were so amazing!!!!!  The goat cheese dip was out of this world.  I could have eaten 3 of them myself!  There was this amazing sweet potato pie layer that was so rich that I couldnt eat more than 2 bites so share that dish.  Great service!  We didnt get the steaks but our neighbors did and they looked so juicy and tasty.
5	Get the pork tenderloin, to die for!  Everything else was top notch. In Vegas? Need food?  Go HERE !!
5	Excellent food! Excellent service! Dinner begins at 5 pm. We had chicken and New York strip steak! Unbelievable taste! Side dishes were amazing ( we had mash potatoes and corn). Will definitely continue dinning with them!
4	I ordered the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash for brunch. It was very different. The sweet potato was not soft enough but the spicy chicken was tender and the sauce was good, which made it taste better and balanced it. I also tried the Mesa burger which I enjoyed very much and the fries were seasoned well.
4	I wasn't expecting very much from this place considering it is Southwest style food... I mean how good can southwest style food get? Apparently, pretty darn good when Bobby Flay is behind it!We ordered a bottle of Spanish Rioja and started with the Rough Cut Tuna "Nachos" this was essentially a tuna tartare with Southwest Flavors and eaten with chips, it was very good! I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, which is supposively a Bobby Flay signature dish. The flavors were nice, a little spicy but to be honest it was undercooked... They said it's supposed to be served rare, but this was pretty undercooked for pork in my opinion. I wouldn't order this particular dish again and would exercise caution if you don't like rare pork. I would definitely come back, the rest of the menu looked great and the service was pretty good, a lil slow but we were sitting in the bar/lounge area.
4	Service was great, we were greeted as we walked in and immediately taken to our table without any wait whatsoever. This is what I expect when we put down a $100 deposit to keep our reservation, the promise to show on time has to be honored by both parties right? We were greeted along the walk to our table and our server immediately introduced herself to us. She was very pleasant with taking our order, timing was perfect for the intervals between each visit to the table. She wished my fiancee a happy birthday multiple times (I mentioned it when I made the reservation).We started trying some bread from the basket. I personally loved the jalapeno bread, not every bite had chunks of jalapeno in it, but every bite had the flavors. The blue corn bread was also good. I tried the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. When it first came out I thought the portion of meat was a bit smaller than I expected, however as I progressed through the meal, the portion was actually perfect and I typically eat a decent volume of food. The meat was cooked perfectly, so juicy. The side of sweet potato tamale was ok, didn't add much to the dish though. My fiance had the coffee rubbed filet mignon. The meat was tender and well seasoned, although the coffee taste was very very subtle if noticeable at all. The mushrooms in the sauce added to the flavors. She also had a white peach margarita, this was delicious. Has the tartness you would expect from a margarita but the added aromas of white peach made it much more enjoyable. Decor was fitting for the southwestern style that Bobby is known for. We wanted to try this place since it's the only US location open as of now, ever since the flagship in NY had been recently displaced. However, considering all the other celebrity chefs that have restaurants available in LV, we probably will not be back anytime soon until we've had the opportunity to experience some of the other options. Worth 1 try though!TIP: only come if you have made reservation, otherwise the wait seemed to be quite long as we walked out from our meal.
4	Flavor... thy name is Flay.  I ate here twice within 24 hours - a Sunday brunch and dinner the next day.  I thought the Scarpetta bread basket was good, but holy crap. The one they serve on weekends is bigger, but Best Bread Basket Ever.   I ordered the spicy chicken & sweet potato hash on Sunday and the pan-roasted shrimp with risotto on Monday night.  I'm not kidding... the sweet potato hash was one of the best things I've eaten... and the risotto... oh my.  Bobby Bobby Bobby... I think I love you.
4	Mesa honestly blew my expectations out of the water. Usually celebrity chefs disappoint. Not in the case of Mr. Flay and his great staff. Service gets 5 stars. Food was amazing. If you are there for lunch I highly recommend the shrimp tacos and the honey glazed salmon. Thanks Bobby and staff!
4	We ordered the tiger shrimp appetizer, which was good, but it only came with four shrimps (albeit big ones), so that was a bit disappointing. For the entrees, we got the pork tenderloin, which was amazing. Super tender and flavorful, and it came with a yam mash. We also got the rabbit, which was surprisingly really good, because I was never too fond of rabbit meat. We also got the salmon, which was good not great, and we also got the 22oz steak, which was good, but it didn't come with anything else like mashed potatoes or anything. So having a huge steak with nothing to go with it was kinda not great, so we got a side of spinach, which was pretty good for nothing but spinach. We also got a baked potato, which was super different from your standard baked potato. It was in between mashed and baked, really soft. It had TONS of flavor; the flavor of horseradish was a bit strong but it was really good.
5	Had a wonderful dinner for Christmas, I had the Blue Corn Pancake with duck, it was super delish, it was sweet and good! I also had the Pork Loin with Ancho Chile, it was so soft, sweet and spicy. For desert I tried the carrot cake, nothing special but it was good.  Service was excellent, would recommend.
5	As big fans of Bobby Flay, Mesa Grill has been on our food bucket list forever. And his food did not disappoint!Margaritas - I can understand why Mesa Grill is famous for these. We tried the classic margarita and the cactus pear margarita. The classic was delicious with a good balance of flavors. The cactus pear was sweeter and while it started well, I was over the sweetness by the end.Blue Corn Lobster Tacos - talk about a flavor explosion... these were amazing! Definitely try these.Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops - tender, succulent lamb chops that were grilled to perfection. The mint chimichurri sauce was delicious. It came with a plantain tamale which sounded better than it tasted (again, my aversion to things too sweet).22oz Bone-in Rib-eye - big, bold, yummy...Roasted Brussels Sprouts - I know, I know, it's just brussels sprouts. But you haven't had these brussels sprouts. You must get these.For dessert we had the Churros dusted with cinnamon sugar and star anise. The star anise was subtle and gave the churros an interesting scent and flavor. It was served with a dark chocolate and a coconut dulce de leche dipping sauce, the latter of which we could have licked out of the bowl. A great way to end the night.As for dinner service, it left a little to be desired. Technically everything was executed fine. It's the little details like, the tables that flanked us were seated after us and offered dark napkins due to the customer's dark clothing. My husband and I were also in dark clothing but were not offered dark napkins, so I fussed with white lint on my black shirt the rest of the evening. And the server was effusive in his recommendations and menu explanations to both tables flanking us but didn't offer anything to us. It was weird and an example of how much better everything could have been.Motivated by the exceptional food, we came back for brunch and had the spicy scrambled eggs - perfect balance of spice, creaminess, sweet, salty, tangy. The service was great this time and it was an awesome way to start the day.
4	I came here twice so far one for brunch and the other for dinner. I was pleasantly surprised by the fusion of American, Mexican, and Bobby flay all in one dish. There were some hits and misses but overall this is a place that me and the fiance would like to frequent more often. I have yet to try their burger but the fiance likes it very much. I tried their famous blue corn pancake barbequed duck, It was quite a long time ago so I dont remember the flavors distinctly but I was not impressed (obviously if I can't even remember how it tasted) It was forgetable at best. I do remmeber the Bacon Hash Brown quesidilla being scrumptious however and we ravaged the dish. Recently I had the sweet potato Hash, it was a mix of spicy and sweet mixed in one. It wasn't the type of spicy I particularly like ( it was more of a Kick type of spicy). I give it four stars despite the misses because the taste is innovative and unique to the palette so its quite enjoyable.
4	The service was exceptional, but you should make a reservation even on a Monday at 5.  The shrimp tamale appetizer was amazing with the best sauce I've ever tasted.  The pork tenderloin was very perfect and tender, but it's a bit on the spicy side, so only get it if you like it with a kick.  After that, we were full, so we didn't get to try dessert.  Great place to try in Vegas that is pricey but not heart-stoppingly so.
4	I had a great experience here with my friends and family.  We were a larger group with a reservation.  We arrived a few minutes early, but we were promptly seated.  We were greeted by our waitress who was more than willing to offer suggestions that were quite reliable based upon the smiles on our faces by the end of the meal.  When we asked about wine, she made some recommendations, but also she had their wine guy, Bernardo come over and greet us.  He was fantastic.  He spoke well and made great recommendations for a group of six with very distinct tastes.Our meals were served in a timely fashion.  We were surprised that the items that were made medium rare were barely warm, but we figured that was part of the way food was served here.  The flavors in each of our dishes were amazing.  Nobody left disappointed.
4	Food was incredible!!! Salmon was cooked to perfection. The service was a bit slow, due to it being New Years weekend. Highly recommend the chocolate cajeta cake for dessert!!
5	Amazing food. Great take on southwest food. The tiger shrimp tamale appetizer was excellent. We also had the green chili burger and Chicken skewer both of which were really good. Topped off with signature margaritas and excellent service. This made for a fantastic lunch.  Highly recommended!
5	The Shrimp tamales are fantastic. The prk sandwich was picture perfect and delicious. The nice big surprise is the Bread basket is FANTASTIC. The pumpkin cranberry coffee cake is one of the best coffee cake I have had. The service is fantastic and over the top. They are friendly, clean, fast and delicious. Will come here again!!!
5	The wait for a table was probably worth it but we opted to eat at the bar. Bobby Flay's restaurant is pure perfection.First time trying rabbit and that was excellent!!! And the chile relleno's presentation is unlike anything... The lobster tacos for appetizer was brilliant too. The cactus pear margaritas had the color of cactus pear but tasted just like a regular margarita which I didn't mind but I was really hoping for cactus pear flavor. So great. LOVED IT HERE!!
5	This is my favorite place for lunch on the Strip. It's not a cheap lunch, but frankly, it's only a few bucks more than you'll pay elsewhere. At least Mesa Grill will be delicious and memorable. You should be able to just walk up for lunch unless it's a crazy busy time in Vegas. I'd recommend reservations for dinner.The burgers! Margaritas! Everything is great. This is also a great dinner spot, too. I love the rub on the burgers and steaks. The location is right next to the the Caesars sports book. If you're seated right, you might be able to watch a game on the sports book TVs through the glass.
4	Tonight was my third visit to Mesa Grill. My past two experiences here were five-star but tonight I rate it four for two reasons: 1. when we arrived the hostess was unfriendly and appeared put off that we were there. We had an 8:00 reservation and checked in at 7:45 and were told to "try coming back closer to your 8:00 reservation time." Definitely not a good idea to have that reception be your customer's first impression. 2. I asked for the salmon well-done and it arrived rare. I know medium to rare is the desired temp but I'm paying $32 and should get it the way I prefer. We also had the pork tenderloin, never a wrong choice. Don't pass on the coconut layer cake. We were seated at a small table right on the main walkway; good for looking into the kitchen, but awful for all the patrons passing by. Our server, Joel was friendly and very attentive, making our seating situation tolerable. If not for the pork, coconut cake, and Joel I would have rated this two stars.
3	So I have to start by saying I'm a big fan of Bobby Flay's....shows. As for the food, well...I would have to say good but with the variety of options to choose from in Vegas and our limited time there (4 days) I feel like my visit to the Mesa Grill wasn't worth it.. For appetizers we decided to share the Yucatan Chicken Skewers, it was 3 with 2 flour tortillas and one lettuce wrap. Pretty decent start to the meal. For entrees I ordered the MANGO + SPICE CRUSTED TUNA STEAK, hubby ordered the CASCABEL CHILE CRUSTED RABBIT. I asked the waiter how I should have the tuna steak prepared and she said medium however it came out way over done for a medium, kind of a gray squishy mess :( And there was absolutely no mango or spice :( Husband liked his rabbit though. We also ordered a side of the Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Pomegranates + Toasted Walnuts. My first time eating brussel sprouts and I guess it was the hot item of the night because the couples on both sides of us ordered it. Overall, it was an ok meal in my opinion, a tad overpriced, I believe for just the food (no drinks or dessert) we were at $125. Would I go again, probably not, although that doesn't mean I won't stop watching him on TV.
4	Needed to try the pork tenderloin after all the hype, and it didn't disappoint.  Medium is perfectly cooked so that it's tender and just right, not unsafe.  It was delicious and full of complex flavors - spicy, but a little sweet, a little tang, and a lot of goodness.  You wouldn't really notice it, because it's cut into 3 portions, but it's pretty filling too.
4	Ah, finally I get to come here and try out some Bobby Flay goodness. We walked in on a Monday afternoon and it was surprisingly empty for the most part. We ordered:Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: OH MY GOD so good. The perfectly cooked shrimp with the sweetness of the corn mixed with the creaminess of the tamales and sauce was pure bliss to my taste buds. I almost wanted to order another for my entree. Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno: Nice smoky flavor with a spicy kick to it. The cornmeal added a nice crust that contrasted well with the eggplant and gooey cheese inside. New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich: Disappointing. The pork was tough, dry and lacked flavor. Nothing in it stood out and my husband only ate half of the sandwich. There were some issues with the seating that tainted our overall experience. We brought it up to the management and they did their best to make it up to us. Unfortunate situation since I had high expectations for my first time eating here but the food speaks for itself and the majority of what we ordered were unique and flavorful.
4	Everything is cooked pretty well here and as far as service it's great..besides the overpriced menu there's nothing special you are simply paying for the name of Bobby flay
4	Great food and service, but the bar is heavy on Tequila
1	So I asked the hostess if they had vegan options and she said no problem -- our waiter will show us vegan options. When we sat down and told the waiter he said, "Oh we're not going to have anything for you here, so I wouldn't eat here." I said, "Well the hostess said that you have vegan options." He replied, "She doesn't know what she's talking about." He then asked the kitchen, returned and said that they could do this one dish vegan, so we said sure. He also said that their dishes were not that spicy. The food came and our vegan dishes were SO spicy that we couldn't eat them; I love spicy food, but they were inedible.Additionally, this waiter was SO condescending that a bunch of us were turned off. For example, the other vegan in the group eat a salad that had croutons on it. When it came time for dessert, he said, "None of our desserts are vegan, but since you ate those croutons which I said had cheese in them, you can have the desserts."It was not an enjoyable experience at all; I will never eat here again.
5	Amazing start to finish. Possibly the best ribeye I've ever had. The queso fundito app is fantastic. Wife had the veal chop which was awesome. And the margaritas were some of the best I've ever had. Will definitely return.
2	I just spoke with the manager (JP) and he was VERY nice about the whole situation, so I will give Mesa Grill another shot next time I'm in Vegas.
5	We had an outstanding meal here. The food was fresh and delicious and beautifully presented.
4	The food was delicious!  We came for brunch this past weekend and I ordered the Mesa burger.  Definitely helped with the hangover.  Our waiter was as nice as could be, but it was very obvious that he was overworked.  He was covering an entire section of about 10 tables (all with 4+ guests) and he had a hard time providing enough attention to each one.  This was not his fault, but management's.  We ordered the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido the second we sat down--it arrived nearly an hour later with our entrees.  Our drinks took about 30 minutes to be served.  All in all, brunch with 5 people took nearly 2.5 hours.  Be prepared to wait...and wait.
4	Iron Chef Bobby Fray's restaurant.Recommend "Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno" with roasted eggplant, manchego cheese, red pepper sauce, balsamic vinegar.
2	Wow, what a disappointment.  Had great expectations because I'm a huge fan of Bobby Flay.  The drinks are good, but incredibly overpriced. $14 for a margarita.  I will say, the duck appetizer was fantastic and I highly recommend it and the side dishes were also good, although $10 for a pretty small dish.  My big disappointment was my main dish.  I ordered the veal chop, which was huge.  I was so ready for this, but once I cut into it, it was pure fat.  And at $48 I was sick about it.  After cutting away about half of it, I finally gave up.  Didn't get much to eat.  And our waiter never came back to ask how our meals were, or I would have sent it back.  By the time he re-appeared, they had already cleared our plates, so I didn't say anything.  Needless to say, when my $94 bill arrived, I was not happy.  Don't think I will be returning any time soon.
1	Don't expect a good user experience at this restaurant they have clearly got more attitude than they deserve. I made 2 trips to try the restaurant The only reason was at the restaurant was to try the burger Bobby Flay won the South Beach burger contest and i was told i couldn't have it. The second time I was told I couldn't get a seat for two hours when they had no reservations booked......they had SUCH attitudes! !! I will never attempt to eat here again they clearly outgrown themselves.
4	Recommend the tiger shrimp appetizer, the pork tenderloin medallions and the Brussels sprouts. All were delicious. The margaritas were very good, but $16! Even for Vegas, that's up there. All in all a recommended stop.
5	OMG-this was the best meal I've ever had! My grilled pork tenderloin was delicious; hubby loved his scallops. The sides of roasted brussel sprouts with walnuts and pomegranate nd a warm cornmeal and bean tamale served roasted in a corn husk were delectable. My Mesa Grill Margarita was sublime. Service was impeccable. I definitely give this restaurant my highest recommendation. Prices were very reasonable for this class of restaurant.  The cooks, separated from the diners only by a glass wall were very entertaining.
1	Really Bobby... really?? Another pretentious restaurant trying to serve up  "out of the box" foods. His flavor combinations just did not work, he totally missed the mark. I tried a little of everything and nothing made me want to orgasm in my mouth more like, WTF did you just put in there.... gross and just weird..... And I will eat anything! I got 2 drinks and 2 apps, cost me $100 big ones.... I would much rather lose that in craps in 5 minutes then eat there again...BUT! The food 'looked' really pretty....... good job on the presentation not so much on the execution.... What are these? Lobster tacos for Ants?!?!There are too many other awesome food choices that are just as expensive to spend money on and have an orgasm in your mouth, sorry Bobby your restaurant sucks the Big one! Honey Badger Chef..... Big famous chef, he don't give a shit.....
4	Chef Bobby Flay's place in Vegas not bad service was outstanding food was good not awesome but then again it is not Bobby Flay cooking it is a Chef he has hired keep your expectations at that level and you will be pleased.The rating was for the service was a 5 for me and the food a solid 3.5 the Capitol Grill in Jacksonville has a better feel, service, and food.I recommend it just so you can say I was at Bobby's place but not a regular place to go when I am sure there are MUCH better places like the Eiffel Tower Restaurant , Now this place is Awesome!
5	I have been several times to Bobby Flays restaurant in Vegas, MESA Grill. Every time it was a great experience for all of us. We tried everything on the menu and we always look forward to try new items on the menu. Brenda is our server most of the times and we love her she is one of the best servers. Please, ask for her when you go there. GREAT JOB Bobby Flay with putting the menu together.
5	Wonderful! Get the Ribeye you won't be disappointed!
1	I would have rather starved than gotten sick from the "gluten free" options they offered. Clearly they weren't. Save yourself.
5	This may sound silly, but the basket of bread they give you while you wait for your food is the best free basket of bread I have ever had.  Now that I have completely allowed everybody reading this review to delve into my immense reservoir of cheapness I will finish the review.Bobby Flay...yadda yadda yadda.  Food Network...yadda yadda yadda.  Great food at Mesa Grill.  Yes!  Amazing food at that.  First, make a reservation...even if you don't think it will be packed.  For some reason many people believe Flay is actually cooking at this restaurant, which is strange seeing that he has many restaurants around the country.  So...needless to say the restaurant is usually packed with people.  Also, the restaurant is smack dab in the middle of Caesars sports book...so do not make this meal a romantic evening.  Make this meal a meal about the good food.  I can just see myself proposing to my girlfriend "Will you marry me?"...with the sounds of "Run you worthless piece of $#%@!"...echoing behind me.But I digress.  Onto the food.  Appetizer.  Get the tuna nachos.  It is raw tuna mixed with pico and cilantro and other spices.  These tuna pieces come with nacho chips.  I know what you are thinking....raw tuna nachos?  I swear this is perhaps the best thing in the entire restaurant...if you forget about the Shrimp Tacos, the Burgers, and desserts.  I HATE raw fish.  I HATE tuna.  I LOVE Mesa Grill's Tuna Nachos.  I don't know why that is. It is one of life's great mysteries...along with UFOs, mind control, and the JFK assasination.  Another great selection is the shrimp tacos.  Cilantro in abundance.  I love freakin cilantro.  Even if you do not like cilantro very much you will notice how the herb enhances the taste of the shrimp.  The cilantro and spices are the star of this dish....not the shrimp.  Although the shrimp are far superior than many shrimp on the strip.  That sentence rhymed and when you begin sounding like Dr. Seuss it is time to end the review.  One other thing.  The statue of the boxer out front of Mesa Grill is actually Joe Louis.  I tried to look like a man's man in front of my fiance by saying "Look at the Ali statue" but had to cower in wussiness when she realized I was an idiot when it came to boxing.  I know Tennis and Soccer really well....call me a wuss whatever.Go to Mesa Grill!
5	This is one of my favorite spots and I try to get here every time I come to Vegas as sort of our dinner splurge night. The staff is always pleasant and knowledgable, food is served in a timely manner and the ambiance is fun and upbeat without being overwhelming. I am not one to pick to eat goat cheese pretty much ever, but we went for the goat cheese queso and polished it off in record time. So so good. They also bring you a great assortment of bread that has chiles baked into it that's kind of perfect for dipping as well. We made a reservation (I'd suggest doing that regardless of what night of the week it is) but arrived a bit early and grabbed a drink in the bar. Bartender was super friendly and attentive and was slammed so I was impressed. We were seated right on time and service was prompt from there on out.This time I had the chile relleno which is always yummy and my friend got the pork tenderloin which I hadn't had before. She let me try a bite -- I could cut it with a butter knife and it pretty much melted in my mouth. So delicious. This place will continue to be a staple for me in Vegas so I hope it doesn't go anywhere anytime soon! Definitely put this one on your list.
5	We had an amazing time here.   We had a nice table In the back room which was great!!  Our server was amazing he is from Nebraska so we loved him instantly.   We all had margaritas and they were delicious the peach one was by far my favorite.   I had the filet and it was probably the best steak I have ever had it was tender flavorful and a great size.   The cheese appetizer was delicious anything with goat cheese is a winner for me.   Other hits amoung the table were the chicken, salmon, and pork tenderloin.  We finished the night with churros which had awesome dipping sauces.  Can't wait to go back.
4	The drinks are delicious and the appetizers and entrees were amazing. Favorite appetizer: blue corn lobster tacos. They're small but they pack so much flavor in those three bites!!! Favorite entree: coffee rubbed filet.  It's got a great kick to it and meat was flavorful and juicy!! Desserts were good, not great. I'd suggest getting and extra appetizer or entree instead.
5	Of all the celebrity restaurants in Vegas, I think that Mesa is the best.  I have eaten here quite a few times over the years, and I have never had a bad meal.  This trip I had the 22oz ribeye, and split the mashed potatoes, collard greens, and brussel sprouts.  Everything was perfectly cooked... and I am really critical about my ribeye.  All the food was perfectly seasoned, and went along with Flay's signature style.  The meal wasn't cheap, but I felt I got excellent value for my hard-earned dollar.
2	Not a 3 or 4 star. This place needs some  real work and improvement from salads to steak menu if its claiming an Iron chef menu  ! You will not get a Bobby Flay experience here just descent food.
2	I have been to this restaurant several times at the Bahamas location and it was always by far the best restaurant I have been to.   I was in Vegas this past weekend with 5 of my girlfriends for a girls weekend away.  I convinced them we had to go here for dinner because it was so amazing.  We ended up leaving quite disappointed and it still makes me bummed out to think about our experience.   First off, our appetizers took a long time to come out, but we just figured oh well, and we enjoyed them immensely.   Next came out our main courses.   3 of the 6 dishes that came out (2 filets and 1 salmon) were barely warm.  We kindly told our server about this, and she took them back and brought out new hot plates.  We are paying plenty of money to have our food come out hot.   The manager came over in the midst of this and gave a good fake "I'm so sorry, yada yada yada"   He came off like he was just going thru the motions and could care less about our issues.  Again, just blew it off and went about eating our newly delicious hot meals.   About 3/4 the way thru I noticed what looked to be a dark black hair about an inch/inch and 1/2 long in the middle of my sauce and mushrooms that went over my filet.  This instantly made my stomach turn and I was done.   All SIX of us were done at that point.   We had our server come back over and she took the plate without saying much.   She came back about 10 minutes later giving us the bill and saying the manager took off 2 of the plates and that they went back and investigated the hair and they thought it was a bristle from a brush they used in the kitchen.  Almost trying to justify the problem.  About 15 minutes had passed since finding this hair, and the manager FINALLY walks over again and says sorry and have a good night.   2 of the girls with us had been servers for many years and they said he was so incredibly unprofessional and we were all blown away at how this manager handled our situation.   We definitely fell on the younger side of the crowd, so my feeling was that he just kind of disregarded us since we were just younger and maybe he thought we were just looking for trouble.  Not really sure.  We were all dressed up and looked classy for a nice dinner out.   We all grew up going to nice restaurants, so we know what to expect.   Overall, the food is amazing here, but how this manager handled our situation made our experience extremely distasteful.
5	Love it! Unbelievably good pork loin. The coffee rubbed filet is amazing too!
5	Oh Mesa Grill... I love you. Bobby Flay is wonderful and the flavors that he has created at Mesa Grill are outstanding. If I were ever to be on death row, I'd have Mesa Grill for my last meal. It's ALWAYS a great meal.This is the 3rd time we've been to Mesa in Las Vegas, and it will not be our last. EVERY time we go to Vegas, we make sure we have dinner here, because it is always wonderful. We were there for New Years Eve, so it was a Prix Fix menu for $120 each with app., entree, and dessert.I love the cornbread biscuits, I actually bought the Mesa cookbook and love to make them at home any chance I get. The chef prepared three bites for us which included a surf and turf and a tartar. Wish it would've been more than a bite each!I ordered their classic Margarita, which is made so so well. They have a ton of different Margaritas on their menu, but I always get the classic as it is always good.Our appetizers were lobster tacos and another Mesa favorite, the duck pancake. The lobster tacos were a bit spicy, so I got to eat them all as the Boy doesn't do super spicy foods. The duck pancake was exquisite as always. For entrees, the Boy ordered scallops, which I had more than one bite of. I don't like scallops, but these were good. I ordered the rabbit which came with a bone in leg and some additional meat. So so yummy. I don't like bone in food, but I made an exception.For dessert we ordered the coconut cake to go (which didn't last into the morning). We ordered it last year so we knew it was good. It is very moist and the icing is not super sweet, but it is such a great compliment to the cake. We also ordered the banana pie for dining in which was splendid. Lots of bananas and great flavor. I cannot wait to go back and I am always looking for excuses to go back to Vegas.
5	I really don't know how to describe this food other than everything My wife and I got was DELICIOUS. We were feeling brave so we had our waiter Kent surprise us with two margaritas, two appetizers, and two meals. As crazy as this may sound, Kent already won our trust over by introducing himself and having a conversation with us at the bar prior to the restaurant opening. I'm not going to attempt to describe the dishes we got because It would be a disservice to the chef, but they were all GREAT.The appetizers Kent ordered for us were the tiger shrimp roasted corn tamale and the blue corn pancake. The tiger shrimp was the favorite of the two, but i feel that's more of a personal taste preference than anything because the Blu corn pancake was killer too!The entrees consisted of the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin and the grilled lamb porterhouse cops. Both were seasoned to perfection and complimented with the perfect sauces.If you're looking for a nice dinner to compliment your Vegas experience you can't go wrong coming here. Ask for Kent and if you have an open mind and an empty stomach have him order for you  :)
3	I was a bit disappointed with this MESA grill since I went to the one in Atlantis and absolutely loved it! This one in Las Vegas was only okay.I split the shrimp tamale appetizer and it was probably the best part of the meal.I ordered the filet mignon, and my mom ordered the lobster out of the shell. Unfortunately the lobster was more like a lobster thermidore which she wasn't expecting nor did she really enjoy.My steak was WAY under cooked from the way I ordered it. I couldn't eat a third of it because it was SO red. I got the queso mashed potatoes as a side and those were REALLY good...now that I think about it, those were probably the best part of my meal.I also ordered the pear margarita and it was really sweet and I couldn't really taste much tequila in it. Although I would happily return to the MESA in Atlantis, I probably wouldn't go back to this one.
1	Underwhelmed and left wishing I didn't eat that. To start, the hostess had all the charm a cinderblock . . . the vocabulary, too. Came for brunch and ordered the quesadilla appetizer to start with a Bloody Mary. Quesadilla was good, but not worth $16. Not hard to make something with bacon taste good. Bloody Mary was good too, but once again again not worth $10. For the main course I had the chiliquiles . . . He needs to review what a chiliquile is. What I got was a very dry corn tortillas, dense scrambled egg on top and some sauces drizzled over . . . Was more of a poorly constructed tostada if anything. Also, the grits were appalling, way over seasoned. The best thing about my visit here was the waiter. Polite, personable and attentive. Will not be coming back to this extremely over priced establishment.
4	Bests:Queso FundidoAhi tuna nachosShrimp tacosPretty good:Shrimp tamaleMesa burgerWouldn't order again;Chicken / sweet potato hash16 spice chicken salad
5	I will never go anywhere else for steak besides Mesa grill...I've never experienced any good service and food like this place...
4	Food was outstanding, service was slow but impecable. Their menu is unique and offers quite distinct combinations (ground coffee rubbed sirloin, and manchego filled chile rellenos). It is a mix of South American food with a modern Mexican twist.The ambience is chic, but area is roomy (hard to find in Vegas). Entrees run high on the price range, and they do not come with sides (the brussel sprouts with candied pecans and cranberries was delicious!). Every item was impressive, but again pricey for what you are getting, but then again... you are in Ceasar's palace.... All in all very pleased with our night!
5	This was our first time back to Vegas in 7 or 8 years. We ate at Mesa back then. This is the ONE place we wanted to go back to. There are so many choices in LV that we only wanted to try new places. But we had to go back to the Mesa Grill. We had brunch this time. If you are into Bobby Flay-type food, look no further.
5	Best meal I've had in a long time! Came here for lunch with the hubby and we got seated right away. Our server was courteous, knowledgeable and quick. We tried the goat cheese fundido (decent but tasty and unique) shrimp tacos (amazing), spicy chicken sweet potato hash (also amazing) and for dessert we had the banana cream pie. Bobby Flay did not disappoint! Each main entree is a flavor explosion in your mouth and you just don't want it to end. The dessert was rich without being overly sweet - a plus in my book. Def my go-to place next time I'm in Vegas, worth the splurge for lunch!!
3	***Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill showcases several good starters and entrees with generous portions, but the menu hardly changes; it is good option if you have never been, but if you have been to Mesa Grill, a return visit might leave you disappointed with the restaurant lacking the ambition to challenge itself and try new things (you cannot really blame the restaurant though given its popularity as well as customers' satisfaction with Mesa Grill's signature dishes)***I have been to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill a few times and it consistently delivers tasty and well prepared food.  Unfortunately, the menu also just seems to never change.  That is the case with a lot of Las Vegas restaurants (for example, Picasso's tasting menu features two courses that have been there forever).  Still, almost the entire menu at Mesa Grill has remained the same since my first visit a long time ago.The familiar menu has pros and cons.  What it has going for it is that a lot of the dishes are tried and true.  In addition, most guests come to Las Vegas rarely and would likely only dine at Mesa Grill once so the limited changes in the menu would not impact most customers.  On the other hand, the menu feels a tad dated; Mesa Grill does not really capitalize on the latest trends, progression in cooking techniques and popular protein cuts and produce.I started with their tiger shrimp with roasted garlic corn tamale.  It is a popular dish and for good reason.  The tamale was hearty and had a tasty and moist cornbread-like texture.  The shrimp was good and plump and the cilantro sauce was also nice though I personally would have preferred it to be spicier.For my entree, I went with their New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin, which was served with a bourbon and ancho chile sauce and a sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter.  Unlike the shrimp and corn tamale, this entree was incredibly spicy.  The pork had a rub that had a lot of heat (the sauce had some heat too).  There was nothing really there to cut the heat so it was the kind of dish you get tired and bored of eating (and may struggle to finish).The pork tenderloin (a very underappreciated cut) was cooked very nicely here.  The pork was tender and had a good amount of moisture, which is rare given the limited amount of fat with this cut.  The sweet potato tamale had a noticeable sweet potato flavor, but it lacked the more tamale-like texture of the corn tamale from my starter.My dessert was a sticky chocolate cake.  It was very similar to Mesa Grill's previous sticky toffee pudding.  The cake had a similar glaze too--warm and a mix of salty and sweet.  The cake itself was not that great--a standard grocery store-like cake (similar ordinary chocolate flavor and similar texture as what you would get at a Ralphs or Vons).  There was also just too much cake especially given that the ice cream was an almost ridiculously small portion.Service was fine.  The staff was pleasant and the food came out at a quick pace.  I felt the staff could have been more attentive.Prices are actually not that bad at Mesa Grill.  Prices are very high, but that is common with most Las Vegas restaurants.  At least, they serve very substantial portions and the quality of ingredients is good.The dining room is contemporary and showcases an open kitchen.  It is a very comfortable dining room.  Unfortunately, the restaurant is not completely closed in by glass as it may appear.  There are quite a few open areas where the large glass panes do not meet.  Given the proximity to the casino slot machines, cigarette smoke does waft in, which might create an undesirable dining experience if you are too close to the restaurant's outside wall.There are definitely some good (and even great) things about Mesa Grill.  They have a few delicious items on their menu and most of the food is well prepared.  If you have never been to Mesa Grill, it is worth a visit; the restaurant also feels more worth the money than other celebrity chef backed restaurants in Las Vegas.  If you have been already though, Mesa Grill is not as exciting; the menu does not change much so it does kind of feel like the kitchen is really just going through the motions.Mesa Grill is located in Caesars Palace.  Like most major hotels and casinos on The Strip, Caesars Palace offers both complimentary self and valet parking.
4	I'm typically wary of celebrity chef restaurants in Vegas, but I've been here twice, and my MO is to check the place out during brunch/lunch if you want to get a sampling of the famous food without paying the higher dinner prices. Mesa Grill didn't disappoint -- they start you off with a bread basket with various breads and muffins. The jalapeno cornbread was my favorite.We got the tuna nachos appetizer, and it was what you typically expect from an ahi tuna tartare. Not really anything special there, aside from the fancy-cut chips. They were good, but not mind-blowing. I probably wouldn't get them again next time, and go for a more adventurous app.The Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash was great. It had great depth of flavor and spice -- it also had kind of a vinegar-y kick to it that balanced out the starchy sweetness of the potato. Awesome dish.The New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin sandwich was also a great choice. The pork was perfectly cooked, and the sauce and arugula complemented the tender pork.Great meals both times I've been here -- and worth the slightly high price tag to say you've been to one of Bobby's restaurants.
3	Eating at Mesa Grill was like licking the inside of an ash tray.  The menu is awesome and the staff was friendly and professional.  The biggest problem with the restaurant is that it is totally open to the smoke filled casino.  You can't really appreciate a good wine or a good cut of steak when you can only smell and taste smoke. Mesa Grill is "just okay" and there are many better dining experiences on the strip.
5	Wow, Amazing and Delicious is all i can say! You start out with a bread-basket with some delicious cornbread, and a unique spread of other tasty breads.  I ordered the Spicy Chicken with Sweet Potato Hash and my wife ordered the Smoked Shrimp Tacos. My spicy chicken was super delicious and the cuts of chicken were tender too.  What i enjoyed most about the meal is how flavorful, light and filling it is; but not heavy.  My wife hit a home run with the Smoked Shrimp tacos, I actually preferred it over my meal, I loved the smoked flavor of the shrimp, and it tasted superbly excellent.For dessert we had the banana pudding which is a nice light dessert to end your dining experience. The service was excellent and attentive which I would have expected at an upscale restaurant like this. One of the best meals I have had in a long-time you will not be disappointed.
5	I love Bobby Flay so I was super excited to try this place.  I was so happy I did!!! From the bread basket to the dessert to the margaritas OH MY GOSH!!! Soooo gooood After a long drive from LA this was the best thing to have.  We started with the quesadilla and then I had the smoked salmon club with the fries they wete so good and we had the patron margarita with grand marnier so good!! If you are ever in Vegas you must try this place.
5	I would drive the 4 hours back to Vegas JUST to eat at this restaurant!
2	I've eaten a Mesa Grill during every trip I've taken to vegas in the last 4-5 years and it's always been top notch from making a reservation to the great steaks, but my most recent visit on January 21st was disappointing. We needed to change our reservation at the last minute and since we were staying at Caesars we first went through the concierge, but when we needed to speak with someone about a time change we were transferred directly to a hostess.  I've worked in restaurants for years and I know it can be stressful and people ask you to move mountains sometimes but I was just trying to add 2 people to our party and try and keep the reservation time as close to what it had been as possible. When I was told we'd need to come an extra hour later I needed to check with everyone first so I said I'd call back in a couple minutes. I called back using the same number 2 minutes later and the concierge said I didn't need to be transferred back and that they would move the reservation. Speed forward to 8:45 and the hostess finds our reservation moved but only for 4 people not 6. She IMMEDIATELY cops an attitude and tells me that she remembers my call and she knows that I needed a table for 6 not the reserved 4 and I can't just show up expecting them to add people AND she specifically told me I'd have to change the reservation to a later time...which I had done. I felt it necessary to point out to her that why would I have moved the res. an hour later if I was keeping the original party size. I was then told that the concierge isn't able to change reservations and I should called her back... I had tried to do just that and was told by the concierge they were capable. Long story slightly shorter this hostess was a total bitch and could use a lesson in customer service.  The customer isn't always right, but drop the attitude until you know you're right, ok? This whole experience really put me off of Mesa Grill especially after I ate later that week next door at Old Homestead and it was AMAZING. I'll spend my money where I'm getting the total package and not somewhere I'm getting the stink eye from some stuck up 20something
2	I really wanted to like this place because, yes, I'm one of those people that loves a great chef.  Maybe it was tinted by the fact that we had a few days of such wonderful meals elsewhere (Craftsteak at MGM for dinner and MOZen at the Mandarin for Sunday brunch were awesome) but this was really mediocre. Lobster tacos were just fine, my husband had the salmon and had the same response. The best selection would be mine which was the vegetarian chili relleno and I'm not a vegetarian. It was very flavorful and crispy; we both liked it best. My $16 margarita was so tasteless I ended up not finishing it. We realize that when we come to Las Vegas it is expensive and we expect that. When we went to Craftsteak, we spent $300 including the tip (we don't drink much) and we felt it was well worth it. But we left Mesa after spending $150 with tip and felt robbed. The service was good though.
1	Boring uninspiring lunch menu.  Many better more exciting places to goin Vegas.  Take a miss on Mesa.
4	Food was really good. Service was ok...the servers were nice, but I don't think service was fine dining worthy. This is more of a casual dining experience that happens to be expensive in price tag. haha. While delivering our food to us, our server dropped my hubbys rabbit on the floor :( I think the leg bone was stuck under the other plate and when he went to place it on the table, something happened and we just saw a rabbit hit the side of our table and fall to the floor. It was so so sad. The waiter apologized profusely (well, if "sorry brah, sorry sorry ah, so sorry bro" counts as profusely apologizing haha), and then said he will fire up a new one asap! Cool. Mistakes happen, so that's understandable. What I didn't like however, was that my scallop dish and our other side dishes were sent to wait under the warmer while a new rabbit was fired. It took around 8-9 minutes (umm yes, of course I timed it!). That means my scallop entree sat under a warmer for 8-9 minutes and so did my brussel sprouts and queso mashed potatoes. I don't know if that was the right call. I guess I can't expect them to make all new items, but it just was sad watching my scallops just sit there. It just felt like my food's quality suffered a bit because of their boo boo. That being said, the food was damn good. haha. The shrimp garlic corn tamale with cream sauce thing was soooooo good. I wanted like 3 more orders. The rabbit (when we did get it) was very tender and juicy and delicious, and the scallops in brown butter were yummy. The brussel sprouts had good flavor, but I wish they were more of a crispy style. Instead they were soggy and drowned in liquid. But the pomegranate was very unexpected and surprisingly very yummy when paired with the brussel sprout. Queso mashed potatoes was like a really thick mashed potato soup and was really yummmy :) Overall, I would definitely eat at Mesa again. I think the food itself was really delicious, I just don't know if service (from the sorry brah action, to the leaving my food on a warmer for 9 minutes) was up to par. I think that for the price tag you are paying (about $30 - $50 an entree), you expect a level of service that you just don't get here.
3	Mesa Grill was very good however it wasn't mind blowing. I expected to be whisked away to some amazingly delicious Iron Chef Bobby Flay land, alas I was not. I had the Lamb Porterhouse with Tamale and sides of Spinach and Sweet Potatoes. All was delicious - we first sat at the bar to wait for table. Bad thing no draught beers here - only bottles. The bartender handed us breadsticks, which had a nice spicy element. After a 45 minute wait, we finally were taken to our table. The waiter was nice however did not give us the lowdown on the fare, as a typical establishment of this type is expected to - maybe he was too busy?  When the food arrived, the lamb was cooked a little under, however seasoned well and had a nice spicy kick from the serrano peppers on top. The sweet poatatoes were sweet and had a nice firm bite, not hard or raw. The spinach also was good.Overall the food was good but not impressive as you would an Iron Chef restaurant to be.
3	This restaurant is not southern.  I was expecting some gumbo or jumbalaya and got some sort of mesh of favors that were hit and miss.  It is not so much a restaurant as it is a chemistry experiment.  The dishes here that are good are interesting combinations of favors I haven't had before.  Because this restaurant seems to me just an experiment to test people's tolerance for someone's best idea for a crazy chem-lab you'll have to go to try for yourself.It isn't southern anything.  It is lunar.
5	Had another amazing meal here on my latest trip to Vegas. Definitely recommend the ahi nachos, filet and pork tenderloin. I'm not sure what the sauce is on the pork but it was one of the best entrees that I have ever had. I love love love this place and always try to get a meal in here whenever I'm in town.
4	Tried it as part of Restaurant Week kickoff and we were pleasantly surprised by the food. Ordinarily we steer away from any celebrity-named restaurant but quality was terrific as was the service. Reservations are a must. We split the blue tortilla duck and shrimp tamale appetizers, which were quite good. We both ordered the coffee-coated tenderloin, which turned out to be fork-tender and a slight but pleasant kick from the ancho sauce. Desserts were nothing to write home about; the chocolate pudding tasted like something from out of the can and the coconut cake definitely had been baked earlier in the week, frozen and then thawed for the weekend rush. We'll probably go back for a special occasion - it's a bit pricey; our waiter said Mondays tend to be the best night, less crowded. It's also very very noisy and you're elbow to elbow with the next table, very reminiscent of New York City restaurants.
4	During a Bachelorette weekend, one of the girls in our party hooked our group into coming here for lunch to experience what she dubbed a "life changing burger." As the token vegan of the group, I was apprehensive on what I'd be able to eat.Enter the Brussels Sprouts Salad!Let's start by taking a look at it... http://bit.ly/1kN3ySz Pretty, right? Shaved brussels sprouts mixed with thinly sliced gala apples and pomegranate pearls. The Spicy Tangerine Vinaigrette had some kick to it. This usually comes with goat cheese but I think it's very tasty without it. Pretty filling too and totally perfect after a night of drinking.As for the "life changing burger," I heard no complaints from our table.Btw, the bread basket looked pretty amazing. It was filled with mini muffins and baked goods, both sweet and savory. While I didn't partake, the other ladies in the group were raving about it.
3	Good food but so expensive comparing For the food they serve, the service is great the margaritas need to be better although they said it was made from scratch but didn't buy that
2	Skip this place, no really, skip it.  The margaritas are okay, but the food is sub par, especially for a town like Vegas.  Went there for restaurant week and my friend ordered the shrimp tacos.  Usually when you order a taco plate at a restaurant they list how many comes with it.  Mesa didn't and I had a funny feeling about it, like there would only be 2 instead of 3 which you find at most places.  Not only was I right to be suspicious about that, but when they came out she had to put them together herself.  It was like someone threw the ingredients on a plate, after they were cooked, and expected the diner to put them together.  Really?I ordered the burger, and it was okay, but at $16 I've had burgers for half the price be twice as good a countless number of times.  Mesa, the only bad restaurant in Caesar's, don't go if you don't have to.
5	Absolutely the best meal we had in Las Vegas.  The food was flavorful, and the service was impeccable.  If you are in Vegas, making the trip through the maze in Caesars Palace to find Mesa Grill is 100% worth it.My husband had the coffee encrusted filet mignon with a side of spiced sweet potatoes.  He swears it was probably the best steak he has ever had! (This from Mr. "Always orders the steak"). I wasn't as hungry, so I opted for an appetizer.  I thoroughly enjoyed the tiger prawns, roasted garlic tamale, and cilantro sauce.The food was amazing at the tables on either side of us as well - we could hear them exclaiming about it!  As good as the food was - the service managed to equal it.  I've never had my water refilled so often, the waitress be so knowledgable (we had wine questions), or the bus boys be so efficient.  Amazing, and all without ever feeling like someone was hovering over our table.Go to the Mesa Grill.  Even if Bobby Flay didn't personally cook our meal, the people there on a daily basis are infinitely qualified!
1	Terrible disappointment.  It was a special celebration. We had reservations, and still had to wait for 30 minutes for a table, just to be seated right next to the kitchen doors.  Ah, no.  Asked for another table, ended up waiting for another 30 minutes, followed by a snarky comment from one of the Hostesses "Don't they know they are at the Mesa Grill"?  Really?   Finally got another table just be ignored by a lazy waiter. Ordered a bowl of black bean soup, that may have been better had it been warm. SO WE LEFT.  Never again Bobby Flay.  Your restaurant and your employees are not worth the time or our hard earned dollar.
5	I am a local so I have been here several times . . . Always love - love - love the food, especially the pork tenderloin.  My husband and I went there a week or so ago before attending Absinthe (also great).  In a rare moment I decided to go for the stuffed poblano Chile...OMG. . .This sucker was stuffed with eggplant. . .cheese - dusted with corn mean. . .before cooking. . .It might be the best vegetarian mean I have ever had.  My only suggestion would be to add something to the plate.  Some little side of rice or maybe a small piece of corn bread.  You are only served one (large) but it is kinds of lonely on the plate.  Hubby got salmon . . . he thoroughly enjoyed his mean as well.This place is always crowded so make a reservation . . . The staff was aware that we had a show reservation and made every effort to accommodate our schedule even suggesting a back door exit to be nearer to the theater entrance.  Mesa Grill has been at Caesars for a long time. It is consistently excellent.  I have seen many "glamour chefs" open and close restaurants on the Strip. . Not so with Bobby Flay and the Mesa Grill.
3	Pretty good but overpriced.I was looking forward to eating at Mesa but left disappointed. Nothing went wrong. I just expected better. Service was great. Nice ambiance inside. Its easy to forget you're in the middle of a casino. However, the meal itself just didn't measure up to my expectations. Yeah it's in Vegas & owned by a celebrity chef so we expected to spend a few hundred dollars but we also expected it the be a great meal. It wasn't. I'd say somewhere between okay and pretty good but by no means great. Of the dishes that I remember...APPETIZERSBread Basket - not an app but still worth mentioning. it's full of different kinds of bread and the jalapeno cheese corn bread it good. grab it before someone else at your table does. Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ Duck - pretty good. the BBQ sauce carried most of the flavor and you couldn't taste the duck. still pretty good though.Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale - good flavor combinations. proly my favorite item overall. kinda small though. Looking at the name I was thinking they were serving Tiger Prawn but these are just regular-ass scrimps. Tuna Nachos - Meh. pretty creative but didn't come with a lot of flavorENTREESFilet - filet was good but I wouldn't put it in my top 5 & considering it was $50, I feel like it really should have been better. The temperature was right on the money but it was just missing something. Grilled Chicken - i thought grilled chicken would be way to boring for a Bobby Flay restaurant but it's on the menu. It's exactly what you think it is...grilled chicken. It was juicy but again nothing to get excited about. Pan Seared Sea Scallops - These were actually pretty good.I also ordered 2 margaritas and they were on par with everything else...so so. I really wanted to luv this place but the items we tried just didn't live up to the hype. Would I eat there again? Maybe for lunch. Dinner wasn't worth $325 for 4 ppl in my opinion.
5	We walked in with out a reservation and the hostess was so gracious and found us a seat on a busy night. The restaurant is beautiful and very clean, they layout fresh linens after tables clear. We ordered our meal and told the server that we would be sharing our meals with each other. He brought us extra plates and when our Filet came out they had cut it in half for us. Food was amazing! We had the Sophie's Chopped Salad, the Chili Relleno, and the Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon. We also part took in the libations. I had the Saratoga and my sis got the Mesa Grill Margarita, both were well rounded drinks made with excellent liquor. Good Job Bobby Flay! One of our new favorites in Las Vegas.
4	I had an excellent experience at Mesa. The service was quick, the server was knowledgeable, making some excellent recommendations --try the blue pancake and tiger shrimp. The margaritas were superb and my lamb was cooked perfectly and was full of flavor and heat. Vegas restaurants, especially celebrity restaurants are overrated and after being disappointed at Thomas Keller's Bouchon at the Venetian, Mesa Grill was a welcome surprise. Recommended!
5	I don't LOVE Mesa Grill, it would be more accurate to say I am  IN LOVE with Mesa Grill. I have been 15-20 times over the last 5 years and had just about everything on the menu. Perhaps because of this the negative reviews sort of infuriate me. Mesa Grill is not Chilis- yes they both proclaim to offer great southwestern food but Mesa Grill is a big girl restaurant- they don't serve southwest egg rolls or big mouth bites. They don't have a 20 page long menu with 5,000 items on it. Food costs more than 4.99 during happy hour. These shouldn't be controversial facts but apparently they are enough to justify a negative rating. There needs to be some sort of basic restaurant literacy exam you take before you can post reviews on yelp. Wait, hold on, did negative yelp reviews just turn me into a tea party republican? Ruh roh....DrinksRegular margarita- I know a lot of people don't like to get adventerous with their drinks and if that is the case you can't go wrong with the house margarita- it is not as sweet as you may be used to with many places now putting agave nectar in their drinks but it is not face puckeringly bitter. Cactus Pear - this is the best by far. Yes it is pink, that doesn't mean it isn't manly. Appetizers- in OrderBlue Corn Lobster Tacos- Winner. These are so frigging good its ludicrous. I normally don't like relish, fennel or hananero and yet I love this relish. Blue Corn pancake- comes with tasty duck meat and a slightly spicy sauceChicken Black Bean Quesadilla- the garlic sauce that comes on this is slightly more addictive than heroin. Goat Cheese Queso- its not quite dippable queso but is also not actual gross fundido- pretty tasty. Entres- In orderPork Tenderloin- this one is always on the restaurant week menu so I have had more than my fair share of it. it is super delicious. It comes with three different sauces on the plate (for three pieces of tenderloin) and they are all good. It also comes with a sweet potato tamale thing that is amazing.Veal Chop- I don't like horseradich so I get it without- other than that this dish is perfect. I think the tamale is cheese (goat cheese?) - I'm not really sure because I inhaled it before I could figure it out. Bone in Ribeye- this is an outstanding steak for a non steak restaurant. Its like 50 bucks- less than you would pay at Carne Vino and the like. It has a really good smoky glaze on it so if you are a steak purist (only want meat taste) this is probablynot for youSide Dishes- In orderSweet potato GratinTwice baked potatoDesertThis changes a lot- the churros and any pie I have had have all been top notch.
5	I LOVE BOBBY FLAY. I seriously got an allergy attack here and I STILL love it. (I don't know what ingredient I was allergic to but that's my own fault. I refuse to blame Bobby Flay for it because I adore him.) The bartender was really friendly and she kept raving about how much she loved working for BF. I had the ahi tuna "nachos" with these amazingly delicious puff nachos. I also had the butternut squash or pumpkin soup which I devoured like a mad woman. The peach margarita was delectable! I'd definitely return!
2	I'm in town for Cinema con and tried to make a reservation here for 12 people.  I was told they could do 8 and 4, but couldn't put the tables together.  Nothing I could do so I took them.  When we arrived I asked again about putting tables together and was told no.  8 of us were in the private dining where there were 5 tables of 8 and our 8 were the only people in there!  All the other tables remained empty the whole time we were dining and my other 4 guests had to sit in the dining room! Come on folks, does this make any sense??
4	We visited Mesa Grill during restaurant week before Celine Dion concert, It is right next to the Colosseum, so perfect for a nice not rushed meal prior to the performance. I had the cactus pear margarita, shrimp and corn tamale, Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon and Trio Of Sorbet. The shrimp and corn tamales was me given a shot at faith. I had always disliked tamales because of some certain flavor that I always tasted, but I gave it a shot with the limited selection of restaurant week. It was AMAZING. The corn tamale was creamy and more corn flavored than anything. The shrimps were juicy and chewy.The next is the coffee rubbed filet mignon. I don't normally use all capital, but this dish deserve all capital. It was DELICIOUS!! The filet mignon is cooked to perfection. Even though the chef slice is through the middle making it like sandwich for some weird reason. Never had it served that way. I'm still savoring the taste. A definitely must order there.The trio of sorbet consisted of cactus, coconut and mango. I was expecting a more slushie texture sorbet like it usually is. I was pleasantly surprised that it was thick and creamy. When I was eating the mango, I was overwhelmed with spiciness. Apparently it was mango with cayenne pepper. Immediately eating the coconut after definitely soothes it. Give it a try!
5	My husband made it a point to come here before we left Vegas earlier this month. We were here on a Sunday morning for brunch and Bobby Flay did not disappoint one bit! The menu was spot on and uncomplicated. I love that especially when I'm at one of these celebrity Chef restaurants, I want to try everything so keeping it simple for me is a good thing.Run down:Goat Cheese Queso FundidoCrispy Bacon Hash Brown QuesadillaBBQ Lamb Cobb SaladGreen Chile Cheese BurgerOMG, none of these disappointed and we left feeling stuffed but not greasy and disgusting like at some other places. The food was fresh and outstanding! When we're back in Vegas we will have to try the dinner menu.
5	Very good food, and great service!The waiter was really nice and helpful, when we didn't know what we wanted exactly he gave us really good suggestions that we ended up following. His suggestions were great because I had no complaints about the food and the food was amazing.For an appetizer we had the Garlic Shrimp Tamale. It was delicious, the shrimp were perfectly cooked and the sauce went so well with the shrimp. Also the tamale really went with the shrimp.We had 4 things, the Pork Tenderloin, Veal chop, Lamb chop and the roasted Brussels sprout salad . The Pork tenderloin was very soft and the sauce went well with it. I also liked how all the meat dishes came with a tamale, each with a different taste to go with it. It's been a quite a while since I ate at Mesa grill so I forgot what went with the Pork Tenderloin, I think it was a sweet Tamale. The Veal chop was so moist and soft. The ratio of fat to meat was perfect. The reason I really liked the Veal chop was that it was really juicy, but the juices don't flow out of the meat, but instead stay in the chop. I think the tamale I got with the Veal chop was a cheesy one. The Lamb chop was also really good, which is saying something as I don't normally like the taste of lamb. The brussel sprout salad was also delicious. The brussel sprouts were perfectly charred, and the pomegranates added a nice sweet touch.I highly recommend eating here
4	Pricey but a wonderful spot for brunch on the Vegas Strip. The location is also great for the boys when theres a big game -- grab a good seat in the middle of the main glass dining area and they can view and cheer along to all the TV's in the surrounding Caesars Sports Book.Menu is a bit small/limited and mimosas add up at a pricey $12 a flute, but their tiger shrimp tamale and spicy chicken sweet potato hash has me looking forward to coming back to give their full dinner menu a try. Bobby Flay's flavors are spot-on and worth a visit/return; plus the complimentary varietal bread basket is also a lovely touch.
3	The server is really nice,  he was very accommodating to dietary restrictions, which I really appreciated.  My main concern was that the food was more spicy then I would have liked...it was good but the spicy made it hard to eat enjoyably. Bread basket rocked...I actually came here because it was highly recommended to me.
5	Appetizers: Lobster tacos and Tiger Shrimp Tamale -- both outstanding. Entrees: The pork tenderloin was the most tender and flavorful pork we've ever had, while the grilled chicken had a spicy, tangy sauce on it that I am still dreaming about. It was such an interesting flavor.Sides: The brussels sprouts were delicious!Bobby Flay definitely did not disappoint. Overall an amazing and very worthwhile meal!
5	Sit at the bar. You get free amazing spicy pretzel breadsticks that are TO DIE FOR.Oh that bread basket... still the best.Got Chile Relleno. One of the best things I have ever tasted in my life.Tuna steak was DELISH.Seriously.. so good.Dinner portions are pricey and were smaller than lunch. I suggest lunch time and a bar seat if you can.Foodies, you MUST eat at Mesa. Bobby, you must marry me and cook for me.
5	My friends and I hit this place up last week and I must say, hands down one of the best meals I have ever had, try the duck, steak and mahi!!!!!
3	A bit disappointed in my meal. Wife had the shrimp tamale, enjoyed it. I had the veal chop and ordered a plantain tamale instead of goat cheese tamale.Veal chop was ok but at $48 not amazing enough. I couldn't eat the plantain tamale, it was starch + starch + sugar = blech, and I love both tamales and plantains.Brussels sprouts were in syrup, would have much preferred a crisper sautee with bacon. Also didn't finish those.Blue corn duck pancake was tasty. Spicy pork was also quite tasty. Our waiter recommended a sweet Riesling to match our meals, it worked for my father-in-law's pork but was odd with my veal.Ordered the cactus margarita, fine but not outstanding.
3	We ate here a few times in last few years. Just now catching up with all my review. Not my favorite place to eat. My daughter loves it so I have been here few times. I have to be honest I hate cilantro so that explains my love/hate relationship I have with Mexican food. If I can find something without cilantro I am good unfortunately here I think they sneak it in a lot. I would  always get the ancho chile chicken (which I see is no longer on the menu) but it was always just ok. Daughter loved the tamales which she actually made at home following his recipe but still not a fan. Service was iffy some good some just bad.
5	Great place!!We came here with a group of 7 for dinner around 9:00pm on a Tuesday. Our server and all the other servers were very attentive. Our server had very good knowledge with the menu and was helpful and willing to answer any questions. I got the scallops and they were delicious!! They had a delicious sauce with them and were cooked perfectly. Everyone's plates came out in a timely manner, and they were all played beautifully. The queso fundido was also very good that we got as an appetizer! I would definitely be back and want to try different things on the menu! :)
4	Update.  Have been back 2-3 times since our first visit and Mesa Grill has more than made up for the things that were lacking during our initial experience!  It's a must stop for at least a cocktail every time we are in Vegas!
2	Came here for my friend's birthday on April 3rd and left not satisfied. Our group was only a four top and being that we are all in the industry we are extremely flexible. We had an hour to eat and we immediately let the server know that we did not mind if the meal was not coursed out. We ordered the chicken quesadillas and tiger shrimp tamale to start. One of our guests is unable to eat cilantro and we asked if the kitchen could omit the cilantro and she immediately said no, that it was their signature dish. I understand if a first wants to add something to a signature dish they would alter the flavor however just omitting cilantro shouldn't have been a problem. So our guest could not have one of the appetizers. The same guest then ordered the chicken and asked if that could be done without cilantro. The server said okay, however when it came out it was covered in it and she could not eat her dish. The rest of the party that did not have cilantro in their dishes offered to trade, so we got through it. My lamb chops were ordered medium and came out rare to medium rare in parts. Same for two of the steaks the were ordered medium rare came out either extremely rare or well done in parts. I know that we  rushed our meal but this still does not explain the overall preparation of our meal and how short it fell.Definitely not the best celebration experience for the money. Would've been better off at stacked which I went for my two year anniversary and was extremely wowed. Service: horribleFood: good, not amazingChance of returning: not likely
4	Had lunch here last Saturday afternoon and the 4 stars are just for the food because the service was terrible...well at least our server was absolutely unattentive and almost completely silent except when he absolutely had to speak to take our order and then it was like pulling teeth...we actually had to ask if we could have a moment of his time to order dessert.  The guest at the table next to us took notice and mentioned it to her server who (to her credit) proceeded to try and make up for the lack of customer service from our own server... That being said, we had the sweet potato soup, shrimp tamale, new mexico chili rubbed pork sandwich, deep dish banana cream pie, and toasted coconut cake. All the food was delicious and prepared perfectly.
2	I wasn't impressed.  Being an "iron chef" and always watching hes shows I guess my expectations we're to high. To me the service was slow and the food was mediocre nothing very memorable. I don't think I would go back.  Im going to try hes new burger restaurant in hopes that I have a better experience.
5	This is one of my fav places.  Food is amazing.  Love that the menu changes and has different types of game meats.  Definitely should make reservations!!
2	Since I am one of the 50% of the population that hate cilantro (see "I Hate Cilantro.com), our waiter said the only thing the kitchen could offer was a burger!  Come on, Chef Flay, you're kidding, right?  Everything was already pre-made with the nasty green herb.  Such a disappointment for lunch, will never return.
4	The food here is phenomenal. Even the bread basket we started with was delicious, made up of a fresh cornmuffin, a sweet bread with raisins baked inside, and another bread with jalepeno pieces baked in giving it a tiny bite. Dined here with my hubby during our Vegas weddingmoon and we were very pleased. The lobster tacos are fresh and yummy as a starter, comes w/ 3 bite size tacos. The tiger shrimp appetizer is a must. The creamy corn sauce with fresh cilantro goes so well with the shrimp. For an entree I got the pork tenderloin, something I typically wouldn't order but it was highly recommended by a frequent diner. It was the perfect portion size for me. The meat was tender and delicious, complimented by flavors of black pepper and some slightly spicy orange sauce that was awesome. Also got a side of the queso mashed potatoes sprinkled with fresh herbs (maybe chives?)...very creamy and delicious. Only complaint is that I ordered a mixed drink that tasted as if it was made with cheap, bad alcohol. If I'm paying an arm and a leg to wine & dine in Sin City, it's pretty disappointing to be served a poor quality cocktail.
4	I came here with a friend who convinced me that this was one of the best restaurants that he had eaten at and that we had to go here for a second dinner!We jumped in a cab and headed over here to Caesers  from Hard Rock.  We did not have a reservation and the 25 mt wait was not too bad. Not like there is nothing to do or see here. The decor was nice, not too loud like most other Vegas establishments. The brussels sprout salad was great. The pork chop was amazing and the churro for dessert was the piece de resistance. It was well worth it. It was a very good meal and Mr Bobby Flay has another winner here.
3	Not a bad brunch. The cactus pear iced tea was tasty and quite refreshing. The goat cheese queso fundido was amazing! My wife can't take a lot of spice, so we got the blistered Serrano vinaigrette on the side, which proved to be a wise call, though it was tasty. The main dishes just weren't quite as successful, though. My wife got the scrambled eggs chilaqules which were supposed to have a tomatillo sauce. I make my own tomatillo sauce all the time, and this wasn't one. It was made from hatch chilies or something similar. She didn't really enjoy it. I got the green chile cheeseburger and wasn't terribly impressed. It was just too heavy and was in desperate need of acid or something to brighten it up. The fries, however, were delicious and well seasoned. I'm sure some other main dishes might be more successful, but the apps, teas, and fries were world class.
5	Excellent food. Good service, no hats allowed. Idk why that is a rule, but it's cool. The 4 things ordered to my table: NY Strip, Salmon, Top Sirloin and some kind of chicken breast my boring ass dad ordered. I had the steak, you can't cook it much better, and the twice baked potato will make you squirm in your seat with pleasure. Haha. Ok the salmon.....idk exactly how they do it, but this salmon was just perfect. The complimentary pre meal bread was lame, other than that...yeah....no complaints, worth it. Eat here. Sneak into the back and slap Bobby on the butt for the nice little spot he's got there. (He's not there)
5	Absolutely fabulous!You cannot go wrong with any Mesa Grill!Our table had seafood, steak, lamb, and pork, everything was perfect.Great service, great atmosphere and great food!
5	Mesa Grill is quite simply superb.I have been wanting to try Bobby Flay's food for quite some time.  I was not disappointed...I ate at the bar - the bar staff enjoyed helping me pick cocktails and my meal as well as making great suggestions.  I just want to note - how excited and friendly the bar staff were.  I was dining alone and they made me feel welcome and had a lot of pride in making sure my 'experience' was just that - something I would remember.  They delivered on that by being friendly, knowledgable and genuinely excited to provide a first class experience.A Mojito to drink and for starter I had the Yucatan Chicken Skewers...Excellent..For Main Course I had the honey chipotle glazed bone in Ribeye - a stunning steak, tender and delicious..Overall an A+ experience - so good I ate there the next night too :-)Well done Mesa Grill Staff - Everything was perfect and I cant wait to eat there again.Martin B
3	FALLEN MICHELIN STARThere are some people who don't Bobby Flay because he seems to be cocky. Let's not forget he's classical trained and because of that he's one of the few celebrity chefs in Food Network who gives great cooking tips. I went here because this was the only Michelin Star that he ever earned. This restaurant is no longer a Michelin Star. (Michelin no longer does star ratings on Las Vegas restaurants.) I've eaten at a number of Michelin Star restaurants, but I've eaten at restaurants that were at that time were Michelin Star rated but no longer has a star (Fleur de Lys and Alexander's Steakhouse). So eating here would provide me a good comparison to restaurants that are currently Michelin Star rated and those who were in the past.I ate here last night. The menu is straightforward a la carte unlike the trendy tasting menu. My server recommended the signature dish is the New Mexico Pork Tenderloin. He also said Mesa is known for their margaritas. I had two items that I plan to ordered. I always see Flay mentioning about blue corn. There were two blue corn items: 1) Blue Corn Pancake 2) Blue Corn Lobster Tacos.  At the suggestion of my server I ordered the lobster tacos.The Mesa Grill Margarita arrived before any of my dishes. It was a refreshing drink to start with. The first dish was the lobster tacos. For $20 I was disappointed. There are 3 mini tacos in a blue corn shell. You can taste the spices and lobster however I couldn't taste the blue corn. I should have ordered the Blue Corn Pancake. The entree, which is the signature dish of Mesa Grill, New Mexico Pork Tenderloin was a tastier dish than the lobster tacos. This is one of the more underrated spiciest dishes I ever had. There are the medallions that are covered in spices. Eating this dish takes a while to finish. But in doing so you enjoy each pork medallion, which was moist and tender. I decided not to order dessert.So what was the verdict? When I go a fine dining restaurant I want to learn what its cuisine is about. Mesa is supposed to be known for southwest flavors. However when I ate here last night I never understood what southwest flavors were. From other Michelin Star restaurants I've eaten I learned and understood what their cuisine was. Two prime examples are two restaurants in San Francisco: Boulevard and Aziza. When I ate at Boulevard I understood what California cuisine is. When I ate at Aziza I understood what Moroccan cuisine is. But to be fair to Mesa, in comparison to other former Michelin Star restaurants, Mesa is better than Fleur de Lys (San Francisco) but not as good as Alexander's Steakhouse (Cupertino). I think a 3-star rating in my book is fair.Will I eat at Mesa again? Maybe. However I regret not ordering the Blue Corn Pancake and Chile Relleno. If I did maybe rating would be different. Who knows in the future if Michelin would start rating Las Vegas restaurants?  If Michelin does I can't see Mesa garner its star back at the moment.
4	In my opinion it is nothing stellar, maybe I wasn't quite into the menu as my boyfriend was. It is still a great meal Bobby Flay delivers as usual the service was very attentive to each detail, really enjoyed that.
5	Mesa Grill never disappoints. I recommend the blue corn pancake, the chile rubbed pork tenderloin, and the lamb chops. The margaritas are potent and they have a good wine list.As with any celebrity chef restaurant, you won't see anyone you know in the kitchen, but the staff here consistently gives good service and good food. We end up booking a dinner here every year and we always leave happy. And since you will always get lost in Caesar's Palace, the tip to finding this restaurant is to look for the sports book. It's adjacent to that.
1	Horrible customer service. Servers were rude and got our order wrong. We will not be going back. The food was decent but not worth the hassle.
4	One word, phenomenal. Not only is the food delicious, the service is as well. Worth every penny. I had the tiger shrimp corn garlic tamale the sauce really pulled this together. I wanted to ring out the corn husk it was served in to get every last bit of it. My entree was a cornmeal crusted chile relleno. Great presentation and an even better taste. All I can say here is make reservations.......
5	Service is excellent! Food is fantastic. Can't say the same for other restaurants in caesars P. definitely will make this the place to go, when we visit again.
3	Went for brunch and got the blue corn buttermilk waffle with the spicy mango glazed bacon...yum! Great wait staff, nice mellow atmosphere and good food!
5	Great food and excellent service. I come here almost every time I'm in Las Vegas.The food is very consistent and never a disappointment. All dishes are well seasoned. Very good wine and beer selection. The coconut cake is the best dessert on the menu in my opinion.Be sure to call ahead for a reservation as it does get quite busy most evenings.
4	First, we would have given 5 stars but the host told us he could sit us immediately if we left our table within an hour. BTW, we had RSPV'd and showed up 5 minutes early.The food is very good! The scallops with the grits were delicious! The BF had the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops and the plantain tamale was AMAZING!!
5	Great dinner.  Easily one of the best in my life.  Great service, excellent food.  Make sure you share.  Get appetizers.  Lobster tacos were to die for!
4	taste, and presentation was excellent , service was not at same level but it's worth the trip, best chile relleno and quest fundido I've ever had!
4	There were five of us who came and decide to share. Sixteen spice chicken saladTiger shrimp tamaleGreen chili cheese burger Tuna nachosOur favorite was the tiger shrimp tamale. It has such an amazing flavor! Onthe burger I enjoyed the flavors of the green chili but the rest of the burger was just a burger to me. FYI, the Tuna nachos were literally just tuna and some chips on the side. The sixteen spice chicken salad was pretty good, the chicken was so tender and moist! I don't know why I didn't come here before!
5	Pork tenderloin was amazing........ and the stuff chili relleno.The sweet Potatoe soup and any salad is really good!! I love mesa grill. Just make sure you make reservations it's packed all the time. We did end up eating at the bar because we were hungry and didn't want to wait. And the service as the bar was jst as good, I really enjoyed it. Although for the price I would recommend getting a table so you can really relax. Anything you order on this menu is delicious
5	Amazing food! Great service! A variety of food and drink options. I will go again next time I'm in Vegas! If you want a great meal in a lovely atmosphere, this is the place to go!
4	I was so very excited to get a chance to eat here.  We shared the goat cheese fundido with blue corn chips and peppers.  This was recommended by the couple sitting next to us, who had just shared the appetizer.  They were right,  so so SO glad I ordered that.  Entrees ordered at our table was the tenderloin and chicken.  Both were great!  The tenderloin is super spicy, but it hits your palate a little later.  All the food was incredible.  And oh my goodness, the bread!  I know, what's exciting about bread?!  Blue corn muffins...yes please!!!  The others were raisin bread and a jalapeno bread.  Awesome!!  My husband and I were still talking about it the next day!Serving staff was friendly and attentive and never let our water glasses go empty.  The only complaint I had was that the person taking the plates away actually took them while we were still eating on them.  My example: we finished off the goat cheese appetizer and still had about 5 or 6 chips left on the plate.  The guy (not our waiter) came over and took our plate while I still had a chip in my hand, clearly it was still eating.  Now, granted I wasn't assertive and didn't say anything.  Overall good experience!  I would visit again if I come back to Vegas!!(Love Bobby Flay's recipes on Food Network!)
5	We had a great lunch.  The Blue Corn pancake with BBQ duck was super.  My wife has the hot smoked salmon club and I had the Yucatan chicken skewers.  Both were excellent.
3	3.5 to be more accurate. We came here the first night of our Vegas trip. We arrived late to our reservation due to incorrect navigation, but the staff was very polite and understanding and still seated us right away. The customer service here is above average. We were soon greeted by our server who was very knowledgable about the menu and recommendations. We ordered the rabbit and a chicken quesadilla. The rabbit was cooked perfectly and the sauce that accompanied it was delicious! They also had a couscous with the rabbit that was so amazing! Even though it was a side, the couscous was my favorite of all the items we had here. The quesadilla was also very tasty, and it was a far more simple dish. Neither dish was over the top amazing, but both were cooked perfectly and had good flavor. The reason for the lack of stars in this review is due to the price. Although both dishes were great, to me, the prices were too high for overall experience.
5	I decided to give this place a try being that Bobby Flay is one of my favorite celebrity chefs and love his food ideas. I had the sweet potato tamales! So good! Gotta have them! Oh, and the corn muffins that they give you in the bread basket.....TO DIE FOR! Love the service and the food was good. The atmosphere was nice as well.  Round of applause to that.
5	This place was great. Came here with a group of friends amd we all were very impressed with the waitor's knowledge of everything on the menu down to thier taste. We all ordered the tiger shrimp appetizer to start and it was sooooo good. To drink I had the peach magarita,which was amazing!  For the entree, I ordered the grilled lamb chops, and they literally melted in my mouth. Everthing came in excellent timing. I would gladly come back to mesa grill as they have exceeded my expectations with their food,drinks and service.
5	Awesome! One of the best meals we've had. Great fresh intense sw flavors. Lobster tacos awesome. Shrimp w tamale awesome. Coffee rubbed filet amazing. Chile relleno very good not over the top but vg. Twice baked pot and roasted corn sides were good not amazing but good. Great service cool atmosphere. Margaritas and mojitos were great too. We be back!
4	Our lunch was 16 spice chicken salad, green chile cheeseburger, romaine salad and goat cheese queso. Thumbs up on all the dishes. One drawback for vegetarians is that they couldn't separate the chicken from the chicken & black bean quesadilla, because they said it was pre-mixed.  Peaceful interior, not infused with casino music.
5	Wow!  Loved it. Tuna nachos. Sweet potato soup and Mesa burger made for a wonderful lunch. My wife and I left very happy!!! Thanks Mesa grill.
5	Make sure to get the lobster tacos as an appetizer and the corn with whatever you get. Ivan was the best waiter's assistant! So attentive, so polite, and went ABOVE and beyond to accommodate my 75 year old mom's request. Thank you, Ivan! You totally deserve a raise and paid vacation!!!!
4	Some friends recommended Mesa Grill and it did not disappoint! I had the filet and it was the best steak I have ever had! It was so tender it was like butter. My wife had chicken and it was also amazing! The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 was the dessert. I had the the banana cream pie and it was okay, not great. Wife had the coconut cake and she said the same thing about hers. They also had tables really close to each other which didn't feel very private. I felt like the people on each side of us were listening to our conversation.
4	Food is very good. Everything is clean and the service is spot on. Not typical mexican food.
5	Great spot to get a nice dinner in Vegas. A good mixture of mexican-american cuisine. I had the coffee-rubbed filet, which was amazing.
5	The Tiger shrimp and pork tenderloin were awesome. If you're very sensitive to spices though, you might not like it.  Otherwise, my only minor complaint was that the shrimp were small but so delicious. Service was impeccable.
2	We went to Mesa Grill with high expectations. The selections on the menu were enticing, and we settled in for what we hoped would be a very special meal. Overall, the experience was quite disappointing. My wife ordered a steak and was very specific and emphatic regarding how she wanted it prepared, but the waiter decided on his own to adjust the instructions to the kitchen to what he thought was appropriate. The result was an undercooked steak, relative to my wife's very specific instructions. My selection of rabbit with risotto was good, but nothing extraordinary. Our overall experience was "so-so" food, not prepared to our request, and very high prices. There are far better places in Las Vegas. We will not be back to Mesa Grill.I would not recommend this to a friend.
5	Mushroom quesadillas phenomenal. Chili relleno was excellent and the banana cream pie was perfect.  This is truly a great restaurant.
4	Delicious. Maybe not the best steak I've ever had or lobster I've ever had, but by far the best seasoning and spice I've ever ever had. Awesome.
4	We went here for dinner last night . I must say it was very good . I had the New York steak and mashed potatoes . The potatoes were the best ! The steak was tasty. Our server was very attentive, although not the friendliest. It's pretty pricey .. But worth it !
5	The food was awesome!! I would highly recommend the coffee rubbed steak. The service was great and the waiter was very helpful. A must go to in Vegas!!
3	Excellent! Had the goat cheese fondue and it was delicious. The peppers in the cheese is what made this dish. I highly recommend this appetizer. I ordered the tenderloin and it paired well with the tamale. It's on the spicy side but the tamale balances the heat with - mild sweetness from the corn. I wanted to give this a 4 star but the pork was a but on the dry side. I tried the chicken and it was moist and tasty. I had a peach margarita and it was refreshing with the right balance of alcohol. I will be back again!
4	I really enjoyed my meal at Mesa.  For starters, my friend and I split the chicken quesadillas.  They were so delicious that I regret offering to share.  I ordered the salmon as my entree which was cooked perfectly and had great flavor.  However I would like to give it 3 1/2 stars due to the small portions and the high prices. My friend ordered a $13 salad as her app and it looked like a $5 salad.  We got better salads down at the food court. My expensive salmon didn't come with any sides.With that said, I still enjoyed the dinner and would go back again.
2	We dined here on 06/05/14.Was super excited to celebrate my husband's birthday at this restaurant. The waiter was extremely pushy regarding the drinks and I felt as though he was constantly rushing us through ordering and our meal.Appetizers were blue corn pancake with duck & blue corn lobster tacos. Both were OK. The duck was covered in a lot of sauce for my personal taste buds and was a touch boring. The taco was OK but very underwhelmed.I ordered the filet medium and husband ordered the NY strip medium. It was explained to us that medium was PINK. My steak was medium rare. I told the waiter and he said that was what he told me. OK waiter person, whatever you say. I just wasn't in the mood to fight with him.The sides were very good. The horseradish twice baked potato and the corn cojita.Was disappointed in the dessert after just one bite.Credit Card was authorized for the total of the bill $194.00.After tip the total was $244.00 and that was also authorized on the credit card.The $244.00 was charged on 06/09/14.The authorization for $194.00 is still on my credit card as of 06/11/14.Grrr...
4	After witnessing one of the top musical acts of all time, we walked into Bobby Flay's upscale, modern Mexican restaurant, Mesa Grill. While we were ravenous, it was also quite late for dinner so we hesitatingly opted for a few small plates to share. Being the mad foodie that I am, I had already studied the menu and knew that the Blue Corn Lobster Tacos were an absolute must. We also chose the Crispy Squash Blossoms and the Smoked Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla.Stuffed with ricotta, corn, and basil, the fried squash blossoms were also sitting in a pool of sweet pepper sauce. My goodness, these unique fried treats were righteous as ever. After devouring a blossom, I snatched one of the most miniature tacos I've ever seen. The Blue Corn Lobster Tacos were insanely luscious. Filled with delicate lobster, pickled onions, avocado, and topped with a fennel and habanero relish, I was licking my chops with every bite. Let's just say if I was into cursing on my blog, there'd be a few choice words written in all-caps to describe my love for these tacos. I'm just sad I didn't catch a good photo of the beauties. For the rest of my review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/west-coast-road-trip/
4	Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is an fresh take on Southwestern cuisine.  Hand crafted margaritas are featured on the drink menu, and the dinner menu is built on a foundation of corn and chili spiced proteins.We wanted something with tequila in it ASAP, and were happy with the margarita and basket of house bread and blue corn muffin that arrived.We started with the Blue Corn Lobster Tacos. Fresh, light, and delicate in texture, the two bite tacos were tasty though perhaps missing their lobster flavor.For Entrees we tried the Ancho Chili-Honey Glazed Salmon which I asked for medium-rare, and the New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, served medium, with Sweet Potato Tamale.  The salmon was super tender and moist, but unexpectedly mild in flavored, we couldn't really taste the glaze.  The pork tenderloin was incredibly tender and juicy and we used the tamale to sop up the sauces.The entrees come ala carte so you'll want to get some sides, we tried the Roasted Corn and Collard Greens.  The Roasted Corn is a superstar.  Sweet summer corn is roasted, but still crunchy, creamy and spiced from the aioli, brightened with lime and cilantro, and sprinkled with salty, tangy cotija cheese.  The collared greens were pretty standard, but made us feel like we ate our vegetables.Overall we liked Mesa Grill.  The food was well prepared and service was attentive and helpful.  This would be a great place to eat and drink with friends.
5	Really everything comes together perfectly at this place - our service from hostess to waiter to bus boy was flawless yet friendly and relaxed. I started with the lobster taco and my husband had the duck pancake - both seasoned exactly right. My veal chop was huge and the waiter wisely suggested I hold off on ordering a side - he was sure right! The combination of maple and horseradish with the Southwestern flavors was balanced and new. My husband had the strip steak with a side of corn - also dead on in terms of prep and seasoning.We really weren't hungry for dessert - but who cares? We had the chocolate cake (a bit sweet) and banana cream pie (beautiful - again an ideal play of textures and taste).A great dinner to close off our Vegas trip!
5	We dined here June 11th.  We've been twice before with better than average results but this meal was surprisingly good to us ... the best of our trip that included Andiamo, Joe's, Ruths' Chris and Vic and Anthony's.I had the tried and true southwest pork tenderloin and it was excellent! Served with a corn tamale sweet potato made perfect.  it just couldn't have been better.  My wife had the Tiger shrimp roasted corn tamale and raved about it.  We shared the roasted corn appetizer which was truly scrumptious. Everything gets an A+!  I tried the signature agave margarita as we'll and while I enjoyed it, it didn't blow me away.  Give it a B.Our short visit with hostess was cordial and our service team was excellent throughout.  Timely, with helpful menu insight and very pleasant personality and attitude. A+!
3	Meh.... Expected a lot from Bobby Flays restaurant and it failed very short of my expectations. I have been to Chef Morimoto's in Napa Valley and the food was fabulous there
4	I came here with my brother and sister to do an iron chef's tour of Vegas.  Mesa grill was the first stop.  I asked the waiter for a recommendation on the appetizer and he recommended the tiger shrimp tamale.  It was fantastic!  It's so good that I've been watching YouTube videos of bobby making it and am determined to nail this dish.  I ordered the lamb chops for main and it was the best lamb chop I've ever had.  What gives with the 4 stars if everything was awesome?  Well, my dishes were excellent, but my sister ordered the grilled chicken and my brother ordered the veal chop.  Being a food curious family, we shared our food.  The grilled chicken was just ok.  Think of a properly grilled piece of chicken with some fancy buffalo wing sauce.  The veal chop was recommended to be cooked medium so we went with that.  Well, it may have been medium on the tip of the edge, but was raw by the bone.  Looking back, the waiter did say excellent choice when I ordered the lamb chops.  I suppose this means the other items we ordered were not a good choice.
2	A nonconsensual eating experience happened here when they delivered bacon filled rolls to our ravenous, just walked 3 miles down the strip, table. Vegetarians beware!! Everything we ordered was so so. The corn side dish was my favorite. Drinks were fine, nothing special. Queso fundido was stringy, collards were pale, translucent semi-green. Must be better options for us veggies!
4	Overall entrees were good. Expected more of an experience as a whole from this restaurant though. Entrees 4 stars, experience 3 stars. Complimentary bread (1 star): Very DRY. The only one in there that was okay was the corn muffin, and that still wasn't even that fresh. Other than that the jalopeno cheese and walnut bread were super dry. Scared me at first cause I thought I chose a bad restaurant just from how the bread was. Good thing the rest of the meal turned out better. Grilled Chicken (5 stars): Very moist and flavorful. Mashed potatoes were great too. Lobster Out of the Shell (4 stars): Lobster itself was bomb. The hominy cakes underneath it, meh could have done without them on my plate all together. Very dense and not very flavorful. Lobster and sauce on the other hand was so good, but really, those cakes were just horrible! Try changing them to mashed potatoes or something.Came for my birthday but they don't do anything special for you!! )= They will only put a candle in whatever dessert you order. But come on with the money you spend here you can't bring out something small that's complimentary? It just makes it feel more like a celebration when they do that. The desserts didn't sound that great either. Probably wouldn't choose this for a special occasion dinner because of that.SERVICE (3.5 stars):Our waiter was nice, hard to find at times, and just really busy with all the other tables he was helping. Took long to get things we requested, or he'd forget and we had to remind him. I don't know if I'll be back here. The entrees were pretty good, well half of the lobster dish was good. Maybe I'll try appetizers more. But the overall experience was just bleh. And that bread...aye...make fresher bread! Or better bread if it was "fresh", bad first impression right when you sit down.
5	This place is fantastic. We started with the goat cheese fondue which was excellent.  I ordered the Veal Chop which was cooked to perfection.  I also ordered the sweet potato au gratin.  It was almost like a desert.
4	Mesa Grill is a Bobby Flay owned restaurant- cool! The restaurant seems big, but I didn't get a good look around. We sat in a corner booth, which allowed for privacy. The waitress brought out a breadbasket, which had a variety of bread. We also got two free appetizers, because they sent it to the wrong table. Luck was on our side.I went with the signature dish for my entree- New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. I never had pork that tasted so good! It was melt in your mouth tender. I also loved the little bit of kick it had to it and the sauces. The dish also came with sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter. Both spicy and sweet represented on the plate. I liked the tamale but it wasn't on the same level as the pork. I left with a full stomach and a great impression of Bobby Flay. In the future, I'll seek out his other restaurants.
5	Just to note- if you have dinner reservations here, do not get day drunk and pass out. You will wake up in sadness that you missed a dinner reservation at this delicious spot (true personal story).We opted for lunch instead the next day, because we knew this was one spot we didn't want to miss out on. All those times I drooled watching Bobby Flay do his thang on Food Network, it was all to be fulfilled. Three things we ordered: Tuna tartar - appetizerSpicy chicken hashSalmon club sandwichEverything was yummy, but let me emphasize how especially great the spicy chicken hash was. I was almost disappointed by the sandwich and tuna because of how good the hash was. Tuna was good and club sandwich was good but it wasn't exceptionally great- and I was really looking for mostly exceptionally great. If you haven't figured out my not so subliminal message, just get the spicy chicken hash!A vegas dining experience wouldn't be one without booze, I absolutely loved the peach margarita. It was perfect and refreshing on a hot summer night in Vegas. Boys, don't be ashamed of the peach margarita- it is definitely not that fruity. Trust me- I drink like a man (unfortunately?). Peep out this spot, I'll come back for dinner someday,
5	This was my first visit to a Bobby Flay restaurant and boy did I love it.  First off everyone was super friendly and had smiles on their faces.  I liked watching the chefs in action cooking our food that was like free entertainment.  I had the pumpkin soup sorry can't recall the exact name it was smokey and creamy.  The only thing I did not like about it was that it was kind of on the sweet side but that's just me and my palate. It looked beautiful and they didn't skimp either.  I loved loved loved the Ancho salmon it was cooked perfect nice and flaky.  My hubby had the pork sandwich and all he could say was wow this is really good.  We also tried the goat fundio which was the perfect balance of goat and another cheese.  Goat cheese for me can be a bit overpowering so they got the balance just right. My one and only complaint was that our table was just too small to fit all our food and drinks. Hehe I can't wait to go back and try other things.  I was looking at the table next to us and they ordered the shrimp tamales those smelled delicious. Yes my husband is embarrassed of me when I look at other people's food but I can't help it.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas. I discovered it years ago, but I am just getting around to talking about it. Everything. that I had was good. From the duck tacos to the spicy bloody mary. The food has a gourmet flare to it and the presentation is exceptional. It ain't cheap, but worth every penny. Do yourself a favor and skip the buffets. Save your slot money and have an excellent meal. You will love it. My favorite meal is the spicy sweet potato hash for brunch. Insanely good.
5	I absolutely love Mesa Grill! Thank you Bobby Flay!Full of stunning textures and flavors! Outstanding food! Outstanding service! Outstanding place! A must try!I have tried quite a few items on the menu, and I have not tasted a bad thing! Must try the goat cheese queso fundido! And DO NOT skip the bread basket- lots of scrumptious goodies to try!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. My hubby had the filet mignon which was awesome and I had the scallop special for the evening which was also great. I got the mashed potatoes as my side, they were good, but I liked my husband's twice baked potato with horseradish better :) We would definitely come back if we are in the area. Be sure to try the banana cream pie and cactus pear margarita--AMAZING!
5	The whole restaurant was fabulous! From the exterior look, to the ambiance, to the food! I had a shrimp dish that was an appetizer for my meal and it was absolutely fantastic! One of the best dishes I have had in a long time. We also had a banana cream dessert but it was just so so for me. In the end, I absolutely loved this restaurant and would go back again (if only it was closer to home!)
1	Salty..bland..totally underwhelmed. I have to admit, I had some expectations since the restaurant is owned by Bobby Flay especially since he's always talking about flavors and southwestern cuisine. But it was just so..whatevers.We ordered the shrimp tamale, queso fundito dip, and the Chile rellano. The shrimp tamale was just alright..nothing special. The queso fundito dip wasnt bad but it certainly wasnt worth $18 bucks. My husband ordered the chile rellano and the crust was so dry and dense. Overall the food was just heavy and bleh.The service was average. The server left us with the dessert menu and didnt come back for 15 mins so by that time I changed my mind and all I wanted to do was leave.  Dont believe the hype..
5	Great service, great food!  Fries are good, ask for chipotle mayo for dipping.  We tried the burgers, and the salmon club sand.  I plan to eat here for lunch every time we come to vegas.  Bobby flay does a great job with this restaurant.
5	The best steak I've had in years.A table of eight and not one negative word or eye rolling look. A late dinner setting for a large group with no reservations was no problem for Mesa. Wait staff was informative and very attentive giving expert advice on the specials and drinks.The reasons we go to restaurants like these are for the total food experience. Family and friends that are better than family are a must. Now the food must be the stars of any food review and it is at Mesa. From the grilling of the steaks to the searing of the scallops all done with great skills.Can I afford to eat here all the time... No.  Wouldn't want to, that would take away of the awe of this food.  Last words... If you have healthy taste buds you'll like Mesa grill.
1	Really?  4 stars for this place?  I don't get it.  We had the chili relano, shrimp tamale, and queso fundito dip.  Chili relano had this really thick dry crust that looked good but didn't go with the chili relano at all.  The tamale was so-so and the queso fundito dip was good but not $18 good.  Very disappointed.  Expected so much more for the price and an Iron Chef.  Service is whatevers too.
2	Totally underwhelmed. I had high expectations since it's a Bobby Flay restaurant.  We got the chicken skewers, the black bean chicken quesadilla, and the grilled chicken. All of the food was mediocre at best, while I was expecting out of this world amazing flavor. Totally not worth the $$$.
3	We went for brunch on a Saturday and it was not busy at all - no need for reservations. They started us out with a complimentary selection of their breakfast breads.  Six thimble sized biscuits, a cheddar jalapeno corn muffin, two pieces of blueberry coffee cake and two miniature chocolate scones.  It looks pretty, and is a fun gesture, but the only bread of note was the blueberry coffee cake.  The scones and biscuits were both very dry.We split the shrimp tamale appetizer, smoked chicken sweet potato hash and the cheese grits.  The tamale was just as good as it looks in photos, and if I came again I would definitely order one (or two) of those.  The sauce was very salty, so if you are sensitive to that you might want to pick a different item.  The hash had a really strong vinegar flavor.  I like vinegar, but the whole thing just tasted like someone had dumped a bunch of cheap hot sauce all over it.  Plus, it came out really fast, and was lukewarm.  With all the great reviews of this dish, I was very unimpressed - especially with the $18 price tag. The cheese grits were not at all what I was expecting.  Good Southern style grits are fluffy, these are very heavy.  They tasted like cream cheese and green chili, so it is hard to say they were bad, they just weren't at all as expected.The service was attentive - too attentive!  One of the servers was literally standing over my husbands shoulder waiting for him to take his last bite.  This just felt awkward.  Perhaps dinner would be a better time to go, but I just feel like this place is more about aesthetics and less about freshness and flavor.
3	Food was great, service was not.We ordered:Tiger shrimp & roasted garlic corn tamale - the sauce is to die forCoffee rubbed filet mignon - perfectly grilled mid rare, and seasoned well. Sauteed spinach - nothing to write home aboutLobster out of the shell - very tasty, strong citrus flavor in sauceFood was good, not great, but I can't make a proper judgement on the food because we were still pretty full from a Bachannal lunch buffet.  I will say that the open kitchen was a nice touch.  It looks like a well-run crew.  Food came out promptly and the presentation was excellent on everything.  These cooks know what they are doing.What ruined the experience for us were the cold hosts and waiter.  These kids had an irritated expression on their faces throughout the entire service.  Our first experience with a hostess when we walk in was seeing the back of her head while she spent a couple minutes trying to figure out where to put some sort of vase or jar in a drawer.  I had to say something to get her attention.  After we finished eating our entrees, our kid waiter tossed the dessert menus on the table without saying anything and quickly left.  I tried to get his attention to let him know we didn't want any and I guess he didn't hear or didn't care to turn around.  As we were leaving, the host past by and said a cold farewell with an irritated expression on his face, without having the courtesy of looking at us.  I'm not asking for a Chili's-type super excited "Thanks for coming!"  But I did just drop $160 on a $135 bill.  A little less attitude would be nice.Out of the four people we came in contact with on the wait staff, only the older gentleman acted like he worked in a [former] Michelin-starred restaurant.  If I could have personally handed our tip to that older gentleman, I would have and left nothing for the others.I would have come back for the food, but I won't be back due to the fast-food-like service.
5	My friend said and I quote, "You have to go to Mesa Grill, you'll hate yourself if you don't."That was enough to convince me to give Mesa Grill a try. Please note, they have a dress code for men, no exposed shoulders aka no tank tops I loved the wonderful array of colors cascading around the room and the overhead wood beams were gorgeousRecommend: Shrimp Tamale-sauce was simply marvelous, tamale was fresh and equally packed with flavor. I will admit it sure is one pricey tamale but its worth it, trust me Ribeye-quality of meat was superb, so many complex flavors going on balanced in harmonyRoasted Corn and Mashed Potato sides-best corn side dish I have ever had!!! Mashers were also great, loved the cheesy sauce on topBread Basket-a lovely variety of tasty morsels, especially the blue corn muffinService was top notch, nothing else left to say!Overall ThoughtsDamn you Bobby Flay, you sauce master!
1	I really wanted to like this restaurant since Bobby Flay's food looks so good on tv. The food was bland and oily. No flavor. I was hoping for lots of pepper flavor but couldn't find any. I'm glad I came for lunch to try out the food; I would have been very upset if my dinner was this bad. Worst of all....the service! Not only did  our waiter roll his eyes at us when ee ordered water to drink, he was absent the entire time we were there. We had to flag him down! The worst part were the napkins that left white lint all over my black pants. The waiter didn't apologize or offer to bring me a lint roller! I had to go back to my room to change my clothes before heading back out. Stay away!
4	very good meal, did not have a reservation but the did find us a table.Salad my wife and I shared was not worth the money, nothing on the dish for $13Entree's were very good my wife had the chicken and I had the pork medallions which were excellentwould go back again
4	Service: good, though not excellent. waiter gave good recommendations overall, service was prompt enough. one star off because the server placed my entree on top of my silverware. i thought that was strange for a restaurant at this price range.bread: was not very good. the cornbread looked much better than it tasted. lacked flavor. walnet raisin was pretty good. the (asiago?) cheese bread was meh. Tiger shrimp+roasted garlic corn tamale: 4/5: shrimp was not the plumpest. it was also very salty. however, the tamale was exceptionally delicious. i generally strongly dislike tamales but ordered this due to the waiter's recommendation and despite the overly salty shrimp, i thought it was very good overall.new mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin: 5/5: i personally didn't love it but i do appreciate that it was an excellently executed dish. pork cooked perfectly. seasoned with a nice ancho chile kick. the tamale, again, to delicious! mesa grill may have changed my opinions on tamales altogether. side of corn: 4/5: again, well executed, but personally didn't love it. overall, i've had better. drink: had thier signature margarita...nothing special at all. had a cucmber seomthing drink that was very refreshing.i highly doubt i would return but i think that's more because of a personal preference, not because the restaurant was lacking in any way. overall, well executed dishes. well seasoned. good service. with exceptional tamales!!
5	My husband and I went there for a late lunch. We were going to a nice dinner later that night so I didn't want a huge meal. I ordered the sixteen spice chicken salad and my husband ordered cobb lamb salad. My salad was delicious as was my husband's. The food was wonderfully flavored and felt it personified Bobby Flay with all of those southwest flavors.We also had some awesome margaritas. They were so good, we went back the next night and each had one before we went out again that night. Getting thirsty just thinking about them -- yum!Highly recommend Mesa Grill.
5	This is far and away my favorite restaurant in Vegas. It is absolutely incredible.Must-tries:-blue pancake duck appetizer -white peach margarita-cactus pear margarita-jalapeno bread (which comes in the basket....ASK FOR MORE!)-cojita cheese roasted corn side order (oh my jesus)Eh, fine but won't make you want to dance on the table:-shrimp tamale-lobster tacos-mashed potatoes-salmon (sauce is way too sweet imo)-pork tenderloin (to be fair, i'm not a huge pork guy but I just wasn't as wowed as others have been with this)For the entrees, you MUST try:-coffee rubbed filet (i've eaten at over 30 steakhouses and this is my favorite)....-NY steak: always perfectly cooked and incredible sauces-rib eye (I just started crying while typing this)Service has always been great when I've gone. I don't get why people lower their rating to 2 or 3 stars because their water didn't come fast enough. Get over it people. The food is delicious, the servers are usually busting their tails (you're in Caesar's Palace...that doesn't make you Caesar) and your'e in VEGAS! Definitely try this place. I can't say enough about it. We've tried maybe 8 other steakhouses in Vegas alone and we're always left wondering why we didn't just go back to Mesa
5	The service, food, and atmosphere were all truly amazing! Our recent dining experience at The Mesa Grill is one not to be forgotten. I can't wait to go back to Vegas just to eat here again! Every bite was bursting with flavor and I give Bobby Flay and his chefs major props! You won't regret anything you order here!
5	I was in Vegas in September 2013, and have been really wanting to try this place out for years. I went around 1pm on Wednesday. I sat at the bar and ordered the Green Chile Burger for $16. I must say, I was impressed with the flavor of the burger and it was woth the $16. My only regret is not ordering the Tiger Shrimp Tamale, I still think about it to this day. I was talking with the bartender, I asked him if Bobby Flay comes out to check up on the place, and he said yes he does, about once every few months, he comes out with his crew, hangs out in the kitchen, just makes sure everything is going well.  I was like wow, he is still hands on with his business. Overall a good time, food quality is high, service was good, would love to go back and try some different items on the menu.
5	Amazing!  I went for brunch after being denied at Giada.  I'm so glad I did!  Everything was amazing...fundido, shrimp tamale, chilliquiles, Bloody Mary.  All delicious and the service was outstanding!  Highly recommend!!
4	Corn soup - oh my yum. And I really liked the chile relleno. Say yes to the Margarita and the bread!That said, here's a bit more detail:The corn soup was creamy - crunchy (not sure what was in it, but it gave it a great texture) and delish! Perfect - could eat it all day. Margarita - also perfection, and their was a variety of bread - sweet and savory. After all this, I did still have room for my Chile Relleno. The breading was a little too hard / crunchy in my opinion, but it wasn't so off-putting that I didn't thoroughly enjoy what was underneath. We did not get dessert - the coconut cake was being touted as the "specialty".And that's where I think the negative is with Mesa Grill - there was far too much "this is our specialty" for every course. The menu is not overly huge, and I find it a little cheesy to be telling people what to choose (unless they ask!). I did not choose any of the "specialties" and I thought my choices were perfect. Also, the service was a bit too fast. It was fine, but it felt very much like there was a focus on turning tables as quickly as possible. Ambiance was typical of a Vegas celeb restaurant - in this case, very open and comfortable seating arrangements.I would go back for sure. I might even order the same thing, and perhaps try dessert!
4	Lobster Tacos!!! You must try!!!Be aware...... they are not available on the lunch menu.... I was soooooo disappointed when I went back to get them again and couldn't......not available until 5:30??? ughI will make another trip just for those lobster tacos!!!
4	Was looking for a place to eat and came across Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. I'm a sucker for celebrity chef restaurants. One thing to note is that on the weekends, they only serve brunch and not a typical lunch menu. That being said, the brunch menu still has a good variety of breakfast and lunch options.For brunch, I ordered the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash. It was the perfect amount of spicy with the rich hollandaise sauce over the poached eggs and hash combo. It was a nice twist on the typical corned beef hash, with chicken as the meat and a switch to sweet potatoes. I would definitely recommend for a hearty breakfast that is much different from traditional options. Another favorite was the plate of mini breads, muffins, and scones that came complimentary before the meal. There was a chocolate scone, something that resembled a jalapeno cornbread, cheesy roll, all were delicious!
5	One of the best meals I've had in my life. I ordered the lamb porterhouse chops med rare. I received 2 steaks, one med rare and one was a bit thicker and probably closer to rare but not an issue for me. The blue corn tamale was also delicious. I ordered a house margarita and the blue corn duck pancake for an appetizer that were just ok. But the lamb blew me away. Amazing.
5	Had a great meal at Mesa Grill. I sat at the bar and ordered an appetizer and an entree. The bartender Donna was very nice and helpful in recommending drinks and food. I ordered The Mesa Grill Margarita and it was great! For an appetizer I ordered the Blue Corn Pancake with Duck and for the entree I ordered the Chile Relleno. Both were 5 stars! The food was a great representation of Bobby Flay's cooking style. I would recommend this restaurant to someone visiting Las Vegas!
5	AMAZING! I ate here for lunch and the food was excellent.I ordered: CORNMEAL CRUSTED CHILE RELLENO *Roasted Eggplant + Manchego Cheese Sweet Red Pepper Sauce + Balsamic Vinegar This meal was bursting with flavor. I loved it!!! I will definitely be back to explore the menu.
4	Typical Bobby Flay...he doesn't skimp on the flavor!  Lol!  I like the restaurant and the vibe, but for me personally, it's a bit overkill on the flavor.  Still, the quality of food is great!  Of course it's pricey....not only is it Bobby Flay's name behind it, but it's located in the heart of the casino!  We will definitely be back though!  Hands down!  Gotta love Bobby Flay, and the drinks are fabulous!!!  My husband loves the extra flavor, so he's all over it!!!
4	Was not disappointed with Mesa Grill. I had both brunch and dinner and was completely satisfied with the flavors and customer service at this establishment.  For brunch I had the Sweet Potato Chicken Hash with Poached Eggs. The green chile hollandaise sauce alone was divine.  The meal was substantial enough to suffice for a brunch.  The dinner I had the next day was the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. This dish comes with a side of a sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter which I enjoyed the most.  The texture of bits of crushed pecan in the tamale was a nice surprise.
4	I've wanted to eat Bobby Flays food since the early days of FN when he had a NY accent thick as a 3" ribeye. It was a small job to find it in the maze Caesar's has become, but we were seated promptly and the people were nice. The decor was fun and we could watch the chefs at work through a window. I had a great margarita, then we had 2 appetizers, the shrimp and corn tamale and duck tacos. Both were tasty, especially the tamale, the duck perhaps a touch too sweet and chewy...still good! My husband then had the pork loin and loved it. It was spicy, but expected as the server explained it accurately. I had the Mahi with peppercorn sauce, and while it was good, it came out rare, not mecium rare, and then I had to wait while hub ate. I hate that. We also had the corn and loved it. Probably our favorite thing was the sweet potato tamale that came with his entree. The flavors were bold and deep, as they should be for southwestern fare. The dishes were very signature Flay. Thanks Bobby!
2	Made a reservation for brunch on a girl's trip to Vegas and was very excited to see what Mr. Flay had to offer. Grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited for the rest of our party. Bloody Mary was good but simple and average, I think my expectations may have been a little high on that one. I also had the house margarita which was below average at best - it was so forward on triple sec I couldn't even finish it.We sit down, waiter comes, he was very nice throughout. We order and I tell him I would like the Chilaquiles but not with scrambled eggs. He tells me that I can't change the eggs in that dish or any other dish on the menu in fact. Since poached eggs are pretty much the kings of brunch, I was a bit surprised by this. He went on to explain that the dishes are prepared and put together specifically and changing the eggs would change the dish so they don't do it. Show of hands - who actually prefers scrambled eggs? People who are scared of runny yolks, sure, but people who actually enjoy eating eggs - I would venture a guess never order them scrambled.So I order the steak and eggs because it is the only way I can get none scrambled eggs. My friends order as well, a bread basket is brought and it is as delicious as everyone said. Then the waiting begins.We waited at least 25 minutes for our food. We waited so long that one in our party had to leave early to go to the airport. They gave us a small percentage off for the waiting. All in all the food was just average. My eggs were luke warm by the time we got our food and although the steak was good overall it wasn't anything special. Nothing that anyone got was really stood out.Maybe the limited, inflexible brunch menu hindered our experience but overall between that and the long wait for a restaurant that wasn't even full my experience at Mesa Grill fell far short of my high expectations.
5	All good, most options spicy which I loved more than my wife but she was able to combine an appetizer and a side for a good meal.
5	This food here is delicious. I have eaten here several times, and have never been disappointed. On any review that I give the most important thing is the food, and so easily this place gets 5 stars from me. The blue corn pancake and  the tiger shrimp tamale are excellent starters. The veal, lamb, and pork loin are all amazing. The service is excellent, and the staff is very knowledgeable about the menu. One very important tip...make sure to make reservations in advance if going there for dinner on the weekends, it does get busy here.
5	Awesome restaurant. The pork and sweet potatoes were amazing. The flavored were superb. The service was great with lots of knowledge about the food. I will come back and bring family and friends.
2	Some friends came to Vegas and wanted to go to Mesa.  It was kind of last minute, and since it was Saturday night, I figured I better call and make a reservation.  They put us down for 6:00.  Of course, the traffic was horrible, so I called back and asked if we could change our reservation.  They informed me that since I didn't secure our reservation with a credit card that we, in fact, didn't have one.  The person I spoke with on the phone was not helpful and very rude. She proceeded to argue with me about whether or not I had a reservation till finally I asked if I could just, please, make one.  I made the new reservation for 6:30 and she let me off the phone without a credit card.  Then when we arrived at the restaurant the Hostess, rudely, told me that we didn't have a reservation, she was adamant about this, till I pointed at my name, written down on her sheet next to "6:30".I had a beer (corona or tecate?), the Lobster Tacos (appetizer), and the sesame crusted ahi.  It was alright.  The portions were very small.  My daughter had a cheese quesadilla and milk.  The bill for just myself and my daughter came out to $100.The service was good but there wasn't a lot to it.
5	I will admit I am a foodie fan, and I am all about celebrity chefs. I mean I was watching food shows before they were cool. I did no research about Mesa Grill before hand, so Dan and I literally stumbled on this place in a hunger stoop-per, I was about to pass out from hunger.We passed many eateries in Ceasers Palace, but when I looked at the menu, prices I said lets try it. I was glad to be immediately greeted and seated, so was Dan. We were starving! The waiter was educated and it was through him I found out I was in Bobby's place!!Burgers here are just aboslutley amazing. I really will say they have the best in the world. I mean it too. There are a lot of great awesome burgers, but Mesa is literally the best. I want one right now.
5	First of I do know Bobby Flay does not chef/cook here. However, I had the pleasure of eating here recently and have to say it was excellent from finish to start. We came for weekend brunch and found the service, food quality and ambiance to be great. The appetizer of Tuna Nachos consisted of really good quality fish and was robust in flavor. The bread basket ( complimentary) was amazing from scones to cornbread. Have never been to a restaurant with such an amazing bread basket. Add to that the final courses of Ancho Salmon & Scrambled eggs with biscuits and the restaurant hit a home run. Margaritas were also tasty and unique ( pear cactus marg?! Wow!)....lastly service was great with staff who followed up consistently and were friendly. Highly recommend for anyone coming to Vegas!
5	I always enjoy coming to the Mesa grill, and have been here many times over the years. It is pricey, but the food and service is always consistently excellent.Today I enjoyed the rough cut tuna nachos, which is really better classified as a southwest inspired tuna tar tar with chips on the side. I also had a delicious black bean tamale with basil butter that was simple perfection, and a classic example of what makes Mesa great.
4	My boyfriend and I tried this place out for lunch on 8/5.I ordered the BBQ lamb cobb salad ($18). BBQ'ed lamb, avocado, tomato, boiled egg, applewood bacon, bleu cheese, & buttermilk dressing.  It was pretty good.  If you don't like overpowering bleu cheese, get it without.My boyfriend ordered the green chile burger ($18).  Queso sauce, poblanos, red onions, and fries.  He loved it! I'm not a huge spicy fan, so I didn't try it.  But the fries were delicious!Server was nice, but very robotic.  The server assistants were great! Our water glasses were never less than half full.
3	I went to the Mesa Grill this last weekend in Las Vegas because my family really, really want to try Bobby Flay's restaurant.  I was not very impressed.  I will say the food is excellent so if you are going ONLY for the food then you are the right spot. The Queso Fundido and the Tuna Nachos were excellent. The steak was flavorful but not to die for.  The service was ok, not great.   My biggest disappointment was the lack of choices for wine by the glass.   Any of the good choices were by the bottle and extremely for overpriced for the labels they offered. If you are the only wine drinker in the group it sucks.  It seemed a shame not to have a really good glass of wine to compliment the dishes. Lastly if you still want to go after reading this then be sure to make your reservation about a week before you get there or expect to eat really, really late.
5	Absolutely incredible food.  The seared tuna with couscous was seasoned very well and tasted so so good.  The side dish of corn is a MUST try.  You haven't had corn until you've tried this and it's just corn lol for dessert my mom and I split this chocolate cake with salted rice crispies on the top and a caramel sauce pooled on the bottom.  Let me tell you I have no idea what they put in this cake to make it taste so incredibly decadent but this is HANDS DOWN the BEST chocolate cake I've ever eaten in my life.  Who knew rice crispies could pair so perfectly with chocolate cake.  If your thinking "oh it's just another chocolate cake" it's NOT!! Everyone needs this cake in their lives, ok I'm done. Lol
5	Outside of dining at Bellagio's Prime, this was the best restaurant we ate at during our Vegas vacation. (Prime gets the edge because of the spectacular al fresco dining overlooking the fountain).The food is expertly prepared and presented with southwest flavors and textures that are pleasing to the senses. The pork tenderloin in particular was fantastic. The sides of corn and mashed potatoes were mouth watering.
1	I was so disappointed in the food. However, the service was excellent. I don't mind spending money on good food but bad food, no way. I order the lamb chops they were lacking in a real basic salt and pepper. and under cooked. I ordered medium but they were rare.  Also, with this meal came with a tamale it was not edible, I would think a  chef of this caliber would have a restaurant that showed his expertise. I cook a lot and I would not have put out dinner like this. Also, at our table we ordered the halibut it just was boring. Don't make the same mistake that I did. Do "NOT" go to this restaurant. I am convinced that good food is not on the strip. Stay off the strip if you are a foodie like me.
2	This place is overhyped & I doubt there is any oversight by Bobby. The free bread & queso fundito were great. The chille relleno was in super sweet red pepper sauce. Cloyingly sweet. Boyfriend's shrimp tacos were way too spicy & the sauces served with were way too sweet. Really wanted to love this place because I love Bobby's recipes, but it fell flat. If you just get a couple drinks (maybe not the peach margarita, which was my fault for ordering when everything else was too sweet), get the free bread & appetizers. I would go back for just that, but not for the "real" food... Sorry Bobby!
4	great service - and the food is really good. the bread basket is too good if you know what i mean. His signature shrimp app is phenomenal. I had his signature new Mexican pork tenderloin and really liked it. My friend had the Bone in Rib Eye and though he thought it was a tad under-cooked for his taste, my couple of bites were amazing. I took the waiter's suggestion and ordered the margarita Cadillac style, too sweet for me. I prefer triple sec. But now i know how I like my margarita's so all is not lost. Nice glass of red wine with dinner and since we had to rush off took our cookies to go. Definitely will go again.
4	Brunch review*** love the brunch here. Great southwest flavours, chill staff. Never dissapointed when I come here...a bit out of the oridinary and well worth it
4	mexican food. Burger and sandwich are good.
4	Went here last night with the BF because we are huge Bobby Flay fans as heard from family that this place was good.  Our experience unfolded with mixed feelings...FOOD:I ordered from the special restaurant week menu they had going on, three courses for just over 50 bucks which is a great deal.  The salad I chose for course  number one was top notch!  Not too hefty on the lettuce, crunchy white and blue corn chip pieces, perfect amount and type of cheese, and great dressing.  Then I had the ever-raved-about pork tenderloin.  Perfectly cooked, good balance of flavor, but insanely spicy.  I'm a southern gal, I like spice, but wow...  This one should have a warning on it. The tamale that comes with does an ok job of balancing the heat, and is absolutely delicious by itself, but I was glad I had plenty of water and a yummy white peach margarita to wash it all down.  Third course was a chocolate pudding with salted caramel something or other.  It was tasty; I also could have easily made it at home.  BF had the rib eye.  It looked good.  Flavor was great.  Unfortunately, the cook was way off.  He asked for mid rare, and got super duper rare.  It bordered on undercooked.  BF got a side of corn which, I didn't care for but, he loved which is surprising because he hates cheese.So... Mixed thoughts on foodSERVICE/AMBIANCE:Amazing!!  Perfect balance of casual atmosphere and fine dining.  The entire front of house staff is spectacular.  Kind, professional, caring, and timely without being stuffy or overly doting.  We tipped big because we found everyone deserving - from the hostess to our waiter to the guy with the water.So all in all, a pretty fine choice.
5	We had a really delicious meal at Mesa Grill while celebrating a couple of family birthdays in Las Vegas.  We were excited because we love Bobby Flay on TV (and he was super nice when we met him in person).  We ordered the Queso Fundito (yummy, cheesy dip) and a shrimp tamale (excellent).  For main dishes, we ordered a variety of things, so we were able to taste a bunch of stuff! Steak, Lamb, Tuna, Lobster.... all super delicious and expertly seasoned.  The service was good... everyone was polite, patient (with our big group) and attentive.  I would definitely go back again, but there are so many different Bobby Flay restaurants, it may be a while... Can't wait for the next one!
4	I came here after several nights of over extending myself with typical Vegas debauchery -  literally having had only two hours of sleep and maintaining a consistent level of alcohol in my system over the previous 48 hours. In other words, exhausted and ready to pass out (exactly how you should feel on the final morning before you fly out of Las Vegas). I ordered the Sweet Potato hash, which resembles an egg benedict with a side of the mango glazed bacon and the creamy grits. The bacon was thick and cooked perfectly, but in the end bacon is bacon and there wasn't much reason for this bacon to cost what it does. But the grits were subtler in their spice level (I loved it). The spicy chicken eggs hash was the star of the show - spicy, sweet, and savory depending on the bite. I ate it as slowly as I could - heaven. Lovely upscale decor with almost every table having a view of the "kitchen show" is a nice touch. But the tables are positioned too densely and strangely despite the restaurant being nearly empty another group was sat directly beside us. It goes without saying that you are going to be paying quite a bit for the experience, but that's Vegas!
4	This is a very solid restaurant.  It located in Caesar's.  We ordered the Tiger Prawn Tamale and Duck Blue Corn Pancake for apps.The Tiger Prawn Tamale was so delicious.  The tamale was silky and creamy.  The flavor was magnificent.  Next the duck was cooked perfectly.  It was tender and the star anise sauce complimented the duck well.  The habenero sauce added extra heat.The New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin was really great.  The pork was cooked to a perfect pink medium and also was juicy.  The ancho chile sauce worked well with the pork.The Chile Relleno was really good.  The crusty exterior was cooked perfectly.  But the inside was moist and has tons of flavor.Finally the Chipotle Glazed Rib-eye was a little underwhelming.  While it was cooked perfectly, the chipotle glaze didn't enhance the meat.  If anything, I think it disguised or masked the nice beef flavor.  I think it would have been better just with salt and pepper.Anyway, very solid restaurant.
5	Amazing service. Great food. The flavors were fantastic.
4	Great Food! Average Service and Very Loud Inside! We were there 08/19/2014 our first visit to the Mesa Grill. We had a large group (10) and were put in a back room with another group. This are was VERY loud and we had a hard time talking together. The service was ok, but not to the level one would hope for from a Name like this. The food made up for most thing the Lamb was one of the best I have ever had! We will probably go back and try again!
4	Sunday brunch was great! My husband had the pork sandwich, which was perfectly balanced in all the flabors. I had the spicy chicken sweet potato hash, moderate spice, great brunch dish. We both enjoyed our meals, but noticed other tables were offer the daily special and we weren't and the worng meals weere brought out initially, but quickly fixed... otherwise good service!
2	Went here for dinner. I dined here a few years ago and it was excellent. I was surprised this time. It was very disappointing, especially for the price. The steak wasn't very flavorful and the tuna was bland. Even the baked potato wasn't that great. Definitely wasn't worth 9 bucks. Anyway, hope they get it together. If you're in Vegas and going to spend 150 on a meal, spend it somewhere else.
5	Not sure why it's labeled as Southern food.  I'd call it more like Southwestern.  I had the rubbed pork dish which has been a staple on their menu for many many years. And with that special sauce on the plate made from one of the special kinds of chili peppers....  Excellent! Excellent!  It's a must try if you ever get there.  Drinks were really good especially when you have that fancy smoked flavored shot added to your drink.  Incredible!  It is a nice place.
5	We were a party of 9 for my mothers wedding. The moment we walked into Mesa we were greeted and the entire experience was excellent. Our waiter Arnel was very professional and even offerred suggesstions on wine selection and food / sides, he gets a 10/10. We had the mango ahi which was more of a seered ahi and it was excellent with the green peppercorn sauce (a small sliver of mango to accent the dish would have been perfect) . We will definatly come back here , from san francisco to pensylvania to st. Louis to arizona, this place by far is our numbetlr one. Thank you for everything and the cactis fruit margharita is to die for!
3	Food is decent but way overpriced.  It felt like they were trying too hard.  My hubby wanted the lamb but as soon as he ordered they ran out.  So he got the 22 Oz steak that is huge and has a good spice to it.  I ordered the Tina steak and it was seasoned well but so cold which made it taste off.
5	You can't go wrong with Bobby Flay!We had one of the most delicious meal here.August '14Food:We ordered three-course meal.Mine was Roasted corn soup, smoked shrimp taco, and flan. My wife had Rough cut tuna nachos, spicy chicken sweet potato hash, chocolate mouse(or something like that).The started bread they gave us was very different than a typical started in any other restaurant (regular bread with butter).Corn soup was a brilliant blend of sweet and spicy. Tuna and shrimps were fresh. Each sauce has quite unique taste (Guacamole is probably standard). The spicy mango sauce (if I hear what the server told me correctly) was heavenly; it blends well with the guacamole and salsa. Sweet potato is cooked through such that it has texture (not like baby food) topped with perfectly cooked poached eggs.Chocolate mousse dessert has 2 different mousse that complement each other taste very well. The caramel chunk provides a nice texture. In summary, food was very good.Service:Waiters are very friendly and attentive. They also know the menu well and were able to provide useful recommendation. We had a nice experience the moment we stepped into the restaurant. Overall, the restaurant exceeded our expectation in both food and service.
5	A few days in Vegas and many planned culinary experiences planned. Our first is Mesa Grill. What a great start to our dining experiences and expectations. Excellent service, fantastic food and drinks. Congratulations to both front of house and back of house is what was our only experience that exceeded expectations. Thank you from both my wife and me.
4	Bobby flays place is exactly what'd you'd expect from the southwest flavor king. I ordered the corn tortilla soup and man it was spicy and delicious!  For the main I got the spiced pork tenderloin sandwich. Definitely a must try. You have to come to his place with the expectation that everything will have his signature kick to it. I came on a Tuesday day time and there was still a small wait for lunch. I recommend calling in a reservation if you're dinning in for dinner.
5	Lovely Tex-Mex experience. The chile relleno was beautifully presented and tasted great. The banana creme pie was also delicious. Caution though. This place is a bit pricey. Had a $14 margarita. My husbands lamb was $45. He said it was delicious though. We will come here every time we are in Vegas!
4	Food was good but a little too spicy for me. The complimentary bread was even spicy. I really couldn't enjoy my food because it was freezing ! Apparently it is always like that because they offered all the woman in my party a shawl!!
5	Still as good as ever. I went last night. It was the first time going in almost 3 years. Well, I don't know why it took so long to get back here. It is hands down my favorite restaurant. Just the blue corn pancakes alone are enough to bring me back over and over again. Last night i went with my beautiful wife and everything was excellent as usual. We had tiger shrimp tamales and blue corn pancake for appetizers, both were perfect. I had the veal and my wife had the lamb, both perfect. We both had a couple drinks...traditional margaritas and prickly pear margaritas, again, both perfect. I love this place. The flavors are unbelievable. Now of course I know that is a matter of opinion because not everyone likes the same flavors, but I will say this and this is not opinion. Everything is prepared to perfection. They get everything right. From temps to presentation. From timing to service. From pricing to ultra high quality. This place is amazing.
3	Food was good but there are better around.  It was too salty for me but we could get in without reservations and that is not easy in Vegas now.
5	Gorgeous place of course. Very modern, bright and open, it's Caesar's Palace and they really wanted Bobby Flay; as tasteful and modern as Southwestern can git.We went for lunch late on a Wed afternoon during a conference break and it was surprisingly slow there at 1:45. Breadbasket is delicious of course with those Jalapeno corn muffins, beautiful works of art at half yellow and blue corn swirl. We started by splitting the Blue Corn pancake BBQ Duck which was smoky with low heat and just yummy.For our entrees we had a Lamb chopped salad and a Chili Releno that looked even better than it tasted, and it tasted fantastic. They manage to get a very light batter on the chili and then somehow seal it with the cheese inside so that it 'blows up", really impressive. The lamb was a perfect medium rare and the salad good sized for what are generally small portions here. Presentation all Bobby Flay.Service from Michael was attentive, even relaxed considering there wasn't a dozen people in the restaurant, so come late our usual plan. They are definitely pushing drinks like most Vegas restaurants and you can see the disappointment in their faces when we order our usual lunch time iced tea and a water with lemon, no ice.Highly recommended and not crazy pricey, but still a $75 lunch with one appetizer and two entrees and one ice tea. Do it.
3	Came here for lunch with 4 family members during restaurant week. Most of us chose to order off the regular menu since we didn't think we could eat everything on the pre-fixe menu. I was really impressed by the menu and creativity of some of the dishes. I'm a big enough food network fan to know of Bobby Flay's reputation and his specialties. The lunch/brunch menu I felt was a little light- not as many lunch options as I would have liked. I had the green chili cheeseburger, knowing that BF rocks burgers. It was super delicious and one of the most melt in your mouth burgers I've ever had. Everyone I was with also enjoyed their meal. My favorite part of the meal was the bread/pastry basket. Not only did we get bread, but also jalapeno biscuits, blueberry scones, and chocolate muffins! Never have I experienced a bread basket quite so wonderful. Service was great, but the ambiance was lacking. I'm not sure if it was because we were there for lunch, but it just seemed kind of bland and dull. Not too busy and not quite the scene would imagine for a BF restaurant. All in all, great burger though.
5	Love this Resturaunt and everything wonderful ( wouldn't mind if they lowered the prices though ) exceptional service ( we had 3 people serving us ) Delicious food and Dessert ! If your ever in Vegas Treat Yourself !
5	Loved the Bobby Flay version of the Chile Relleno with eggplant and cheese filling, and also the grilled spicey chicken.  Margaritas were also top notch!  Absolutely recommend to others!
4	White peach margarita was so delicious!! Had the salmon for lunch and it was the best I have ever had!
5	Exquisite. Exquisite. Exquisite. I came here with 3 others for dinner and enjoyed our experience. We had a reservation and were seated promptly upon arrival. The service was fantastic and the food was even better. I had a NY Strip steak, which was nice and juicy. The portion was large enough for 2. I'm not a huge fan of corn but their corn is to die for so I recommend getting it as a side. I find myself craving this meal at times. Kudos to Bobby Flay. This man does no wrong. A meal here is worth a flight to Vegas. :)
5	This was my first time frequenting a Bobby Flay establishment, and I wasn't disappointed. The service was impeccable, it got the point where it was borderline creepy how on-point the entire waiting staff was. All I can say is, the nice guy charged with watching my water glass better get a raise ASAP because he redefined the term "attentive." Due to several factors (okay fine, one factor: Vegas taking more money than expected), I ended up dismissing the many delectable looking meat entrees and ordered the Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon. And holy mother of food, was it sublime. On a more minor note, the bread is also a gamechanger. It might not be the gaudiest or most hyped restaurant on The Strip (or Caesers for that matter), but Mesa Grill is a top-notch option for anyone looking for a quality fine dining experience.
5	So convenient to go to when staying at Caesars Palace.  Delicious food!  Great atmosphere!
4	It has lost its Michelin Star rating. But.. I may be the last person on earth who's not eaten at a Bobby Flay's joint. I'm ambivalent about celebrity chefs as a whole but some are really good: Thomas Keller and Marcus Samuelsson come to mind.Food is surprisingly good. Blue corn pancake and shrimp to start. Rabbit on green pea cous cous blew my mind. It was really phenomenal. Rib eye was super yummy. Fish was decent.It's a lot less expensive than Masa or Robuchon.  It's got great service. The spiciness was just right, subtle but carries punch. This is what I think about celebrity chef restaurants. Some can be very good (Red Rooster in Harlem), and some can be impressively bad (Paula Deen's the Lady and Sons in Savannah), but most of them are going to be somewhere in between. What's unusual about Mesa grill is that it's quite a different type of southwestern restaurant. The side corn reminded me of Mac and Cheese. Bobby Flay took something ordinary and made them into extraordinary. Few people can get rabbit right. He did. This restaurant did.Seeking a mid price range restaurant in the casino that guarantees a full basket of carbs shortly after you order, and serves up 22 oz rib eye to curb your steak craving? Seek no longer.
5	Does not disappoint! It's a grill with a kick! Tiger shrimp is succulent and tamale side buttery, moist, sweet corn. The cheese appetizer is also delicious. Both the pork tenderloin and ribeye are top-notch, spicy, sweet, perfectly seared. The buttery sweet potato tamale with pecans is awesome! Better than the side of blue corn basil tamale. Even the bread basket is awesome - chili asiago cheese, walnut raisin, blue cornbread... Yummy. We had some chocolate pudding that was delicious, creamy milk chocolatey. Service is friendly, helpful and responsive. My son loves the cheese quesadillas they will make for kids. My baby was grunting in delight for spoonfuls of the mashed potatoes - I think she had 1/2 of my husband's side to herself!
1	Wish I had something good to say about the food, but we never actually had the opportunity to eat. Ten minutes of fire alarms and flashing lights in the middle of dinner service kind of killed it for our party. We just couldn't take it any longer.
3	Ok, I am a huge fan of Bobby Flay so my wife and decided to drop by Mesa Grill. We shared the 22 ounce steak with mashed potatoes. I have to be honest and admit that I really wasn't that impressed with the food. The steak was good but NOT what I expected with all the hype that comes with Bobby. I seriously thought I would get blown away by the food but his steak tasted pretty much like any other steak you could buy at Longhorn steak house. As for the mashed potatoes well, they taste like all mashed potatoes should taste like.  Overall I would give him a 6.5 out of 10 for his steak but I am not sure I would spend $65.00 again for only steak and mashed potatoes.
3	Food was different but good.  Had the pork tenderloin and queso potatoes which were great. Chopped salad was just ok, my wifes poblano pepper blah and her corn was good but a little heavy on the lime.  Overall good but can't see the value in the meal overall.
4	Delicious appetizers! Try the ahi nachos with mango habenero dressing.  Additionally, their pumpkin soup is KILLER! Love me some Bobby Flay.
1	I used to like Mesa Grill and I think Bobby Flay is an excellent Chef. But this place as gone to the dogs. Expensive for lousy food. Nuked fish with a harsh rub. A salad made with five cents worth of food for eighteen bucks. Service that disappears if you have a comment that is not what they want to hear. Bobby Flay needs to get in there and raise some hell...the quality is crap. Any Michelin should be a tire mark. Substitutions of fish types without telling the customer. Will never go back.
5	I've been here a few times this place never fails! The first time we went my uncle got the rib-eye and it blew me away..so tender and juicy and it does come with the two sauces but the meat alone if just so good!!! That's what I order now everytime we eat here. We also tried the filet mignon which I was a bit skeptical at first because of the "coffee crusted" part but for some reason it works. Haha! The mashed potatoes with the creamy sauce in the middle is delicious and so is the tamale that goes as a side. The mango crusted tuna was good too if you're not a red-meat lover. The only thing I wasn't a big fan of was the pork. The presentation of each dish was beautiful and all the waters each time we have gone have been kind and knowledgable.  A bit pricey but worth it!
4	Althought Mesa Grill has been around for awhile, it has recently become one of my new favortie places to hit when I am on the Strip.  Had lunch there a few weeks ago and it was a treat.  Dinner last night was amazing with Lobster Tacos to start and a perfectly cooked NY strip that left me wanting more.  Presentation was lovely. Crowded scene!
5	Several years ago I went to the Mesa Grill for Lunch. It was OK, but nothing special. I went again the other day for Dinner and was blown away. We were shown to our table by the very courteous staff. Then our server came over and answered all the questions we had about the menu. We asked a lot of questions, and she had answers for all of them and never seemed in a hurry to move away from us.As an appetizer I had the roasted corn soup. It was so wonderfully creamy and tasty that I would have been happy with two more bowls as my entree and desert. It was that good. For my main course I ordered the New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. This had a nice spice rub that had a bit of heat to it. If you don't care for spicy foods you need to stay away from this one. But, if you enjoy a bit of heat then this dish will give you a taste sensation you have probably never had before. The meet was tender and cooked to perfection. The Bourbon and Ancho Chile Sauce complemented it very well and gave it more depth. I ordered a side of mashed potatoes with a Green Chile Queso sauce. This was tasty as well and complemented the pork very nicely. My wife had the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chop and loved it.For desert my wife and I shared the Toasted Coconut Layer Cake. This was a little slice of heaven. The coconut was a nice brown and not heavily caked on the outside. It was just lightly applied. The cake to frosting ratio was nice. There were four layers of cake and the total frosting was about the same as one of the layers. It was nice and thin.We both enjoyed ourselves very much. I know we will be going back again.
5	Great food at this place! Bobby Flay is amazing and the menu here is excellent! Delicious food and drinks- especially their margaritas! I highly reccmmend the shrimp and corn tamale! It is considered an appetizer but i order it as my meal. Their burgers are great too. I have also eaten at the mesa grill in tbe atlantis and in Nyc and  they were excellent too! You cant go wrong eating here!
4	I didn't think I would enjoy this restaurant (I'm not a big Bobby Flay's fan), but I was surprised by the food.  It was quite good and the price was reasonable for lunch.  The bread basket was good, and I would recommend getting the cactus pear tea (unlimited refill).
5	I was more than excited about our reservations at Mesa Grill and the excitement turned out to be well worth it. From the drinks to the appetizers to the main courses- everything was delicious and impressive. The goat cheese fundido appetizer was to.die.for and the chilaquiles (that I ordered as my main course) were some of the best Ive ever had (and I like to think of myself as a chilaquiles connoisseur; its one of my favorite brunch items and Ive had them all over California, in Chicago, Austin, and now Las Vegas).Im not really one to drink margaritas (they're much too sweet and they typically contain crappy ingredients), but Mesa Grill's "skinny" margarita (the Partida Margarita) was delicious and, thankfully, not overly sweet since in was only sweetened with agave nectar instead of simple syrup or plain sugar or other questionable sweeteners. Overall: I would highly recommend dining at Mesa Grill if you have the chance. Great service, wonderful food, impressive margaritas, and conveniently located at Caesar's Palace.
4	Our first time dining at  a Bobby Flay restaurant and I must say the food was quite delicious. For starters we had the blue corn pancake with barbecue duck and the tiger shrimp with a garlic corn tamale. The tiger shrimp and the tamale was very delicious, so many different flavors in on little tamale. I found the pancake and duck however to be quite sweet, not one of my favorites. For our main course my wife and i shared the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash, which was splendid as well. Definitely one of the tastier restaurants I've been to in vegas.
4	Yeay for putting a twist on Mexican/Southern food. And for not having long lines and instant seating.And having mango-carrot juice on your menu, Bobby Flay.We originally intended to have breakfast at the Buffet at Caesar's Palace. But none of us wanted to wait for 45 mins to be able to eat. And definitely not when we were hungover.Instant seating meant we could order coffee and juices pronto.The coffee was decent. And with multiple refills.The Mango-Carrot juice cured my hangover. And my friend & I loved it so much, we ended up ordering 2 servings each!Our server was very sweet. Answered any question we had. And placed our orders pretty quick. The bread basket was very delicious. An eclectic blend of savory & sweet. The corn bread was yummaaaaaaay. And the chocolate brownie was melt-in-your-mouth yummy.Between the 4 of us, we sampled a few dishes on their brunch menu:Goat cheese "Fundido" - While the dish does contain goat cheese, there's a strong flavor of other cheeses as well. Manchego being prominent. The corn chips that come with are fresh too. Beware, the dish is very rich, just as any other dish at Mesa.Spicy Chicken w/ sweet potato hash - This is an offshoot of your eggs benedict. It's literally eggs benedict on top of a very uniquely made sweet potato hash brown. Very well presented. And equally tasty.Spicy Scrambled eggs - This one had no chance. The husband inhaled it. Scrambled eggs chilaquiles - This is a very rich dish with creme fraiche. I couldn't finish it and neither could my girl friend. It probably is the best in town. The potatoes that come with are so yummy. Get those, skip the grits.Now, if you have cholesterol issues or are trying to lose a few lbs, Mesa is not the place for you. While the food is tasty, it's also very buttery/cheesy/oily. You might end up with heartburn, and give them one star less in the process.Service was nice and on top of their job. Price was reasonable given that it's Las Vegas & Bobby Flay's place.I'll go back... maybe after I drop a few lbs...
5	Bobby Flay does it again. Everything about this restaurant radiates confidence . Bright colors , attentive staff , interesting menu items . I had the blue corn lobster tacos , the shrimp tamale, the roasted chicken dish and the coconut cake . I also had a citrus vodka drink to seal the deal . Across the board , everything was beautiful and tastefully executed.
5	I had the salmon and my hubby had the pork tenderloin. They were both amazing!We didn't have reservations on a Friday night, but the full menu is served at the bar so we just grabbed a couple seats, ordered some drinks and had a fabulous meal. The bartender was awesome and she even let me sample a fee of her specialties whenever another guest ordered one. The white peach margarita was my fave of the samples. The ambiance was nice, and I am certain we will go back and eat there the next time we are in Vegas.
3	As a rule, probably not one of the places I would venture to, as places on strip are over-rated and overpriced?? The service was very good, the food okay,as the portion are small for the price(on appetizers). My lamb chop was peppery, and lack a little flavor,, did not care for the brown sauce drizzle around it. I tried my friend's scallops, it was yummier.... The white peach margaritas were great, would of had a few more , but not at $14 ea,, maybe they need to sell it cheaper by a pitcher...I loved, the tiger shrimp tamale,, yummy-o.. Dessert were top notch, tasty.. Yes we had to order a couple of the tiger apps and blue pancake with duck,as all apps are only one on plate, if you are sharing a taste, more than a bite, the price adds up $$$$..
2	Wow, what a disappointment and I'm a huge bobby flay fan. Menu is "tired". Service was good. Wine was great. Food just seemed tired and dated, salad wilted and not supposed to be. Muffins dry. He's done several great new cookbooks in past five -seven years. How about picking its from them. Honestly my husband cooks bobby flay much better than this restaurant.  But hubby is an awesome cook!!
5	That rib eye was so good that I needed a cigarette after I was done eating it, good thing that Las Vegas lets you smoke indoors..too bad that I don't smoke. They must cook in a volcano, because the steak had a nice crust with the middle just barely warm ...22oz of awesomeness is what that was. The meat was tender and every bite wasn't saying "beef", it was screaming with neon signs..that is an awesome steak, my hat off to you Mr. Flay. We ask the waiter if the mashed potatoes (with a green chile white cheese sauce) could be shared, he said yes... no you can't share it..for one, it's a small side and 2 its too goo to share..you will want that bad boy all by yourself. I also had the roasted corn soup, my only complaint is that it's too small. It has a smoke chile flavor (not spicy) that balances well with the sweetness of cream. I've normally avoided "celebrity chef" restaurants in the past, thinking it was all hype. Mesa Grill changed that for me. The 3 items above plus 2 jack and coke came up to $128... not cheap by any stretch, but well worth the flavor explosion.
5	I brought my wife here for a special night while in Las Vegas and Mesa Grill did not disappoint.  Everything here was fabulous!  The wait staff, the drinks, and the food.We will be back!
5	Located in Cesar's Palace on the famous Las Vegas Strip. Ok so it's a little expensive, but the menu is quite inventive and everything is fresh (the fish and seafood is flown in daily). I recommend making reservations as it can get packed, but if you do have to wait, make sure to try a margarita or three at the bar. I should mention that the service is always great here. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	I don't know why, but I'd always been reluctant to try this place.  Maybe it's because it's so close to the casino floor?  Maybe it's the bright colors?  Maybe because I kept thinking it was a Mexican restaurant, realize it wasn't when I actually *was* looking for a Mexican restaurant, and it just wasn't on my radar for steaks/meat?  Maybe because it's sort of in no man's land where it's too expensive for a casual meal and not really in the upper tier of fine dining restaurants on the strip?  Regardless, I finally got around to trying Mesa when it was a friend's choice for dinner.  Took a little hunting to find something that really stuck out on the menu to me.  No doubt it's just personal preference, but quite a few items on the menu seemed to have polarizing experiments, meaning they'd start off sounding great before having a deal breaker ingredient I don't care for.  I'm not usually a fan of substitutions or trying to alter a chef's creation.  When I did finally decide on my meal, it was very good.  Much better than I was expecting.  Portions are on the smaller side though, and I wouldn't put Mesa in the top tier of restaurants on the strip.  3.5 stars rounded up from me.
5	We came here last Thursday and this was the best lunch I've had in a while. I was pretty food happy after this visit and maybe a little sleepy too lol. I feel really bad that I forgot our server's name because he was super friendly and definitely not stuffy or high-nosed like some servers at higher end places. Peach Magarita:  I don't normally like Margaritas because I prefer sweet or citrusy drinks but I really liked this one. It tasted more like a white sangria because there was barely any sourness so I enjoyed it.Pan Roasted Shrimp: This is the one I ordered and it  came with creamy green chile rice and smoked chile butter. The flavor was amazing and shrimp was big. It was also the perfect size since it was on the rich side. I could definitely see myself craving this for a creamy seafood fix.Green Chile Cheeseburger: My boyfriend ordered this one but as usual I tasted it too lol it was a perfect medium rare and was very tender and juicy. It came with a slightly spicy queso sauce, roasted poblanos and pickled red onions. Yummm! Southwestern Fries: These came with the burger and were the best fries I've had in a while. Super flavorful and whatever you do, ask for a side of peppered mayo. Our server asked if we wanted some so we were like sure, why not. I was expecting well, pepper in mayo lol  but what we got was this tangy zesty sauce and it was soo good that my boyfriend even put it on his burger.Now let's talk their Chocolate Cajeta Cake with vanilla swirl ice cream and salted chocolate crunch. I am in love. Head over heels in love. My boyfriend is rolling his eyes while I'm saying this lol but really. I am warning you though, this is sweet tooth craving to the extreme. It was almost a little too sweet and rich for me after the first few bites but I am the type of person that will choose chocolate over any savory meal any day. Soo if you're chocolate monster like I am, go for it!We will definitely be back to try dinner and most likely for lunch again as well! A+ for Mr.Bobby Flay.
3	Santa Fe, New Mexico has raised our expectations when it comes to Food.Tiger Shrimp tamale : bland and saltyNew Mexico rubbed chipotle pork: Ham flavored and lacking sauceLamb chops: Very flavorful .Second or return visit. No!!Service was top notch.
2	My husband and I have had lunch here twice.  On our first visit, we were totally annoyed with the waiter who apparently did not want to accept the fact that my husband and I did not want cocktails with our lunch.  He repeatedly asked us about drinks and we repeatedly said, "No, thank you."  We ordered an array of appetizers for lunch which were all quite good.  When they arrived, again he brought up the subject of drinks and suggested a special margarita and said we could split it if we wanted to.  Split a drink?  Seriously?  We were not being cheap (just the array of appetizers built a pretty hefty tab) and are totally aware that when in Vegas you shell out the bucks for what you want and we have no problem with that.  We tried Mesa again on a visit last October and were relieved that this time we didn't get the cocktail hard-sell.  We both ordered the barbecued lamb cobb salad.  Our waiter felt the need to mention that the lamb wasn't really barbecued but more on the grilled side.  So, why not call it the grilled lamb cobb salad?  Not a deal breaker.  The salad was tasty although a bit mushy due to the guacamole in it.  Why not just slice or dice the avocado and keep the salad a nice consistency?  Can't say I just can't wait to get back to Vegas to go to Mesa Grill again.  We do say this about meals we have had at Todd English and Wofgang Puck where you get great quality and bang for your big bucks (after all, this IS Vegas). What I can say about this last experience is, "Bobby, please bring me the rest of my salad!"  The portion was incredibly small (about a cup full) to have been served in such a large bowl.  The large container only served to make us wonder where the rest of our salad was.  This item needs to be moved to the appetizer section.  If lamb is all that expensive, would it have hurt to at least throw in some extra greens to bulk it up a bit?   The good thing is that all during the rest of our trip, we kept laughing about this salad experience.  Bobby, we still love you but we don't love Mesa Grill!
5	Talk about a consistently solid meal.  Mesa Grill continues to impress and leave me with a satisfied meal.  My favorite dishes are the Pork Tenderloin, Rabbit, and Coffee rubbed steak.  The Lobster Tacos are awesome to start with, and the margaritas are excellent.  I had a craving for a couple weeks to go back to Mesa Grill, so Mr. Riches and I went there with the team.  The others at the table ordered the Veal, and they also enjoyed that.  However, the consensus was that it did not compete with the dishes I mentioned above.If you want a reasonably priced meal, that won't take forever, stop by Mesa Grill for a bite.
5	I have been to this restaurant at least 3 times. Consistently delivers great meals over the years. If I am in Vegas I go here.
4	I had the lamb chop (medium), very delicious and perfectly charred. Southwestern corn is probably the best thing on the menu, I wish they shipped it. Great ambience, perfect service, and over the top mixed drinks. The only downside, Bobby wasn't there ;)
4	It was good, I would go back.
5	Mesa grill is one of my favorites when I go to Vegas.  They have awesome food and the servers there are also awesome.  They take the time to go over specials and explain what items on the menu tastes like (on the night I went, it  was super busy). Drinks:The servers were raving about their margaritas, but I opted to get a dessert wine and got the weinlaubenhof kracher 08 ($16 per glass), which was very sweet, so if you're into that, must try!Appetizers:Blue corn lobster taco ($20). I basically like corn, so getting this taco was a given. Baby romaine salad ($13), there is nothing that stands out about this salad and tasted generic, so you can save yourself 13 dollars and order something else. Entrees:Their 22 Oz bone in chipotle glazed rib eye ($48) was spot on.  Since it was a large piece of meat,  I opted for well done,  but slightly pink.  This turned out to be amazing. The meat was so soft and tender and it held in the juices and flavor very well. Also, to top it off the red and green chile sauce pairs perfectly with the slightly smoked taste of the meat. Mango tuna steak ($38) is a fun little twist to your average steak. It had fun flavors like peppercorn, and pine nuts, cous cous to top off your steak. Can't go wrong with a little twist if executed right. Desserts:Brown butter carrot cake ($11) The cream cheese was so soft and it came with caramelized apples. It wasn't too sweet, but just enough to fulfill a dessert craving.Churros ($11) come topped with cinnamon sugar and chocolate/coconut caramel dipping sauces. The texture of the churro did taste a little hard, but unsure if it was just that day or that's the nature of how the churro is made.
5	Finally decided to write my review for this restaurant as I am just sitting here at work thinking about the oh so delicious hot smoked salmon club I've ordered when I was in Vegas. Great food + great service = happy girl. What more can I ask ??  I came with a bachelorette party (about 10 total) and we had great service. This club consisted of avocados ( I loveeeee avocados! ) tomatos, bacon, and chipotle aioli. Also came with a side of fries. I ate half of it because I was going to a pool party and didn't want my stomach bulging out like the night before when I went to eat at a buffet. Oh man I learned my lesson - I was too full to function. But that's a different story. So I was hoping to eat the other half when I wanted some drunk munchies. My cousins ordered burgers and other items and they all loved it.  This sandwich was so good that when I came back drunk from the club, all I was kept saying was "I want my sandwich" over and over while stumbling and rolling on the bed, according to my cousin. I can't wait to come back!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. The pork tenderloin is fantastic and you must not pass on ordering the lobster tacos as an appetizer. The duck appetizer was great as well, very rich so best shared with someone. The house cab is a great choice of wine. The food has so much complex flavor the wine should be simple and enjoyable. My dinner companion got the Chili Rellano and was not overly excited about it. Will be back next time I am in town. I recommend you make a reservation at least a few days ahead.
5	We went in around breakfast/lunch time in November and the atmosphere was nice. We waited a little bit to get seated and the place had high ceilings, cool decors, next to the sport bar in Caesar's Palace. Service was excellent, coffee was soo good. Till this day I still think about it. Wonder what coffee they've used. The complimentary bread had an interesting mix of muffins, cheese bread, and something else. But the little cheese bread was awesome! We've asked for more. Our burger and fries was cooked perfectly and the smoked salmon was also excellent.  We were thinking the bill will be crazy high but when it came we were surprised of how decent it was. Much better food and price than other higher end restaurant in Caesars. Good food, good service, good deal = happy customer. I would definitely come back for more.
5	OMG this had to be one of the best meals we had while visiting Vegas! Every thing was exceptional from beginning to start... For our lunch We ordered pretty much everything on the menu... Standouts would have to be the shrimp tamale and the pan roasted shrimp with the rice! It was sublime... Also the French fries that came with the burger were awesome! Perfectly fried and crispy... I'm forgetting about the queso Fundido! It has goat cheese so it deterred the table a bit but I read it was a must so we did and it was Super delicious! To drink everyone has a cactus pear margarita which was my favorite from last time and I had a cactus pear tea... Which was good and I like the fact they give you a simple syrup type thing as a sweetener... Just look at my pictures... They speak 1000 words right?! With all the many different restaurants it's easy to miss but you shouldn't!!
5	Out of all the highly rated restaurants I've been to in Philly, NY, NJ, Dallas, and Oklahoma. This is my favorite restaurant ever- mainly because of the food. We got the: Appetizer: Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale- The Tamales had the most delicious sauces infused into it. Entrees: 1. Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops (medium)- Perfectly cooked and very well seasoned with very bold flavors. It was spicy and I loved it!. 2. Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin Bourbon (medium)- ancho chile sauce sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter. It was tangy and the sauces perfectly complemented the meat. Dessert: We got the chocolate cake? (don't remember what it was called): It was layered date & chocolate cake with a salted chocolate sauce, a crunchy rice crispy garnish and a scoop of Vanilla ice cream - VERY VERY Good.Pros: The price compared to the other high end restaurants in Vegas.  The Food! was perfect.The ambiance is great for small parties. Cons: I went there with my wife for dinner and we were lucky the seats next to us emptied out not too long after we got there or else it would have been cramped and included in the conversations around us.
4	Fan-freaking-tastic.I loved my meal at Mesa Grill.I sat at the bar and the bartender was excellent about taking care of me with refills and such.I had a Patron silver margarita and thought it was perfectly mixed.For dinner, I ordered the grilled chicken ($30).  The hot red pepper/garlic sauce on this thing was incredible.  It came with outstanding cilantro pesto mashed potatoes.  I think I licked the plate clean.  I'm chipping off one star because $30 is pretty steep for half a chicken and some mashed potatoes, but food is always pricey in Vegas.I've eaten at a lot of terrible places in Las Vegas.  But I'm adding Mesa Grill to my list of go-to dining spots.
5	AAA quality food! True fine dining experience. Will definitely come back to try again
3	This is a great spot for food that is filled with flavor and nuance. I highly recommend the duck pancakes,  tuna nachos and both the mushroom and chicken quesadillas. The apps beat out the entrees and all the dishes have a unique flavor combo. The ambience is so so and that's why I withheld a star, it lacks comfort and warmth. Overall, a good spot for a twist in southwestern flavors.
4	Why is it that a table for 2 always get stuck in a corner with the smallest table possible.  And to boot, all tables had a white table cloth except for the tables for two.  I'm giving the food 4 stars and the seating 1 star.  For the amount of money we paid for the food, we should have had a table cloth.  Come on Bobby.  Slightly disappointed
4	We were told that we should give this place a shot for brunch upon our arrival at Caesar's Palace so we did.  We were very interested in the twist it had in breakfast/brunch foods so we were sat down and given a chance to look through the menu and they had some different items.  I even took a chance to look at Yelp to see what some of these inventions were.  We ended up ordering the spicy scrambled eggs and the sweet potato hash.  Both were really good and we enjoyed our meals. Would recommend.
4	Sat at the bar on a Sunday night. Margarita was very good.  Be sure to add Grand Marnier;) I wasn't too hungry so I just ordered the Ancho Chile Glazed Salmon.   OMG sooooooooo good. Cooked perfectly medium rare and bursting with flavor.  I originally said no to the house bread basket but the couple next to be insisted I get it.  Good advice.  Its an assortment of different breads, but the one the stuck out the most to me was the blue corn muffin.All in all I was impressed. Service was prompt and the price reasonable considering the name and location of this place.
5	Soooo good.   Went here with some friends that recommended it.  My wife and I split some items.  First, we had the blue corn duck appetizer.  Really well done.  I have seen something similar on other menus, but this was perfect.  After this, we tasted our friends pumpkin soup and fell in love.  So, we had to order a bowl of this.    Then we split the veal steak.  The steak was cooked perfect and the sauce was to die for.     I am not a fan of too spicy, nor do I typically enjoy southwestern flavors, but the spice was just right...and bobby's menu may have changed my mind about southwestern flavors.   I also took a bite of the lobster my friends ordered and that too was top notch, the sauce was amazing.    Well done Bobby.
1	I'm a big fan of Bobby Flay's shows (Iron Chef & Beat Bobby Flay) so I decided to splurge and take my family here for Thanksgiving dinner while visiting Vegas.Big mistake.The food is way overpriced for what you get.  You're basically paying for the name instead of quality food.  Basic cocktails are $12+.  Desserts are $11 and not big enough to share (no I'm not a pig either).  I ordered the pork tenderloin which was $36 for 3 tiny pieces (c'mon, it's not sushi!) and a very dry tasteless "tamale".  My dad and my wife had the turkey dinner for $38, again very small portions and they later told me it was cold!  My 12 year old son had the salmon which he really enjoyed, but for $32 can't you at least include 1 side??!!The best thing I can say about the restaurant is the bread basket!  The waiter warned us of the "spicy" bread which was not spicy at all - just a couple bits of jalapeno, but the cheese crust was delicious.The service was ok, but nothing special.  It took forever to get our food (we were there for 2 hours), but I can understand that due to the holiday.  The icing on the cake was walking out and nobody at the hostess bar said thanks for coming.  After dropping $280 for 3 adults and 3 kids, I will definitely not be back!
5	This was likely one of the best meals I've had.... I don't know, ever?  Okay, that may be a bit of a stretch, but it was definitely up there in terms of superior deliciousness.  My husband and I started with the blue corn lobster tacos.  Who knew you could shove so much flavor into three little tacos?! There were decent chunks of lobster and the balance of spicy, sweet and tart was spot on.  It was $20 for three tiny little tacos, but I can say with some certainty that I would definitely order them again. Okay, on to the entrees--I ordered the grilled lamb porterhouse chops and they were phenomenal.  They were tender, perfectly cooked to the recommended medium. A preserved serrano chile sauce and mint chimichurri accompanied the lamb and it was a combination of sauces that you pretty much want to put on everything. The blue corm tamale with basil butter was also pretty tasty, but I liked the goat cheese tamale that came with my husband's veal a little better.  Overall, I thought my dish was slightly better than his, but he devoured his plate easily and with no hesitations, so I doubt he felt the same.  Oh did I forget to mention the bread basket?  Also delicious of course.  The jalepeno corn bread was my favorite, but you really can't go wrong with any of them. The crusty french bread and blue corn muffin was also just ridiculous.We were so full after all this food that we skipped dessert.  This was probably a huge mistake as I imagine the desserts were probably equally as mind blowing.  I suppose this just gives us an excuse to go back the next time we're in town.  Don't miss this place.
5	This place was great. We had the Saturday Brunch. I loved the menu. We had a group of 4 so we could share everything. The burger had great flavor, the shrimp tamale and the pumpkin soup were the all stars. Probably everyone's least favorite was the salmon, but even the worst thing was good.
5	In short, fantastic! We've got the lobster, the lamb, the scallops, rabbit and pork tenderloin. Everything was fantastic but the lamb is out of this world good. Great attentive service too! All in all a great memorable dining experience.
4	We had brunch here for a bachelorette party. The bread basket was very good. Different kinds of bread, such as coffee cake. The pumpkin soup was delicious. The scrambled egg tostada was okay. Nothing special. The waffle was good. Chicken salad good. Our server Rafael was very friendly. Cocktails overpriced, no surprise though. They usually are. Good food, nice service, minus a star for being over priced for what you get.
4	*** PROS **** Gorgeous, high-end atmosphere* Prompt, attentive service! Could not take a sip of water without it being refilled. Many servers took care of us, from water, to cocktails to the main meal, we felt we, the customer, were a priority.* Fabulous food! Fresh, warm from the oven bread and muffins, salmon cooked to perfection with a black bean sauce, rich lobster with hominy cakes, and a succulent rib-eye steak were our main meals. Sides included double baked potato with horseradish, mashed potatoes, and brussel sprouts with walnuts and pomegranate seeds. Everything was scrumptious! * Restroom within the restaurant so we didn't have to wander back out onto the casino floor. *** CONS **** Not really a con, just a fact. Dinner is pricey! Menu prices start at $32, and do not include sides.
4	Holy moly, you guys.  Talk about AMAZING FOOD!  Gah, I am still salivating over this meal and it's been 4 days!We love us some Bobby Flay, so naturally we would choose to spend one of our two nights at Mesa Grill.  It was our first time, and we were very excited.  Mesa did not disappoint!We had 7 pm reservations but headed to Caesars early to get drinks somewhere.  We ended up at Mesa early, and they were able to seat us right away. Perfect, cuz we were hungry!  We had a table in the back that was tiny and super close to our neighbors, but after the overall food experience, that didn't matter.We started with cocktails which were tasty.  I tried the grapefruit vodka drink and my hubby had the one with Hendricks and cucumbers.  I am a vodka lover, but we both agreed his was amazing and tastier than mine.  We ordered 2 starters - the tiger prawn tamale and the smoked chicken quesadilla.  The tamale was out of this world!  I could eat that sauce on basically anything...so good!  The shrimp were delicious and the tamale was sweet with big corn kernels throughout.  If you go, you MUST get this.A bread basket came with an amazing corn muffin (but only one...which was sad, haha), some jalapeno cheese bread and a raisin walnut bread.  Not sure why the 3rd one was there, but my hubby liked it.  We ordered a second round of drinks, and this is where one star comes off.   The waiter touted a certain margarita, but my hubby wanted the create-your-own style with his favorite tequila.  The waiter then said, "sir, if I may, you really need to get this one.  It's so smooth..." and bla bla bla, so he did, but asked for it on the rocks instead of up.  It came, up.  So we asked again for it on the rocks, and it came, but was only ok.  My hubby wished the server would have just let him order what he wanted.   For our entree, we shared the seared scallops and they were heavenly.  They were so crisp on the outside, well seasoned and perfectly done.  The grits it came with were amazing too.  Definitely recommend!Dessert was the toasted coconut cake and I honestly don't know if I've ever had cake that good in my life!  So moist, and so coconutty!  What I wouldn't give for another slice...The ambiance is a little casual for the price point, but still nice.  Our server was attentive but the pushiness about that marg was off-putting.  Sometimes you just have to let the customer order what they want.  All in all, this was the best food we had in Vegas and we will be back!
5	I never miss Mesa Grill while in town -- it never disappoints!It is my favorite brunch place in Vegas -- they have a super interesting menu and everything is expertly prepared and served piping hot. I had the chilaquiles and I'm still dreaming of them. The perfect level of spice and crunch and the eggs were just amazing.  The bread bowl is too die for with spicy corn muffins and other goodies.  Even the cocktails and lattes are prepared perfectly too.The location in the Caesar's sports book is a great place to get started for an NFL Sunday!I can't rave enough about Mesa Grill!
5	New York strip steak... amazing. Burnt grilled outside, pink med rare inside, came with spinach and great chili sauces. Fries were crispySalmon club sandwich with smoked salmon. Really deliciousLarge menu of margaritas and tequilas choice of triple sec, Grand Marnier etcTotally yummy, no wonder he is called Bobby Flay-vor
5	Love Mesa Grill! Been there for both lunch and dinner and I'd have to say I prefer the lunch menu. Dinner is the typical steak, seafood etc. with a sudden flare. The lunch however has one of my all time favorite dishes: their shrimp tacos which comes with a tomatillo salsa and a mango salsa. Their queso fundido and rough cut tuna "nachos" are both great appetizers featured in both their lunch and dinner menus. Overall a great restaurant with excellent food and I'll continue to come back!
5	We were looking for someplace to have dinner before seeing Shania Twain in concert at Caesars on 12/9/14 & decided to give Mesa Grill a try. I don't like spicy foods but the host said most of the sauces could be "on the side" if needed. Our waiter was Arnel & he made us feel right at home. Friendly & attentive, he helped make our dining experience memorable. I tried their peach margarita since I like to try different fruit-flavored ones & it was yummy!Hubby ordered the grilled chicken & I ordered the grilled lamb porterhouse cops with the sauces on the side. I almost always order lamb when we dine out because my husband doesn't care for it. O.M.G.!!! From the very first bite, I knew this was, hands-down, the absolute best lamb I have ever had! Perfectly grilled, very mildly flavored & buttery soft, it was simply dreamy. If we had been home, I would have picked them up & cleaned all the meat off the bones! I did try a little of each of the sauces & although too spicy for me, they were very, very tasty & did add to the flavors.My previous #1 had been lamb sirloin in Jackson Hole & #2 was lamb chops in Cambria. This is my new #1 restaurant for lamb! Coming back here for dinner next time we're in Vegas for sure!
1	Shifty bartenders can't make a spicy margaritas at the best "Southwestern" restaurant in Vegas! #Flay's place  is old and dusty...
2	Had a brunch reservation on my final day in Vegas. I was looking forward to trying this restaurant due to the Bobby Flay name and rave reviews online.The food is overrated and i have had better food elsewhere in vegas. Our party had ordered:Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash: This dish had a good kick to it and the sauce was savoury but the sweet potatoes seemed undercooked and a little hard. There was hardly any chicken in the dish. Overall a disappointmentGreen Chile Cheeseburger: The patty tasted good but its a burger that I could have eaten anywhere and wasn't anything special.Honey Glazed Salmon: Decent but nothing specialSpiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich: Dry and the panini was burnt and very dry.Overall, I was disappointed at the taste and quality of food offered at this restaurant. This restaurant wasn't very busy when I went compared to other restaurants in Las Vegas where line-ups are norm.
5	I must say that this was my favorite restaurant so far that I've ever tried. Seriously Flay is THE MAN. The food is stunning and the flavors are just perfect. Service was amazing and the atmosphere was modern and beautiful. Everything complimented each other perfectly. For an appetizer we ordered the rough cut tuna nachos. It looked gorgeous and the fish, sauces and oils were perfectly spicy and balanced! I could be happy just eating that itself. Then for my entree I ordered the coffee crusted filet mignon medium rare. Hands down amazing I can't even describe it. It's the best cut of meat I've ever had. Ever! I also ordered a side of mashed potatoes centered with creamy poblano cheese. I ate everything! My husband got the unshelled lobster with corn cakes. Absolutely tasty and father in law had the lamb chops with a tamale. Prices are expensive but totally worth it. You're in Vegas. Live a little. You'll be happy you went here.
5	We always have to stop for a meal when in Vegas. The cactus pear margueritas are so good. This trip we ordered the lobster tamales, the Brussel sprouts, the fundidoes and the chicken black bean quesadillas. I think we would have passed on the fundidoes. Especially since we got the churros. Dang! So good. Save room for these puppies! The dips were so good.
3	Being asked to remove my hat prior to being seated as if I am some common riff raff without basic table manners is insulting enough, but then finding that the possibility of my hat being so offensive to the other diners in my section sipping from hand grenades they brought in whilst wearing sports jerseys and concert t-shirts over the bray of young children that it needed to be done with zero tact by the receptionist was particularly over the top.  Be casual or be dressy, but don't be a little of both and unable to communicate your schizophrenic expectations without a bit of courtesy. At least the food is good.
5	Bobby Flay makes delicious food. I have been to Mesa Grill three times, twice for lunch, and it's one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The space is huge, so even on a night you think a seat might take a while, they can typically accommodate you, so don't skip this place thinking it'll be too tough to get seated. Each time the service has been fantastic. For lunch both times I got the Green Chili Cheeseburger, which comes with some awesome spicy French fries. The sandwich has cheese, delicious green chili and picked onions. It's awesome and that's why I got it both times. For dinner, I got the pork, and there's was absolutely nothing left on the plate. The price is what you'd expect, but not outrageous. It's definitely worth the visit on your trip to Vegas.5 *****.
5	My wife and i were wandering through Ceasars and came across Mesa Grill.  We waited approx 30 minutes but well worth the wait. Service was great and very attentive.  Had the margarita which was very good.  Had the scrimp appetizer and the 12 oz steak NY which was the best steak i think i have had in a long time. Love the twice baked potatoes which the waiter recommended.Ardel our waiter was very friendly and made the visit very special.  This was our tenth anniversary and i can't think of a better place to dine and celebrate.  Kudos to Bobbie Flay on great staff, food and an overall very special experience,  I will definatley go back next time in vegas.
5	One of the best places I have ever been to for upscale food.I am a big fan of Bobby Flay.   I have been dying to get to Vegas to check outMesa Grill.  It took us three nights to get there due to being in Vegas for New Years, but I digress.The Ambiance is stunning.  The chef location is like  the command center of great ship.  Right in the middle for everyone to bear witness to.  The chefs cooking are like a well oiled machine, all the BF Rubs are all right there, the food is cooked in unison.  The waiter were all very pleasant and super helpful with our little ones too. They were on top of everything. Clearing the table when plates were empty, and adding water to the cups when they were still half full.The pre-food.  They brought out a few different kinds of bread and muffins.  The jalapeno bread was delicious, the raisin and walnut was magnificent and the muffins were all soft and buttery. I had the cactus tea which was super delicious!My wife had the veal which melted off the bone and was so succulent my mouth is still watering for it.This is the funny part, I was never a fan of beef or meats. However,  I ordered the New york strip steak.  Cooked to perfection, the dry rub was superb and the small amount of sauce that came with it, I savored every little bit.  The desert as a chocolate cake plated with some ice cream drizzled with chocolate sauce and rice crispies..The cost is out there but every once in a while it's good to splurge on something this good.Thanks Bobby!
3	After hearing friends rave about this place, I had very high expectations.  I love southwest flavors, so I was really looking forward to trying out Mesa Grill for myself.  I'd also heard good things about their margaritas.The restaurants sits right up against the casino floor in Caesar's.  The atmosphere inside was okay, but I still felt very aware that I was in a casino.  The bread was really delicious - in particular I was a big fan of the spicy southwest cornbread.  The service was also good - our water glasses didn't remain empty for long.The margarita list was shorter than I expected.  There were only a few specialty margaritas listed.  I asked the server if they could make any spicy margaritas, and she said she'd bring out some chopped serranos that I could put in a standard margarita.  It was tasty, and I appreciated her accommodating my request, but I was a bit disappointed they couldn't do something a little fancier than giving me a side of peppers to spice up my margarita given that margaritas are supposedly one of their specialties.I started off with the black bean soup, and boyfriend had the lobster tacos.  He was a huge fan of his tacos, and I'd give my soup a thumbs-up (though I think it may be hard to really mess up black bean soup).   For our mains, he had the swordfish, and I had the scallops.  This is where we were kind of disappointed.  While the accompanying sauces were delicious (mine came with some wild mushroom grits that were awesome), the scallops and swordfish were both overcooked.  They ended up being kind of tough and rubbery.  Kind of a shame because if they had been properly cooked I think we would've had a 4 star experience.  But, given that both of our entrees were overcooked, and we didn't arrive at a busy time, I have to demote to 3 stars.
5	This place was pretty tasty. I had the pork loin it was out of this world. We did get the mashed potatoes and Brussel sprouts which were amazing as well. Overall a great mean.
1	I have eaten at Mesa Grill before and loved it. I still love the food, but the last time we were there was on New Year's Eve and the no-prices listed menu resulted in a $45 starter salad. I'm not kidding. Another $45 for the three mini tacos. Yes, that's $90 for a salad (no meat) and three mini tacos. I felt very taken advantage of and for that reason can't recommend them anymore. Beware and if you go, ask before you order how much you're about to spend.
4	I didn't even know I didn't review this place so here it is since we came here a 2nd time this past week. They provide you w/ some awesome bread(I prefer the nutty bread...I think i ate like 5-6..) Oh just to let you know they have jalapeno pop bread that they only have during brunch(so when we came here for lunch they didn't have it :() .They have some similarities of food for brunch and lunch but we tried to avoid getting the same thing as brunch. We had the Smoked chicken + black  bean quesadilla, shrimp tamales, Swordfish, and cornmeal crusted chile relleno. I thought the smoked chicken quesadilla was pretty tasty. I think they grilled/fried the skin so it be crispy when you eat it and obviously goes well w/ avocado. I love the Garlic Creme Fraiche. Shrimp tamales: I liked it more the first time I had it but it was still really tasty. I thought it was a bit oversalted this time around but the shrimp was very good. I love the corns that are in it. Cornmeal crusted chile rellano- eh. Maybe it would be better w/ some kind of meat but it was a bit lackluster for me. Could use some more spice as well. It was pretty cool to see a whole pepper covered in cornmeal but it was very dry due to it as well. Barely got any eggplant in there as well. Swordfish: I thought this was absolutely delicious. The swordfish was cooked in perfection and had a GREAT sauce to go along w/ it. I love the cream green chile rice. It was kinda like risotto but less mushy. It was just an overall very tasty and seasoned dish. I would recommend it to anybody. It's a bit on the heavier side but I think it's definitely worth a try. Love their bread :3
1	Watched Bobby Flay for years on tv. Thought the food here would live up to the hype of his name. But, alas, he had very limited menu options for vegetarians.For a large party, we had to order duplicate dishes, cuz there wasn't anything on the menu other than two dishes for us to try.Ended up with soup and salad. Which tasted great.Main dishes only left us with the tigon of a poblano chilli and a mushroom quesadilla. See? Not much variety.I guess this is a place for meat lovers, but if you're vegetarian, be weary of trying one or two things only. Cuz that's all they have.
