5	Can a baguette change the course of your life forever? Maybe. Will Local Loaf's baguette give you an epiphany about how bread should taste? Definitely. Parked in Fran's old spot in the 7th Street Public Market, Local Loaf is bringing artisan bread and sandwiches to the masses. I stopped by today to purchased a baguette and spoke with Adam, proprietor and chef. Oh holy goodness. I was going to wait until I got home to tear in and experience the crusty, fresh perfection. But the Mr stopped by and ripped off a hunk of the end. I'm glad he did, because we quickly enjoyed the crusty, chewy, fresh-from-the-oven taste and texture in its purest form, unadulterated and delicious. I guess I should stop gushing and just tell you to make haste and visit Local Loaf. Today. Or tomorrow at the very latest.
4	When we went to the 7th Street Market to get lunch and do some shopping, I was initially disappointed to see that Local Loaf still had a coming soon sign on their location. Fortunately, the sign was outdated, because they were very much open.I ordered the fried chicken sandwich, and it came with a poached egg on top. It was pretty dang tasty... the biscuit was flavorful and flaky, the chicken was moist and well-seasoned, and the egg added that extra deliciousness that only a runny yolk can. I only wish that the biscuit on which it was served had been a bit larger, since it got messy toward the end. I'm glad to see Local Loaf in this space, and it will definitely become a regular weekend lunch spot.
2	I have to say, I wasn't quite pleased with my food here at Local Loaf. I had the Chicken and Egg biscuit. It was a mess. The poached egg (perfectly poached) was on the bottom side of the biscuit and I don't know if it was cut unevenly or what, but it seemed like part of the biscuit was missing. The chicken...way over seasoned! I don't like bland food, but I'd rather be able to add to it if need be. The seasoning on the chicken combined with the chipotle glaze was just too heavy on the salt scale for me. One of the chefs told me the chicken tenders are hand breaded...I can appreciate that, but it was all bread. Hardly any chicken under all the breading. Hate to say this but, I've had more substantial chicken tenders at Bojangles. That really made me sad. I had to eat it with a knife and fork and I was searching for the chicken and some aged cheddar flavor. The biscuit...no. No buttery flavor and not very flakey. It was almost dry. Not a "southern" biscuit by any means. My breakfast biscuit came with chips and they had some soggy almost wet spots on them. I'm guessing it was grease or something (I hope). Not quite sure. I think Local Loaf needs to go back to the drawing board on this one, or maybe I caught them at a bad time. I will go back to try a fresh loaf of bread. I kind of wish I could have my $8 (almost) $9 back for that biscuit. :(
5	Local ingredients. When I say local, I don't just mean local to Charlotte or the surrounding areas, I mean local to the 7th Street Public Market. These guys are using tons of products directly within the market and using them rather well. Coffee from Not Just Coffee, salt(s) from Salts of the Earth, produce from the market, and so on. It's the market's little microcosm of local perfection. Hailing from a history of bread baking and jiving with freshly baked bread of any sort, this is the holy grail of local purveyors for yours truly. I love bread. I'll say it again -- I love bread. Wait....Let me reiterate that -- I LOVE BREAD. Adam, owner/Chef, makes some killer breads. Namely, the Pecorino Romano blows my mind every time. We've taken home a few loaves, I've had it on the Cuban sandwich, and we've even paired it with some chili at home. Stellar execution on that recipe. Now serving breakfast and lunch -- the menu is tremendous. Can't speak too much to the breakfast items, but lunch is wondrously perfect. I've had the Cuban and the veggie sandwich. The Cuban is heavy, packed with tons of great stuff. Love the pulled pork and the lighter pickles. The mustard concoction is so complex and makes for a flavor dynamic that keeps your palate on the edge of your seat. Served on the Pecorino Romano alongside the clam chowder -- winner. I loved every bit of it and it was a great lunch. The veggie was equally legendary. Whatever that corn spread is brought tears of joy to my eyes. Also love the cooler packed with fun bottled sodas -- Sunkist, root beer, Cheerwine, and others. Focus: Bread, bread, bread. There is so much love, thought, and expertise put into every loaf. Do yourself a favor and pick one up next time you're at the market.
5	Excellent, high-end restaurant-quality food in the 7th Street Market. Come hungry -- the Cuban filled my up for hours. Worth a trip to the market just to score a sandwich here!
4	Great bread! I had the local dip. Classic french dip. My wife had the veggie sandwich and it was very very good! Great addition to 7th Street Market! Friendly service and great presentation of the sandwiches. Can't wait to try more!
4	I had the veggie sandwich and it was quite tasty.  It fell apart and the bottom of the bread was soggy by the end, but tasty none the less.  My fellow diner had the Hot Steak sandwich.  He was pleased.  Said the flavors were really good and the baguette was great.  We both thought we would see more bread for take home sales.  Only a few loaves were displayed.  I did see them making bread in the back so it sure is fresh! I am very interested in the Chicken and the Egg.  Will be going back to try.  They were out of the Ruben by 12:30p, so it must be good!
4	Pretty cool place to grab lunch.  I'm on board with the board upon which my sandwich is served.  Service is quite quietly one of the better bets to unlock the locks holding secrets of this place.  The bread is extremely fresh here.The only sucky thing was that with my one visit I didn't tip at the time of purchase before getting the food.  Had I known that we get actual service, I would have tipped something like $2 at the time of purchase.  Tip for everyone. =)dmo out.
4	Yummy, yummy in my tummy!  On a weekday lunch trip with my girls, Dion L., Katie M. & Simone M., Katie & I decided to try out Local Loaf.It was such a hard choice, because I love me some sandwiches. AND, I love the Local  Loaf - get it, LOCAL ;) - has local ingredients. After much thinking, I went with The Local Dip & cucumber salad as a side.I didn't have to wait too long for the food, maybe less than 10 minutes. While I love the presentation of the food on the wooden plank, it made for a bit of a mess every time I went to dip my sandwich in the delicious au jus. The steak was cooked nicely & it was very tender. The baguette bread...mmmm! Not too hard & not too soft, it was just right! You could taste how fresh it was. The cucumber salad was cool & refreshing, with onion & dill. The employees here are very friendly. Adam, the owner, was extremely nice & you can tell how proud he is of his shop. Prices are reasonable & they use "Square" for debit/credit card payments.
5	Fresh ingredients, delicious sandwiches, friendly staff.
4	You only get one chance to make a first impression, and this restaurant/bakery, being at the front of the 7th St. Public Market, does a fine job of impressing.  With a focus on using local ingredients, including produce and spices from other market purveyors, Local Loaf crafts a number of fantastic sandwiches and pastries for both breakfast and lunch.  With a recently expanded breakfast menu, you can order just about anything you like, from fresh fried eggs to sinfully fluffy biscuits topped with local honey.  Count me as a particular fan of their seasonal scones, including peach and chocolate/raspberry, as of late.  Combined with a cup of artisan coffee just a few steps away, that's a proper way to get your morning started.  Not that the heartier sandwiches play second fiddle here.  The proof of quality here is in the details.  For example, the common chicken and egg biscuit is elevated to the next level with a sweet and spicy glaze sauce and micro greens to add a bit of freshness to the final product.  And while I am no fan of buffets, in general, I have tried the Sunday brunch buffet here and the attention to quality is just as apparent and made for quite a satisfying meal.Ordering is easy at the counter and all entrees are delivered wherever you most like to sit at the market, even at the coffee bar across the way.  Just take your number with you and the staff brings your order to you, on a nice butcher block that feels just as artisan as the craft fare that sits atop it.Do check out the breads all baked in house too.  The baguette is phenomenal and there are several specialty breads that change with the days and the seasons, so feel free to ask the staff what's fresh.  Local Loaf is a welcome addition to the market and it's great to see independent businesses with such a showcase to show off their talents.  These guys have easily earned their spot up front.
5	Local Loaf. You serve me delicious sandwiches on beautiful wooden boards.You let me order breakfast sandwiches all day! And your savory, lunch choices always delight. Your Reuben sandwich makes my list of top 3 best Reubens I've ever had. Your "Not Just" BLT pairs two of my favorites 7th street vendors, you and Not Just Coffee, between two pieces of freshly baked rustic ciabatta. Your switch of Not Just Coffee cured pork belly for bacon must have been divinely inspired. Every baked goodie I've had from you has been tasty. I especially love your raspberry chocolate chip scone.Yes, you'll set me back $8-$10 per sandwich, but I declare that you are worth every penny!I can't wait to visit you for brunch on Sunday.
3	I was in the market today for lunch.  I decided to try Local Loaf and have to say, the jury's out for me.I went for the Steak Sandwich, it was very good.  For what it was I felt it was overpriced.  Marinated skirt steak, horseradish aioli, microgreens, and some kind of onions on a baguette.  The bread was good and freshly baked and it was a good sandwich but again there wasn't much to it.  I am understanding of the fact that they use good quality ingredients but for $10 I expected a bit more.  It was served with either chips or cucumber salad.  I must say that I loved the cucumber salad....tons of oregano (one of my favorite spices) and cucumbers and onions in a mildly sweet vinegar.My wife had the veggie sandwich which was served on jalapeno foccacia.  The bread was way overbaked and the crust of the bread was burnt.  It should not have been served.  She went to the counter to ask for different bread and one of the ladies commenced to argue with my wife for about 5 minutes about how the bread was slightly overbaked and some BS about eggwash caramelizing on the top causing a darkening effect.  This is a prime example of just because you have a chefs coat on, doesn't mean you know what the heck you're talking about.  She wound up getting a new piece of bread but it would have been better if she got it without an argument from the staff. I like the market as a whole and this experience was just ok, IMO.  I wasn't taken aback by what I had at Local Loaf, but do appreciate and like the concept but for what they charge they should know that they have to step us the customer service and make sure everything their serving is top notch.
4	Great customer service--some of the best.I'd pass on the Cuban, not the greatest... to be fair, I'm not a huge fan in the first place.  Cucumber salad wasn't what I expected... too much vinegar, and literally just cucumber--dress it up some with tomatoes, onions,etc. please!dmo out.
5	My new favorite sandwich spot , the veggie sandwich was awesome and the muffins  delicious as well especially the blueberry ones, The people who work there are also very friendly.
3	This is one of the only bakeries near uptown that offered a savory bread loaf, so I gave Local Loaf a try. Pecorino Rosemary sounded perfect, but it was a bit disappointing. This bread did not taste that great straight out of the bag. However, once I doctored it up, it was very nice. After brushing with roasted garlic olive oil, oven toasting and sprinkling with salt and pepper, it made a great base for bruschetta and artisan cheeses. However, I would not spend $6-$7 again for a loaf of bread that needs this much work. Based on other yelp reviews, I will be back at least one more time to try their lunch sandwiches.
5	They're still my favorite sandwhich spot. I've been trying all of their sandwiches lately  and  the veggie is still my favorite but the local loaf burger and local dip are  close seconds, their artisan bread is also very fresh and savoury I think I buy a loaf of their 9 grain bread weekly it goes well with everything,  for breakfast their omelette is pretty good and chicken and the egg is delicious its A LOT of food. The service is great and  the staff is friendly we always have great conversations whenever I stop by.
5	Excellent customer serviceOnce again Local loaf is one of my favorites,  I went in yesterday for the "chicken and the egg" and they were out of biscuits so I waited for them to make a new batch,  they were so friendly with complimentary drinks and the owner even came out and apologized about the situation and offered me a coupon,  the chicken & the egg was delicious and well worth the wait!
5	The Ham and Brie is EVERYTHING. My friends think they have the best burger in town. It is AMAZING!
5	Great food. Loved the pancakes and my husband had a great sandwich with the house chips.  Probably going to go back again tomorrow.
5	This place is delicious! I like to get the Local Dip sandwich with a cup of soup. The sandwich is amazing! The meat is tender and full of flavor and the bread is freshly baked. The soup is different each time I've been, but I've always liked what was served. I do have to say one thing about their soups - no matter what kind it is, you can bet it will be spicy! I'm not weak when it comes to my spice tolerance, but 2 out of the 4 soups I've tried have caused me to tear up. The other two just caused me to need an extra napkin for my nose. The soups are definitely spicy, but I still eat every bite.
4	Absolutely delightful. I had the Monte Cristo with the cucumber salad an my husband had the Steak and Egg on baguette with the soup of the day. Both were delicious. Service was excellent with a great recommendation from the staff because we were having a difficult time choosing. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because my husband felt they could've put more horseradish dressing on his sandwich. Otherwise it was a wonderful brunch.
4	I finally came to 7th Street for lunch and managed to tear myself away from Pure Pizza to order food from another vendor.  I got a Local Dip sandwich with a side of chicken noodle soup and it was nice to have the option of soup as a side on a chilly day.First off, any of their sandwiches will get a big head start because of the quality of the bread they are served on.  The Dip was on a baguette which was a perfect blend of crispy and chewy and was toasted in some garlic butter.  The meat on the sandwich is pot roast braised in a red wine sauce.  Caramelized onions are added and some local cheese is melted on top.  The sandwich is served with some yummy jus for dipping.  The only downer on this visit was that the very first bite was a big hunk of fat which had me deconstruct the sandwich to eat with some more inspection involved.  That was the only sandwich misstep however as the flavors were very good and hearty.The side of soup was OK but not outstanding as it tended to have an onion flavor that overwhelmed the chicken.  It did take the chill off the day though so I gobbled it up!After ordering at the counter and being given a number, the food came out quickly which is a real plus during lunch.
4	Yesterday we finally made it down to the famed 7th Street Market. My boyfriend and I were on the hunt for delicious coffee, grub and homemade soap.     We decided to eat at Local Loaf for breakfast. We both ended up ordering the Chicken and the Egg sandwhich. Let me start of by saying that I did like it, despite the difficulty in eating it.  The biscuit that served as the base for the meal was good not great. A little crumbly when trying to carry the weight of all the filling and fell apart more than once. The breaded chicken tenders were quite astounding and way more flavorful than expected. I like the Cheerwine glaze/sauce but felt that it overpowered the other flavors. Unless you ate the chicken on its own, you couldn't discern it from the sauce. I also would have preferred something other than sprouts but I also couldn't even taste them.     For future reference, might I recommend NOT attempting to eat this as a sandwich but more open-faced style.   I will be back to sample more tasty meals here in future.
5	I love this place! I make a stop to the 7th street public market at least once a week and local loaf is my go to spot! The food is amazing and staff is great. They've recently been carrying more pastries and there homemade croissants are to die for! The sandwiches are all so delicious and so unique! The turkey in the rye is my favorite right now, or the hot steak! I just can't chose!! The sandwiches are so well crafted with tons of amazing favors. No offense, but these masterpieces are not for the simple pallet. Try everything that comes on them! They were made that way for a reason, trust me!
5	I love this place.  The passion the owner & his staff have is passed along in the quality of the food.  Locally sourced and locally made.  Yum!
5	Steak, egg & cheese breakfast sandwich... delicious!  The bread was the perfect mix of hard outside and soft inside.  The steak was tender, hot and flavorful.  I wish we would have been able to go back the following day to try the chicken breakfast sandwich!  Everything looked amazing!  The staff was super friendly, and the food came out very quickly.  I will be going back next time I'm in charlotte!
5	The chicken and biscuits were awesome!!! The sauce on them was perfect. We loved eating here!
5	The bread is a fantastic start. Then add fancy chicken or meat. Fun garnishes.  Good sides. Wowzer. I like the cucumber salad. A nice tartness. The home made chips are bland...but way over compensated for by the general awesomeness of this place. Can you deliver? How about a standing order for a biscuit in the morning???
4	We stopped in the market to get some coffee and while we were here decided to get some breakfast as well. I had seen several people trying the pancakes and decided to get some too, they had a variety of flavors which was great. I had the blueberry and my husband had the banana. They said they had a bit of a wait for them but it turned out even longer than predicted. It turned out ok though because they were delicious and it was so great seeing them make the batter fresh. One of my friends that eats meat had the steak and egg baguette and said it was delicious, she got it with the homemade chips which I tried and they were amazing. They are much thicker than most that places make and were smothered in salt and pepper. I can't wait to try some of their other items!
1	Awful service. We ordered brunch for 3 and waited for over 50 minutes before canceling. When we asked about our food, the cook yelled at us and told us to go to IHOP. I'll never go back.
2	Just went out of our way to visit Local Loaf. Went to Polka Dot bakery first, and to LL for lunch.We ordered a Reuben to split. What a disappointment!  $9 for what? A VERY small  (size of plain loaf bread) sandwich that had practically no meat. The little bit of corned beef was chopped, like it was for hash. There wasn't even the equivalent of  of 2 regular slices of meat. Sandy said it looked like what you get from a can.   There were gobs of the dressing which tasted like mustard, some cheese and a little kraut. The bread was ok, but I wouldn't pay $9 for 2 small slices of bread. Again, very disappointed! Probably won't be back! And, no, I don't work for the competition.I will say, it was one of the only places with no line.
4	This place is located a market full of stores which I love. I have been here 2-3 times and had a few of the breakfast sandwiches.  First thing I must say is everything I had was good they use only top end ingredients in their food.  My bacon egg & cheese on whole wheat tastes so fresh and was pretty big too.  It filled me up my sister had one the 4 speciality sandwhiches they make and I had a bite and it was great.  I cant wait to go back try some more items off the menu.  I also could see the bread they were making and can I just say the smell filled the room and made me even hungrier!
2	Just went out of our way to visit Local Loaf. Went to Polka Dot bakery first, and to LL for lunch.We ordered a Reuben to split. What a disappointment!  $9 for what? A VERY small  (size of plain loaf bread) sandwich that had practically no meat. The little bit of corned beef was chopped, like it was for hash. There wasn't even the equivalent of  of 2 regular slices of meat. Sandy said it looked like what you get from a can.   There were gobs of the dressing which tasted like mustard, some cheese and a little kraut. The bread was ok, but I wouldn't pay $9 for 2 small slices of bread. Again, very disappointed! Probably won't be back! And, no, I don't work for the competition.I will say, it was one of the only places with no line.
4	We ate here on Sunday morning around 10 am. The hubster and I each got a Palli  (vegetarian) sandwich: cooked spinach, sweet grilled red bell peppers, olive oil, and a thick slice of melty mozzarella on freshly made focaccia. We got a side of house-made chips. After paying and receiving our table marker, we went over to Not Just Coffee for their "to die for" lattes w/almond milk. The sandwiches were brought to us about four minutes after we started sipping our lattes.Everything was delicious! The sandwiches were simple, tasty, and though vegetarian were quite hearty. The bread was fresh; soft and flavorful in the middle with a perfect crisp crust. We both enjoyed the chips too. Yes, there were a couple that were dark and bitter but the majority were a delicious compliment to our sandwiches: very lightly salted so you can actually taste potato. I think the sandwich could be even better with a couple thick slices of grilled portobello mushrooms brushed with a little BBQ sauce.A perfect dessert afterwards was chocolates from barChocolate...(^.^)
5	Really impressive show of talent and culinary sensibility from chef and baker Adam Spears. Handmade croissants, brioche, bread and biscuits are delicious and the flavor pairings creatively excellent. Pickled blackberries and scallops, yes please! Grits croutons, crisp fried anchovy and aged cheese pair with fresh romaine and house dressing in a well balanced act of culinary genius. This is a must-try foodie spot with a high level of creativity and execution at ridiculously affordable prices. I envy locals who can eat here regularly.
5	Perfect breakfast, brunch, or lunch. I had the monte cristo which was just the right amount of sweet and a great blend of flavors. My husband had the chicken and the egg and it too was delicious. Both the chips and cucumber salad are solid sides. We will be back. Highly recommend.
5	Spinach and feta croissant for breakfast! YUM! I love how they serve the croissant on a wooden cutting board with it's name, Local Loaf, burned into the wood! I had a pour over coffee from Not Just Coffee and watched the market come alive!
5	I spend most of my days daydreaming about the hot steak sandwich. I've only tried that one sandwich at this shop, but if the other sandwiches are as delicious, tender and mouthwatering as the one I had, then this is probably the best sandwich shop in the city. Definitely recommend it!
3	I used a Groupon for this restaurant.  I did not know what to expect.  I loved the Hot Steak sandwich.  However, I did not care for the chicken/egg combination.  Not a fan of the house chips.  I will go back but next time I will try something else.
4	We've been here a couple times while at Not Just Coffee in the market and we've been happy every time.  The first time, we had blueberry and banana pancakes which were amazing although they did take a little more time to come out than you'd expect.  Well worth the wait.  The second time we ordered an omelet with tomatoes and green peppers and a side of parmesan and black pepper grits.  Oh man, those grits!  Creamy, salty, satisfying.  They use a lot of local ingredients from Greeneman Farms which is also located in 7th Street Public Market (an awesome place to be).  We'll definitely be back!
5	The Bottom Line:- Point to something on the menu.- Order it (you can't go wrong)- Enjoy the old standards with a very special twist.- Repeat....I am just so impressed with all of that I have had from the Local Loaf. There are little touches of detail and skill that elevate every dish. So, so decadently good!
5	I stumbled into the 7th street market after my flight from DC super hungry. I ordered the chef veggie sandwich based off my craving for the honey chipotle hummus spread listed as part of the sandwich on the menu. I picked the cucumber salad as my side. What a winning combo!! Not only were the veggies and bread super fresh, but the hummus did not disappoint. The cucumber salad was a great combo of vinegar and dill, which I could have slurped up in its entirety if I wasn't in a public setting. So good!!! I'm glad Jerris (spelling?) took my order even though they looked like they were closing shop. Not only was the food delicious, but the customer service set the standard for southern hospitality. I want to come back and taste the ham & brie sandwich, which was my second choice off the menu. A++++
3	My experiences here average out to about 3 stars..5 stars for the times when they serve up the most delicious pancakes (banana-walnut and chocolate being my favorites) and... 0 stars for when they mess up orders, serve burnt pancakes, deny that they are burnt, and for the times when you have to wait in line for over 20 minutes just to place your order (which is most of the Time) but once your order is in, the food comes out pretty quickly, it's plated beautifully on their wooden board and more often than not, it tastes pretty good too. They bake fresh bread daily, and it's really cool to be able to see the bakers working right there, but there have been occasions when the sandwiches have been made with really hard / chewy bread. They need more people at the register taking orders, to speed up the order taking & payment process. I couldn't guarantee you would have a splendid experience if you ate here; it's hit or miss. Perhaps with time the food quality will get consistent and the service will get better.
4	Three Egg Omelet was extremely tasty. Loved the cheese and veggies. There was actually so much that I almost wish it was a four egg omelet!The toast was freshly baked of course, and delish! I thought the employees were very friendly, and I loved the presentation of the food on the flat board. All around win!
1	Completely disappointed with this establishment as a retail bakery.  After 5+ trips and having no baguettes sold retail, stick to wholesale then and don't tease us with loaves on display that you won't sell. Plus calling your baguettes as "baguettes" is an atrocity. Might as well call 'em bread sticks. If I enter the 7th street public market again, I'll add a picture.
4	Food is good, they are creative and are also risk takers.....sometimes it pays off really well but let's not walk out without a net
5	The food here was very good. I had the chicken and the egg and it was amazing. Definitely not your average chix biscuit. The cucumber salad went very well with this dish. There are plenty of menu items and baked goods to try from and the staff is extremely helpful when ordering. Great hospitality. Will definitely return soon.
4	There are multiple options here for a foodie. The entrees I've tried on two separate occasions are the pancakes (unique & delicious) and the omelets (solid, safe choice). I highly recommend dining here when you visit the market.
1	I spend many of my days at 7th. St. Market. It's definitely one of my favorite spots in Charlotte. So, it's unfortunate how consistently terrible Local Loaf is. Adam and his staff are always unfriendly and inattentive. This morning I decided to give them another go after many bad experiences with cold "biscuits" that look like dinner rolls and long waits and again they served a cold biscuit after a 10 minute wait and others being served ahead of me. I think they have potential but they do not care about their customers. For all my bad experiences I have never been apologized to or asked if I wanted my money back. I have given them so many chances and today is the last straw. Don't go here. Bring your own breakfast to the market during the week or eat Cookie Cult cookies from NJC.
4	The food is fabulous!! Service is slow, but they gave me a complimentary baked good for my patience.I will return, but not when I am in a rush!
2	So 2 stars is a little on the generous side. I was so surprised at the quality and taste of the food after reading the reviews. I feel like yelp let me down this time. I got the chicken and the egg biscuit and the biscuit might as well have been a hockey puck. You're in the south and that's like the one thing that should have been right!! No light flaky fluffy biscuit from a bread company?!?? The chicken was okay but nothing great and the cackalacky cheerwine sauce (sp?) was spicy (a good thing) but sooo overly salty and then sickeningly sweet on top of that. Just did not like it at all. My boyfriend got an omelette and well it was ridiculously over cooked. When it arrived it was brown... Basically I'll probably never eat here again.
3	the staffs were friendly,I ordered the french toast, it arrived approximately less than 10 minutes. ok maybe its because I'm not a fan of cinnamon,my $9 french toast was not the best. i still ate it all but will not order it again.sorry,cinnamon flavor was too strong for my liking, I will try their sandwiches next time though.
4	I really like local loaf, their bread is delicious and there sandwiches are great. I love the atmosphere of the public market so I will certainly be back! The people that work here are cool too.
5	Food:  (5/5)  -  Local Loaf, obviously, bakes all kinds of fresh bread every day.  They better when they have the word "loaf" in their name, haha.  Sometimes, I don't even go there to order lunch.  I just get a few baguettes to-go and call it a day.  Other than the bread (which really is the backbone of every sandwich), they do a phenomenal job of creating fresh and unique sandwiches.  The Steak Sandwich is the one that really stands out for me.  Nice succulent cuts of beef, some sprouts, and perfect amount of homemade horseradish spread.  D...licious!  Oh yeah, homemade chips or cucumber salad with every sandwich, too!  They really do an excellent job of not over extending themselves and trying to create a crazy complex menu.  Sweet and simple - maybe ten things on there (bfast & lunch).Atmosphere: (5/5) - It is located in the 7th Street Public Market in the corner nearest to the 7th street entrance.  This is a great location for socializing and a little shopping (see my 7th Street 5-star review).  Overall, you can't go wrong and everything on the menu is repeatable.  Enjoy!!-Ian M.
3	The thing that sets this place apart from another sandwich shop is that they bake their own bread.  The burger I had was also really light for being meaty and bacon-y, thanks to all the greens and light fluffy bread. But despite the localness of it all, my burger wasn't my most memorable sandwich. However, that doesn't mean you shouldn't check this place out.  The environment is chill and sitting outside is definitely a plus.  The staff was really attentive and super quick to bring out our food. I wouldn't say local loaf is the most amazing, mind blowing place to get food, but it's definitely not at the bottom of the list either.  It's a great place for a light lunch with an environment that is easy to relax with friends or catch up on some work.
4	First off, did you know that most of the 7th St. Market is open on the weekends for brunch on Saturday?We had the most delicious experience here. You could even score one meal from Local Loaf and another from the Crepe place about ten steps away to split.We tried the Chicken and the Egg, Biscuits and Gravy and a make your own omelet. We sat at tables in the center of the market and waited maybe ten minutes for the food to come out. You could grab something from Not Just Coffee while waiting on shop the market.I haven't always liked biscuits and gravy but I must say the ones here were enough to convert anyone. They do their bread right at Local Loaf and the sausage gravy could convert vegetarians. Big fan of the Chicken and Egg- I had them pick for me and I was pleased with this. Not too big not too small, perfectly executed egg, Cheerwine sauce giving it a sweet/savory thing with the fried chicken. Comes with a small side of cucumber salad or house made chips. if you want something remarkable for brunch (or any other meal but I feel like the wait may be longer then) check out Local Loaf.Their food is local (does that go without saying?) and you won't fight the crowds for brunch.
3	Three stars on price. Four stars for the food. FIVE STARS for the Chicken and the Egg breakfast!! Everything was perfectly prepared. Atmosphere was that of the European market.
4	I went with my wife and two year old and the service was quick and friendly! I wold recommend this place to anyone who loves breakfast items as much a we do. Best pancakes!.
5	Everything here is amazing. We come for breakfast once a week. The chicken and the egg is outstanding, and their omelets are the best!
5	I arrived on Sunday 20 minutes after closing time, and despite everything they were still selling cookies in industrial quantities! I took the only varieties remained, the "Double Chocolate": really delicious although it may stuffare given the excessive sweetness! Great for a hearty breakfast!
4	Delicious! Perfect spot for a laid back brunch with the convenience of multiple options for everyone within the market. I had the steak and eggs, after being undecided on what to get. Did not disappoint. The staff is very welcoming and friendly as well. Highly recommended.
4	Absolutely love their food. The Local Loaf burger is one of my favorites in CLT; the freshly made brioche bun is hard to beat.
5	Delicious food! I got the "chicken and the egg" and my girlfriend got an omelette. Absolutely amazing food, and it came out fast. The guy who helped us was great. Very kind, talked us through all of our questions (it was our first time at the market), and checked up on us during our meal. Would love to go back. Best breakfast I've had in Charlotte so far.
