5	This was an amazing meal all around.  It also brought us to one of our firsts in dining experiences.  This was the first time we had to bring home an appetizer!  We ordered the charcuterie platter for the 2 of us.  That platter is really meant for at least 4!  It was fantastic, however next time we would stick to the duck rillettes, duck terrine and fois gras terrine as they were our favorites.  Thats not to say that the others werent great as well including the pork cretons.  They also brought housemade pickled pickles, yummy.  We also had the cold tomato soup which was so simple yet really well executed with delicious tomatoes.  The french baguette was also great, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  For dinner we had the steak frites and tuna tartare (special).  Both were delicious, we could not get enough of the tartare!  We were beyond stuffed at the end of this meal and had some charcuterie for the next day!
4	Cute lil restaurant on the plaza des arts. Lots of windows so you feel like you're sitting on a patio, except it's warm. We waited about 30 min for a table for 2 what we thought was the end of the lunch hour rush around 1:15, and indeed it was because after we were seated, there was no more line. The food was worth the wait. My vegetarian partner got the mushrooms-cheese-eggs appetizer so the perfect amount of food for lunch and more mushrooms than cheese so not too heavy. I had the duck roulletes with a side salad. It was like a light pate, so good with the crusty bread. The salad was a bowl of fresh greens with an oil and vinegar dressing. We finished with a slice of their carrot cake which was perfectly moist, not too sweet, and drizzled with honey. The decor is modern. Lots of floor to ceiling windows making for great people-watching along Rue Jean-Marques. There are benches across the street so we observed a couple making out while a stranger openly stared in disapproval. Clientele at lunch mostly business people. Service was good. Bathrooms very clean with 2 private stalls in the rear of the building and then a sink out in the open. Accepts credit cards. Lunch reservations recommended!
5	Actually came upon this place trying to find somewhere I could meet the feeble alotment for my company meal travel policy.  Found the menu online and decided this was definitely better than any number of nearby restaurants price-wise.  While I could have met the meager limit set by my company, I quickly decided to go beyond for my own enjoyment after perusing the menu once seated.I had a glass of Reisling with the pan-seared foie gras and then a Valpolicella with flank steak, and everything was truly superb.  The wines were excellent, the foie gras was an excellent decadent treat with a side dab of what I believe was pureed squash to balance out the fatty goodness of dearly departed Donald, and the flank steak had a butter/dill/sage (I think?) topping that really balanced that out nicely as well.The servers are all very polite and helpful, a decided bonus for the english-speaking Anglophile in French-Quebec.  All told, I walked out of there at about $55, which is really a bargain when you take a look at the price list at comparable places.  I will now be hitting the gym, sauna, and possibly examining bulemia after this indulgence, but I would definitely go back once my cholesterol drops back below 400lb man levels.
2	Two drinks, a mediocre goat cheese salad and the bill with tip was 40+ bucks. The goat cheese salad required assembly, and literally took 20 minutes to come out. It is an interesting space, but won't be returning.
1	Very disappointing! The service was really mediocre. The meat was undercooked (we asked for medium rare). Had a pannocota for dessert which was really average too. This place is definitely overrated! If you're looking for a great French-like brasserie go to Holder on McGill st. The Brasserie T doesn't hold a candle on Holder!
3	Chef Nomand Laprise's take on typical brasserie fares comes with high expectations but fails to live up to its executive chef's level of excellence. Not that I had a terrible experience but I just feel like there are dozens of better brasseries in Montreal, notably in the plateau.Its location in the Quartier des Spectacles is perfect for people watching on a hot sunny day. I had the meal of the day: sauteed sweetbread accompanied with a asparagus and herb salad. Delicious and well executed except that it was the size of a large entree. My girlfriend had the beef tartare with fries. The beef was not the best I've ever had. Its color was a pale red and its taste was covered with a lot of spices. The fries were however delicious, more on the crunchy side. We had the profiterole and the pannacotta, both satisfying but not memorable.In all, I am somewhat happy with my meal but would not go back. I'll leave this brasserie to the tourists and head to my favorite haunt on St-Denis! :)
4	The Gaspacho was so refreshing made the rest of the lunch worth while. Great for a summer lunch.
3	When: Friday night dinner, 9:00Crowd:  BUSY. But bar does not get too overcroweded. Which is good because its a small bar.Restaurant setting: Sleek, modern feel. Narrow restaurant with a small bar in the front.  Great outdoor seating. Really, not built for large groups as most tables are 2 or 4 tops.  We had a group of 8, and where placed in the very front window, just near the front door and before the bar. Not a highly desirable location.Menu: Some very intriguing items on the menu.  Range from pates, fish, and beef.  The chef recommended the special ribeye for 2 or 3. It was pricey at $75, however if split among 3 its reasonable and MUCH more delicious than the basic flank steak on the menu.  The 1 kilo of ribeye, came with some mixed green (salad) two cups of frites, and a very good bernaise.  It was AWESOME! Also, not to be forgotten was the vegetable of the day. Corn on the Cob from Quebec. May be the best corn on the cob I've ever had.Enjoyed - The Ribeye for Two (or three) and the Corn Especially!  Others at the table had the Steak Frites (Flank Steak) and enjoyed it, just not as much as the Ribeye.  Other:  On the downside, service was very slow. It took almost 30 minutes to get our cocktails after we ordered them, and a very long time for the final bill.  Also, dang it was HOT in that restaurant. Waiter was very nice, however.Nutshell:  Very good restaurant. Pricey though. Might suggest a week night and outdoor seating over a busy weekend.
3	Hungry and exhausted from a day of touring the city, my boyfriend and I stumbled from the nearest Bixi station into this New York Times-recommended French bistro. We had a 10:00pm reservation (the earliest slot available on Opentable that summer Saturday) and were eternally grateful when they could seat us at 9:30pm. To our surprise, the restaurant was far from packed, although outdoor seating was mostly taken.The food was really good. We didn't order any entrees; Instead, we got the charcuteries platter (good to share between two people), which included duck rillettes (divine with caramelized onion), foie gras terrine, cured ham, and pork saucisson. Some of the charcuteries were only ok, but some were amazing too... The foie gras rivaled the pate at NYC's Bar Boulud. Additionally, we ordered two corns on the cob (light, simple, delicious with butter and salt/pepper) and a side of fries (very tasty). Our meal ended up being approx $70 with a glass of beer.As far as French bistro cuisine goes, Brasserie T definietely succeeded in the charcuterie. However, there are little things about the ambiance and service that threw our experience off.- First, we were seated at a table with no tabletop candle or overhead light. It was so dim that we couldn't read our menus. We requested a table change and got moved to a window table that had a harsh overhead white light (compared to the soft yellow lighting other tables got). Slightly annoyed but too embarrassed to request another table change, we stayed put. But it elicited grumbles from my boyfriend.- Second, it took foreeeeeever to flag our server down for the check. It was as if she forgot about us after our orders were put in.Based on the hype (from the Toque connection and NYT review) and menu prices, I had certain expectation about the restaurant as an overall experience. Brasserie T tried to meet those expectations, but it fell just short. Certainly not bad but certainly not amazing.
4	Consistently delicious yet simple food coupled with exceptional service.The bavette is exquisite, so are the accompanying frites...The tarte aux bleuts while delicious, is tiny and not worth $ 8.00Espresso, also delicious but I'll admit I hate to be set back $ 4 for a tiny cup of espresso even though it is Nespresso (you can almost buy a sleeve of ten capsules for that price).A word of warning though...on these beautiful Montreal summer nights, you are much better off sitting on their terrace than inside...it gets incredibly loud in that tiny space of theirs and you might not even be able to hear your date no matter if you have bionic hearing or how clean your ears are...the loudness of the dining room is the only fault I find in Brasserie T!
3	The decor and service get five stars, but the food was not at the same level. It was very good, but not mind-blowingly good. As I was eating my dish, I was regretting that I had not chosen a more inspired restaurant; the architect and designer were better than the chef.
4	I came to this place with my wife on a thursday night back in July. I liked the place, the food and the service. One of the most difficult things to find in this continent is a good beef tartar and this one I did enjoy! My wife was also pleased and we had a really good time.
4	I've never been to Toque!, because I'm not so much for meat, foie gras or other parts of animals. But, when my friends decided to head to Brasserie T, and we scanned the Yelp and other reviews and decided it might be OK to check it out. I've eaten at my share of big-name chef restaurants, but often I've been disappointed. (Chuck Hughes a huge exception!) But, I left here wanting recipes to recreate my favorites at home! The mushrooms with egg was the perfect simple dish, well made and yummy. The salmon tartar should have been offered with a loaf of bread, but I stepped up myself and stole the slices of bread. I even had to have dessert based on the excellent reviews. Berry clafoutis was ideal way to end the meal. I'd definitely go back. The atmosphere is super- casual.  Service, for such a small space, could certainly be better.
4	We got into town after a day of driving from Toronto and wanted to eat somewhere not too far from our hotel. On a lovely fall Friday evening there wasn't a wait and we decided to try Brasserie t. We weren't disappointed. The service was top notch and just the right amount of solicitation.  The location was also awesome since the recent spotlight art installation had been installed across the street for Le Parterre in the Quartier des spectacles. We started with the pan seared fois gras and wow - having both never had it before it was divine! My boyfriend had the Coquille St. Jacques which was a tasty seafood dish sitting in a small pile of mashed potatoes and baked in a shell - the shell was sitting on salt which was neat. I had the Pork ribs which were very tasty. All in all a great meal in a great town.
5	We had a wonderful experience at this trendy yet affordable French Brasserie. The dishes are inventive, delicious, and the service is attentive and very knowledgeable. Presentation is arty and elegant. The ambiance is modern and quite unique. Make a reservation in advance. Looking forward to another memorable meal here, or maybe just for dessert. They clearly understand what being in the hospitality business is all about.
2	I hated the tight squeeze of this place. It's small and annoying. The width of this place is like 8 feet, and the menu is boring. I did not enjoy my experience. It's too small to accommodate groups, or even small parties of 2 people.I would no bother considering this place.
4	Went here based on advice from Anthony bourdain. It was a perfect spot for what my boyfriend and I were looking for; a quick quiet casual and tasty meal. The sparkling red wine was delicious. The building itself kind of reminds me of a subway station haha...Enjoy!
5	Where to start with Brasserie T? First of all, the place is modern in style but still warm and welcoming thanks to the wood implemented to the decor. You've probably heard it is small and it is true! But to me, that's one of the positive aspect of the place as you are garantied to be plunged in a great ambiance every time you visit.Also, the staff is great! They are available but not annoying, they know what they're doing and are altogether responsible for how great the place is!As for the food, the menu offers traditional french bistro dishes but what you get in your plate has that special Normand Laprise/Charles-Antoine Crete twist to it that makes it stand out!My meal went as following:Creme montee aux oeufs de Hareng:The perfect way to start a meal! A light Creme Fraiche perfectly flavored with hareng eggs. Not too salty and refreshing, especially with a bit of lemon juice sprinkled over it.Gratin de chevre et pomme-de-terre:What a great dish! Tasty and fresh Goat cheese served on a moisty potato and leek biscuit topped with an homemade raspberry and beets vinegar that I am still trying to reproduce at home. This starter by itself is a reason to comeback!Saumon a l'aneth:The Brasserie T!'s superstar! A fresh sous-vides slow cooked salmon of perfect texture! You can tell by the subtle taste that it was marinated overnight in a oil and maple concoction that makes it melt in your mouth. It comes with a crunchy fenil salad that leaves you asking for more.The portion are great and the prices are a deal for such quality food (around 100$ for 2 with starters, meals and a glass of wine)! Also, don't forget to try one of their  ''cocktail-of-the-hour''! All made of fresh ingredients and generously portioned, they are guaranteed to add to the "buzz" you'll experience at Brasserie T!Cheers,
4	i want to set up at a table and gnosh all day and sample all the wines while watching the world go by.walk in here expecting too much and you'll be disappointed. have a seat, enjoy the cozy atmosphere and pleasant service of the attentive but way-in-the-background staff and you and your party will enjoy yourselves.if you want more, get a reservation at toque.
4	Lovely place lovely placed :) I've heard about it on tv and I was kind of skeptical about the place at first. They simply owned me!! lol the food is simply amazing. I took the Montreal Sausage and couldn't stop eating it! It's one of those place where I could take anything on the menu blindly and I would like it.
4	One of the most interesting restaurants that you will visit.  It is an all glass enclosed structure on the side of the Place des arts in downtown Montreal.  You get the sense you are walking to a fancy metro stop and then all of the sudden realize your in an ultra chic resto.  Despite the modern digs, its very comfortable and the waitstaff is actually dressed pretty casual.  The  fries are some of the best I  have had in a while.  Go with the tartare and you will not be dissappointed.
3	Great cocktails, great wine, great service, but ultimately i found the food hit & miss for the price - especially with no clear huge winners among any of the dishes we ordered.  A potato / chevre gratin was overpowered with beet juice & deconstructed in an all-too-cold way (literally cold) - steak frites & salmon tartare was good, but just, well, about that.the best part of the dining experience was just being in the ultra-hip building - just a long glass rectangle.  next time i'd want to come back just for a drink.
5	We stopped by for lunch after finding no decent restaurants while shopping on St. Catherine. So glad we stopped here. You already know it is small from the other reviews, but it truly isn't as small as others mentioned. Perhaps because we dined on the patio which offered great people watching. I had the shrimp roll which was delicious and a perfect lunch. My husband had the flank steak which was also tasty. Loved the salsa verde on it.  Again, perfect for lunch. Both were served with fries which were yummy. All in all, a delicious lunch.
2	Seriously? $20 for a small lunch dish? There's nothing really spectacular here other than the restaurant space itself and the fact that it's built on a friggin' sidewalk. That, and the waitresses are cute.
4	Came here for dinner tonight with friends. One of my friends was a smart cookie and called ahead to make a reservation for 10PM but as it turns out, we showed up earlier and got in at around half past eight! We skipped the long line and were seated quickly. I can say that we would have not gotten in without that reservation..kudos to my friend. The place is expensive but we were all ready to splurge. Myself and a friend had the sea snails in garlic as an appetizer. They were scrumptious as I always find snails to be. I never have French food without them! As my entree, I had the buttered steak with frites (fries). It was tender and juicy and I could have eaten more of it! The fries were crispy and tasty as well. Service was very attentive and pleasant even though our French was not good! Dessert was a peach sorbet for me and it tasted a little bit like peach tea ice cream..not what I was expecting but still good, I suppose. The place is pricey but I would recommend it and come back! Sitting outside in the summer is also very nice!
4	Came here for dinner just before seeing Aziz Ansari at Metropolis. Made reservations for 7:30pm. Great setting just next to Place des Arts as the JFL Festival was going on outside. Waitress was very helpful and service was great. The food was excellent as well. Had the snails, oysters, and ribs. All were excellent. Will come back and try more things in the future. A must try although may be touristy for some.
4	My friends and I enjoyed every course of our meals.  Starting with the waite staff and ending with desert,  every part of this experience was delicious.  The non-alcoholic cocktail that included thyme, lime, strawberries and purple basil, it was absolutely delish.  The guaspacho thrilled my tongue, and the butternut squash ice cream was great.  We will definitely make a reoeat visit
4	I've been a fan of Brasserie T since they first opened a few years ago and was quite surprised to see that I had never actually reviewed them! My first visit here was during a friends convocation and they had just opened, amid the rampant destruction/construction of what is now a pretty awesome spot beside Place des Arts. The restaurant is quite sleek, rising out of the sidewalk like a flower between cracks of cement. The glass front allows for excellent people watching, and windows line up all the way to the back of the restaurant as well. Last year, they were actually able to have a terrace, which would be excellent, except the terrace is usually packed with smokers. Yuck!Since I have probably eaten everything that has ever been on their menu, I'll just highlight some of my favorite constants:- Gratin de chevre- Rilettes de canard- Beef tartareOkay, I confess, I mostly get the apps here, they are so good, great for sharing and with a bottle of wine (they have a nice, reasonably priced private imports list) is quite filling.
3	Located right outside the place des art metro station in these modern like boxes. They also have outdoor seating to enjoy the weather and the water fountains. For the foreigners, Place des arts is like the Lincoln center of Montreal. As for the food, the highlights of the night was the whipped cream and herring eggs as well as their frites. This place serves some of the best fries I've had. The fries were perfectly crispy and perfectly sized, not too thick or thin. The potato au gratin was a bit non- traditional but still decent.  Overall food is good, but probably wouldn't recommend any out of towners to go out of their way for this place.
3	Nice spot an patio. The lunch salmon with fill is very different and very good. The "house" chard is lacking a bit with a very short finish but otherwise a good spot. Glad I stopped.
3	The prices were a little high and the flank steak was unimpressive.  Interesting location with nice views of the park.  We had a reservation and got seated right away and had good service all night.
4	Like this place for a casual lunch.  Normally take the steak tartare or the salmon tartare.  The accompanying fries are usually good, but on a couple of occasions the fries weren't as good.  Think they needed to change the oil....
1	Disgusting ....Dirty ...Never again.
4	I have been past this place before on previous visits to Montreal I had no idea that this was a full restaurant until it was recommended by a friend.  Wanting a decent meal for my last supper in la belle province, we made reservations for two.  Although the restaurant looks tiny from the outside, while seated it didn't feel claustrophobic.  I scanned the wine menu and decided on a decent Italian red at $45 which I felt was reasonable.We decided to skip right to the mains.  This turned out to be a bit of a mistake.  Although the wine came very quickly, it seemed to take an eternity to place our food orders.  When the server finally came by, my mom had to request some bread to balance out the wine. For the record, the other servers seemed to be incredibly attentive; I just think we didn't luck out because ours, although very polite, was elusive.I had the flank steak served with frites.  It was pretty good though I have had better.  I did not like the flavour of the herb butter that was on top of it.  My mom had the salmon and fennel salad which I sampled and thought was very well prepared.  The salmon was so barely cooked that it could have been sashimi!  Tasty!Overall, it was a pleasant meal but I was not particularly wowed.
3	The location is great (being in the centre of Places des Arts), and the decor is great. They have really good cocktails but the food is just below average. Go there for the drinks and the ambience, not for the food.
2	We made a point of making a reservation in hopes of getting a table on the terrasse which we were promised on arrival but the manager decided to keep us at the bar and let walk in couples take the spots outside. Disappointing treatment, ruined our experience. Our server was excellent but the management had poor communication skills. The staff was appropriately apologetic.
4	The food were expansive and we knew we were paying for the view and location. Our waitress knew we couldn't speak French and she got us a "simplified"  English menus. I wish they have a better English menus. We ordered sea snails which were pretty good. Foie gras was very generous and they gave us a lot of bread. The salad was ok. I asked the waitress to explain the foods and she wasn't able to reply in English. So she just explained in French, which we didn't understand. Guess it is our fault.
5	We spent a lot of time researching places to eat on Montreal while on vacation and ate at some great places.  On our last night, we found Brasserie t and just loved it.  The staff was very helpful with food allergies.  More importantly the food was the best we had the hole trip.  If you are going to Montreal, see Michel de Broin's exposition and follow it up with dinner at Brasserie t.
5	Exceptional service. Amazingly creative cuisine artfully presented. Fabulous adventure for our group of 9 Fundraising Conference attendees.
4	Skip the main courses and stick with the seared foie gras. We had it as an entree, raved, and then our main courses were a let down in comparison. Back to the seared foie gras for dessert! The service was a bit reserved. Not rude, but not warm. Still, have I mentioned the seared foie gras is worth the trip?
1	Absolutely horrible.  I took one bite of steak and then proceeded to spend the next 15 minutes chewing it.  Flank steak can be succulent and tender if cooked properly.  After sending it back sans one bite and telling my waiter that I didn't care for it, I was still charged for it.  Class act, Brasserie t!
3	As other people mentioned in their review, the location of Brasserie T is perfectly located right in the middle of the Quartier des spectacles. During summer, the terrace is the best spot to eat if you want to catch a concert or before attending a show at la Place des Arts. The decor is also really nice and the place is usually packed so there is a great ambiance. The staff is always really thoughtful and caring. I was a bit disappointed with the food, I was expecting something more meticulously prepared. The tartare was good but nothing amazing. Try it for the location and the great ambiance.
4	Went here on the suggestion of my cousin that lives in Montreal.  Was unable to get a reservation online, but was able to secure a spot at the bar by stopping in at lunchtime to ask if there were any openings that evening.  Tip: there were many open tables in the restaurant that evening.  Don't rely on the Open Table saying that they're booked as I believe many people had multiple reservations and then make a game time decision.  I had seen the Anthony Bourdin clip where he tried the mushrooms with soft boiled egg, so I knew that I wanted to start my meal with this.  It was divine.  For my main course I chose to get the salmon tartare.  It was wonderful.  I opted for the salad instead of the fries, but wish that I hadn't.  The mixed greens were in very large pieces that made it difficult to eat with any sort of grace.  The dressing was also a bit bland given the bitter taste of the greens.  The fries that I spied on another diner's plate looked delicious.  My husband was less happy with his salmon that had been steamed and is served at room temperature, but the fennel that was served with it was fantastic.
3	I heard about this place but I wasn't looking for it when I was walking around the area.Stopped in for a quick snack of sorts, I was going out to dinner later on with some friends but needed something to hold me over.  What is better for a quick snack than some oysters and a beer? The oysters were pretty fresh but they were pretty pricey, I wish they had some more beer choices to accompany the oysters better.  Otherwise I might stop in again in the future if I am in the area.
4	Our waiter was very helpful with suggestions and service was fast. Try the seared foie gras. It was the best thing we had that night. The salmon tartar was also very good.
4	I like this place a lot. Their snails are extremely good tasting. And their desserts are good too!
3	Bon service. La cuisine est correcte, sans plus
5	Delicious! Excellent location. I had the flank steak and my friend had the salmon with fennel salad. Both dishes were very good. For an appetizer, we enjoyed the chicken liver mousse. I highly recommend it. Service was excellent and the atmosphere is awesome.
3	Is OK, not special, noisy during lunch. Maybe I am too European and expecting better quality / price ratio
4	Had dinner here while staying at the Hyatt Regency nearby.  Nice friendly place, with a lovely little bar.  And they had a really tasty steak frites, cooked perfectly.  A little on the expensive side, but very nice.
3	I will leave it to others to give la Brasserie T more than 3 stars. I is a nice place, modern and elegant, and somewhat affordable. But I think it is overhyped and overpriced; for my own taste at least. I can imagine why many people would love it though. This is the place to go for a 100% safe dinner, if you are willing to pay 10-15$ too much for it. You are 100% sure to have a good service, fancy food well presented and a clean ambience. Maybe for a date, to be sure to feel comfortable, safe. Not for the adventurous. In my opinion, there are many restaurants in Montreal where you can get better food for a cheaper price; in a less sanitized environment.
4	On our first day in Montreal we wandered by Brasserie T! and decided to give it a go. While we didn't have a reservation (it never would have occurred to me to make a reservation for Thursday lunch), we were seated promptly. The service was warm and attentive, and we were well taken care of.The salmon tartare is fantastic, with lots of ingredients to give you that briney, salty, sweet, spicy combo that tickles my tastebuds. Hubs had the steak frites, which were also delicious. I'm still amazed that flank steak used to be such a cheap cut of meat and now is super expensive and popular. We started with the cheese croquettes which, while tasty, I'm not sure were worth their $7 price tag (there were only three!). The patio area is great for people watching, so I'd highly recommend getting your food outside if the weather agrees.While I really enjoyed my experience there, I'm not sure I'd make it a regular habit, as lunch for two (with one drink each) cost us $80 after tip. A little bit spendy for a casual lunch.
3	Small space, teeny ( but delicious) portions, very loud ambience, and A/C that barely worked made for mediocre experience. The service was a spotty at best and frankly just felt that perhaps our table just didn't fit the young, hip demographic they typically serve. So wanted to love  the experience but walked, no actually ran, from the place. Disappointed for sure.
4	3.5 stars food, 4 stars ambiance. This glass walled restaurant makes people watching (or in our case Francofolie Music Festival watching) a blast. The space is pretty loud. The portions are reasonably sized, the food is very comfort style with a facelift. I had the Saucisse Montreal with quinoa and the garlic sea snails. Both were very tasty and simply prepared. The wine menu had enough by the glass that I could find a decent pairing for each dish. The fries that my dining partner had were to die for. On a hot summer night with the concert right out the door we were thrilled. On a winter night with snow it would be truly magical.
1	Very disappointing.  The service was awful: Our waiter didn't even make the effort to check whether or not I could still get the tartare (even though it was 1:55; he said "If it's 2 pm then it's too late."  What kind of attitude is that?) and was unfriendly overall.  The burger was ok, but I was extremely put off by the poor service above and beyond everything else.  Another one of those overpriced, snotty "trendy" places that don't care about their costumers.
1	Wow. Service has NEVER been so atrocious... As someone who works in the industry, I can't believe there is so little quality control over the staff this place hires. No smiles, no warm welcomes, no thank yous... Just everything delivered with attitude or indifference. Our server must have forgotten that paying customers are not there to service the staff & that it's actually the other way around. She had the audacity to stop me on the way back from the bathroom to say, "thank you for your generosity" in response to the tip we left. Sure, the tip was low but we thought it reflected the kind of service we experienced (or lack thereof). We racked up a $160+ bill midday so the fact that we were treated like a nuisance was unbelievable. As I began to explain our reason for the tip, she rudely snipped, "ok, bye." I'm sorry, chef, that she is representing your food & restaurant...we returned to Brasserie T because we enjoyed it immensely the first time. We certainly won't be back.
5	Great location right at the Place de Arts so it was fantastic to get to the comedy festival. Interesting design, kind of like a little glass box. Great views of the street life and the festival. Very friendly and efficient staff. We started with some New Brunswick oysters, the garlic sea snails and the chicken liver pate. All were very, very good. For the main course I had the beef tartare with frites and my wife had the special which was halibut topped with caviar and with deep fried clams on the side. Tried the Griffon white and red beers and both were great. Fantastic dinner on our final night in Montreal. Can't wait to come back.
3	Brasserie T holds 3 stars from me for one reason: Location. Like many others have complained, service is sub-par and oftentimes very cold. No one there seems to be interested in doing their job and they hardly pay attention to you. However, whenever I go, I don't ask for much -- I get a spot on the patio, take a drink or two and order my salmon tartare, and leave with a smile on my face. I know what I want and what I'm going for, so I don't get too fussy about the other stuff. Granted, others surely will, and for good reason.
4	This place is strange, but just in terms of architecture. They are in the middle of the square, and have a very nice patio, and in doors glass see through walls. I sat at the bar and the bar tender was very good. The sea snails were very good and their drinks are quite awesome to say the least.
2	The food was pretty good, but the experience was mostly ruined by the abysmal service (I should have trusted the many reviews that repeatedly complained about the service!)We were met by the smileless maitre'd. We asked the waiter for some advice, but he mostly read the menu aloud (we could do this ourselves, thank you very much). I ordered a cocktail, and some foreign body was floating in the glass. OK things happen, so I asked the waiter to replace it. At this price range of the restaurant, I'd expect him to smile apologetically and replace it without any fuss. Well, not here at Brasserie-T. He started to argue that this obviously foreign body is part of the green leaf, which was floating in the cocktail. I asked him to replace it anyway.Then the most hilarious part comes. The waiter took the glass away, and my wife observed him removing this foreign thing with his hand (sic!). Then he brings it back, and ... starts to argue again. Now he says it fell into my cocktail from the tree while he was bringing it. Well, we were indeed sitting under a tree, but I don't really care if it's from a tree, or a bird, or anything else - this junk clearly didn't belong in my cocktail. I asked him to just bring me a new glass. Amazingly, unbelievably he continue to argue. At this point I just got sick and tired of it, and just refused the cocktail.Again the food was decent, but the overall experience was pretty poor.  There are lots of great restaurants in Montreal. Just look elsewhere.Update: later that day we had dinner at Bouillon Bilk, and the difference was night and day, as the latter was absolutely amazing.
5	I live in New York and was visiting Montreal last week and read a lot of reviews to try out this place on trip advisor and to say I was pleased is definitely an understatement. This place is amazing from its location near the Place des Arts and being on St. Catherine. We ordered the egg and mushroom dish for an appetizer which was delicious it was kind of like a poached egg on top of potatoes and mushrooms. Then for entrees we ordered a lobster roll and steak with fries. Everything was so fresh and the steak was just the right type of juicy. They also have great beers on draft and I got a mojito which was just the right touch as well. Was very pleased and hope to be back here when I am in Montreal again !
4	Being on a budget Normand Laprise's flagship Toque is way outside my price range so I was excited when he opened up a more affordable restaurant.  Located in the Quartier des Spectacles this chic restaurant is an ideal place to visit if you're catching a show at Place des Arts.  It is small so a reservation is a good idea and an absolute must if something is going on at Place des Arts.They have a small menu but they focus on doing things well.  I ordered the shrimp guedille which is sort of like a lobster roll but with shrimp instead.  I enjoyed it quite a bit and thought that the bun they used was pretty high quality.  The fries were crispy, thick and overall really good.I would say the service was kind of lacking.  It was difficult at times to get the waitress' attention and when we did she seemed kind of indifferent.  I'd still come back here though especially if I was in the Quartier des Spectacles.
4	Had a good lunch. Montreal pork and duck sausage and a quinoa. Was excellent. Cool menu. Friendly service. Very cool setting.
