5	So, we live in the middle of sprawl, in the far NW 'burbs.The only real restaurants around us are the typical chain places... you know... the Chilis, the TGiFridays, that sort of thing. Fine if that's what you're into, but... we like things a little more interesting and unique than that.So, with a great deal of surprise, a new restaurant by the name of "Kawaii" opens up next to our local Walmart grocery store. What? I figured that at best, we'd get some stupid chain fast food dealio.So, last night, we decided to try Kawaii. Wowsa, the place was packed, and we managed to get a little booth in the corner.Atmosphere: Good. A hybrid of Japanese tradition (wooden booth benches) and modern decor.Staff: Nice folks, that seemed to be sincerely there to serve.Food: Tasty!My wife and I both ordered Bento boxes. Her: the tofu. Me, the shrimp. Both teriyaki. Our son ordered the Soba noodles, vegi style.Salad - crisp and cold, with a nice ginger-mustardy dressing. Tasty and fresh.Miso - Creamy flavor. Again goodly.Tofu Bento - The tofu was cooked fabulously; crisp and chewy on the outside, buttery on the inside and served on stir-fried teriyaki vegis. The vegis were cooked right and good. 6 little Shumai were nice little bites. The California rolls of course were clearly far better than the ones served next door. Chewy rice and clearly fresh.Shrimp Bento - Pretty much the same as above. The dish came with maybe a dozen medium shrimp... all good and peppery, with a nice brown teriyaki sauce. Soba - Man this was great as well. Lots of vegetables, and soba that tasted like they may be making it there. It was really good, and while I dug my Bento, I think that I would have enjoyed the Soba just as much. Really tasty, my 6 year old son just kept eating it.So, all really, really  great.Downsides:No kid's menu, no specific kid's offering. It was a little painful to order a $13 meal for our kid. But hey, I'm cheap.Prices were pretty standard for this kind of food. It's not cheap food, but they're not gouging you for it either. I felt like I had a great meal, not a stab in the back.When we go again, I'll let you know how it fared.
4	I'm always on the lookout for a good Sushi place, this one opened up close to home and I wasn't sure what to think.  My wife and I went in for a lunch on a day we didn't have the 2 year old, and boy am I glad we didn't have her.  It's more traditional seating, open back booths, I think we would have trouble keeping the 2 year out of everyone else's space.  But the food was great, lunch was ideal, few customers, lower prices and we opted to try several new things.  I did the 3 Rolls Lunch Special which includes Miso Soup and salad, both of which were very good.  The list of selectable rolls was pretty short, but still good, I went with the traditional Spicy California, Shrimp Tempura and Spicy Tuna, all of which were very good.  My wife selected a Mongolian Beef Lunch Special, which I honestly didn't like and would not order again, typical poor selection of beef that is used, but he spices didn't taste good to me at all, so we'll be on the look out for other Bento boxes to get the next time.  Service was good, the waiter warmed up to use as we asked questions and everything went over very well.
4	Now, I'm probably not the best person to review a sushi place as I'm not a fan of the raw stuff.  Kawaii has all the bases covered though-my Yaki Soba was quite good and my friends really enjoyed the Philly rolls and spicy tuna.  The restaurant is decorated very nicely and the staff is attentive and helpful.  Too swank for being next to a Wal Mart store :)I'd go back to Kawaii, a sure sign of an enjoyable experience.
4	Kawaii just opened a few months ago. I've been there more than five times since.. it's just great! The atmosphere is quiet and they have unique tables that have double sided seats. So you are close to the people eating around you.Their food is fresh and affordable! They have a daily lunch special where you can get 3 rolls, a salad, and miso soup for $11!! And you have a list of 15 or so to choose from. If you purchase a beer or sake, you get a $.99 appetizer. The waiters are family and work every day and they are the nicest people I have met in a while. Five stars!
2	I'm rather confused about the reviews that this place has received. I went here for lunch today. We were the first ones there at 11:30 and while we were there, only three tables were occupied. I really cant see any justification for the horrible service....I'll get into that more in the review. The restaurant itself is the typical strip mall restaurant setup. I liked the booths. The seats were like large boxes without backs. There wasn't anyone sitting behind us but can imagine that some might be uncomfortable with that when it's busy...your back would be literally against the back of the person sitting behind you. I'm a social person so think that it has potential and is an interesting way to provide seating. The sushi wasn't bad....but wasn't anything to write home about either. It was a bit more expensive than it should have been. An iced tea, edemame, eel roll, and 1 piece maguro/ 1piece ebi ran me 18 bucks. I really wouldn't have minded if the service was good or if it was exceptional in the form of food presentation. Everything was mediocre at best. The people I was with ordered from the lunch menu. They seemed to be quite happy with the quality and quantity of food. They each spent about 8 bucks. The egg drop soup was kind of bland according to one. We all agreed on the service though. We had to ask for things multiple times, we were left alone with empty glasses, when our food came we were pretty much left alone, and we ended up sitting around for 10 minutes after we finished eating (staring at the waitress trying to get her to come over) before we had to go and ask for the check from the guy at the register. Our waitress was sitting at a table eating. Again, there were only 3 tables occupied and it was when they first opened. There is no excuse for the horrible service. I'm pretty understanding when it comes to justified bad service - I used to be a waiter. I understand that when things are crazy and chaotic, that service can suffer...and understandably. However, there is no excuse for how we were treated...or not treated as the case may be. I wont be going back to this place. If I do, it will be for carry out. It's been a long time since I've left anything less than 20% for a tip. The service dragged this rating down.So, pretty much: Don't get the Sushi, Order from the lunch or dinner special menu, Don't eat in.
4	We went for lunch and arrived at 1:15pm.  One man at a table, one at the sushi bar just leaving.  While we were there, two girls came in, two guys came to the bar and one solo at the window.  So the crowd was pretty sparse.First - the service was fine.  The young lady had a rough time with English, but she really tried.  The two males were better on English.  And all of them checked on us every once in a while.The food was good...certainly not great.  It was obviously fresh.  I had the three rolls for $11 special, Jo had a Chicken Teriyaki Special for $11.  Chicken was a little on the dry side - she would have preferred dark meat.  My rolls were good and the price was fine.Their techno-pop music seemed way out of place, especially when they had the US Hockey Team on one TV.All in all, I'll go back.  But, do note that all the "Happy Hour Specials" require you to buy a beer or sake.  One drink for every special you order.  Ehhhhhh
3	Food presentation was terrific, but taste and price was not preferable to Sakana, which is only slightly further of a drive.  (4 mi) Service was friendly and acceptable, but has room for improvement (I had to show the waiter how to open the split of champagne, and they forgot our miso soup.)
4	2nd time here. Really enjoyed the sushi. Of course we always enjoy the sushi unless it's really bad. This was very good and we will be back. We love yen but they are far from our house for a quick dindin, so great to find something good very close to our house. Yeah!!Finally a local rest. I can get behind.
3	I went for lunch because its over by GCC north and I was starving!  I got the special which was 3 rolls and soup or salad for $11.  The waiter was very nice and good about refilling drinks but something was off with this sushi.  I don't think the ginger was fresh because it tasted funny and looked like the kind that comes out of a jar.  The rolls were loosley packed and fell apart way too easily.  I choose spicy california, eel alvocado, and tuna skins for my three rolls.  They filled me up but but again there was a strange taste in each of them that I'm not sure that I liked.  Overall if your starving this place will do but if you are a sushi snob you probably won't be impressed.
2	just ok, not good not bad,.  dont think i'd return.
4	The menu features a wide range of Japanese favorites. I enjoyed the clear soup with mushrooms and scallions and shrimp and scallop skewer appetizer, a wonderful start to a meal of sushi.The sushi menu offered many standards and creative choices. My colleague had sushi rolls, which they did not skimp on the meat and fillings. He also had some tempura, the servings of which are large, light and tasty.I opted out for sushi and tried their sashimi instead.  I had Maguro (Tuna), Salmon, Hamachi (Yellow Tail), Mckajiki (Sword Fish) and Tako (Octopus).  It was all very good. I'm looking forward to my next trip to try something different.  This is a great place for lunch at $11 for 3 rolls, soup and salad.
2	I used to drive by here almost every day and wanted to try this place for a long time.  So sad that I was disappointed. I happened to drop by on lunch... had one of their lunch specials of two rolls and a miso soup for $9.Miso is great.I am not happy with my choice of rolls... and I can only assume the other rolls are similar in disappointment.Let me start with, I know my sushi and I know what it's supposed to taste like.  When I go to a new place, I order something simple that really a place can't mess up easily but also has a lot of potential.  I do NOT eat my first rolls somewhere with the soy sauce.  I don't believe in hiding the flavor behind salt.So I ordered a spicy salmon roll and a yellowtail scallion roll.  We'll start with the (not so) spicy salmon roll that I wasn't even sure was salmon.  It appeared to have been mutilated salmon, to the point where I questioned if it was tuna instead.  And it wasn't spicy AT ALL.  I'm no super spicy person, but I like a little bit and this had NOTHING.  It had this weird smokey taste in it, which I absolutely did NOT understand what it was and made it taste cheap, like something I would get from a grocery store off the shelf.  (which we all know those are terrible)  The rice was very very dry and stuck in my throat. I seriously wanted my soy sauce at this point.  Look around... and I have no little trays to put my soy sauce in... and it was almost like they expected me to pour it over the top of the rolls?No.  Not happening.  So I forced myself thru it... I was hungry.Next roll... the yellowtail scallion roll.At least I could tell what it was.  But it was so horribly bland... I could barely taste the scallions and there was nothing added to enhance the taste of the yellowtail.  Again, the rice was super dry and stuck to the roof of my mouth, making me seriously think about asking the waiter for a dish for my soy sauce.But I have strict rules for my first sushi visits... and didn't.Other notes: their iced green tea is VERY sweet.  I happen to like that.  I just wanted to let you all know.  And the ginger is PINK.  Nothing says cheap more than pink ginger.  Advice to any sushi chef/owner... slice your own ginger and store it in water.  It makes the hard core sushi eaters happy. Service was good... no issues.  I sat at the bar, the sushi chef said hi and checked on me... as well as the server.  Things were served quickly... which there were only like 5 people in there so anything less would have been annoying.The decor is kinda neat... I like it.  The stainless steel bar top I'm sure feels GREAT in the summer time, but startled me this winter. lol  That was cold! hahaSo... service and decor gets a 2 star... but to me, the food is the most important and I was sadly disappointed.
3	We have been here several times and probably would not have came back if it wasn't for the convenient location.  Came here last night an hour before closing.  Ordered 2 Sake and 4 different types of rolls.  Wasn't too filling so we ordered more sake and 2 more rolls.  Kinda hit the spot but also hit the wallet harder to feel full.  Sushi was pretty tasty.  The server was great.  He accommodated us even after we shut the place down and then some.  So he gets  four stars.
1	we ate here once but not recently and it wasn't so great.  approx $40 for crummy sushi and no drinks..bah...but today they were featured on Channel 5 dirty dining with 7 health code violations I was actually going to retry them but now I think I will  continue to stay awayAs a SLIGHT update they have been on dirty dining a number of times since my first yelp. You need to check up on current situation.8-21-14 Someone messaged me and told me new ownership. I will update in the future.
4	Great food and specials.  Definitely favorite happy hour spot!  Just wish they were open later.
4	This place is a fun little sushi place hidden in mini mall next to a Wal-Mart corner store.  Their recent Lightning Bug roll special has become a favorite.  It is sweet, spicy, and completely delicious.  I highly recommend this place!
3	Not as good as sushi 101 in tempe, or sakana sushi. Very pricey. Menu mixture is a bit odd for a japanese restaurant. Service was really slow. Didn't get checked up on often. Probably won't be back.
4	I've been here a few times with our family.  This usually consists of myself, my husband, my 2-year-old, my 6-year-old, and my in-laws.  There isn't anything really that kid friendly on the menu, but they recommended a friend chicken cutlet that they cut up like chicken fingers.  The kids loved it.  Our sushi is always presented very well.  They cut carrots to look like birds.  I've never seen anything like it.  My kids were amazed.  We had to take the carrot birds home and put them in the refrigerator.  The sushi tasted really good.  We ordered a lot of sushi, but finished it between the four adults.  It was so good.  My father in law said the sushimi he ordered was really good.  I had hot sake, and my husband prefers the cold.  Both were really good.  It isn't the most kid friendly, but they do have high chairs available, and the wait staff is very patient.  Our service was good, because all of the waiters and waitresses just seem to work together.  No one is only responsible for their tables, we had drinks filled by whoever walked by.  Everyone seemed to be big on checking every table they walked by to make sure customers were pleased.  It has really good ambiance (in the evening) especially for a strip mall sushi place.  I was really pleasantly surprised.  If nothing else, it's worth coming here for presentation.  I'm really disappointed I didn't have my camera to photograph the way they plated our sushi.
3	Went here a couple weeks ago, and ultimately it was Adequate-Plus.  I would have ranked it a 4, but my sushi standards are freakishly high from my time traveling and living in Japan.The fish was fresh, and the prices were reasonable.  Rolls were well made and beautifully displayed.  The Japanese say that you eat first with your eyes, then with your mouth and the chefs at Kawaii definitely mastered that.   Besides the standards, there were many creative options on the menu.  Service was good, someone was always available to help or refill our beverages but not to the point of smothering.  We would come back without hesitation.
4	If you want to eat some good sushi without a big crowd, check out Kawaii.  I've been about 25 times now (I live very close).  I always get a saki bomber becuase then you can have an appetizer for only $1.  Right now, when you buy a specialty roll, you get a regular roll for free.  I haven't had a roll there I didn't like and I usually finish a beer before I can decide what to get.  Besides the sushi, I get the Yaki Udon.  It's great.  It will be even better once the temperature gets cooler.  For dessert, you've got to try the fried green tea ice cream!  It's making my mouth water just thinking about it!  The service is good too but don't be surprised to walk in and catch a some of the staff just watching TV.  It's probobly because you're the only customer there.  See ya there!
4	EXCELLENT!!!  Very trenda & fresh.
1	I've eaten there twice so far and I really don't care for it.  If you've never had quality Japanese Cuisine you'll probably thinks it's good.  I didn't care for their seating arrangements.  Orders aren't brought out at the same time, one in the group was half finished with her meal before we were finally served our sushi.  The Wonton Soup was nothing special, average at best.  The sushi was small and warm, sort of gooey, and I don't mean the rice.Bare minimums, just enough, nothing more is how I would explain it, except for the price.  It seems like they skimp on everything, service, quality.Go eat at Ra Sushi then check this place out and see what you think.
5	This is the best sushi place I have ever been to.  Their food is great, they have great specials ALL the time and the staff is very friendly.  We come here for birthdays, anniversaries and we even bring our clients here.  I love this place!
3	Great atmosphere and very good service. Sushi is yummy and well presented.
4	Reasonably priced, with good happy hour specials. Glad to find this place close to home. Will definitely go back.
1	Three years ago this place could prepare some decent sushi. Tonight was a different story. In fact it was downright AWFUL! The sake was colder than the beer. The sushi was drizzled with eel sauce....all of it. The chefs spoke no English. I asked what was "fresh" and they all just smiled. The Korean waitress/hostess/bartender ran over and told me "everything is fresh" as she waved her hand in front of the coolers glass display ala Vanna White style. Honey, its Tuesday and all of your fish is wrapped in plastic so don't tell me its all fresh when it is clearly not fresh. I could go on and on but I won't. I'll never go back because this place is just horrible. Do yourself a favor and go to Tokyo Lobby which serves edible sushi or go over to Paradise Valley and eat at Yazu Bistro which is some of the best in town.Honey!!! Where's the Maalox????
5	Been here more times than can count... live very close.  They even know my kids by name.Never had a bad experience here. The chefs do an awesome job at preparation and presentation. The plates with rolls always come out looking like a high end restaurant. We all have our favorites - I don't know what they are called, but they are good ;) Try a few different rolls and you will see what I mean - all good.The server staff is just the best - awesomely attentive, interacting, and fun to talk to!Pricing is on par with other Japanese area restaurants - it is not a cheap meal, but well worth the price paid!
5	This is our place!  They just started all you can eat sushi, too!  Order the volcano roll!
2	We go there as a family all the time because the food is wonderful and it's very close. However, there is a particular Hostess/Waitress that refuses to take my order (but acknowledges the rest of my family members) and then brings me the wrong dish that I did not order and does not try to correct it in any way. She does not bring plates and my husband has to go up to the sushi bar and request plates to eat with all most every time. Great food but the horrible service makes it almost dreadful to eat there. If my family didn't love it and it was blocks from my home, I would pass on eating there.
3	We like this place and go often.  I like their happy hour options to add an appetizer for $.99 to your beer.  We order edamame for our daughter who loves it, when coupled with their egg drop soup is a nutritious and affordable kid friendly option.  We like the different rolls you can get here and the prices are reasonable.  I do think they add too much vinegar to their sushi rice which makes all of the rolls taste similar and tangy.  They are friendly and I just adore the decor.
4	While not stellar, this is a good solid, high quality sushi joint.  It's near us so we've been here quite a lot.  Service is always friendly and quick, and they have good selections of special rolls along with the basics.  The prices are on the low side, and they always give you one free standard roll with any specialty roll you order.  Appetizers are inexpensive and tasty.
5	Wow. Today was my first time eating here and I thought it was REALLY GOOD! Now, I have never had an actual meal in Japan, but from all the Americanized crap I've tasted, this place is amazing. I live really close to here, they have takeout, and the stir-fry soba noodles were awesome! Seriously, I think they deserve some kind of reward for that alone!  But, I see that some other people see that the miso soup is a microwave packet, but I've had microwave miso before (it was disgusting!) I think whatever brand they're using is really good. I don't think anyone should be fooled by the bad reviews, if you just like Asian- inspired food, might as well try it!
4	Gosh... Maybe it was because it was a Friday evening, but it was PACKED. Though we quickly got seated in the corner bench, we actually had to put our hands high up just to catch their attention. I swear, if we never spoke up, they would of just ignored us until closing time. However, the food was still amazing, I just recommend to go on a weeknight or when there's nobody there.
5	I recently went there with a bunch of friends and found out that they just started all you can eat! We couldn't pass that up! For only $25 we got some huge slices of sashimi (limit 4 pieces of each fish!)  all of which were very fresh and good quality! The server we had was extremely nice and quick. The Samurai roll is awesome and I would come back here for sure!The only con was on a few rolls they over sauce but I just smeared it off on the plate and it was fine.
2	The food wasn't bad, it was just uninspired.  The service was total crappy.  Greasy chairs.  Sticky bowls.  Weird tasting beer glasses.  Waited 30 minutes for the check.  We were going to get desert but waited 40 minutes before anyone came back to the table.  Just bad.
4	It's a small sushi place, but you can get Chinese and Sushi if you are with a person who doesn't like sushi.  On the Chinese side that have all the familiar suspects.  We opted for the beef with broccoli, which was delish.  I had the $25 all you can eat sushi and it's a great deal.  We would go again.  Not too shabby either.
3	This was pretty good sushi! I liked the fact that you can get buy one, get one free on the rolls during most of their business hours. $15 for 2 rolls isn't bad. Wished mine had more sauce but I might have chosen the wrong ones. Will try again!
1	My sister and I decided that we wanted sushi. We went to this place because it was close to our house and we had both of our kids. We got there and the lady sat us and then attended to her other tables. We sat there for a good while staring at her waiting for menus. We had to ask another gentleman who also got us our waters.She was very rude and when we asked for things like soup she would stare at us and walk away. She only had two tables and barely came over to us. When we got our check we needed to split it as I was explaining what we wanted to do and she walked away. We couldn't understand her half the time because she was so quiet. To be honest the sushi was mainly rice with barely any "meat" to it. Out philly rolls were the tinest I have ever seen. Their happy hour isn't even happy hour. Just a buy one get one special. I will not be spending my money here again.
5	Great food, great service, and amazing atmosphere. The sushi is amazing. And the happy hour special of one chef roll get a regular roll free is an amazing deal.
5	I love this place!!! Every roll I have tried I really like. I have not been disappointed. Plus the are reasonable!
5	My husband and I checked out Yelp for a sushi restaurant, and Kawaii JC had the best recent reviews, even though it was a bit of a drive.  We got here at 5:30pm for the happy hour, and got two 99 cent appetizers with drinks.  We ordered a fried roll, a chef's roll and a regular (free)- all were great!  We're definitely coming back!
1	Horrible customer service and food really wasn't that great!
4	Delicious rolls! 4 stars because the service isn't phenomenal and it's a little pricey.
5	Service is a little slow, but very good and very helpful. Always my go to for good food though. Whether you just want some good entrees or sushi they're priced just right.Even though the place is always busy, I've never had to make a reservation. Also, you can never ever go wrong with their $25 all you can eat sushi menu!
5	We have been to Kawaii lots of times. Both for dinner service and take-out. The sushi is pretty good quality. We have always had good service too. I'm confused about the negative comments on here. My husband is Japanese and grew up in Hawaii. This is both of our go-to place for sushi.
1	The beef terriyaki was terrible. It tasted like the meat had been frozen for months. The price was expensive too. We also ordered a couple of rolls. They tasted ok but way over priced for the portion size. I do not recommend this restaurant.
5	If you want a quiet, elegant place, check Kawaii out! It so happened I was around town, when I spotted this location. My first day, they gave me a free mango dessert cake.
5	We love Kawaii! We've been frequenting Kawaii on a regular basis for several months. Not only is the food is amazing but the staff is incredible and so friendly! We absolutely love this place and highly recommend it to anyone looking to enjoy fabulous food at a fantastic price!
4	We just flew in from San Diego and needed to eat dinner late.  Fortunately, our plane had wifi and I was able to consult Yelp.  Kawaii had good reviews and was close to where we were ultimately going to end up for the evening.  We arrived at about 9:15 and entered the very clean well laid out space of Kawaii. We had our choice of locations and found one within view of the Hockey playoffs on TV.  Excellent.They had a very nice and affordable selection of Sake. The waitress was super friendly and let us know about the specials and the menu.  We chose Gyoza and Crab Rangoon as our appetizers.  They were on $.99 special with the order of a sake or beer.  We also ordered the Chicken Yakitori.  The Chicken Yakitori was our favorite.  Excellent flavor and a decent size portion.  I enjoyed both the Gyoza and Crab Rangoon as well.  All of the appetizers came out fast and hot.  Perfect.  Ordering too much food as I often do, we selected the Happy Valley Roll, Cucumber Naruto roll and the Triple Sashimi (3 pieces each of salmon, tuna and yellowtail).Excellent rolls and super large fresh portions of Sashimi.  The Naruto roll doesn't have rice.  So, it was a very nice complement to both the Happy Valley Roll (Tuna, Avocado, Jalapeno, Topped w/White Tuna And Salmon) and the Sashimi.Finally, we ordered the spicy tuna jalapeno appetizer.  This had a very unique peppery flavor with a burst of heat that made both of us go Wow.  This is good.  Thank you for a great meal!  We will be back!
5	Came here for my surprise graduation celebration! My boyfriend had originally made reservations for 9, but had to change it last minute to 18 people. They were very accommodating! The people taking care of us were very nice and patient. There were many sushi roll options, and with their happy hour, we were able to get a specialty roll and regular roll for around $10-$12. The sushi was the perfect size, perfectly cut, and looked so cute and yummy! And it was! The bill came, and as a frequent sushi eater, I thought the bill would be very big...but it wasn't. Great service, great sushi, at a great price?! What?!But most importantly...I went in craving for some Tempura green tea ice cream!! Which they have!! But I didn't end up getting that...because they gave me a chocolate tempura ice cream for my graduation!! So nice of them!Was it the best sushi? It could be better. But with the good food, service, and price, this place is awesome! All in all, our group had a wonderful time! Thank you Kawaii!
3	I have given this place an entire handful of tries but I am done. The sushi here is very bland and nothing special. There are definitely better sushi restaurants out there.
4	Came here expecting an okay place. But the piece and flavors were great. Service was a bit lacking. But an definitely going back.
4	We come here for Sunday lunch fairly regularly. Food is tasty and of good quality.  Everything is always fresh. There is a nice variety of food as you can get Chinese, Japanese, and good sushi. Service is always good. I only wish portions were larger so I could take some home, but I never leave hungry.
4	Place was packed.  Food was well prepared and tasteful. The rolls were fresh and in generous portion .  Service a little slow but with apologies
1	Just ordered thru their online ordering system, at 7:04 & said it was gona be $37. I got there at 7:20, only to find out that the total is $46.75 . Well this and this change and our online menu isn't updated, well that's no fair to me is what I thought but instead I just said oh okay. Then waited for 20more minutes and the guy had came over to me and said it'll be 5-10minutes can I offer you something to drink I said "no why is it gona take longer when I ordered my food at 7, it's been 40 minutes." He said he'll go back and check. Meanwhile I'm sitting there thinking they probably started making my food when I got there, and plus they should have eaten up the difference in price, it wasn't my fault their online menu isn't up to date with their "new menu" in the resturant! And then I stood back up waiting by the desk only to have some lady who works there come over to me and ask can I help you, I said "yes I wana know why it's taking 45 mins to make my food when these people right here just got here 10 mins ago and already have their food." She said they only have 1 sushi chef working and we are almost full and we are busy. I'm like "it's never taken 45 mins,plus I see 2 sushi chefs working.. (Smh) and we come here all the time. I'm really upset that you are being so rude, & arguing with me, what are you gona do abt this."Again she said "Im trying to explain why .. We're expanding and more busy". And than finally my food came out by another lady - 50mins later!! I just was so hungry and upset that I just grabbed my bags and said I'm never coming back here. I'm upset because I love their food but HATE THEIR "new" SERVICE!  If they are expanding they better pick up their pace! Their food is 4/5 star, new service blows !
5	Second visit in a week, I love the passion of the new owners, food is fantastic, salt and pepper shrimp was a perfect surprise and ca berne with sushi, love the suggestion, we  will be back........ soon.
5	I've been coming here since this place had opened as I find the sushi to be much better quality and size than some of the other more popular and trendy sushi houses. The sushi comes out in good sized portions and is always great tasting. Recently the establishment changed ownership and a few things have changed, but for the better. The sushi is still amazing but the food items on the menu have had the recipes tweaked and it's quite amazing. My current favorite is the pork fried rice. The new staff is very welcoming and friendly. The main hostess (Kelly) is very nice and sweet and always tells me the new items or additions they are implementing. Not sure if they have put it on the menu yet but they have some dumplings that are really good, I like the pan fried dumplings a lot. If they are not on the menu, just ask for them and they will bring me out. Steamed or pan fried, I prefer the pan fried. By far my favorite hole in the wall sushi joint . Much better than the over prices trendy joints.
4	Rolls a really spectacular. They are not that large in diameter but they are bite-size.  The sake bombers are huge amounts of sake.  The owner lady is super funny and just a blast have fun with.  The prices are starting to go a little bit out of line.  Overall it is a really good experience even though it is a little too overpriced.
1	The 1 star is only for the friendliness of the workers and for the lunch special PRICE.I've been eating sushi at different locations for 2 years now, at least 1-2 times a week. I decided to try this place yesterday because my friend recommended it to me (she's not a huge sushi lover though). The sushi rolls are disgusting and the raw fish (I tried salmon) is mediocre at best. The raw fish is not good quality raw fish. The phoenix roll (~12$) was one of the most disgusting rolls I've ever eaten. The ingredients they put together for that roll did not blend well together.. in all honesty, it sort of had a 'artificial strawberry' flavor aftertaste. I tried another roll (I think it was called 'Salmon Dynamite' or something like that... and it was ehhh, ok... the raw fish turned me off because of the poor quality.I didn't try the lunch special, but the price was on the cheaper side (3 small rolls for $12). However, my friend ordered the lunch special and said the rolls were on the smaller side. She didn't comment on the taste.I DO NOT recommend this place FOR SUSHI. Utterly disgusting.
5	This place has been here a couple of years but keeps improving. The wait staff is quick and friendly and the happy hour specials (which seen to run all say) are great deals. My current favorites include the Kawaii roll, spicy crunchy yellow tail, spicy California roll, ninja roll, and the hamachi sushi. However, they have a wide menu and we have always enjoyed it when we strayed from our regulars.  Kelley is the hostess most times we are here and she has routinely gone above and beyond for customers. Once, bringing a niece who was unsure of sushi, she offerred anime-style stickers to our neice. It was a big hit and really put a new food adventure for a 12 year old in a fun and positive light. Don't miss this place, it is awesome!
1	I heard that Kawaii was under new ownership and recently had a perfect Maricopa Health Inspection so I thought I could give Kawaii another try.We ordered the most common of sushi to try that should be fresh.A Salmon Surprise Roll and Sushi of Tuna and Yellowtail.When the sushi came out I knew immediately  that this was not pristine fresh as it should be. (see close up of Yellowtail Photo) Honestly I never had sushi anywhere that looked that bad including budget buffets.I took a chance eating the sushi.The sushi was put loosely together and most of the pieces fell apart when we ate them. The tuna and yellowtail pieces weren't seasoned under the fish as they should be.Really the worst tasting of the sushi was the salmon surprise roll. It was the only one that had an actual raw fish taste to it. I guess raw fish taste was the surprise.None of the sushi really tasted fresh. I only like fresh sushi.This sushi I didn't like and is why some people won't eat sushi.A while latter our stomachs ached but we didn't get sick. If they didn't have any fresh fish the server should have suggested a stir fry to me.BYE BYE KAWAII AND SAYONARA!I WILL NOT BE BACK!
2	Huh not good. Nice and clean place but need lots of improvement on food. Shrimps tempura was a 1 star!
