4	Chili's is one of the best chain restaurants in Tempe.  The food is pretty good, although the steaks are kind of small.  Can't go wrong with the baby back ribs.  Burgers are pretty big and the appetizers are well done.  The Awesome Blossom is my favorite.  They have a lot of margaritas and other assorted drinks.  However, they are more expensive for the kind of place it is.  The atmosphere is great.  However, I would avoid going on Friday and Saturday nights.  That is when it's the most crowded full of bar hoppers eating before they get their drink on.
4	This is the best place to snag some free parking on mill! This Chili's is always busy always.But surprisingly I have never had to wait very long or at all. My room-mate and I came here the other day after a long day of lease signing and ordered the chicken fingers which are OK. My only problem was my corn on the cob was extremely cold gross! I remember eagerly biting into it only to find the surprising corn and cold corn juice squirting in my mouth. It was not pleasant.Our waiter didn't't seem to care when we told him, but he did offer to bring us some more.
4	I had the most bizarre experience here last night. As the location for the b-day dinner with family, I arrived a bit late (hey, I parked near N. Mill and wanted to walk) and walked in hurriedly, looking around to spot familiar faces. To my left, I saw a young woman waving at me. I looked at her; she looked at me. I looked at the hostess; the hostess looked at the young lady. I looked away to try and spot my family. The young woman waved again. I furrowed my brows and looked around - was she waving at somebody behind me? I looked at the hostess again, who looked equally befuddled. I walked in the direction of the young woman. She said happily, "Alison!" I stepped closer, leaned down to let her get a good, clear look at my face and whispered, "I'm not Alison." Then I walked off, turning the corner and locating my party. Of course I had to tell the story to my family. It was bizarre, after all. The hostess walked by a couple minutes later (while I was telling the story) and said, "Did she think you were someone else?" I pointed at the hostess to add credibility to my story. "See, exactly."That set the stage for a very enjoyable and often humorous dinner. From the topics of "best friends with naked benefits" to dirty playground jokes to politics, we discussed a wide range of topics. We also enjoyed our meal. I had a salad with shrimp. The waiter was happy to accommodate my request to substitute shrimp with chicken. I also ordered a 22 oz Blue Moon (on happy hour price). Since it was both my and my brother's birthday (we are 5 years apart), we got two free desserts. I let my family select what dessert they wanted. I would have gone with something chocolate, though. My brother went with the white chocolate lava cake. So did my parents. I ate a little bit of it, but soon noticed that my inability to eat white chocolate hasn't change. It's just way too sweet. As for the meals, everyone seemed to enjoy theirs. My dad got the Guiltless Salmon with extra veggies. My brother order fajitas. My step mom got something she didn't order, although it did have chicken and shrimp in the mix. She picked at it. When I tasted a piece of her shrimp, I noticed it tasted burnt. Gross. No wonder she didn't eat much. She didn't seem to mind, though.As for the service, it was great. The waiter knew it was a birthday dinner. He was attentive and fast. When the check came, a manager came over to ask whose birthday it was. I, slightly buzzed, gestured wildly and unrestrained to communicate it was mine birthday, as well as my little brother's. The manager thought that was cool. "It's also their grandpa's birthday," my step-mom said. My brother chirped up, "And the cat's!" We hugged our goodbyes in front of Chili's and my brother and I set off down N. Mill to find something else to do to celebrate. All in all, a very nice birthday dinner. Chili's may not have been my first choice in "fine dining" on such an occasion, but I know it's family-friendly and pretty standard in the food and service it delivers. Usually I avoid chain restaurants like genital warts (or so I try), but I can hang at Chili's. After all, they have a little bit of something for everyone.
3	Yeah, I know you probably already know what to expect at Chili's - I mean, it is Chili's, after all. But this one's for the vegetarians, just in case you didn't know they've got a black bean burger patty available. A pretty good one too. Not sure where they get it, it's definitely not Morning Star Farms. It's much bigger, for one thing - thicker and chunkier. And they'll swap it into any of their burgers without an extra charge. I usually order the swiss & mushroom burger myself - hold the burger, bring on the black bean patty. Definitely gets me my veggie burger fix when the time comes.I've always received friendly and efficient service at this particular location - they're aware you're probably on your lunch break and they bring the check early, just in case.
5	one of my fave's, everything i've eaten there was amazing, love the chicken sandwich and i substitute my fries for a cup of tortilla soup.
4	I may be turning into a Chili's fan.  For years, I would have rated Chili's as thoroughly mediocre, with any other nearby restaurant rating higher than what it could bring.   Today I had a mesquite chicken salad sans tortilla chip shreds.  They kept the chips off (which was sort of surprising to me) and it was pretty good tasting.  The server offered to split the checks which is nice and the server who brought out the food brought out the checks at the same time in case we were in a hurry.  My drink was kept filled without me having to ask for it and I think everyone else at the table enjoyed everything they were eating. We did seem to have to go through a gauntlet of servers, hosts and managers lining the exit on the way out , but overall it was a good experience.
1	Lets play a game: What are restaurants associated with?McDonald's......... the Big MacBurger King......... the WHOPPERDenny's....... (drunk) breakfast anytimeOlive Garden...... unlimited bread sticks, salad and soupAnd finally, Chili's...... The awesome blossom!!!Guess which one of those restaurants/fast-food joints have lowered themselves from passing grades to a mere one star standard? That's right Chili's removing the Awesome Blossom from their menu, not cool man. In fact, that is uncouth, un-american, un-awesome. We were giving eyeteeth for those perfectly sliced, breaded, deep-fried, stank-breathed onion bites with the horseradish sauce all week.Now we know what you are thinking: "C'mon guys you cannot base an entire chain of restaurants solely on one appetizer, now can you". Yes, we can; and we did. How are you going to discontinue the commodity that made you? You don't see Dave waking up one day saying, "Ya know, think we are going to murder the Frosty; yup, put a big fork in it: DEAD". It's the establishment doing away with the establishment. I know, back-ass-ward; and it hurts a little.   So what are you know Chili's: an over-salted, priorly frozen, submerged in fat, microwaved-to-perfection (without the awesome blossom) chain lost in the sea of other over-priced with low quality American chains; that has lost her only "it-factor". Kudos on that.
1	Over priced rubbish!
5	Love the Chicken Crispers!  The staff is always friendly and fast.  My stories make the restaurant not just a place to eat food, but a destination and hangout.  Additionally, it's a great place for a date.The only Chili's date I've ever had was in October 2005 at lunchtime with Shauna.  The date went well although not exceptionally well.  The highlight was at the end in the parking lot.  She told me she liked my Pro-Bush policy sticker on my car thinking it was funny (Yes, I still liked President Bush in 2005, but by 2008, I realized Bush was mostly a failure.  However, I still support that particular policy today).  I told her that I was nervous about mentioning politics because I figured you might be a liberal.  The parking lot was the best part of the date.I'd like to have an even better date story at Chili's in 2010 with Aubrey; we just had our third date tonight, which went very well and seems to be a bidding relationship.Another memory of Chili's was also in Fall 2005 while at ASU.  I would hang out with friends from my major between my afternoon and walk to my evening class next door in the Design Building.   An El Presidente Margarita or two made my Environmental Planning class much more interesting.One day in September 2005, one month before the Shauna date, I told the server, Angela, "Has anyone told you that you look like Lindsay Lohan?"She smiled saying, "Yes, I get that all the time."Wittingly, I had the perfect response.  "Except your more pretty than her."Blushing, she said, "Thanks, that is so sweet of you."My friends said that I had major guts.  We all left to go to our environmental planning class, but the story does not end there.The night class was practically next door to the Chili's.  For the first 30 minutes of class, we met our groups.  I told the group that I had to use the restroom, but I actually ran back to Chili's.  I had an ingenious plan.  I ran back in and dropped my CPS unit on the ground where I was sitting.  When Angela came out, I told her, "I came back because I left my CPS unit here."  She said, "I'll go back and look in lost and found."  After she went to lost and found, I picked it up, and she came back about three minutes later.  I said, "Oh, never mind, I found it."  She said, "Usually, they are really good about retrieving left items."I said, "Hey, Angela, you seem really cool.  Do you want to get coffee sometime?"  Of course it was the same old story, "I have a boyfriend."And I said, "I didn't know, but it was worth a try, right?"She totally agreed.  The conclusion to draw from my story is that somehow I graduated Magna Cum Laude from ASU in May 2006 after leaving class and pulling a stunt like that.
5	My cravings of food and drinks are always met. The experience is always enjoyable to put my hunger cravings away and leave happy with great food and great times..
3	This Chili's seems to be so hit or miss -- sometimes I've gotten great service, had the food come out quickly, and was happy to tip 20% or more.But then about every other time, we seem to get an "I'm too cool to be in the food industry" frat boy turned waiter who is completely blase, takes forever to get our orders, disappears for 20 minutes at a time, doesn't know the menu, and to be honest, is a complete jack ass.The food? It's average, but you know what you're going to get. It's worth it when there is a deal, or when I have a coupon. Otherwise, not worth the risk of shoddy service, empty glasses and cold food.
5	The friendliest, most comfortable place to grab a bite in the immediate area!I go to this Chilis at least once a week. Every time, I get great service. The servers are attentive. The atmosphere is pleasant - not too noisy. It's just a great place to get lunch with a friend or a colleague (dinner too).One additional plus is that they have their own free parking lot. Being so close to the university, parking is at a premium. This makes it easy and stress free to get to the restaurant.I would comment on the food but it's typical all American fare. Everything seems to be of high quality. The hamburgers are particularly tasty. Plenty of variety.Although it's a chain restaurant, you really get a neighborhood feel. I highly recommend this Chilis.
4	I know a lot of people seem to despise chain restaurants and everything, but I'm a fan of Chili's. My parents used to take me to Chili's all the time as a child and I used to love getting their tasty chcicken chrispers, grilled cheese, or their cheese quesadilla along with their delicious chocolate shake with chocolate sprinkles on top or a root or coke float. Now that I'm a vegetarian I don't go to Chili's for entrees anymore, but when I'm craving a decadent treat and want to really indulge I always head to Chili's. Along with the Cheesecake Factory, they have the best desserts of any chain restaurant I've been to. If you haven't already, you've got to try the Chocolate Molten Cake, it's super filling and the mixture of warm molten cake, hot fudge, and cold vanilla ice cream is just an amazing experience. I also really like the Mill Avenue location because it's the old design and I like the decor and ambience and looking out the window onto the main stretch. Anyways, Chili's is a great place for decadent desserts and is a big step above similar chain restaurants like Applebee's and T.G.I.Friday's.Recommended Desserts:Chocolate Molten CakeWhite Chocolate Molten CakeChocolate Chip Molten CakeBrownie SundaeChocolate Chip Paradise PieFrosty Chocolate Shake w/ Chocolate Sprinkles on top
5	Chili's in Tempe. Chili's in Maine. All the same. I suppose that is what corporate wants. What makes this place appealing is the staff and the clientele. You can sit next to a Timex one day and a Patek Philippe another day. No matter here, you are still the same.
3	I went here yesterday for lunch and it was pretty decent. I was really happy with the price, I got soup, salad, and chips and salsa for about 7$. That was amazing! Our server was good and he brought a big basket of chips so everyone at the table could eat them, not just me. That was very nice! The food is generic, yes, but it is convenient and inexpensive, so that makes it alright in my book.
2	First time here was also the last time. I came here for lunch to meet up with my Aunts on a Monday afternoon. The place was pretty packed, but they seemed to be staffed pretty well, however...you wouldn't know that with the service we received.12:00 (noon) - I walked in and found where my Aunts were sitting. Sat down, was greeted by the waitress immediately and ordered my drink.12:15 - ordered my $8 mini burger plate with fries.12:30 - tables around us finished eating and new customers sat down, then ordered.12:45 - new customers received their food...we were still waiting for ours... 1:00pm - after several apologies from the waitress, and several trips she took to the kitchen to find out where the hell our food was, we ended up deciding to take the meal to go.1:15pm - we finally got our meal, to go. Thankfully the waitress said the bill was on them, and apologized for the unusual wait. The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars, and not 1, is because the bill was taken care of and we didn't have to pay for an hour long wait with no food. Also, I was tweeting about the service, and the @chilis twitter account wanted details, and tried to help during the last 10-15 minutes there. Oh, the food was decent. It's what you would expect from any other Chili's.
5	I am from West Texas (Tejano) but now reside in Arizona and where ever there is a Chili's; I am sure to be there as well!The customer service is always great! The atmosphere is always relaxing! and almost every dish you serve is fantastic! When friends want to go out and eat and they choose another location, I always convince them to go to Chili's; especially my ex girlfriend and 10yr old son. Wow, now if you ever met two skeptical people in this world, it is here. I have been trying to convince my son and my ex girlfriend for years to go. Then one day, I offered them a truce (if they didn't like it, I would take them to Disneyland for vacation) and they agreed, of course lol. So, we headed to Chili's, I had them order the baby back ribs and guess what? They loved it! They live in West Texas still and they now go often to Chili's, (even without me) and they absolutely love it!PS: yes, I still took them to Disneyland...You guys rock!!JJ Tempe AZ
4	Ok so I am on vacation and generally love to try the local hot spots.  But we decided to come to Chillis.  After all I did want ribs.  Our service was pretty good.  He recomened a few late night hot spots and brought me a great local beer.  Devil ale I belive. A great hoppy little beer.  The ribs were.. well they are what you come to expect.  Chillis has great queso dip and friendly emplpyees it was a good choice.
3	One of the better Chili's I've been to.  Both the food and service were good and no one in our large group had any complaints.  I recommend the Crispy Chicken Tacos.
3	The chilis on mill is always better its downtown tempe right next to asu so crowded is expected. However the service here is so slow we saw our server like twice and we were there for nearly two hours. The food is decent like any other chilis bit man they need to work on their spred.
3	Good place to go for a few drinks and an ok meal. Tvs With the games. Its as standard as cookie cutter restaurants go. Good female bartender, makes good drinks, by good i mean strong
4	I have always loved Chili's. Being Texan, I guess chili is almost a genetic necessity.  lol.  As with most Chili's, the service is great. I am very disappointed that the walls are virtually naked. The Chili's I am used to going to in Dallas, Texas, have what some would call an over abundance of decor... Pictures from the innumerable Texas Chili Cook-offs, and random fun memorabilia from who knows where, to create a terrific atmosphere. All-in-all, I shall give 3 stars. If they choose to add more, so that it is on par with other Chili's, I shall re-rate this one with 4 stars.
1	There is a new chicken quesidilla that has breaded chicken in it. The 1st time it was ordered it was burnt and folded very strange. Didn't taste good at all. Second looked better but still had breaded chicken in it. Management did not offer to refund us for 1st ruined item but offered another item like an appetizer for free and then was rude when we commented about the fact that we didn't like the fact the chicken was breaded. Bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit.
4	I love Chili's! And this place has excellent service. The waiters/waitresses are attentive and really nice when you use coupons. Definitely one of the better Chili's locations I've been to!
3	It's a chili's. Pure and simple. if you go when everyone else does, it's going to be crappy, if you go at 3pm on a Thursday, it's going to be slow and you're going to get the best service. It all depends and it's just a chili's. Come on now.
2	Service was slow. Chili's food is bland.
3	This place was packed on a Saturday night! We sat at the bar area because we did not want to wait for a table. This may have actually ended up taking us longer to get our food. The server was very polite it just seemed he had too big of a section by himself which ended up resulting in longer wait times to make our order and get refills on drinks. The food was very good and I have no complaints about it I just suggest going on a different night as Saturday dinner at Chilli's is far from a quick bite to eat.
3	Nothing extraordinary here. Seated our large group outside in the cold when the interior restaurant was empty. Food was decent, same as any other in this chain.
2	If you just need a quick lunch it's probably okay to go here, but NEVER go here at 3pm-4pm. There will be no one to seat you. And worse, i forgot my credit card and the server doesnt even know.. Drove 30mins to go back here and forgot to bring ID so they got to asked all sort of questions. The food is okay, but the server wont refill you until you ask.
3	Not usually a huge fan of places like this, but this location is a good lunch spot. I always sit at the bar where they have a ton of TVs, and the service is prompt. I can typically be in and out in 40 minutes, which isn't bad for a full service restaurant. They have great chips and salsa, pretty good burgers, and my personal favorite: honey chipotle chicken crispers...Long name, but a tasty lunch food.They have good lunch deals and combos, and some good dinner stuff, and a good happy hour. I don't think I'd be quick to come here for a dinner date, and since it's a chain, for better or worse you know what you're getting each time. That said, for a quick lunch during the week it's a good option.
3	In this case I ordered take out and I knew what I wanted because I've ordered it before, which was the regular burger with a black bean burger instead of the meat. I knew I loved it before and I was hoping it was going to be the same as last. That was not the case, this one tasted a bit more mexican-y, which means the seasoning added it caused it to taste different and it had a salsa taste to it. I didn't like it at all. I wish it had been like the one I had before.The inside is really nice, I will give it that. All the waitress are very typical college girls. I think that Chili's should have a different attire because all the girls wore was jeans and a Chili's t-shirt, I think it would be more down to earth if they gave them a little freedom and dressed how they'd like (keep in mind I don't mean get out of control and dress slutty for more tips) it was just boring what they were wearing.The girl that dealt with my order was nice at first and then she realized I was paying with cash not card, which means she thought I wasn't going to tip her and her attitude changed completely. So that lead me to not give her a tip, I always tip those that deal with the take-out orders because I used to do it at a Restaurant too and it sucked that people didn't realize I did as much work if not more as all the other servers, yet I was tipped nothing. If only she didn't act that way.
4	The first server we had was horrible, just kept complaining. But our second server was awesome. Great menu choices too.
3	Obviously not many veggie options, but you KNEW this!  I don't expect much from Chili's (haven't been to one in about 5 years), but surprisingly the Avocado Bean Burger is REALLY good!  My friend's Santa Fe Chicken Salad was TINY and my friend's Crispy Chicken Taco looked yummy, she loved it!  Service was a little disjointed, but friendly server nonetheless.
4	I haven't been to a Chili's in a long time so while roadtripping it through Tempe with a friend, it seemed like a logical choice.  I've always been pleased by past experiences at the ones near home so I was curious whether or not I would have the same experience here.I did. My friend and I got there pretty late so it wasn't terribly busy. We were immediately seated and our server was there in no time.  I ordered a Blue Moon and a chicken salad.  The beer came out almost immediately and the wait for the food wasn't long at all.  Our server checked in frequently and was always friendly.Even though I've been to quite a few Chili's, this place did slightly exceed my expectations. I guess that's what happens when you take a break for awhile.  Either way, this is a good location in my opinion.
2	College crowd obviously, but I needed to mention that the sampler appetizer platter is a complete ripoff at $10.79. You get three items, but hardly any of each. Four mozzarella sticks, a few lousy boneless wings and they sliced the avocoda egg rolls in half, maiking it appear that you got more. As a matter of fact, there more sauces than food items on the plate and those were the thing that had leftovers. No late night happy hour like most other Chili's either. It was good to have blue moon on tap since last night was the rare "Blue Moon". My version of a double double.
4	My guilty pleasure go-to place for junk food when I am having a shit week or after a big test. Sure it is a chain but that means consistency. Don't expect Wolfgang Puck flair when you just need a quick and easy bite. The location is super-convenient for students and for those who work on Mill.
3	Bar service very slow. Only college games on, but food was good.
4	I was so pleased with the service that we received on a recent visit to Chili's.  We often go get an afternoon snack of appetizers when we're out and about.  Hands down, one of our new favorite places to go is Chili's for their bottomless chips and salsa.  Order a couple of drinks and we're set for an afternoon snack.  Server was so friendly!  Honestly, it's been a while since we've had such great customer service!  He was all smiles while he brought us basket after basket of chips.  We actually joked about feeling bad that it was so cheap and that we ate so many chips.  His response, "I'll bring you as many baskets of chips as you want!  That's what I'm here for!"  Oh, and the chips and salsa are so good!  Totally unexpected for a large chain restaurant.  Fresh chips made in house and yummy salsa......it's actually kind of pathetic that we thought that the salsa was better than what is served in MANY of the Mexian food restaurants around town.  Salsa should never be an afterthougt.....Thanks for surprising us Chili's!
4	Overall a very comfortable and relaxing experience!  Love the different types of food and alcohol drink choices.  Have gone a number of times to Chili's and always seems to be pretty consistent with the food and service, which is hard to find these days. Love the Bottomless Chips and Salsa and Presidente Margarita
3	I was surprised, the food was actually pretty good! The service was ok, not  superb, but definitely not horrible. Our waiter said he wouldn't charge us extra for Mac-and-Chesse...and he did. Besides that, not really any complaints. It did feel a little crammed in there. Maybe they tried to squeeze as many booths and tables into as small a place as possible? Who knows. Chips and salsa were to die for. Very tasty. All in all, a good meal for an ok price.
2	Dry microwaved chicken. Bad service. Not impressed
3	Used a free coupon for the email club members to try a new flatbread which was an $8.99 value. Not sure I made the best choice of the three new varieties, but it sounded good on the menu. My choice was the chipotle version which was way oversauced/doused with chipotle sauce. The spice rubbed chicken that dotted the fairly large appetizer was the highlight and ended up picking off most of that good protein. Alot going on with salsa fresca, cheese and other stuff dumped on top, but the crust was too soggy to hold everything up, so you needed to use knife and fork. It all didn't work really well, so the California version would have been the better choice. Still, nice of Chili's to give us a freebie finally unlike their usual buy entree, get something free deals. Bartender was nice and USA today was available for my reading pleasure and free refills. Dish wasn't spicy either and less sauce and well done would have made this version better.
4	I love Chili's having worked there for about 4 years in a past life, I grew accustomed to their menu, and Brownie Sundae!  of which is the absolute Bomb.  I think Chili's has some really good food for a chain restaurant.  Snazzed up the Chicken Sandwich the last time around.  Super good.  The Chicken Nachos are awesome as well.  Fajita's rock.  What is there not to like.
4	Had an incident while we were there but not a big deal. Informed the manager and he handled the situation very well. Definitley appreciated and would come back to this location.
4	Chili's is a great place not only for a quick meal and hang time with friends, but especially for the days when your wallet is light. Everything on the menu is delicious and simple. The best times I've had there are the times when I was hanging out with a friend or two and catching up.  Yeah, you can do that almost anywhere.  But Chili's invite it right away.  And it's open till midnight.  Chili's is a great place to chill.
2	Queso dip is media oker. Cheese cake is good, the trio is good.
2	Took 20 min to get our drinks and an other 50 min to get our salads. Yes 50 min for 2 salads. On top of that our server was avoiding us the entire time.No bueno. The manager did come by to apologize, which I really appreciate but didn't make up for the terrible service. As for the food..a salad is a salad. Wasn't bad wasn't anything special.
4	This location is always very consistent in service and foodI think it is also one of the busier locations simply because it is basically on ASU Main CampusParking is usually available even on the weekendsThe Southwestern Eggrolls are yumzo!Chilis is great in changing up their menus and adding new things in a great timely mannerThey also have all the classics and things that people loveI like the burgers The sizzlin fajitas are great tooThe drinks are very good each timeThe great thing about this location is that you can have dinner and once you're done with that, you can take a stroll north up Mill ave for fun
4	Had dinner with the girls before our Evita engagement at the ASU Gammage. We only had about 45 minutes until the show starts. They got us in and out really fast, this is when they were busy! Wife and I shared their triple platter, came with burger sliders, potato wedges, and their chipotle boneless wings. Very good! Glad we opt to eat here, their crew were very courteous, and knew we had a time limit and got us out!
4	Pretty good spot for drink specials and to catch the game.. Everybody nice there.. No complaints
2	Staff can be slow and inattentive if you just come in by yourself. As always, food is cheap comfort food so if you're in the mood for that, you really can't complain.
