4	It took me a while to try out Sushi Wow, but I was quite pleased when I did. The fish seemed fresher and more substantive than some of the other places in NLV I've tried. Price-wise, it was cheap for what you get. There is a HUGE assortment of rolls, appetizers, some great priced lunches. The service has been solid and friendly the few times I've been thus far. All in all, one of the better sushi joints in NLV.
5	The food Sushi was good and the service was great.
4	I've only been here twice and the first time I didn't get a chance to try the food as my brother was just picking something up. However, tonight was the second time I decided to drop buy and order some food to go.The staff was extremely friendly making sure they greeted you and spoke to you as you walked in and out the door. I didn't get a chance to try the sushi as I just wanted some tempura and miso soup, but wow was it good.I'll definitely be dropping by with a few friends to try the sushi and their other offerings.
5	Love this place. My husband and I go there often. The staff knows are names and also helps us in trying something new. Ask for the Red Sox roll. YUMMY! Good Sushi at a good price
1	Call it sushi ugh!!! Went there on Monday "all-you-can eat". NOT worth it. 1st - not all sushi in the menu can be ordered. 2nd, the waitress told us there was a 1 hr time limit!!! There was only one sushi chef. We had to wait for our order as there were more people. Not worth your money. BEWARE!!!
3	Not quite the wow I was hoping for.I've already accepted the fact that if its called "Happy Sushi" "Love Sushi" or some variant of "Super Tasty sushi" i'm probably in for some run of the mill McSushi.  I normally stick with the nigiri and the plain jane tuna/spicy tuna/albacore/salmon skin rolls but every once in a while I'll give a restaurant's "creative rolls" a shot. Rolled in here with the gf around 5 pm on Sunday night and got their house special roll - it might have been called SuShi Wow Special or something along those lines. It came out completely drenched in a very very very flavorful sauce that pretty much overpowered the flavor of everything else on the plate.My seaweed salad was a bit chewier than it should be and I wasn't all that stocked about it.The restaurant was empty but two other dudes came in here as we were walking out. Its sitting in a parking lot next to Denny's and Walmart. I didn't get any super positive vibes from the place but the service was prompt and friendly. My tea was filled up and the rolls came out quickly.Hate to say it but I'm not coming back here. It was really a spur of the moment decision that brought me here in the first place.
5	This place has super yummy roles and bento boxes.They are Korean owned and they spice up the roles nicely.If you get the Wow Wow Wow role or the Wow Special, you will want to get the sauce on the side, as it will overpower the role.Like with any sushi place, you have to try everything and figure out what your own favorites are.They just started an all you can eat on Monday nights.If you read one of the reviews below, someone complained it's not the entire menu, and there is an hour limit. Well, if you go to ANY sushi bar that also has an all you can eat option, there is always an hour limit and a limited menu. If you love roles, this is the place to go. If you prefer traditional sushi, this may not be the place for you. Sushi Tachi just up the street at Centennial/Simmons by the Gold's gym has an all you can eat (limit 1 hr, and limited menu), that is good for nigiri type sushi (piece of fish on top of rice).
5	This place serves the best Sushi!  The service is great also.
5	If you like nigiri and plain rolls, don't go to Sushi Wow. Since they are Korean owned, the rolls and flavors are spiced up and taste amazing, unlike traditional Japanese style sushi.For non-sushi eaters, there are the great bento-boxes Sushi Wow serves: the Korean BBQ ones is da bomb!A secret tip (if they have one available): order the hamachi collar! My favorite sushi is the Screaming O.Service is amazing and the owners know us by first name. Sushi wow also does take-out.
4	I love BENTO BOXES!!! Finally, a sushi place nearby.  Try something different with their sushi rolls. I remember one time I was a bit brave, and ordered their Sushi Lasagna. Glad I did because it was a nice concoction with cheese. Try it! Hopefully you'll agree with me. And sake-bombs...love 'em!!!
4	Good stuff. All you can eat was a good deal. Sushi was good. Rice was rolled nicely thin, so the rolls weren't mostly rice. Nice. My friends had bento boxes, and they dug them also. Good place.
4	This is some delicious sushi that is always fresh. If you are able to catch the happy hour or all you can eat nights, then you are in for a real treat. I haven't ever been let down, and I recommend i to anyone on the Northeast side of town.
4	Went here for lunch with my mom, we were the only ones in there.Both my mom and I ordered the lunch boxes. She got the salmon box which includes tempura shrimp and vegetables, rice, salad & 4 pieces of california rolls. I got the Saba Yaki (Mackerel) including the same items as my mom. Overall, the food was great! Both the salmon and mackerel could've been a bit bigger but I cant complain too much the service was great and the price is good as well. I would definitely recommend it and I'd go back as well!
3	My friend & I went here just to try because we weren't near any of our usual places that we go to for sushi. The sushi here really ain't bad, the service was ok. I've only tried the Spicy chicken bento & the All you can eat. The bento was alright, there was nothing really special about the chicken though other than being spicy. It just tasted like bottled sauce that they used. Their spider crab roll was pretty good, but that's probably because I love that roll overall. What I disliked about this place was what you couldn't order on the all you can eat menu. Most of the items that my friend & I wanted wasn't what we could get. The waiter wouldn't let us get sweet shrimp, oysters, etc. just those little items that you could usually get at any other sushi place. He even said ice cream wasn't on the menu for all you can eat. I just couldn't believe it. I must've made an impression on how their menu sucked because he gave me ice cream at the end of our meal. Compared to other sushi places when it comes to all you can eat, it just wasn't worth it to eat here again.
1	I've been here twice. The first time my two rolls took twenty minutes because the sushi chef could not tear his eyes away from the game. The second time, I could not eat my spicy tuna roll because the fish was bad, and had an awful flavor. (If you eat sushi, you know what a turn off bad raw fish is, it'll put you off sushi for a month). I thought I would be safe eating my other roll, but got sick anyway. No thanks.
5	Just celebrated my birthday at Sushi Wow and it was amazing. We had a party of 10 people and were taken care of promptly. Service was great, food was out of this world (as always)
4	Get there early. The rolls are tasty. if there's a crowd come back a different day. All You Can Eat for 2 with Sodas & Taxes(Boo!) cost around 57.00 to 60.00 bucks. I know that's plenty of Jumbo Jacks, but Sushi fans can't complain.
4	I was skeptical but after the first round of sushi came out I was sold. This place is a gem, we went back 2 days later! must try..
4	It was good. I liked it... AYCE for about $23 for dinner. The sushi chef was very nice and sushi was fresh and good. I loved their Ahi Poki and the nigiris were good too. At the end he told us about the fresh oyster they had in the back and we had to try it.. He wasn't lying, it was very fresh. I think we will be back...
4	My wife and I frequent here often and we really enjoy the all you can eat sushi for 23.99 per person and its really convenient because of its location ....right down the street from us =) well anyway I would recommend the dynamite and the Washington salmon and of course their garlic tuna ....in my opinion their garlic tuna nigeri(sp?) is to die for =)
1	I am sushi addicted and so is my husband. We are always looking for amazing sushi locations and this one is down the street from us. Since my last review we probably had been to this place another 10 times and even took friends - everything was good until....... I just don't know how a business can afford being so rude to their returning customers. I left this place yesterday shaking and so upset, I don't think any other business had ever treated us like this. As I said, we had been there almost twice a week in the last month. The first time we had lunch there, we paid $19.99 AYCE and everything was fine. There wasn't any separate lunch menu, they have this menu you can chose from. One of our favorite items on there was the Ahi Poki salad, which USED TO BE limited to one per person. Totally understandable. So everything was good until yesterday when we went there AGAIN for lunch. Our server was this new girl we hadn't ever seen there (she was saying she has been working there since a year). She gave us the "lunch menus" ... Ok the lunch menus were clearly new, since we were given the normal menu last time we were there for AYCE. Ok. no big deal, but the menu was very limited and our favorite Ahi Poki and the Jalapeno Poppers weren't on there. We decided we would pay the dinner price to be able to order from the other menu. She agreed. Then we ordered 2 ahi pokis, and then she says we can only order 1 Ahi Poki PER TABLE. WHAT???? We are both paying the AYCE price for dinner (at lunch) but we can order only one little poki.... and who eats it?? This rule is absolutely ridiculous. So lets say I'm there with my friends of 5 and we all pay for the AYCE but we can only order one little salad per table? ...with 5 spoons or what? REALLY? Who thought of this stupid rule? We told her that we have been there multiple times and this rule never applied. She wasn't even polite about it; she gets rude and says they have always had this rule. I ask for the manager, but he is supposedly not there. So I tell her its ok, we can go and spend our money somewhere else and leave. I find 2 of those Yelp Elite cards in the car and walk back to put them on the table. She takes them, follows me outside and throws them out at me. :-(
1	Well....where can I start.....my lovely wife and I went here for some more amazing sushi when our knees were cut out from beneath us as we walked in .......*sigh*We were presented with NEW lunch menus that were very disappointing....so my wife and I being addicted to ahi poke salads decided that we would just pay dinner prices so we could just get 1 each which is the restaurant policy but we already knew about it.So no big deal.....then they killed us by saying that even though you are paying for 2 all you can eat you can only get 1 ahi poke salad per table.........my wife and I knowing this to be false asked the sushi chef on duty and he also said that 1 ahi poke per table.We outraged by such senseless nonsense left.....the waitress had one of the worst attitudes I've ever experienced ......my wife left them you've been yelped cards and the waitress threw them out the door at her......VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.......a very sad experience since we love sushi and they are close......
3	I cannot believe this business. They are such a hit or miss with their service. And still they are so close to us and the food is so good, we keep going back. So since my last review we decided to give them another chance. We went back and the same girl was working there, this time she was the angel falling from heaven. Of course it is one Ahi Poki PER PERSON, and not how she told us the last time PER TABLE. I don't get it... And she was sooo nice, it was almost unreal. Food was good as always. Perfect. Then we went there one more time after that, there was some other girl. She had the worst attitude ever I have seen in a waitress. It was like she is purposely ignoring us.  Oh man, we were so frustrated. Really wish they would offer more consistent good service. I'm just so confused.
1	This place was horrible. The customer service was below average. We order AYCE and the waitress was telling the table not to order to much at a time cause it would take 20-30 minutes to get our food, but yet she said we only have an hour to eat. How can you offer AYCE and then limit the amount off food. Later in the evening we asked where the rest of our orders are and the sushi chef decide to start lying and yelling, saying that we never ordered anymore only to come back a few minutes later (mind you after they gave us dessert) and said he found the slip with our orders, but this was too late. Worst part of the whole thing is that I come to find out the next day that my friends got sick with what was most likely food poisoning. This was a major waste of money and I regret giving it a try.
4	My family and I have been going to Sushi Wow for several years, and I can honestly say that having been to numerous AYCE sushi joints in the Las Vegas area, I have yet to have a totally bad experience at Sushi Wow.  The place is small, and their menu maybe not as expansive as other AYCE sushi places, but the quality of the nigiri and rolls are good.  Although I haven't had a "bad" waitress here, their service is definitely hit or miss, especially with drink refills and such.  We did have one instance where the waitress tried to discourage us from ordering several rolls and orders of nigiri up front for the AYCE because she seemed to think it was "too much" for our table of 3 normal sized adults.  (3 rolls and several orders of nigiri per person.)  As frequent AYCE sushi patrons, we know pretty much exactly how much we can stuff ourselves silly with, and we know what we like.  After all, isn't that the point of AYCE sushi?  LOL  Anyways, our food came out fast and delicious like always.  I don't know, maybe it was just an off day for her or something, but it felt awkward and weird.All in all, the other 20-something times I have eaten or ordered takeout from here, it has been fine.  The Lisa Lisa and the Wow Wow Wow are my favorite rolls, and their Japanese Lasagna is my favorite out of all of the dozens of sushi places I have been too here in Vegas.
2	Really expensive for lunch. ive been somewhere better than here and cheaper for lunch. the food was good though i gotta admit just to expensive.i felt bad for our waitress, she was the only one for the whole resturant and she did good.
1	More like Sushi DuD! This place is horrible the customer service sucks! The atmosphere is BORING! The food is mediocre and over price. My family and I walked in and walked back out. My 5 year old was carrying a bottle water and we were advised that we can not bring outside drinks. Keep in mind it's only 100 degree outside and he was half way finish with his water.Of course, that turned us off and we decided to go up the street to our normal sushi spot! Now I understand why this place is always empty!
1	One star for the bitching of pouring Sierra Mist to your 2 year old baby's bottle. I can't share my drink with my kid? fu
4	One of my favorite sushi places in Vegas. I always go here so they start making my sushi as soon as I walk in. It's a small place but everyone here is friendly. Fresh fish, good variety and good service. Try Shawn's roll, Wow special, adios amigo from the AYCE menu. Not part of the AYCE: screaming orga$m.
1	I usually go durIng the week.  Love the sushI chef, but after braggIng and takIng frIends on a Sunday, never agaIn.  I was so embarrassed.  The owner is pushy and arrogant.  He changed the AYCE menu and eliminated items from lunch menu.  He constantly in the ten minutes we were there kept pushing us to pay dinner prices(an extra $4.00) for appetizers.  We paid for the two sodas that did not get touched.  I vowed that I would NEVER come back.  I rather drive 20 minutes from my home than the 7 it took me for great service.
1	If you are reading this to decide whether or not you want to go to eat here....I would definitely NOT recommend it....I just bought a bento box and I found a HAIR in my food...I brought this to the attention of the OWNER and he brushed me off....he said he could make me a new box....Now tell me why I would want another box of HAIR covered tempura.....I obviously declined that ridiculous offer and demanded my money back....HE LAUGHED IN MY FACE....saying that it was not possible......So if you are looking for a good sushi place DO NOT enter this establishment....You should instead go to Kaizen sushi because it has great service and does not serve HAIR COVERED FOOD.... If i could I would give them a negative five rating.....
4	After reading the reviews we were skeptical, but this was the only sushi place nearby so we decided to give it a try. It was actually surprisingly good. I'm pretty sure it is run by Koreans so there are a lot of Korean items on the menu...Which is a good thing if you like Korean BBQ. Almost the whole menu is available for the all-you-can-eat option so there are plenty of options.The first time we went with another couple. Our waiter was very friendly and suggested many things on the menu. At one point he was ordering things for us and we were pleasantly surprised when the items reached our table. The flavored sake was also very good. We couldn't help but say "wow" every time something was brought to our table.The other times we returned were not as exciting as the first but the food has been equally good. We haven't seen that same waiter. He might have been the owner. The waitress at our subsequent visits was not very friendly but I thought she was pleasant enough. Our food came out quickly and we were satisfied. My fave is still Sushi on Rainbow but to satisfy a sushi craving close to home, I would gladly chose this place.
4	Awesome place to get fresh, great-tasting, all-you-can eat sushi in North Las Vegas. The service is great and the guys behind the sushi bar are superb at their trade. The rolls are delicious and the sushi is always fresh. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a casual sushi lunch experience with friends.
1	Simply awful! We went in and were given a table that was still dirty. Then we were given sticky menus. Next we noticed the holes in the cushions and dirty floors as we waited for our waters. We got the waters and one of the glasses had lipstick on it from a previous customer. We told the waiter no thanks and left right away. Luckily there are several restaurants next door and  a far better sushi bar up the road a little so we did not go hungry. No offense to friends who swear by this place but I needed a shower and multiple hand washings after visiting this dump. I don't know if the food is any good but I sure wasn't going to risk obvious food poisoning to find out!
5	This is by far my favorite sushi place in town.  I absolutely love sushi, and I usually eat it once a week.  Sushi WOW is fantastic.  They always have fresh fish, and the sushi chefs are experts in their field making each roll fantastic.  The owner is very nice, and he will come out to greet me and spend some time talking to me to see how my week has been.  I usually like to get the all you can eat sushi option $23.99, and the garlic tuna is my favorite menu item.
1	Server took order wrong then tried blaming me saying I didn't tell her. Only  received 1 of the 3 item I ordered. Server finally came back to the table and asked if I was still waiting on something and I said yes the other 2 things I ordered I said it they hadn't started them I didn't want them I had already waited over 40 minutes and there was only 3 other tables in the restaurant. She tried saying I didn't order the fried rice I told her I did and she even repeated the order back to me. Then when I went to pay she tried to charge me for everything I said I never received those items and she said oh you didn't? Keep in mind the same person took my order told the cooks my order brought me 1 item of my food heard my complaints and still acted like I hadn't told her anything before. One of the other workers I believe the manager took over and told me my total. It seemed high so I asked for the receipt he handed it to me, I then pointed out he over charged me for one of my husbands items by 3$. Needless to say worse service ever and I will not go back.
1	Bad service and the place is duty. The chef have terrible attitude. And no Costumer service, never comeback. There is a better place for sushi around this area.This place is horrible! The worst customer service EVER!!! Wanted to order  and the chef declined in a very rude tone of voice and manner. On top of that he threatened to kill us because we walked out. NEVER going back! Make the drive to other areas in town to get better quality food and service. I'm only giving it one star because I have to. If I could, I would rate it negative stars.
1	Horrible service bad food
5	I've been coming here since they opened & I have found that this is the best place to get sushi in North Las Vegas. Must eats: Lisa Lisa, Dragon, Bulgoki bento, & so much more. They also just started a new special: Happy hour after 9pm, More than two ppl all you can eat (great for parties) which includes free beer/sake on first order. WOOP!
1	Sushi Wow is officially the worst sushi bar in town from a level of customer service. I used to love this place and lately I have had one bad experience after another. I have gone there several times and they weren't open for business even though their business hours are clearly posted on the front door. The owner has a shitty attitude especially toward customers who have been patronizing his business for a long time. If you want your business to improve, start with your attitude.Most sushi bars don;t have the best selection of wine but who goes to sushi bar looking for good wine right! I'll settle for a glass of wine that's not spoiled....SMH!!!!!!!!!!!! They poured me the last glass of wine they had which was obviously refrigerated weeks too long. I asked for another glass but like I said...IT WAS THE LAST OF THE WINE THEY HAD. On another visit, the sushi chef made me a roll that was amazing so I decided to order it again for lunch the following day until the owner informed me that he the check couldn't make that roll anymore. Shame on me for going back. They have these jalapeno poppers that are to die for so I figured that I would order to go. When I arrived to pick up the order, no greeting and was told that a side of Siracha was $1........ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1SO DONE WITH THIS PLACE. THEY WON'T GET A DIME OF MY MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AND HE WONDERS WHY HIS BUSINESS IS STRUGGLING.
1	My boyfriend and I used to come here all the time. We always referred friends to come here as well. Well, now that going to stop. We stumbled upon this place a few years ago because it was closer to home and the food was good and the owner was great. Well fast forward to now, this place sucks.Went out on a Saturday night for date night. Thought we'd come in and have a nice meal. No greeting when we walked in; It was busy, but no problem. Then it went down hill. It took 5 minutes before the waitress came to get our drink orders. Then she came back with menus, that stunk really bad as if they were wiped down with a dirty mildewed rag. We were there for AYCE. We ordered our food, the small stuff came out first an it was correct. Then we ordered a Hawaiian tuna roll (one of our faves), and it had the wrong sauce on it and they forgot the avocado (which it says in the menu that it's contained in the roll).  The next roll came out and I had no idea what it was. I just know that we didn't order it. We tell the waitress and then she continues starts to argue with me telling us what we ordered and what we did not. She even went as far to get the ticket that she wrote. She didn't even get our order right. She didn't even try to apologize and correct the mistake made, as most other places with decent customer service. I asked for the manager, and how convenient, he's out of town. After we left, we went through a drive thru fast good place, at least they had good customer service and get our order right.Needless to say, I will not be returning there, regardless of how close it is to my home.STAY AWAY!! THERE ARE BETTER PLACES TO GO.
1	HORRENDOUS SERVICE-Server did not introduce herself.-Server AND sushi chef forced AYCE on me. The server told me anything can be ordered. She did not mention any limitations on the menu. After trying to order a second round of oysters, she went to the back only to come out to tell me that I can't have a second order. I THOUGHT THIS WAS AYCE?  I do not expect much from AYCE, but if you're going to force it on a customer you should at least inform the customer of what they are limited to. -Server needs to be trained. No uni, live sweet shrimp, halibut, toro , and surf clams. I was not informed about the UNAVAILABLE ifems until some items arrived at my table, so It was too late to bail. Maybe, I felt too bad.  Maybe,  I was too nice to leave.  DISTASTEFUL FOOD-Cucumber salad,  bitter and huge, trying to fill me up??-Sweet shrimp, seemed like it was drenched I'm mayo of some sort with green chives topped on it. Why would you ruin sweet shrimp like that? -Uni,  I don't know.  You're daily special board states uni,  but apparently you don't have any. -Halibut, I don't know. There was none left,  kill me more-Salmon, you know when fish is good when you see your bite marks on it. This was not the case.  It was chewy and hard to eat.  -Scallop, gross!! Just like the sweet shrimp,  it was covered in mayo of some sort.  I just threw up in my mouth. -Spicy tuna roll,  dry, cucumbers looked old. How do you mess up on spicy tuna rolls ): Fatty tuna (toro)- I don't know,  it was unavailable.  Please kill me in my afterlife.-Octopus, always the same to me-Hot green tea,  the gave me lukewarm tea ):-Green tea ice cream, bland. Even my dessert sucked. The server looked sweet, but her service was horrible.  I even wrote on my receipt "HORRIBLE,  TRAIN YOUR SERVER."  Poor service reflects management, right?  Maybe, it's not her fault, BUT I'm still pissed. The owners/managers need to step it up.  THERE IS NOTHING WORSE THAN BAD SUSHI.  I AM UPSET. I WANT MY $30 BACK.  JUST FIVE MORE DOLLARS AND I COULD HAVE HAD OMAKASE AT OSHIMA.  THIS PLACE NEEDS TO BE SHUT DOWN.  IT'S CUSTOMER ABUSE. JUST LIKE MARU SUSHI IN CALIFORNIA.
5	I have eaten here with my family numerous times and the sushi is excellent. The one thing is they don't rush you and there is no time limit. The best bet is all you can eat sushi it's more than just sushi
1	I'm giving this place 1 star because I just walked in with my mother n daughter asked for the all-u-can eat and the waiter says "make sure you cannot share anything"...no shit Sherlock....
1	Had dinner there 3/23/14 with some my family members & the food was not good. My cousin order a screaming orgasum sushi roll a got salad version of what he ordered. So he talk to the owner who was drinking( beer) at the counter area  an the owner him self did not have any costumer edict in response to my cousins complaint. An the waiter him self did not have no edict at all through out the night.
1	This place has worst customer service. The owner had terrible attitude. With this level of service, this place will soon close out any time. After hearing the complaint about this restaurant from us, my neighbors all agreed that this restaurant  has had the horrible service. They hadn't visited this restaurant for a while even it is a few blocks from them. This restaurant now becomes very popular in town in term of bad service. If any one wants to experience bad service, mean talking waiter, then go here to see it yourself. Otherwise, I suggest to stay away from this restaurant, it will ruin your day as soon as you step in this place.
1	This place seemed great at first, but dont think ill be coming here again they know when u walk in with a group of 5+ they will be tipped 18% which is ok but they will screw up ur order and get lazy with everything, dont know if the staff is new but they totally forgot, not 1 but 2 orders of ours, one of my party members didnt get to eat it and one order was late, they didnt refill our drinks at all.
1	The worst service and waste of money spent!  Should have walked out and not paid at all.  All you can eat is great if can actually get it served to your table.  Sat for very long period of time with no food or care from the waiter.  Will not return.
1	I would give this place no star if it was possible.. the service is horrible, not friendly at all and they take forever to serve your food. Not only that after I made a payment with my credit card, they went ahead and they change the price to give himself a bigger tip after they didn't do shit.
1	Some douche at the bar who I am assuming is the manager or owner, refused to help us and began yelling at my mother!! The Philly roll was off, the salmon was sour and a dark dingy brownish color instead of the natural pink color. We simply asked to have the roll replaced (after we tasted the roll a few times to be sure it wasn't just that piece) and got attacked! I feel sick to my stomach and have a 10 hour drive ahead of me tomorrow. If I get food poisoning I will raise some hell.  Have been here multiple times and always loved it- even took my friends from out of town here. The service is always extremely slow, but we have dealt with it. The amount of attitude and rudeness we received today was completely uncalled for. The douche even said 'I have a problem with you!' Excuse me??! We were so close to just leaving but paid for the food we had eaten and left. I will never go back to this place again, and I advise against you ever wasting your money here. I never write reviews, but rely heavily on their input so I decided this was a time worthy of one. Take my advice and don't step foot in this place! Rotten sushi and bad customer service ain't nobody got time for that.
5	Best sushi around! Great service and delicious food. My son and I eat there at least once a week, yum!!
1	Worst ever sushi place in Las Vegas and I been to a lot of them. Will never come back to this place ever. Food and service sucks b....ls.
5	The baked rolls were delicious. Happy hour is from 12-3pm and all sushi rolls are half off. Great deal! Got 5 rolls and green tea tempura ice cream for only 27 dollars. Fed 2 of us and still had some left overs. Love the tempura roll and the Japanese lasagna. Our waitress was really nice as well. Very accommodating.
3	This place is pretty damn good. I've been going here ever since I moved here from San Diego in 2013, and they have the best sushi. I love their baked sushi the most! I would give them 5 stars, but... I think they recently hired a new chef and may have gotten rid of their old chefs. Their new chef is not as good, and I did not feel as pleased as I used to be. But still, they've got awesome raw sushi that's extremely appetizing still. I recommend getting the all you can eat instead of buying one plate if you're down to save some money and get your mega grub on. The servers are sweet and are always on top of their game when it comes to refills and clearing the tables. I may not go here as often as I used to because of the new chef, but it is worth it to come here at least a couple times.
5	We love this place. The sushi is fresh and insanely tasty. The ayce $23.95 lunch $24.95 dinner is wonderful. It's small and quant and they have a good selection of beer and wines too. Plentiful meals, in a dim lit atmosphere to really set the mood.
