5	Rush Espresso is in the former "Dilworth Coffee" location in Ballantyne Village. They've given the space a more modern look since Dilworth Coffee moved out.They give you the option of either having your coffee drink in a mug (if you're staying there to enjoy) or in the now traditional to all coffee purveyors, the cardboard cup. I personally enjoy being able to get my coffee in a mug since it seems a lot less common at most coffee shops.In terms of the actual coffee, they use "illy" coffee and of the half dozen visits I've had to "Rush Espresso", the coffee has been great!I'd definitely recommend them.
4	Went there today for breakfast. Got the espresso in a mug, very good. Also, got the eggs benedict panini and pancakes. The panini was delicious and I would definitely recommend that. The pancakes were just okay. If you are not sure about what to get go with the panini. Haven't tried the place out at night but will definitely be going back.
5	Rush Espresso is our new "go to" coffee hang in Ballantyne Village. Paul pulls a fantastic espresso, or any other drink you want to order. The atmosphere is modern and chic, and a cyclists dream hangout. In addition to coffee, their panini sandwiches are delicious, and the Australian Sticky Cake is to die for as a late night dessert. If you're tired of the suburban Starbucks and you wish you could get better coffee in a place with a more authentic, European feel, I highly recommend Rush. And if you walk by and see Paul back there making the drinks, you owe it to yourself to go in and try a latte. His are the absolute best you'll ever try!
5	Basics first: coffee is good, speciality drinks are good, bakery items are GOOD (give the espresso muffin a try -- thank me later).  Beyond the basics, I love this spot because the atmosphere is great. The staff is always upbeat and helpful, guests are all very polite and generally interacting.  What actually keeps me coming back beyond all that is how amazingly the environment is conducive to productivity.  Every time i go in there I plow through work that I have been putting off.   Caffeine + wifi + upbeat environment ...  adds up to something I can get into.
5	Looking for a traditional European Cafe complete with the accent then stop by rush espresso located in Ballentyne.The shop has a cycling theme and gasp the Tour De France was playing on the tv. I almost fell over at the mere sight. Not common in Charlotte trust me. This place won me over the minute I stepped in the door. Not the mention the Aussie accent when the coffee is served. Now on the the more important things yes the coffee. This is the best place so far I have been to for coffee. The cold press is smooth and non-bitter as iced coffee should be and the hot coffee is perfectly prepared. I should mention happy hour is from 2 PM to 4 PM where you can get the Java jolt of your choice for half price! That gives me an excuse to sneak out of work and head over to Rush for a quick afternoon break. I have not sampled the foodies but I can say the coffee is awesome. I am a coffee snob and none of the shops I have been to have stacked up to this place. As far as the atmosphere goes the servers are pleasant and you get the periodic how is everything are you satisfied Mate? There is a modern decor similar to some of the shops I have frequented in Europe. I just wish they had those little Italian pastries to complete the package. The only downfall I can see is that they are located in Ballentyne and not close to where I live bummer. Otherwise I would become a permanent fixture similar to the time trial bike hanging in the shop! Oh well guess I can't have good coffee and a close location to where I live. Sigh...
5	I've walked by Rush a bunch of times, had some great passion fruit iced tea, but tonight, finally tried out the food menu, and I just may have a new favorite panini!The Perth Panini (named Perth, inspired by Australian owner, Paul) is innovative and different, and although has no meat, would be great for carnivores and vegs alike.  The cibatta is soft and fresh, and inside, a layer of grilled sweet potato, caramelized onions, spinach, zucchini, red peppers, and HALOUMI CHEESE! Love me some Haloumi! (you know, the Greek cheese that usually is served flaming?)  Paul said most of his customers didn't know what it was, but once they have it, love it. I also got a side salad for $3 which was a nice size.  It had feta cheese, yellow bell peppers, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes and red onion.  No heavy dressing-- really refreshing with the panini. When the woman behind the counter told me their desserts are all made in-house, I bought 3 mini cheesecakes (before you think I'm a pig, know these are about the size of a Sacajawea coin) for $1, and a mini cream-filled carrot cake.  The cheesecakes were super rich and yummy, just the right size, and the carrot cake was moist and not too sweet. TIP:  Get a frequent buyer card. After 9 coffees, your 10th is free.  The setting too is modern and inviting-- the owner's wife is also super nice, and makes you feel welcome. Love the Australian touches, like the Australian Meat Pie on the specials board, and the European drinks, like the affogato. (They use Illy coffee so it's gotta be good.) Can't wait to go back and try them!
5	Nicely laid out place, feels very Euro. The staff (two of which I believe were the owners) were very friendly, as were the rest of the employees. Made me feel very welcome. I had a macchiato which was very good, then a Panini. The panini had lots of flavor and was a good deal at $7. Wifi speeds were solid (used the Ballantyne Village hotspot) and the outdoor seating was nice. Can't wait to go back here, excellent all-around experience.
5	The owners of Rush Espresso have definitely set a new standard with cafes in the south. When you walk through the door you immediately feel the contemporary European vibe, which is heightened by the superb customer service and friendly atmosphere. The coffees are rich and smooth and custom made to your preference. The sandwiches/meals are made fresh to order with only the best ingredients.. My top (4) list:1. The Muesli2. The Perth3. The Darwin4. The Fresh StartIf you are looking for somewhere to relax and socialize, then give Rush a try!!
5	Awesome place. I like a good coffee and starbucks is not the place to get one. I was recently visiting Charlotte and stopped in to have a coffee and use the WiFi to plan my day. The vibe is great here! The staff is pleasant and friendly in a great way. Everybody new my name within minutes and that was something they practiced with everybody that came in. The Music is hip and cool but not blaring and distracting. They have a great food menu too. Had I known I would have had breakfast here, Most important my medium decaf late was delicious. Big props and I highly recommend this place.
5	This coffee is delic. It's smooth, robust and tasty which we cannot say for the major coffee joints around town. The staff is friendly, approachable, efficient and it's a joy to swing by there. I recently ordered a small drink and they upgraded it for free just bc they are snazzy and nice. It's especially fun to stop by there to get coffee before catching a flick at the ballantyne theater. I recommend this place wholeheartedly!
5	As a regular since the opening of Rush I have to say it just keeps getting better and better!  The owners are always so nice to see, as well as the staff.  The owners really know how to add-on to the beginning idea of an espresso cafe into a breakfast, lunch and after dinner locale.  The eggs benedict and perth panini are my favorite!  The coffee and tea is leaps and bounds better in quality than any Starbucks or Caribou Coffee junk.  I always recommend this place to my friends, go now!
5	Service is beyond the charts and the coffee is great too!!!  I have never been to a coffee shop like this where they actually come over and ask you if you liked your drink!  WOW, will be back often!!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to Rush, and I'm sure it won't be my last. With Adam R's affinity (addiction?) to coffee and that fact that he now works in the area, I imagine I'll be returning.With Charlotte awash in restaurants and coffee shops that revel in their French coffees, a place that specializes in Italian coffees is a fresh change. While Rush very clearly advertises that they use Illy coffees and machines (a well-established provider of Italian coffees and espresso machines), they are still a locally owned, private business - don't let the branding fool you, it's an original.The coffee is pretty dang awesome. It's light and has just the right touch of bitterness. You can see the owners' little hints of their native Australia mixed into the menu - all of which seems like a pretty good value and branches out beyond just the traditional baked sweets. The names of the menu items are straight-forward and very easy to order.The interior is very sleek and trendy-modern with lots of stainless steel and bold colors. The patio is spacious with at least as many tables outside as inside.  Can't wait to try them again!
2	I don't know if I am being picky about my coffee or if it actually is pretty mediocre. Either way it just wasn't working for me.I'm going to say Rush was a last minute resort after finding out Terrace Cafe nearby had a 25 minute wait for lunch. No thanks we're on a 1 hour timetable and we've already used at least 15 minutes of it looking for a parking space. Along with weird way it's set up where you need to turn onto the street after making a round through the parking lot. For a fun game, see how many Ron Paul 2012 stickers you can spot while trying to find a spot!The inside is sleek and modern looking, cool I guess. I really prefer warm tones to go with warm coffee and food but that's just me and you can't judge on appearances! The baristas here are friendly and patient while we figured out what to order thanks for that. I settled on a ham and cheese croissant, that was a total disappointment though I probably should've known better when I saw Swiss cheese paired with a croissant. Not exactly my favorite cheese to pair with a croissant but I figured it would be okay. It wasn't. The croissant tasted to me like something you'd buy in bulk at a grocery store toasted up a little and then pressed like a panini so as to kill the airy light butteryness that is a croissant. Ham tasted decent though! I understand that it is primarily a cafe so I decided to get a single macchiato. It was disappointing as well. When I order a single shot of espresso I don't really expect it to come in a huge cup warm and rapidly cooling. No big deal lets test it out anyways. Blech, I didn't realize this but it is possible to have an extremely mild watery tasting espresso shot. I'm not sure about what type of beans they use but it just tasted like a regular coffee to me. At only $2 it's very reasonably priced though!Return trips? Maybe for the desserts. The staff was genuinely nice and all, I just think the food and coffee is meh. There are better choices around town for a sandwich and for coffee as well.
5	Having moved across town from ballantyne to southpark I found myself driving over for the perfect cappuccino more than twice weekly since discovering this gem. The illy coffee is brewed to perfection and i can no longer stomach a starbucks coffee after tasting time and time again the delicious brew at Rush. The owners are so friendly and I love the cycling decor he has up in the shop. I'm only hoping that a second shop will open up in the future so I can get it daily,
4	Went to Rush a few months ago... My dad stumbled on it and is loyal! Great coffe selection and breakfast is surprisingly delish! Eggs bene and make sure to try the spinach feta balls.. Amazing!  We go for weekend breakfast... A quick ham and cheese croissant for lunch... And late afternoon coffee with sweets! Yum! The Aussie owner makes it a point to remember customers.. Great casual place!
5	Great little coffee place that isn't *bux. Been here several times for Lattes and even grabbed a sandwich when I needed a quick lunch. Their sandwiches, chicken salad, and other food selections always look good, but I simply haven't sampled them.I find the decor to be a little sparse and cold for my tastes, but the owner, service, and atmosphere are anything but coldGood coffee and good, friendly service. What more do you want?
3	I came here to catch up with a friend and am itching to give this place a 2/5.  We ordered our drinks and waited 20 minutes before I had to get up and ask for an order update.  Turns out a table behind us (full of teenagers) took our drinks thinking that it was theirs.  After having to show our receipt to the barnista (since they did not believe we had to wait that long), we ended up waiting another 7-10 minutes for them to remake the drinks.Rush's redemption was their extremely nice owner (whom I only saw passing through the shop- gleaming at customers).  Apparently there is a story behind this place and until you come to understand this shop's impact to the community, it'll look and taste like every other coffee shop out there.  My friend redeemed this joint telling me about what all Rush does for Forest Hill church every Sunday morning and how this place is the local refuge for bicyclists and nearby bike events.Thank you for all you do for the community!  Please keep an eye on those order-stealing-teens.  Thanks.
4	There is a glint of hope for south Charlotte! A non-chain coffee shop! We're saved! This place has great ownership. I've met them before, but can't remember their names. Pretty sure one guy is from Australia and boy is he friendly!This place serves some high-end product. They recently switched from only selling blends from illy coffee (one of my favorites of the commercial world) to a more recent brand called LavAzza. Pretty good stuff. On occasion, I've even seen a bit of latte art come out of Rush! Not sure who the baristas are, but some of them can actually make you something special. Nice to see in yuppyville. It's so nice to see some baristas who can actually tamp, pull and pour a decent espresso in south Charlotte. These places are few and far between from Ballantyne to Uptown. Definitely worth asking for something daring, folks. Step away from your cozy and boring triple shot, venti frappucino. Or whatever. This place knows how to make you a cafe latte. Definitely worth venturing and trying some of their teas as well. They carry a great brand of bright and flavorful teas to choose from. The vibe inside is a little pretentious but that's a bit expected. It's a little too clean and overrun with non-hipsters. Can't be too choosy, though. It is Ballantyne after all. If you're in the Ballantyne area, support this local business rather than one of the larger chains. Definitely worth the coin and much more love goes into their beverages. Get to know the owners as well! They have great stories. Thanks for existing, Rush. Glad to have a place like this in our neck of the woods.
5	Rush Espresso is a Fantastic Coffee Shop. Superior to Starbucks. The Specialty Drinks are off the Chart's. From what I have tried, the Croissant and Chicken Salad are Delicious!  I have always been extremely happy with the service, the atmosphere and the coffee drinks. The owner's and staff are very friendly and welcoming.
4	Lavazza coffee (no more illy) was excellent with my eggs benedict and homefry cakes  - which by the way were loaded with feta, onions and spinach. A little pricey but would do it all over again.
5	Went here for a cup of coffee after reading rave reviews on Yelp and I was not disappointed in the slightest. I love espresso and Rush's was the best Americano I think I've ever had. I liked the decor and searing options. The padded benches and low picnic tables are definitely great for a group of friends though. Maybe a board game or two? I'm only in Charlotte for another month but I'll definitely be back.
4	I go here often because my friends like it. Good prices and great food selection.The Strawberry smoothie was too much milk, not enough berry. I've purchased 2 other coffee drinks but I can't remember what they were... The tea needs an upgrade, PG Tips would be my suggestion. Nice presentation on everything.
4	First two shots at a Cuban with an Italian!  The Owner (Wife) made for me two different versions (two techniques) for a Cuban Espresso.My description is that the flavor was more complex than most.  Unsweetened it grabbed my attention!  Sweetened I almost fell in love, which would have been easy to do with the crowd of cools in this place and the Espresso was real good too!  It is still Italian ..."illy" is GONE... LavAzza is here now and I could not tell a difference because I did not drink enough "illy" before!This place makes it look REAL Easy to get on my "Lookalota" list!  I have been here Late, Early and In Between - This place is NEVER amiss for who I'm talking about and talking to... Maybe my heart will Break... I'll RISK it!  With plenty of outdoor seating and a Cool Modern Interior, it is plenty Romantic and fun even if I'm alone!My friend asked:  Who drinks Coffee at 9:00pm, and on Tuesday Night?  We were in this almost full shop at closing time!  Some places make it easier to fall in Love.
5	Chai Latte is the best item on this. The service is great and it's so nice to sit outside. Great place, friendly service. Had most of their teas, which I really enjoyed, but will particularly recommend Fruit de la Passion. Owner is very friendly and originally from Australia. Highly recommended. Great place.Parking is very easy.
5	Me and my boyfriend dig this place! On an average, we go here 7 days a week, sometimes twice a day! In winter I was hooked onto their mint mocha. I also love the Fruit de la Passion tea that my boyfriend orders, which has a very pleasant Passion Fruit favor (I never order herbal teas at cafes myself, but steal my boyfriend's all the time).I particularly love their chai though, Vanilla more than the Spiced. I always order them with 2% milk so they froth more. This place is just amazing! And it is a lot of fun to sit outside, watching the life at Ballantyne Village.The servers as well as the owner are very sweet and friendly too!
2	I didn't like this Ballantyne coffee shop while my boyfriend was pleased. I think the difference in experience rests in the dessert choice.  We were looking for an inexpensive outing so we picked out a well Yelp reviewed coffee shop.  The ambiance was nice, a little trendy but European.  My boyfriend ordered the coffee, which he said was incredible, and the lava cake. I tasted it and it was delightful.  I ordered a medium hot English Breakfast tea and the last lemon bar. My medium cup of tea was served in a small coffee cup. I felt taken advantage of. Then I tasted the lemon bar.  It was waxy. There was no sharp bite of lemon or flaky shortbread crust.  Again, I felt cheated.  Altogether we spent almost $20 on what should have topped out at $10.
5	Everything a good coffee shop should be. Good espresso and eats! Was skeptical it could stand up to supposedly "world class offering in Boston, New York, and Portland on a recent vacation and Rush surprised us as the winner.  Glad to have it for our local pusher.
4	When Dilworth Coffee closed and Rush opened, I admit, I was a little turned off.  I spent almost every day working from there, hosting meeings and chatting with their staff. After giving Rush a fair chance, I was very pleasantly surprised.  The spot got a complete makeover and is now a European, trendy vibe.  The layout is much more conducive to meetings and getting together with friends and the seating is comfortable and stylish.  I would say that Rush is a little pricier but the quality of the food and coffee is definitely worth it.  I'm very glad to see a locally owned coffee shop again rise in Ballantyne!  Paul, the owner, is incredible - Such a personality and is truly grateful for his customers.  He may be running in and out but he always takes a moment to say hello to his customers and thank them for their business.  I give it 4 stars because the barista's are not as friendly.  I'm notorious for going into a new place and asking what servers, barista's etc., suggest and at Rush, I sometimes get a strange look for doing so. I have had wrong orders delivered a few times. I think those are kinks that will work themselves out but all in all, I'm a proud regular!
5	Great spot, great coffee, great food.  My favs are the Americano, best in town and the breakfast panini.  Great way to get the day going.   Paul and Jenny run a great business make sure you stop by to support a great local shop!
4	Rush is my go-to coffee spot when I'm at the office and can get away for a little while. When you walk in, you immediately notice the modern, European aesthetic: lots of sleek black and metal accented by splashes of red. Most coffee shops tend toward the cozy, which is not a bad thing, but Rush's approach is welcome.Fortunately, the coffee is high-quality as well (and also European). I have to admit, I didn't really care for the brew when they were serving Illy, but LaVazza is a much better label according to my taste buds. Two more things I appreciate about Rush: the loyalty punch-cards and the fact that the owner remembers my name, even though I am sure he has customers who are much more frequent visitors than I.If you're in Ballantyne, Rush should be high on your list of coffee options.
5	Best coffee, atmosphere, service, and value for coffee in South Charlotte. Go for happy hour while they still have it. Tables are not super-comfy like in Panera, but that's the point! Sleek, trendy... You'll forget you are in Suburbia within minutes.
5	The chef is the best in town and you should really go here for the best coffee around. Paul the owner is the friendliest cafe owner in Charlotte. Try the Aussie Meat Pies. They rock.
5	Chain coffee shops seem to be running rampant these days.  It's always refreshing to walk into one that is unique, has it's own style, ample seating, friendly, helpful staff and a good selection on the menu.Since I had just left dinner, I only had a drink, but it was FAB-U-LOUS.  If you like iced coffee, give a try to the Hazelnut Choc Martini....sooooo good.  seriously.The desserts and menu items look great, but I can't give a review on them other than appearance, however, i do believe the mini-quiche lorraine is calling my name....o darn....i suppose i'll have to go back there for breakfast/brunch and dessert sometime, :).....and another rousing round of hazelnut choc martini.
5	Great little coffee shop in the Ballantyne area. I went to today with my wife and we enjoyed great coffee there. I ordered a latte and my wife ordered a mocha and it was done very good. I wanted a medium but the barista brought me a small and due to the mistake he gave us coupons for free coffee next time. So we will definitely go back and will try the food next time. Love that they serve Lavazza!
5	I have been a regular here during the week since August and would never go anywhere else for my morning coffee. Their latte is second to none. The atmosphere is very inviting and clean. Paul, the owner, is one of the friendliest people I've met and he is often the one making your coffee. If you make it for breakfast, I recommend the breakfast panini, it's a favorite of mine and my girlfriends.
3	There are a number of good things about this place but my last visit left a bad taste in my mouth. The drinks are good but decidedly small. Although the menu says the size of a large drink is 16 oz the actual size is actually probably half that if you get it "for here". The "to go" sizes are closer to the menu but still don't match. Make sure you look at the sample cup/glass sizes in front of the register, rather than the menu, to tell what you're getting. Had the barista acknowledged this when I asked about the discrepancy, I'd probably feel better about my experience right now. But he didn't ... Nonetheless, I'll probably return here at some point because it's one of the few coffee houses in the area that isn't Starbucks. I'll just be more strategic in my approach to ordering!
5	Wouldn't you like to grab a nice cup of coffee or tea in a warm, cozy neighborhood coffee shop while either reading today's newspaper or chatting away with your friends or family, or simply just taking in the atmosphere? This is where you can do just that! I've only tried a handful drinks from here, but the spicy chai tea latte with almond milk is what I LOVE so far.  Wife loves the pecan chocolate chunk square.They do serve sandwiches and some other food items, but I am yet to try them. Will provide an updated review once I've done so.
4	This is my first Yelp review and my first time at Rush espresso. This quaint little coffee shop was the perfect relaxed atmosphere for a business meeting. I had The Vert a la Menthe and if you are in the mood for a nice green tea, definitely don't miss this one! Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Ballantyne.
5	I was visiting from out of town and couldn't believe my luck to find a coffee shop that has not only good coffee but almond milk! Add to this amazing find, they also had gluten free bread. I swear I died and went to heaven. I visited often while in town and found the staff friendly and helpful and loved hanging out here.
5	I am always looking for new and interesting places to get work done. After reading several reviews I decided to give this place a try. I arrived at around 3pm on a Saturday and the place was moderately filled. No mothers with strollers or excessive little children running around typical of many coffee houses today.  I walked in and was not greeted by a sudden feeling of euphoria, but I do love the way they designed this place. I ordered the Australian Meat Pie with the pasta salad. SUPERB!!! I will definitely be back and hope to finally meet the owner who seems pretty easy on the eyes. I definitely recommend.
5	This is my first review so here goes. I really love this place. The prices are reasonable, and every drink and food item I have had has been amazing. (Iced coffee and pancakes during breakfast are my favorite.) You can order to go if on a time schedule but stick around if you can. The service is wonderful and the staff is friendly. The owner, Paul, converses with the customers and will also be the first to get behind the counter and help when it gets extra busy, which I admire as not all owners will get their hands dirty, so to speak. There is outdoor seating available and I enjoy sitting outside as well as inside. There is a wide variety of foods to choose from and I have yet to try all the things that look good. Whether you want a meal or pastry with your coffee (or smoothie) they have you covered. I also really love that it is a local place. The atmosphere is very modern yet cozy and not too loud. There are plug ins scattered around for those who want to get some work done on a laptop or tablet. I always feel like I belong there and I love the experiences I have had, so definitely give it a try!
5	Excellent coffee and the couple of food items I've tried are good too. The Sydney panini tasted very fresh. Nicely presented. Unpretentious. Friendly barista & staff. I think the owner is onto something here with his approach. Refreshing in the world of corporate chain franchises. Hopefully there will be enough business to sustain unlike all the other businesses that come and go in the Ballantine village. Best coffee in charlotte in my opinion. Support Paul and hit rush next time you want a bite or a good cuppa joe.
2	The experience I had was such a shame. I went in with a friend and while trying to decide what to order asked the young man on the register if they could do Cortado's (a shot of espresso with a little milk). He asked his female coworker (looked like she was the cook) if she could do a cortado and she said yes. The young man started entering an item into the register, to which I said, "hang on, I'm still deciding." He than recommended I try a latte so I went with his suggestion. My friend ordered food and I even said at the register that I was sorry to make her eat alone. When they brought out my friend's food, they also brought out a frittata. We said we hadn't ordered that and the guy took it back. A minute later the female cook came out and asked in an aggressive tone if I just didn't like the frittata or decided I didn't want it. I was confused and said I'd never ordered it. She said "Didn't you ask about the frittata?" I wasn't sure why I was being questioned when I had just said that I didn't order a frittata and no, never even asked about it. She was obviously annoyed as she took it back.My friend and I were both kind of taken back by the experience. Some time later, I realized they must have misheard me when I'd asked for a cortado. I went to the counter and told the gentlemen that that was the case thinking it would bring some clarity to the confusion. He corrected my pronunciation of how I was saying cortado (by calling it a cortadito - which is another drink but who's counting) but said nothing else. No, "sorry about our miscommunication", "that was our fault", "sorry for charging your friend for a meal she didn't order", nothing. Just the same look of annoyance we got from the female employee.Maybe I'm expecting too much from coffee shop employees but the place really did seem to be about more than that. The food presentations looked like they did have some real passion for what they were doing, much more so than a normal coffee shop. Maybe that's why it was such a disappointment to leave feeling like I'd been accused by the staff for what was their error. It's unfortunate that the customer service was so bad when the coffee was good and the food did look great. Luckily, I can get great coffee and great food plus customer service that doesn't leave me feeling confused at a number of other places.
4	I have now been here twice... Rush Espresso came very highly recommended and I now know why!! I came here on a Sunday morning and the girl working there was super nice and the coffee she made me was amazing!! Blows Starbuck's out of the water!! I could have drank 3 more rather than the 1 I limited myself to lol.  I came back in a few days later after work. They do close at 6pm and it was probably around 530-540ish when I walked in . They had already closed the kitchen so I couldn't try anything there and the guy working didn't seem thrilled about having to make me a drink.  It definitely was not as good as my first one, and he forgot the Hazelnut that I asked for. It was still good but I was disappointed. I know it's because he was in a hurry and wanted to finish cleaning up so they could close up (even thought there were many people still sitting in the store). I will obviously be back again and hope to get the girl I had previously :-)  All in all I recommend this place highly. Everyone raves about the food and the sweets that they have there and their coffee is a really great quality and tastes fantastic!!
4	Great place to feed your caffeine addiction. Quality coffee, lattes, and tea. The menu is limited. I ordered the chicken salad. Not bad at all, but the sandwich was thrown together and the chips were from the bottom of the bag (crumbled and smashed! Gheez! just open a new bag). The dessert, though a good variety, looked old and stale. There were at least 2 flies on the chocolate croissants. The location is pleasing as you can take a moment to walk over to TCBY or Mellow Mushroom. Also the movie theater is upstairs if you prefer.
4	Rush espresso is a cool place to hang out when you want to get out of the office and get some work done offsite.  With free Wi-Fi and plenty of seating, this may be my new favorite place to work when I am escaping from the office.  They play cool music and thankfully it is not too loud.  They offer all sorts of coffee  and other drinks, sweets, and sandwiches.   On my visit today, I splurged and ordered a piece of coconut pound cake . Yum!    Can't wait to go back to try one of the breakfast or lunch offerings!
5	One of the best place for good coffee. The price are reasonable, and very friendly staff. The owner very good guy. Best time to go at Tour de France...
5	This place is perfect for a fancy little coffee and bakery item.  It could be a coffee on the go type place if you needed it to be.  But it is not your quick stop coffee/bagel shop.  (That's why Starbucks and Einstein Bros are across the street.) I love going here when I have a little bit of time and can hang out on the free wifi.  The atmosphere is cool and inviting.  The staff is always friendly, and Paul the owner is awesome.  I usually get a mocha and a croissant (any flavor).  They warm up the croissant for you, and the coffee is always beautiful and tasty!  I haven't ever had lunch here, but the salads and lunch items always look delicious.
5	Rush Espresso why have I waited so long to walk in?This place is fantastic! The people are great, love their accents, and they are genuinely happy to see you. It's happy and comfortable, quiet and relaxing. Latte's are great, desserts are better. I' ll be back soon and often.
5	This place is the real deal.  Great atmosphere, fun vibe.  Friendly staff.  Yummy food. Terrific presentation.  This is the ONLY place in Charlotte where I can get consistently good cappuccinos.  They serve Lavazza.  Need I say more?
5	The lattes are great!  They have a really cute menu for breakfast and lunch and a ton of drink choices.  They even do that cute thing on lattes and make the foam into an image which I always love.  The people are really nice and the ambiance is like a real coffee house/cafe not like Starbucks.  They don't pressure you to leave or anything and there are plugs for you to use if you decide to do work there.  This place is great :)
5	We had signature sandwich with a perfect blend of flavors and rustic bread and a fresh flaky quiche and the lattes and espresso were great!  Great place to stop before going to movie upstairs.
5	Friendly staff, excellent espresso. Free wifi and comfortable environment to sit for an hour or two sipping espresso. Good chai and lattes too, have not tried food but looks better than what you can find at the big coffee chains.
5	Almond Latte and the Light Start bfast entree. And the owner!!! A triple threat, folks. Favorite new coffee spot in CLT.
5	I love this place! Stopped going to Starbucks after I found out about this place.Also the happy hour rates, everything for half. You can't beat that. I think the timings are 2:00pm to 5:00pm.
1	Can we say slo-mo expresso? Very slow service with staff members who don't listen well or ask enough questions. Also very limited pastry selection for 11 am on a Sunday. Latte was pretty but mostly foam.
3	I love good Italian coffee and it's done well here. The owner is really nice and remembers your order fairly quickly which makes for great service!
5	Wow. Great atmosphere and so glad to see some bicycle memorabilia on the walls!!! First time here and will be back- staff super friendly and offered some recommendations. So glad to see a coffee house in Char-town. Will be back and can't wait to try the food!
4	I got a small vanilla chai tea latte to go. The cup was just the right size for me, and it was delicious. The only negative would be that it was $3 for such a small size.
5	Rush Espresso is fantastic! Love to support locally-owned, non-chain businesses so was very happy to discover this place. The front patio is lovely and the atmosphere is relaxed and casual. I ordered the sausage and tomato frittata and it was amazing... not to mention the out-of-this -world hash browns! They have the best spiced chai in the area and cinnamon rolls are to. die. for. I'm not a coffee drinker but my friend raves about the lattes and espresso. The staff is super nice, helpful and friendly.
5	Ate here for breakfast twice this week while visiting from out of town. The yogurt crunch and light start were both excellent. Also tried a latte and a chai latte. Both were phenomenal.
3	I went here with high expectations the place is located in Ballantyne Park a neat area.  The place had a nice coffee shop decor and nice.I ordered the Ham, egg and cheese on a Croissant it was pretty good nothing amazing but good. I also ordered a Caramel Latte which looked amazing when they brought it out.  So i took a sip and it was cold and also had no Caramel in it.  So I took it back and the guy said I think I gave your girlfriend yours (which he didn't). So he took it back and put Caramel in it and gave ti back to me.  I still could barely taste any Caramel in it but I wasnt going to take it back again.  I will try this place again and pray I don't get a COLD latte this time!!
4	Love to sit on the patio with their delicious lattes. The food is good too. Even my husband, who rarely says a restaurant is more than okay, was impressed by the fresh-baked bread.
5	This place is adorable. I am a coffee addict and especially love a good locally owned shop. I came in here early before class to grab a quick study session. There are probably ten to twelve tables but they do have a wonderful outdoor seating area that is a pretty decent size. They have great food and coffee (duh!)  I came in and had the power bagel. I think it was called that. Anyways it had ham, Swiss, avavado, tomato, spinach, an cream cheese. What a great way to start the morning! I have had coffee wise two different drinks. The vanilla latte which was so amazing. They serve their coffee drinks in clear glass glasses and do a beautiful little design on top of the foam. I have also had the chai tea latte. I found the chai tea to be a little more sweet than I typically like it so I didn't finish it. They have a choice of vanilla spice or regular spice and maybe I had the vanilla. The location is great and seems to be convenient to everything!! Love this place and look forward to trying every drink they offer!
4	Went here looking for a place to get a coffee, some breakfast, and work for a couple of hours. Started off with a cappuccino and the "Power Rush", which is a bagel w/ham, avocado, and...other stuff I can't recall. Very happy with both orders. Ended up working a few hours, and having a cup of the green/mint tea, also good. Friendly staff, good seating, good vibe.
5	Their vanilla dirty chai was one of the best I've had; not watered down and bitter like you get at coffee shop chains. Also, the lemon poppy seed pound cake was divine. I'll be making this a regular stop when in Charlotte.
5	I've gone here countless times over the past year, and I have hardly been disappointed. The coffee is always wonderful (my favorite is chocolate hazelnut martini) and according to my sister the chai tea is the best she's ever had. If I lived closer, I would get a coffee from here everyday. I've eaten more breakfasts than lunches here, but it's great all the time. I do prefer the breakfast to the lunch, I feel like it is more expensive for lunch for the amount of food you get. Most of the time I get the eggs benedict, my eggs are always poached perfectly on top of ham and the hashbrowns, all over spinach which is my favorite touch. The fruit option as the side always has a great variety of different fruits, which I love! Finally, the owner is very charismatic and always greets his customers with a warm smile and converses with his regulars. A+ all around
5	We have a self appointed coffee connoisseur staying us from another country who loves a quality cappuccino. They tried Starbucks and were very disappointed. They then began the quest to find a quality coffee shop that could provide a great cappuccino. A few offered something decent but fell short.The quest ended when we found Rush espresso. We've been back 3 times and all three times they have delivered wonderful tasting cappuccinos with Italian cycling cafe styled decor.We haven't tried the food, but the coffee is great.
5	I've visited this place many times since moving to the South side and it's always been consistently great.  The food is excellent quality and the coffee is outstanding.  Also, the location and ambience is awesome.  Highly recommend.
5	Rush Espresso is a great place tucked into the Ballantyne Village. I feel like I'm in another great coffee house in Seattle. They serve such well made and exquisite coffee and tea. You can tell they take pride in what they do. This is the best coffee I've had in Charlotte.
5	The coffee was great, atmosphere was wonderful, and the staff was super friendly. I'd go back!
4	I love Rush Espresso.  When I came back to Charlotte after being gone for a year, I was very happy to see the business still open and seemingly doing quite well.  I visited the establishment every day while I was in town and the espresso drinks and breakfast was on par with just how I remembered it.  If I had one criticism of the espresso drinks at all it would be that the lattes really lack a discerning espresso flavor.  I really like a nice balance of sweet and espresso, and I detect more of a cream and sweet flavor when I drink my latte from Rush.  Maybe it's the barista making the drink, or perhaps it just the type of espresso used in the drink, but nonetheless, it's my two cents.  Having lodged this criticism, what I will say is that the flavor is consistent...  So they do have that going for them.  I would encourage everyone to support this coffee bar.  The owner is doing a hell of a job and I want it to stay around for my future visits to Charlotte.
5	I'm bummed that the parking situation could put this place at risk - they're lovely and the service is always above and beyond....
5	Amazing. Finally a coffee house that's not overpriced or pompous! The vibe here is cool, the owner rocks, and there are a ton of options!   From 3-4 the coffee is half price, so what's not to love!Deliciously well crafted drinks in an adorable part of ballantyne:)I highly recommend trying this adorable cafe!!
4	Rush rush get the espresso! Nice little coffee shop in Ballantyne village. The atmosphere is very relaxing and the staff is very friendly and inviting. I've only had the coffee and yogurt crunch but I look forward to returning and trying more of their breakfast options.
5	Great latte! I just tried their new uptown location in the Latta Arcade. Cool little Cafe. I got a nonfat latte. Generally I have to dump some sugar or more cream in it to enjoy (I'm not a huge coffee person, but still enjoy it), but I did nothing to their cup and it was awesome. Cool design art in the foam, the Barista knew what he was doing. They gave me the classic jab at Starbucks "we don't burn our beans" speech. Which is fine, even though I don't think Starbucks burns their coffee; it's just a different bold roasting process they go through. Anyways....  the coffee was great. Price was fine. Will be a regular when I want to stretch the legs and grab a cup of coffee at work.
5	Delicious consumables, comfortable atmosphere, reasonable prices. Highly recommended for coffee, a bacon and egg breakfast panini with spicy tomato relish,  and oatmeal reason cookie ($10).
5	Still love it. Still a regular. But wanted to add that the food is AMAZING. I had the Power Rush the other day for breakfast. Delicious. Avocado, cheese, turkey. I actually might go get one today... Continuing my Rush love affair.
5	This place has some of the best tasting coffee I've ever had anywhere. Period. They serve LavAzza and the latte's here are to die for!
5	This place has delicious coffee.  Their cappuccinos and lattes are perfect I would recommend ordering a large so because the mediums are kind of small.  The owner is from Australia and he seems to be very dedicated to his business
5	Not living or working in Ballantyne, I don't get by Rush often enough. But having been here a few times recently (twice in the last week alone!), I thought I should leave a glowing review.Almond Chai Latte - get it! You won't be disappointed. I finally found another coffee shop that makes them exactly the way I like them.I've been pleasantly surprised by the food options. The chef (can I call him that in a coffee house? I think he's earned the title) even stopped by my table to ask what I thought of the sundried tomato melt - I assured him it was delicious & proved it by ordering it the next time I visited.For a local shop with stellar coffee & food, I think the prices are reasonable. Parking at Ballantyne Village continues to be a hassle through no fault of the store owners. (Google the drama about the former BV owner who kept the parking lots & won't allow customers to park there... ) Rush has been busy, so I'm very happy to see customers supporting the stores there.If you're uptown, check out their new location in Latta Arcade. I haven't been by yet, but hope to trek a few city blocks from my office soon. I'm sure it will be worth it.
4	I always enjoy having coffee when it's not from the green lady people and Rush does an excellent double espresso. Just as good? The lemon cheese pastry with a side of sweetened cream cheese. Delicious!I sat here at Rush for about an hour and used a good amount of their wifi while drinking my coffee and eating that pastry. Mostly decent music played and there were several interesting conversations going on that kept me entertained.Cold morning, so the outside seats weren't occupied and there were still a couple of two-tops available inside. I liked this place!
5	I love it!! I love Lavazza and the food is great! This is one of the only places in south Charlotte that I have found that serves Lavazza Italian coffee. Simply the best.  Oh and try the meat pie. Something different but well worth the try. Breakfast is also great!
