4	Decent price, authentic and a chance of trying different thai desserts are what makes this place a gem in Vegas.  Screw finding a thai restaurant in the casinos, just take a hike towards Stratosphere and give them a try.  Their spicy prawn soup is nice and spicy and soury(sp?) and their curries are delicious.  If you're lucky they might have a sticky rice and mango serviing or two for you...order more than necessary cause its pretty cheap and really tasty.  Wait why are you reading this review?  Aren't you suppose to be going to vegas to gamble and party allll night long and wait in long lines for a seafood brunch buffet or something?
3	surprisingly this restaurant is on the strip, but its not boojie at all.  its actually located in a less ritzy area of the strip right across from the stratosphere.  its been one of my favorite holes in vegas for almost ten years.  i always recommend my friends to go there.  yeah, most thai restaurants have the same menu and this place has really good food all around.  but at this restaurant  the things to order are the jerky appetizer and the papaya salad.  the beef jerky has been sundried and then fried in oil.  its so sweet and so tender and so flavorful from one bite that you have to eat it with a lot of rice.  the green papaya salad is mixed  with fish sauce, garlic, and peppers.  you take a piece of cabbage and wrap some of the salad with a chunk of sweet rice for such a delightully crunchy, pungent, spicy bite.  i usually order just these two things.  but b/c of all the spice, i need to tame it down and quench my thirst with the thai ice tea, but this place has a secret size thats not on the menu.  just ask for the big thai ice tea, and they bring you out a huge soup bowl for takeout filled with that creamy sweet burnt orange (UT-Austin)  colored tea.  also, if you are looking for a nice romantic dinner, this is not the place.  its plain white and loud from the karaoke.
4	Ocha is awesome.  Ocha taught me a lot of things - mainly how to drink, but we won't get into that here.  Ocha taught me about Thai food, basically.  We went here one night about a decade ago because we heard tell that someone would let us sing karaoke.  So we showed up, and the entire restaurant was filled with Thai people.  Yes, there was karaoke, but there was also the opportunity to try some authentic Thai food that was obviously really good. I started trying all different things: pad thai, chicken satay, tom yum soup, thai fried shrimp, curries, etc.  All of it is great and has been consistently great for years.It ain't fancy, and it ain't in a good neighborhood.  If you're trying to impress someone with a posh place, this isn't where to go.  But if you're trying to impress someone with good food, it ain't a bad choice at all.I don't know if there's karaoke there anymore, but that's not really the point anymore, now is it?
5	Quite simply the best Thai food we've ever had. The interior is not very nice. The service is uninspired. But the food... WOW! Never had anything as good anywhere else. We were blown away. The next time we're in Vegas we're going to this place again for sure.
4	I'll admit, I haven't tried any other Thai restaurant in Vegas, just yet.  The BF loves this place because they serve this beef jerky appetizer that is a bit unique and tastes pretty good.Ocha Restaurant is located right next to a motel, between a couple of chapels...not too far from the Stratosphere.  You can hop on over to Luv-It Custard after wards!I was there the other day and made it in time for their lunch specials.  Not wanting to fill up too much since it was a late lunch, I went for the standard pad thai chicken lunch special.  For $5.95, it came with rice and an egg roll.  The pad thai was standard and it decent lunch overall.  The real winner was the Thai iced tea ($2.00).  I used to make it all the time for my old job and they make it pretty good over here.  Yum yum!Overall, a 3.5 star rating.  It's a no frills kind of place.  No particular ambiance or anything, you're really here for the food.Lunch specials: $5.95 Mondays through Fridays, excluding holidays. 11:00 am to 3:30 pmDinner specials: $7.95 Mondays through Fridays, excluding holidays. 6:00 pm to 10:00 pmUpdate! 04.18.08 - Grabbed a quick dinner and had the rice noodles with gravy.  I had it with vegetables instead of meat and they really loaded up on the veggies. (It looked more like a vegetable dish than a noodle dish!)  So, they are definitely not skimpy there!  The BF had his favorite, the Thai Beef Jerky (Nice tender beef brisket in thai spice sun-dried then deep fried.) $7.95.  I've never had it anywhere else and it's pretty tasty, you might want some sticky rice with it!  We also shared a gigantic order of Thai tea.  You have to request this special size since it's not on the menu, but it's a honking cup!
1	The food took forever to arrive and when it did I was grossed out.  The pad thai was more like greasy chow mein.
4	This place is GREAT.  After searching all over the casinos for a place to eat vegetarian, we stopped into Ocha.  This was the best Thai food I think I've ever had.  You have to try the soup that comes in this firey volcano looking server thingy.  The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is because of the diner-like atmosphere, but I'll definitely be seeking this place out on my next trip to Vegas.  I think it was a really lucky find!
4	This place was really very good.  It wasn't the best Thai I've ever had, but it was great - and a nice break from "Vegas-y" restaurants in Vegas.It's across the street from the Stratosphere - and kind of a hole-in-the-wall spot.  It gets pretty busy, but I'm not sure if its locals or the folks staying in the motel that shares.  The only odd thing is the windows overlook the pool for some shady motel.... so imagine a pool of fat hairy guys in speedos with LARGE gold chains.  Gross.The Mongolian beef was gross.  Skip that - but everything else (pad thai, tom yum soup, bamboo shoots and green onions) were very good.
5	I love this place! Its almost just as good as a home cooked meal. I grew up eating my mom's home cooked meal all my life and know when I've found a jewel. Don't let appearances fool you. We ordered 4 dishes and all 4 were delicious. If you don't want to be disappointed order...1. Papaya salad (raw blue crabs if its available) 2. Beef Jerky3. Shrimp Tom Yum Soup4. Fried Pompano with Chili Sauce. Bonus - They're open til 4am!!!
5	Galloping honeypots, Ocha Thai is a find![1] Their plain Jane interior may not impress, but their Thai and Chinese cooking will.Considering Ocha is in the shadow of the Stratosphere, they might seem to be a bit of a dive, especially in comparison to other spots on the Strip. On the contrary, Ocha is clean, and their service wicked fast: we were seated, had our orders taken, and got our food before we could blink. For their speed, we never were rushed.Everything was expertly prepared, from start to finish. We enjoyed their beef jerky appetizer ($8.95) - chunks of tender spiced beef brisket, sundried then deep-fried - as much as the sweet sauce that came on the side. Their chicken tom yum soup (8.95), flavored with mushrooms, lemongrass, chili and lime juice, helped ward off hunger.For entrees, try their pad thai chicken (8.95), stir-fried with bean sprouts, and a lime on the side. It's slightly sweet, with a perfect, light texture. A few plates of combination (pork, chicken, beef) fried rice (9.95/plate) rounded off our meal nicely. (Somehow we ended up with sticky rice too, but I didn't try any.)Recommended for a comfortable, affordable lunch.[1] Thanks Vy for taking me here! Getting here was an adventure, but worth the effort.
5	My mom is Thai and a WONDERFUL cook. It just doesn't get any better than her home cooking. I've lived in Los Angeles all my life and have yet to find good Thai food. There's some okay places, but nothing comes close to her food. Until I stumbled upon Ocho a few years ago on a Girls' Vegas Weekend. It's now become a ritual with friends and family. Everyone that I've ever taken to Ocho has made it their Vegas ritual also. I love fine dining and will spend lots of money for good food and a fancy ambiance. But Ocho is more of a dive. Nothing fancy about it at all. Last time I was there, a lady was shredding papaya for the papaya salad at a table near us...just like my mom would. I've tried many items on their menu and have been very happy. But I highly recommend the beef jerky, spicy seafood soup and larb. They also stay open very late..until 4am. Which is great after the clubs.Headed to Vegas this spring and it is a must on our list aside from all the fancy restaurants I like to patron.
4	For good oily food, this is the place that serves delicious dishes.Whenever I go to Las Vegas and sick of buffets, I come here for good Thai food.  All their dishes are good.  I love their Coconut chicken soup, "tom-kha-gai, it is soooo good that goes really well with "kai-jew", egg omelette dish.
3	This was a nice change in scenery from the flashy strip, but not nearly as cheap as it looks from the outside.  A weekend lunch here still ran 2 of us ~$30.  It's also required quite a walk down from the Sahara, maybe 6-7 minutes?My boyfriend had the Tom Yum soup and I had the Pad Thai.  He would recommended the soup (they can vary the spice level of it), and I felt the Pad Thai (which was not spicy at all) was okay - right flavors but could use a little umph in it.  We also tried the Thai Iced Tea that everyone had been raving about - it was very good and pretty burnt orange color, but VERY sweet.  Definitely some sweetened condensed milk in there.  I'd almost say it would have been better as a dessert drink than as a beverage with your meal.
4	It's cheap, it's delicious and it's open til 5 am.Sticky rice = delicious.Really yummy Coconut soup.  Pad Thai is delicious, so is the Pineapple Fried Rice.If you're looking for a dinner that won't cost you $50 like most places in Vegas, go here.
5	It's located right across the street from Stratosphere. Its a very samll Thai place but the food is amazing!! It's cheap and the food speaks for itself!The pad Thai is amazing so is the sun beef and sticky rice. 2 can eat for under $20...I have to go at least twice a month!! Definitely reccomend this place!!
2	We had a very disappointing experience. After reading all these reviews I was looking forward to give this place a try. The pad thai was the worst we have ever had. I can't even describe the taste. The only good thing about our meal was the Thai ice tea and the sticky rice. It wasn't special but it was as good as you would expect it from any other Thai place.
5	This is the best Thai food in Vegas I have ran into.  It is the most authentic out of the many i have tried, and will deliver "hot" most of the time, when you request it.  Just specify you want it "thai spicy" and they will usually get the back of your neck to sweat!  Really just depends on the cook I guess...I usually get the spicy mint chicken/beef or curry dishes.  The thai beef jerky is also very delicious and the dipping sauce is wonderful.  I have tried a few other dishes, and have always been pleased.  We always get quick service since we usually go in during the afternoon, and there aren't a ton of other people there.It is not far from my work either, but kind of out of the way if you don't live nearby, since it is on the strip.Older building, but the food is where it is at!And it isn't too expensive...their lunch specials are about $6-7 each and their normal entree are about $8-10 depending on what you order.Give it a try!
3	I recently went back for another visit to Ocha, and the prices totally went up. I don't think there was anything cheaper than like $9, which at a Thai Restaurant is sacrilege. When you visit an authentic Thai Restaurant, you're expecting good food at decent prices, I understand the economy is bad, but it doesn't give them the right to rape us! Now on to the food, it was OK... Don't order the boat noodle because it's not what you're thinking. The broth is clear, they added small intestine... I don't know what's going on there, but it clearly was not the boat noodle that I am accustom to. The beef jerky however was delicious, the sauce tasted like salsa you can pick up at Baja Fresh, but the meat was very good. Beef panang was alright, nothing spectacular, just beef curry, we asked for spicy and it came out mild, go figure. Next time I'm in town, I don't know if I will re-visit Ocha, I think it's time to find another Thai restaurant in Vegas.
5	I absolutely loved this place! In my short 3 day visit to Vegas I ate here twice. It was the most affordable meal for the amount of food we ate. We dined on so many dishes. Our bill was $80 for 5 people. I don't think the price is bad considering the location. The papaya salad with crab and beef jerky were my favorite and of course you can't enjoy papaya salad without sticky rice. The most authentic Thai/Laos style food I have had in a resturant. I will visit this place each and every time I visit Las Vegas. Oh, and they delivered to our hotel!
4	This has been our favorite local joint to visit when in Vegas.  The food is great and it has not failed me yet.  Its cheap food and authentic.
4	I ate about here about 3 years ago and the food was good. It's at the end of the strip passed Wynn's hotel. A little out of the way if you're staying on the strip but well worth it. They had the best homemade dry beef jerky!!! I would come back here again when I visit Vegas again!
4	Walking past it, you would think this was a divey place with terrible food.  My friends brought me here and the soup was awesome.  I forget the name of it, I think it was Tom Kar Gai.  Mmmm, I could go for some right now.
3	Okay place, good food, good prices, strip friendly location...what more can you ask for? Most of the food here can also be cooked lao style which is way better than the american-washed thai style stuff out there so go try it out....I go there all the time when im in vegas
4	I love the papaya salad here, i order it spicy and they really do make it spicy. =) their array of thai food is mouth watering.  Food is great although you might not notice it the first time around the block, it can be tricky to spot out Ocha, tucked into the line of motels.  Its absolutely the best Thai food ever!
5	*Biased Review* I know Thai food well. - Food: Very Authentic, good taste just like when I go to Thailand. Cant get better than that. Of course this is with some dishes, not everything or all the time. Depends on the chef probably. - Sanitation: Reminds me of Thailand as well...Dirty. Not American Standard. But they are downtown. But I go there for the food. I was street raised, so don't mind eating ghetto styles. - Atmosphere: Not really authentic, just a place, with tables, a TV and Chairs. What evs - Overall: When I visit, I make it my business to visit and get food. I take food home for my friends mom, who happens to know Thai flavors more than me, considering my friends Mother, Grand and Great Grandmother all once worked at the Royal Palace in Thailand as food preps. Trust, the food here is bomb if you are looking for full Thai Flavors.
4	I've been going to this spot for over 10 years and I've got only 5 words to say:   "ONE SUN BEEF" and "STICKY RICE"!  Seriously, this place has got some of the best thai food in town.  It may not be in the nicest area (across the street from the Stratosphere) or be the nicest looking (you can say cheap decor, I say AUTHENTIC) or even have the coldest AC (cause its hot up in that piece) but you really feel like your in Thailand eating there (just sweatin and eating, lol)  The Service....hahaha, where do I start.... well they have the great humor and are really blunt with people (maybe thats why I think the are humorous)  BEST THAI FOOD IN VEGAS!
2	I don't think this place deserves four stars. My friend took us here for lunch and I thought the food was just average. The chicken panang curry was just ok,nothing special. The crab papaya salad was too salty. We asked the waiter for a whole catfish fried or BBQ, I think he wasn't listening because what we got were deep-fried cut up catfish filets. When we told him we wanted a whole catfish not filets, he said they only had filets. WTH?? The only saving grace was the Tom yum soup and combination fried rice.  Those very great.
5	Today was definitely worth the extra trip for lunch from Orinda.  It's been almost a year since we last came here and it's still as good as I remember it.  Although, the price did go up, but we don't come here often so I won't complain because I plan to stop by again before we leave on Monday night :)
5	Whenever I go to Vegas... This place is as must for me!! I love their beef jerky and sticky rice!!!! So the 5 stars is only for that. If I start reviewing the other entrees.... Stars will be less :( Anywhos the beef jerky is the bomb!!! If you'r e hungry find another place... But for late late night snack and something light...order their jerky and their humongous to-go cup thai ice tea ;)
3	We went here for lunch today, and had high hopes.  Unfortunately, I wouldn't say that Ocha is one of the better Thai restaurants in Vegas.  They seem to get a lot of business from tourists and businesses in the area.  So, why change to be authentic?  We ordered the tom kha khi, pad see ew (on the menu as something else), shrimp with pepper sauce, and beef panang.  We liked the pad see ew the best.  Of course, this is a hard dish to mess up.  One thing that stood out was the quality of the chicken.  They gave us nice big chunks, and some of it was dark meet seemingly straight from the bone rather than thawed from a package of chicken meat.  The Chinese broccoli was also fresh, thick and lots of with stems.  The sauce was a little on the weaker side, and although the dish was good, this "weaker" attribute seemed to be the theme of the food here.The tom kha khi was disappointing.  I even ordered it extra sour and medium spice, and it still came out bland.  There was no galanga or lemongrass chunks.  It had the floating spice that LoS and Komol are famous for.  Appearances don't fool the taste buds though.  The chicken was the only great part about this dish; again huge chunks that seemed to have been pulled off of a whole chicken.  The beef panang was very sweet.  In fact, I don't think I have ever had a beef panang this sweet before.  I think that it could have been a decent panang if it weren't for this.  Overall, I am giving Ocha a 3 star review because their ingredients are good, especially their meat. However, their style is definitely dumbed down for the average person.  This makes sense considering their location, but overall this was a disappointing experience for me.
4	really good fresh Thai in the middle of a rubbish part of the stripvery friendly staff, big room out the back looked like a Thai community center, lots of old folks playing board gamesportions were hugeif you're up that end of town doubt there's anywhere better to eat
4	This is a hole-in-the-wall Thai restaurant- not much ambiance (sometimes that doesn't matter as long as the food is good). I've been going to this restaurant for a long time- this is the 3rd location since I've lived here (the first location was where the Stratosphere parking lot is, along Main Street, the second location was on Las Vegas Blvd., near Charleston, in a Thai plaza- now closed entirely- had music and a state-of-the-art karaoke system). I would usually get the Pad Thai & Thai Beef Salad (really good here). I also tried the stuffed chicken wings and Thai style rice (also very good) a while back. I went here with my husband a few times and one of my good friends (she's been back a few times after that with her husband BTW), but haven't been back in a while. Looks like a return visit is in order, and a review update.
4	I was glad to find a good Thai restaurant not far from the strip. The price is about average to any Asian restaurant.You could never go wrong with traditional papaya salad and beef jerky which was really tasty! My husband and I were glad to have found to place to eat like we were at home, even though being miles away. Just be aware, this place IS very easy to miss if your not familar with the area, so be sure to keep your eyes peeled!
4	Great food. Ocha is in a quirky non-assuming location. Their Pad Thai (usually the bar for evaluating Thai restaurants) is good and the Beef Salad (ordered medium spicy) was unique and refreshing. I believe this is indicative of their salad dishes in general so be sure not to miss this. They also have some standard Chinese dishes on the menu (Kung Pao chicken was good). Our group left full and satisfied.  Overall, it was delicious meal and price and is a good alternative to a buffet for a lighter yet satisfying meal.
5	I'm always on the look-out for good Pad Thai, and I'd driven by Ocha for months and still not given them a try... until last night.  And it was fabulous.  Not too sweet, not too hot (but with hot sauce on the side).  It was the best I've had in Las Vegas, with huge portions and not expensive.  A definite repeat for me.
3	Tom Kha Gai!I love saying that in my best Bruce Lee accent (and in the most obnoxious,"I'm gonna kick your booty Muay Thai style  if I don't get it",  way).It's also my favorite thing to order at any given Thai restaurant. I don't eat pork or beef (as most of you already know), so of course  we ordered this one with all the seafood trimmings. I really enjoyed the delicious broth that came with this soup. The squid was rubbery and overcooked, though. Freshness in seafood are a must! Again, the broth was to die for: just the right about of savory and tangy and spicy.Ok, so how about the the other fare?The giant prawns were spectacular! So succulent and perfectly cooked. The Hawaiian rice was the most disappointing addition to our dinner table: greasy and underseasoned.  I took it home and "doctored it up" with some scallions, peas and carrots, cilantro and soy, and it became much more comestible. But why should I have to use my culinary degree for such activities when THEY cooked it?! The service was prompt and friendly. It's definitely not an ambiance for romance, and I highly recommend you either: A) BYOB or B)Come in already liquored up. Oh well, the highlight of the evening was the fabulous wine selection they had at their beer and wine only "bar" (Insert sarcasm here:___________).The lady had the nerve to bring me White Zinfandale  when I asked for a "nice glass of red wine". OMG! My inner sommelier wanted to SCREAM as I eyed this Sutter Home disaster in a glass. Egad!Honestly, they actually had Bartles & James featured as their "Wine Cooler of the day". I know how much we all crave a great fuzzy navel cheerleader beer with our spicy Thai food, right?Enough of that...Good points: Hooray for being open 24 hours! After a wicked session of Muay Thai boxing it was nice to get some "late night" Thai eats. This place definitely scores bonus points as the "only viable Thai option available after a certain hour."  We all know that Thai places are notorious for closing wicked early (why!?!?), so that was cool.Ok, I'm going to stop being a food snob now. If you want some decent eats at a fair price with a "no frills" attitude, then here ya go! Go get 'em, tiger!Footnote: My BFF/dining partner reminded me of this other traumatic beverage incident : After I sent back the lovely white zin, the server brought out another glass of wine for me. When I inquired as to what type of wine it was she replied, "Red." Argggghhhhh!!!!
4	so after reading all about it we  went for lunch.... 6.95 lunch special chai tea was BIG.. food was ok , which only means that we will try another place  next  time.  we saw a place  on the way,  off sahara at Paradise.  there was a India place right there to try too!
5	The only authentic thai restaurant on the strip. They can even cook food not on the menu. Beef Jerky, Padthai noodles, Crispy Pork with Broccoli and Papaya Salad were all good. Other than the food, you have excellent customer service by everyone from the server to the owner. I actually cant remember a friendlier place to eat than this! Food was served really fast too. Highly recommended!
5	Had Tom yum soup with tofu instead of shrimp, absolutely delicious! Open til 4 am :)
4	This is one of those dirty places that you see in the movies about scene kids in New York or LA. You walk in and the staff immediately greets you as if you are part of their family and cannot wait to get you fed. I think that the interior might be off-putting to some, but all I can say to those people is that they really need to travel more if they think this place is dingy. The tom kha gai soup is amazing and they will make it to varying intensities of spiciness so that you enjoy it to its fullest. I have had many dishes here and think that they are exceptionally good, especially when compared to other Thai restaurants in this town. I hope that everyone has a chance to experience this diamond-in-the-rough restaurant.
4	This place is definitely in the shadier side of town. Just on the other side of the parking lot is a motel, which has a wedding chapel and seems like the rooms get rented out by the hour. Also, as a hint to those who have a hard time finding it, the place doesn't seem to have lighted signs, which in stark contrast to all the places around it.As for the food, we ordered the Thai Papaya Salad, Pad Thai with Beef, and Red Curry with Chicken (~$29 total) as take-out. I really was expecting mediocre or worse. However, it was better than I expected. Granted it wasn't the best I've ever tasted. But, it you're looking for some reasonably priced Thai food near the Strip, this is a good place to check out. General flavors were there. The papaya salad had good flavor and kick, though a bit on the soggy side, which might have been due to the time between cooking and consumption for take-out.
4	This place is a stones throw away from the Stratosphere and shares the Holiday House Motel 's parking lot . My husband and I ended up here through one of our many compromises. I wanted Chinese food and he said he would be fine just as long as they serve Thai Beef Salad. I thought "Great ....I don't know of any Chinese place that makes Thai Beef Salad!" Luckily we came to Ocha because this is a Thai place that serves Chinese food too! We both win! Yay! He had the salad of course which was just as tasty as the other Thai places we frequent. I was craving Chow mien so I ordered the lunch special that came with white rice and an egg roll. The Chow Mien was okay the noodles were a little thicker then I prefer but it still tastes great with a little Siracha. I enjoyed the egg roll because they put see through rice noodles in there. I don't see that a lot. The star of the meal was the Beef Jerky! I was hoping it wouldn't be like 7-11 beef jerky ...that would be pretty hard to eat with rice. What came out were these tasty pieces of beef . They are a little tough on the outside but not as hard as your local 7 -11 's jerky. The inside of the jerky was nice and chewy. I would come back just for this dish alone . I don't see many Thai places offering Beef Jerky unless I overlooked it. This is one of my new favorite Thai dishes that I would like to try if offered at other restaurants.
5	Economical, tasty, and right on the strip near the stratosphere. One word of caution, I asked for spicy and got quite a bit of spice. My curry had lots of habanero, serrano and jalapeno peppers and seeds in it. Err on the side of caution when they ask you how spicy you'd like your dish.
3	This place is found toward the end of the strip near the Stratosphere and although its not in the most glamourous part of Vegas, the food here is pretty good, and not overpriced at all like most restaurants here. It has more of an authentic taste than most places you'll find around here. The padthai and pineapple fried rice was just aight. ive had better. My faaavorite thing was their charbroiled beeef. It was cooked medium rare and accompanied by their special house sauce that was bursting with flavor. This dish alone will keep me coming back for more. We also had their jerky which i really liked. Although i felt that the jerky tasted better with the beef sauce as opposed to the sauce it came with. Overall, reasonably priced, large portions..and I'll probably be back the next time im in Vegas and in need of a Thai fix.
4	Pappaya salad the way I like it. They close at 4 am
3	I have had better Thai food, true.I have had cheaper food in Vegas, true.I have not had cheaper food with a better quality to quantity to price ration than at Ocha, true!Not the best food in this city but won't break your bank either! Be serious! You can't have $70-$200 meals all the time here! It only took me two days to realize that would kill us!So, here you go. Yay! Reasonably priced quality food.
4	Ocha is strictly about what is on the plate- deliciousness! A quintessential example of " A hole in the wall, with amazing food."Thai Beef Jerky is a must!
4	good and tasty food.. but their soup is a bit salty! but their thai coffee is to die for! soooo goood and creamy!
5	Second time here in my last two trips to Vegas....gotta go off the strip for good food people!!!! This place rocks. Been to a million Thai places and Ocha ranks near the top. Curry was great. Whole fried fish, also great. Chinese broccoli and crispy pork belly, perfect. As everyone previously mentioned the Thai beef jerky is a hit with a great dipping sauce. 5 people/ 10 beers/6 entrees/$120 bucks. Better than droppin' $400 at some cheesy ass "Thai' place on the strip.Wait staff was great as well; friendly and attentive. Not a fancy place. Don't be fooled by the decor. The food is solid.
4	SALVATION FROM VEGAS BUFFETS AND OVERPRICED EATERIES!!!!After a hard day of riding (scooters), we dialed up this place on the Yelp app and decided to give it a go.I ordered the Thai beef jerky (awesome!) and the beef Pad Kee Mao (not on the menu, but most true Thai places know how to make it...plus it was hilarious to hear the cook yell, "PAD KEE MAO!!!!!" in the kitchen).    As to why such a fantastic dish as the Pad Kee Mao was and still wasn't on the menu (as far as I could see), I'll never understand.Anyway, huge portions, great food, good prices, def worth the short cab (or scooter) ride up the strip for when your looking for something more than fancy microwaved dishes with some Food Network chef's name attached to them or feeding troth buffet that litter the Vegas strip.The good:+ friendly, attentive staff+ took special orders (PAD KEE MAO!)+ great quantity and taste for the moneyThe not-so-good:- a little ways north of most of the major casinos on the LVS- sign is hard to see at night, as it is lost against the barrage of other signs it must compete with
3	I wouldn't say Ocha Cuisine has the best Thai food in Las Vegas, but I will say it's pretty darn good. The thing I like best about this restaurant is that it doesn't close until 4am and in the wee hours in the morning, they do have the best Thai food around.The staff is friendly and courteous and anyplace that give me free refills on thai tea is alright with me!  The restaurant is clean and well lit. Also, it's in a good location. Not many seedy characters running around, aside from a prostitute or two walking the side walks of the strip, but they leave you alone.  :)All kidding aside, I gave Ocha three stars, but really it's 3 1/2. The food is pretty dog gone good and a great place to hang out late at night.
1	I went to las vegas for business trip and I want to eat noodle . I ordered a beef noodle,but the taste is awful with the small bowl and plenty of noodle. The store should serve such a noodle with a lager bowl and the service is poor.
4	Best thai coffee with milk ever! Came here with my friend who is obsessed with this place. She recommended me to get num tok which means beef waterfall (eh?) sounds weird but it's so bomb! Tasted like Korean BBq meat with some unique spices to it. This place is small and super Asian and delicious. I know it's not a high end restaurant like others on the strip but it's so worth it. Hurrayyy for cheap food :]
3	I found the Ocha Cuisine just OK. I ordered chicken fried rice, beef jerky, chicken pad thai, and cashew chicken. All of the chicken dishes used dark meat whick was ok, I was just expecting white meat. I ordered the cashew chicken without peppers and it came with peppers. The pad thai noodles looked like spaghetti noodles but the taste was ok. I would not return.
5	The Mongolian beef is great. Different than any other I've tried. Service is quick and friendly.
4	Pretty much my favorite Thai food in Vegas. Everything is inexpensive. Portions are huge. I got the stink eye from the waitress a couple times but this didn't negate the grub. THE only BAD thing that happened when I was here was a few hours later my entire body broke out in red splotches. Didn't switch up what I ordered, so I figure something must have been added that I was allergic too. It has NOT deterred me from going there time and time again.
2	Stopped in on a recent trip to Las Vegas when we were craving Thai food for lunch, but the food was only so so. Crab papaya salad was okay but a bit too sour. The Pad Thai was greasy and  strange tasting. BBQ beef was tough and lacked flavor. The accompanying sauce was tasty, but with the beef so chewy, that made it all the more disappointing. The restaurant - adjacent to a motel on the Boulevard beyond the end of the Strip - is clean and has ample parking. The service was okay, a bit slow but no complaints there. Maybe I am spoiled because I live near Thai Town in Los Angeles and there is a LOT of good Thai food nearby. I might eat at Ocha again if I were craving Thai when in Las Vegas, but this visit was not really satisfying especially when compared to what I am used to.
4	Ok, don't know what the haters were smoking but food here is really good and reasonable. My sister and I had the pad thai and it was plentiful and tasty. I think it's like that first drug experience but with Thai food. I'm still trying to replicate my first experience at Choo Chai in Lubbock and have eaten Thai across America and have yet to get the same rush. I will however be back the next time to try the curry.
5	Some of the best Thai food I've ever had, here or abroad.  I always try to set aside time whenever I am in Vegas to stop by this small, family-owned joint for some authentic Thai cuisine.
5	My mouth pretty much waters up and I get that Homer Simpson donut trance look when someone mentions Thai Food.  I normally go to Thai House on the South side because it's close to where I live.  I went to Ocha for lunch one time based on a few tips from several people.  I also came to Yelp for further confirmation. I had the Tom Kha and after I finished my plate, I wanted another. I also had the staple/first timer of any Thai restaurant: The Pad Thai plate. To me both were richly flavored and balanced.  I've had Thai where there was too much fish sauce saltiness.  I would definately go back again...and again.....and again.  The pricing is not bad either.
5	i believe my favorite/usual is a side order, but who cares? no one said you had to order an entree. haha. beef jerky with sticky rice! the sauce it comes with is unreal. i'm not from vegas, but i crave it often. on my vaca i sometimes get it more than twice! so yummy!  they have other great dishes like the panang curry, chicken something (it has all these veggies and bamboo shoot) and even their fried rice .. i just can't remember them at the moment, but i suggest that you check this place out if you like thai food.  the staff are very friendly too!*REMEMBER TO ORDER THAI TEA!
4	Great place to find inexpensive delicious food in Vegas.  Plus they are open till at least 3 am.
5	Still very good authentic Thai food in Vegas....although I have a new favorite!My friends love the "large" thai teas...which are huge!  They have to be like 32oz of yummy or close to it....and cheap!  I think they were about $3!We usually order pad ka pao and pad kee mao, as hot as they will make it.  The curry is also very good here, but not my fav Panang curry.The location could use a refresher...showing it's age...and the location sucks...But the food is why you come here!  And it will be worth the trip!
2	This was my first time here especially to Vegas. My boyfriend and I decided to change up our meals and have some Thai food for our trip. Because we were staying at Stratosphere for our last day, we stopped by here for lunch. The ratings were a bit high so we also thought we'd give it a shot. FAIL! I would have to repeat on some viewers that if you haven't had good thai food if you think this place is good. The vibe coming in here wasn't very pleasant. The Pad Thai that I got was gross to me. Good thing was during lunch hour my meal turned into a lunch special which came with an egg roll and the price reduced a little. And the egg roll was gross too.Suppose they are going to relocate to soon just in case there are people who are in love with this place. Just a heads up in this case. Overall, I would never come back.
5	I grew up with Ocha being in my backyard. I used to live in the apartments behind the Stratosphere and Ocha was the go to spot when my mom was too tired to cook. This place taste like home to me and after so many years I still look forward to late nights here.
5	The food was amazing with a very affordable price. I'd be looking forward to eat there again! 0=)
3	The beef jerky and sticky rice are my favorites but everything I have had is good.   Ok, it is not the best atmosphere but to me this adds to the experience.  Just wish there was more parking.12/15/13 not sure what is going on.. The place was dead, the food was not as good and the prices when up. Not my favorite place anymore.
5	Some damn good Thai food here, have eaten Thai food around the globe and this place is in the top 3 they have excellent dishes and know how to serve it up right, their in a new location just down a few blocks from where they used to be, definitely a nice environment to enjoy your Thai meal in Vegas.
5	Outstanding.
1	I think this place intentionally tried to make this a bad experience.  I did everything possible to stay positive and give this place a fair shake.  How would you rate a place based on this?1. I find this place on Yelp and I go to the address and they have a small sign on the door that says they moved.  The owners did not update any listings on-line!  The only thing they did was take a piece of copy paper and hand write a little note and tape it to the door.  DUHHHHH.2.  No greeting upon entering.  Some slobish looking guy sitting at the register waved some one down to sit me.  I wouldn't be surprised if this was the owner - it would make perfect sense.  Imagine, Barney from the Simpson's greeting your customers.3.  Super long wait for the food.  I ordered a simple chicken curry.  I was in no hurry for my curry, but the 30 minute wait for food was getting to me.4.  So by the time I get my food, I am starving.  I dive right into my bamboo shoot curry....  errr.... chicken curry and burned my mouth.  Maybe that was my fault, but it hurt like a mother effer!5.  The food.  Well it was not good.  It was a bowl of bamboo shoots with a few pieces of chicken.  The curry was greasy, it was like gravy or something.  I thought green curry sauce was supposed to have a coconut flavor.  Anyways, I could hardly taste anything anyways after my mouth was burned.  I can say this, for the better part of 2 days I had a terrible after taste from this place.  6.  I get my bill.  These people had the nerve to charge me a $1 for rice, even though the menu says rice is included.  So it was $8.95 plus a $1.  Who charges for rice?  That really pissed me off! I got your one star review for your one dollar rice!
4	I really enjoyed this place. The location was very iffy, right next to a Super 8 across from the Stratosphere in the middle of a slew of wedding chapels. The restaurant is actually very spacious and clean. When we walked in, we were promptly greeted and pointed in a general direction of several tables. I chose the one with all of the condiments already there. The server was friendly and accommodating. We made small talk and he offered a couple of suggestions. My friend opted for a combination chow mein and I opted for octopus salad. Both of the dishes were excptionally delicious and fresh. The chow mein meats were not dripping with grease as they tend to at many different places, and the octopus salad featured an array of fresh vegetables and crisp citrus flavor. Initially I thought the prices were on the high side, $10+ for most dishes, but when I saw how large the portions were, I could definitely justify paying for it. Their Thai Tea was also very good. I will be back to sample more of their extensive menu.
4	I am writing this review since I've been coming to Ocha for years. They serve solid, reasonably affordable Thai food. I've tried all of their curries, they are all really good. Their pad thai and lunch specials are good too. The service, however, is not their strong point. We used to knowone o fthe guys that worked here and he would get us a table and take our orders real fast. I haven't seen him in over a year though.They recently moved to a new location, they are no longer in the crappy hotel. They are now located a couple block north, still on Las Vegas Blvd. It's in front of the Econolodge. The sign is really, really small, and from the outside it looks like the place has been abandoned. They need to spruce it up a bit. The building looks to me like it was a tropical-themed nightclub. The  space is huge, nice and airy. There is dance floor, which confirms my dance club theory, and it looks like in the evening they have karaoke. This is a good option if you are in the downtown area lookin for Thai food, but are not willing to go down to E. Freemont.
3	Ive been going here for about 7 years occasionally I love their food but their portions have gone down in the past few years.Id recommend this place as a nice sit down restaurant that also offers to go and they are also open late!! :DI usually order Shrimp Pad Thai, Combination fried rice, and Tom Yum soup.Their service is pretty good exept for this old lady with curly reddish brown hair who doesn't understand english that well, and she gives you attitude. And bad customer service skills.Heres the story of my bad experience at ocha's Okay so i decided to take my cousins out to eat some good food because we were all hungry. So I decided to treat them to a nice dinner at Ochas. We get the the location of 2211 S. Las Vegas Blvd. and there's no resturant there. They relocated to 1201 S Las vegas Blvd. which is a short drive up the street. We get there and we get seated into a small table me and my cousins were bumping our elbows to each other every so often and our waitress is a older woman with curly reddish brown hair she has a strong accent and we struggled to communicate with her. She seemed to come off as a tad rude and grumpy.  I ordered four Shrimp pad thai's  a combination fried rice and four thai teas for our dinner, I wanted to take some food home so I told the lady that I was also going to order a combination fried rice to go, but not right now after we all finish our food I will order it. She nodded as if she understood and walked away.    The food took about 5-8 mins to come out which is average and not long at all we were happy because we were hungry :D.  As she was placing our food around the table she also brought with her a bag with  a container full of the combination fried rice. She placed it on the table and Walked away. I look at the box and said "excuse me," she kept walking away so I got up and walked to her with the bag and container of food and explained to her that I didn't want the combination fried rice right now that I was going to order it once we finished. She looked at me for a while as if she was annoyed and said, "well the food is already cooked," I responded with, "well I would like my food at the end after we finish eating," she took it and we went our ways me to my table and her to the counter behind the register.  I went back to my table and even asked my cousins, "didn't i tell her i wanted my to go order after we finish eating?" they responded with agreement and they also pointed out that she was giving me attitude. I like to give the benefit of a doubt but I also noticed the attitude. We begin eating and it taste soo good OMG so good D: ahhhh!!   :@ cant stop eating until the food is gone :c and our tummy's full xDBut we rushed through eating also because I figured the lady wouldn't remake the food that she mistakenly given us too early so it was just sitting there getting cold.  So we finished our food and it was really good. We got full and I got the bill it came out to around $60 bucks So i went up and payed And the lady reaches around the counter and gives me the bag with the container of rice she didnt remake it as a predicted. I left no tip that day but i usually tip at least 20%. I have gone there many times after this day and also ordered over the phone to pick up some food to go. I've had one problem with ordering on the phone.  The lady on the phone was rude and kept making me repeat the order and kept cutting me off when I was talking. But when i went to go pick up the food the same grumpy old lady with Curly reddish brown hair with the strong accent was there. And yet again I left no tip. ThIs place has the best shrimp pad thai and thai tea that I have ever eaten. That's one of the reasons i keep going back but I will avoid that One waitress lady from now on.Hope this review helps some of your guys out there Thanks for reading.
3	After spending time at the casinos, we were looking for some thai takeout to take back to the room for my brother and his gf since they were nice enough to watch our toddler son while we went on a date.  This was the only place still open after 10pm.  I remember eating at one of the older locations many years ago and the food was decent.  The new location is much nicer and larger complete with live music capability and a small dancefloor.  Only one table was seated, which I guess does not say much since it was a Monday night at a non-strip location.  We try our best not to eat at any strip restaurants since the food is generally over-priced and in our experience, horrible.  We like to eat where the locals would eat .  The server was very friendly and welcoming and told us to sit down at a table since the counter was dark.  The menu had a good variety, did not have my favorite pad ki mao, but I was able to order Thai Beef Jerky, Nam Sod Salad, which are my brother's favorite.  I also ordered Pad Thai and Pork Belly with Chinese Broccoli for his gf.  Portions were ok for the price, aside for the chinese broccoli, since it did not come with rice and it's not like the box was even half full.  The Nam Sod had good flavor but I ordered it medium spice and my brother said there was barely any spice.  The pad thai did not have much flavor to it although they did use fresh rice noodles, which is always a plus.  They did not put any condiments in the bag aside from some cheap packets of soy sauce, which is useless to thai people.  For restaurants that serve Isarn style thai food, I expect the spice level to be higher.  I will make a note to order level 10 spicy if we decide to order from them again.  I am glad the server did not handle any of our food since she seated us where we had full view of what was happening behind the bar.  She blew her nose and did not wash or sanitize her hands.  Had she decided to touch our food I would have complained and walked out.  They must have a large crowd later on in the night since they open til 4am on a weekday.  We probably will not dine in.  There are many thai restaurants in the area so we will continue to try more each time we come to Vegas!
2	I wanted to check out the thai food in vegas because my friend said it was really good last time he was hear.  Unfortunately, I did not feel the same way about this place.  We ordered the thai beef jerky, papaya salad, and minced pork with basil.  The thai beef jerky was too tough.  I felt like i was gnawing at it for minutes.  The papaya salad wasn't fresh.  We only had one bite.  They told us they used anchovies and it makes it smell differently.  The minced pork with basil was ok but the pork was fat.
5	Best Thai I've found in downtown Las Vegas. The chicken fried rice is probably one of the best I've ever had.
4	Ocha is a solid thai restaurant and a great option for lunch. I`ve been coming here since they were located inside an ugly motel a couple of blocks down the strip. Their new location is light years better. Most things remains the same, including the hilarious guy who is always pissed off at something -or someone, and gives you shitty looks. The food is also pretty consistent. Lunch specials never fail. For $6.95 you can order a delicious pad thai with white rice and a spring roll. Portions are pretty big, except maybe for Kung Pao Chicken -great option too!-.As a person that has tried almost all lunch specials, I `ve to say that you cannot go wrong with any. Tom Kha Kai is well made and seasoned. Same goes for curries and fried rice. Since Thai BBQ closed several months ago, Ocha is the best thai option in that part of downtown.
1	Ocha used to have good food but something changed and now its one of the worst.  Location was always sketchy but the food was good enough to make up for it, until now.  The food is sub par and the service is so so.Update:  we drove by Ocha today and the health department has closed them down.  Hopefully they can return to the Ocha we used to know.
4	I've been a couple of times here and I think it's a very good choice if you are looking for good quality, good portions and excellent price. The have very accessible specials and most of them are very good in flavor and amount. The place looks brand new, and most of the time its pretty quiet and relaxing environment. There is thou, a waiter that apparently is always mad about something, but not in a bad way, it actually is kinda hilarious. The pad thai chicken is very good, the fried rice is awesome and most of the specials on the menu are good for any appetite. The place is on an area with not as many good options like this around, so i definitely recommend.
4	In recent years ocha has become one of my favorite thai restaurant in vegas. What I love most about the food at ocha is CONSISTENCY, nomatter what time of the day you go and eat there, the food alwayse taste great! We alwayse order chicken lard na for our kids, they be tearing it up like no tomorrow haha. I've been to many thai restaurants in vegas and no one cook lard na the way ocha does. My personal favorite is GOY SEEN,  it's similar to larb but its raw beef marinated with different spices. A favorite dish of the thai issan people and lao people.
1	I'd rate it a ZERO if I could.  Sat down & was not even acknowledged. After 15 minutes I decided to leave. Waiters & waitresses saw us but never once came to our table. RUDE. OH! & the place smelled like shit & they couldn't even spell Fried rice correct in their menu. Steeeer Awayyyy.
5	It has been over 10 years since I last ate at this restaurant and the food was just as I remembered--amaze balls.  I always order the same dish whenever I go to a Thai restaurant: chicken larb that is medium spicy and a side of sticky rice.  I like my food to be spicy enough that it gives it flavor--not too mild where the kick isn't there and not too spicy that I can't enjoy the flavor of the whole dish.  They made it perfectly and just the way I like it.  I love me my chicken larb and this did not disappoint me.
2	Decent food, but terrible service. A few minutes after we sat down, a waitress came by to see if we were ready and we told her that we were. She simply walked away while mumbling something that we couldn't understand. Then, a couple min later, a waiter stops by to take our order...not sure what ever happened to the waitress that had originally come by. Our food came out fairly quickly and it was decent, but nothing special. I had the chicken pad thai lunch special which comes with an egg roll and rice. Thought it was kind of odd to serve rice with pad thai but whatever. My co-worker had wonton soup and chicken satay, both of which he says were bland. After getting our food, we never saw the waiter again until we were done eating and he came by to pick up our plates and refill our water. This was during the lunch hour, but the restaurant was not busy at all...There were probably only about 4 or 5 other tables occupied at the time. All in all, it was an ok experience, but there was definitely something off about the wait staff. I think I'll stick with something else next time around.
4	Cost: $11 (without tip) Close place to where I live (Hostel Cat). Also near two wedding chapels, many cheap motels and a couple of adult stores. I'm not implying anything. I ordered the Pad Thai, as most people to a new Thai place do. The rebel in me chose the shrimp over the chicken.Interior is nicely decorated but simplistic. Feels a bit on the posh side. There's even a stage where a lady was singing Thai songs, karaoke-style. Pad Thai arrived with a whole lot of chilli flakes/powder sprinkled on top to make it spicy - this could be improved. The taste was typical and the noodles were greasy enough to not feel dry as they do in some other places. However, no lime wedge was provided and flavour could have been richer. I probably should have gone with the Tom Yum Goong. Would come again if I'm the mood for Thai.
4	The food here was oddly more Chinese than Thai, even though the decor is very Thai. We came across this place during a family trip to Vegas. My cheap ass father didn't realize that Vegas buffets cost at least $35/person, and so we left the strip and headed toward the more desolate end of Las Vegas Blvd.I wasn't expecting much at all, but this place sure surprised me. I really liked their panang curry, and the service here was great.Best of all was the Thai tea. Most delicious Thai tea I've ever had. Really. Apparently the best Thai tea ever exists in Vegas. Who would've thought?
4	We usually try to eat here whenever we visit from SoCal. I always get the spicy noodles (vegetarian), it is not on the menu, but they will make it and they never disappoint.  Beware, their 5 is pretty spicy!
4	I eat here about once a week for lunch.  The lunch specials are really good, very flavorful, and a great price for those that eat out a lot.  The egg drop soup is fantastic.  So is the meatball soup and beef soup.  The beef salad with a side of rice is a good lunch during the summer months.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Awesome service. Awesome food, the Cornish game hen is the best I've ever had by far.. The manager is really cool and this place is way underestimated. A+!
4	We were looking for an authentic place in vegas after a week on the strip.  We found this place on YELP.  Pulled up and my daughters and I both thought the parking lot was sketchy at best.  We walked in and were more concerned.  Decided to stay and give it a shot...thank goodness we did!  The gentleman who sat us  was very helpful, explained the dishes and was spot on with his recommendations.  Brought my wife and girls a thai tea and thai coffee, on the house so they could try them.  When my daughter just wanted soup, he said the order would be too much so he would just bring her an extra bowl and if she wanted more, he would get it.  Everything was delicious and we argued which was the best dish with my wife and I loving the pad thai and my son and daughter loving the chow mein.  Everyone loved the soup.  Turned out our waiter was the manager who was friendly, helpful and ensured we will be back next time we visit vegas.  Trust me, you may not be sure, but you do want to visit this place for dinner!  Awesome!
5	Great food and great service! The price is reasonable too for Thai food. We'll be coming back for sure.
5	OMG! If find yourself in Vegas and is craving Thai food, this is the place to be NO JOKE! The food is AMAZING! I eat Thai a lot. Out of all the Thai places I've been to this place BLOWS them out of the WATER! The noodles are full of flavor and not dry. The rice is cooked almost to perfection. Everything is just amazing. Taste buds will be JUMPING for JOY! To keep it simple...this place is BOMB!!! I don't think I can have Thai food anywhere ELSE! you will leave Vegas with a new memory! Don't miss out. Come and enjoy with friends and family. You will not REGRET IT!
2	Ah Yelp photos let me down. I've been searching for more of a Thai style Tom Kha Gai and I literally searched through all Yelps of the Thai places in Vegas to find one similar to Lao Thai Kitchen which changed owners.I finally decided to try Ocha's version for lunch with some friends based on the photos I saw.First of all the restaurant is huge. It was actually pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon. We were seated promptly and there was one server. The price points are average for Thai food in Vegas. The dishes were on average $11-$12 which is okay. There's some cheaper places and some more expensive.The place wasn't so nice inside as the table was all beat up with some sharp areas you'll have to be careful of.We got pad thai which was good but nothing special. Not the best but most the worst. On the plus side it did stay nice and moist. We got Thai beef salad which was okay. It really just tasted like it was dressed with lime juice. It was really one note. There was pretty much just lettuce and some beef slices. Last we got the Tom Kha Gai. It was not good. I know that Laos and Thai people all make it different and I've had this soup many times. I've heard of the sour flavor from the soup coming from lime or tamarind. This place definitely used tamarind and it was super sour and super salty. You couldn't taste any spice just salt and sour. The portions of chicken and mushroom in here were generous though. I can't say that about the pad Thai or beef salad though.My two positives were that they gave us a generous serving of white rice & I believe the sticky rice was on the house. That reminds me their rice was not good. Sometimes you just want plain old white rice and they definitely didn't use jasmine rice. Otherwise it was not cooked well because it was dry.Overall our lunch kind of was lame. Service was slow as our server was pretty slammed so we were barely checked on. We also got our check super late BUT they were able to split it three ways and there wasn't a card minimum which is nice. I wouldn't recommend this place
4	Although a little bit on the pricey side (imo) it is the closest Asian joint to our new home so we had to give a go. I will admit everything we tried was very good.  The inside was very spacious. The decor felt like a typical Thai restaurant.
5	The service was great and very attentive. Food was amazing, Kung pao, pad se eew was on point! They have a stage with live music. Thai iced tea wasBomb dot com! Def try this place!
4	Came in for lunch on a Saturday. Not too many people there. The waiter was very attentive and offered suggestions when we had trouble deciding. Bonus points for memorizing our order and not writing it down. Service was quick, food was hot and it was tasty. Decor was pretty ugly, but no points lost there because my priority is how good the food tasted. One negative is finding a hair in the cucumber dish served with the chicken satay. I thoroughly checked everything else. Service and food is good.Cleanliness.......needs to improved.
3	Just moved into downtown, and ordered here after move-in day. When I walked in to carry out, the restaurant was full with a huge bachelorette party. Two women were belting out Lady Gaga over the karaoke machine, with the rest of the party singing along.  Be warned.Ordered Tom Kha and Chicken larb. The larb was okay.  As for the former, the reviews below are right: something is up with the Tom Kha soup. There's an odd nuttiness--almost like peanut butter--in the soup that clashes with both the coconut and any heat in the soup.  More positively, the tofu in the soup was fine, and there were a good amount of mushrooms.  Not sure I'll go back. Feeling scarred by the karaoke and confused by the Tom Kha.
4	Very authentic thai food! I had the beef jerky, pad thai, papaya salad and sticky rice ! All were delicious. They offer a huge thai tea ! I took off one star for the location. But I will definitely come back for the service and food.
4	Decent, large portions, cheap. It's no Le Thai of course, but don't be fooled or put off by the fact that the place is half Chinese. Aren't all the places in Vegas fusion anyways? Although Chinese/Thai food seems inauthentic in say LA, it's the norm in vegas.  We got the spicy basil chicken, pineapple fried rice and a third dish. Split between 3, it came out to 9.67 with tax and the portions were huge.  Not a bad option if you want food, and don't need a super hip atmosphere. (the place is sort of chinese restaurant too --- kinda ghetto heh)
5	Fab little Thai place on Las Vegas blvd, great food and great value should be busier.. Don't be put off by the area, service was attentive will be coming back.. My husband says to mention we got a large pot of rice.. Lol
5	Very good place to eat! The pad thai was delicious and fried rice with chicken too!! Everything is very cheap and all the waitress very friendly.
5	Great little place!  The waiter was amazing and took great care of us! He wasn't annoyed with "out of towners" and was happy to talk with us about more than the menu. Food was awesome too! It's off the beaten path but so worth the trip! They have karaoke one night and were bummed we missed it.
3	3.5 stars for the completely interesting experience. We came Saturday night around 9pm, and there was only one big group there celebrating a birthday. There was a DJ lady playing Youtube videos (by request) and occasionally singing. And top it all off with a parquet dance floor with disco ball for the big group's kids to jump around singing and dancing to LMFAO. We noted that it felt like we were at a 1990s prom. Amazing.The food was fine. The Thai tea is only $2 but was extremely sweet (like 2x a normal Thai tea). The pork pad see ew was decent, but not particularly flavorful or salty and saucy enough. I did really enjoy the Yum Nur Nam Tok though, which is grilled strips of beef, mint leaves, red onion, green onion, ground rice, and spicy sauce. This seems to be a late-night place. The restaurant started filling up more around 10pm.
5	So fantastic. Got my order to go. Was fast but fresh made. Ordered crispy won tons, sweet and sour chicken, pork fried rice and Thai tea. Yum, yum, yum, yum! Food was fresh, full of flavor and delicious. Definitely will eat here again.
5	Been craving their crispy won tons so had to come back. Friendly staff, fast service and most importantly great food at great prices!
5	Yummy food at a reasonable price. We were a little skeptical after reading reviews, but we were pleasantly surprised. Great Thai close to the strip. Great service too. We will return.
5	The neighborhood may not be the greatest, but the food makes up for it. Very tasty!I had the Pad Thai and asked them not to add any chili peppers or peanuts. It was really good and even hubby enjoyed it, even though he tells me he doesn't care for Thai food. He kept digging in for seconds, so I knew this dish changed his mind.He ordered the Chicken Chow Mein and this was also delish! The dish portions were generous, so we were able to share both items and we enjoyed our Christmas lunch!I also had the Thai Iced Tea and ohmygosh that was out of this world too! I nursed it so that I could enjoy it later...took it out with a to-go cup. YUM!!!!Hubby said he would come back, which means he liked the food! Me too...we'll be baaaack!
5	I was skeptical at first. I really wasn't sure what to expect from the place. I ordered red curry with shrimp spicy and my wife had green curry with shrimp and we shared Hawaiian fried rice. It's been two days since we were there and I'm craving my curry. The price was reasonable and the service was great. Both of our curry had more than enough shrimp and good flavor. The fried rice was excellent and even better the next day. We'll definitely going back.
4	Worth for you cost, food is tasty and I like spicy as I am from South India and as I asked for extra spicy they really cooked chicken fried rice and Penang curry as I was expecting to eat. Definitely good place for Togo style, restaurant ambiance is not good. Very near to stratosphere hotel and casino.
