5	We stopped in here this afternoon for a few drinks...what a beautiful, cool space on a hot summer afternoon!  The market itself hasn't been fully stocked but there's a great coffee bar (deeelicious iced americano) and a nifty automatic orange juice machine providing fresh squeezed, tart and tasty juice.  The owner was really friendly and informative...for example, did you know that the colanders hanging over the bar are collected and recycled from different restaurants around Pittsburgh?I'll have to update my review once i have a bite to eat or start shopping at the market.  But I'm thrilled that this place is a few blocks from my yoga studio in the Strip!
4	Ah.. nothing like the joy of serendipitously discovering good new food joints! Stopped here on our way home from the strip and boy were we glad. Since they were still in their soft-opening the groceries weren't stocked and the menu options were limited.. did try their potato leek soup - hearty and super tasty!Although their primary theme is that they will be selling locally-sourced organic produce, dairy, meat & specialty foods; it'll be unfair to call this place just another grocery store. With an industrial, loft-like setting it's a hybrid of a Whole Foods + a coffee bar + a casual & fresh cafe.  Watch this space for more updates as I have a vibe that I'll be visiting here quite often.
5	This is exactly what downtown Pittsburgh has been needing. I have waited for something to fill the spot from Right by Nature. This place has all of my must products that I usually have to run around to get all of. Plus the cafe is wonderful. The prices are right on with other specialty store plus it is really close to the Northside so it officially closer than any of the others. Way to go on the design, and implemntation of this place. My new Saturday spot and quick dinner ingredient go to!
3	A few friends and I have made our way back to Marty's a few times since the soft opening, and our primary takeaway is this:  soooooo expensive.  I get that they're independent, that they provide a lot of organic, vegan, specialty foods, but it is just prohibitively expensive, from the produce to the convenience foods to the iced coffee (over $3 for regular iced coffee?). The staff seem nice enough (if a bit slow) and I still love the atmosphere...but the prices?  It's a little much.
4	A couple of great things to check out are the bulk spices.  You can really get some wonderful deals hear, and you are not paying a lot for the packaging.  I love that the spices are housed in an antique card catalog.The other thing that is special is the cheese counter.  You can get some really excellent local artisan cheeses at Marty's.I think where Marty's excels is in their Cafe.  Really excellent food at very reasonable prices.  They have a creative menu and food you can rave about.There are also lots of special events and classes at Marty's, make sure you get on their mailing list of check their calendar.
4	With 2 hungry and tired 7 yr olds, and 1 hungry husband, I really wanted to go somewhere new. Being in the Strip, I knew I had eat at Marty's. After driving by, I decided to check Yelp for their business hours. "Breakfast and Brunch" is what it said. What? It was 6:38 and they *seemed* open. So I called them from the Yelp link. Me: "Hi, what time are you open until today?"Marty's: "We close our kitchen at 7:00". Me: (thinking oh great, this isn't an option). "Oh, so I guess we are too late?"Marty's: "We still have 20 good minutes for cooking".Me: "Oh thank you! We'll be right in". Street parking was easy so we all headed inside. There we found the rather open eating area accentuated by open glass walls and sunlight streaming in. Smiles from everyone inside helped to ease my "hurry up and order" feelings. The lovely women at the cash register helped the 4 of us to decide on ordering options. This was no easy task as the 2 children, who have rather sophisticated paletes, where not diggin' the food descriptions. And....one of them is a vegetarian and one allergic to milk products and has IBS. Thinking our orders would be bagged for a ToGo order, I was quite surprised when we were shown to a table already set with filled water glasses and utensils in place for our meal. "They are being really fantastic and it is closing time" I thought. "Perhaps they have us confused with somebody of importance?  No vacuums or sweeping around our feet or tables being restocked with condiments for the next day. No frowns or displeasure could be detected from the open kitchen. Nothing like that at all. In fact, you would have thought they just opened for the day. After a total of about 10mins, all 4 meals were delivered to our table, piping hot and freshly made. Seemed nothing had been sitting under a warming light.So now we get to the food:  Truth be told, there were mixed reviews. For myself, the homemade potato chips were pretty good. Perhaps a bit of salt and pepper or homemade horseradish/ranch type dressing would have made them fantastic. The Crispy Goat Cheese and Carmalized Onion Salad was genius! The blended flavors, including a vinaigrette dressing, textures and amount combined for a perfect 10! I can't seem to get that salad out of my mind. A true foodie love affair has begun here. I mistakenly over ordered and still had an entire BBQ sandwich sitting in front of me. Half went to the hubby, who thought it was awesome. I kept half, just to take a small bite mind you. I ate the entire half, sans the cheese, and agreed with the hubby.  The homemade pickles atop the BBQ are another genius culinary move. Only thing that could have made it better for this fire lovin' gal would have been fresh cut jalapenos. My hubby's ordered meal, Parpadelle With Fresh Grilled Veggies, was good. A bit bland but good. That being said, the vegetarian 7yr.old loved it! This was a good thing because she didn't like her Bacon-less BLT sandwich because of the homemade mustard. By the way, hubby and I loved it and can't wait to order it as a complete BLT.Child #2, who normally doesn't like pasta with tomato sauce because of IBS, LOVED her Spaghetti. The meatballs received an "okay" rating from her but were gobbled up by the hubby who gave his paata to 7yr old #1.In the end, all plates were returned to the kitchen completely clear of food. If not by the orderer, by someone else at the table.During the musical plates dinner, the service was invisibly impeccable. Meaning that waters were filled, plates cleared, extra napkins were provided and smiles present all without being a disruption to our mealtime interaction.The only reason that I didn't give Marty's a 5th star is that I did not get to experience the grocery side. I will be returning to try more menu items, check out the groceries and to continue my foodie love affair with my Goat Cheese Salad boyfriend.By the way, I have a feeling we were not being mistaken for anyone of particular importance. Just Marty's Market's way of treating everyone as royalty.
4	YUM. My mom and I had gone to the History Center for the "Pittsburgh Treasures" event and were heading out of the Strip to go to one of my favorite brunch places, Coca Cafe. As we cruised down Smallman Street, we noticed the new market and glimpsed some table seating. I was curious to see what they had to offer and the lack of a line appealed to my grumbling tummy. I got a free meter spot right out front and we walked in one of the open garage doors. The store is nicely arranged and the cafe area is airy and inviting. The menu looked good and the prices not unreasonable for similar type places. I ordered the sweet polenta with dried fruit and slivered almonds and, because my eyes were bigger than my stomach, a side of eggs over easy with some potatoes. My mom went with the brioche french toast with cinnamon butter and maple syrup. I had a few bites of hers and it was nicely done and very tasty. I loved my polenta. I'm not sure exactly how they made it, but it had a distinct cinnamon flavor and what I thought was a taste of orange. It was sweet, but not too sweet, so the fruit was just the perfect addition and not too much. The eggs and potatoes were perfectly fine, though I think they could season up the potatoes a bit more. The coffee was drinkable, which is saying a lot coming from me. Mom had tea which appeared to come in a hand-filled tea bag. They lose huge points for serving it with a hot cup of water rather than a lidded pot to avoid heat loss. She was away from the table when it arrived, so I promptly put the bag in the water and used the saucer for a lid. Mom, nonetheless thought it was a good cup of tea, so that's the important point. The woman who took our order at the cash register was very friendly and pleasant and the subsequent table service was good. I will definitely come back here when I find myself hungry in the Strip. We did wander into the store to see what they had to offer, and I echo the sentiments I've read from others--extremely overpriced and limited selection. I don't shop at Whole Foods, but if they're not beating their prices then that's a serious problem. I did note that they had a lot of gluten free products, which might be a reason to go if you'd like a wider variety of options than you may find elsewhere. There were a number of interesting items that I haven't seen elsewhere, but I would never do any "regular" shopping here. They may do well to focus nearly exclusively on unique specialty products that other similar groceries don't carry, or lower some of their prices for more staple options.
4	Glad to see a new store move into this space.  The store was very clean, and the steaks at the meat counter looked terrific.  The space is very open...maybe a little too open on the grocery side of the store.Anyway, I was there to eat lunch because of the inviting open garage doors and coffee bar with stools on the outside of the building.  I wasn't sure what to order, so asked for advice on whether I should order the Pulled Pork Sandwich or the BLT.  Ended up with the pulled pork, and was very pleased.  The sandwich was constructed on chibatta bread with pickles, cheese, and a sweet tomato based bbq sauce.  Homemade chips on the side.The pickles seemed to be homemade and were delicious.  The cheese (can't recall which type) but really stood out without over powering the rest.  The pork was tender, and the bbq sauce was very good.  The chips were okay, not my favorite.With all the hard surfaces in the store, it was relatively quite mostly because most tables were filled with one or two people and there weren't large groups.  The place needs some light dining/shopping music.I really want a good pulled pork sandwich or any bbq in this city with a good carolina vinegar based bbq sauce instead of the tomato based.  I like Union Pig and Chicken's vinegar, but can get much better.
4	Such a beautiful market! The layout is modern and clean, and the produce selection was excellent in my opinion. It may vary day to day, since they use local farmers. We get our CSA from Clarion River Organics so I was happy to see their products in the produce section. I love the setup of this place. They don't have a lot, but literally everything I need and the prices are not super cheap, but it's a local business, so I'm willing to support. The bulk foods section is great for grains or nuts. I also think their freezer section has a good selection of products. Haven't tried their cafe yet, but cannot wait to come back. My only gripe is their hours. If they opened a bit earlier and closed a bit later, I think the 9-5'ers would be more drawn to stop in before or after work. I work until 6pm so sometimes barely make it in, and it would be lovely to pick up some snacks on my way to work. All in all, super thrilled to have a new local market fill the space of what used to be!
3	CAFE:I loved the layout.. open to the outside, very inviting.The menu didn't have anything i was interested in. Not paying $3 for a tea.I eat gluten free (paleo) and there wasn't anything on there for me. Not to worry, MEAT COUNTER:The beef was grain finished so that's a pass for me. I'm sure the quality is high, but I don't eat grain fed beef if I can help it.Picked up a pork shoulder  at $3.50 a pound ($2 a pound at costco for CAFO) but it's pastured organic so it's actually a very good price when comparing apples to apples.  The meat was excellent quality and very generous size (18 pounds total, 2 shoulders), however I was disappointing that it was de-boned.  I'm going to talk to them about getting bone in BBQ cuts for the future, they were very open to working with me and very friendly.   I'm hopeful that this could be a place for me to buy local organic cuts for my BBQ.GROCERYDidn't really give it a good look over.. but they have 3 or 4 aisles of food and a refrigerated section.PRODUCE:Produce quality seemed good, but selection is limited. They aren't currently offering bulk produce, however they did seem open to the idea when I asked about it.FINAL THOUGHTSIn closing they have some potential. Staff was friendly and open to suggestions. They personally thanked me for supporting them and that means a lot to me. To step up their game they need to offer some lunch specials in the correct price range, and would love to see some non-sandwich based items such as kabobs or BBQ ribs.Right now the only reason I would go back is to possibly get some meat, but there are other options for that, so if they want to retain me they need to give me more reasons to go, like a good lunch special or meat sale.
3	Marty's Market is a beautiful store, but honestly I'm scared for them. Their renovation looks amazing, the staff I encountered were friendly, and they stock some interesting items. That said, if I lived in the immediate area I couldn't see myself doing my regular grocery shopping there. To me it definitely seemed like more of a gourmet/specialty shop. When we visited on a Saturday there were maybe a dozen other shoppers in the store at a time when the Strip is very busy.They said they would be markedly different from Right By Nature, but it seems that they put themselves in an even smaller niche market and will have an even more difficult time staying profitable. And perhaps they do carry a large variety of local produce and other items, but I still saw the standard "big box" organic and natural foods items that I would find at Whole Foods, TJs, etc. except, of course, at higher prices. RBN at least had the benefit of carrying some regular grocery brands and convenience items like paper plates and whatnot, which opened up the store to the more "typical" shopper, but Marty's is all specialty.While I loved the store and enjoyed my trip, I sadly don't see how it can survive where Right By Nature didn't. They are suffering from the same lack of advertising and lack of a base clientele in the immediate area as their predecessor. But I truly hope they grow and succeed.
4	I can't speak to the quality of the supermarket. It was very clean nice and open. I bought some awesome hard to find crackers that were delicious, but the thing I want to talk about is the coffee bar. First of all the barista was skilled.... I use to be one and I know my coffee and so did he. They brew and sell Coava coffee there which is pretty awesome stuff out of Portland, Oregon. To test the barista I ordered a Macchiato which shows their ability to handle the steaming of the milk and the draw of the espresso. It was very good with a nice fern leaf marked in the foam. I would recommend the coffee there for sure.
4	I have found my new perfect work spot! Weird, you say, because this is a market? But it's not just a market, but a cafe as well! They have a full coffee bar that reminds me of 21st Street Coffee down the street. They are, as well, serious about their coffee!You can take a seat at many of the tables and enjoy a warm cup of chai, in my case, at least! Or grab lunch from their fresh and seasonal menu. I've had a delicious pear salad, with candied walnuts and goat cheese. It was on the small side, so I'd encourage you to grab a soup to go along with it. You will probably notice the prices are not cheap. But that sort of thing comes with the territory of carrying local and fresh produce. I'm really into all the varieties of products I've never seen before. Better yet, they look so good I usually have to buy them (good job on their part!). I've found they have an awesome selection of Lara Bars and this certain grapefruit juice that isn't that sugary sweet crap you get from Minute Maid.I've still got a lot of ground to cover with ordering fresh meats and cheeses from their specialty counter. But I don't doubt I'll get to that... After all, this IS my new "office."
2	There are many wonderful things about Marty's- unfortunately service isn't one of them. The food is great for the most part ...and I love the design of the cafe. I really want this place to make it. But the staff could be much more attentive and friendly. We called at 10 am to place a lunch order for 6 people and asked for it to be ready at 11:45. We arrived to pick up at 11:50 and were met with clueless stares. I said "are you sure you don't have this order?" and because it wasn't on the iPad they said no we don't have it. So we spent almost 10 minutes scrambling to call and text people to get their orders so we could re-order. Then I was able to confirm that indeed the order was placed through a specific employee and I shared his name. Only then did the girl at the counter check with her co workers. Moments later she comes back to say "we do have the order. But it's not ready." (mind you after we already re-ordered). Last straw is that they packed the food and it sat there for 5 minutes until I asked the guy "is that our food?" to which he replied "I don't know, is it?" - totally lame rude and unacceptable for a place with these prices and trying to be upscale. Total fail Marty's because there was no apology or attempt to say we sorry screwed this order up. Just plain bad service and very disappointing.
5	The cafe item I had here was very good.  The grocery section is not cheap but it's not crazy either.  The prices are in line with a small specialty grocer.  They have bioclean for example cheaper then anywhere else I have seen it for sale.  They also have a lot of items I can't find anywhere else.  I like that.  They have a butterscotch soda that reminds me of the butter beer at the harry potter exibit at universal Oralando.
4	This supermarket has a great little cafe and coffee bar.  I had the breakfast sandwich which was delicious and included house made sausage and fresh sourdough bread.  And the cold press coffee was fantastic.  It happened to be a nice day so I sat outside but they also have plenty of inside seating.  My only complaint is that it's a little pricey (their supermarket items as well) and the portions are small, but it is very tasty and of high quality.  Service was fast and friendly--you order at the counter then they bring it out to you and come by for drink refills, etc.
4	This review is just for the coffee bar......and it's good. Real good. They carry Coava coffee from Portland, which doesn't get enough love on the East Coast. It's excellent stuff that is a tad cheaper than other high quality beans you can find in Pittsburgh (Counter Culture, Intelligentsia, Ritual). Also, they do coffee tastings every other Saturday which seem fun, but I haven't made it to one yet. On my Pittsburgh to-do list!
4	I have been to this market multiple times now and tried out a variety of items.  Overall the story is beautiful and well laid out, but some of the prices are shocking.  Being on a low carb diet I was able to find many items that are acceptable for me to eat which was nice.  I am also a big fan of the meat and cheese counter and its selection. I will definitely be back for specialty items, but I don't know that I would be here everyday!
4	Food and drinks are so delicious
4	This review is really just for the cafe, I didn't venture afterwards to the store part or coffee bar.It's a nice, simple, clean set up they have.  Both indoor and out (they appear to be dog friendly on the patio/deck thing they have).  Simple tables and chairs, some high, some low.  Open area, no real separation from the store, and it was bright, so bright you may have needed your sunglasses indoors.There was a mix of food brought to the table.  Unfortunately I wasn't able to try it all, but what I did sample was amazing.  I had a grilled chicken sandwich and some of their homemade potato chips.  Also on the table was smoked turkey sandwiches, fresh made hummus with homemade pita chips and a barley salad.  Another nice little touch they have here is a person plays the piano.  It's no overhead typical radio songs drowning out the conversation.  It's a real live person playing songs you would have never thought to have heard come from a piano.  And it kind of makes you feel old when you hear something like Boyz II Men played on a piano.
4	This place has won me over.  At first I didn't really get it and was confused here.  Do I shop for groceries?  Do I order prepared food?  Where do I order?  Do I get waited on?  Is there alcohol served?  whats up with the island in the middle?  Do i order coffee separate at the coffee bar?  The set up was not typical and I shied away.  Now it's become one of my spots on the reg.  I love the coffee window and the HOOoooo jolt from the cold brew coffee or espresso.  The sandwiches are delicious and to order just go up to the island and they give you a number.  Sit wherever u want inside or out...the salads are also really good.  This is quality and you get what ya pay for.  Can't speak for the groceries...oh and it's Byob.  Do it!  bring it!  Especially for brunch mimosas.
4	As an AirBnB host we struggle sometimes to give breakfast recommendations out to our guests. Sure we want to send them to Pamela's or Coca for the best taste of what the 'Burgh has to offer, but then you have to explain to them all about the potential waits, when to get there, how to phone in a table, etc. Along game Marty's and saved us from all that hassle [for now, until you all read this and ruin our good thing]. We've sent so many satisfied guests to Marty's that it's now our only recommendation. Of course, we love it ourselves too. The breakfast and lunch menus are simple, short, and tasty. There's usually enough variety for everyone and they stick to what I would consider a just-enough philosophy: you'll always leave full, but never stuffed. That's a good thing, everybody.Their ham omelet for breakfast is a household favorite. The griddle bread is amazing and the potatoes are flavorful and crispy. Get a fresh 'green' juice while your at it and add some years onto your life!
4	This is for the cafe only. For what it is: some of the best breakfast food I've had in a while. The eggs benedict (salmon) was close to perfect, with a delicious homemade sauce and perfectly cooked fresh eggs. The potatoes were truly fantastic. Also, high quality coffee. And my partner also enjoyed her latte greatly. Highly recommended, though based on a limited sampling so far. (PS The store did look nice with a good selection of high end food, though it appeared pricey).
3	We entertained some out of town guests here this morning for breakfast. Our friends appreciated the vegetarian options and took advantage of the in-house grocery to pick up some healthy snacks for their toddler. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Canadian Bacon. The egg was cooked to perfection. However, it was lacking in the bacon department. I wasn't expecting a pile of ham, but I don't even think there was even 1 oz worth. It was probably the equivalent to one slice of standard bacon split between two halves of a English muffin. Kind of weak especially when you know traditional Eggs Benedict has a nice thick slice of good ham.The meal was served with a side of bibb lettuce leaves with a light and refreshing dressing. It was tasty and I had no problem eating all of it to get more of that dressing! So good.In all, I'd definitely come back again for breakfast and I'd also love to to try their regular lunch/dinner menu.
5	After watching Steve the butcher give a demo at Hometown Homegrown, I quickly became enamored of this place. It's since become my favorite place to buy meat. The cuts are fresher than I've gotten anywhere else, and what's more, I know that I'm a) putting money in the pocket of a local rancher, and b) avoiding loading up my body with mystery hormones. It might be a few bucks more, but the quality is absolutely worth it. The butchers will also happily help you choose the cut that meets your needs, and helpfully explain why.As for the rest of the store -- I'll be honest, I go there for the meat and usually just pick up a few odds and ends that catch my eye. Often from their wide variety of artisanal chocolates!Even if you only go for the butcher shop, though, it's worth the trip -- and the occasional street parking hassle.
3	I love the space and really want Marty's Market to succeed. I just ate breakfast here for the 4th or 5th time, and will likely keep supporting it. I encourage you to support it, too -- it's really a great market with a lot of potential.That said, I think the Marty's Market folks should escape the Pittsburgh winter and make a trip to Palm Dessert, California, where they can get a lesson from Clementine Gourmet Marketplace & Cafe. Compared to a place like Clementine, Marty's is "Pittsburgh good," meaning okay but not outstanding. I really want Marty's to succeed and be great! Pittsburgh needs you!
5	This review is limited to their delicious brunch. The food is nothing fancy but does an excellent job of making quality delicious breakfast entrees.
3	Behind the counter, she wiped her foot with a foot cloth, then served food to people. We didn't get that food but damn if we weren't sitting there waiting on our eggs Benedict and instead we were served the Benediction of bacterial infection. However off putting that was -- and I'm typically not one to mention a singular isolated incident in a review but it was just so odd -- The food was excellence in its decadence. The breakfast sandwich was served on French Toast. I dig the counter set up for brunch inside the market. It looks like a perfect local business to be an alternative to Whole Foods. Where the Strip is a bit wooly, this place is slick. For such a dense area, this is one of a better sit down brunch options. Despite the footwiping foot handler, I'll be back when in town.
4	Hubs didn't get what he wanted to try because they were out, but eggs benedict with salmon.... devine! Also the coffee and tea were mighty fresh. We will be back.
3	Cool market at 23rd and Smallman past the Strip.  They validate parking in the lot if you spend $35.  You don't have to go to the kiosk in the parking garage, just proceed to the exit gate with your ticket.  The market was in a transition, I think, on my visit.  Racks of stuff coming in and out.  It was a little sparse and a little expensive but they're on the right track.  Local, organic, healthy.  They need to source some raw milk.  If you're avoiding dairy, you should try raw milks and cheeses.  They are easier to digest and healthier for you especially goat as opposed to cow.  The cafe wasn't open so I couldn't sample anything to eat or enjoy coffee.  Too bad, I was hungry for dinner and could have gone for a bite.  They had some terrific looking proteins and the cheese department is one of the best I have seen in Pittsburgh.
4	Great space.  Had breakfast today.  Orange juice was the freshest I've had in along time.  Veggie omelet was prepared to perfection.  The breakfast sammich vegan was fantastic.  I will be back to support this market.  Can't wait to try something else.
5	This place just gets better and better. The bacon from the butcher counter is just wonderful, and has an unusual flavor. The breakfast menu had gotten better recently. The eggs benedict is just delicious!
5	One of my favorite spots.  Quality!  Cookies that rival Nancy B's...expensive but worth every penny.  Try the chicken/bacon/avocado sandwich.  It's 5 star worthy...comes with beet chips.  Love love the coffee bar here too.
3	Marty's Market. There are two sides of it to mention:The cafe/restaurant - you'll slurp your coffee/eat your brunch near large windows, with lots of natural light, or if the weather permits, on a small outside patio. I enjoyed that myself quite a few times. I'd go back for the location - located in the middle of the Strip District, the coffee bar offers a nice hangout/chill spot after you've done lots of walking and shopping. 4 stars.The store - Marty's Market focuses on high quality food and you do get items that anywhere else would be labeled as "exquisite". If you're willing to pay for it, this is your place. Well, I am not. I don't see the point of paying $3.99 for a cucumber. Where I come from a cucumber costs 49 cents at Aldi (okay maybe German grocery prices aren't really applicable) but you get the point. Expect to pay A LOT. Not sure if the regular clientele really cares but I do find it overly and unnecessarily expensive. 2 stars.
1	After several visits giving a new place the benefit of the doubt, my friend and I had our last visit to Marty's today.  Let me first say that the food is limited but tasty. After that, nothing is consistently good...even for regulars. Coffee takes forever once seated and never refilled. If you ask, you are charged...and sometimes served in a paper cup when they run out of serving cups. That's happened three times...even when I've seen clean cups at the coffee bar. The wait staff are unorganized and walk around a lot in circles and then stand and talk while prepared food sits and gets cold. We had cold food served to us twice. The wrong food was served today along with the paper coffee cups...again...with no apology, as if it's acceptable in a high-priced wannabe. When the wrong food was served, my friend finally complained and sent it back. His complaint was followed by a visit to the table by the "owner." All she could muster up for service recovery was, "Thanks for the input."  Are you kidding me? No apology...no attempt to comp coffees...even in paper cups.  What a joke. I don't know how an entrepreneur dependent on return business can afford to be so nonchalant. Good luck to you and Marty's whoever you are since you also failed to identify yourself.  I hate to see another strip district casualty, but this place is doomed.
4	Food:  Exceptionally nice, a little pricey, but good.Shopping:  I was a little underwhelmed by the grocery section - some of the things were grossly overpriced, and with the availability of so many foods on the internet there's no reason to be charging that much for marinara sauce!  I was a little disappointed that there weren't more local organic/farm foods (it was September, so there should have been more)
4	I loved this cafe for the atmosphere. It's very minimal and clean, with lots of sunlight.The food was decent - I had the eggs benedict with salmon. It wasn't otherworldly, but I left satisfied. I think Marty's is worth a visit primarily for the atmosphere.
3	Upgrading Marty's - have gone back and while service is still mediocre and somewhat slow, the food really is well prepared - and it's always fresh, seasonal and delicious. This would be a five if their service could catch up to the atmosphere and food.
4	Marty's Market is a cool spot in the Strip District neighborhood of Pittsburgh.  While The Strip is a hustling and bustling place on a Sunday morning/afternoon, Marty's Market, located on Smallman, is nicely set out of the bustle with easy-to-find parking.  I came for brunch and I was pleased with the menu selection.  I went for the breakfast "sammich" which I was able to substitute the sausage for bacon.  It was pretty delicious and affordable.  They have a full coffee bar but the wait is a little long for even a hot tea.  The wait was a little long for everything, but, it was a beautiful day, the garage door walls were open, and the sun was shining.Not hungry while you're there?  Then just go grocery shopping.  Because this eatery is located smack in the middle of a market.  Also, MAJOR bonus, the kitchen is open concept so you can watch the chefs cooking.  Why is this a bonus you ask?  There's a chef on staff who could be a dead ringer for Ryan Gosling.  You're welcome.
1	OVERPRICED. They pretend to be this cool hipster land. What is so good about this place? I enjoy grocery shopping 10 times more at whole foods and Trader Joe's, at least there are unlimited options to buy from. Have you been to Eataly in NYC? Or any small local grocery shop in Paris or any European city?  Point is that any well travelled person will laugh at this "market". It is just funny. I had the misfortune of eating brunch here one time, and for the overpriced brunch, this is what I got: First we did not have any silverware at our table, which we were sharing with other people, our food came but we kept trying to call the waitress who was just super busy..to give us some silverware to eat it, and the quantity for somebody who is hungry. ha ha, forget it, go home and cook something yourself again to feel that you have eaten something. I mean isn't "brunch" a combination of breakfast and LUNCH? Good that we did not take guests here, saved ourselves from the embarrassment. You want have brunch, drive 4 more minutes  towards Lawrenceville on butler street, and go to Coca cafe instead..
4	The Strip District is one of my favorite neighborhoods in Pittsburgh. Lots of restaurants and markets, bursting with local flavor. Authentic Pittsburgh goodness. I had brunch at Marty's Market with Christine on a sunny Saturday morning. It was the perfect place for a long overdue catch up session. Everything about Marty's market, from the seasonal menu to the modern market space is right up my alley. I have a special love for brunch and a weakness for poached eggs. They also have a number of vegetarian options. Obviously, I couldn't turn down the Eggs Florentine ($8). Poached organic eggs, spinach, and hollandaise sauce on an English muffin. I've never seen such pale hollandaise, but it was still flavorful and creamy. I satisfied my craving for freshly squeezed orange juice. I also ordered a side of their house vegan sausage ($3.50). The "sausage" patties were nicely browned and very meaty. I don't know what all the ingredients are, but the fennel definitely makes a big difference. I took one patty to go so John could try it too.
2	I was excited to take my mom here for a mother's day brunch... but maybe I should have taken it for a test drive first.Overall, I like what they're trying to do here in concept... but they need to do some SERIOUS work on their wait/host staff and kinks in their service. Here's how my experience went and my overall observations.You'll notice in my notes below, that food and atmosphere were very good. With these two things in their favor, they really need to get the other things in line, in order to have a successful food service business.I've been to 5-star restaurants in major cities and other countries... and used to have a highly established F&W publication as a client... so I'm no novice.Besides the food, atmosphere, and the company at my table... it was not a good experience.If you want to go there to sit on your computer and drink one cup of coffee (because they won't ask you if you want more), then have at it. NOT a place for a special occasion brunch.Service and customer treatment was VERY poor. See below...1. HOSTESS -- We were there 15 mins earlier than our reservation. I checked in and said I knew we were early but asked if they may be able to seat us early. The place was 80% open or I would not have asked. I was told they would be ready for us at the time we made the reservation. We patiently waited... I checked in with the hostess to ask if we could sit at a table outside when they sat us (we noticed a plethora of open tables)... the hostess said she'd "have to think about it" (her words) and I stood by while she sat other guests. Eventually she acknowledged me, saying they'd get one of those tables outside ready. Our party stepped outside (sidewalk where outdoor dining area was in-view) since it was beautiful out, to wait. It was 10 minutes past our reservation and there was no table being prepped for us. Finally, we saw someone setting napkins and glasses out for 4 -- since we witnessed nobody else seated outside in the meantime -- and instead of dealing with the incompetent hostess again... we sat down.2. FOOD -- It was actually quite good. Although nothing to write home about, if I'm being honest. Everything was overall tasty, fresh and hot though. 3. TABLE SERVICE / OTHER STAFF -- Once we sat down, we were asked by two people if we "had a reservation," if they had "seated us" and if we "checked in with the hostess." I politely said yes to all, figuring they could work it out on their own. I didn't think I needed to recap my earlier experience. We had to wait another 5 minutes at least for water and menus. Again, the place was sparse with guests. When the waitress came by, there were no pleasantries exchanged, or "have you been here before" -- There was a prix fixe menu with various courses. I asked if we were supposed to order all courses (drinks, app, entree, dessert) at once or how they preferred it, and the waitress looked at me like I had 4 heads and said "all of it now would be great" (her words), okay then...Coffee and tea arrived - no cream or milk - we had to ask for it. They only brought enough sweetener for the one person that asked (although we all needed it). Never once during the meal asked if we'd like a refill on coffee or tea.... or any other drinks for that matter.Wait staff was not friendly nor attentive. I could give more examples throughout the meal, but you get the picture.4. ATMOSPHERE -- great. Loved it.
4	If you hate whole foods but like the same type of products, this is a good alternative. It's industrial, well lit and the hipsters have caught on! Local honey there comes at a good value.
4	Great eggs benedict brunch!  Perfectly poached eggs and the hollandaise sauce was mild.  The windows/doors were open as it was a beautiful day outside so the atmosphere was open and airy.  Friendly staff, good food - no complaints!  If you're in the area and looking for a bite to eat, I would recommend Marty's.  I didn't explore the grocery sections, so my comments are only for the breakfast/brunch.
4	Great place in Pittsburgh to score some healthier eats.  It's off the beaten path which was nice.  I only wish I would have made it in time to enjoy the cafe food which closed at 3pm.  The coffee bar is open longer and is a great place to take a break.
3	Review for cafe only:Arrived for an impromptu brunch outing at 11 AM on a Saturday. Really impressed by the look of the market and cafe area. Great atmosphere and bright, airy environment with large potted plants, sleek modern design, and an open kitchen.  First impressions were all very good.Service - We waited in line to be seated, admittedly behind a larger party. The tables in the cafe were just over half full at this point. Now, it could be that our party of two blended in with the group in front of us, but regardless, no one bothered to greet us. After what seemed like a few minutes, the larger group was seated. No one had yet to greet us after another four or fives minutes. Finally, a waitress asked us if we had been helped, and we replied, no we had not. She motioned vaguely to "the guy in the orange shirt" who was the host, and that he'd be over to help us shortly. Instead, we watched him deliver plates for a few minutes more. Understaffed? Maybe. But that's still no excuse for having us wait almost ten minutes to even be formally acknowledged. During this time, there were about four or five employees bustling about a work area immediately in front of us and adjacent to the front of the cafe. All seemed quite busy, and none found time to seat us during this time.Finally, someone (not the host) realized how long our small party had been waiting, and came over to seat us. She began to seat us inside, but we asked for an outside table. She happily obliged and provided us with glasses, a bottle of water and menus.After waiting a few more minutes, our server came over to greet us. She was super friendly, but seemed inexperienced and somewhat aloof.Food - Great selection of items on a well-curated menu. A lot of vegetarian and vegan options, and the friendly offer on the bottom of the menu suggested that many items more could be made vegetarian or vegan, if desired. Ordered coffee, a spicy tomato juice (essentially a house-made bloody mary mix), and eggs benedict with salmon. My partner ordered the vegan sausage patties. The vegan sausage came with a side of toasted ciabatta, and both mains came with a side salad. The food and drink came promptly and was all excellent. Everything homemade and quite tasty. The eggs benedict featured eggs poached perfectly and a really delicious yet light hollandaise sauce. The side salads were of mixed greens and featured a very basic vinaigrette which was good, but might have benefited from a touch more flavor. The vegan sausage patties were quite well executed as well. The coffee was really good - but not once was I offered a refill. Perhaps refills cost extra, but the offer was never made.After we were over 2/3 down with eating, our server stopped by, noticed our toast, and suggested that she could bring us some complimentary jam to go with it. It was a very nice offer - and the jam really was quite good - but just odd that she didn't think to suggest this earlier. I'll stress again that she really was quite friendly - but overall impressions of her service were that she was a bit inexperienced.After a particularly long stretch after our plates were cleared, we were just sitting at our table without any further visits from our waitress. We enjoyed the chance to relax in the nice weather outside. But after perhaps ten more minutes had passed, we decided that we had better be proactive and seek out our server for our check. She happily obliged and brought the check over.The upshot - if judged on food and atmosphere alone, this place would get five stars. Factoring in the lackluster service, it gets three. Since reviews on Yelp complaining about the service date back to 2012, it's clearly an ongoing challenge for Marty's. I'll be back - probably in a month or two to see how things are going - but if the service is a repeat of today's experience, I'll probably not plan any future outings here.
5	I went here for lunch, they seated us quickly.  The food came out pretty quick also . So it would be a good place to go during work lunch break.   I had the turkey sandwhich it was really good with a side of field greens I loved the dressing on the salad!   Theres also a nice coffee bar, they have cold drinks and specialty coffee drinks,  and the coffee bar opens up to the outside so can can grab a coffee if your just walking by!
5	I always try to give places a second chance, and I am pleased to say that it paid off. I returned to Marty's Market for brunch today. My friend and I were promptly seated. I barely had time to recall the last visit issues when a server came to check on what I would like to eat. She was awesome. I didn't wait for anything. Food was delicious and served promptly. Coffee came with free refills, and the tab was extremely reasonable. GO MARTY'S!!! You made my morning. Now I have a new favorite brunch location. I recommend it to everyone.
4	Great breakfast dishes. Organic and local produce suppliers. Just a little long of a wait after we were seated because they seem short staffed. But it was made up for in great service afterwards.
5	It's about that place you CAN NOT miss if you are at the Strip. Come over and see it for yourselfGreat customer service people, very passionate about the business.
4	I think Marty's is great. It's a beautiful, bright, open health food market and a sweet little cafe in one. The menu is an interesting one, and while some of the items are familiar, they play around with flavors and always put their own twist on things. I am partial to the baked eggs -- yum!The space, as I mentioned, is quite large and quite light-filled. The produce is gorgeous -- if I lived in the area, I doubt I'd go anywhere else for my apples, lettuce and cucumbers! There's also quite a nice variety of dry goods, and most everything is organic and a little on the pricy side. While I didn't check out the meat shop, I am told it's pretty great, just like the rest of Marty's. Definitely check them out for breakfast/brunch, and don't forget to order the fresh-squeezed orange juice!
5	Their breakfast is great. The eggs benny with salmon is one of my favorite breakfasts in the city.
4	- Love the layout and look of everything- bright, clean, open, modern, simple. - Hubby and I went on a Friday morning for breakfast and the menu was simple yet sufficient. - They gladly catered to our dietary/allergy needs- THANK YOU! - The food was yummy & the service was great, we will definitely be back!
5	Simply put, the ambiance is bright and inviting. The cafe adjoins the actual market. The food is prepared with care and the service is prompt. I had the special most recently which was a Caesar salad. Delicious! Finished the plate and wanted more (but didn't need more).Great place!
3	Marty's is a beautiful little upscale grocery and cafe on the Strip. For the type of business that they are, I can't speak highly enough about the ambiance: bright, natural light, cool murals, open kitchen and a nice, airy feel throughout. Marty's is two businesses, so I'll split my review accordingly:The market gets a solid 3 1/2 stars from me; it is a great space with some creative details (like the repurposed library catalog for the spices) and there's some reasonable value given the location. I really like the two dollar small spice packets, which is a little pricier than bulk, but better quality than most bulk bins and much cheaper than the typical spice jars that you find in a grocery store. Their butcher is very good. Overall selection is on the small side. Prices are mostly competitive with Whole Foods. Service here is friendly.As for the cafe, sadly 2 stars. The food is pretty good, although not spectacular. Just solid food made with decent basic ingredients. The coffee is better, and espresso drinks from the bar are some of the better cups that I've had around town. Service is deficient. I can't tell if they're understaffed or what, but table busing was very slow (we were quoted a 1/2+ hour wait when there were three open tables in plain sight) and wait service was not much faster. The hostess was unpleasant. Our table had garbage stuffed in one of the sugar holders (and there was no sugar, just stevia left). My order was mixed up. On the other hand, our waitress was friendly. But that alone couldn't cover up for the long interval waits (for fresh cream and sugar after receiving our coffee, for our food, for our check). Overall a pretty disappointing experience. To leave this review on a good note, however, the bathrooms were very clean (as was most of the store and restaurant space).
2	If you are in The Strip, you have a plethora of grocery options at your fingertips. Marty's Market would be my last choice because they only have a small selection of random things, and a lot of empty space. They do not specialize in anything in particular (except maybe overpriced "health foods") and they have less vegan and/or local foods than one would expect from this type of store. I most recently stopped in hoping for some fresh baked goods, but they do not have a bakery or sell local baked goods, except bread. Even the in-store coffee shop did not have any of the usual accompaniments (you know, muffins, cookies, scones etc.). So with all the other coffee shops and specialty markets around, I don't see how Marty's adds anything special to the area. The customer service seems to be great but that's not enough for me to waste my time looking at the typical packaged natural food items here when I could be finding unique buys at other nearby retailers.
2	Great atmosphere- horrible service, meals were all brought out at different times and 3 out of the 4 meals were wrong.
2	My food took 50 minutes to arrive. I was at a table of 2 and it was a Wednesday afternoon. Such terrible service. It even took us a while just to get our table.  When our food came our soup was luke warm and the sandwich wasn't even hot. Honestly. So many better places to go when in the strip. I'm very disappointed in the service and the product. I won't be going again.
4	Marty's Market is such a great addition to the Strip.  I accidentally came across this place while looking for a parking spot a busy Saturday morning a few years ago and am so happy I did! It is a great health food market/ cafe/ coffee bar that serves and sells fresh, high quality food. The ambiance is bright, open and inviting which makes you want to pull up a seat at the coffee bar, order a latte and hang around for a while. Their brunch menu is only served on the weekends from 9am - 3pm and is the perfect way to start your day in the Strip. Definitely ask to sit outside and dine "al fresco" if the weather is nice. They offer a lot of healthy, vegan and vegetarian options on their menus (lunch and brunch). When coming for brunch, recommend enjoying the Portuguese baked eggs with peppers and tomatoes, topped with parmesan cheese and served with a little salad and griddled bread.
5	This is what food is supposed to be.  If you are sick of greasy comfort food and you want to treat your body right, eat here.  The pumpkin pancakes are spectacular!
5	I may have a slight addiction to Marty's Market... But please, let me explain. You'll totally understand!I've been to Marty's a handful of times in the past, but I started really going in earnest about a month ago. My husband and I decided to embark upon a week-long Buy Fresh Buy Local Challenge to see if we could make about 75% of our meals for the week from locally-sourced ingredients (or at least locally-purchased, to support small business even if it was for items that weren't made nearby).So, I bought almost all of our meat and a good bit of our produce from Marty's. And I haven't looked back.Their produce section is locally-sourced, and they tell you where each onion, potato, and peach was born and raised. Many of these items were from the farms we see in our Penn's Corner CSA farm share each week, so it was no surprise to see familiar names like Clarion River Organics and Brenckle's Farm. The prices are higher than you'd see at a big store like Giant Eagle or Shop n Save, but you know exactly where you're getting your freggies from, and exactly what they've experienced in their little freggie lives.Speaking of knowing where your food is from, I would be remiss if I didn't talk about the amazing meat selection at Marty's! This is where we really fell in love with the store at first. They do their own butchering on site and use only locally, humanely-raised animals. (We saw butcher Steve do a demonstration at Hometown Homegrown with Oliver from Northwoods Ranch.)Yes, the meat is more expensive than that BOGO deal you may get at Giant Eagle. But trust me when I say this: it tastes better. It really does. First of all, you won't waste ten minutes of kitchen prep slicing off the fat, because the pieces of meat you receive are what - and only what - you want. If you want fat, you can get it. But if you don't? No worries. The meat is ready for you.We're in love with their pork belly, which I have used in a variety of cooking capacities. I've also bought their deli meat, and we are big fans of their flank and hanger steaks, as well as their fresh chicken breasts. And best of all, we know where these animals came from, and we know they were raised humanely and had excellent lives before graciously giving themselves up for our nourishment. Buying meat from Marty's helps to bridge the gap between 'I think humans are supposed to have some meat in our diets' and 'but OMGZ I love the animals.'Finally, I need to mention the staff. Top. Notch. You can come in with a cooking question of any sort and find an answer to it. The butchers are so knowledgeable about the meat, and they definitely want to share what they know. And the other staff have been so helpful when I'm stuck with a cooking ingredient question. (Since the produce is seasonal, I find myself having to make substitutions at times, and I've always been able to get great help from the staff with this.)Long story short, I've committed to taking a few extra dollars out of my bank account to put it toward better nourishing my body. And that means buying local and organic products, and that absolutely means shopping at Marty's every week! Check it out, and maybe you'll make the switch to Buy Fresh Buy Local as well!
4	I've had brunch here twice now. It's been a delight. I was told that their pancakes are amazing and was not let down! I got them for the first time recently with a side of bacon. The pancakes were super soft and fluffy, but with slightly crispy edges which was fantastic. I couldn't finish the short stack myself, but I've never been able to eat too many pancakes. The bacon was a nice thick cut and not a shriveled pile of fat which I hate. Really high quality. Our server was friendly and nice and our food came without much wait. The cafe at Marty's is also really good. Delicious lattes to be had.
5	One of my favorite brunch places now a days. Coffee is fantastic, second best cappuccinos in the city. I topically get a breakfast sandwich but their salads are also wonderful!
4	After seeing numerous pictures on Instagram, I really wanted to check the place out. I took my little here for Sunday brunch and I was very impressed. While we waited for our table, we walked around the market. The produce section of the market was very clean and organized. Although I would never buy the vegetables there because it was not within my price range, they all look fresh. Now for the important part: the brunch food. The menu was not extensive but had plenty of choices that piqued my interest. After much debate, I decided to get the daily special which was a chorizo omelet with a side salad. My little decided to get the smoked chicken sandwich with fries as a side. The chorizo and cheese content in the omelet was the right amount with the chorizo adding the right spiciness to the mixture. The vinaigrette for the side salad was very light and was a great side to cut through the omelet. My little enjoyed his smoked chicken sandwich, especially the bacon. We also got macchiatos which we didn't expect would come in a shot form. The espresso shot was surprisingly very strong but I enjoyed it. I highly recommend this place as a brunch or lunch place and then exploring the Strip District afterwards!
2	I concur with all of the wonderful things that have been noted in the reviews.  This is a marvelous store with all of the upscale items one could want.  It is attractive and inviting, and the workers with whom I have interacted have gone the extra mile to be courteous and welcoming.  It is a plus that the store also offers a clean, decent-sized rest room unlike the antiquated rest room/broom closet that is provided by Robert Wholey Company down the street.The sticking point is the cost of virtually everything at Marty's, e. g., $7.99 per pound for fresh asparagus at a time that it is offered for $1.99 to $2.99 per pound elsewhere.  I did not know there are so many wealthy people in Pittsburgh who are willing to pay outlandish prices, in most instances multiples of what one would pay at a good grocery store.  The only item which is affordable and can be considered to be offered at a "sale" price is the day-old and two day-old bread, which is perfectly fine in quality and taste (25% off and 50% off, respectively).  The store does not even offer complimentary garage parking with a purchase as did its predecessor, Right by Nature.  I have a new appreciation for Giant Eagle, Aldi, Bottom Dollar Food (soon to be of blessed memory), and Shop 'n Save.
2	I have been to this place a few times for both shopping and dining in the cafe. Here is what I like:Delicious food that is healthy and tasty Nice selection of healthy foods Here is what I don't like:The service - the people at the cafe in particular. They would rather inconvenience you, the customer, than to go out of their way to provide any type of service, Which leads me to the second thing that I dislike, which is their prices. I realize that the price point is a little higher for some of your items, and I would be fine with that if I felt I was appreciated as a customer, but since that's my first dislike, then this makes the prices much less palatable. I mean seriously.
5	In Pittsburg for one day. We asked 3 different locals where to find some good clean organic food. All 3 times we got the same response...Marty's Market. The atmosphere is very wholefoodie but much more dine  in. The food was fantastic and the service was equally good.If you ever find yourself in Pittsburg and wanting to eat some clean organic food I highly, highly recommend going to Marty's.
4	Absolutely delicious! I went for lunch and had the lamb sliders with goat cheese and they were amazing! The atmosphere of the place is adorable too! They definitely stand strong with their local and organic approach without making the process unreasonable! The only negative was service was really slow and our waitress didn't apologize after forgetting about us for a while.
