4	Delicious Thai food in South Charlotte.  This place is good for lunch, dinner and take-out.  Be sure to tell them how spicy you want it - sometimes they ask your preference on a scale of one to four, or low/medium/high.  (Hint: "medium" packs a punch!)  The service is usually good, though a couple of times they didn't come around to my table fast enough to refill my tea.  (If I remember, I'll sometimes tell the waiter, "Your tip is tied to my glass of tea!")  Their spring rolls are good, and the Pad Thai is the best I've had anywhere. Tips:- Parking is good.- Mentally drained from work?  When you leave the office, call Thai House with your take-out order and it will be ready by the time you get to the restaurant. Take-out is usually ready in 10-15 minutes, maybe 20 if they're packed.
4	Two things hit me when I walked in here.  The decor and the delicious smell.  First off the elaborate wood carvings and other ornate decorations really set the mood for a good meal.  Then there was the food itself.  It was actually pretty good, even though I'm not usually a big fan of food with a lot of spice. But if that's your thing go for it.  I had a lot of fun here, and I'll certainly be back to try some more.
4	Best thai I've ate in a long time.
3	Decor may look pretty legit, and the servers are definitely Thai, but just say "NO" to the Pad Thai!!Pad See Ew was pretty good. Spring Rolls were decent.3 stars only because the Pad See Ew was ok and I haven't tried the curries yet.
3	Not my favorite place, but you know what, the service is good, the pad see ew is legit and plentiful, and the curries are OK. 3 stars because if you want to order green curry for lunch, you have to pay dinner prices for ($14! WHAT!?). There was an abundance of rice and chicken, but I didn't think it was salty enough. Next time I guess I would try the Red curry for lunch, or the Mussaman if I'm ever here on a Friday (available for lunch only Fridays).This is odd, but I really really like the free soup that comes with lunch.
2	Hubby loves this place...I however do not really care too much for it. The curries are too sweet and their stirfry's are always packed with too much cabbage! and I mean raw cabbage. I also don't understand how they expect us to eat dry stirfry with rice.  We eat here if hubby has serious thai food hankering and I have decided to stick with their noodles which are actually decent.
5	Thai House was my favorite Thai restaurant in Charlotte. Their food is fresh, spiced to order, and delicious. Portions are huge, so I always had leftovers for lunch the next day. Try the spring rolls- delicious! The decor in Thai House is beautiful, and the waitstaff wear traditional dress. They are friendly and attentive, and I always enjoyed my meals here. They occasionally offer promotions in the area, which are a great way to save some money. They also have a weekend lunch menu that features some of their classics at a great price. I would recommend Thai house to anyone who loves Thai, or those who want to try!
4	This is one of my favorite thai restaurants. Best pad thai in town. The food and service is always great and they have huge portions. I am a big fan of art and mainly oriental artwork and this place is full of it. The wood work in this place is unreal. Even if you do not like Thai and appreciate good artwork I would strongly recommend going into this restaurant and checking it out.
4	I lunch there a few weeks ago and enjoyed it so we decided to try dinner  last night.  We were impressed with the fast and attentive service, the authentic clothing the waitstaff wears and the food.  YUM!  We began with the chicken Satay as an appetizer, so tender and yummy, Gulf of Siam with shrimp as the main course. Lots of delicious flavors, very appealing to the eye and the rice was perfect.  Of course we had warm Sake.  A little pricey, good parking, I will be back.
4	Stumbled across this place almost by accident, and ended up loving it!I haven't eaten too much Thai, but my husband loves it. I was immediately impressed by this place, however, as even a person new to Thai food can easily dive into the menu - all dishes are clearly explained and well organized. Service was very friendly and extremely fast- I was amazed how quickly our food came out, and everything was fresh and delicious.The restaurant itself is small, but doesnt feel like it- and is very nicely decorated (lots of wood and elephants, very cute!).Can't wait to go back. :)
5	Went again this past weekend and it's official- I'm in love! Excellent Pad Thai, and their house soups are pretty great too!
4	Fellow Yelper Elisa S. & I have been here 2 times in 7 days for lunch - that's how MMMMM this place is! The lunch specials are just hands down hard to beat. With soup, spring roll in duck sauce and an entree, I've tried the red curry with chicken and the pad thai with chicken and both made me go "ohhhh, yum!".Having never had Thai before this, I am not sure how much I can really speak to the spices, authenticity, or things like that but here's the rundown:1. Place is AUTHENTIC looking, with all the ornate wood carving it's just a cool place!2. Waiters are very helpful and attentive3. The tea they have is minty - yummy and refreshing4. Every meal I had I've loved - it just takes great!5. BOGO in Entertainment Books ROCK!I will keep going back long after the coupons end... :)
3	There are a couple of amazing wood sculptures in the place.  The food however, is not as noteable.The food is average or typical of Thai cuisine.  The dishes are standard and taste and look like what thai food should, however, nothing stood out as being anything more than average.  I am wondering if I am being to critical and if yelp should have 2 rating systems.  1 rating for how a place might compare against local establishments, and another rating for the restaurant nationally.With that in mind, of the 2 places in Charlotte I have tried for thai, this is clearly the better.
2	Went to Thai House on a Thursday around 8PM.  A few others were in the restaurant but not crowded at all.  Like other reviewers, I liked the dress of the servers and the decor of the place was pretty cool.  I sat in a booth by myself and was immediately greeted by the server with a menu.I ordered a Green Tea Sake...SOOO GOOD!  It came in a little glass bottle and it called Sake2Me.  I plan to buy it!As I enjoyed my sake, I ordered the steamed shrimp dumplings.  Totally not what I expected...two roll-like, dough things came out and it tasted like it looked...just like raw dough stuffed with lots of crunchy lettuce-like pieces and tiny chopped meat.  I didn't see any shrimp, not even mini shrimp.  I was thinking they brought me the wrong item but when I didn't eat my dough, the waiter said "You don't like your shrimp dumpling?" I didn't have the heart (or the energy after a long day of travel) to say anything except "I want to have room for my Pad Thai".  So, I awaited my Chicken Pad Thai hoping it was what I am used to.The Pad Thai wasn't bad...not great, but not bad.  Once in a while, I got the taste of mayonaisse but I was starving at this point and it did the trick.  i actually took it back to my hotel for lunch the next day but decided in the morning that the taste wasn't worth the risk of Pad Thai all over my rental car.I'm not sure if I'll go back to Thai House.  i will certainly look for an alternative next time I'm in town.  If I'm starved and can't find any other place, I'll probably give Thai House another shot...I'll just stay away from anything that says "dumpling".
2	I've been here a few times and it was pretty decent. The food is alright, a little oversauced at times which I'm not a big fan of. The only problem I have with it is that they give you a huge bowl of curry with a small scoop of rice, and when you ask for more rice, they charge you 1.50 a bowl! Either give larger portions of rice with a dinner-sized curry entree, or cut down on the portions, it's RIDICULOUS that I have to spend up to an extra 3 bucks just to have enough rice for my entree.
5	This is the best Thai that you will find in Charlotte. The cuisine is authentic, and always delightful, and the service is superb. Six days out of seven, there will be no wait when you show up, so of course reservations aren't necessary. The longest I have ever had to wait at this restaurant was ten minutes tops. To compliment the Thai theme, the restaurant is beautifully decorated, everything very tasteful and not overdone. The wood carvings along the walls are interesting to behold, and the music is soothing, but not overpowering to conversation. The Thai House is versatile as far as occasion is concerned; it serves well for dinner dates, but equally well for business lunches. Though I would recommend business casual attire, the servers never look down at customers in jeans or casual clothes. They are always friendly, and happy to please everyone. At lunch time, along with your entree, you are served a soup of the day which is always light and refreshing, and a fried spring roll. The sweet orange sauce that you dip this spring roll in is to die for. I could make a meal on those spring rolls alone. Nearly every time I dine at this restaurant, I order the Sweet Jasmine Tea-- absolutely delicious. And although many people recognize Thai food for Pad Thai, PLEASE be adventurous and try some of the curry dishes. My absolute favorite is called Panang Neur (with chicken): this has coconut milk, crushed peanuts and bell peppers over rice. When you are served this dish, it will look like soup-- simply dump the white rice on your plate, and spoon out as much of the chicken, bell peppers, and curried liquid over the rice as you please. This is a SPECIAL TREAT. Unfortunately, the above entree is extremely addicting, and you will find yourself craving Thai House curry dishes on the regular. Hope you enjoy it as much as I do! PS As far as price range is concerned, lunch is very affordable, $10 or less. Dinner dishes range from $12-14 and up, but the food is ALWAYS worth it.
3	I stopped into Thai House for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  The restaurant wasn't very busy and I was seated right away.  The decor is very interesting, carved wood everywhere with a carved log sculpture dominating the center of the restaurant.  My server came over and took my drink order.  Shortly after another server brought a bowl of chicken soup which was OK.  It took a little bit for my server to come back to take my order, but I had the chicken soup to slurp on while I waited.  I ordered the chicken pad Thai along with an order of steamed spring rolls.  The spring rolls weren't like the typical ones I've gotten in other Thai restaurants.  They had tofu instead of shrimp and the wrapper wasn't the translucent rice wrapper other places use.  The spring rolls were OK, but I wouldn't order them again.  The pad Thai came out shortly after I finished the spring rolls.  It looked good and OK tasting.  The lunch prices were very reasonable, $7.95 for the pad Thai. The service was OK, the food was OK, I guess that makes Thai House an OK place to eat.
2	I never quite understand why some people look so miserable... especially when one works at a restaurant, where people come and dine for enjoyment.  I haven't been to Thai House in a long time, and this's my 1st visit to this location, and they still manage to have the same unfriendly, slow, unacceptable level of service as they always had (the one at University area) and apparently known for... hmmm, not sure if that's a reputation you want there Thai House.To use up a Groupon, we had dinner there last night.  Amidst it's Father's Day, it wasn't really that busy or crowded.  Somehow we still had to sit around for a LONG time before our order was taken... this was after a seemingly non-busy waiter walked by us numerous times and never even turned his head our way AND after a waitress ignored the heck out of my "excuse me."  Food wise it was ok.  I had the roast duck with pineapple curry sauce while my dinner-mate ordered the Tom Kha (coconut brothy soup) and the beef Pad Krapraw.  The soup was interesting, since coconut tends to be associated with sweet food items; I personally like it, it's not heavy at all.  My roast duck was a little misleading considering it was more fried than roasted.  The meat was a little over-cooked, but the curry sauce was good enough to compensate.  I had half a fork full of the beef Pad Krapraw... can't tell if it was good but this is normally my fav lunch dish (except I think it works better with chicken or pork). In all, this is an average meal (food quality wise), but the service was  unbelievably bad.  When the most impressive part of the dinner is the decor (rich & ethnic without the tackiness)... well, enuff said.
3	The restaurant was full of decorations galore- takes away from the otherwise musky & dark nature of the place.  The restaurant was clean, the service was fast, the curry was tasty.  No complaints but not extraordinary.  The bathroom was acceptable.  I got the pineapple curry and knockout roll- so good.  I ate till I popped.
5	They have awesome Iced Thai Tea!! ( If you haven't tried one then you should go get one) Love their dishes, which are delish! And you should tried the fried duck ( I don't remember the name, just the details) they're yummy too! And their staffs are nice too. So it a great place to go when you want any Thai foods. :)
5	Excellent every time. Try the Green Curry
4	I LOVE great Thai food and I have eaten here a few times, though this last meal was the best this place has done so far!  The service was great and the Decor in nicer than most Thai Restaurants.Tom Yum Soup 3.5 yelp stars.  Red Curry with Chicken 4.25 stars.  Mango with Sticky Rice for Dessert 2.90 stars.
4	I usually cringe when I hear or read someone say the word "delish" but I'll have to use it for this restaurant. I'm a bit of a newbie with Thai food and I've rarely ventured outside of this place's Chicken Pad Thai just because it's soooo damn good. Nothing like slathering it with sides of jalapenos and spices given for that added extra bonus. Coming on a Thursday at lunch is the "must" day because they have the best Egg Drop Soup I've ever tasted (and it's free with your meal). If a fruity-Asian hybrid of iced-tea is your thing, this place has it! Although with all of the spiciness of the foods, you better get an extra ice water. Sometimes they don't come around enough for ol' Walter and my tastebuds are usually on fire!Your pal,Walter
3	Not bad for Thai food if your in the area. Offers decent lunch specials that include soup, a spring roll and a drink for usually under $10. Dinners can get a bit pricey. The duck panang is my fave thing on the menu. Its a solid curry dish with tender duck  breaded and deep fried. Not my #1 duck panang but it was my first so gotta give them credit for that. It is pretty good. The house salad makes for a great cheap lunch. Its $5.50 for fresh lettuce, bean sprouts, chunks of pineapple, fried tofu, tomatoes and onions. Served with a spice/sweet/peanut/ginger dressing. YUM. Also the spring rolls are  delicious. I've eaten in and grabbed to-go numerous times over the years and service is always acceptable. When i have gone with others everyone in the party seems to enjoy their food. Overall an A-ok place to eat.
4	We used to eat at this restaurant a lot. By a lot usually once a week. But that was a number of years ago. The food & the staff have gone through some changes, some good & some bad. We ate there last night with a friend after telling ourselves that we would never return. The food was great as was the service. I'm at a loss to explain why but I only hope that it stays that way.I had Thai ice tea, chicken satay, fried shrimp, pot stickers & Larb. My wife had fried tofu & #63. I can never remember what that is but it has wide noodles. I also had mango & sticky rice for dessert.We all thought that the food was great. The service was good. Our server was attentive but at times was a bit slow to refill our drinks. Overall I would say I was pleased & that we will be returning there again.
3	Stopped by for lunch today.  Except I didn't realize they don't serve lunch on the weekends.  They serve brunch.  The single sided paper menu offered ten to twelve different options to choose from, none of which I was jonesing for.  C'est la vie!I had the pineapple curry with chicken.  It included a fried egg roll and a bowl of soup, for $8.99.  The price was right and the entree was tasty, but other two items were "just a bit outside."  The soup was nothing I was familiar with, but consisted of one piece of dry chicken, a couple of pieces of carrots, and a plethora of cabbage.  It was nothing exciting.  Nor was the egg roll.But the entree was good.  It was red curry based and had some solid flavor.  I enjoyed it a lot. The service was good.  When I placed my order, the gentleman let me know that it was going to be a little bit spicy.  I told him that I was okay with that, but I appreciated the warning.  Drinks were filled promptly, and the check was brought in a relatively timely manner.I might try to go back when there they are serving their full menu, to try the dish I was looking for.
5	A great place for Thai foods! Awesome staffs and wicked foods ( wicked =awesome)! Went there yesterday and order curry duck dish ( dont know the name though) it was soo good! Prob one few best Thai restaurant in charlotte! :)
4	Good ambience and good food. Have tried the green curry and a couple noodle dishes and they've all been good.Can't go wrong here if you've got a Thai craving.
4	Awesome place to grab some spicy, or not so spicy, Thai food. Sometimes service is slow or not so attentive, but I have never been in a hurry while there anyway. so not a huge deal. I always look forward to the Namprigpaow or Red Curry. If you do the tofu instead of meat, you get veggies like broccoli with your meal. I think the tofu is better than the other protein here.I prefer going for lunch since dinner is about the same portion and costs significantly more. Gotta try the Knock Out Rolls which are an appetizer; fresh roll, vegetables, basil leaves and tofu wrapped in rice sheets and served with plum sauce. So refreshing.
5	This place is awesome!  I've been eating here for 5 years and it is consistently good every time.  The one taller young guy is the friendliest guy you'll meet and gets the order right.  The soups are great, the fried rice dishes are great, and the curry dishes are delicious.  Charlotte needs more restaurants like this one.
3	Nice decoration feels cool and the foods is ok
5	Excellent food, excellent atmosphere and great prices!!!!
4	The menu is great. There are so many options to choose from. I love all of their rice dishes. The garlic and ginger chicken is yummy. The lard nar is really flavorful. I also tried their fried tilapia with vegetables and it was superb. The servers are so cute in their Thai outfits. They are really friendly as well. The prices are good, they have great deals for lunch. You have to try it.
4	There is typically never a day where I'm not in the mood for some Pho. Especially with the onslaught of colder climes, Thai is my go-to for all things noodly and soupy. Thus, Thai House off of 51 has popped up on our radar a few times and we finally made it in this week to check out the fare. I'm happy to say, I'll likely become a regular. Started with the "knock out rolls." Standard rice paper rolls with vermicelli rice noodles, tofu, cilantro, carrots and cucumber. The hoisin peanut sauce wasn't my favorite, but was reminiscent of other Thai places I've been to. These suckers were huge, too. Much bigger than your typical rice paper roll and the wrapper was a little more al dente, which I enjoyed. The Pho....just perfect. All of the standard fixin's and just right. Perfect for the colder air that has abounded as of late. My wife ordered the pineapple curry. Man, this was incredible. Coconut-y, creamy, with chunks of pineapple and great pieces of pan-fried tofu. Served with white rice. The flavors were so complex that each bite had a little more creamy, coconut flavor, or chili spice, pineapple and other spices. So creative and good. The service is stellar. So friendly and attentive. Your water cup will never be empty. Also, an element I typically don't comment on, the decor is phenomenal. Rather intricate and intriguing. I'm looking forward to frequenting this place for many a dinner visit to come. Lunch is next!
4	Goooood Thai place.
4	Best I've tasted in Charlotte thus far!
4	We have visited this place now couple of times. The folks are very cheerful here and the wooden sculpture of chain of elephants is cool. On our quest for finding places that offer vegetarian choices, we tried this place. The pretty much make anything vegetarian, by replacing a tofu equivalent, which worked out very well for us. We tried the PadKraPraw with a tofu replacement and this was very flavorful and hit the right taste buds. I am slowly beginning to become a fan of this place.
2	Okay so I've eaten here a few times now and I feel it's time to review.  I'm not a fan really. Every food experience I've had here has been mediocre, It's kind of like delivery Chinese food but Thai.  Now to describe my experience today... I ordered takeout for lunch as I was in a hurry to get back to the office.  Normally I would have ordered from another Thai restaurant around the corner but they seemed to be closed. So I decided to try Thai House again as my craving was strong. I seriously want to like this place but my pad see ew was just not very good. It was over cooked, hardly any vegetables at all, and I asked for spicy and there was no heat to my dish. The lunch special comes with a spring roll, well it was more like half a spring roll haha. Which that was the least of my worries but it wasn't any good. It's supposed to have chicken, clear noodles, and mixed vegetables. It had what looked like bok choy and that was it!!  I have some friends who like this place and I've had good that was good but  nothing special here. Essentially for me, it's like fast food quality.  I don't like giving poor reviews especially when the people there seem fairly nice, if a little out of it, but I just don't think I'll be back again!!
5	Dropped in famished for lunch after a hectic hospital spree. I didnt know X-rays can push the 'hunger' button so hard! Anyway, this time and many times in the future, my lovely momma has been and will be my lunch/dinner buddy! My other buddy (best friend, little sister) took off to Texas, where everything is bigger, including the club I have ready to club her down for deserting me here in Charlotte :(  Ohhh Lord, I digress......Anyway, the lunch is served with a soup which is always delicious. Very watery but rich in flavor. Full of cabbahe and tofu the day I went (it changes sometimes) The entree also comes with a spring roll which isnt of the kind that leaves an entire sip of oil in your mouth ......ughhh.We ordered 1 entree and a Pad Thai that almost went entirely into a doggy bag! It was either too much food or small apetites run in the fam? Since we shared the shrimp entree, which was chockfull of veggies like zucchini, carrots, red peppers and a scant amount of almost raw brocolli, we ended up having to get an extra small side of jasmine rice. Its so yummy and sweet and delicious!Overall, good service, good food, good portion, and wonderful iced Jasmin tea. I likey :)
1	Not sure why the $$ this place is over priced and bad bland food. 12.95 for beef basil? They don't use real Thai chili peppers, I like spicy and asked for it. They sprinkle Nasty old chill powder which ruined the dish. No flavor and not worth $12.95 Skip this place.Also called to let them know: response was " ok, is there anything else I can do for you??????????"Wow what rude jerks!!!!!!!
4	We came here for an early dinner so it wasn't crowded and were quickly offered a seat and the server was already ready to take our order.  We had to ask for another minute just to look over the standard, yet mesmerizing, menu.  I ordered the Pad Krapraw with brown rice and chopped chicken.  Yes, even for me that was new.  When it came to the table, I even forgot it was chopped and thought there were too many nuts on top.  I was skeptical as I usually prefer the cutlets of chicken and thought they were pulling a fast one on me with substandard meat.  I added the brown rice with the sauce and I couldn't stop eating.  The sweet, garlic and basil flavor really came out and reminded me why Thai is my favorite of Asian food.  I tried to save some to take home for later, but I just had to take more bites.The prices are reasonable for quality Thai food.  I've tasted much worse in NYC but dishes were less than $10.  Appears they have two other locations in the Charlotte area, so expanding from a small family business suggests that's good news.
3	Decent Thai food and decent service.  The inside of the restaurant feels "more Thai" than other places I've been to in Charlotte with a more traditional feel.  I dig the dude in the front with the MC hammer pants in purple seating everyone.  That was pretty fun.  I actually went for pho, which is actually Viet and not Thai and was pretty pleased with it.The prices are a bit steep I feel considering the location and the portions, but can still find a few decent dishes for just under $10.  I wouldn't plan to go out of my way for this, but since I frequent Pineville often, I wouldn't be surprised to find myself back there again in a few months.
1	I've ordered their pad thai for take out a couple of times from this place, but last night was the first night that my husband and I decided to go dine in at this place. It was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!! The service here is HORRIBLE!! We went there around 9pm and was the only couple there besides another group at the place. The other group left shortly after we came, but we never got service after we received our food. We never got asked if we needed anything else and received no water refill. They had 6 staff walking around working and doing their own thing and NOT ONE of them ever even stop to come check on us especially our waitress. When we finally got up to leave she was talking out loud from the far back asking us if everything was okay. I wanted to throw a fit and say.. "no, everything is not okay we got no service!" Aside from the poor customer service; we ordered my favorite dish which was the pad thai. I asked for no onions and bean sprouts, but we still got it with LOTS of big onions and bean sprouts. My husband told me to say something about it; but I figure I would deal w/ it because I'm always iffy about what people do with my food after they take it back and have to fix it for me. It already took about 15 minutes or so for them to bring out the dish and I didn't want to have to wait another 15 minutes. We also ordered sticky rice..and I LOVE sticky rice. It took them longer to bring us the sticky rice than the other three dishes that we ordered. The sticky rice was not moist and sticky at all. It was dried and crusty like its been sitting out for too long. I guess they were trying to microwave or steam it before they brought it out, but didn't do a very good job.We also ordered the green curry dish; that dish cost $13.95 and came in such a small size plate that should have been worth $7 at the most! Big disappointment on that dish. So base on my experience last night; I have concluded that I will NEVER go here again nor will I even bother to order take out from this place. Bangkok Ocha down the street is so much better!
5	Nice Atmosphere, Delicious Thai Food. I am picky when it comes to Thai food but this place is awesome. I highly recommend it.
2	I got take out from here today for lunch and it was ok.  Portion size was good but I'd prefer to go to pei-wei. Their food is a lot bettee plus thai house messed up my order.
5	I have really grown to love Thai food, and this is one of my favorite places to come: warm atmosphere with traditional wood carvings, large intimate booths , beautiful friendly people waiting on you and dishes made with rice noodles (gluten free). They know how to cook my favorite comfort food: Pad Thai and Pad See Eww perfectly. The chicken satay appetizer is juicy and I love the slaw and peanut sauce it comes with. Every dish has a beautiful palate of vegetables. My husband loves extra spicy and if you ask for it, they will deliver it. The flavors in the curries are so wonderful and the dished are garnished with carved vegetables. Another favorite of mine here is the Cashew Chicken, which has almost a sweet and sour sauce, balanced with crunchy cashews, sweet peppers and rice. Once again, they will give it a kick if you ask!The mango dessert is sublime, with just the right amount of sweet creaminess.I have never been disappointed.
3	This used to be our go-to place for Thai, eating there t least twice a month. But over the past year, the quality of food has declined. Not just the entrees -- even the previously CRAZY GOOD dipping sauce for spring rolls has declined.  My heart is still with them, but I only go here once in a while now given the change.  I sincerely hope they return to their better days, as there is new competition in S Chl now.
2	I ordered vegetarian pad Thai and if was pretty tasteless, even when I asked for extra peanuts. I ate it just because I was hungry. The decor in the restaurant was nice though. Just wish the food was better
4	The food is good and it comes out fast. the turn around here is great if you have somewhere you need to be after dinner but a little too much if you would like to hang out a little and take your time with dinner. But, the food is good. The dinner portions are always better, from the amount of food you get to even the size of the shrimp. (The shrimp on the dinner portion are actually twice the size.) And the food is good.
4	Went here yesterday for lunch! Their lunch prices and portions are the best!-First you get some type of soup...they change it every day. We had some type of rice and chicken. It is always broth based.-I ordered the Red Curry Chicken dish. The curry sauce was nice and watery with a creamy cocounut taste. Pour the bowl of chicken and red curry over the rice and then enjoy! The small spring roll was a nice little touch and very good!They are quick serving and are a great lunch spot option!
5	Great food for the price.  I enjoyed their vegetarian options especially the pad Thai. Love the inside. Great service as well.
2	The Thai carved wood and overall decor is amazing- and the service was fine. Sorry to disagree with others, but my wife and I found the food to be quite ordinary and well-below quality at other Thai restaurants we visit. The fried spring rolls were greasy- possibly were just fried a second time to get them hot. The Mee Krob was a good appetizer except the lettuce was partially wilted and brown in spots. I usually love pad thai but what was served had soggy noodles and not a lot of taste. Perhaps the main chef was not working on the weekday night I was there. Not likely to try again though.
1	It's Valentines Day. All I have to say is the service was pretty horrendous and food was subpar(Pad Thai tasted like ketchup?! And my husbands roasted chicken was frozen in the inside but cooked through?! I don't know how these things happen....) But the mints were good. *prepacked mints*
5	First time going and I loved it! Will go again soon. Only complaint was they got our duck orders on medium heat when they were supposed to be mild. But I still liked it
1	I am 8.5 months pregnant and ordered green curry for take out from here. When I placed the order, I emphasized I wanted MILD curry since spicy food has given me horrible heartburn during pregnancy. But, when I got the food home, the curry was so spicy I could not take more than two bites. Secondly, it was not that great. It was mediocre curry at best. So, goodbye $13 curry. Thanks for making the food too spicy for me to eat.  What the heck!?
5	Amazing food and a beautiful atmosphere! I got a delicious coconut dish that tasted like heaven. The sweet tea tastes like green jasmine tea which is a nice new flavor and goes well with the cuisine. However it was really really sweet and they kept refilling our glasses without asking, so be careful because I got a sugar high!
3	My very first time having Thai cuisine. While the appearance was quite pleasing, it was a tad more sweet than what I thought a Pad Thai with chicken would taste like! I added a teaspoon of "red hot sauce" from the squeeze container and mixed it all around in my food. It did help some and took a little of the sweetness away. My husband and I ordered coffee...thinking it would be regular hot coffee with cream, instead it was Thai coffee, an iced coffee that was really good. Another first for us!Atmosphere was very nice with the soft Thai music. It was easy to hold a conversation at the table.The portions were good size and we were stuffed when finished.  The service was really good and we will be back but next time I think I'll try something less sweet!
4	I was actually looking for Viet Thai, but it is hidden and came across Thai House in Pineville, NC.  Good luck on my part.  Authenic decor, friendly service and great food.  My Tom Yum shripm soup had four large shrimp, peeled to the tail.  The chicken panang curry was flavorful and spicy withou adding spices.  I tried Chang beer instead of my usual Singha...not as good IMHO, but OK.  There are 5-6 choices for Thai in the Pineville area and Thai House is a good one.  Check it out.  Pat
1	I was so excited to see a Thai House near my new job because I go to the Thai House University location all the time. While the University location is amazing, I quickly found out that this location is anything but.The first time I ordered lunch, I received a dish that was way too salty. I didn't save the leftovers. I ALWAYS keep my University Thai House leftovers for a second meal.I thought maybe it was a fluke, and decided to give them a second chance.Ordered again today- even worse than my first lunch. My chicken pad thai tasted too sweet. Another yelp'ers description of it tasting like ketchup is not far off.  The noodles were overcooked and mushy. The spring roll is slightly burnt and the chicken rubbery. To top it all off, the man who gave me my food had a bad attitude. Considering I was simply waiting for my food patiently, no grumpiness was needed.  Never going here again, though the other location I will continue to go to regularly as they have delicious food and super friendly staff.
5	Exquisite. Beautiful interior, excellent food, and friendly service. Coconut curry shrimp was outstanding. Go. Go now.
5	I've been going to the Thai House about once a month for over a year now. I love it! I've tried a number of other Thai restaurants in the area and this is my favorite.I often bring friends and no one has ever disliked their meal here. My favorite things to get are the Pho and the Green Curry (which is really spicy). The food is always great. The service is even better than the food. They are always prompt and friendly. Most times I am surprised at how fast the food comes out. After going here a while they treat you like family. I would definitely recommend it to others!
5	We love Thai food & the Thai House doesn't disappoint.  Food is fresh, well seasoned & hot when it arrives to your table. we started our meal with spring rolls. Nicely deep fried with crisp shell. Delicious sweet sauce to dip in. I had the Pad Kee Mow, AKA Drunken Noodles.  Chicken was grilled nicely before added to the noodles. The vegetables weren't undercooked and the dish wasn't overloaded with veggies vs. meat. Plate presentation was nice. My wife chose her favorite Red Curry (med heat). Perfect curry seasoning. Excellent meal. Excellent price.  We also had the 3 springs rolls as an appetizer. They were complimented well with the sweet sauce that comes with them. If you like Thai then I strongly recommend this place.
5	We loved our Thai place in Boston and really missed having someplace to go get Pad Thai. We moved into the area and found this place and fell in love with it.The inside of the restaurant is beautiful and really clean. The staff are all really nice and attentive. They have takeout, which works for us since we live a few blocks away.I thought the food was great. We've tried a few different meals. My wife does not enjoy very spicy food and the mild versions suit her fine. I do like my food spicy and if I had one complaint it's that I wouldn't mind if the spicy dishes were a little hotter than what I've experienced so far. The food has great flavors and think it is spot on.
