5	In a city full of Fry's supermarkets, Sunflower Market is an excellent alternative for ASU denizens looking for cheapish foods, Hippie-style, especially since the only Trader Joe's is quite a drive away.  On weekends, they occasionally have BBQs...I grabbed 2 hamburgers for 2 bucks yesterday.
3	I come here for the Produce.  Sprouts is about equidistant from my home, but for whatever reason, the stuff at Sunflowers just jingles my bells.  Yeah they have tons of other good reasons to shop here, but I don't get into it that much.  To be honest, I hate soy cheese.  And tofu pups.  Hell I'm not likely to be seen wearing open toe shoes any time this century.  It's just now how I roll.Despite my inherent un-hippie-ness, The prices on fruits and veggies here can't be beat and I'll gladly make a special trip here just to load up on "the good stuff"
4	Shhhh! I go here for the $1.99 Blue Bell ice cream.  hahaha...but seriously, they have the best produce at the best price!  I really miss a lot of fruit choices being in AZ, but this place takes me home a bit with fresh CA white peaches, Haas avocados, kiwis and good tasty cherries, unlike the ones that taste like water from Fry's.I have managed to spend $25 a week for groceries, feeding two people two meals a day for a week!!! Yeah!  that is amazing economics!  I get a lot of things from the bulk aisle which comes out to like $1 for bag of couscous or black beans or legumes or chocolate raisins!They also have a great vitamin/supplement dept for probiotics, plant enzymes, soluble fibre supplements and other digestive aids.  I don't think this place is hippie-dippie at all, less so than Whole Foods.  Although, I would go to Whole Foods for cheese and wine and for the cornichons.My rec is go here first to get basics then Sprouts or Whole Foods for the "special" things.
4	Always stop here for a bag each of candy-shelled chocolate-covered peanuts and chocolate-covered almonds from the bulk section.  Love the organic Mountain Fresh and Brown Cow yogurts.  As for the produce I buy here, I must first say that I triple-, sometimes quadruple-inspect my options before I purchase at any grocery I shop at, and I've only had to complain about the strawberries here at Sunflower.  All other fruits and the veggies were fine.  Wish I could say the same about the other farmer's market whose name rhymes with snouts...Don't know if this place still sells Berto's gelato and Laloo's goat milk ice cream as it's been close to a year since I last purchased, but you must check these items out as they taste out-of-this-world!  The prices are also very wallet-friendly compared to AJ's, but really, that goes without saying, doesn't it?
4	I have been in here before, but today was different, as I actually had some shopping to do.  I was making some chili (which came out delicious by the way) and needed a few ingridents that I could not find at my normal grocery store. So, I came to Sunflower to try it out.this is kind of like a whole foods market.  One of these natural places, with a decent selection of items.  I circled the store and ended up at the meat counter.  I needed to get 2 pounds of ground beef for my chili.  I was at the meat case and but really wanted to get it from the counter where the butcher weighes out the ground beef for you instead of the prewrapped packages in the case.  So, I go to the counter and talk to the guy aned he says they don't sell just ground beef from behind the counter.  Prewrapped meat only!  really?  WTF is that all about?  Lost a star for that.Customer service seems to be fine here, as I had good service otherwise, and the store is clean and neat.  A little to granola for me, but it seems good for the occasional stop and shop.
4	Now I know that I stopped by the Sunflower Market in the middle of a work day, but this place was totally abandoned. I think 2 other customers came in after me, but essentially I was alone in a natural foods wonderland, and hey, that's okay with me. Especially since this branch has some hot male employees...anyway what am i reviewing here? Pretty big store front, bigger than most of the Whole Foods I've patronized back home, and a good selection of food that doesn't seem over-the-top granola-y. The produce wall is GORGEOUS, i could just envision making the world's biggest and most beautiful salad. The icing on the cake (for me at least) is their bulk food bins, with everything from Live Yeast and Bulgher to Cinnamon Licorice and Crystallized Ginger.  I bought a big bag of Wasabi Peas and some ginger to tide me over on my afternoon excursion.Hopefully an empty store at lunch time doesn't mean a struggling store because Sunflower Market is lovely!
1	Visited Sunflower last night in search of Scharffen Berger chocolates.  Nay on SB chocs, but you may find organic (Green &amp; Black's, Love, Newman's Own, etc.) in the impulse buy sections.  I sampled a peanut milk chocolate cluster and an almond chocolate cluster at the bulk section and decided I'd get some peanut ones.  I already had a plastic bag open and was about to jot down the item number on a label twisty-tie when I spotted something moving at the corner of my eye... I lifted the peanut chocolate cluster bin lid to have a look, and there was a 1/2- inch maggot doing its dance on one of the bin's walls!!  I dropped the lid shut, stared at the bugger to see if I wasn't just seeing things, lifted the lid back up and pinched it off the bin's wall with the plastic bag in hand, and handed the bag to a clerk and told him where I found it.  The manager on duty was close by so I repeated everything that transpired to her.  She said she'd empty and sanitize the bin immediately.  I didn't hang around to see if she did anything.Ugh!  I'm getting shivers up and down my spine typing this just now!!  BTW, I had a look into the freezer aisles a few weeks ago to have a look at the Berto gelato selections and they ALL have a horrible case of freezer burn.  Looks like a pretty low turnover rate...  I'll try to see if Sunflower still carries Laloo goatmilk ice cream, but, honestly, I can't see myself going there anytime soon after the maggot incident...---Update: Just recalled that Sunflower never sold Laloo... I found Laloo's goatmilk ice cream at Whole Foods and AJ's Fine Foods.  Sorry for misleading!
5	Go shopping for a half hour here and at any of the other grocery stores around, check out.  You'll have saved money and will have more actual food, less packaging and less chemicals.As far as local grocery stores go, this one is my favorite.  The meat and produce are better priced and of better quality than any of the chains around.  Chicken breasts are consistently $3.00 a pound here, can't beat that.The staff here are knowledgable, kind and interested in their jobs.  I try to do all of my shopping here as I think it makes me healthier and definetly saves me money.
5	I live here. Like I actually found an apartment in this neighborhood because I'm here so much. Between the selection, quality of food, and prices, this store is ideal for a health conscious individual who doesn't want to be economically punished for their decision to eat real food instead of crap.The produce selection does not vary as much as you might expect seasonally, but the prices are always low and they always have great deals. They have a good organic section, but the non-organic produce isn't lacking in quality.Their pantry/dry food items are a little pricier than a store like Frye's, but I trust their Sunflower brand - you can pronounce all of the ingredients. Their frozen section is also great with a lot of good organic picks. I probably shouldn't even start about the bulk section - because it's awesome and I could go on forever just about the nuts, munchies, and grains here. Their beer selection is one of the best as well with lots of small and funky breweries on the shelf.Overall, if you need produce, this is the place without question. For other items, you could maybe find cheaper versions at other quality stores (aka Trader Joe's) if you're willing to make a few additional stops. But you'll generally find quality versions of everything you need here without grocery bill anxiety.
5	Just as a point of reference, I'm not a hippie, I love to eat meat, and I don't have any tattoos or piercings.  That doesn't change the fact that Sunflower is my absolute favorite grocery store of all time.  Their prices on produce are awesome.  Generally speaking, the produce is smaller, but very flavorful.  Awesome.The bulk bins are great.  Not only is it a deal for everything inside, but they have all kinds of stuff you won't find at a normal grocery store.This is a great place.  The atmosphere is good, the service is good, but most importantly, the products they sell are awesome, at a great price.
5	We do about 35% of our shopping here, mostly for produce (organic veggies are well priced), bulk (flax seeds, oatmeal, trail mix, beans), and sale items (lots of fun to find what they have on sale!).Also shop at Trader Joes, BigLots, and sometimes Whole Foods.
4	Almost all of my shopping is done here.  They have "double ad day" on Wednesdays, where last week's sales overlap with the current sales.   Their prices are very reasonable to begin with.  Much cheaper than Whole Foods and even Trader Joe's, which I never go to any more.The produce section here is great, everything is always fresh.  They even have bulk salad and baby spinach.  Speaking of bulk, they have a very wide selection including granolas, nuts, candy, snacks, dried fruit, etc.  They also have a good selection of meat, including bison.  At the store in Albuquerque they even had ostrich meat in the freezer, but I haven't looked for it here.Depending on your habits, this may or may not be one stop shopping.  If you're really dedicated to your Crest toothpaste and Fritos, you should go elsewhere.  Chances are they have what you need, but with less synthetic ingredients.  By the way, I think "Seventh Generation" is a really terrible name for toilet paper.I've only had one bad experience here.  I went on a Tuesday and they were out of literally about a third of what I needed.  Some of the bread was getting moldy and the produce was looking rather.. saggy.  I'll stick with Wednesdays.
4	Sunflower is a great place to shop. I don't know if you can meet all your grocery shopping needs here, but you can come real close. The prices are pretty good. There are always great weekly deals on produce, meat and other grocery items!Sunflower can be compared to Trader Joe's in some ways (in my opinion). The produce is fresh and priced just right. There is a pretty wide variety of fruits and vegtables to choose from and there are always items on sale. There is a nice meat selection of beef, chicken and poultry and also a meat counter for selected items. The chicken is superb. The quality of Chicken exceeds any other market around-Frys, Safeway. There are various types of sausages you can get at the meat counter are excellent!There are also several rows of bins that you can fill up a bag full of various types of  flour, rice, candy, nuts and dried fruit etc. Prices are usually around 1.99 to 4.99 per pound. This is a great thing for a recipe that calls for only a small amount of an item and you don't want to buy too much and go to waste. For example, recently, we wanted to add some sunflower seeds and dried cranberries to a salad. Instead of buying a package of both, I purchased a small amount of each item and none goes to waste. I also save a bit of money in the process.The staff is friendly and I've never been in like for more than 5 minutes.
3	A lovely market that has the essence of a super expensive wholefoods store, but actually has some decent deals. I usually go here when they've got produce on sale and never really venture into the actually whole-foodsy pricey cereals, snacks, n such. The nice thing about their produce selection is its actually good quality rather than attempting to get rid of an excess of squishy avocados or overripe bananas. I still go to Ranch Market on Wednesdays for my crazy produce needs, but this is much closer to where I live and the quality is consistent.
3	This is a pretty big store, so I was surprised to see that this particular branch doesn't carry all the items that the other branches do. For instance, the Scottsdale location carries Tofu Shirataki noodles but this store does not. The layout is simple and it's easy to maneuver your way around.
5	Still loving Sunflower after a year and a half.  I actually moved houses to be closer to this grocery store.  The staff have never complained about going an extra mile, the prices have stayed better than any store I've been to lately and they have been having great beer specials.Special note:  They have a large selection of homeopathic and environmentally sound products for your everyday corporal adjustments.  Tons of specialty soaps, herbal supplements and vitamins.  Check for the solution here before going to chain pharmacies!
4	For those of you that have never been, SM is more like a Sprouts for the hippy crowd with better prices.The store is spread out nicely and there's a strong emphasis on fresh produce. Pre-packaged and frozen meals are at a minimum as compared to Trader Joe's and Fresh & Easy. Two things that stand out are one, you can pump your own honey out of a metal bin and the price per pound is far cheaper than honey in a container anywhere else. Be sure not to open the lid and peek inside, bees buzz around in there. It's fresh stuff.Two, there are "bulk foods" canisters which are dead center in the middle of the store. Good for making your own trail mix because the pre-packaged one you usually buy didn't have, say,  yogurt covered raisins or dried orange cranberries. And if Quaker Oats don't suit your style you can bag  your own here.Finding pens to mark your garbage ties is nearly impossible. Bring your own to make the process easier, for you and the register person. Check out the back corner for good sale prices on meats and fish too.
4	You know those great little sesame things in pub mix or tokyo snack mix? Well they sell them here in bulk and in 5 flavors.I make it a point to stop in here when I am in the area to pick up fresh bulk items.Their wasabi peas are some of the best, up there with the ones from a can at a fraction of the cost.The Sesame sticks are great, they have plain, honey roasted, cheddar, garlic, and even unsalted, however the unsalted lack flavor.This store also has a good beer section, a wide variety of small cuts of sea food, a slew of organic tv dinners and a decent produce section.Tip: Skip the bag and save a few cents.
5	I have been going to Sunflower for over 5 years, but I made the switch to exclusively Sunflower shopping about 2 years ago - and I'll never go back!I used to hate grocery shopping, shoving my cart through loads of people, trying to avoid the displays full of tempting, unhealthy foods... ugh! Now I love it! Sunflower doesn't feel like a grocery store, but more like a market. The aisles aren't crammed together as close as possible and the produce is obviously the focal point of the store.A few things I could never do without:- Freshly made pesto (as good as homemade)- Wheat pizza dough- Cascade fresh yogurt- Fair trade and organic coffee by the pound (and there's no douchebags grinding the disgusting flavored coffee in the organic grinder)- Dr Praeger's veggie burgers- Sunflower multi-grain bread- Double ad WednesdayAdditionally, Sunflower has scads of inexpensive, store brand canned and boxed items that seem to increase every week. They have a pretty good wine selection (at least for this occasional wine-drinker), and a great beer selection for a grocery store.There are probably dozens more things I could list, but I don't have all day! Just one more thing: I have actually spent less on groceries at Sunflower since switching away from Fry's and Bashas! I can eat healthful and even organic food for cheaper than a regular grocery store! It's almost too good to be true :)
2	So i went into sunflower market today to get some chicken breast, Corn on the Cob and Milk.  The chicken breast were $8.99 a lb and the corn on the cob $2.89 for 5 and the Milk 2.69 a gallon. The milk  comes from Sarah Farms out in Yuma. Now Bashas carres the same milk for 1.69 on sale and $2.29 normal a gallon why the huge mark up?
4	I have recently rediscovered Sunflower Market after a long absence.  The reason for the absence?  Well, I liked the place when it first opened.  After about a year or two, it started going downhill.  Fruit flies around the produce, meat that was about to start a second life and, once, a batch of sausages that were inedible due to the amount of salt that was dumped in them.  Combine that with an altercation I had with some other customers, and I decided, screw it.  I wasn't particularly in love with Bashas' and Fry's, but they would have to do.This was about three or four years ago.  Recently, I decided to try them out again at my wife's urging.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Though the meat section is still small, the quality has increased.  The produce is fresh, nicely priced, and they have a lot of the vegetables that I don't bother with at the larger stores because of either price or bad experiences.  I like the wine and beer selections, as well as the bakery.  I have to force myself to behave when I'm in there.One problem still persists, though.  Sunflower Market does cater to the granola crowd, and as long as they are willing to pay through the nose for anything with a sticker that says organic, regardless of the actual quality, people will be there to make a buck off of them.  And, because they are trying to also cater to the vegetarian and alternative diet crowds, there are way too many off-brands.  Some of it I like, but I really don't see a reason why some of them should be consistently two or three dollars more than the name brands.  Yes, I am a meat-eating, moderately conservative Republican, and I'm sure I stick out like a sore thumb in that store, but like everyone these days my shopping decisions are largely made on a combination of price and quality - and people who are forced into eating a restricted diet should not have to pay dearly for it, either. Well, I'm off the soapbox.  Right now, with the way they are going, Sunflower Market is the best grocery chain in the Valley, and I'm glad they're here.   Minor quibbles aside, I have seen my grocery bill shrink by $30.00 to $40.00 by going there, and I'm actually coming home with what I consider the ingredients for a balanced meal.  And, if you know me, you know my eyes are, shall I say, drifting while I'm shopping.  Gets me poked in the ribs by my wife but, just like when I'm in the baking aisle, I behave myself.Time to go pop one of their saltwater taffies before I head off to bed.
4	After being a farmer's market junkie for a long time, it's good to know there is a permanent one close to home. Sunflower market is indeed "farmer marketish" if one may say. It it not "organic" elite like Whole Foods, it is more of a cleaner farmer's market atmosphere. The vegetable selection is superb! It is also BEYOND affordable. I completely packed filled about a weeks amount of food for under $20.00. Now that is AMAZING! I liked the free samples everywhere too :) The best way to describe this store is somewhere between Trader Joes, Cost Plus World Market and an outdoor farmer's market. The staff was really nice and cheery (unlike the zombies at Walmart). My favorite part of the store was the specialty foods... THEY HAVE DOLMAS!! Love, love, love this place :) Great store that is great for our health and community :)
4	Cheap prices for fresh produce and meats.  Everything is very fresh, and you can get bulk spices, grains, and snacks.  I'm a fan of their double ad Wednesdays where the sales for both last week and the current week apply.  They have a good selection of beers and even have various flavors of lambic.  This is a more specialized store, focusing more on smaller brands that are typically higher quality, so you won't find your usual brand name items such as Coke or Yoplait.
5	This is my most favorite place to shop. Coming from a girl that says a lot!!!
5	I love this place,the staff is friendly and the prices are way better than whole foods or any other" organic" market.its got a good beer and wine selection and always fresh mini deli and olive bar.never used it,but cool to sneak a snack.they have a really nice health and beauty selection as well.two thumbs up and a wave
4	Sunflower Market is the only place I can get some of my food (unsweetened coconut milk, roasted peas, unsweetened banana chips), great prices on produce and has a SWEET beer selection. The staff are always interesting to talk to and they have great customer services. The store is clean and fresh.
3	The produce here is pretty good quality. I don't think I've ever had any problems. They usually have a few really good deals every week. I am kind of bummed that this place doesn't really have a deli or bakery like Sprouts though...I bet it would do really well. The prices are okay...depending on what you're there for. If you want to visit their healthy/organic goods area for sauces, lotions, etc...it's around the same price range as Whole Foods. Like I said though, they usually have okay prices on veggies and fruits on special. I usually only pay a visit to Sunflower once every two or three weeks.
4	the four stars are for their hummus, olive bar, and AMAZING peanut butter covered pretzels. i still prefer fresh and easy or whole foods..
4	I love you Sunflower because you are much more interesting than godawful Sprouts. The bread selection is great, there is just about any bread that you need and some that you didn't even realize the possibility of. When you are not near a Bevmo and you need foreign libations, you should definitely check out Sunflower because they have an awesome beer selection. I'm a vegetarian so I like the fact that there are more options here than there are at Sprouts and they don't charge you an arm and a leg like the latter or worse, Whole Foods.
4	Like this lil grocery. Very convienient, lots of choices for a smaller store,  clean, produce is always good and keeps well. Love the fresh meats they have at the counter and their ground coffee.
4	My favorite store!  I always go in with a list and come out with more than what I was shopping for.  I love that they offer various $3 cheese chunks.  I've tried so many different cheeses that I probably would have skipped over.  I love the fresh fruit and veggies they offer.  Their meat deli is always stocked.  The prices are reasonable for the health minded consumer.  Great selections and the staff are friendly!
5	This is what Sprouts wishes it was. They have better products, IMO. Their prices are on par with Sprouts. A big difference is Sunflower employs fit, good looking people. This may sound weird, but I'm the type of guy who won't visit a fat doctor. Doesn't sit well with me. Sprouts and Sunflower bill themselves as a "health food store". I expect to see slender, pretty people staffed at a health food store, not the old fat people they have at Sprouts.
5	I LOVE this place! I've shopped in just about every section. I've gotten EOs at a great price. Homepathic remedies/treatments. My favorite Egyptian musk and amber oils to wear and incense & candles. I like the vegetables & fruits I've gotten from there as well as the health drinks. They offer more meat substitutes than I've seen anywhere else. I've been happy with EVERYTHING they offer. The staff is very friendly and always smiling making it a pleasure to go in over and over again.
5	Sunflower Market is a great health food store. I live right next to this grocery store and this was the first time I've been there. I'm a huge fan of Trader Joe's and usually go there a couple times a week. I stopped in here because I didn't have the energy to drive the 3 miles to TJ's so I stopped here on my way home from work. To my surprise they had all the food I'm accustom to at TJ's and more. Their supplement/vitamin section is quite robust, they have a great meat section, and their produce section is twice the size of TJ's. The store was much more open than TJ's as well, I wasn't getting bumped into by kids and slow shoppers on every isle. The wine selection was much smaller than Trader Joe's which from what I can see is it's only draw back. With that being said, for what they do have it is all very good and high quality. I still love Trader Joe's and their prices can't be beat, but based on location and ease of shopping I'll be coming to Sunflower a lot more.
4	My fave things here:Sunflower brand of Jalepeno HummusPesto!Fresh Cheese selection with a good varietyLocally made TortillasLocally made PitasWheat Bread with very few ingredients, all natural, and none of that bleached ingredients businessYogurt PretzelsDairy Free Ice CreamAll these items also have great prices. Lots of natural choices, large organic section, and prices on produce are cheaper than the mainstream grocery stores.On my most recent visit I decided to check out the incense section. And WOW I am glad I did. They have an amazing spiritual selection of smelly good, excellent quality incense and Sage.Love this store... I discover something new here to love every time =)
5	I like this store a lot! They really go the extra mile to make it nice.          Very similar to Sprouts. I don't know if they are owned by the same people or not .  They give you 10cents off your bill for everyone of your forever bags that you bring in. That is the best deal i know of. Plus, they even have coffee out if you would like a sample. While shopping.     They have a deli which only provides Boar's Head. Which is a very good thing. No additves and GMO in it.   they will cut your meat and cheese any thickness you like and they put paper inbetween each slice. Which is a wonderful thing.   They even have Organic wine for a very good price.    Very many good things at this store , and well worth the visit.
4	I always get great service and find deals at Sunflower.  Great place to shop!!
5	What can I say? I love Sunflower. They always have fresh veggies and fruits, a nice organic section, many gluten and dairy free products and they have a deli that sells Boar's Head cold cuts. Their prices on food and supplements is always a dollar or three cheaper than Whole Foods. The wine section is good, but I hardly shop it as I find good wines for better prices at Trader Joes, Cost Co, or Total Wine. I have to say though, that some products I do find cheaper elsewhere, such as orange juice and almond milk. I really only come to Sunflower for their produce and some of the gluten free products. But all in all, it's a great natural foods store.
4	It must be January since I'm eating in a bit more as I make up for holiday excess so....here I am reviewing a grocery store. Well, let's call it more of a love child between a chain grocery store and your local farmer's market. You find the bevy of quality produce that you get at a farmer's market but honestly, at an excellent price point due, I would assume, to the ability to buy product for multiple locations.If you want to eat healthy but need to stretch those dollars, Sunflower Market is an excellent place to  go and the location off of Southern and McClintock is fairly easy to get to off of major freeways. I often combine going to see a movie at Tempe Marketplace and then head down McClintock to do the weekly grocery shopping for fruits and veggies.Oh, and on top of that, the people working there, seem really happy to be working there, something that you don't always see as much at larger chains. Oh, and you can also head down from here to Trader Joe's if you stay on McClintock, or vice versa.
5	This is one of my favorite grocery stores!  The produce prices are phenomenal and fresh!
3	The Good:*Produce is cheap*They carry a wide range of milk alternative cheeses*They have a lot of interesting productsThe Bad:On several occasions, I have experienced poor or weird customer service. A friend of mine accidentally knocked over a beer display and a couple of beers fell out and broke. Annoying I know, but the person who came to clean it up was openly irritated about it. Lots of loud sighing and eye rolling. I've worked in grocery before, and had to clean up entire wine displays that have been knocked over. Sure, I was annoyed but I would never treat a customer with such open disdain. After all it was an accident!
4	This places doesn't have that outside appeal which draws you in. But this is now a staple of mine for grocery shopping. Its always nice to get away from the big chain grocery stores. A great selection at the meat counter, definitely give the chicken sausage a try. Prices are reasonable and a much better organic selection than fry's.
3	Sunflower Market gets high marks for having fairly competitive prices vis-a-vis Whole Foods, high quality products (especially produce and meat), good hours (they're open until 11 which is nice), and an excellent selection of bulk foods.On the down side, they don't have a particularly good selection in a lot of areas (poor cheese selection for one).  Plus, they somehow always seem to not have one thing I need every time I come here.  I have no idea how many times I've stopped by, grabbed two things I've needed for a recipe, turned around to grab the third, realize they don't have it, then put everything back and just go to Whole Foods (sweetened coconut flakes most recently).All in all, Sunflower is solid, but they need a better selection in my opinion.  Still, for many everyday items, they're not a bad stop.  If you need less common items (and even some fairly common ones), Whole Foods is a better bet.
4	I'm quite impressed with this store.  I didn't expect it to offer more things than Sprouts (they recently merged) and, frankly, always thought Sprouts was the better of the two but I've changed that opinion. I stopped in today and found vast rows of shelves of everything my local Chandler Sprouts carries *and then some*.  I kid you not, I found a lot of products that I've always *wished* my local sprouts would carry consistently (ie. local lamb, more Rosie's Organic Chicken options, and more Applegate product varieties) *and then some*.  Seriously worth a visit!I parused their meat aisle (they have lots of beef livers and turkey giblets) and their veggie asiles (they have a LOT of herbs and they're way cheaper than I've seen at other groceries) and I'm sure hoping that now that Sprouts/Sunflower has merged, they will carry a lot of Sunflowers buying power to my little local store because I hate having to go all the way to WFoods sometimes just to pick up a few things.  Way to go Sunflower!  Too bad you're not in my neighborhood.
5	Love this Sunflower.  The bodycare section is unreal!  They have some of my favorites like Devita, Himalaya and Goat Milk Soap.  They also have a large selection of supplements.  As much as I love Scottsdale, this Sunflower has that location beat due to size and variety.  Don't forget to check the clearance bin!
2	Good food. OK prices. Just hope you never have a problem you want resolved because the management is no help whatsoever. You can't expect much from someone who manages a grocery store though.
4	I always shop here for groceries. They have high quality fresh produce and also offer processed/ready food, dairy, meats and natural bath/beauty products. They have a sale every wednesday, so if you are looking for low prices, Wed is the best day to go. I do not like to buy fresh veggies from stores like walmart or target, i feel they are processed and not so fresh. Sunflower market also has a decent section of organic foods.
4	love it!
2	This place has issues with mold.  The end.  That's all there is to it.  My husband and I are long time fans of Sprouts and were excited when this location was revamped since we've always had to drive several miles to the Dobson and Ray location.  I've had issues with my Sunflower produce going bad within a day or two of purchasing it and quit shopping there a couple years ago... I guess I was over-optimistic returning to this specific location.I wasn't going to write a review about our visit last Friday until just now when I looked over my bank statement and realized we spent $113 on food we could only eat half of.  Even the chicken went bad.  At the store, my husband looked through 20+ cartons of blueberries and could not find one without visible mold.  The eggs and yogurt all expired the day we were shopping so we went without this last week.  Obviously not a huge deal but c'mon... I go to the grocery store for food I can purchase and eat.In addition to the mold, the meat and bread selections were lacking and I have no idea why they don't have more Sprouts-brand options considering that it is now a Sprouts.I hate writing ugly reviews because I feel like a lot of folks are nit-pickers... but seriously, y'all.  I'm talking about MOLD.  Lots and lots of mold.The employees are super nice and the lines are short.  Customer service is not an issue unless you consider not removing spoiled produce a customer service issue....I do hope that Sprouts can resolve this problem but I gotta admit, I will not return to find out.  Thank goodness for the new location on 48th and Ray.
4	I do love this store. It's now Sprouts so yay! I love that when they have a wide array of things when some places don't seem to have them. I love the variety of the fresh fruits and veggies! Their deli meat is yummy. The staff is friendly. This location is clean and well lit and spacious and always stocked with what I'm looking for. It's one of my go-to's when shopping for my week's food.
5	This review is just for the deli/ country sandwich counter at this Sprouts, formerly Sunflower market.A decent sized "make your own" sandwich for $2.99? Made w/ fresh veggies, and Boars Head meats? Surely you jest! Nope. Thats what youll find in the deli corner. Its a perfect cheap, quick, healthy lunch or dinner.
2	This store was amazing when it was Sunflower, now they are constantly out of stock on lots of items and the management seem to be a bunch of nimrods. They don't even carry Sriracha anymore. WTH?
1	They now close at 10pm instead of 11pm. I am taking away another star.
