4	They have the best decaf coffee I have ever have! I love the bakery there too!
5	I really appreciate that the 7th Street Public Market even exists, try to patronize the place at least once a month and it would be more often if we didn't live in Huntersville.  My favorite new addition is the Meat and Fish company which is owned by the LaVecchia's (yes, those LaVecchia's...).  They supply many restaurants in town and offer a nice, if pricey, variety of fresh seafood and grass fed beef for the retail customer.  They generally have Kobe beef too if you are into spending that kind of dough and always seem to have some interesting, unique specials.  Recent ones include whole Berkshire suckling pigs and this weekend, two versions of huge salt prawns.Yesterday I bought two racks of St. Louis cut Berkshire pork spare ribs.  I dry rubbed and smoked them for four hours and they made a delicious dinner last night.  Again, pricey but, if you have never had any kind of "heritage pork", you will know why you spent that extra cash once you take the first bite.  SO much more rich flavor than what you get from a vacuum packed, mass produced rack you pick up from your local grocery.
4	Writing a review of a place that is still in the process of "becoming" is a tricky venture, but given the vendors already in place and the dedication to local sourcing and home-grown business that is evident, I'm already a fan and can only say the future is looking very bright.First thing to know, this former grocery store has been converted into a large indoor pavillion with a number of independent vendors having dedicated space within.  It's like a year-round farmer's market with and handful of local small businesses thrown in.  The biggest being the Farm Stand and the Meat and Fish Co.  The Farm Stand is really a conglomeration of many farmers and purveyors of local produce who get a little bit of shelf space and utilize a central selling point.  A look here is awesome- from micro greens to local cheeses and gormet ravioli.  Seasonal produce is available, as well.  All is local.The Not Just Coffee Shop is at the bar and serves some amazing pour over coffee and espresso beverages- they are really making art here and should be a first stop before perusing the other vendors.  I am also a fan of The Dough Bowl, a local bakery that originates from a farm in Morganton.  Whether you just want a fresh-baked croissant or a hearty loaf of bread made from locally milled flours, they are serious artisan bakers.  Nelly Naturals and the Bond Street Wine Co. also have small outposts in the middle of the market, with gourmet snacks and fine wines available for purchase.  Saturdays tend to be the big day here, but this place is a hidden gen in the middle of the week.  Given that they occupy the bottom of the 7th Street Parking Deck and validate your parking for the first hour and a half, there's really nothing to lose by shopping here, and everything to gain by helping local businesses and farmers.Even more exciting are the businesses on their way here.  Pure Pizza will open soon with a farm to table pizza concept that sounds out of this world.  Given one of the chefs backing the effort, I am sure there are great things to come from this.Tasty Yo frozen yogurt is also planning to set up shop here, and they were one of the first to bring the tart yogurt trend to the local scene.  No doubt they will be popular in the summer.Fran's Filling Station, a well-loved spot down in Dilworth, also has signage indicating they are coming soon.  Not sure what the final concept will be here, but given their large following at their current location, I can imagine there will be plenty coming from this kitchen as well.So a central place to eat and shop, knowing your purchases are locally sourced and will keep your dollars in the local economy, what's not to love here?  Given the vendor line up and those on the way, the future does indeed look very bright for the public market.  This is local, done best.
3	Three stars for its current form.  As the place fills out, I might be willing to give more.  Overall this is the hub of local, sustainable, fair trade, etc.  There are several vendors: produce, meat and seafood, honey and beeswax products, coffee shop, cake shop, pizza place and a few other small niche-y spots.  There are several "wanted" signs posted so if you do a small, local thing and are looking for a space you might want to consider giving the proprietors a call.  I'd love to see this as a full-out local bazaar style shop.With that said, if you know local/sustainable you know penny pinching is not necessarily a feasible thing.  There are really good, high quality products here and in this case I'll say you pay for what you get.  It ain't cheap.I foresee this place doing fairly well if it can get more vendors, the 7th street location is smart for those quick pick-ups for the before and after work commuter crowd.
4	For such an early review, you have to take it for what it is. 7th Street Market is still under construction, and not all of the tenants have completed their spaces yet.That said, this is something Charlotte has been yearning for. It's a huge open space where Ried's used to be with a dozen or so stalls that feature local businesses and an wealth of organic, locally sourced and sustainable food. Bakeries, butchers, produce, coffee, wine, pizza, and a second location for Fran's Filling Station, plus more to come. On my visits (I've been a couple of times so far), there has been live music and an interesting mix of people hanging out in the seating areas central to the space. It takes on the feel of a big-city farmer's market and is the perfect spot to spend an afternoon.  I've very interested to see how much more vibrant the market becomes once it's completely finished!
4	We are incredibly lucky to have another local marketplace! We attended last Saturday, which was the final day of their week-long grand opening celebration.You walk in & local vendors welcome you with open arms!  Their "stalls" are set up nicely & organized. You have a mini deli - with fresh meat & fish, a produce section with local veggies, a wine area, Pure Pizza, Not Just Coffee, Viva Raw Juice Bar, a cheesecake stand, a ice cream/cake vendor, & a stand with "real deal" New Orleans muffuletta sandwiches & pralines. More vendors are on their way soon. The market is so bright & inviting.I'm extremely happy the market is here...it's in such a good location.  It's the last stop on the light rail & if you park in the 7th Street parking deck, get your parking pass validated at the Farm Vendor stand inside the market - it's good for 90 minutes.
4	Charlotte needs more public spaces, so I am happy to see the 7th Street Public Market putting down its roots. We paid a visit this past weekend, and while as others have noted, there is still a little bit of settling-in and construction to finish up, on the whole, it was a good experience.The market is basically an indoors farmers market with booths and counters around the perimeter of common seating. There's a good assortment of goodies to be found, most of them related to established Charlotte businesses: Pure Pizza, Fran's (coming soon), Not Just Coffee, Las Delicias bakery, Bond Street Wines, etc. There's also a large butcher counter and fresh produce. I look forward to spending a Saturday afternoon here, eating pizza and leisurely shopping around, as soon as I can.At this point, the only mark I can put into the negative column involves hours of operation: the market itself is open fairly late, but on Saturdays, a lot of the booths close at 3:00 or 4:00. This seems counter-intuitive to me (I'd certainly stop in for a cup of coffee before or after a show, for example), so I hope the vendors are committed to staying open long enough to generate sufficient business. I really want this space to succeed!One final note: THEY VALIDATE PARKING. I put that in all caps because that fact makes me much more likely to visit often, and I suspect others will feel the same way.
3	Oh, man! I can't wait to see what the future holds for this place. I just returned from my first trip to Philly where I fell in love with Reading Terminal Market. In describing RTM to my mom, I called it 7th Street Market on steroids. But any further comparisons wouldn't be fair. 7th Street Market has only been open for a few months, not since 1892; and it serves a much smaller city. However, I see what the planners are going for and I couldn't be more excited.I know many lamented the closing of the Reid's Fine Foods at this location but I think uptown Charlotte needs this place far more than what amounted to little more than an expensive grocery store for people with more money than sense...er, I mean...time to cook. There's plenty of that in the city's affluent neighborhoods already. And if you find yourself uptown and really must part with $10 for a small tub of pasta salad or whatever, there's always Dean & Deluca! This sort of place is exactly what Charlotte needs (along with more extensive public transportation and urban parks) if it's ever going to live up to its "world class city" ambitions.So far I've only stopped in briefly for a quick cappuccino from Not Just Coffee and a cinnamon roll from Cloud 9 Confections before catching the train. I must say that not only was the cappuccino excellent, but there's a lot to be said for getting it served in a mug rather than a cardboard cup for a change. Caribou and Starbucks should take note. When dining (or sipping) in, presentation matters.Having not had a chance to do any grocery shopping yet I must reserve some judgement in that regard. I will say that from looking around, the prices seemed quite reasonable considering everything is local, organic, free-range and all those other trendy adjectives that almost always serve to raise the price of produce and meat. If the market and vendors ever decide to adopt hours of operation conducive to turning a profit, I can see myself doing quite a lot of shopping here. I look forward to giving this place at least one more star as they grow and fill up. Improvements are needed but that's obviously to be expected for such a new market. At the moment, the only dining options are a sandwich/American place and an artisan pizza shop. If they can attract some culinary diversity and stay open a bit longer (maybe even for a few hours on Sunday) I might need to make that 5 stars.
4	I'm a frequent customer to the 7th Street Market and love the ebb and flow of this space. It's open, has a high ceiling and retains the feel like that of an open market in San Francisco or New York. Spaces are continually being filled with great local growers, wine sellers, sweet treats and many others. My favorites: Not Just CoffeeTasty YoThe Meat and Fish MarketPure PizzaFor those of you hesitant about parking, fear not. Parking is validated for up to 90 minutes at 7th Street Station parking garage! Bring your pass into the market and their is a validation machine near the main entrance. Simple and definitely makes shopping here a more palatable experience. Speaking of entrances, make sure you don't exit out of one of the emergency exits! Just be sure to check which door you choose when leaving. The emergency exits sound a horridly loud alarm. It happens all the time! Though entertaining, and somewhat humorous, just make sure you actually read the signs on the door(s).Wifi can be a bit of a problem. I'm not always sure of the situation, but ask one of the biz owners and they may be able to help if you can't connect. Plenty of plugs on the floor for laptops/phones, however. I'm excited to see how this place develops. Can't wait to see which vendors make it in throughout the rest of this year!
2	It is my first time in CLT, I am starving.  I come upon a huge ass parking deck, and a sign that says market... You better believe I took the illegal turn into the deck!  Did I get dirty looks? Of course, but do you not see the outta state plate?I was excited, really excited, to take the elevator down 4 floors and check out this market that looks like it takes up a city block.  And then sis and I walk in...It looked like we were trespassing, like they were about to close, and we were not supposed to be there.  The few people that were in there wondered why we came.  Because it's and f'in market, and I am hungry- that's why!I will admit, the space is nice, and a lot of glass keeps it bright, but it just seems way too open for a market.  you have a few places on the side (that each sell their own specialty), and a few places in the middle.  We spent about 2- 3 minutes at each place to see what they offered, and interesting enough, only one person (I think from the butcher) asked us if we needed any help with anything, we respectfully declined (as the power in the house wasn't fully set up to cook anything and a bonfire was out of the question).For 6:00 on a Friday evening, that was a very awkward experience.  A few pluses- the food LOOKED good, but God forbid anyone had to get off their ass to make something.   The space was very clean, I can see a foodie having a reception here, no problem.  I like the location, as their are a few bars around, and there is a street trolley right outside as well.Maybe Friday's are off days in the markets in CLT, who the hell knows...Oh yea, and I still had to pay $2 for parking, only there for 18 minutes (if that). As I just read another Yelper's review, he said that there is parking validation there... Nice Tom, nice...I have seen bigger and better in other cities, but if it is a great fit for the city, then more power to them!
4	The old Reid's is now 7th street station that houses several small vendors serving desserts, sandwiches, a small farmers market, pizza, etc.  I've yet to try all the vendors but definitely looking forward to doing so.  The cheesecake booth has been my sweet tooth fix lately but I have my eye on the pizza spot on my next trip over.  This is a great addition to uptown especially this time of the year when you can just walk over for lunch get a meal and dessert, grab a table outside or in and head back to work..........sweet!
4	Discovered 7th Street Market after trying to find "Not Just Coffee"....I didn't realize it was located in the market.  First time there it was close to closing time so a lot of the shops had already closed up.  Had some awesome coffee and my wife got a pastry from "Cloud 9 Bakery"....which she loved!  We went back last weekend around 3:00pm on a Saturday and more stores were open (The market has new hours to stay open later on Sat and close on Sun) and it was busier.  We had some coffee to start, then tried "Pure Pizza" which was delicious and our new favorite pizza place, and finished off with a pastry.  The place is a real one-stop shop and has a great atmosphere.  I just wish that I lived closer to it (we live in a suburb north of Charlotte) so that we could go more often.  I would give a 5 star rating but I did have an issue with the free parking.  You are supposed to get 90mins free parking and they have little machines in the market to validate your ticket.  I validated it and everything appeared correct but when I went to leave the parking machine said that I owed $10.  I didn't think I had been there longer than the allotted free 90 mins but definitely not $10 longer.  So I ejected the card to try and take it to a real parking attendant but after ejecting it I looked over and saw there was no one in the booth....by that time another car pulled in behind me so I had to go ahead and use the automated pay kiosk. I re-inserted my ticket and all of the sudden the price was now $12.  I paid and left.  I am not sure if there was a problem with the validating machine or if something just screwed up..but the $12 parking did put a damper on our second visit (The first time we parked on the street).  So next time I will check the street first and then if I have to park in the garage...I will double check the validating!
4	What a great use of space in an ideal location! Get here however you can...easy Lynx stop at, you guessed it, 7th Street Station. Convenient parking garage...just get on the elevator and ride down to the tasty vendors on the ground floor. Like Benjamin said, bring your parking ticket with you so you can validate it.This place has everything and is sure to please anyone in your party. There is a Bonsai Fusion (sushi bar), Pure Pizza, Fran's Filling Station, Tasty Yo, Not just coffee, wine, farmer's market, cakes, a raw juice bar...it's foodie fresh heaven! While there are a lot of vendors, it does not have the cafeteria or mall food court style feel (which is a good thing). Rather, it preserves the market feel and offers a more community gathering experience. There are table and chairs set up inside and on the front patio. However, get a lot of people in here and seating can be quite limited. I was very impressed with the layout and concept of the place. It's great to see collaboration of all these great places in one area. If you are Uptown, I highly recommend dining here for a light, casual experience.
4	I have been here many times over the past few weeks and while I sincerely miss Reids, there are a lot of awesome vendors here now!  I LOVE the coffee stand - they always remember what I order and are super friendly.  They have a nice bar and table area if you want to sit or you can get your joe-to-go and wander to the other stands.Right now they have a wine vendor, raw juice vendor, Pure pizza (YUM!!!), Fran's Filling Station (bacon-wrapped tater tots whhaaaa!!!), farmers market, butcher, sushi spot and I am sure much more that I missed.The prices are reasonable and all of the workers are super friendly.  There are plenty of tables in the common area for you to sit and have lunch - or if it isn't too hot - outside :-D  Love it here!!
3	I really enjoyed my visit!  I think that it is a great use of space and I feel as though it is a great stride to growing the unique side of Charlotte.  The variety of local dining places inside is very robust, while showcasing a very collaborative feel.  My only complaint is with validation for parking and their current system. I was there for under 90 minutes and validated my ticket. I even went as far as asking my friend to ensure that I was doingdid it right and low and behold when I left, I still had to pay $8. I have heard of this from several people. It was disheartening for me since that was one of the reasons we chose there as a meeting place.
4	Ok, I wasn't really impressed when this place opened up well over a year ago.  Mostly because there wasn't really a presence of vendors yet.  Now, now there are plenty of great places here and I hear that they are adding Salud Beer Shop's inventory which makes it nearly perfect!  This is a great spot to kill some time on weekends for me due to it being a close walk and then farmer's market here provides some great additions to the kitchen come meal time.
5	I have watched 7th Street Market over the past year, slowly growing, and I can't be more excited about it. I have yet to have a bad experience, and I have probably been there 20+ times since they opened.The Market has become my go-to place anytime I am in uptown, and they keep adding more and more fantastic vendors, it is like opening a new gift at every visit! There are two many wonderful vendors in the Market to choose a favorite, and I hope to review each one of them separately soon, but here is a run-down of what is there now:- Not Just Coffee - truly the best coffee in Charlotte. Pour overs are wonderful, but the cortado is my absolute favorite. They also make all their own syrups, and the hot chocolate is amazing!- Fran's Filling Station - an outpost of the Park Rd, restaurant, they offer a more condensed menu, but you will still find the delicious tater tots. Great salads!- Pure Pizza - Best. Pizza. Ever. I am in love with the sprouted whole wheat crust. It is rare to find a restaurant that makes a decent whole wheat crust that is 100% whole wheat. Pure Pizza figured it out, and offers some of the best gourmet pizzas I have ever had. The plain cheese is rockin', too, and the 10in. is a very reasonable $5.95 in the afternoon. The local honey provided to dip your crust in is a lovely added touch. Another great spot for salads.- Bonzai Fusion sushi - have only tried the sushi once, and while it is a little pricey (unless you order the daily specials), it was very good. The menu is not too short, nor too long, and offers both standard sushi fare, and some original rolls. - Nelly's Naturals - my go to vendor for locally made organic goodies.The farmers market section in the back includes local produce, diary, meat, and seafood. Always fresh, and locally sourced.Other vendors include Salud Beer, Charlotte Tea & Spice Co, Bond Street Wines, Viva Raw, and Eden Flowers.
4	What a great little spot to pick up some local fare..-Local cheeses-Local Fruits/Veggies-Local treats (baked goods, honey, crackers)-Local Juice/ Vegan Fare-Local Grass fed beef & fresh local seafood-Wine & Beer-flowers -coffee-sushi-pizza-other foods... (take & bake, prepared etc.)They come at a bit of a higher price point but overall you're strengthening the community you live in and getting to try some really unique/high quality products.Most vendors proudly offered samples and  I even noticed a sign for wine-tasting. They also took debit, though I'm sure cash is preferred. I love that parking is validated though the process has thrown some for a loop. Park. Shop up to 90 minutes, RIGHT BEFORE YOU LEAVE - (and before your 90min is up) Validate using the machine across from the sushi joint by the door. You will then have 20 minutes from that moment to drive through the exit gate. It definitely is a little process but it is so worth it.I'll certainly come again...and this time I'm buying some of that fabulous cheese I sampled : )
3	I was just an out of towner, passing through.  The market was worth a look but wasn't as big or bustling or locally-oriented as I had hoped.   The cheese shop inside was the only booth that caught my attention for any period of time.  Cheeses from all over NC and beyond, samples provided.  They also had other goodies - we picked up a nice salami and some Brooklyn Bloody Mary mix that you can't typically find.Hopefully this place will grow and thrive.  Go!  Buy something!
5	This is a local market with a great atmosphere, and great people. I typically shop at the market because I feel great after eating the food here rather than at a grocery store where almost everything is processed. The owner's are wonderful, hard at work and treating you like you are the boss, making you leave with a smile on your face. I highly recommend coming here, the only bad thing is that they are not open on sunday!
4	Hello friends,I'm trying to review for the meat market located in the back. Alllllllrightyyyy TheeeenFinally I have found what I've been looking for. A selection of different kind of meats. No no noooo not the regular chicken, beef, turkey, duck. They have a pretty nice assortment of different meats. Clean and void of foul smells. Looked pretty fresh (all yelp reviews aren't complete without "Freshest" in it). Now I met my "Fresh" quota I can proceed. A few guys in the back chopping & packin. I don't wanna repeat what others may have already wrote. However, I ran with Aligator (1LB = 16.99) & Turtle (1LB = 6.99) yeah yeah yeah ohh not turtle. Yes!! LolI'll be back most def!TTFN
3	My Wife and I checked this place out Sunday!  "Not Just Coffee" the Coffee Shop was the ONLY Part Open for Business!  Not Just Coffee is the BEST part of this "market".  This Place has potential, to be a lookalota, though I think that is all!  This place is still a Disappointment, Not what we were expecting!  "Not Just Coffee", the Pizza Place (Pure Pizza) and the Bakery (Cloud Nine) are the only places we would be returning to see, maybe... "Old World Olive Oil" does have a small kioskiosk... Meat Market in the back has the HUGEst LIVE Lobsters I have seen in person (I'm the person, Lobsters are not people [PETA may disagree])...   The Outside (Rail Patio) is much more exciting than inside!  Much more exciting to watch the people on a beautiful weather day (100% this time)!I'm NOT going to review the 10 Story Parking Garage (you can, others have) even though it is 5 stars GREAT... Maybe I should review it since they suck so much less (now with all the security cameras)... The Roof Top has incredible views and it is still Legal, be careful what you do up there, the cameras are W I D E Angle!  Plastic spikes to prevent suicide attempts??? They are so small how does that work?  The Parking Garage is so cool I think I will review it!
3	Cute enough. It needs more vendors. It has the potential to be a Chelsea Market in NYC.
4	There's literally a little bit of everything: coffee, tea, raw foods, baked goods, meat, seafood, pizza, sushi, wine, cheese... The real issue is where my bed is going to go because I could totally live in this place... I love the set-up... It's all indoors, but it's more like an open air market than a structured type of business... You can lazily meander about and experience everything... I can only imagine the energy on a busy Saturday morning... I purchased a yummy and potent pour over from Not Just Coffee, turned around and picked up some Salsa Verde kale chips from the raw foods stand directly behind me... They also have some of those healthy, but interesting smoothies and give samples... Why not try something new?  I walked through the space where the wine is because they were closed and found a whoooooole butcher situation on the back end of the market... They have everything... Fresh meat and seafood, prepared and ready to cook meals, frozen options... It was mindboggling... There's a guy selling jams and preserves, a cheese stand that had a huge inventory of tasty looking choices... Oh! Pure Pizza!  They have a pizza with limes on it... I didn't get it but it's on my list... Cloud 9... Heavenly desserts... Just dreamy...  Bonsai Sushi Fusion blew my whole mind (check out the review for deets) and I'm thinking there's a guy with spices for some reason, but I'm not sure if I'm dreaming that quite honestly... I'm pretty sure there's a spice guy, though... Oh! And there's fruit!I could see spending a whole morning in here... Especially if it's raining and I don't want to go to an outdoor market... This is a perfect alternative and a great choice for exploration...
4	I don't live near uptown and have been mired in my "Ballantyne Universe" for a while, but HOLD ON WAIT A MINUTE.  We ventured uptown on a Saturday late morning to catch a show and went to the market for the sole reason to check out Pure Pizza. Parked in the parking deck and rode down the elevator to the market and when I walked in a smile came across my face and I literally had a "moment"....you know what I'm talking about, the moment when you realize that this is the place that you had always hoped would come to your town.  A virtual cornucopia of fresh local fruit, sushi, coffee, chocolate, popsicles, meat, pizza, confections etc....Sweetie handed me a tissue to wipe the tears of joy off my face and we proceeded in.If you have not been here yet, get off Yelp right now and go.  There is something for everyone here.  I love actually speaking to people about what they're selling, it's such a refreshing change from the Tween behind the register stoically asking "did you find everything ok?".  We had Pure Pizza (see my review), and a cupcake from Cloud 9.  We watched scores of people walk away from Local Loaf with artisan breads and sandwiches.  I spoke to the Salt of the Earth people.....who knew there was so much to salt?  I do now!  Local, fresh and surprisingly affordable produce was purchased by Sweetie.  The meat and seafood in the back was well presented and something I will have to return for.  There were raw juices, and a nice spot for coffee.  The weather outside was gloomy, but there were more vendors out there to peruse.  A few other local people selling and sampling BBQ Sauce were all fun to speak with.  The King of Pops was there and if I wasn't about to explode from eating my whole pizza I would have tried one.This is a place you can go broke in easily, because you want to try everything and support these local vendors.  For someone who is passionate about food and the new, local movement, this place is great.  I will be back and can't wait to try the things I missed on my first trip.
4	Well I admit it, I was so excited to finally be in the 7th St Market! And I'm a little ashamed that its taken me so long to get here! Let's go over the highlights:Fresh meats and seafood, produce, pizza, chocolate, sushi and a coffee joint that I hear is simply amazing! Who could ask for more?!?Just walking around to each different station and talking with the staff and how pleasant and knowledgeable everyone was certainly a treat! And they validate parking for the first 90 minutes!!! It's definitely a great local find and I can't wait to return!
3	I love the "market" atmosphere and the variety that is available.  BUT, every time I have bene to the market, only certain vendors are open.  I went last Monday at lunch time and only the Sushi place, coffee, and cupcake place was open.  I was hoping to get a sandwich or salad, but there was nothing open at lunch time offering those options.  So I wandered to the "farmer's market" area in the back and landed a small potato salad, that had chicken in it?  Was good, but would have been nice if they had something to go with it!  There was honey, soap, cheese...and potato salad.  Very random in my opinion.  Anyway, maybe I have caught it on off times?) although I would think lunch time would be primetime?  Cute be a great place but just a bit all over the place as far as options are concerned.
4	Let's just get a few things out of the way. First, Ferry Building or Pike's Public Market this is not, just like Charlotte does not equal San Francisco or Seattle. So get it out of your head that it will be on that level. I wish that we could combine all the farmers markets in the city and put them all together, but at this point they're so fragmented and self sustaining, I doubt they will shut down, even for slightly subsidized rent from the City.   So given that things will grow organically over time, I think this is a great start. I can't wait to watch it grow. Some best-in-class creative operators like Not Just Coffee, Bar Chocolate, Pure Pizza and Meat & Fish Market as well as a cheese counter that serves gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches make this place a winner. I was surprised by how many people were just hanging out in the middle of the day eating and drinking (even champagne!) on their laptops. Definitely La Dolce Vita and a great haven for foodies!  The service I received from all of the vendors was excellent, especially the Meat/Fish Market who had lobsters larger than you've ever seen in the Queen City.  I will definitely continue to buy seafood from them in the future - the Norwegian salmon was amazing.It gets a little extra credit for being on the rail line and offering free parking to patrons. It gets some docked because I wish there was more produce, but I guess if the volume isn't there, they have to select things that will last.
3	I adore this market. We get fresh farm eggs from here all.the.time. The pizza bar is really yummy. And the coffee? A little expensive but AH-mazing! Totally worth the money. We love jumping on the lightrail to come visit the market. It's also fun to look at all the fish in the back - my kid LOVES the lobsters. It's also cool to see local vendors all in one place here in Charlotte.
3	Perhaps coming on a Thursday doesn't put off the big wow factor that others seem to feel about it judging by the Yelp reviews.  It was fine.  It was hot.  It was basically empty. I easily found parking.  Easily found my way to the place by pressing the 1* button in the elevator.  I had already eaten lunch and was just wanting to get a cupcake and look around.  The cupcake was bleh at Cloud 9 and there were very few items at barChocolate.  I had some luck at Greeneman Farms and found some no sugar added apple butter and peach preserves for my dad.  Someone had sucked all of the air out of the room (it was so warm in there), so I bounced after that.  I should have gotten my parking validated, but I didn't, so parking was $4 for the short amount of time that I was there.  I may venture back to try Not Just Coffee or Pure Pizza, but not until cooler weather returns.
4	I am frequently asked, "Where should I take my ____________ who is visiting from out of town? I want to show them the city, but don't know where to start." My answer usually involves some variety of 7th Street Public Market.a) validated parking for 90 mins (or just swing over to Queen City Q for a drink and have them validate if you're going to be there for a long time)b) incredible local food options including Local Loaf, Orrmans, Pure Pizza, Bonsai, etc.c) treats, treats, treats!! barCHOCOLATe, Cloud 9, Novel Sweets, Salts of the Earth, etc.d) drinky things from Not Just Coffee, the Sorting Table, Viva Raw...There's so much more, including actual "market" type vendors. I love Saturday mornings, buzzing with activity, with additional vendors outside and kids running around everywhere. So if you're looking for a place to give someone the flavor of Charlotte as it's expanding into a more mature city, you simply must check out 7th Street Public Market.
4	Very cool place! A variety of locally sourced food can be found here. We came here on a Saturday morning and parking was a breeze - the parking deck provides ample parking. But take note - DO NOT LOSE your parking ticket  - hard lesson for me, as I lost it and had to pay the $16 lost ticket fee. OUCH.  For folks who hold onto their tickets - there is validated parking for up to 90 minutes.There is a nice mix of vendors - all of them are friendly, knowledgeable, and very passionate about their products! You have everything from pizza to sushi, to cupcakes to chocolates, to gourmet cheeses to interesting salts! We were impressed all the vendors - can't wait to go back!
5	A very neat place to eat and find good local produce and little dining spots. Had the best pizza & coffee ever. :)
4	I've been to the market only a handful of times, seemingly on random Sunday afternoons.  Each time I've been a bit disappointed because the vendors have been closed and I just simply did not feel the great vibe this place has a reputation for.  Today, however, I was reassured that it is indeed a great market.  I'd compare it to Chelsea Market, but on a smaller scale.  I enjoyed a caramel latte from Not Just Coffee and a bee pollen praline from Bar Chocolate - both worthy of the trip alone.  My great disappointment was that I had eaten lunch before I arrived and missed out sampling from some great menus.  I'll definitely be back for lunch or brunch at Local Loaf, a post-workout juice from Viva Raw, sushi at Bonsai, pizza from Pure, and a vegan cupcake from Novel Sweets.  The outdoor seating will be perfect when the cooler fall weather arrives.
3	It's ok, it needs more fresh produce somewhere in the market. there are nice vendors there, but it needs more market types.
4	Great market downtown (uptown) .  Lots of different little shops are with in the market.  During my visit it look like that have some great butcher meats.   The only things i got while i was there was salt from "salts of the earth" and coffee at NOT JUST COFFEE.
4	My Order of Operations for 7th Street Public Market:1.) Get a cup of smooth, delicious cappuccino from Not Just Coffee - don't add anything to it, just sip it slowly, sit at the bar, look around, and reflect.2.) Say hi to Josh at the Sorting Table and buy a bottle (or two) of wine he recommends as a pairing for dinner that night.3.) Get fresh cuts of grain fed animals for the carnivores in my life allll the way at the back of the market. 4.) Get 2 hazelnut covered trufflies at barCHOCOLATE and eat them immediately, with eyes closed and frown upside down.5.) Validate parking ticket for car parked right next door.I've lived in Charlotte almost exactly 1 year, and it has taken me this long to discover the good vibes of the 7th Street Public Market...don't waste that kind of time! Make your way over there and support our local food artists and purveyors!
4	This is one of my favorite places in Charlotte, but I took one star away because of how pricy it can be. I understand why it's so pricy, because everything is of serious quality. There are some more budget friendly things there, though. I have purchased from quite a few vendors. Teas, produce, wine, coffee...soon I hope to afford some of the fantastic meats and cheeses! Today I got lavender earl grey tea, chamomile tea, real beef jerky, rose lemonade, some dog bones for my Shepherd, bottle of wine, and some produce. We also went and had lunch. We ate from the sandwich shop at the very end, across from the sushi place (I forgot the name). While it was good, for $20 I was kind of hoping for a larger portion. However, it was damn tasty and I would get the ham and brie again in a heartbeat! No mango chutney though, that just tasted like straight sugar. I have had a pizza from the pizza place and it's one of the best I've had in my life, and I've lived in quite a few cities "known for their pizza". It's convenient because the train stops right in front of it, and for people like me, who hate driving in the city and driving in general, that's perfect. You can easily walk to the Discovery Place and surrounding places. Love it.
4	So...I have been wanting to go to the 7th St. Market since they opened, and It was worth the wait! The atmosphere is very inviting and laid back. There's so much variety. They have Viva Raw which sells Raw juices, www.viva-raw.com, The Sorting Table which sells wine, www.thesortingtableon7th.com, Salts of the Earth which sells natural, gourmet and specialty salts from around the world. There is also a cheese shop called Orman's that has delicious cheese. The French Comte cheese is to LIVE for! Novel Sweets is there also, they sell gourmet vegan cupcakes, www.novelsweets.com.  Bar Charlotte, you will have to experience them for yourself, wonderful presentation! Pure Pizza smells so good! There is a meat market, a bakery that makes fresh breads and sandwiches, a CMC clinic (just in case). Oh before I forget, Charlotte Tea & Spice Co. and another shop that had a person working there that wasn't too friendly that served coffee, tea, etc. I had a wonderful time! That will be one of my go to spots! 90 min. validated parking. 2 blocks down from the Epicenter.
1	Cannot believe this place is CLOSED at 4 in a gorgeous sunny Sunday afternoon with tons of folks downtown. Unbelievable. Had hoped to pick up some things for dinner and maybe get a coffee and hang out for a bit. If its going make it, this market really needs to  be more user friendly. Such a shame, because there are plenty of customers being turned away today. So much for supporting local foods. Off to Whole Foods we go!
4	i really did enjoy  the variety of items within the market. It's a little pricey past &15 bucks for pizza with a side salad . the fresh veggie market could use some fresher product but the seafood market look wonderful. I do recommend if you are downtown. don't forget to validated you parking ticket
4	7th Street Market is one of my favorite hang outs. There are so many awesome businesses to check out. They have everything- pizza, sandwiches, sushi, desserts/sweets, coffee, cooking salts, and handmade bath products. They have something for everyone here.
5	I really love this place. They have a variety of natural foods from local farmers, vegan dishes, fresh seafood, and much more. I was able to purchase local honey, a bottle of sweet red (wine), and eat a veggie pizza. The environment is laid back. I never have a bad experience. The cost of products are reasonable.
3	I stopped in here for a cup of coffee one morning & had an opportunity to walk through the next day after work. It reminded me of the market we had walked through in Spain with the different sellers and all their offerings. I was just passing through on my way to lunch and didn't have a real chance to stop & peruse the different vendors, but I will definitely keep this on my list of places to visit when i come back with my husband.Even if it is for just another coffee.
5	One of my new favorite places in Charlotte. I stumbled upon this place one day on a search for coffee. A lot of my great finds happen when I'm on a coffee hunt. I love that I can walk to this place from my apartment- I can't think of a better place to kill some time on a weekend. Sushi, Coffee, wine, cheese? what more can a girl ask for?? Well I guess I could go for some homemade soaps and delish pizza. This place has it all. When my roommate and I went it was pretty slow for some reason, but I'm not complaining. All the vendors we spoke with were happy and helpful. My coffee was Amazing ( I wasn't very surprised, I have had Not just Coffee before) Our sushi was fresh and filling and my dog seems to like his hamdemade soap. Parking is validated for 90 minutes and some of the vendors have really well priced items. I'm sure I will be venturing to the public market again!
5	This market is amazing, I went here for some coffee and lunch with a friend and it was fantastic. They pay for the first 90 minutes you park in the garage but the parking is expensive! I was there for about three hours and had to pay 10 dollars even after having it validated. Still yet I considered it totally worth it. They have some amazing shops in there and the atmosphere is great, a very popular lunch spot.
5	This is Charlotte to me!  Local produce, chefs, and people.  I could write a nice long lengthy review here but I think it would serve you best if I just told you that it is in my top 3 favorite places to hang out and get lunch, coffee, and unique locally-made gifts.  Not Just Coffee -- 10 out of 10.  (See my review)  Best coffe, chai, tea in Uptown.Local Loaf -- 9 out of 10.  Fresh baked bagguettes and all around unique sandwich choices.  Fresh made on the spot chips and cucumber salad.  Try the steak sandwich - WOW!The deli counter, the wine store, pure pizza, the fresh local produce, sushi....  They have it all!  If you stop there for a bite, you will thank me.  And whatever little gift you cant find for that one neighbor that you need to get something for.  Head over to the shop that sells unique blends of spices, popcorn, and teas.  Bam!  Count it!Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	We visited the market this afternoon after visiting the Levine Museum of the New South - and although the market isn't real large, it's appealing and also attractive.  There are good food options, a coffee place and a wine store.  Also, there's plenty of seating and it's a bright & airy environment.
5	I love this place.  If you're into supporting your fellow Charlottean or North Carolinian (as you should be) then 7th Street Public Market is the place to be.  Located immediately off the light rail line, it's a place for local people buying local things made from local products.  They care about the details that go into their craft, not just the finished product.  Organic, local, handmade, small farm, all things that these vendors care so much about.  My favorite shops here are:NOT JUST COFFEE - DUH!  Just go there.ORRMAN'S CHEESE SHOP - Rachel knows her cheese and her cheese makers.  Get a sample and pick up some other local specialties here (i.e. Cloister Honey).LOCAL LOAF - Awesome breakfast and lunch.  Fresh bread.  What more do you need?!GREENEMAN FARMS - Local food for local people.  From produce to milk and eggs to preserves.  I love this place.Seriously, go there!
5	Grab a bottle of wine or a couple of craft beers and order a pizza from Pure and you have a perfect lunch date! Quintessentially Charlotte!
5	Loving this place. There are more and more little shops being added. The coffee shop and other places are open early. Which is fabulous for a quick morning sandwich and drink!
5	I LOVE 7th Street Market. There are so many options for food (craft/local) as well as drink and they validate parking. #winningLoving coming here for the best pie in town at Pure Pizza and washing it down with a local brew or yummy sushi rolls at Bonsai Fusion and a cup of hot tea at Not Just Coffee.There's also artisan cheese, and amazing seafood, and a juice stand, and a handcrafted chocolate booth, and a bakery, and a sandwich shop, and oh goodness I can go on!Seriously, go there, you won't be disappointed.
4	So many wonderful options! I went to food good and picked local loaf. I love the food there but I also love the atmosphere of the whole place. I would def recommend it to everyone in the area. I'll be back soon!
5	This place is kind of like a farmers market. They have everything you could ask for. From a butcher and a baker but no candlestick maker(I think) it all has a very young hip feel. Every time I come here something new has opened up. Today it is Tanks Tap a small craft beer bar. They have a lineup of local beers on tap and a bunch more in cans and bottles. They have a special growler fill station that will infuse co2 so it lasts for weeks. Very friendly people so I will be stoping by more often!
5	Love this place, friendly people great options for anything you can think of (just about) Pure Pizza is awesome and good for you, NOW Tank*s Tap! Great local craft beer with great staff! Fun place to stop and have a beer and enjoy pizza or awesome sandwiches from Local Loaf. Either way there's something for everyone. I will for sure be stopping in more often!
4	Great little hidden gem! I'm a big foodie and I thought the local dip sandwich was very good!
5	The market has really filled in and I think that most of the vendor spaces are now taken, including Pure Pizza and Not Just Coffee. Now there's a small beer spot with local brews. And a bakery. And of course, the farmer's market and local butcher. And a wine seller. Gosh, so much yumminess.Not much for street parking nearby but there is a machine that will validate your parking that gives you a free 90 minutes in the Seventh Street Parking Deck. Awesomesauce. Of if you you don't want to drive, the LYNX light rail line stops right here.Get yourself a Not Just Coffee. They're truly amazing.
4	Coffee, pizza, groceries, cheese, artisan bread and sushi.... oh and dessert. Yup - cool spot! And right on the light rail. Stop! It's a great place to meet for lunch when you are catching up with a big group. I love the urban feel. Rainy days sitting at Not Just Coffee is the best. I even like dates with the man here - cruise the produce then share a pizza while planning the next evenings dinner. I never leave without a loaf of bread either. Don't judge me! I love that 7th Street highlights NorthCarolina products and some truly talented people.
3	I wasn't really wowed by this place. I was really excited to check it out and dragged my boyfriend here on an early Saturday morning. There really isn't much to this place. There were like 7 shops and some produce. The meat counter and produce were the equivalent of the grocery store. There may have been some local stuff but it was hidden amongst the regular stuff. The cheese shop was the light and hidden gem of the market!! The food locations that we tried (bakery, coffee) weren't great. It was too early for sushi or pizza so can't attest to those. They had a new Italian import shop that opened that day but we couldn't really see much going on there. Overall not impressed with the place and probably won't be back again.
4	I've been to the 7th Street Public Market on numerous occasions and they get better with every visit. All employees are friendly and helpful and they have some amazing vendors inside. There is really something for everyone. Park in the adjacent parking garage and bring your ticket to get 90 minutes of free validated parking.
5	I really love everything about this place! It is my favorite spot in Charlotte. All of the restaurant selections are absolutely delicious and FRESH! The people that work here are all really nice and personable. I've visited and purchased items from all of the vendors. There's a great pasta stand there where you can buy all types from Italy and the owner is very helpful. I also really love the farmers market style in the back of the market. The nice older man there is very sweet and always helpful in helping me pick out products. I like to support local businesses. I'm excited to tryOut the meats from the butcher soon!
5	I love the concept and location of this place.  I walked by this so many times on my way to class before realizing there was something awesome inside.  I do wish they would close a little later though.  So far I have only tried the cheese shop..everytime I go in I intend to try something else but end up going back.  Maybe next time I'll be able to pull myself away and try another counter.
3	Cool concept, slight miss on execution. Half the booths are closed on Sunday. No designated parking just for the market, we got turned away across the street by the church organization. Parking garage closest to it charges $2 per 20 minutes.
5	Looove this place!! My favorite has to be the pure pizza, the chorizo pizza, wow! So good...  Also the pecan pie from the bakery right next to pure pizza, (forgot the name) but is the best I have ever had. The place is not that loud, and its just clean and family friendly... The parking on that building though is a no -no! Too pricey.
5	Last night we went to 7th Street Market and while sitting in the same space were able to have craft beers, crepes, sushi and a cup of coffee on the way out. We couldn't decide what we wanted because everything looked good so we were able to grab a few things from multiple places and share. It was the perfect spot to grab dinner and drinks before going to a concert.
5	This place is the bees knees. My favorite past time is waking up hungover on the weekend and walking into this lovely place for some food.  Whether it be the cheap sushi, the wonderful sandwiches from local loaf, or some pizza I can't get enough.  Once I am done throwing this delicious food down my gullet then there is even more to be had.  There is a great coffee place inside and Tank's Tap if you want to beat the hangover the old fashioned way via beer.  There are some girly booths but dammit I am a man.  So i head to the butcher in the back and gets all the meats.  7th street you are beautiful and i would have babies with you if science figures out how
5	I love this market!  There's a little bit of a lot of the things I love!  I stumbled upon this market after a trip with the little one to ImaginOn and what a pleasant surprise.  The candle shop in front is awesome, the market of produce and specialty items is the back, amazing,  and the food in between ain't bad either.  My son loved the outdoor seating right by the rails and even had the pleasure of seeing a train go by.  As many little vendors as there are inside the atmosphere is surprisingly quiet, well not too noisy and you can always find a seat. Bonus: they validate parking for the attached garage.  That's tight folks 90 mins of free parking ;-). Can go wrong.  Have a look
4	Coffee, beer, wine, pizza, crepes, cheese, sushi, and so much more!  I'm sold!  7th Street Public Market is the home of Not Just Coffee, Local Loaf Bakery, Pure Pizza, Tank's Tap, Cloud 9 Confections, Hazelnuts Creperie, Orman's Cheese Shop, Viva Raw, and then some.  This place is always busy on the weekends but offers ample seating and free WiFi.  Don't be shy; share a table!  The market hosts various events throughout the week and on weekends.  It's a great place to relax over coffee, have breakfast, lunch, dinner, etc.  You'll see a wide variety of patrons; ranging from the uptown professional to the hipster coffee house lurker.  Business professionals and students alike take advantage of the "mobile office" concept to get some work done.  There's even a designated area to "plugin" if need be.Vendors have changed out some over time, but the tried and true have stuck around.  The market has its own parking garage.  Once inside, be sure to validate your ticket to enjoy your first 90 minutes free of charge.  There's definitely a little something for everyone here.  I'd highly encourage anyone to check it out!
