4	Went to Basil Thai Restaurant last night with my wife on 5th/Church in Uptown. Pleasantly surprised at how good it was! Normally I am not a fan of Thai food, and going to Thai Taste on East Blvd once, made me realize why I don't like the food. However, I really enjoyed the food here. Great atmosphere for couples or groups. Even though it only opened on Monday, they didn't miss a beat and service was right on. They have a restaurant in Charleston as well that gets rave reviews also. This place definately adds to the restaurant chocies in 4th ward and is perfect starting place for a night out. Check it out!
4	Basil is a nice, airy, trendy and delicious restaurant.The setting is really pretty -- lots of windows with a nice view out one side and the glorious side of a building out another (it is uptown Charlotte, after all!).  It is very easy to get to if you're staying uptown or will be headed to the museum or theater.Inside it is clean and tidy, with very clean architectural lines to it with the obligatory asian twist.  Very calm feeling, and there was music on that was chill and upbeat at the same time.We had the larb (beef salad) as an appetizer, Basil duck and red curry chicken.  The duck was very flavorful, but a tad dry.  The red curry was very good and very spicy.As big Thai food fans, there are plenty of items on the menu that we would like to try!The service was okay.  On a scale of 1-5 where 5 is a bothersome waiter, 1 is one who ignores you and 3 is just peachy, I'd say we experienced a 2.5.
2	Ok here we goIn town to cater a Fleetwood Mac show thought we would try some Thai foodFirst the service, so attentive they wouldn't leave us alone kept asking how is everything, I don't care for thatwe had 3 of the appsthe stuffed shrimp wrapped in rice paper and deep fried was very good the basil veg rolls were also very goodthe ground chicken with iceberg lettuce was not very good dry and uninterestingnow the entrees I had the pad Thai I give it a C just not very flavorful had all of the ingredients but it was just blahWifie had the red curry duck the red curry sauce was flavorful but the duck had been fried earlier in the day so the "crunch" was gone it was just real soft I'll give it a C+Sista in law had the cashew chicken dish boringwhen I want Thai I expect a little flair of spice and lots of freshness not here, seems that they have adjusted the menu for local tastes and by doing so have missed the markSKIP IT
4	Basil is a nice restaurant with cool decor, but the tables at the back wall are WAY too close together and unfortunately we were seated next to a drunk foul-mouthed group. However that didn't stop my enjoyment of the wonderful, flavorful Pud See Ew with shrimp. Absolutely delicious. My BF got the Pad Thai which he really liked, but I really disliked the taste of.  We will go back, but hopefully have better neighbors.I had come from working outside and was not dressed like the rest of the Friday night crowd, but the service was still outstanding.
4	I love Thai food and was happy to hear that Charlotte was getting a modern, upscale Thai restaurant.  Don't get me wrong.  "Regular" Thai is awesome, but I love modern decor and a modern twist on ethnic foods.  I called at 1:00 p.m. to make reservations.  There was no answer and I got their voicemail which told their address, hours, etc.  Finally, at the end, it said that if you're calling to make a reservation, leave your name, number, party size, requested time, etc.  I didn't receive a phone call back until 3:30 p.m. advising that my requested 8:00 p.m. time wasn't available, but 7:30 could be accommodated.  Of course, I didn't get this message until 6:30 because I was at work and my cell phone was off.  I called and 7:30 was no longer an option either, but 8:30 was...if I didn't mind a "tight" table. I was a bit leary, but took the reservation anyway.  At this point, I was unsure about even going because first impressions are a big deal to me.  We decided to go with it and showed up around 8:20 to a restaurant that was 75% full and were immediately seated.  Apparently, Basil is trying to sound busier than they are.  I don't particularly care for those kinds of games, but I was glad that we were seated right away.  And our "tight" table was a high-top in the bar area with the next table about three feet away.  Thankfully, "tight" was an exaggeration, as I've been sat in much, much worse.  It was a great table to me, and I enjoyed the soothing atmosphere, low-lighting, and modern decor in the restaurant.  The only thing a little off-putting was the temperature.  We came in from 90-something degree weather (and walking around Uptown waiting for our 8:30 reservation) and expected to be immediately cooled down.  It never happened.  I don't know if the a/c was malfunctioning or they were trying to save money, but I thought it detracted a bit from the upscale atmosphere they were trying to convey.Anyway...onto the food and all the good stuff.  We're at Basil, so of course we had to try the Fresh Basil Rolls.  I love these unfried "summer rolls."  I could eat an entire dinner of them.  They're cool, refreshing, flavorful, and you feel so healthy eating them.  I usually order them at any Thai or Vietnamese restaurant I go to because they're always so delicious.  And they were delicious here, too, although about half the size I'm used to.  The dipping sauce was terrifically sweet and spicy.  Their entrees were typical Thai dishes.  There wasn't anything modern or upscale about them, like I was expecting.  Nonetheless, they had a lot of flavor to them.  I tried (what else?) the Basil.  It was chicken served with peppers, onions, garlic covered in a spicy Thai chili sauce, served with white rice on the side.  YUM.  The entree size was enough for one hungry eater or for dinner and a next-day lunch for a light eater.  All in all, it was an enjoyable dining experience, but I'd like them to work out the kinks with the reservation system, A/C, size of the basil rolls, and adding some modern touches to some traditional Thai menu items.
4	As other's have pointed out Basil is Thai food with a modern decor. We had a late dinner Sunday after 8pm in mid-June. We we were able to walk in and immediately be seated. As you would expect on a Sunday evening after dinner hours the restaurant was mostly empty with a few people off the left in the bar.We were seated about halfway to the back. In the very back of the dining room there is a table for maybe 10 people. There are curtains that could be closed off if you have a group that wants some privacy.  Seated looking over the kitchen we didn't hear anyone from the bar only the downtempo electronic music floating gently through the space. The lighting is dim without being dark. The kitchen is of polished steel and glass such that you can see the staff preparing your meal, but the partition does not extend so low that you can see exactly what is being done, only their general movements. Basil Thai definitely comes through in atmosphere for cool, modern decor for intimate dinner.The other part of the Basil Thai equation is of course the Thai food. Basil Thai is modern in its decor but not so much its interpretation of the Thai cuisine like you might find in the application of Indian food at Copper. They prepare traditional recipes in flavorful and satisfying ways. We started with their Basil Roll that is their interpretation of the spring roll. It is as you would expect, light refreshing and an excellent choice for an appetizer. What will surprise you is the different type of sauce they pair with the roll. I had the Crispy Red Curry Duck. I have not had this particular dish before but I found it wonderful. The skin was tenderly  crispy and the sauce was rich without being overpowering. If you prefer a spicer taste you will want to ask for it. The portions are generous that I had enough for lunch the next day.  My girlfriend had the Pad Thai and was very pleased with it. Most of the entrees have a reasonable price and while the duck is on the highest end of the menu it's a good splurge.For good Thai food in a quiet setting downtown different that your traditional ethnic setting Basil Thai will serve your well.
4	Basil is tantalizing for the taste buds! The coconut chicken soup is smooth and spicy, one of the best I've had in a long time.
5	Me and a date happened to come to Basil after coming from Carowinds, haha.  Pretty incongruous.  Anyways, Basil rocks, I've never enjoyed Thai food before coming here.The decor of the restaurant is very nice.  I love how they mix non-kitschy Thai elements with modern decorations, but it never feels impersonal.  The service was really attentive, but not too attentive.  If anything, the restaurant was a bit chilly, but maybe it's cause I was just wearing a t-shirt and shorts.  But still, it was the middle of summer.The food itself was pretty great.  We came during restaurant week, so we got 3-course meals with glasses of wine, which was sweet.  The stuffed shrimp was ok, the Yum Yee salad was amazing, and my red curry dish was amazing but really way too spicy for me.  I was probably also cold because of all the water I was drinking.  Anyways, definitely give this a try, although it's a bit pricey so maybe come here for lunch?
4	Can't say much more that what has already been said. Good service great food well executed.
3	*This review is from a person that hasn't eaten Thai before*My girlfriend and I went on a double date and told me that we were going to eat at Basil. The biggest gripe that I have about uptown is parking. I REFUSE to pay for parking if I don't have to, so I found a spot on 6th street and I was good to go. I believe they do offer valet parking for 5 bucks.We arrived at the restaurant before the people we were supposed to be meeting, so that gave me a little time to check the place out. The restaurant is well put together. It had a modern feel to it with the lights dimmed to create a nice romantic and intimate feel. They finally came, so we get seated. I'm not sure what to order, so I took suggestions. For the appetizer, I tried the Fresh Basil Rolls, which I did NOT enjoy. It tasted like I was eating a slimy eraser or something. The waitress was semi-annoying as well. We all just had water, so she brought a really nice glass jug (which i thought about hijacking, haha) and placed it in the middle of the table. We didn't even touch the full jug b/c she kept on filling out water with another jug. I'd like to believe that i'm fully capable of pouring my own water, but maybe that's just me. I guess the jug was there for decoration or something , haha.For the meal, I tried the Pad-See-Eu with Chicken. It was actually a very good dish. It just wasn't enough for me. When they brought our food to the table (which took about 30 minutes), I told my girlfriend that we'll probably have to make a stop to McDonalds or something b/c this wasn't going to be enough food for me, haha.Like I stated in the beginning, this review is written from someone who has never eaten Thai before. The place was nice, but it isn't on my must-go places to check out when I wanna go out to eat
4	I've been to Basil a number of times, mostly for lunch. While it can get busy during the lunch hour, there is usually seating at the bar or the chef table if you have a small party.Everything I have tasted is great. And the basil chicken rocks! It may be a little pricier than other thai or asain food lunch specials, but it's well worth it.
3	Decided to have a late dinner here with some friends before going out for the night.  As everyone else has mentioned the ambiance in this restaurant is very contemporary and quite enjoyable.  The food was pretty good as well.  We ordered the stuffed shrimp appetizer which was just okay but my entree was quite tasty and had plenty of heat as I ordered it THAI HOT.  Depending upon the dish you order your entree is served with rice (noodle dishes do not come with rice)  It seemed as though two people could split an entree and have plenty to eat.  The next time I go back depending upon the occasion I will request to sit at the bar that overlooks the kitchen.  The food may be a little overpriced but the nice interior helps compensate.
3	I've been here a few times. Good Thai food.  Slightly overpriced.  Small portions. Drink prices at dinner are severly overpriced.
3	So let me preface this with the fact that I had the flu when I went here. So I ordered the Sweet and sour shrimp soup. The soup broth tasted fishy.... I didn't notice because my taste buds are on a hiatus due to the flu but lucky enough for you, I had two friends who tried the soup and gave the fishy remark. I trust them so you can too. We also ordered the Thai spring rolls and A) they were weird tasting (ie: horrible) and B) when we got our check the guy charged us more for them then they were on the menu for. The menu said "Thai Spring Rolls..... 5.95." When we each got our check with the 1/3 Thai spring rolls charged to each of us and we were each charged 2.98. There were only 3 total rolls and I have a hard time believing that they charge $9 for 3 awful spring rolls. The Thai place I go for lunch gives spring rolls for free and they taste way better. I would suggest it if you want mild Americanized Thai food or if you want nice ambiance. Pros- nice decor, moderate prices on the menu Cons - so-so Thai food, up selling servers, over charging for spring rolls
3	"Can I get a glass of coke without your hair in it?" I know it happens but it does have a tendency to ruin a dinning experience. I am actually amazed I am still giving Basil three stars, but the fact of the matter is even with the hair in my soda and the less than stellar service the red curry chicken was actually pretty good. Of course the hair did come with a free refill after I had already eaten.
4	I end up going to this place at least 1 time per week as I am a big fan of Thai food.  This place is my favorite Thai place in Charlotte.Notable items from the menu:- Fresh Basil Rolls- Tom Yum Kung soup (hot and sour shrimp soup)- Pad Kee Mow- Red/Green Curry- Pad Thai (obviously)I have had nothing but good service and good experiences from there, and I typically go for dinner. It is always packed for the lunch crowd as well.
4	I have been to Basil twice now in two weeks, both times it has beendelicious.  My first interaction with the hostess was not very pleasurable,I went into the restaurant at 1120a and they didn't open till 1130a. Gasp.I wanted to sit down, grab a glass of wine and read Creative Loafing and wait for my girlfriend.  Let me just say I was denied access.  I know I have a lot of nerve showing up so early and before anyone explains to me the inner workings of a restaurant, I supported myself, full time, non-stop as a waitress for twenty years.  Let's just say good thing the food was delicious or I would have not been back.  Finally when the hostess saw fit to sit the now three tables at the door, she walked me to my table.  I sat down and ordered a glass of Prosecco, it came a little flat, I thought,  BOOOOO, but I couldn't complain, it would just be in bad form.  I drank my flat sparkling, I have had worse.  We started with basil rolls and chicken Larb.  The basil rolls were fresh and the dipping sauce was the perfect sweetness with a tiny kick of spicy chile paste.  I have only had Chicken Larb served chilled like a salad, this Larb,  the chicken was freshly cooked and served room temperature. Larb is usually a meat concoction of mint leaves, chili, onion, rice powderin lime juice and fish sauce.  We also shared some chicken red curry, it was great, how can you go wrong with coconut milk and red curry?   My second visit I went at a more suitable hour of 1p, so I didn't get anylip from the hostess.  We had basil rolls again, shrimp fried in egg rollwrappers and Pad Thai, everything is fresh and the heat index is perfect, you can ask for chili sauce and make dishes as spicy as you like.  I love this restaurant, I think I would go on off hours or weeknights or expect a wait, the restaurant only sits about 75 people. It is priced reasonable at lunch, with a bottle of wine our bill for two was $60, half of that was the wine.  If you haven't eaten Thai food, I would recommend going with two or more people so you can order a lot of food and try a lot of different items.So far, everything I have had has been off the charts fresh and scrumptious.  I feel like everyone is allowed to have a bad day, maybe I could make sure I am really nice next time I go in there, maybe she won't remember me as that customer that came in too early.  I would rather be known as that lady who drinks at 1132a.Basil Thai gets a 3 corndog rating.
3	I've been to Basil twice. The first time, I went for lunch the second week it was open. I had chicken mussaman curry, which is my favorite thai curry  dish, and thai iced tea.  The thai tea was particularly good and the curry was satisfying if not a bit heavy on the coconut milk.  It did compare in price and taste to Thai Taste (which is the best Thai in the city IMHO). My second visit was for dinner this past weekend. I had a gift certificate to use as part of CLT restaurant week promotion. For an appetizer I split the shrimp hot and sour soup with my boyfriend.  This was excellent, a good balance of tangy and spicy, and the presentation was nice.  For dinner he had Pad Thai and I had the signature dish, crispy red curry duck.  His Pad Thai was not impressive just okay as far as the thai staple goes. It seemed to have too much rice wine vinegar in it. You can definitely find better and cheaper elsewhere. The crispy red curry duck was disappointing. The duck had obviously been fried earlier in the day and sat in it's sauce for a while because it was not crispy, nor was the meat particularly juicy. The sauce was delicious but I expected a lot more for $25 and  promise of the chef's signature.  The biggest disappointment of the night though was not being able to order dessert. All through dinner I watched the large open kitchen push out orders of green tea fried ice cream and I couldnt wait to get some.  But when we went to order dessert our waiter told us the kitchen was closed.  I found this really surprising. I've worked as a server before in places no where near as nice as this, and we always asked our tables if they wanted anything else before the restaurant closed down the kitchen. You are definitely paying for the modern upscale atmosphere when you eat at Basil.  It's probably a nice spot for those who live nearby. I would recommend trying it for lunch to see if it's for you. But if you want truly good Thai in Charlotte, you don't need to spend more for it here.
4	Location: Great for lunch or those walking to eat. Not so much if you're coming into Uptown and have to park.Food: Very good. I've had the Wonton Soup, Pad Thai and Masaman Curry with Chicken with White Rice. All were very good and convinced me that I like Thai food.. though the soup may have been slightly bland.. I took my sister and her husband there, they also loved it and their huge Thai eaters. My boyfriend had the garlic chicken and that was a very accurate name (HEAVY garlic and chicken). Service: First time I went there I swore I would never go back. I was there for an hour before I got my food. They were so rude about it. The manager (?) made my skin crawl when he tried to "appease" me. I left absolutely furious. The next time I went was after work. Service was much better. The next I went for take-out, which was fine. And the next was again for lunch. I sat at the bar and had a great experience. My Recommendation: I can't remember the name of it for my life, but they have a martini there. It's creamy and I think the word Thai is in the name. AMAZING.
3	We went here for dinner last night.  First, our waiter was HORRIBLE.  He didn't show up until we'd been seated for almost 15 minutes.  No water or anything.  Then, when he did show up, his opening line was, "What can I do for you?"  Stop with the dumb questions!  We're here for dinner... in case you forgot, you're supposed to make our dining experience pleasant.  The bad service was counterbalanced by the GREAT food.  Tom Kha Gai - perfect Green Curry - just the right balance between the sweetness of the coconut milk with spicy heat. Creme Brulee - all three flavors were great.  They came in a three small dishes.  I think the flavors were ginger lemon, orange green tea, and cinnamon Overall:  I love Thai Food, and I've been to other Thai places in the Charlotte area.  This place is okay, but something about the experience made if feel all wrong.  One of the reasons I like going to Thai places is because they are authentic and usually family owned.  The best thing I can relate it to is going to a mom-and-pop Italian restaurant vs. a trip to the olive garden.  Yes, the decor was "fancy" but I don't need to feel like I'm in some dance club to eat good food - it almost ruins the experience in my opinion. The prices are fairly high and I've found food just as good at other Thai restaurants in the area and their service to be WAY better.  If I'm paying top dollar to eat uptown, the service better be fantastic.  It looked like the other waitstaff had great attitudes and were serving their tables quickly.  Hopefully they'll weed out the guy we had... looks like a couple other people who wrote reviews might have encountered him as well.
5	Went to Basil Friday night before going to see the Jersey Boys..I was so excited, I had read the menu on line and read some of the reviews here. We were greeted by a most Knowledgeable waiter named Dylan. He knew everything, I think he belonged in my family because he was definetly a FOODIE. He described everything perfectly..made recommendations and was really friendly. We had the Larb and the Green Papaya Salad..we opted for the Beef Larb, it was perfect..and the Green Papaya salad was filled with boiled shrimp and peanuts..it was fantastic. Dylan the waiter had said one of his most favorite things was the Spicey Thai fried rice..he said it was sooo good..We ordered the Chicken Spicey Thai Fried Rice..it was just as he said INCREDIBLE!! The night was made even better when Dylan, who was not only wise about the food but also wise about wine came to the table and told me they had opened a bottle of 1995 Beringer Knights Valley CAB..did I want a glass...It was like Velvet chocolate on my tongue..it was fantastic..So I give Basil Thai ..10 points..everything was great about it!!
3	Very good Pad Thai and the soup was awesome! The location is really good although the outdoor seating could be more abundant and well shaded. Service was a little lacking as well, but I have to say again.. the Pad Thai was really good!
4	We come here often. Great coconut chicken soup! Not a fan of the Pad Thai - too sweet.  Everything else is excellent.  You can take the kids, but  I would say after eight its an adult atmosphere.
5	I travel a good deal and am always looking for something different.   I stumbled across Thai Basil in downtown Charlotte and I am very happy I did.        The appetizers and entrees were EXCELLENT, the service was WONDERFUL and the dessert was SCRUMPTIOUS.   We ordered the Stuffed Shrimp, Coconut Chicken Soup, Basil Duck, Pad See Ew, and finished off w/ a creme brulee trio.     Note:  You can order the food mild, spicy, Thai Spicy or even kick it up a notch for the really brave. I would put this on my top 5 places to eat in the US based on tonight dining experience.
4	Will I pay $15 for Pad Thai? Why, yes, yes I will, because it's that good at Basil. When I moved to the Queen City a few years ago, I had a hard time finding really delicious Thai food. I tried a few local favorites but I was never impressed. In comes Basil... The atmosphere is chic and modern and the restaurant is well appointed. I'm happy that they added valet service and a bit of outdoor seating - always helpful for local peeps to drop by. As I mentioned before, I positively crave their Pad Thai and always ask them to make mine spicy, but not Thai hot - I'd like to keep my taste buds intact. As for their other dishes, I've thoroughly enjoyed their Pad See Eu, Pad Woon Sen, Basil Chicken and beef satay. The portions are fairly large - but not massive Maggiano's style. The service has always been top notch here - the one time that we waited at our table 10+ minutes before a waiter got around to us they kindly sent a free dessert our way. Said dessert was fried ice cream - not my personal favorite, but I appreciated the sentiment. Definitely give Basil a try if you're looking for delicious, upscale Thai fare in the QC. Oh - and for those of you who travel to the coast - Basil has another location in Charleston and is opening a new location in Mt. Pleasant (also SC) in the fall of 2010!
5	Some seriously good pad Thai- lots of flavor, comes with plenty of lime and cilantro. Noodles are thinner and not as flat as they usually are with pad thai bit it worked really well. Only thing is the chunks of lemongrass sometimes are a bit rough if you accidently get one. I eat a lot of pad Thai everywhere I go and usually it's terrible but this is easily one of the top 3 that I've had. Never given a 5 before.
4	I went to Basil before a performance of Wicked on Sunday night.The restaurant is pleasantly decorated and very light with small Asian touches that say "yeah, I'm in a Thai restaurant but I'm not in Thailand."Sunday was half price wine night which was great for our group as we settled on a couple bottles.I order the "Basil" Beef.  It was served with a large pot of white rice.  The Basil entree comes with basil, bell pepper, onion, garlic, and thai chili sauce.  It was very very good.  It had loads of flavor.  For me I tasted the basil first, then the garlic, then a nice amount of lingering heat.I thought that $15 was a bit much for the amount of food that I got but you could have as much rice as you wanted so I was definitely full at the end of the meal.Our service was very good.  Our waitress was friendly and playful without being overbearing.I would definitely return to Basil the next time I'm in Charlotte.
4	Nice environment and good food. The papaya salad was delicious. Friendly and quick wait staff (on a Monday night).
2	Not my cup of Thai (admit it you laughed).  I would much rather go to Thai House or Thai Taste.  Its definitely edible considering I finished my Pad See Ew but the flavor just wasn't there.  Everything tasted one-dimensional.  My wifes Pad Thai wasn't that great either, but I'm not a fan of it in the first place so I'm biased.  If it was cheaper I'd give more stars, but for the price stick with the old standby's.  Its been a few years but I remember the Charleston location being better.
5	The only Thai joint you'll ever walk into and hear anything from a live Grateful Dead show at lunch to the latest and best in the indi rock scene. Great food, Great Staff, made my day in Charlotte great. I ended up going back for dinner where the bartender was extremely pleasant, great conversation about music and the food, paired up great wine to go with my meal. Two Thumbs up. . . if you don't go here you're missing out!
4	Food is excellent! Serving sizes are huge. Wife and I always share here/ Sit out on the patio to enjoy the passer-by's
4	Pretty much a carbon copy of basil in Charleston that I have visited many times. Food was delicious, though my basil beef was not quite as spicy as I would have liked. I actually went a second time on this trip and ordered the pad prik pork and asked for it "spicy, but not insanely spicy" and got exactly what I wanted - hot enough to make you sweat a little but not enough to numb your taste buds. Service was attentive and prompt. All in all a really good thai restaurant!
5	I wasn't sure I was in the mood for Thai, but my friend hadn't been here, so we went. I am so glad we did! We valeted for $5, which they add to your bill so you don't need cash (why doesn't every restaurant do this?)My friend had only tried Pad Thai and wanted to branch out, so I recommended the Green Curry for her, she loved it, b/c she can handle spice.For apps we had Chicken Satay which was truly delicious. I ordered the Masaman Curry (which I get at all thai places) and it was by far the best I have had. It also cost about $4 more than I usually spend, but totally worth it. Our waiter was good. We went on a Friday night and didn't have reservations (which I think are recommended) so we had to wait at the bar for a bit, but we shared a bottle of wine, so I guess it was ok :)overall, great experience and delicious food
4	Hello, Basil.I had some out of town guests to show around and you weren't my first choice...but next time you will be. We went to two different sushi places that were too busy to seat us before going to Basil. We almost didn't go in because it looked closed from a distance. (Basil, the window tinting is way too good at night.)By the time we got there, we were starving...what an impression on my guests, right? Taking them all over...but third time is a charm! The server was very friendly and accommodated to our growling stomachs. We got an order of spring rolls while waiting for the main dishes. Yummy. I got an order of Pad Thai, mild to medium spice. It was delicious!! We loved their spicy sauces and our server had to restock our table at least once.Great atmosphere. Good location. Delicious food. Attentive service.Granted, the prices are a bit more than you'd expect to pay for Thai food...but the service and quality of food made it worth it.
4	Basil rolls very good.  Service good, food good.  Pad Kee Mow tasty, a nice kick to it, filling.
3	Great decor, nice ambiance...wouldn't hesitate bringing business associates looking for Thai...food pretty good...not quite up to the standards of my favorite local CT spots...but a great option!  Basil Rolls were superb!
3	A coworker and I went to Basil for lunch.  The restaurant was very busy, but they were able to get us a table in about 10 minutes.  We could have been seated sooner at the chef's bar which gives you a bird's eye view of the kitchen.  Our server arrived and took our drink orders and gave us a couple of minutes to look over the menu.  When he came back we both ordered the Pad Thai.  I asked him if they had a scale for the spiciness.  He explained the Pad Thai had no spices, but their scale was mild, medium, hot, and Thai hot.  Unless you know to ask you would get the mild.  We both ordered hot.  Our food came out pretty quickly and looked good.  The one thing I noticed though, was there were no peanuts on either order.  The food was steaming hot.  The flavor was OK, but nothing special.  I felt a little burn from the heat, but I definitely would order the Thai hot next time.  Overall our lunch was good as was the service, but the prices here are a little higher than other Thai places.  Unless I have a craving for Thai when I'm working downtown, I probably would go to a different Thai restaurant.
1	I really like the food in Basil. May be these restaurant people know that there food is best in downtown so they misbehave with the customers. The welcome desk people who have to greet the customers and seat them are the worst. They are rude and they sometime purposely make the guests wait. Looking at these rude attitude and frowning faces when you enter give such a bad feeling and that even the good food cannot compensate.The food is 5 stars but the service is 1 star. So overall experience is not so good
4	If it were not for the gift certifcate we had from a JDRF fundraiser I don't think I would have stepped foot into Basil.  I always drive past it and from the outside..it just looks like another Thai place that might be mistaken for a Chinese/Japanese restaurant. However, as soon as we walked in we were very surprized and impressed with the decor and that they were packed..on a Wed. night!  Our gift certificate had expired 2 weeks ago (I can't understand why a gift certifcate would expire).  The hostess at the desk didn't look like we were going to wiggle our way out of this one.  She called over the manager, Dillon, and he looked at the gift certifcate and said they would honor it and then thanked us for our donation to the JDRF.  Dillon seated us and took our drink order.  Hendrick Gin & Tonics - yes they had Hendricks AND they had cucumbers and didn't look at us strangely when we asked.  A+ already.  We started off with the Basil spring rolls.  They were very good and the dipping suace was very spicy, but you only got 2 of them for $6.95.  I thought that was a little pricey and I would have rather gone for the lettuce wraps. Dillon was very attentive and we had a great discussion about how the Uptown hotel market has been full for weeks and is booked until Thanksgiving.  He also made an excellent recommendation for a Pinot Noir and it wasn't the most expensive wine on the list.  For dinner, Jennifer our waitress was very helpful.  She said she liked the red curry dishes the best and suggested the Red Curry Duck  ($24.95).  We ordered the duck and the Pad Thai ($15.95).  The Red Curry Duck was awesome.  The Pad Thai had chicken and shrimp and it was very good.  One of the best Pad Thai I have had in awhile.  It did not stick together like a big wad of starchy noodles.  It was very good with enough of a helping of chicken and large size shrimp and a good amount of vegetables.  After dinner we went to the bar and finished our wine and had a rum mojito that was also very good.  The bar tender was personable and Dillon came over to check on us.  It was a great night and the food was superb.  Will definetly go back to Basil Thai.
4	I'm NOT an adventurous eater but I am trying to branch out.  So some friends from work decided we're going there, I took a deep breath and said ok.  Loved this place - I had sweet & sour chicken and had leftovers for the next day's lunch.  We had about 7-8 adults and everyone fell in love with the food!
3	A dinner and a date.. There were a few things that stood out particularly... One... The soup comes in a nifty bowl that in the center of it was fire!  That's right... Fire!  The second...  The iced tea mojitas are dangerously good!  We are fortunate enough to know someone who lives within walking distance, so we hoofed it over to Basil, so the unfortunate task of attempting to park uptown was not for us that night!! We had a reservation which we were early for, meaning we were crammed into a very small waiting area until our table was ready.  The waiter was very nice, although not incredibly knowledgeable about liquors that are stocked and asked if we still needed the wine list after we had all gotten our cocktails.  Just silly I say ;)The meal was quite tasty, about par for Thai food, however the price was pricey pricey!  For two people you're looking at close to 100 bucks including tips and two cocktails.  The atmosphere is swanky uptown type and of contemporary design.  I'd give it a four if I felt that the price was moderate, but I'm holding true to my guns and giving it a solid 3 stars.  Smiley :)
4	Best description- ultra chic uptown Thai fusion with a "place to be" feel on Friday night. Very diverse, delicious menu with well balanced flavor and heat. I'm giving 4 stars due to some over- cooked red curry duck. Service was perfect- Elaine was an excellent compliment to our meal and gave great food and drink recommendations. Try the pineapple mojito!! And the stuffed shrimp appetizer. Experience both red & green curry (both unique flavors and delicious). The dessert was phenomenal and another recommendation by Elaine - homemade in- house snicker cheesecake. It was fluffy and delicious. We will be back...
5	Favorite Thai spot in CLT. Pad Thai is always delightful.
3	High Luxury Mediocrity is the best way to describe this place. Dry but slightly flavourful food. The restaurant charges you 1.5 times the price that they should be. A fair 2.5 star rating. Go elsewhere and save your $.
2	Funny how a Fellow New Yorker appraises this spot as a 2 star restaurant, and most of Charlotte raves about it. Food is fresh, but bland and dull. I say save your money and go elsewhere.
4	Cute restaurant in the downtown area.  Great for lunch or dinner.  Had the shrimp spring rolls & the tofu ginger entree. Very yummy!
3	I've been here quite a few times for lunch ever since they opened.  Everything I've ever had is perfectly good Thai food--standard fare and exactly what you would expect.  And this is why I always find it a little weird that they charge a dollar or so more than a regular Thai place for completely standard Thai food.  Really, this is my only objection to this place.  I know the location is good and there aren't lots of Thai places around here, so I guess that's the reason for the mark-up. Specifically, on the food, I've had the pad thai, basil with tofu, ginger chicken, green curry with chicken--and all of them have been equally fine. I would say that pad thai could be a bit more sauced, but other that it is very good.  So if you are craving Thai and have an extra dollar or two in your pocket to burn, then this place is worth an occasional visit.
5	This restaurant is LEGEN * wait for it, wait for it * DARY! LEGENDARY! Ok,not epic great, but I truly am a fan of Basil.Been here numerous times for lunch and mostly always order either the shrimp fried rice or green curry chicken, both thai hot. The Som Tum (green papaya salad) is really good as well. The thing is, its pretty rare for someone who likes Thai food to walk out of this place disappointed.Tips - * for lunch, make sure you get here before 11:30. Otherwise be prepared to wait about 20-30 mins to be seated. They do not take reservations for lunch.* for dinner, make reservations as early in the day as you can. They do run out if you're calling for dinner reservations on Fridays or Saturdays.
3	Totally forgot to review Basil.  We hit up the bar area for a CMYE back in early November.  Yes, 2010, and I just get around to writing the review now.  Only four months, not as bad as reviewing my wedding venue a scant 7 years after it happens, right?Nonetheless, Basil is a hip place.  Even the valets are cool, letting you take advantage of their services before they actually open up for the evening.  I just wish that they were complimentary.  I would prefer you called me thrifty - as in, "I like that he saves his money to tip the valet", rather than "what a tightwad, not wanting to valet when the appetizers are free during happy hour" - but you make the call.  When you go a block in almost any direction and valet is free, it makes for a rough comparison.Also, being across from the cemetery is pretty rough.  But the atmosphere and the staff do make up for it.  Once you are inside, it is very easy to forget about the graves across the street.  The food helps too, of course.  Is it more than other places?  Perhaps, but it is probably worth it.
5	Definitely my favorite lunch spot in uptown.  Yum.  And a favorite of several of my co-workers. The only bad part is that it's not cheap.  You'll end up paying $16-$17 with tip for lunch (but it's so worth it as a treat).  If I had the money, I would eat there every day :)The only dish I've ordered is the Basil, however, I've ordered it with chicken, tofu and beef and all have been fantastic.  I like it so much that I don't want to order something different and be disappointed.  If you go for lunch, make sure to show up a little before noon in order to get a table.  No matter what day you go, there is always a lunch rush that fills the entire restaurant.
4	Solid 4 stars!  Stopped in here the other night to have a quick, early dinner.  Had the Green Curry which was pretty good.  Even got to try their egg rollsServer was very friendly and on-point with beer refills and taking our order.I do want to mention that they do open for dinner at 5pm and we were puzzled since we couldn't open the door at 5:13pm.  A minute later, the hostess opened the door from inside - apparently we weren't pulling hard enough due to the suction in the room and the wind in the alleyway????  Anyways... I felt like a weakling after finding out it was just a matter of arm strength... but I am glad the hostess let us in so we could have a good meal!
3	The food is good and the bar isn't bad at all. Th outside seating is nice!
4	Much like a fine wine or that day(s) old homemade soup, my taste for Thai is getting better with age. I have dined here twice now, each time as good as the last. I can't get enough of the basil rolls. They taste so fresh! The egg rolls looked great, but I wouldn't know, as they pulled a vanishing act by a magician boyfriend. Both times I have had the pulled duck salad, served with a wedge of lettuce, pineapple, cashews, ginger, and scallions. It is just so delicious, and only about $7 for a seriously decent amount of food. Specialty salads at most places around here are at least $14, and I have seen higher. Still thinking about that duck... I tasted the Pad Thai. Very good. Is it just me though, or are the noodles here thinner than traditional Thai? But I wouldn't know the difference. Great service, cool uptown atmosphere without trying too hard, excellent food, and valet (it is much needed). Give it a whirl!
4	Was in town for JWU graduation and found this place on Yelp. Took my girl for her first Thai experience. It was fantastic. Ordered the pad thai. Presentation was great and the flavor was superb. Try the Thai Lager. It was a great compliment to the dish. A bit pricy but worth it.
5	The best Thai food I have had in Charlotte. The food is great, very fresh and flavorful, The staff is outstanding. It all starts with the owner when you walk in if he has only met you once or twice he immediately says hi and makes sure you are seated, the wait staff is very responsive and the service is prompt.Red Curry is great and the Thai Larger is a great pairing.
4	Great food and service.  We hooked up with some friends last night for dinner.  For appitizers we had the Larb and Nam Sod.  Personally I didn't care for either of these but the others at the table seemed to think they were ok.  For the entrees we had Red Currie (x-spice), Chicken Pad Prik (x-spicy), Chicken Cashew Nuts and Chicken Pad Woon Sen.  They were all very very good.  The Pad Woon Sen was awesome and my personal favorite.
4	David booked a reservation here for a birthday dinner at 7:30, we arrived a bit early at 7:03 and were seated promptly with no problem by the pleasant hostess. The interior is a bit more trendy than the usual Thai place. I dig the lighting that reminds me of carnations. I had dirty silverware at my table but it got promptly replaced as soon as I mentioned it. I think the server could have at least said sorry or something though.I was already quite full from a picnic party in the park earlier in the day which consisted of ribs, fried chicken, bbq chicken, cole slaw, potato salad, and lots of alcohol. I decided what the heck with and ordered the crispy red curry duck, while my partner ordered the Basil Duck to share and check out the differences. The food came out very fast though I have a minor gripe with garnishing a dish with stuff that doesn't add anything to it. The basil duck is HOT! I'm not much of a fan of spice so it was a bit spicy for me but still delicious. The red curry duck however is crispy and a bit salty unless eaten with generous amounts of rice that is provided. The curry was seasoned very well I must say, I wish they put the same amount of effort into their rice. It was plain and boring, I felt like it could've used an extra rinse as it was very starchy. At the end of the dinner they brought out some fried green tea ice cream with a candle on it and wished me happy birthday, what a nice way to end a birthday dinner!I feel like I would've been less picky about the food and enjoyed if I was hungrier. But I did tear apart that green tea ice cream though yum! The seating is kind of close together and you can hear everything that the table next to you is talking about. For giving me free fried ice cream I'm a fan though it is a bit more than I would usually pay for Thai food.
4	It Is a very nice Thai place in Charlotte, prolly the best too
3	Walked out as I was expecting a bargain - I'm sure the food is good
4	Very, very good Thai food!!! Really nice, upscale atmosphere. Nice outdoor sitting area, but we got blown outta there when high winds started up. They quickly sat us inside at a great table. For a starter we had a pot of the Tom Kha Gai (chicken coconut) soup, which I had never had before. It was heavenly!!!!!! Thought it would be too sweet, but it was perfect! Then I added in some chili garlic sauce and it was even better!!! I got the pad Thai and it was great, not too many peanuts, I hate that! My boyfriend got the pad see ew and really liked it as well. A friend of ours got the curry chicken and it had a wonderful flavor. The portions are large, you could really share a dish. When I go back to Charlotte, I will eat at Basil again for sure! Only good Thai food I have found in NC so far.
4	If PF Changs was a Thai restaurant, it would be Basil. Trendy and clean, traditional street food presented more elegantly and the the prices to match. (they even have a banana spring roll dessert that's uncannily like PF's...not that I'm complaining, it's really yummy)Don't get me wrong, the food was v.good. Summer rolls fresh, pad see ew flavorful and not soggy and overcooked like some Thai places I've been to around CLT. The manager on duty was always buzzing around...but seemed super down-to-business, and not all that warm. I think I'd be more willing to pay their slightly elevated prices (I say 30% compared to Thai Taste and Dee Jai) if the service was better and the environment more inviting. Don't forget, noodle dishes originated as street food, costing 75 cents of a dollar. To adapt them into an upscale restaurant, you gotta make it pop to be worth the $!
5	Had dinner here and was very satisfied. Just what I have been craving - Thai food prepared well with lots of flavor and fresh ingredients.Drinks: basil vodka martinis - tastyApp:  basil rolls & yum yai salad - great, very freshEntrees: shrimp green curry & basil tofu - both deliciousDessert: fried green tea ice cream - yummers!Overall a great meal in a nice, urban chic environment. Can be on the expensive side but this is not your typical 'hole-in-the-wall' cheap Thai dining. Awesome place to treat yourself and a date.
4	Great uptown place for Thai food! The Crispy Red Curry Duck was good and was plated well. It is served with vegetables and shredded cabbage. I declined the jasmine rice. The dish paired well with Sauvignon Blanc.
5	I took a chance on this place based on the name and was so happy that I went. The bartender made me the most delicious basil-lime martini and I also went with it and had the Basil entree at his suggestion.  The atmosphere was cozy yet modern, and the food and drink was what I look for every time I go out to eat.  I wish I could move this place to my town!
3	(2.5 stars)This was my 1st stop at a Thai place in Charlotte after many years in Brooklyn.  Decor is nice I suppose but we (wife and I) ate outside since it was a beautiful evening and the A/C was quite cold.  The waitress was friendly and the service was good although it was a Saturday night and got quite crowded later on and was  bit hard to find our waitress for the check.  She never rushed us, despite the line waiting for a table, which was nice.  The food was good. Veggie basil rolls to start were a bit bland but nice consistency and the sauce was good.  I had a spicy chicken basil noodle dish which was quite good, nice level of spice, and sweet but not overly so.  There was VERY little basil in my dish, which was quite a disappointment for me.  The portions were overly large in my opinion, as I couldn't finish, and I can always finish.  My wife enjoyed her shrimp curry very much.  The draft beers we had were excellent.My biggest gripe is quite simply the prices.  16 dollars for Pad Thai or any other basic dish, and 20+ for anything with shrimp is premium for me if I am eating Thai.  I expect to be wowed by the food for those prices, and while it was good, I never approached "wow"-dom.  Frankly, it seems like the type of place where you pay for the trendy ambience, and to be surrounded by good looking people.  If that's your thing, this is a five star recommendation.  I honestly couldn't care less about those things so I'm not a big fan.
5	Very satisfying lunch.  The only problem is, sometimes the line gets pretty damn long and you have to wait a while to be seated, but they do the best to accomodate you.  Originally from Atlanta, where Asian foods, (and Thai) are readily available, I found this place to my preference when it came to Asian foods in Charlotte.  I almost always got the (sometimes extra spicy) spicy basil beef, and it was just the right amount of spicy that kind of burns your tongue a little but doesn't cause you to run in search of milk.  Not sure what the dinner menu is like, but I assume it's more expensive.  I wouldn't pay more than the lunch price for a meal here.
4	I came here on a Sunday so I didn't need a reservation. And I must say, this place is the bee's knees.Awesome aromas, lovely decor and atmosphere, and incredibly helpful waitstaff.Once I mentioned I was vegan, the chef pointed out what was readily vegan and what could be altered. Way more sauces have fish/oyster sauce in them than I had originally thought! Definitely check this place out. I look forward to the next time I come back. Green curry with tofu... mmmmmm.
4	Easy place to unwind and have some good Pad Thai. Decent wine list and its more fun in the bar booths.
3	As snazzy as the decor of this place is, modern chic with tasteful Thai decor, the food underwhelmed me. It was ok, but just ok. I couldn't help but feel that I was paying for the ambience and decor (quite upscale and attractive) rather than the food (not quite as upscale or impressive). I had the basil vodka martini, and found it to be overwhelmingly sweet, and lacking in any basil kick. For food we ordered pretty standard items - mixed veggies, green curry, pad see noodles with basil and spice, and the fish in special sauce. I will say the fish was cooked to perfection, but the tomato based sauce was overwhelming and sweet. The green curry was good, the noodles were not spectacular, I do wish they'd kicked up the flavor. Service was ok. Dessert options were not appealing to me. I don't really want to order cheesecake or blueberry pie at a Thai place. I want thai desserts. But that's just me.
3	2 words describe this restaurant: JUST OKAY! I have been eating thai food for the past 10 years at least. I love it so much that I have learned to make many of my favorite dishes. In my opinion, the food is is "just okay" and is overpriced. You can get better tasting (read: more authentic) thai food at several less expensive spots. $17.00 for Pad Thai and it was dry and bland.
4	I've come here several times with co-workers and for recruiting events and this place has never let me down.  Seems like even the pickiest of my coworkers love it here!  I have tried all of the curry dishes and each one has taken me to Thailand and back.
4	Only been here once for lunch but I can already tell I'll be back soon.  I'm not the only one that likes this place as I could tell as soon as I walked through the door.  Very crowded for lunch so me and a coworker decided to belly up to the bar for service.  I grabbed a water and the shrimp salad (it had a fancy name...but I forget).  The salad was a reasonable $7 and it was the perfect size to get me full but not stuffed which is something I like, especially for lunch.  The dish was very fresh and the flavors zesty.  Even though it was crowded we were still able to get in and out within a reasonable amount of time too.
3	It ain't no Thai restaurant that you'll find in Cali, but it's solid enough.  Only ordered carry-out and felt it the food could've been better.  I'm spoiled by west coast Thai cooking. Back to the grind - workin' on Sunday dmo out
5	LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE!!! Best Thai around Charlotte. Atmosphere is amazing, service is on que. The meals are big enough to split. Must try the coconut soup and fried bananas for dessert. I love all the entries on the menu!!! I probably go there at least once a week. I was a little p o'd when they got rid of my favorite glass wine "Leese Fitch", but I'll manage. You can make a reservation or just walk in. Very casual attire but it is always nice to get dressed up!!!
2	Basil is Thai food for people who don't like Thai food, and enjoy upscale decor, pedestrian beer and wine lists and TV's broadcasting sports. In other words, Basil is perfect for the "Uptown" Charlotte crowd it caters to. To be fair, I had a perfectly fine, fresh spring roll and yum neua (beef salad). The ingredients were fresh, the beef was nicely cooked to medium and the dressing was redolent with fish sauce and citrus. On a bed of iceberg lettuce - snooze.The only Thai beer on the menu is Singha. There are ridiculous specialty cocktails, and lots of members of the pad family on the menu: Thai, woon sen, etc. I gave Basil a try on a work trip, because my Charlotte colleagues had raved about it, but I was overall completely underwhelmed.
3	Basil has many elements that I enjoy in a good restaurant. Modern, sleek, contemporary, good service, good food and what else; it's Thai.  I appreciate the new age approach, the decor and the upscale bar.The food is pretty decent and as expected with it's locale, prices can be a bit steep. While Basil is a great addition to the uptown scene, ahem  I do have some constructive criticism to add. Lets talk prices. Lunch is an average of $11+. Now I don't mind paying that much for lunch, just please make it work my while. Portions aren't that large and worst of all, presentation and plating is laughable. How so you say? Well when you're served pad thai, pad see ew, or curry on a small appetizer plate, it kinda gives you a "wth" feeling. Is this my full entree? Are the small plates used to "suggest" you're getting large portions? Where's the garnish? No cause for concern for what it looks like? I'm a little perplexed. Presentation is definitely not a deal breaker, but come on Basil, can a feller get a little love? A big plate is aesthetically pleasing to the eye ya know.
4	Thai food is my jam yo, which is why I freaking love this place. I probably order from here about twice a week for dinner. Are actual Thai people cooking the food? I haven't a clue, but I WILL tell you that the dishes are as authentic as they're gonna be when you find yourself this far down the South. I would say their best dishes are the "curries" and the noodles. Go for the Chicken Masaman Curry. It will blow... your mind. It's got a savory and creamy coconut base that's incredibly addicting. I would lick the bowl clean if I wasn't surrounded by co-workers. My second favorite item is the Beef Pad See Ew.  Large portion of mouth-watering flat noodles with vegetables and stir-fried beef. My one qualm with this place is my experience with the specialty dishes. I tried the $22.95 Basil Duck and was not impressed in the slightest. Granted, they fry the shizzle out of the duck, so of course, one can't expect that robust of a flavor from the marinade, but I was looking for a wow factor, which somehow never came through. AND i lost 23 bucks :(Since you're probably gonna dish out some dough when you come here, I wouldn't spend time ordering any of the specialty dishes, and instead, take a couple of appetizers (spring rolls? lettuc wraps?) and one good entree. That's definitely going to fill you up and make you smell like Thailand for a couple of days. NOTE: After eating a full meal here, your productivity levels in the work place decrease exponentially, so eat with caution! Food Coma to ensue... zzzzzZzz4/5
5	First time ever going here... Had the basil rolls for an appetizers, probably the best I've ever had at a place like this. The thaitini was a lot better than I've had at other places as well, tasted more like they actually made the Thai tea and not like some sugary powder mix. Everyone's meals came out delicious and presented nicely. Huge serving!! So I feel it was well worth the money. We showed up very close to closing time by I didn't feel like they were trying to rush us out. Fast and friendly service, great atmosphere and delicious food. I will most certainly be going back here and recommend it to anyone who enjoys the heat of spices without the pain involved.
4	This restaurant has a great ambiance! It's clean, modern and inviting. You don't have to be a Thai food enthusiast to like the food here, there are items other than the traditional Thai food on the menu to choose from. As seen by the past reviews, i don't need to go into details on how great their food tastes. I do have to say not only does the food tastes awesome, the service is also outstanding. I made myself go outside of the comfort zone and dined here alone as I was traveling for work. The bartender constantly checked up on me to make sure I had all i needed; the manager also stopped by to see how things were. Some minor comments: the size of the dinner entree is a bit too large (maybe i just wasn't that hungry). It's not necessary a bad thing, but i just hate for food to go to waste when i'm not able to box it. Secondly, presentation of the plate is strange. A quarter of my pad-kee-maw plate was covered with shredded carrots. Also, this place is slightly on the expensive side.
5	This place always has great food and great service.  Last night I had the Basil chicken, Thai hot, which was very good.  I would eat here everyday if I could!
3	It was ...good (shrug) I had the basil shrimp. Shrimp was very under cooked. However the sauce on this dish is fabulous. I also ordered a pineapple mojito. That was not good.. weak and had no pineapple taste at all.
4	I would give the food 3 stars, I feel like I've had better Thai food. It was average for me. But the food portions were big and the atmosphere was nice. I think it is a great 'date night' spot. I went with my wife and I ordered an appetizer as my 'meal' and she got the Pad Thai and we shared both dishes and walked out full. Try the 'Stuffed Shrimp'
5	I simply cannot believe that I have lived in Charlotte for over two years and have never eaten at Basil. It was incredibly delicious. We had a reservation but they were packed so we gladly grabbed a drink at the bar. A cucumber mojito for me, please. Delicious. Great way to start the evening! When we finally were seated, the hostess found us a super comfy booth. My husband and I agreed that it was certainly worth the wait. Our waitress brought us another drink while we perused the menu. I always ask for suggestions from our server and I love when their ideas are exactly what I was thinking about ordering ... the spring rolls were excellent as was my husband's chicken massaman curry. The slightly-less-bright spot of the entire evening was my pad thai. It was totally fine - just not outstanding. I ate half of it and brought the rest home for lunch the next day. (The entree portions were incredibly large, by the way...) We cannot wait to go back and eat here. It seems like it would be a great spot to meet a friend for lunch or grab some drinks and apps for a girls night out. Great space, great food, nice people. Definitely check it out.
5	I actually ate here a couple of years ago with a colleage, was back in Charlotte and PLANNED PLANNED PLANNED to come back but, my plans were spoiled  :(The food and service were terrific the first time we ate here.  Basil came highly recommended by our hotel concierge and it was an excellent recommendation.  The food was fresh, very nicely prepared, and spiced well.I will be back in Charlotte in a couple of weeks - if my plans get spoiled then, SOMEONE is going to pay!!!
5	This is a favorite for lunch or dinner.  I've taken several team members here for team dinners, and the comments are always the same:  Excellent food, great service and great value.  I recommend the basil rolls for appetizer, and Basil Chicken for entree... But I've never had a bad dish, nor anyone in my groups.
5	I have had a big change of heart regarding this place (obvious if you saw my last review).  True it costs a little more than the other Thai places, but the flavor and quality make it worth it.  We gave the place another shot a couple months ago and have been back many times since.  I usually get the Pad See-Eu with beef.  It has just the right combination of sweet and salty with the perfect amount of egg.  The Masaman Curry that my wife gets is quite good as well, and it works well for those that don't like spicy food.  I have tried tofu in the noodle and curry dishes in place of meat and the result is just about as tasty.  The crispy duck in red curry is good too if you enjoy duck.  My friend ordered the three flavored fried fish and it was tasty and large.  It was a nice sized flounder...don't forget to flip it over and eat the other side!  We have enjoyed all of the appetizers and desserts as well so I can't recommend a specific, just try what looks good to you that day!
5	We went to Basil last Monday with my parents while they were visiting from Virginia.  We are Charleston, SC lovers (and frequent visitors) and are very much familiar with the Basil in downtown Charleston.  This location definitely did not disappoint. Our server was very knowledgeable of everything we were ordering (and didn't even correct our butchered pronunciation of some of the entrees) and sassy enough to keep things interesting.  The food was delish, a definitely "eat your feelings" kind of place.  The pad thai was incredible and jasmine rice perfect.  We glanced over the drink menu and I was amazed at the prices.  Top quality spirits with completely acceptable prices...cheapest in Charlotte? Nope. Ingredients in the drinks worth the money? Absolutely. We will definitely be back for happy hour and for the usual craving for Thai food.
5	Definitely one of the best Thai places I have eaten at to date. The Pad Thai was, by every definition, delicious! I recommend getting it hot (the perfect amount of spice--don't worry it isnt much still). The basil rolls were also a great way to kick off the meal. I wish I could take a bottle of the sauce that comes with it home!The style of the restaurant is also great. This isn't your classic asian-style restaurant. It has a nice modern/hip twist on it. I certainly recommend it to any and all that happen to find themselves in Charlotte.
4	Thai in Charlotte?  Why not?  In town for business and sat at the bar on a Monday night.  Elaine, the bartender, was extremely helpful with a ready glass of pinot grigio and great insight into the various duck preparations and levels of spiciness.  My starter was the green papaya salad with delicately steamed shrimp that left it extremely tender and flavorful.  On to the red curry duck preparation.  Order it served with the duck breast separate from the nicely spiced curry sauce and crisp fresh vegetables and pineapple, this keeps the light batter on the duck from getting soggy (Elaine's very sage advice when I ordered) as so often happens with deep-frying and curry sauces.
5	Best pad Thai I've ever had!!! Great service huge portions!!! Love the mango sticky rice and green papaya salad too! Wish the green papaya salad came in a entree size!
5	I love the food here. The pad thai is one of the best I have ever had,  I also had a fried fish here that was so tasty, and 2 types of curry (red and green) that were really good as well. The place is tastefully decorated with a zen-type feel to it. They also do take-out (which I have done on numerous occassions). The best thai restaurant I've been to in Charlotte.
5	There are 3 locations (Charlotte, Charleston and Mt. Pleasant SC).  My wife and I were in Charlotte for business, It's the best Thai I've had on the east coast.As other reviews have mentioned, The Pad Thai really is pretty awesome.The waiter told us that they have been so busy that they're expanding into the space next door.Skip the chain and franchise restaurants and visit Basil, you'll be glad you did.
5	I was waivering between 4 and 5 stars, but I decided to give it 5 stars given my last review.Full-on review later, but let it be said that dining in is supremely better than getting carry-out.  Got to get the Basil rolls when you come here because it's so good like Tiger Woods (circa 2004).dmo out
5	Great food! Wonderful service
5	Love is so special and rare, so when it hits, you know, you just know.Basil was recommended to me by a bartender at Tilt. He could not stop gushing about the amazing food, ambiance and service. I was expecting to not be able to get a table on a Friday night, but I figured I'd try. So around 7 I called Basil asking for a table for two... in 15 minutes. They happily told me to come on over.Basil is a pretty nice set-up. It has high-ceilings, modern decor and subtle hints of Thai culture. Located in the center of Charlotte, I was worried Basil would be a tourist trap, but walking in my concerns faded away. Thanks to Yelp tips, we ordered the Chicken Coconut Soup. Holy crap. I would fly down to North Carolina right now if I could to have it for dinner. That was some spectacular soup. And what an insanely big portion! We were boring and split a plate of pad thai, which was delicious, but not mind blowing like the soup. Not that pad thai could really ever be mind blowing.The later it got, the more 'date-night' the crowd became. But when we first got there it was more of a happy hour scene. I'm sure no matter what the occasion, a group would enjoy themselves here. The food is great, the drinks are yummy and the service is on point. It is a little pricey, but much less than they should be charging for such a wonderful dining experience. I will no doubt come here if I'm ever in Charlotte again, because obviously, I'm in love with Basil.
4	We arrived at Basil on Thursday a little before 8.  The place was absolutely packed, and we had to wait a while to get a table. When we were finally seated, it took a while before we were served.  We were quite hungry, so we started with the stuffed shrimp roll - yummy!  Since it was our first visit to Basi, we decided to stick with a standard - pad thai. Theirs was not the best I have ever eaten, but it was quite good.  A friend met up with us who is a regular there and he got the red curry - I tasted it and it was excellent!  Next time, I will definitely order that. We ordered mango sticky rice and coconut ice cream... that is a totally fabulous combination! Our server was not very attentive and he had almost a surly attitude, so I was underwhelmed in terms of the service... but the food was really good.
2	Went there with my wife this Saturday for a date night. We had a reservation and were seated a few minutes late, no big deal. Ordered the stuffed shrimp appetizer, Beef Salad, the Crispy Duck Red Curry (signature dish), and Pad Kee Mow.The food was above average, but I have definitely had better Thai food for about half the price. The "Crispy" Red Duck was not what I expected as the skin was rubbery and inedible, actual duck meat was pretty good though. The ambiance was definitely geared toward younger crowds and dates which was nice. Service was average, the waitress forgot our order of Pad Kee Mow so we had to order it midway through our duck curry. At the end of the meal, we asked to look at the dessert menu and she came back with the check instead. Not the greatest listener.......
4	For Thai, Basil is one of the best around.  The Pad Woon Sen is my absolute favorite with the wontons or egg rolls...and the sauces are the real deal.  The food is really good, but I think the lunch prices are a bit much so I don't get over there often.  They also make a pretty serious pineapple mojito and other great drinks making the bar area pretty popular
5	One of the best spots in Charlotte for consistently great food and service. Original is in historic Charleston, SC, when I found out they were expanding to Charlotte I could not be more excited. Basil Chicken, Pad Thai and Basil rolls a must try. Great wine selection and specialty drinks.  Looking forward to the lounge expansion and private dining room.
5	The food was great and the atmosphere/presentation was amazing as well.  The food has a unique urban touch but is still more or less traditional Thai.
3	Came here for lunch and wanted to try something new but I don't think I can stray from the pad thai. It's always reliable. I usually get this dish spicy but I think I should have gone wit the "Thai-spicy."Service was a little on the weak side, however. He seemed pretty new/nervous/slow/alloftheabove and took a while to run the check. Downgrading from 4 stars to 3. I'd come back for another visit, though.
3	The food was great.   It does not look like your typical Thai Restaurant but the food was delicious.  The one  thing I will suggest to the owner though, don't charge for Prik Nam Plah. That's like charging for tap water.  The waiter/bartender made my nam plah and when I ran out I asked for another and he said to me, "I would have to charge you again."  Huh?  I would rate this probably a 4 start if it weren't for that.  Thai restaurants do not charge for Prik Nam Plah.  That is a typical thing on the tables of Thai Restaurants.
4	Had the fried duck curry this time. It was super delicious, worth every penny. This dish can definitely be shared between 2 people.
4	Went to Basil a week ago with a group from work and came away impressed.  I have to let it be known that I am not a huge Thai food fan, partly due to biting into a chunk of galangal root floating in some soup years ago during my first Thai meal.  I thought it was a carrot, who knew it was in there for flavor only!?!?!That said, I've had hit and miss Thai experiences since then but when the hits, hit... I've been quite happy and love the flavors.  Basil was another on the list of hits and I would go back in a nano second.  I had the Beef Prik King which was uber-tender slices of beef, green beans and a just right heat level brown sauce.  I was tempted to tip up my plate and drink the sauce.  It was that good.  Others at the table had green and red curry dishes, Pad Thai and a ginger chicken and all were pleased with their meals.Service was on point though a little on the flat side personality wise and we were in and out quickly.
4	Went to Basil to check it out with a good friend and it was good.  This was probably the best Pad Thai that I have had.  The level of spice was pretty good ... although I should have gone with "Thai-spicy" but definitely a great meal.  The service was pretty good and the food came out pretty quickly ... always a good thing.  I will definitely be going back.
4	Overall this was an excellent Thai restaurant -- it had very good food as well as a chill ambiance. I sat at the bar and had a beer, the Egg Rolls, and Pad Thai (medium spice). To start -- if you are from the state of Michigan, or just love Bells Oberon, they had it on tap which was quite the pleasant surprise! They don't put an orange slice in your Oberon in Charlotte though so make sure to ask for one if you'd like.The Egg Rolls were light, crisp, and nice. Served with a sweet and sour sauce they were about as good as this generic appetizer comes. The Pad Thai was also very good. They serve it in no spice, medium spice, and Thai Spicy. I got medium spice and it was more than enough for me. They did not try to reinvent the wheel with their Pad Thai but it was simple and very tasty. Overall this was a very solid Thai restaurant. The classic dishes I ordered were good, and the Coconut Chicken (had by the guy next to me at the bar) smelled amazing as well. In my opinion trying Basil Thai is a no brainer.
3	A friend recently recommended Basil for lunch and I gladly obliged. I enjoy sampling Thai food from various restaurants, and try to go to a few whenever I travel. On the positive side, Basil is a first class establishment. Decent menu selections, very nice decor and layout, and an option to eat outside when the weather permits. The location for downtown Charlotte is nearly ideal off Tryon Street adjacent to a church. The first thing I noticed on the menu is that the soups (with one exception being Tom Kha Gai) are not available in a "cup" size, which is ideal during the lunch hour. I do not understand why, but if you order soup, you are getting the "bowl" size and that will cost you about $9.00. I am not kidding. Thai soups are some of the best, and to make this an "all in or nothing" option is not a good business strategy especially for lunch. Most of the menu items are priced very high for lunch. $10 to $12 was the average entree price which appears to be borderline excessive. More on that later. The quality of the food is very good to excellent. I ordered beef and cashews with white rice five stars hot. The beef was served in a brown sauce & vegetables with a large bowl of rice on the side. The beef was very tender and you could easily cut it with the side of a fork. The jasmine rice was perfectly cooked and more than enough to round out my entree. In fact, I only used about half of the bowl. This was my second visit to a Thai restaurant in Charlotte, and I am close to deciding that the locals of Charlotte do not typically enjoy traditional Thai-level spices. I realize that it is a matter of personal choice, but patrons deserve the option just the same. My five star hot entree would be closer to 1.5 to 2-stars back home. Thai-level spiciness is an acquired taste, but when you become accustomed to it, you are somehow locked into it....Ok, that is not particularly well stated, but trust me, the hotter the spices, the more the flavors will emerge. For those initiated with spicy Cajun entrees in South Louisiana, you will understand this (poor) general description more easily.Back to the pricing. My entree was easily a "dinner" size portion from my South Florida Thai haunts. So, I am going to temper my statement about the pricing to note that the quantity of food makes it a better value than I initially indicated. However, I do miss the daily house soup and spring rolls that diners typically receive in most other Thai restaurants for lunch. I also miss the $7.95 lunch cost too.By the way, our service was excellent. The waitress took our order quickly and checked back to make sure that everything was fine. She was also very knowledgeable of the menu, and offered some suggestions about other entrees that I will note for a future visit. She clearly was well trained, smiled often, and thanked us for our business. Those are traits in which you cannot teach.In summary, I enjoyed Basil and would recommend it. It is not one of those shopping center atmosphere hole-in-the-wall places, but rather a nice downtown location. The restaurant offers a full bar, and I am sure that sometime after 5:00 PM I will stop back and supplement my review with an evening evaluation. Until then...Cheers !
4	Stopped here on a recent trip to NC for a wedding.  I really enjoyed my dinner, which was a noodle dish that included veggies, pineapple, and tofu.  The interior was spacious and attractive.  The server was attentive and the ambiance calm, which is just what we were seeking after a weekend of celebrating.
5	Service is great, atmosphere is great,  and food is great! Not a place to go if you are on a budget though.We ordered an order of egg rolls(3) and fried wontons(8) as appetizer.For dinner I had Pad Thai. An order of Pad See -Eu was split between 3 kids. My kids loved it and the portions are large!Then for dessert we tried their Red Velvet Cake which is rich and yummy.
4	Great food. Great service. A little to fancy for me.
5	Great food and great service.  You should try it.
5	Awesome. Have Been going there once a week for sure for couple of years
3	Much to my dismay, I am updating my previous review simply because of service issues we experienced on more than one occaision.  We are Uptown residents and have received impeccable service from the finest of restaurants to the most low-key dive bars.  Thanksfully in Uptown Charlotte, good service is a standard.  Which made one visit to Basil particularly surprising.  We went on a Saturday night after previously making reservations.  From the start it was obvious our server was much more concerned about the large party seated next to use rather than our table of two.  Whlie understandable, the service declined as the night went on.  He forgot drinks, put in an appetizer so late it actually came out after the food arrived, and made our presence in his section seem like a major inconvenience to him.  On this occaision we asked for our check (it arrived 20 minutes later), tipped the 15%, and left.  For future diners, this particular server was an older gentleman with a pony tail, avoid at all costs (especially if his section is "busy'). Our next visit was again on a Saturday with a few friends of ours visiting from South Charlotte.  They had never tried Thai food and we knew Basil was the perfect place to get them started.  Bad decision on our part, we neglected to make a reservation on a Saturday night.  However, a wait was not a big deal to us because of the fabulous drink menu.  Our plan was to arrive, put on our name on the list, and the move to the bar for basil rolls and martinis. Clearly, this was not the case.  Upon arriving the hostess was very short with us, informing the wait was 1 hour and 45 minutes.  She made no effort to seat us at the bar or offer any accomdations while we waited.  To move us along even more quickly, she spoke to the people behind me once she was "finished" speaking with us...while I was still standing there.We left and decided on Roosters, which was delicious with impeccable service as usual.  We still love Basil, but will be ordering takeout from now on.
5	Great place great food
4	I love Basil. I think it has the best taste of thai food in this town. Yes its always crowded and pretty much overpriced but if you are in need of a good pad thai this is the place! besides is awesomely located :) Not recommended for a big group since this restaurant is not very big and it also has a complimentary valet after 6pm
4	I don't work in uptown, but when I'm up there I make every effort to dine at Basil. The Basil dish is the best in town.  The panang curry could be improved by thickening it up and making it richer. The atmosphere here is always popping. Highly recommend for date nights.
5	I have gone to Basil 4 times now. Twice for lunch with business friends, and twice on dates. All four times have been fantastic. For one of the lunches we had a group of 8, which included  2 kids under 10. Everyone, including the kids enjoyed their time there, the food, and the very nice waiter. As far as the dates I've gone on to here have gone it's been great. They have very nice tables set up just for two people to sit at and see each other, hold hands across the table, trade dishes, etc. At diner time it's the perfect atmosphere for couples to go to.
5	I went with a group of 8 to Basil a few Saturdays ago and had an amazing time! It was my first trip to Basil, and I had no clue the culinary wonderment that awaited me. Let me start out by saying, I felt a bit under-dressed & will snaz it up next time. I quickly downed a glass of savignon blanc and a few shots of sake so I felt more comfortable in my jean jacket, target dress & boots. Once the edge of feeling under-dressed was taken off, I had a fantabulous time. We ordered the spring rolls as appetizers, my fiance ordered the Pad Thai and I ordered some sort of tilapia (I think it was tilapia) dish that was a treat for the tastebuds. I'm not sure what the rest of the party ordered, but everyone left with a clean plate and smiles on their faces... so I'm assuming they weren't disappointed. I really enjoyed the ambiance of the place & felt like a complete baller because Angie Harmon and her husband, Jason Sehorn (I think that's how it's spelled) were sitting in a booth across from us!!! It's not every day that you see famous peeps in Charlotte, so that was quite a treat!Will I be back to Basil? Yes, soon & very soon, next time I'm hoping to see Oprah.
4	Food. Had the cashew nut chicken and egg rolls. Very good. Great flavor and a wonderful sauce. Service. Good. We walked in on a Saturday night around 9 pm and were seated almost right away but at a "kitchen table" which turned out to be a bar-like area directly looking at the kitchen and food prep Not my first choice. Price. Reasonable. Prices for what we got seemed just fine. I'd go back when I'm in Charlotte again.
4	Great food. Although, what they deem spicy doesn't really mean spicy. Which was great for me because I can't really stand spicy foods. Service was good, never had to ask for a water refill. Which is my biggest pet peeve at restaurants. Decor was nice. Rightly priced for the quality, but it's not an inexpensive place.
5	On our way home from the Great Wolf Lodge I used my trusty YELP! app on my phone and found this gem in downtown Charlotte, NC. it was PACKED for lunch! Great hip, trendy vibe most of the patrons were in suits.My husband & I were accompanied my our 8 year old son & his friend. They shared chicken fried rice add broccoli $10.95, one of the best we've had, one order was plenty for them to share. We started with the Basil Rolls $5.95, small portion but fresh & flavorful served with a Thai chili dipping sauce, I missed the typical peanut sauce but it was still yummy. Our well educated server suggested the fried won tons $5.95, the kids fought over them. Stuffed with chicken, shrimp and cream cheese and served with a sweet and sour sauce.My husband ordered his usually, Masaman Chicken $10.95, he thought was it very good. I trusted my fellow YELP!ers and went with the chef's signature dish, Crispy Red Curry Duck $22.95 and worth every penny! It was crispy duck without being fatty or greasy. It had heat without slapping me and the flavor was unique and satiating. The veggies were the perfect accompaniment. For dessert my son picked their last piece of tuxedo cake and his friend ordered the coconut ice cream. Both were delicious and we fought over the last bite. The prices were high but fair. I dream of an excuse to go back...
4	This is upscale Thai food, so it is a bit pricey. $16 for pad Thai. However, it was totally worth the quality, portion size, and great service. The basil spring rolls were a great start too.
4	Yummy! I had the basil rolls and cashew chicken (medium) and both were very delicious. The vegetables were very fresh and the sauce was very tasty, but not heavy, I left feeling full, but not too full. The service was also fantastic and attentive. I moved a block away and will definitely be back soon! I would have given it 5 stars, but didn't think the menu was as extensive as I would have liked.
5	Basil is definitely the "GO-TO" place for Thai cusine in Charlotte. Visit after visit and it never lets you down!
5	Excellent food, service , wins election and atmosphere! A must experience restaurant
1	This place is listed on http://www.queencityvegan.com/restaurants/ because we are vegan, obviously. I personally can't have gluten. We chose this place hoping to have some good luck and have a nice dinner as well as good service. When we walked in the host sat us, it took 15 minutes for our server, which looked like the only server to come over to help us and take our order. Meanwhile we were given water by the host. Because I have to have GF foods I asked what was GF on the menu. I was told that there was a special menu that was "hidden" it took 15 minutes to receive it. Meanwhile we asked for hot tea, that came out before the menu but it was 10 minutes, he said that it was "special tea" that's why it took so long. Now we decided it was okay to order, when I began to ask questions about the menu I was given a lot of negative attitude he was more concerned about the table behind him. My parter ordered spring rolls and I ordered a coconut soup, the spring rolls came out fine, although my soup came out in a metal bowl with a flame in the middle I asked to not have it in the bowl with the flame the person that brought it out tried to put the candle out on the table by putting a plate over it. This made the flame 10 times higher than it was before when he lifted up the plate almost burning me. I just had them take it back. Needless to say, awful food, awful service. We will not be going back, avoid this place!
5	Red curry duck is awesome.  Coconut soup also great.  Best Thai food.
4	The food is delicious.  Service... eh.  My parents had made a reservation for us (on a Wednesday night) and we were sat at a high-top bar table?  The dining area was wide open, so my mom wasn't exactly ecstatic about it. The staff can be a bit rude (stuck up).  At our table we had basil rolls, fried wontons, red curry duck, basil chicken, volcano shrimp and the Pad Thai.  The Pad Thai was by far my favorite, we will come back simply for that dish.  We also had a pear martini which was delicious and unique.  Overall our dinner was great, but the "experience" not so much.
3	I had lunch at Basil this afternoon. (3/8/13) I thought that the decor was nice.It was very full of people. I sat at the bar and sampled the Basil rolls, chicken tom kha and chicken Masaman curry. The bartender was rather quiet. I guess she was hoping that I'd order more than ginger ale. The food was good but it really wasn't anything special. The portion sizes were good although the containers were deceptively small they were actually quite deep and held a good amount of food. THe highlight of the meal was when the bartender forgot what I was drinking & startted pouring water into my glass! lol
4	We arrived for a 12:00 reservation for 6 and the place was packed. We were seated immediately, however, waited a long time for water and our waiter to come to the table. All six guests enjoyed something different and we all loved the dishes. Overall the food was great, fun atmosphere, but the service was a little slow and we unfortunately had a very unsocial/uncaring waiter.  Loved the food so I will be back.
4	We decided to go on a Saturday night while walking in Uptown. With the amount of people sitting outside, I assumed it would be a wait, but we decided to try it anyway. There would have been a one and a half hour wait for two of us, but the hostess told us that we could try the "lounge" area. The lounge is a room full of couches with coffee tables and is a great choice. We sat immediately. For as small as it is, I was surprised how long it took a server to get to us for drink orders, but it wasn't a terribly long time. We ordered and people watched the sidewalk outside. I'm pretty sure the server forgot our drinks because they showed up after our meal. The food was good. Mine could have been spicier, but I can't blame them for that. I also found it odd that the rice for the meal came out 10 or so minutes before the rest of the meal, so it could get good and cold before everything else showed up. I felt the price was slightly high for what I got. After we were done, both the servers we had seen that night had disappeared. We sat waiting for a box and check for about 20 minutes before someone showed up. Overall: Food = good, not great (for the price), service = ok, not good.
2	I've had take out from Basil several times and the food is amazing. We decided to dine in a couple of weeks ago and it was not a great experience. The food was still good but they sat us in their newly expanded section and the atmosphere was awful. It would be great for a large private party, but there were only 4 of us. We were the only table over there for about 30 min. The music was too low and sounded too much like a spa or something. The server was not much better. I think she had tables on the other side (the good side apparently) and she wasn't around very much. The food came out and only 2 of the 4 of us had silverware. So we waited and waited. Finally we just took it off of another table. We felt like we were just a distraction to her. Drinks never got refilled, never checked to see how the food was and just had a bad attitude in general. I would give 0 stars for service, 0 for atmosphere and 5 for the excellent food.
3	If you want trendy atmosphere and good food and are willing to pay the extra and dress up a little for it, this is a great place. I had the green curry "Thai hot", meaning the heat level was maximum, and my wife had pad thai. The pad thai was delicious, the best i have had outside of Thailand. The green curry was just so-so - maybe i killed it by ordering it too hot - it turned out red color instead of green, and the flavors became obscured by the heat. We also shared a bowl of Tom Yum soup which was good - a little too sweet, but otherwise had a lot of good flavors in it, the simple sugar in it almost killed it though. I doubt we will be back soon.
3	This is an upscale Asian restaurant, with a very nice ambiance. I suppose you can come here and hang out with a group of friend after work if you are nearby. It also has a well stocked bar, which is nice if you want to come here to have drinks and sample appetizers. I got the chicken pad thai, it was nice, one of the cheapest items on the menu. The dish arrived fairly quickly after I ordered. I did not want to spend a lot seeing that it's just noodle. I have tried a lot of Thai place and this is definitely NOT one of the more authentic ones. I think this place is trying to cater more to an upscale feel than trying to make their food a super star. I paid about $13 for Pad thai. I think at else where, I could have gotten an appetizer and a spring roll and salad on the side for that pice. I think there are more notable restaurants around the area, and this one is not exactly a place for foodie.
3	Service is slow, and the salad I ordered was a little smaller than expected. Either way, the food was okay and staff were friendly
5	The bartender is phenomenal. Vast selection of drink. Love the atmosphere.
4	I love Thai food!  I think I could eat Panang Curry every other day if  I could........I went here on a Friday night on a dinner date.  We did have a reservation and were seated in a huge, comfy booth.I tried a few cocktails off of the menu, all delicious!  My friend downed a couple Manhattans with no complaints.My Panang Curry was great.  Not a huge portion, but tasty.  My date got Black Bean Sauce and also enjoyed it.  Not crazy uptown trendy, but pricey enough to be a once in a while place.  If you like Thai, go for it!
5	I seriously love this place. Every business trip to Charlotte will now include a visit to Basil for lunch or dinner. They don't skimp on the spicyness and know what spice means. I've been to so many Thai restaurants who indicate their food is spicy but really does not deliver. I want spice to the point where my nose sweats and my eyes water.  I have not been disappointed with anything that I've eaten here. Two thumbs up in my book.Go early because this place gets packed really quickly.
3	The place looks fancy but the food, even though good, is not super original. It is tasty but the quality of the chicken for example is not that great.
4	I live in Charleston, SC and I've eaten at both Basil restaurants there.  I love the Pad Thai, and the Curry Shrimp.
5	Ok one word YUMI haven't had Thai in a year or so I was excited when a friend invited me here for lunch.  I arrived about 11:40 on a week day thinking I was going to miss the crowd but the place was quickly filling up and by 12  there was a line out the door.  Fresh Basil Rolls for life please , they were so yummy sucks that you only get two but it's a nice appetizer to share. I tried the Pad See- Eu with shrimp . They give a decent amount of shrimp large helping of noodles but I felt like the broccoli portion could have been a bit better. This was a quick lunch so I wasn't in there for very long but over all a pretty nice Thai place. It just sucks that its uptown an the parking is the worst but I will definitely be back for dinner !
5	Basil was my first experience in Thai food. Let me tell you - it set the bar as high as possible. This place has AMAZING food and the decor/atmosphere/staff are great. If you visit Charlotte or live here and haven't yet - go ASAP.Personally I sometimes just order 2 appetizers for myself as a meal. If I'm feeling really hungry I grab a plate of Pad Thai. Also this a great place to grab a quick drink to start off the night on 5th street.
1	Pathetic.  Service was terribly slow on Saturday night.  They ran out of brown rice;  soup and appetizer were served cold.  Will not recommend this restaurant if you're hungry but don't want to wait..
5	I eat at a lot of Thai places and Basil just set the bar quite a bit higher.  The first time I went I had the Red Curry Crispy Duck...Wow, it was amazing.  On the second trip I had pad Thai, a favorite of mine and this one did not disappoint me.  The fresh basil spring rolls are also very good.  Pricier than most Thai places but to me, it's worth it.
5	I have only been at lunchtime but I have been to Basil dozens of dozens of times. The basil rolls are amazing and I get them nearly every time I go. The Pad Kee Mow, Pad Thai and the Pad Woon See are my go to's if I want noodles. They will spice up any dish at your request so I always ask them to spice the noodles up and it is delish. But my favorite dish is the Pad Prik. The red curry sauce here is phenomenal and should not be missed out on if you enjoy curry. Hands down, my favorite Thai food in Charlotte.
4	As I previous said, I love the food & will be back. Well, I was lucky to dine again last night with the QC Dinner Group. We had reservations at 7:00 and were seated at a great location, with a great server. We were brought water and asked drinks initially. We began with appetizers, which I tried the Shrimp Puffs, and all I will say is LOVE! They were cooked to perfection. Others enjoyed the basil rolls & soup, which they all seemed to enjoy. As for the entrees, we ordered a variety of items, and as w/ the appetizers, everyone seemed to enjoy! I had the Pad Thai which I loved & was able to enjoy the left-overs tonight, because I forgot to add the portions are large.Overall a great evening with new friends and a great meal, and I will be back!
5	Great
4	I am an avid Thai food junky and I have tried just about every place in Charlotte - yes this is the highest price, but it also is the best.  Pad Thai, Crispy Duck, and Green Curry (aka the Thai trifecta) are all excellent.  Downsides - paid parking (I mean really?!?) and service can be spotty (waitress told me, "I don't really like Thai food").  Overall, if you want the best Thai in Charlotte - go here.
5	Absolutely love it here. Amazing Thai food. Ambience is great. Service is impeccable. I've been here multiple times and have never been less than thrilled. Portions are large too.
5	YUM. Def a spot in Downtown Charlotte to eat your feelings at, after a long day at work.- Beef Pad See Yu
3	The wait staff was great, the food only mediocre. We had the basil rolls and wantons to start (both delicious) and the pad thai, basil curry and massaman for mains. The food was fine, but I've had *much* better at nearly every hole-in-the-wall Thai place I've visited in any city---and for half the price. (Most of Basil Thai's entrees cost $16.)
5	I come here at night all the time with my coworkers and it is the best Thai food place in the charlotte area.  It is even in my top 3 Thai food places and there are some good places in NYC area where I am from.  Some must tries are: pad see ew: you can choose your protein including Tofu if vegetarian.pad moon sen:  I love the different flavors and colors of all the topping/veggies.  red curry:  if your into coconut based curry this is a decent choice and u can have a choice of brown or white rice (extra charge for brown rice).  I will be back here a ton and will try new things!  Enjoy!
4	Best Thai food in Charlotte, no contest.IMO it's hard to find good ethnic food in Charlotte, this being the ONLY exception.
4	This is the best Thai spot in Charlotte. It has a trendy atmosphere and excellent food. I love the red curry chicken and the pad Thai!! This place is worth a try.
2	I really wanted to like this place. We're from California and have so many great Thai restaurants so I was looking for a new favorite. Unfortunately it is NOT Basil. I was expecting way better food based on the reviews. The food is OK, I would have given it 3 stars if it was priced around $7-9 for an entree but it's double that.  So I continue looking for the Thai spot that leaves us full, smiling and looking forward to going back. I think I'll try some more of the less trendy Thai spots in hopes of better food.  P.S. Note to the hostess: You should try "Hello, welcome to Basil, party of 4?" instead of staring blankly. Sheesh, clueless and rude.
1	Great food. Lousy service
2	Mediocre experience. Staff was friendly, drinks were good. Food was bland. I was super disappointed that a dish titled "vegetable delight" that was described as being made with a soy-based sauce couldn't be made without fish sauce. Note to chef: something containing fish sauce is not considered vegetarian & should not be presented as such. None of the noodle dishes could be made without fish sauce either. Very disappointing. I won't come back.
4	The Thai food is Americanized and doesn't taste authentic, but that doesn't mean it's bad! I was very pleased with the excellent service and atmosphere.  They use a good combination of ingredients in their dishes.
4	My colleague and I were in town for a conference and came here since it was right around the corner from our hotel. We both ordered the Green Curry. It was really delicious! I typically order my curry hotter than how it normally comes, but the waiter scared me into thinking I'd burn my mouth off by going hotter. In the end, I was actually quite pleased with the spiciness of the curry. My mouth is salivating just thinking about the curry...it was really good! Good service, good food, and good prices. I couldn't ask for more.
4	Awesome Thai food! I got the red curry shrimp off of the dedicated gluten-free menu. It was amazing. I'm not normally a fan of curry, but the waiter recommended it so highly that I had to try it. It had the perfect amount of heat and curry flavor. The shrimp was plentiful and decent sized. I was with a chatty group of people, but as soon as the food arrived, it went quiet. That's usually a good sign.
4	MMMMMMM the duck! i have not tried anything else, every time i order duck because it just melts on your tongue. The atmosphere is also great. Prices dont bite.
5	Legit Pad Thai. Asked for some spice and they nailed it. As good as I have had anywhere on the West Coast.
4	First time dining here.  The fresh basil roll delish.  the Pad Thai also wonderful and finally the grand finale Crispy Duck in red curry the best I ever had.  It had just the perfect amount  of spice the boneless duck was fantastic.  Service was great, very attentive. My favorite place for Thai now.
4	Came here and tried their Tom Aban Talay Soup, Pad Thai, and Som Tum (green Papaya Salad). The food is about a 3.5 stars but giving it 4 stars because of the service. The mixed seafood soup was probably the best dish. It had tons of strong flavors and a good amount of spice. The shrimp they used were of decent size and was not overcooked. I do think they give too many button mushrooms and they should supplement it with some other ingredients. I think using more scallions would have helped as well.The pad thai was quite expensive in my opinion and as usual, the chicken was dry. Interestingly to note is that they also included shrimp which was flayed and as a result, became overcooked. Presentation was good and they did give you enough bean sprouts but the flavoring of the noodles was underwhelming. They really need to not hold back on the seasoning/sauce for this dish.The green papaya salad was alright. Had a play on sweet and sour, mainly sour from the vinegar but there was little to no flavoring of the papaya itself. There is also shrimp halves in this dish but not seasoned at all. I think if they seasoned the shrimp separately, it could have balanced and elevated the dish.The waiter was really friendly and paid attention to our needs. Water level never went below half and always kept coming back to see how we were doing.  I like the decor and service of this place. In terms of food, it's just good and lots of room for improvement. I'll have to try another thai place in Charlotte to compare but for now, this isn't a bad place to go to.
4	I love Thai food, and I thought this place was pretty good. I was a little skeptical at first (as usual) because nobody working here is Thai. Okay maybe 1 person in the kitchen, but I doubt it. I went with a Singa and the red curry with duck chef's special. The thing is $25, but it is massive and delicious. The environment here is really really nice, and dark. I definitely felt like a baller, and the staff here was very professional. No 5 stars because I've had better Thai food for a lot cheaper, but I would go back here if it was convenient. Glad I went to check it out. Really nice inside.
5	Awesome! Down from Boston and the hotel recommended Basil. Great beer (Natty Greenes Southern Ale. Had the Basil roll for an appetizer along with the Pad Thai. Great visit to Charlotte !
4	The pad thai here is perfection. The wait staff were friendly and the atmosphere is nice. I'm normally not a desert person, but I caved and got the fried green tea ice cream with no regrets. The food is well worth the price!
3	We were in the mood for Thai food, so this definitely hit the spot.  We tried to walk in and had to wait a bit for a table, but we were able to sit right way at the bar. Two of us had the chicken pad thai with shrimp, which was a nice size portion, very tasty. Someone had the volcano shrimp, which looked delicious and had a nice kick of spice but not overpowering.
5	This is one of my favorite Thai spots in Charlotte and it's a great pick if you're uptown and want something a little different.  It has a very cool, urban atmosphere when you walk in and it's right on the corner so it gets lots of good light.  The dining room is not huge but I've never had to wait very long, if at all. There is also an outdoor dining area as well.  The food is fresh and they do a good job of customizing the dishes to fit your taste.  It is a little more pricey than some of the other Thai places but a lot of that is due to the location.  I am a big fan of the coconut chicken soup and the shrimp hot and sour.  For main courses, I like the red curry chicken with bamboo shoots, basil, and peppers.  The desserts are awesome and unique.  If you go here, either bring a hella appetite or be prepared to pack up your leftovers to go.Free valet parking is an added bonus, just pull up to the curb and let them take it away!
4	I live uptown and I constantly forget about Basil. But, after last night's dinner, I will never forget Basil again!!I love the basil rolls (especially the sauce that comes with it). My favorite is the Pad Thai, but I tried the Pad Woon Sen and loved it! I liked all the vegetables and spice! I ordered it with medium spice and then added more spice myself. It was perfect!I also tried a bite of the red curry and it was so yummy! I will probably order that next time I go.They have a great wine selection as well. Ambiance is great. It was 6:30 on Sunday after a Panthers home game, so it wasn't very busy or loud.
5	Delicious food and a great atmosphere. I've never been disappointed in this restaurant, have been going for years and will continue to go. Vegetarians/Vegans/People with allergies- you will not be disappointed, all dishes are customizable!
4	My opinion of this place has changed drastically since my first experience when I had take-out.Came here with a colleage for a Friday lunch to catch up on life.  They were pretty packed in here, but we were seated pretty quickly - they set up and beat their own expectation of 15 minutes.  I ordered the Noodle Salad lunch special because I was ambivalent.  That is to say, the dishes all looked pretty good, but didn't know what I was really in the mood for.  The lunch special was pretty good.  For those curious about it, it's like an udon noodle soup, with a little less broth and some lettuce, some vegetables, and shrimp and beef.  At the end of our meal (colleague ordered same thing), you could tell we were pretty happy people - both are bowls were empty! Basil, you continue to impress me. dmo out.
3	After craving Pad Thai all day, I found this location on Urbanspoon. I ordered takeout while searching for the location (it's hard to see from the street). When I got in the restaurant and viewed my order, I saw the portion size was small. The hostess stated they are usually bigger but couldn't inquire about adding more to my order. The food was pretty good but definitely not worth the higher price. The fried wontons were bite sized, though good. My mouth watered for the Pad Thai, but after opening the lid, I was disappointed with the lack of sauce. All the Pad Thai I've eaten always has a delicious sauce with it. This however was plain with very little juice. I can say after spending my $24 for those two items and not getting much food, my visits here will be few and far in between.
4	My team who is disbursed across the U.S. was headed to Charlotte for an "All Hands (on Deck)" off site meeting. This was the first time we were all going to be in the same place at the same time. And the first time many of us were going to be meeting. Manager put together a dinner at Basil Thai and I was skeptical. Don't get me wrong - I LOVE Thai food, but when you have so many different people coming from different walks of life, were they all going to find something they liked? We shall see. I was there a little early and ran into the only colleague that lives near me (in St. Augustine) and we got a drink in the bar while we waiting for everyone else. I was happy to see a local brew on tap & went for that. As the rest of the party arrived we all said our hellos and were eventually led to our table. Instead of having us order multiples of a bunch of different appetizers, our waitress was kind (and genius) enough to let us know they could put together a sampler platter with four different things to try. Our platters consisted of the Fresh Basil rolls, the Egg Rolls, the Fried Wontons and the Stuffed Shrimp. While I would have personally gone for the Nam Sod, this gave us a nice array of snacks while we got to know each other. For my entree, I went with the Pad Kee Mow. I asked for spicy, but I should have paid attention when she happened to mention their spice levels were Americanized. Because this was not the medium I was expecting, it was more along the mild spice level. Oh well. The dish overall was good: the noodles were cooked well, the tofu was done in small enough chunks as to not overwhelm and the vegetables were plenty.Overall a nice restaurant in the heart of downtown and walkable from where I was staying. Can't go wrong with that.
5	I work uptown and go here often for lunch with coworkers. We always enjoy our meals and the atmosphere is great. I always get the pad thai with medium spice and it is always really good!
5	large portions and great flavor
4	I really had a great experience at Basil Thai.  I found the atmosphere to be sophisticated, with a very cool "uptown" vibe.  It is dimly lit and rather small so there is limited seating.  Some of the tables seemed to be on top of one another but it still "worked."The service was solid, friendly and consistent throughout our evening.  We had a party of 6 chatty, giggly women and our server handled us all quite well.  He was on top of his game and new the menu well.  His upselling was very subtle so it didn't bother me at all.I went with a pretty basic meal...pad thai but it was very good!  The only thing I would say is that I wish it was a little spicier.  The waiter informed us that it does not come with spice but you can add mild, medium or hot spices to the dish.  I went with medium and it still didn't give it much pizazz!  I also didn't taste the "peanut" sauce at all.  The dish was good but I would have enjoyed a few more pieces of shrimp and a little more flavor/spice.  I will definitely come back.  I would love to try their curry dishes.One other thing that keeps this from being 5 stars is the fact that they pour a very small glass of wine.  We estimated that it must be around 4oz but yet you pay full price (8-12 dollars).The location is key and if you go there for dinner you are surrounded by other "fun" spots if you choose to continue your evening in the uptown area.  You are right there across from 5 Church, next to Dandelion Market, near Cowbell, Roxbury and a few other places.  I'll be back!
4	Excellent restaraunt. Great food and service. Pad Thai was really good and so was the service. Valet on Church street side makes it an even better option. Highly recommend this place. It was spicy enough for me, but if you like your food crazy  hot, definitely tell the server to kick it up a notch.
5	In my quest to plan a very nice evening out as an early Christmas, I finally settled on Basil Thai for dinner reservations after great Yelp reviews, and the delectable menu on their website.We walked in and I instantly felt like the right choice was made.  The decor, the lighting, and the ambiance of the place were all perfect for what we like.  We also loved the lower seating areas partnered with the large windows allowing us to look at the hustle and bustle of the Saturday night passersby.We were seated easily and immediately after our drink order was being taken.  The waiter was able to recommend a couple of the local drafts that were available which is always a selling point for me.  The menu was broad and offered a lot.  However, I already had my mind set on the red curry duck going in.We placed our order (red curry duck and pad thai with shrimp and tofu) and before we were really even able to get into a good conversation, the food was served.  Seriously, the food was served incredibly fast.  I would imagine this is not the standard time it takes but this service was incredibly fast.The food, in short, was unreal!  The duck was cooked perfectly and it was a very good portion as well.  The curry tasted very nice as a great balance between the sweetness and heat of the spice was struck.  I sampled some of the pad thai as well and the noodles were the best I have had.  I haven't had a ton of noodles as I typically order curries but this plate of pad thai was fantastic.  The food was perfect.The dinner overall was a complete success.  The drinks were steady, the food was delicious, the service was extraordinary, and the restaurant itself was perfect for the evening.  The fast service allowed us a good amount of time after eating before needing to leave for our next stop which allowed us to have some great dinner conversation which just adds to the already great time at dinner.I would absolutely come back to Basil Thai again.
3	It was a nice meal and well presented but nothing special when it came to taste. The Tom Yum was realllly sweet, lots of coconut milk. I dumped a pile of spice in it.  The pad Thai was OK.
4	I've had several really consistent experiences at this Charleston-transplanted Thai house.  I dig the modern and minimal interior, with its very appropriate "uptown" feel, accentuated by the dim lighting and servers dressed in all black.I have found the waitstaff to be solid, friendly and consistent throughout our visits, with good knowledge of the menu and recommendations where needed. Those with prior Thai experience will see most of the standards on the menu here: plenty of noodle and rice dishes, served with your choice of protein, or curried dishes to pack in a bit of spice.  House specialities are familiar, but well-executed (particularly the whole fish and duck).  Largely Americanized, the dishes can be made spicier upon request.  Saying nothing usually results in a rather mild dish.  Also, as everyone tends to do their "standards" just a bit differently, your experience with your "go-to" favorites will vary here.  I, for example, do not care for their take on Pad Thai: lacking in peanut flavor and a bit too "sweet" for what I have come to like in that dish.  Your mileage will vary, so just keep that in mind.Drinks are a bit on the pricy side here, and I bemoan the loss of half price wine night on Sundays (it's now 1/3 off), but this is uptown and the price point is on-par with the higher-end neighbors.  A couple of interesting cocktails on the menu will get things started for those just looking to bar-hop.Do use the "free" valet parking here, as otherwise you're pressing your luck for a space on the street or paying a hefty fee to use one of the not-so-close decks.  Given then steep hill the front door is on, it's better to let the pros do it, IMHO.  But, once you're done you are in the middle of the "uptown" action: very easy to get around to some of the other hot spots in this area.  In all, this is a welcome presence in uptown for the diversity of cuisine in an upscale setting.
5	Consistently delicious, whether it be in Charlotte or in Charleston (where I first discovered Basil).  My best friend and I make a trip to Charleston every year just to have dinner at Basil.  It's good to know we can travel 1/3 the distance and indulge in one of our favorite places.
4	I really like this place. I love the coconut soup and honestly all of the small plates on the menu. I haven't tried all of the entrees but the ones I did have were great. My kids love it too so it makes a great place to go out for a family dinner or a date night.
4	I would love to give this place 5 stars, but I just can't. I've been here 3 nights the past week because I finally found the perfect pad thai spicy like I like, it's the best I ever had! However, this place is not consistent. If you go for lunch versus dinner, you get a totally different experience. The appetizers like the wings and wontons are ever changing and never tastes the same. And never EVER order take-out. If they manage to cook your food the way you ordered it (which they messed up on last night, I ordered the pad thai - "thai hot" which is the hottest it gets, and there was nary a spice to be seen, it was plain old noodles that tasted worse than Ramen). It seems like they put very little effort in their take-out orders, they should really discontinue and be dine-in only. So all in all, I reallly do love this place I will just be sure to dine in from now on.
1	I'll start off by saying I normally love this restaurant and the food is always great. However our experience this weekend was subpar in service. We had a large group of 20 people, everything started off great until it was time to pay. We were informed by the restaurant manager that they would only allow us to have 5 separate checks. We were mostly couples with a few singles in the mix and it was much more complicated then if they had just allowed us to have our checks for each couple. The reason behind why they did this was even better: the waiter didn't have enough time to separate the checks on the computer. When I saw at least three managers standing around. I would avoid this restaurant if you have a large group and are not going to be on one tab. Hope it was worth saving the time to give us 5 checks.
4	It seems like I end up here every time I'm in Charlotte. I think I've been here 3 or 4 times now, all of which were very good. I don't remember what I got before, but most recently I had the Spring Rolls and the Massaman Tofu. Both of which I really enjoyed. I had also brought along a group of people from work and they all were very impressed as well. I will definitely visit again the next time I'm in town.
4	Went to this restaurant last night and was pleasantly surprised on how nice the ambianc, service, and music was really good. We were out with 2 other couples the service was fantastic and the food was good.  This is a keeper!
2	Fairly standard Thai fare in a nicely appointed restaurant in Uptown Charlotte.  The crowd is heavy during the lunch rush hour, and it's fairly easy to see why.  The menu is a decent collection of straightforward Thai dishes, not too much exploration.The service we had was awful I have to say.  I asked about the special (noodle bowl) wondering if it was hot, both temperature and spicy level.  I literally said that, "both temperature and spicy" and the waiter half-assed said, yep, it's hot.It wasn't either.  It was a cold noodle bowl and the spice was in the sauce.  Technically I guess you could say it was spicy, but only after I doused the noodles in the sauce which was served on the side.  The other issue I have with this place is the price.  All entrees are $9-13+ and they do not come with a soup or salad or bread or anything but poor service.  I'm happy to pay more for a higher quality offering, but I'm just not convinced the value they're offering is worth it.
3	Loved their fried rice and egg rolls.Pad thai is good too.
4	In the south, Thai food is few and far between. This is THE place to get Thai in Charlotte. It's not a hole in the wall nor is it staffed by people who are actually from Thailand... Basil Thai is on the contemporary-chic side of the dining spectrum. There is almost always a crowd in the entryway and the spacious dining area is well decorated and inviting. I have been for lunch several times, dinner and gotten take-out- and it's pretty solid. It's not the most authentic Thai but the presentation is pretty and it's always fresh. Service is also good- very enthusiastic and friendly staff. Glad there's a thai place near my apartment- just a quick walk for green curry or spring rolls is good in my book.
5	I and some friends visited on a Friday night and had a great experience. The food was wonderful, the drinks were great, and the our waitress was really impressive. I had Chicken Pad See Eu, my boyfriend had Beef Fried Rice, and another friend had Pad Kee Mow. All of them were really great! The food was delicious and beautifully presented. We also had drinks, which were pricy ($9-11/mixed drink), but good. I really recommend the "Thaitini!" We followed up with desserts - Fried Banana (with coconut ice cream) and Fried (Green Tea) Ice Cream. Both of them were tasty! The menu isn't super innovative or large, but what it includes is served really well. I also really liked the atmosphere. It's casual enough for an after work meet up but classy enough for a nice date. The chairs were super comfortable, but some of them were pretty worn. The waitstaff was phenomenal! Our water glasses were always full, and our waitress was attentive without being intrusive. It seemed liked she'd been professionally trained. Even when the restaurant was really busy, she gave each of her tables a lot of attention. Probably the best waitress I've ever had.
5	Excellent Thai food - the red curry duck was  magnificent. Good Pad Thai and the cashew beef was crunchy with just the right amount of spice. My recommendation for the best Thai in Charlotte.
4	Great food and atmosphere...the Pad Thai is very good!  The whole $5 valet charge is sketchy--I asked the attendant about that and they DON'T get that money...Basil keeps it...shame on them...
2	The food is not bad here, but it is unexceptional and expensive.  Basil would not make the top 25 Thai spots in Atlanta, but it would be the most expensive.  Throw in an annoyingly large crowd and you only get two stars.
3	A solid 3.5.Basil Thai is a great place to walk by and smell the smells. You read that right; the restaurant gives off an intoxicating aroma that is downright incredible. Sadly, I didn't find the taste lived up to that amazing scent this time.   We tried many of the appetizers which I thought were good. I especially enjoyed the stuffed shrimp and basil rolls. For my entree the server recommended the Chicken Prik King with medium spice. While it was spiced just fine, the dish primarily consisted of under-cooked string beans. My meal had very little chicken (or anything other than the beans) and the squeaky texture was off-putting.  Our server took so long to take the order (almost an hour after we sat) so I just kind of dealt with what I was served because I was really hungry at that point. Once the order was taken it did move along a little faster thankfully. Overall our server was a nice guy so no complaints as far as that goes. The place itself is very nice and can accommodate a larger party nicely due to the back room. I've gone for drinks and they have always been delicious. One other thing to mention is that prices are pretty high, probably due to the Uptown rent. Siam Garden is still my go-to Thai spot for now, but I will have to give them another shot since I always hear raves about this place.
5	The BEST Thai food in the city. Everyone must try the basil tofu dish it is just delicious. I love thai food and I would not go anywhere else but Basil.
5	Oh god I love this place! The decor is beautiful and it's a perfect place for a date or girls night out! I went with a few friends and we had a great time. Service was fast and fantastic (on a packed Saturday night)! I ordered the Thai Basil and it was perfection!Looking forward to checking this place out again :)
5	Been many times. Always excellent.
5	Wow, very impressed with not only the service but the food is excellent! Came out hot shrimp was not over cooked, just right.
1	Was visiting friends over a weekend and was very hungry by the time we reached the restuarant. They kept us waiting for 40 minutes and the hostess dint care that we were waiting she just doing her own thing.Food good but not the best Thai food that I ate.I wouldn't recommend this place if you want to grab something quick.
4	Green curry with shrimp and chicken was delicious. Good portion with perfectly prepared rice. Will return to go for the Basil Duck. Quaint, quiet, tasteful. Perfect service.
5	I'm pretty sure I'm obsessed with basil. Everything is so amazing! I recommend the basil rolls or wontons to start out with. I have tried maseman curry, green curry, pad Thai, pad kee mow, pad kee sew, and black pepper garlic beef. All have been outstanding! Don't be afraid to go for the spices!!
4	So I went here on one of my seemingly endless bad first dates...but I digress.My meal was by far my most favorite part of the night.It was fresh and flavorful.  I went simple with the garlic chicken.  Simple, flavorful and done well.  I particularly enjoyed the trio of hot sauces.One complaint - the noise. It was super loud.  I had a hell of a time hearing my date.  It didn't help that he had an accent, but I found that Thai Basil was super duper loud.  I'm starting to see that as a theme at some of the trendier uptown restaurants.
1	Terrible experience - my Pad Thai was very dry and the staff did not offer to solve it, rather brought nasty tasting peanut sauce and charged me extra for it! REALLY??? They explained there was nothing else they could do Not coming back here.
5	I was visiting Charlotte for the week. Went to a few local restaurants, some good, some not so good. This place was good. Great food, great service, decent price. Not much else to say except I'd highly recommend it.
4	I have been here twice and both times the waiter has made the experience great! The food is very good and fairly priced, but Joe our waiter, made the experience great! I got the Pad Thai and the my girlfriend got the duck.. Both excellent. The first time we got the red curry chicken and the pad see u. Both fantastic.. The Basil rolls are awesome too.Thanks Joe!!
4	Came here for dinner with some friends recently on a Saturday night. Our names were put in for a 2 hour wait but it ended up only being about 1.5 hours. I loved the atmosphere, it was nice without being over the top. We ordered sake for the table. My husband and I had never had sake but we loved it! I can't remember which one we ordered but it was the recommendation of our server, it was an unfiltered option. We ordered the basil rolls for an appetizer, some with tofu and others with shrimp for the table and they were delicious. The sauce really made them. Tangy and spicy but nothing over the top, a medium spice. We all tried ordering various dishes so we could each sample them. I ordered the vegetable delight with tofu and a medium spice and was in love. Now that I have eaten there I would easily go to a higher spice because I like spicy food. The medium was really mild to me. I also sampled the green curry which was really good. I had never had curry before but I really enjoyed it and the flavor was also subtly sweet to me. We ordered a round of desserts for the table: the chocolate cake, fried banana with coconut ice cream and green tea ice cream. They were all delicious but the table agreed that the fried banana was the favorite. I am pretty sure the banana was wrapped in a springroll wrapper so it had great crunch and completed the ice cream wonderfully.
4	Enjoyed the exceptional food! The vegetables, sauce, and tofu blended together very, very well. The portion size was a little small so I wouldn't suggest going there if you're looking for something substantial. Otherwise it's a great spot for anything!
4	I had heard about this place several times but never made it in until last night. The restaurant itself is a combination of posh, elegant, and also casual. Most of the people there were well dressed but there doesn't seem to be a dress code.I opted for the Pad Prik with tofu--a combination of seasonal vegetables, herbs and garlic over simple jasmine rice. It was really good--the only reason I didn't finish the whole thing is because I had something to eat before heading to the restaurant. Had I not, I would have finished the whole thing.The Basil Thai (I think that's the name) is an exquisite martini--I would've polished off two of them but I restrained myself. You should definitely check this place out. Friendly wait staff, prompt service, and a nice variety of entrees to choose from.
5	Pad thai was dope. Great service, excellent recommendations. Date night approved for sure.
5	We made reservations and I'm glad we did. We visited on a Saturday evening around 9PM and there was a good crowd. By the time we left there were people waiting outside to be seated.The hostess was pleasant and seated us right in time with our reservation.Our server was attentive but didn't crowd the table and keep visiting every 10 minutes. He had a good attitude and was a fun guy.The food was awesome. We had tilapia and it was delicious. The coconut and chicken soup, fantastic.If you're in the area....visit!
2	This is quite a fancy restaurant. A place you could take someone for dates. It has nice decor and lively, hip atmosphere, but the food is only so-so.I ordered the papaya salad and shrimp wontons and was disappointed with both. The presentation for the salad was very sloppy and the vegetables were over-soggy. It tasted reasonable. The shrimp wontons were very small. You could really only taste the oil and nothing else.  Finally I had sticky rice and mango for dessert. This was done pretty well, but I guess it's a hard dish to mess up!The food is very overpriced though. The three items above plus an ice-tea came to $33 (without tip). A plate of Pad-Thai here will set you back about $16.
3	I have mix feelings about Basil Thai, I really have enjoyed most of the food I have tried, BUT!, it has been like a 50/50 chance of both food and service. Most recent I went last week(07/31/2014) the service was horrible and the food was a bit cold, and I can give them the benefit of the doubt because it was very crowded. About a month ago, the services was mediocre but the food was excellent. Then a few months back both the food and service were great. So if you go probably will get both good food and service, but be aware that experience will definitively vary.
4	Food is great....make a reservation or plan to wait.
4	loved this place, nice food,, excellent service,,, we will be back
5	What a treat. Service is great, portions are large, fresh, and piping hot. We can't wait for Ballantyne location to open.
4	Very well done Thai food.  We loved it here. The ambiance & service were great, and we didn't have to wait for a table either! Will certainly be back :-)
5	I absolutely love this place! It is by far my favorite restaurant in all of Charlotte. I have been going there for 5+ years. Management has changed, therefore, the quality of service changed (went down a little bit), but the taste of the food remained the same. I am not even a big fan of Thai food, so I was very surprised at how addicted I was to their food. My ultimate favorite dish is the Thai basil with chicken. Kick it up a notch and get it Thai spicy to get the best (in my opinion) experience!
3	Nice place, but we sat outside so I couldn't see the inside.Service very good, very kind.Quality is nice but not wow, I like thai food and my expectations are usually high. Tried a pad thai, a crispy duck curry (but not too crispy), summer basil rolls (couldn't find the shrimp well). I would give 3+1/2 or 4- But I give 3 as an incentive to do better. I mean, it's a good place, should make happy the majority of people, especially if there is not much competition in the City.
1	We sat ourside to enjoy the music in Blakeney and my wife ordered two dishes from Thai Basil. One of the dishes Chicken Satay proved to be cold and in my wife's words as if it was a week old leftover. She went back to return the food and as per my wife the staff was rude and told her once she opened the food she pays ! This is not an attitude any restaurant I have been to takes. Yes, some are nicer than others, still I have never come across such rudeness. Be careful.As a side, it is very dark inside, and in general I am suspicious of places that are kept so dark, except bars of course.
5	Went with a great friend for lunch while in town and it was absolutely delicious! The waiter was very attentive and recommended the fried rice. The GF chicken fried rice was so good! They also serve enough to take home. Great place, great food, great service! Definitely a fan!
4	I've been going to this restaurant ever since this location opened up years ago. I've never had a bad experience. The food is always exceptional, though the portions have gotten smaller over the years. The ambiance is incredibly romantic, but an intimate group of friends also fit the atmosphere here. Within walking distance from all of Uptown's attractions, the location of this restaurant is ideal if you like that feel; however, finding parking can be a pain, but that's the price you pay with any large downtown city area. Whenever people ask for food suggestions, this place is always on my list.
3	We really like the food but of the three times we have been there they have messed up our reservations twice. Last Christmas we reserved the  private room for a party but they sold it to a higher bidder at the last minute and then VERY  unapologetically put us at a huge table in the dining room and never once even got the obligatory stop and chat from the manager.
2	Everything was ok but not great.  The Tom Kha soup was awful (some kind of oil floating on the surface? Really?) and the curry was just ok. They use mid to low level quality ingredients (chicken, etc) and it shows. Still looking for a good place here in charlotte...
3	Nothing special. Seems to me this place is popular bc its something diferent in charlotte. I eat a lot of thai and this was not that great.  I had the curry.  The curry had taste but nothing special and the cashews seemed stale.  I wouldnt go back. I make it better at home.
5	Amazing food and quick service at lunch! I had the red curry with tofu and i finished it all! My husband ordered the basil chicken and he enjoyed it as well! Wish they have this spot in Los Angeles!
4	Excellent food, great atmosphere (we had a lovely, private table for our larger party), and solid service. The valet however was AWFUL- too 20 minutes to get our car- will still go back but will park ourselves (or walk as it would have been taken the same amount of time)
3	Food is good.  A little pricey for lunch.Last few times the service has been extremely slow.  Give yourself 90-120 minutes if you plan to have lunch.
2	I am writing this review after eating dinner for the third time here. I don't like the food here, it's just not very good.I always get the beef pad see ewe and it's decent. But my dinner partner always gets something different from the "entrees" section and it's always really bad.Will not be returning.P.S. WORST fresh rolls ever. ever ever ever. you get 2 tiny finger-sized things for $6 and it makes me mad how not good they are. the dipping sauce makes me mad, too. for the same reason.
4	Good food, good service and I didn't have to wait long for food. Will be back next time I am in the neighborhood.
4	I have been here twice and both times the waiter has made the experience great! The food is very good and fairly priced, but Joe our waiter, made the experience great! I got the Pad Thai and the my girlfriend got the duck.. Both excellent. The first time we got the red curry chicken and the pad see u. Both fantastic.. The Basil rolls are awesome too.Thanks Joe!!
3	I'm admittedly not very well versed in Thai food, but I thought the Pad Thai here was delicious. I've gotten it every time I came after it was recommended by many of my friends and it was delicious (loaded with shrimp and chicken). Be sure to request the spice rack on the side, which comes with chili powder, jalapenos and some sort of salsa (extremely spicy). In terms of ambiance, I ate outside the two times I didn't do take-out and it was very spacious/comfortable. The wait staff was friendly and the menu is full of options although a little pricey. Definitely recommend visiting for a relaxing environment and great food.
5	Best Thai food in Charlotte!!  My husband and I absolutely love this place!!  All the noodle dishes are incredibly delicious!  The atmosphere is great - a wonderful spot for either lunch or dinner!
4	Pretty decent Thai food. I had the Green Curry Chicken which I ordered "Thai hot". While the dish was good, it was no where near that would qualify as Thai hot at an authentic Thai place back in Boston. However, it was tasty. Also sampled my friends' Red Chicken Curry and Pad Thai which were both pretty food as well.Overall, not the best Thai I have had on Charlotte, but I wasn't really disappointed.
4	The Crispy Red Duck Curry is amazing! All too often US Thai restaurants make their curries too sweet...not Basil Thai. It was perfect for a cold night...25F outside, yes in Charlotte in November! Nice ambiance and great service. I will be back.I took off one star because they do not offer their soups in a smaller size at dinner and their mango sticky rice desert is seasonal! Otherwise, that was a perfect meal. Careful, portion sizes are huge!
4	A tureen of tom kha gai served over an open flame? Yes, please. A plate of some of the best pad thai ever? Of course. Delicious Thai food that busts the seams of your pants? Basil Thai's got your back! (And gut.)Dinner at Basil Thai is a much classier place than the hole-in-walls that I'm used to dining at, and the food shows it. On a cold Charlotte night, there's nothing better than a bowl of chicken coconut soup and we were able to split the tureen between four of us girls. We also ordered the pad thai, pad kee mao, and the crispy red curry duck. The pad thai noodles were perfectly springy, and I would gladly eat a whole plate by myself if we hadn't decided to do family style. Personally, I wasn't sold on the crispy duck; if you let it sit for more than a minute, the curry sauce will automatically make your duck rather un-crispy. Still, the curry worked well when mixed in with white rice. Verdict: if you're looking for a great Thai place, then bingo! You've found one here at Basil Thai.
2	The food was bland and that's a hell of a statement for Thai food. A little overpriced but fair market rate for being in Uptown. I had the Basil with tofu and it was just so-so. The rice they provided was of poor quality and in no way sticky. Be sure to ask for extra pepper and they'll bring you a tray of three options. This place is good for those who aren't sure they will like Thai. The food is unoffensive to your tastebuds but nothing exciting for those who like a more traditional flavors. It's the Jay Leno of Thai Food
3	I'm not sure if it's still the case, but I don't understand why this place doesn't take lunch reservations for more than 8 people. And this one time I went and got a seat for lunch without waiting, I was not impressed by their service. I mean there were empty tables, and no one was running around like crazy. But they forgot our rolls completely. So we just cancelled it because my Pad Thai came out first and when we asked about the rolls, the server admitted that she forgot about it.Anyhow, I still say it's okay because their food is good. I guess that's how they stay open. I'm not Thai so I don't know if it's authentic - and from my experience with Thai food during honeymoon, I don't know if I want authentic Thai food - but it's good. This was my fifth visit and am still happy with their food. Just wish they would make their lunch experience as good as their dinner/banquets.The first time I went there was for a get-together between locals who work in the same field. I had a great time. The group happy hour place downstairs was cozy and the rolls were great. Planning to go back with the wife for some lunch. Hope even the next lunch is as great an overall experience as my happy hours there.
4	I'm no Thai expert but I'm definitely a fan of this place! I met a friend here for dinner and was immediately surprised by how the atmosphere was comfortable yet intimate. Our server was amazing, it was my first visit so he offered suggestions and kept our glasses full and brought the food out quickly without being overbearing. My friend and I started with the Thai Chicken Wings. It seems like an unusual start for our dinner but these wings were fantastic. The wings were marinated in soy sauce, garlic and white pepper and then served with fish sauce and Thai chili sauce. The wings were cooked perfectly! Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. And that thai chili sauce was heavenly! I could have ordered another few to take home! For dinner I ordered the Red Curry with Chicken and my friend ordered the Basil Tilapia. I'll start with the curry, it was so full of flavor. I loved the combination of coconut milk and red curry. It was just the right amount of spicy and the chicken was so tender! Would I order it again....absolutely! The Basil Tilapia was another excellent choice it's fried tilapia with veggies, sauce and jalapenos (yum!). First, it smelled amazing when it arrived to the table....the fish was crispy fish and veggies were to such a nice addition in the sauce. My goodness. Overall, this was an amazing dinner. If you're looking for some really good Thai....this is your place!
5	Went out with friends for dinner at Thai. I had the coconut soup and beef salad, since I was looking for Paleo friendly options. The coconut soup was plentiful and we shared it among 5 people.  I thought the portions were all generous. We had all courses. Apps, dinner, dessert and great cocktails!The waitstaff seemed to work as team and there were enough staff that if we needed something we could wave down someone. There is a lot of competition for upscale dining in Charlotte and it seems that Basil is maintaining its well deserved status for good authentic Thai food. Well done!
