4	Service is great! Prices are great! Portions are a bit on the small side but for the price you can't beat it
5	Kiku sushi also have a facebook page feel free you like and share the pagehttp://www.facebook.com/KikuRevolvingSushiBar
5	Amazing, super fresh, beautifully prepared sushi at a very affordable price.  I have been looking for sushi this good since I moved from Minnesota to Arizona. While there are many good sushi restaurants in Arizona, it seems a lot of them are more show than substance - by that I mean the fish is okay, but not of the highest quality. Kiku Sushi's uses fish of the highest quality and it shows in every serving. Nirvana!Also, for those of you who are cautious to try raw fish sushi, Kiku Sushi offers a variety of sushi with smoked fish and also 100% vegetarian sushi.  In addition to the sushi itself, you can get fresh fruit, seaweed salad, chocolate lava cake, cheesecake (divine!) and a variety of other non-fish based dishes.I have too many favorites to name, but I know I will always get the seaweed salad and the salmon and tuna nigiris and then try what else looks particularly appealing that night.  The portions are purposely small to encourage trying a variety of dishes, and it also keeps lunch and dinner more affordable for those of us on a budget. I would love this place even if it was housed in an old VFW building for the food alone, but luckily this place has a fun, relaxing, yet upbeat atmosphere, making it a  great place for dates, dinners out with friends, introducing kids to sushi, and large groups of people. Very warm and cheerful. The service is wonderful, too, with knowledgeable servers who can suggest dishes to suit pretty much everyone.  I will be coming by frequently - hope to see you there!
5	Great find in the Arrowhead area!  Prices are very affordable and fresh sushi is always around you. First time at a revolving sushi bar and it was a fun experience. Didn't have to wait for food, just picked it right off of the conveyer belt. Staff was extremely courteous.  Will definitely be back :)
3	This place is pretty good...the people are really nice also.The selection I guess is pretty ok. If there is something you don't see coming around, you can ask for it to be made for you, but that kinda goes for most revolving sushi places.They do have a fairly extensive "off the conveyor belt" menu...like steak and stuff. And if you have picky kids they also carry burgers, chicken tenders and fries.The desserts they have going around the belt are better than I've seen at some revolving sushi restaurants.As for the prices...it's a bit more expensive than what I'm used to paying for revolving sushi. I can pay about $20 or so other places and get quite a bit of food, as where this place I can pay about $35 or so and get a little less food than I normally could. Which kinda sucks...but it is what it is I guess.Anyway...I've been here about 2 times or so now...still debating if I should return. I'm hoping that once the business picks up (it's been dead the last 2 times I've gone) maybe they'll drop the prices on some stuff.
5	This place is amazing! Portion sizes are just right so you can get a little bit of everything. I love that I can have so many different types of sushi and not get stuck having to decide on just one roll. Everything was super fresh and tasty! All of the stuff on the revolving sushi bar was wonderful! The salmon was so tasty and tender it melted in my mouth. They also have a full menu and they will make anything special you request as well. Staff was super friendly and the sushi chefs were really great. They also have stuff on the revolving sushi bar that is great for non sushi eaters or kids! When I was there they had many different types of salads, desert, fruit yogurt and veggie selections. Or if you don't like whats there just order off the menu!! They are open late which is great if you have a late night sushi craving!The place is super clean and the set up is really cool. The only thing that they might want to change is to turn the music up just a touch or maybe get some TVs for those people who cant leave home if there is a sporting event on. Other than that everything was perfect. I hope this place stays around for a very long time to come I LOVE it!!!!  I will be here very very often.
4	Came in today for lunch with a group of 10 people. We're part of a Sushi "Meetup" group that travels all over the valley. We found Kiku Sushi had good sushi, is reasonably priced, and had very attentive service. We will be including Kiku on our rotation and will be back in the near future for dinner. Interested in joining a group of people who have the love of sushi as a common interest? Check out our website at:http://www.meetup.com/sushilicious/
4	We ate a late dinner here last night.  For our first time, it was pretty good.  The introduction to the restaurant was not great--we've never been to a conveyed sushi restaurant before and weren't quite sure how it worked.  We ordered an appetizer of fried calamari... It was amazing!  Perfect size and it was only $3.  Then, we began making our selections from the conveyed selections.  Between the two of us we were shocked to see that we only spent $30 (before tip) and that included one sake bomber and a regular drink.  They have a lot of other items that can be ordered from the menu in addition to the conveyer belt.  Next time, we'll try some of these items.One thing I would recommend to this place would be to have a list that details all of sushi names and their ingredients at the table.  There are some on the belt that do not have the ingredient list on the menu.  This was a little frustrating, but the wait staff were quick to explain the items.  For Instance, Monkey Brains... What the heck?  It turns out it's a mushroom stuffed with spicy crab that's tempura fried.  It was awesome!
4	Love the concept and pricing is very reasonable. Everything I ate was fresh and yummy. The kids loved the yakisoba. I will definately be a regular here.
1	I hate writing bad reviews, but I had to! :(When we walked in no one was there, I was thinking crap this can't be a good sign? I felt like the place was way over staffed. They had servers just walking around everywhere? It was kind of odd. The idea of a revolving sushi bar intrigued me. I think the idea is cool, but not smart when it comes to anything that has been fried in tempura or baked. You HAVE to serve it fresh, or after awhile it's just gets mushy. It really grossed me out.They said anything that has been sitting out for 2 hrs is thrown away. I really don't see how this place will stay in business with the cost of food and the loss. Seems like such a waste.My two year old had a chocolate pudding ,and I was jealous HA!
2	very clean & the staff was great. we will not be returning though. it seems like a good deal at $2/plate but those were the smallest rolls ive ever seen. the rolls werent bad but they were all room temperature. hiraku in tempe is way better
2	Ate late last night - We were the only ones there at about 8pm on a saturday night. The food was okay, but nothing out of this world. I was impressed that they had saba and a few others ready to go, but I think that I would only return when it is busy because I can't see how the rolls could have been fresh. It's not bad if you order and have them prepare it on the fly, but at a Kaiten sushi joint you don't expect that you have to. It is slightly hard to find (behind a few rows of buildings actually!) and signage is minimal until you reach the area (3 parking lot areas deep!)  Maybe that is why it was empty.  It is really clean, and nicely decorated inside and the staff is friendly and attentive.
5	Decided to give this place a try this weekend. SO GLAD WE DID! I'm a big sushi fan, and I really enjoyed the revolving conveyor style service. We got to try some great new rolls and the staff was very attentive. They were constantly putting out new rolls, so nothing stayed out too long. We'll definitely be going back!
4	I don't like sushi, but my boyfriend does. I took him here for a surprise date one day, and he was in heaven. I loved the rotating bar, I thought it was fantastic. I even had a few of the cooked ones such as california rolls. He loved everything he tried, and it all seemed very fresh. I ordered teriaki chicken, and it was very good. We had a great time, and it was a fabulous date. My boyfriend loved the fact that he could have a bite or two of everything instead of ordering a whole roll of one kind. The bill for the two of us was about $70, which is a little pricey, but sushi is expensive to begin with, and my boyfriend does eat a lot of sushi. Overall, we loved this place. We had great customer service, the place had people in it (but wasn't crowded), and it was a relaxing time. We definitely will be back.
5	Went for the first time tonight. Let me just say great prices, great food and great service. The waitress was really nice. We sat at the sushi bar area, Joe was really friendly. We highly recommend this place. This is our new spot. The portions are perfect. If you dont like sushi they have amazing sesame chicken.
4	Very tasty, great selection, prices, and service. I'm thrilled to have such a place on the NW side of town.
5	Just got back from Kiku Sushi...YUMM!! How much fun is a revolving sushi buffet? We loved it. We ate until we were stuffed along with two giant beers for $40. The sushi was fantastic. The egg roll was cold, but I just told them and they took it right away. The cucumber salad was cold, tasty, and a great palette cleanser. Our waitress, JoJo was eager to get us to try her favorites and you can tell she is proud of the food they serve. The whole staff greeted everyone as they entered. Really great vibe, reasonable prices, delicious food revolving around the room, and cold beer....this is my idea of a good time!!
2	Sad update. We returned to Kiku Sushi the next day for lunch. They had tons and I mean  a lot of food revolving around, but there were no customers to eat it. The egg rolls and gayoza were stone cold, but there is a sign stating they will heat it up. They took the deep fried combo and dropped it in the fryer again. Kind of grossed me out. Who knows how long any of that food had been on that revolving belt. The cucumber salad was kind of wilted and had to be at least an hour old. It seems that they need a better system when demand is slow. Also, there is one server that just stands and stares at us pretty much the entire time we are eating. It is very uncomfortable. I overlooked it the first time because I thought she might just be tired or something, but she had the same dumb expression this time for an hour and just watched us while wiping lids. The server disappeared for very long periods of time, I'm talking 10 minutes with no sightings. This was the same server from the night before. The few times she came out, she had her cellphone in hand. The rest of the staff was nice, and the chef came over and explained some speciality rolls to us then offered to make some fresh for us to taste. That was yummy and served at an appropriate temp.I really hope the owner or mgmt. figures out a system to keep old food off the belt. I cannot return until they do. I just think that it should be an obvious issue, and if it isn't, what are they serving me the rest of the time. The standards must be raised before I return. My love affair with Kiku Sushi is on hold until they up their standards.
4	Decent place. I like the vibe here, it was actually better than I expected. The sushi was decent, actually lacked a little variety I felt, but it was ok. Not a bad place for the west side (which lacks everything). Otherwise they do have a regular menu, and beer as well. I'll probably be back.
5	This place is awesome!!!  The revolving bar is fantastic,  food very good and fresh, even when the restaurant want full,  they kept it stocked.  The staff was very friendly and made sure our drinks were never empty and I didn't run out of wasabi,  which I use a lot.
1	Thought this would be a fun place to bring a friend for his birthday dinner... But ended up very disappointed in the entire experience. Sushi on the conveyer belt was not fresh at all, and we saw the same things continually pass us during the two hours we were there. Not to mention, the prices per plate were a little high for the amount of food. We all decided to order fresh sushi off the menu instead. Our waitress was unable to answer any of the questions we had on the menu. It took 45 minutes for us to get the rolls we ordered (which is strange considering they had two chefs working and at most 3 other tables in the restaurant) and when the waitress brought the rolls out to us, one by one, she was unable to tell us which rolls were which. None of the rolls we orders were worth the $9.99ea that we paid, and most of them were left un-eaten. Upon asking for refills on our drinks, we realized that ALL of our cups were dirty on the inside. The inner rims were filthy and smelled of mildew. Also, while eating we watched several of the waitresses wipe out and reuse the plastic lids that cover the revolving sushi plates. I understand washing these out and reusing them to save money but don't think this should be done out in the dining room near customers. It really grossed my entire party out, especially after noticing the dirty cups. All around terrible dining experience. Will not be recommending or returning.
2	I've been to several conveyor belt sushi type places, and I understand that sushi that travels around on the conveyor belt is not meant to be the "elite of the elite" sushi. I've been to some pretty fancy sushi restaurants to true "authentic ones" to AJ's grocery store type sushi places, I am really not picky!  I appreciate the finesse of what sushi restaurants can come up with.Here, although the service was great. The rice was pretty hard on the rolls. The fish just came out really dry. I really wanted to like this place and my husband and I brought my dad here on a  Sunday, and my dad was so disappointed with the sushi, he almost made a scene! I quickly ate a few rolls that I got off the conveyor belt and quickly had my husband get my dad out of there to another sushi place nearby where my dad could order his favorite "masago roll topped with quail egg sushi." I explained to him that this sushi place didn't have rolls like that there. They have their own specialty rolls there. However, I couldn't help the fact that my nigiri - mackerel sushi or was it snapper? but anyway, it was dry and chewy. The restaurant just opened that morning and the fish already seemed dry! I might give this place another chance, especially without my dad, the sushi snob. I just like having this gimmicky type of conveyor belt sushi as an option on this side of town.
1	Went in, one other party was there. Their poppers were cold, they said they could heat them up for me. You don't heat popper, they are double the price and half the size of Teharu in Scottsdale. Surprisingly the iced green tea wasn't very good.
2	Place is clean and nicely decorated. My waitress seemed inexperienced and Left/quit after taking my order. The lady in charge did not know what I had ordered and it looked like they hadn't made it yet.  As for the items on the conveyor, I cannot see how they could be fresh. I did order from the menu so that the food would be fresh and it did taste good but..Won't be back.
2	As much as I enjoyed watching the plates move around on the conveyor belt, that is not enough to bring me back to Kiku Sushi. Some of the food was very visually unappealing, such as the "Key West Roll", which had green gunk squirted on top, or another roll, which looked like a pile of rice with vomit heaped on top. Not appetizing. I stuck with rolls I thought would be difficult to mess up, Philadelphia, shrimp tempura and spicy tuna; the rice in each one was dry and flavorless. The fish did not taste fresh, and while I love mango, the spicy tuna was not helped by it's inclusion, especially given that the roll tasted neither spicy, nor like tuna. I understand that the plates are moving on the belt, so the sushi is not being made to order, but some of the food I tasted probably should have been pulled a bit earlier.
2	Bought a Groupon for this place and should have read reviews before i wasted my time and money. Saturday night and not very many people dinning in, that should have been sign!!! Overall nice looking restaurant, cool revolving Sushi conveyor but service was weak and the Sushi looked like it was sitting on that conveyor for a long time. I did order from the menu to have atleast something fresh.  It took awhile to finally place my order and seemed forever to get it. With just a hand full of people it should have been fairly quick to receive our food.The staff seemed busy playing with their cell phones than taking care of the customers.I will not be back .
5	Loved this place and can not wait to go back! The prices were reasonable and the food was great. We tried six different rolls and were stuffed. Everything was fantastic.The sake bomb was good and so was the plum wine to top it off. There was hardly anyone in there but it was nice to have a lot of different choices to pick from. I wish we would know all the rolls on the belt but I would continue to eat more!
3	We bought a Groupon to try it out.  It's pretty cool idea, but not new.  The sushi revolves around the booths, like one big long train.  You have to look carefully and choose wisely.  There is some shitty low end sushi but some pretty decent rolls.  Depending on the sushi you pick, the colored plate represents how much it is.  You leave your plates stacked on the table, then count the plates at the end.  Prices per plate are from $2 thru $7.  I would only go here as a sushi eater.  The person I was with was not a sushi eater and the menu is limited to Teriyaki "anything."  I don't know if I would go again.  The sushi is just "OK", and there's better sushi out there.  I guess if I had a friend in town, was looking for cheap sushi with a little novelty behind it - I might go again.Not sure what this used to be, but I think it was some sort of noodle place.  If you go to the bathrooms in the back, on the wall is clearly the menu from the previous restaurant, that is covered (albeit very poorly) with something that is Chinese looking.
3	Yes , I will give this restaurant an OK. My date and I filled up for only 20 bucks with ice tea. Service was very friendly.  Rolls good sized and plenty of variety.  You can order direct and not from the cool revolving track.. For a quick lunch go. For a fancy tasty dinner.. Not really... The taste should have more flavor...    Yes we would go again..
3	It's really okay. The service was on the upper half of decent, just a little on the slow side. The sushi was definitely not the best. What other reviewers said about the hard rice was true on several pieces. It is revolving, however, which is nice because you can mix and match and try whatever you want. Boyfriend was satisfied with our experience there, and he's picky. I'd recommend it if you were looking into trying revolving sushi- though don't go in with amazing expectations for the sushi itself.
2	Meh. I like the revolving conveyor belt, but I wonder how long the sushi sits out for and how long it's good like that. Instead of offering to heat it up, why don't you just remove the no longer hot items from the belt before customers take them?The sushi on the conveyor belt was average. The service at the table was decent but the order for hand rolls took too long.We came because of the Groupon, but there are plenty of other sushi places I prefer.
3	Nice place.  Good server.  Clean and lots of variety.  My kids got a kick out of the revolving belt.
2	Sushi was warm (not supposed to be) and not fresh. The idea of the food moving around is fun, but the reality of it means nothing is fresh or at the correct temperature. Our waitress actually told us to let her know what we wanted so she could make sure it was fresh.This store closed, it moved to Glendale.
3	Nice conveyer belt with various sushi on it. The plates determine what you pay as they are colored different thus different amounts. I have not seen a sushi place like this before in the Phoenix area, this remains me of LA or SF.  The sushi was ok some better than others, you have to keep an eye out for plates that have been on the conveyer belt for a while since these may not be as fresh. Overall, this is an interesting find and the kids get a kick out the food on the belt.  Just be careful how much plates you take off the conveyer belt these add up quickly.
1	Update: I went back again at a later time. The place was pretty empty. Service was slow and kinda bad. I think the person was new and didn't really know what to do. There was mold on the fruit going around and also the salad was wilted and brown. Would never be going back....
5	Sushi eaters in Phoenix are a funny and finicky bunch. Most of them do not know their sushi or know what good quality sushi is.For instance Station Sushi near Desert Ridge has 4-5 star reviews, but their sushi is pretty awful.  I read the reviews here and most people give it 2-3 stars...but the sushi here is really good... WTH?I'm a picky nigiri sushi eater, and I rate the sushi here as pretty amazing, especially for the price.  Salmon, white claim, mackerel (saba), yellowtail, squid, red clam, etc.. are all pretty tasty, even compared to places like Ah So or Fresh Wasabi.  And all these plates are only $2!! The prices are much better than Station Sushi, but the sushi and selection is much better.  As a sushi snob I give this place both thumbs up for their great food!!The service, as noted, is kind of average because the place is fairly new, and the servers are new, or a couple don't speak english well, but they get the job done.  I can ask any of them for anything and they'll get it for me.In short, give this place a try, the sushi is what makes it worth it.  Easily the best value for good quality sushi on the west side of town, even perhaps the entire valley.My fear is this place may shut down and I'll lose of my favorite sushi places in town, if the casual sushi eater does not appreciate how good the sushi is here.Enjoy!!!!!
1	I have never been to Kiku Sushi personally, but I am now working all day Saturday instead of having the day off because my employee who was supposed to be here went to Kiku last night and now he, his girlfriend, and her daughter are all puking their guts out.  STAY AWAY!! I wish zero stars were possible ...
1	First time coming here and hoping it would be a good place, and that did not turn out to be the case. It was dead,no customers very quiet and the people working there were a bit standoffish... The sushi did not look fresh as I picked the California roll and the avocado was grey not green at all. The sushi overall wasn't taste full.. I also ordered beef teriyaki and it wasn't good either in my opinion. It has some sort of burnt wood and gas flavor to it. We ordered sushi from the specials and I said to my boyfriend that it was very cold as I ordered a cooked sushi. Im sure the sushi chef heard and walked up to us and asked if everything was good.before I could say anything my bf lied and said it was good wanting to not hurt his feelings.... But overall I will not be going to this place ever!!
1	Fun concept of revolving sushi (as it's more common in Asia).... but the sushi tasted skunky.  If you've ever smelt a skunk that sprayed its nasty scent around, then you know what I'm talking about!  As some others noted, some sushi is warm.  Yuck!  The prices aren't bad ($6 for 22oz Kirin and sake) and $2 for plates of 4-pieces of sushi wasn't bad.  Surprisingly, I'm not fond of skunk and won't be back.
4	The food was pretty amazing for the price and Omar was a very friendly, helpful server!  We ate until we were stuffed for $22, we'll definitely be back.
4	Came in for the second time tonight and had an amazing experience again.  I love how clean and well kept the place is.  They also provided a delightful fruit dish for our birthday girl.  On top of the sushi, the miso soup and yaki soba we ordered were fabulous.
1	I tried this place again.. and just as I thought. It still hasn't updated it's taste in food at all. It was like I was there the first time all over again. I'm sorry to say but it's unenjoyable and gave me a tummy ache. Ordered the volcano roll I think and it was torched. It had a nasty gas burned flavor that wasnt good. I don't appreciate that. And I could see stack and stacks of already cooked tempura in the kitchen in the side. It's cooked but not cooked fresh when you ordered. It's a waste of money even though its cheap. Won't be going here ever ever again!!
4	I had a great experience! Server was very attentive! It is a fun concept and the prices can not be beat! The only reason I dropped a star is because the fried rolls on the belt are cold. After we got one we just ordered them custom out of the kitchen.
4	Food had great flavor and was fairly cheep for sushi. My friend and I got 6 smalls plates of sushi plus cheesecake that was split among us and it was $13 total! People were very friendly, only thing was it was kinda dead however it was a Sunday. Some of the food ends up being room temp as well since it's rolling around, however you can order fresh. I'd would definitely come back.
4	I've been to several revolving sushi places in Hawaii. I love the concept of something original and different. The sushi was good. Not awesome but good and seemed to be relatively fresh. There is always the chance of not getting fresh sushi when its traveling around on the conveyor belt, just watch what they are putting out and pick wisely. If there is something different you like they will make it. The prices are phenomenal. You pick the food you want and the prices line up with the color of the plate. How easy is that? So two people for dinner plus dessert was $13. That's total not each.
1	This place is disgusting, raw.fish sits for more than 30 mins. Terrible service. Will not be back. Please save your time and go to SUSHI YUKI on 83rd and Thunderbird.
4	You get what you pay for. Is the sushi astounding? No. Is it good? Yes! And it's cheap. It's decent food for a good price with a cool setup. Our son loved the conveyor belt with all the food.
5	fresh sushi, good variety, and good service. I have been to a couple revolving sushi bars and this is the best one so far. Will visit again.
5	We have been big fans of sushi station, but this place has higher-quality and lower prices. We showed up at 9 o'clock and they made our sushi to order. It was excellent.
4	My husband and I really liked the revolving sushi concept. It was a great way to try different and new sushi for a very reasonable price. We had nine different items and already have several we want to try on our next visit. There's plenty of variety and it's perfect for trying new items.
4	New establishment around north west of phoenix. They have allot of sushi with fruits and the price is affordable. Sushi rice did improved since the last time I came here. It use to break apart when I pick them up, now its more dense. They have no wait list and they let you choose where you prefer to sit down.
1	Most disgusting sushi ever.  As each dish came forward on the conveyor belt, it was like watching some bizarre game of chance.  Not really knowing if the next bite was going to make you sick(er)....
5	Loved it  great food and perfect for the price people are crazy for saying that it was horrible they prob have the money and no taste buds to spend their money somewhere else where they would prob pay triple the amount that u would normally pay here I loved the fact that the owner was there cleaning his restaurants stools shows that he genuinely cares about his business he was very nice and welcoming highly recommend this place I was stuffed and me and my husband spent twenty bucks great deal
1	I stopped here for some take out. Simply put, the sushi was edible, but not great. The food was just tossed into a box. No wasabi, sauces that actually came with my rolls or ginger were included. The prices for specialty rolls (which are the only ones available if you want take out) are way too high.$12.99 for a full roll. This rivals any of the better sushi places around. I had both the orange and cherry blossom rolls and neither tasted very fresh. I will not be returning.
5	It was a fun eating there. The revolving sushi concept makes eating sushi fun. Many different choice to choose from.  The only complaint is that the server was very inexperienced.  If he was on his game I would of ordered  Saki.
4	Expectations of a place creates the review. If you've ever been in a revolving sushi bar, you know that it is the "buffet" experience of the sushi world. However, they are required under law to maintain a high-level of freshness. In this case, for less than $25, Marcie and I were able to experience great service, sample several types of rolls and salads and had ahi tuna sashimi. There is not another sushi place in the Valley that can compete with their pricing. All that said, I don't think we'll be heading their for fine dining but, that's not what this place is all about. They provide quality sushi at a great price and service with a smile. Not to mention, we were in and out in less than 45 minutes. We certainly recommend Kiku for a lunch or lite dinner outing...
2	I really wanted to like this place, but came for lunch and was very, very underwhelmed. If you want revolving sushi definitely consider Sushi Station instead. Rolls: Too much rice, all the crab was fake and overpriced.What really bugged me was that the majority of their specialty rolls were just rolls with FRUIT on top of them (mango, kiwi, strawberries) for $1 more. I'm no expert but I'm pretty sure I'd get sick if I ate that type of combination. Fish: Tried the salmon nigiri, and it was alright for $2. The fish wasn't funky tasting but it was also cut very VERY slenderly. For that reason I would not buy that again. Service: Average. The waitress kept asking me if I was okay, probably because I simply didn't like anything on the belt so just watched the food pass for about 20 minutes.  Very awkward situation. The bill wasn't that cheap, the food wasn't that good, and I will not be back. If you know anything about good sushi you'll agree.
1	Their wasabi had no flavor. The manager/owner could have cared less. She was ONLY concerned with a table of Japanese patrons. She ignored our concerns completely. We will not return.
5	So found this by accident was hungry and went in. The place is clean and no fishy smell they charge by plate color and each plate has either 2 or 4 pieces of sushi   This great so you can try many different types prices range from $1 to $5 I didn't see any $5 plates most where $2 or $4.  Lunch could be had for $10 easy.   My lunch was $15 and I had 6 different items including gyoza.   I live at the base of SoMountian and will make the trek back here.
3	Only three stars because I was concerned about how long the dishes stayed on the belt. The items we ate were good but some were warm and some were cool, noting very cold or very hot. The staff was courteous and answered our questions. I think this is a great place for a group of friends not my idea of a date night.
3	Good sushi for the pice, not great like the more expensive kind, but good for the price.
4	A delightful place with a unique feature. The revolving bar goes around the tables and allows customers to take what they want when they want it. Kiku Sushi allows you to choose the sushi you want without having to order and entire plate of 6-8 pieces. You pick up the plate from the bar which gives you 2-6 pieces of sushi per plate. There is less chance of you wasting the food and a better chance of you to get only what you love and try new things. The service is friendly and helpful. They all take great care of the customer. Another great thing is that of your sushi gets taken up by other patrons you can always just ask the waitress to have the chef make you your order instead of waiting for the dish to come around. They really want to make sure everyone has a great and filling experience.
2	I went here for dinner with one of my good friends. I've been craving sushi for months now and we've been here before so I decided to return, it wasn't bad.  I regret going though I'm a fan of sashimi and nigiri so I naturally went for those first. It was warm and tasted off. My friend said it might be because they use fresh rice and don't give it a chance to cool so it accidentally warms up the fish.  Aside from that, the rolls and nigiri had no flavor. It just tasted like overly sweet rice. I got a roll with wasabi mayo and hot sauce and there was no flavor or spice at all.  Aside from bland and warm sushi, I came home and have felt sick for the past hour.Super disappointed, will probably be going to Fresh Wasabi in Surprise or Stingray in Glendale. I won't be returning.
3	If it weren't for the semi cold glass and beer I had. I would most definitely would of rate this place 2 and a half stars! My waiter was pretty sweet but that's about it. I am a little bit of a sushi freak.There is something about warm Sushi that can really put you out for a couple of days and that just that scares me! #bubblegutsNot the best but not the absolute worst. The place is pretty clean but unless you want to gamble with food poisoning I would not go! My stomach is rumbling now not sure that is a good sign! Uh-oh...
4	Idea was fun and efficient. Sushi was good. Rolls were fresh because some fried rolls were still steaming. Service was great. I would recommend and I will be going again. Very fair prices
4	Not the best sushi I've ever had but it was cheap and there was a large variety. At between $1 and $3 for each tapas-sized serving, you can try several things without breaking the bank. The conveyor belt is fun too. A hidden gem in the Arrowhead area of Glendale but worth seeking out.
4	Love this place!! The staff is wonderful especially Travis, one of the waiters there. The sushi is only a small part of their menu. My 2 yr old loves the Miso soup with Rice. I love the Teriyaki Beef, Udon, Ramen, & Sesame Chicken. Finish up with Mochi (love Bubblegum and Green Tea flavors) my favorite. Top it all of with the yummy Eel sauce. Yummy and inexpensive.
3	My daughter loves this place, at 7 she really likes the food moving by and pickings something off to give to Dad.  The sushi is so-so, the staff is very warm and friendly to us and helps out anyway we ask.  They do have a couple of specialty rolls you won't find anywhere else.
3	Eek. This place is hideous. The food is a 1 star at best but the good service yielded it two more stars. I went tonight with a friend because she was curious about it. She got a Las Vegas roll, but it had way too much rice. She said it was disappointing.Before going, I had read the previous reviews, and they were pretty spot on. I ordered the Korean BBQ beef. The sauce they used was incredibly sweet, like hoison sauce. Korean BBQ isn't supposed to be sweet like saccharine. I only ate half and boxed up the rest to take home. Big mistake. I never eat in my car, and get "new car" smell sprayed in my car when I take it to Danny's Car Wash.. The leftover Korean BBQ smelled a bit like poop in my car. I dislike wasting food but when I got home, I threw it away. I treated myself to the green tea ice cream. The server said the cook was making it fresh. The portion was extremely generous. It was delicious, but unfortunately, not enough to get me to come back here again.
3	I don't want to say that some of the other posters are liars and posers, but if the sushi fits... The place is nice on the inside, a little hard to figure out with a lack of direction from the staff. However, the staff is friendly and helpful, but you've gotta ask, and try to bring your nose down to eye level when doing so. The spicy tuna is pretty good. The fruit topped is weird but tasty. My family of 3 usually eats for about 25.00 total, and leaves with guts busted. Never been sick, never smelled skunky food. We've only had the revolving, other than the softshelled crab, which is admittedly a little skimpy. Most dishes are 1-3 bucks, and you get like 4 pieces. I think it's great for variety. They've got deserts, drinks, sodas, and everything else you would expect. The sushi chefs like it when you talk to them, but I guess you'd have to pull your head out of your butt first. If you're a fan of sashimi, korean bbq, and other stuff like that... GO TO THOSE PLACES. This is a conveyer belt sushi place with plates that range from 1-3 bucks. You can't eat coal and expect to fart diamonds.
4	I'm new to sushi and this wasn't the best... But it's close to home and inexpensive. We enjoyed ourselves and the service was great! Elizabeth gets 5 stars. She recommended sushi and different sauces to compliment the mix, she was attentive with our drinks and checked on us frequently. We will be back!
2	Its what you expect for sushi ranging from $1-$5.  Its a fun experience for sure.  The service was pretty good up until the end of our meal.  We went for lunch on a Sunday.  We were literally the only patrons in there and had each grabbed 3-4 plates and a drink.  Our waitress came to the table to ask if we needed anything else and we let her know we were OK, just picking off the plates and chatting.  Maybe 5 minutes later a teenage busboy came to our table and very rudely asked "is there a problem?".  What?! LOL.  OK bro.  It was pretty clear he wanted us to leave.  Again...we weren't sitting there for 2 hours.  It was maybe 10 minutes after we finished eating and still had a little food on our plates.  THERE WAS NO ONE ELSE IN THE RESTAURANT.  I wouldn't make an effort to come back.  Its not the kind of place you can hang out and enjoy yourself.
1	Let me start out by saying, I've been in the food and beverage/ hospitality industry for a long time now so I understand how things work. This review comes from my FOURTH visit. I know people have bad days. Restaurants have bad days. I really tried to like this place. I love sushi, love the concept....With that being said...the sushi is just NOT FRESH. I've been in there for lunch and dinner now. Each time, me and my company were literally the only people in the joint. The fish was discolored, skimpy, mostly rice, and simply not appetizing at all. My husband told me to grab a Philly roll. I took it off the belt, uncovered it. He put one in his mouth and got this horrifying look on his face. He insisted that I try it. I said no! Lol why would I do that if its bad. I finally agreed. I tried it. It was rancid. Not good at all. I literally gagged. It tasted like cloves and bad fish. I wouldn't even swallow it. It had such a strong rotten taste to it. Hard to even explain. This is coming from someone who loves blue cheese and strong, flavorful foods. I couldn't believe they were serving this. Then we tried this other roll. Dont remember the name. No luck with that one either. My husband said it taste like something out of the garbage disposal and IT DID. Even the color. I'm not kidding. Anyways, the building is cool. Very clean, maybe because there's nobody going in to dirty it. The ambiance is nice. Its really too bad the quality doesnt match the appearance and location. I'll be surprised if this place makes it another few months. Really disappointed.
2	I've been to one other location in California and loved the sushi, price, and the experience so I figured I would give this location a try. Big mistake! They are definitely not all created equally. The sushi was not fresh and our waitress was extremely rude. Anytime we asked her for anything she seemed to be annoyed and would make a face. I gave one star for the concept and one star for the price. However, I will not be going back. I like my sushi fresh and the people serving me polite and accommodating.
