4	I couldn't find this place on Yelp and wanted to see some reviews before heading out west to shop for a car.  I found out that it's brand new and used to be a Saturn dealership.  Oh yeah, GM.  Sad, that.I'm in the process of buying a new VW here; I got paired up with Daniel, who is a fun and totally down and knowledgable sales guy that didn't pressure me or give me any car salesman grossness.  The test drives were awesome.  It was like playing with new cars with my big brother.  There's no negotiation involved over anything, the prices are set.  I kind of like haggling, but not for large purchases like cars.  It's times like these that I miss my dad the most.Financing and warranty stuff were all explained to me thoroughly and none of my questions went unanswered.  I ate my first doughnut in years with hot fancy coffee (they hook the fresh doughnut and coffee UP), which for some reason made the day seem even sweeter.  This place is kind of incredible in how much care is put into dealing with customers.  I got handed a bottled water while I walked around.  There's a little play area for kids, a tv, a popcorn machine and free wi-fi (which came in quite handy when I got cold feet and needed to research a few things before pulling the trigger).  I never got the "Hurry up and spend money you FUCK" vibe.  Everyone waiting in the lounge for their service to be finished looked...chill.The new GTIs...want drive now.Oooh, also, the oil changes in the service department are the cheapest I've seen in the Phoenix area.
4	I had a very pleasant car buying experience here. The salesman, Ray,  gave me their lowest price, with a "take it or leave it" approach. Unlike other recent experiences with other dealerships, here was no grinding, 4-squares, or endless delays with the sales manager.  We negotiated a couple of simple dealer adds, and the sale was done. I was buying a popular configuration, a somewhat hard to find car. The price was essentially their invoice, but they could have nickle and dimed me, if they had wanted to. I would have walked awayThe finance guy kept me waiting while he got a bank to do the rate I requested, then it was simple sign and drive. He offered the typical warranty and programs, but didn't push back when I declined. This dealership was a Saturn store until the brand went belly-up. They're still getting used to VW, but they seem to have the right attitude for the brand.
5	I went to Peoria VW without an appointment to get my oil changed in my '07 Jetta.  They got it done with a filter change, comprehensive inspection and a wash for less then I could have done it myself, in under an hour!Great rep, kept me appraised of the progress and answered my questions. Lobby is great; Internet, TV, newspapers, coffee and donuts.  What more could you want? I will take all of my VW work to them.
4	Most of the maintenance on my Astra that I don't do myself gets done here. I've been bringing cars here for close to ten years now and have had good service since; before and after the switch to VW. It seems like they retained most of the old employees, which is a good thing. The only bug was in 2001 or 2002 when the service advisor locked my key in my car, which was more funny than anything.Also a good place to check if you're looking for Saturn parts and can't find them at the local auto parts store.
5	The service department is really doing everything right to keep me coming here. I live near downtown and drive to motherfeekin Bell and 88th Ave to get my vehicle serviced. I don't have to worry about getting the oil changey chains' upsells on AC service, filter changes or anything else the way I do at any of the various "Lube" establishments. The way those places like to terrify a single lady is just wrong. A franchise mechanic once tried to horrify me into a $600 AC compressor adjustment. How do they sleep?Last week, I drove to Tucson and had what I think was the loose emergency brake line slapping around my undercarriage and I was fearing that it was going to be destroyed by the spinning tire as I drove back home and to work. I raced here midday and got an oil change, inspection and the service guys got under my car and put the dangly line back in its correct place for no charge. It seems like a small thing, but I had no idea what to do with it and was worried it was going to be something expensive. The total cost of my visit was less than $19.I really like their inspection form; it tells you which parts need immediate attention, what can wait awhile and what is not currently an issue in a little color-coded sheet. The cashier goes over it with you in a very neutral fashion and no one ever tries to frighten you into spending more money.They are remodeling to VW's clean German-influenced interiors in the showroom. It looks like a mess right now but I had no trouble getting to the service department.They also have Diet Mountain Dew in their soda macheen. Star-five has been achieved.
5	Even with remodeling going on I had a fantastic time at the Peoria VW dealership.  Dealing with Doug L was a pleasure and it really was a no stress or pressure transaction.   In fact everyone in the store was very pleasant, polite, and easy to work with.  I felt like all of the employees tried their hardest to get me into the best car possible at the best price.  I really appreciated the no hassle or bargaining price system they have set up as well.   If you love VW like i do, and are in the market for a new or used car Peoria VW should be your first stop.
5	2nd time I was in a bind and needed to get something done fast with a car that had taken a dump.This dealership got myself the first time and my Lady the second time into great cars.  There was no negotiation as they have a take it or leave it price that is very fair.  New or Used.  They are also very fair on trades, and have been nothing but completely honest and they completely know their products.It is a first class operation and we could only wish that all or most dealerships operated like this.
5	Awesome service! Thanks!
5	Imagine my surprise when a $200 check arrived in the mail for referring a friend to salesperson Daniel. Friend ended up purchasing a new VW. At first I was confused and thought the payment was some fake check-looking voucher for service discounts or something, but then I saw my pal's name in the memo section. How cool is that? He had taken a shuttle from Tucson to pick up his new Golf and the dealership even got him from the airport. I love Carlos G's "high-stakes grab ass" comment! This dealership doesn't do that dance. I found out they have many people from out of state that purchase cars here for this reason, as flying in for a fixed "best price" is cheaper than playing chicken with a salesman in California, Colorado, etc.Big thanks for the referral reward (aka "covering this month's car payment").
5	Another outstanding 'find' found courtesy of Yelp. Oil change, tire rotation, etc. done well, done fast and done cheap. i will be back to Peoria VW!
4	Regarding the service department: So friendly, helpful, and honest. It's nice to find that at a volkswagon service department.Very friendly, but this is my first time owning a Volkswagen, those vehicles get pricey to service!
5	Considering that I have NO credit history whatsoever due to a business related bankruptcy, I was very pleased with the deal I got on a SOLID, SEXY 2009 Jetta TDi V-DUB and with the way in which I was treated.  Took my Jetta TDi in for a little recall service last month, and was greeted promptly, treated well and back on my way in no time.  WINNING!
5	I thought it was somewhat odd for a car dealership to have such positive reviews. There are stories that employees and owners ask people to post on sites such as Yelp, in order to get higher ratings. I must say that this is not the case with this dealership. This place is truly amazing. I made the HUGE mistake of buying my 2011 VW at VW Avondale Larry Miller. I wish I could turn back the hands of time and buy here instead. Nevertheless, they are happy to service my VW. The dealership is extremely clean, always accommodating, complimentary coffee, water, donuts, popcorn, an awesome little kids area with dvd's to check out...With my profession, I cannot be without a vehicle. Getting a loaner at Larry Miller was like pulling teeth. The first time I took my VW here, they offered me a loaner right away. There was a minor issue when I referred someone and they had to go through their special financing department and I was told I was not eligible for the $200 referral fee. When I later expressed my disappointment regarding this, they apologized and gave me the $200!! How is that for customer service???Buy here, you will NOT be disappointed. Do not be afraid if you have bad credit! The person I referred has just gone through a bankruptcy, and they were still able to secure fair financing. If you go based on my review, please tell them I sent you! I might even buy you dinner ; )
5	After shopping around Valley for a car and stopping at a variety of dealerships, I can't even being to explain what a relief it was to find Peoria VW. After one sleezy used car salesman after another (at other dealerships of course) I was ready to give up my search for a new- used car. When I read the reviews on Yelp I thought they had to be too good to be true. I was prepared to be disappointed. Bennett answered the phone and was friendly and personable. She assured me that the car would be ready for me to see when I got off of work. That personal touch was unlike any other dealership I encountered. Other dealerships tried to get me to commit to an appointment right away or pressured me to give my contact info. Right from the beginning, Ron Dosch made me feel welcome. He explained everything about the car without being too pushy or "salesy". He was patient and informative throughout the entire process. There was no pressure at all for me to buy a car I wasn't happy with. The finance department was equally impressive, as they worked with me to find an interest rate I could live with. Again, other dealerships I've dealt with played games trying to give me interest rates that I knew I didn't deserve or tried to bully me into new cars or additional service packages.I can't stress enough how much I will be recommending this dealership to everyone I know. It truly made buying a car a positive experience for me and is on a completely different level than any other dealership in the Valley.
4	the only problem that we had was it seems that parts and labor prices were on the high side. This is a used car and our first VW. Service wise other than the prices. This is a very friendly and attentive place for service. work was done in a very quick and professional manner. Great job guys, just not sure on pricing.
5	After visiting several dealerships, where I had to run and hide from creepy salespeople or where I was tired of rolling my eyes listening to their cheap sales lines, I read reviews on Yelp and decided to go to Peoria. Before I went I contacted them thru phone and their website- the response was immediate, conversation to the point and honest. The moment I came to their place I knew it felt right. Everything was resolved to my satisfaction. Though I didn't buy an expensive car- I felt valued as a customer. I felt that they care. Everything was - or felt -  transparent. People I worked with, the salesperson, the financial guy, manager, were just awesome!
5	Our sales person Phillip Vigarino was tremendous. He was super easy to work with and made the process of buying a new car easy. I would recommend this dealership and Phil to anyone I know looking to buy a VW, period. Phil and Troy the sales manager worked with us to get into the car we were looking for at the price we could afford.This past weekend I had to make a service appointment on my recently purchased Passat. The dealership waived the fee's normally associated with the repair because of my recent purchase. I know you guys are #1 for a reason not only because your sales staff is great including sales manager Troy but your service department is top notch. I believe I could see myself becoming a VW'er for life based on the service Phil and the other staff provided!Keep up the good work and when I am ready for my next car I will be giving Phil a call to set up a test drive!Thank you,Tyler D.2006 Passat
5	We just left and had the most amazing experience ever at a car dealership! I will recommend you to everyone. Our sales guy Jeff Leovic was the BEST!!!!!!!! We are looking forward to the call in the morning and driving away with our new car!
5	This is the way a car dealership should be.  I chatted with a salesperson online about a car in their inventory, and they were honest, upfront, and wonderfully pleasant.  I would love to buy a car from them, but sadly, it wasn't the one for me.
5	I bought my VW Passat back in May and I love everything about it except now I want the CC!!!!! That's next! If you want excellent customer service, this is the place to go! My car was spotless and ready to roll upon my arrival. The salesman took plenty of time with me to cover all the bells and whistles with me. Buying a new car is hard, but these guys made it super easy for me! My first maintenance check up was awesome! They went over everything in detail and answered any questions I had. All the while they were cleaning my baby before they handed over my keys and I was we'll on my way! :)Only suggestion I have.......test drive more so you can enjoy the experience longer and make sure you buy your exact dream car!!!!!
5	I recently bought my car here and wow! what amazing customer service. As soon as I gave them the call that I was ready to come in and sign papers they had my car clean and ready to go as soon as I got there. Following the purchase of my car I went in for the scheduled maintenance and they were kind enough to let me know that the wait time may be more than expected because of a potential recall, and they gave me the option to change my scheduled appointment. I will honestly refer them to any or all of my friends.
5	I leased a 2013 Volkswagen CC from Lunde VW in Peoria. Miguel Garcia was my salesperson and he was excellent. I traded in my Jetta and had all of my previous service done at Lunde VW because Chris Vernon was always on point and very helpful. Both Miguel and Troy took great care of me and after working with 2 other VW dealerships I guarantee that Lunde VW is the only dealer I will ever work with in the valley. As long as Lunde is open I will continue to lease or buy VW vehicles but the day they close is the day it will end for me. I expect with the level of service Lunde provides they will be around for a ling time and I will continue to own/lease VW cars for a long time. I also wanted to mention that Bennett was really helpful and always happy to see me on my visits in the leasing process. I work in the service industry and understand how important great service is even when the client is sometimes difficult, as I am sure I was a bit difficult. Thanks to the team!!! Lance M.
5	We bought two cars from Peoria VW this year, and had the best experience.  Ron Carter was our salesperson both times.  He approaches the sale exactly the way we like to shop for cars.  He offers a fair price the first time for the car and the trade-in.  No pressure, no haggling.  Love our Passat and our Jetta TDI, both with Fender Premium Audio!
5	By far the best car dealership I have ever had to deal with. I bought a 2012 VW Passat TDI there in March from Daniel. It was an excellent experience! He was extremely knowledgable, helpful and not the least bit pushy. I live in the east valley and I commute to have any and ALL work done on my two VW's in Peoria because of how great this dealership is. Period. Thanks Lunde's.
5	I've taken my 2004 VW TDI here for repairs and oil changes and so far I have found this dealership to be the best in service and overall experience. Everyone is very friendly and everything is fixed right the first time. I haven't compared prices, but if you want a place you can trust to do a good job this is your place. I'll be taking my Jetta TDI here with any of my VW needs.
5	This place was was excellent. I shopped them first because of their reviews on here and still shopped all the other dealerships around. Doug Luoma took great care of us and was extremely knowledgeable and showed passion for Volkswagen. He was able to answer all our questions and was very honest about everything. I am purchasing a 2012 Passat and I have to say I will probably go back for my next car and hopefully the others after. I highly recommend shopping this place first AND last!
1	Ended up being charged $36,000 for a $26,000 car. Found out not one penny of the $7,500 downpayment went towards the car. They are slimy with their dealings. They really dishonor the VW name. It's hard to believe VW would allow them to do these things.
5	I called to inquire about bringing my 2012 Golf TDI in for regular maint checkup and was told by Bill Grace to bring it in at your convenience, we will take care of you.  I then drove in and was greeted by Bill. He was professional, courteous and had a GREAT sense of humor; what a great way to be greeted.  He told me that it would be done quickly and showed me to the waiting area. He came back about 20 mins later and told me that it wouldn't be much longer and he just wanted to check and see if I needed anything and he offered me a bottle of water.  When my Golf was done he came to get me, told me about all that was done and then walked me to my vehicle that was waiting right outside the service door.  He took very good care of me and my Golf and it was all around just a great experience.  I live in Southeast Gilbert about 2 miles from the VW dealer but I will ALWAYS drive the 56 miles to Lunde's because in my opinion, you don't get any better than them.  From my first experience calling to inquire about buying my vehicle to coming in to purchase and then to service; Lunde's is top notch and worth the 110 mile round trip.  Hats off to you all for such a magnificent job well done.  Lunde's customer service is off the chart.  Thanks again Bill!
5	I contacted the parts department to get a battery for my Audi, refuse to deal with Audi Of Peoria (read my review), and Ted was great in helping me out. Ted knew exactly what I was talking about and got me the right battery. Great customer service. Thank you Ted and everyone at VM Lunde parts and service. You guys were great.
5	Bought a 2012 Passat. Great car, wonderful price. Salesman (Daniel) was awesome.
5	The only place to buy a Volkswagen . A pleasure doing business with them. We dealer with Jeff K in sales. He made it easy. The customer service from him was exceptional.Thank you,Kimberlee and Mark S.
5	Doug was a true pleasure to work with.  If you are looking for knowledge, passion, and simply a fiend  in the car industry, consult Doug.  Although I didn't come to terms on a deal it simply came down to my extraordinary specifics on what I was looking for in a pre-owned car.  If they had one on the lot that met my specific needs Doug would have locked it up.  I have never delt with a salesman with such class and experience as he possessed. Do yourself a favor and ask for him specifically if you are in the market.  I will continue to stay in touch with Doug as I'm sure we will work together on my next car, fast forward a few years.  5 stars without question.
5	I called for service and spoke with Bill.  We arranged a time to come in and when I arrived he was right there to greet me and knew who I was straight away. He told me that it wouldn't be very long and that he would be in to talk to me in a moment.  About 10 mins later he was in giving me the run down of what was going to happen and an approx time frame.  He offered me some water and asked me if I needed anything.  He came back about 15 mins before my car was going to be complete and told me what they found and what was going on.  He came and got me when my car was ready, had the technician explain again what the result was and then had me on my merry way.  I absolutely love to work with Bill for servicing my VW Golf TDI. He is professional, friendly, courteous, knowledgeable and just all around a great face for Lunde's.  There is not a business of any kind that gives customer service like Lunde's and that is why I will drive from Gilbert to Peoria and not go to the VW dealership 2 miles from my house.  They have NO IDEA what customer service is, Lunde's is #1.  Thanks Bill for everything, you are AMAZING!Anissa Schultz
5	About 8 months ago, I've bought a 2012 Passat. Peoria Lunde is conveniently close to my home, and in the past months I brought in my vehicle for scheduled service and several items that had to be replaced or fixed. Throughout my visits, I got to deal with most of the service consultants, including Neil and Kyle, but especially Keith Gallaway, who is the service manager at Lunde's. I was very impressed with the way Keith has been handling my issues with the car. He listened to every of my comment and remarks on the vehicle and made sure that the technicians checked the vehicle properly and if needed the necessary part got replaced. Especially with one issue that created a noise on the rear axle, Keith showed a lot of patience and understanding and made sure that the issue was resolved in the end. During my visits, I got to talk to the salesmen as well and had a chance to test drive some vehicles. It is very rare to find a dealership where the salesmen are not pushy and annoying. Lunde's VW is definitely one of them. Everyone in here will give you plenty of courtesy and space, and will not make you feel pressured into making a deal. I can only recommend this dealership and their service department. Oh, and the complementary car wash is not too bad either...
5	After the horrible experience I had at Chapman Volkswagen in Scottsdale, I decided to get my oil changed here. The service technician let me know that their synthetic oil changes were twenty dollars cheaper than what I was paying and he was very friendly. Plus, it could take two hours for me to get an oil change at Chapman while here it only took thirty minutes and they after they informed me that my battery was running low they took me out to the garage to show me on the meter what it was telling them. The most honest dealership I have ever dealt with.
5	My wife and I have driven and owned 4 Mercedes Benz, 1 BMW, 1 Infiniti, and 2 Lexus. I can honestly say I have never been as happy as I am with my 2013 CC. The ride, the responsiveness and fuel efficiency is unequalled, by all previously listed brands; the Volkwagen Brand is the best. I can honestly say I believe I am one of your most pleased customers. Thank you for all the attention to detail and the outstanding staff at Lunde VW.
5	Called on Friday AM with an question about a intermediate noise in the air fan. The service specialist scheduled an appointment for the following Monday AM at my request. Two hours later the issue was resolved, the car was washed, and the air pressure and fluids were checked and I was on my way home.Thank you the great experience.Denis
5	I bought a 2013 Jetta TDI at Lunde through the Costco Auto program. This process was similar to a fleet purchase deal. The pricing was no haggle and based on the invoice (below invoice). Doug Luoma was my sales person. Very nice no pressure guy. He walked me in to the service department and we spent quite a while with a technician getting answers to my technical questions. This was the best experience I have had purchasing from a car dealer. There was no pressure to buy add-ons either. I recommend this dealer if you want a VW or need service. The showroom has a nice collection of restored vintage VW's too. Very cool!
5	Beautiful VW dealership with collectable VW artwork and retro vehicles on display.  Everyone there was courteous and would say hello to you. Offers full service needs for your car.  For a simple oil change, you can get a thorough inspection and explanation, along with a complementary car wash.  They have a nice and clean lounge for you while you wait, filled with drinks, snacks and multiple flat screen TVs.
5	My husband got a flat and didn't have the key for the anti-theft lug nut.  They gave him a ride back to his car, switched out the tire and changed the lugs at no cost.  Great customer service.
5	I brought in my 2010 Jetta for an oil change.  The staff was AWESOME, fresh coffee, donuts, & fruit were available.  I settled in, expecting to be there for at least an hour as that has been typical for me to wait at other places in the past, even with an appointment.In about 20 minutes, the tech came in, said my car is ready & is being run through the wash.  I was so happy!Not only did they wash the outside, but they did the windows inside & even vacuumed!  OUTSTANDING!!!
5	Just a wonderful experience all around. Staff was super friendlu and no pressure. Jeff was mu sales person. Very highly recommended!
4	I recently leased a new VW Jetta from Lunde's Peoria after shopping around at a handful of other valley dealers . My salesman, Dean was wonderful and listened to what I was looking for and helped me stay within my budget. I truly appreciated the excellent customer service. It was refreshing to visit a dealership that didn't play games or engage in high pressure sales tactics. I would definitely recommend this dealership to anyone in the market for a new car.
5	I stopped in today as I was driving by I just asked if they could give me an oil change without an appointment and they did it. I did not have to wait very long and I found the customer service to be very good especially in the service department everybody was friendly and nice.  I love the Decour at this dealership and the amenities that they have. I bought my car from Larry Miller Volkswagen in Avondale but I definitely think this one is much better and where I will be taking my car to from now on :)Keep up the good work!!! Especially in the service department:) a+++++++
5	Nothing but good things to say about this place.1. First dealership I have come to for service and not felt like I was being taken to cleaners2. Prices very reasonable 3. Explained every repair I needed and were not pushy about things I turned down4. Coffee, fruit and donuts in the lobby5. Coupons available online6. Very fast service7. car wash after service was done8. Very clean grounds
5	We walked in and walked out with a car that fit our needs. No pressure, no hassle, no fast talk.If your looking to purchase a car anytime soon save yourself sometime and go here. Ask for Wayne Martin really nice guy.
5	I have been driving Volkswagens for over sixteen years now, so I knew I wanted to get another VW. I have been servicing at another Valley dealership and knew I would not enjoy the experience purchasing a vehicle from them. So I drove from downtown Phoenix, where I reside, to Peoria. I am pleased I went the "extra mile" to Lunde's Peoria VW.Daniel was a big help in making sure I was able to trade in my 2001 New Beetle for a 2014 Beetle. He was helpful and made sure to answer all my questions through out the process. I was very pleased with the no pressure experience. He worked within my budget and no haggling was needed at any point. I would absolutely recommend Peoria Volkswagen above all other dealerships in the valley. I love my "newer" Beetle and had a great purchase experience (and who ever says that about buying a car?!?!)
5	This used to be a Saturn Dealership and I liked them so much I kept on coming back.  This is a bit of a drive for me to get oil changes and car repairs.  I feel the service and pricing is very fair and the employees are all very courteous.  The dealership still sees a lot of their former Saturn customers.
5	Great dealership, I wish everyone was like them.I've bought three cars at this dealership over the last four years, and I've been treated fairly every single time.  They stick to their word, they respect their customers, and they will go out of their way to work with you for a sensible, if not sensational deal.The sales and service side of the business are both impeccable, highly recommended!
5	I'm the very happy owner of a new 2014 Jetta Sportswagen TDI. My entire experience at Lunde Peoria VW was without a doubt the best car buying experience I've ever had. The entire staff, in particular Bennett and Wayne, were professional, friendly, and very customer service oriented. I never felt pressured, nor did I have to deal with any of the slimy tactics used by so many dealerships I've dealt with throughout the years. Thank you, Lunde VW, for that!! I'm looking forward to getting my car serviced at the dealership and building a long term relationship with this dealership. Keep up the phenomenal work. Your edge is your customer service and honesty; sadly, that's not the common consumer experience, not just with car dealerships, these days. It's appreciated... Truly appreciated!
5	Negotiated purchase with Brennet of internet sales over the phone.  After a couple of calls and e-mails a perfect fit of the desired car was accomplished.  Since I live almost 100 miles to the north of the Phoenix area, I did not want to make multiple trips to the dealer.  After an agreed upon quote was received for the new car and my trade, I proceeded to purchase the car.     Upon arrival at the dealership, I was met by Daniel the assigned car salesperson.  Car was ready and we took a test drive and he explained features of the new car, all was good and proceeded to close the deal.  The actual purchase was a no drama experience, with no pressure to add anything to the agreed upon price.   Bottom line:  All went smoothly with the purchase and the internet search experience was the way to go. I would certainly chose Lunde's if I were to purchase a new VW again...this is my 3rd new VW and love it!
5	Awesome sales guys. not annoying and they don't try to trick you into buying anything. I service my car there also very quick and clean I love this dealer!
5	I had came in a couple days before to test drive an older 2008 Jetta , I then noticed that there was a newer lower mile one 2012 available and called Connie Dwyer to let her know I would come in to see it. She was very friendly and helpful. Once I came in she showed me to the car and we took it out for an extended test drive, I enjoyed it and never felt pressured to buy, once I did decide to buy she walked me through the process and made it all easy and even had a few good laughs. I never felt like I was going through the machine. I got great service and fast was in and out in 3 hours with my new Jetta. There was no slick sales moves and I got a great price, also great terms as they matched a lower interest rate I got from outside lending everyone from sales  and finance where friendly and helpful. Every question I could come up with was answered. I look forward to coming back for service.
5	Typically buying a vehicle is an extremely frustrating and draining process, and most would prefer to endure a colonoscopy than spend a day at a dealership endlessly haggling over the purchase details.  My experience at this dealership was nothing like this, it was auto buying nirvana.My wife and I were purchasing a vehicle for our teenage son and were looking at several of the dealers on Bell.   We pulled into Lunde's and were greeted by Miguel who was able to point out a few vehicles that would meet our needs.   We found one we liked and proceeded to test drive the car.   Now in my mind the war begins, armed with my smart phone and all the appropriate apps I looked up the value of the car.  Typically this is the end of the process, as the car is so overpriced it is not worth the effort (i.e. waste an entire Saturday trying to get the price down and then just leave).   To my dismay the car was priced in the low end of the KBB fair market value range.   I was confused, thinking I must have entered something wrong so I checked Edmonds, same result.   Still did not believe it, and double checked with Miguel making sure I had the correct vehicle.After our test drive we informed Miguel we would like to purchase the vehicle.  He asked if we would be paying cash, financing, how much down, etc...  We informed him we would be putting down 2,000 and would like to finance the remainder.  His next question was do you want to see just the final price of the car, or just payment options or both.   Again I was baffled and did not know how to answer, you mean you aren't going to bring out the sheet that has $6,000 down and a payment of $483 on a $10,000 vehicle?  I almost did not know how to answer, yet I asked to see the final price of the car, including all the fees along with payment options.Miguel returned in about 15 minutes with 1 sheet that had a complete breakdown of the price of the car, which included the price that was posted on the car, tax, doc fees and registration.   So again I was confused where is the $899 "shop service" fee, or the $599 charge for "Under Spray", or some other add on that would mean we have to start all over on the price of the car.On the same sheet he had some payment options based on an estimated interest rate, which he said was probably high as we have not ran your credit yet.   Again dumbfounded, you mean I won't have a completely unnecessary ping of my credit.So that was it the deal was done.  In under an hour we had selected a car, test drove the vehicle, agreed on a price as well as payment terms.   This has never happened in 25 years of buying vehicles.However as we all know the day is not over; still have to meet with the finance guy.  Of course he is going to try to scare you into buying an overpriced warranty, and who knows what else.  How many of you have heard this line - "You know the average repair bill on this car is $3,000"!   So again I get hyped up and ready to say no, no, no, .....Thrown for another loop.   We walk in the finance office and are presented one sheet with four options; the first offered everything they sell while the last was an "economy" version which offered an extended warranty along with gap coverage.   Included on that sheet was the new payment if we chose to purchase.  I get my phone out and start entering numbers into a financial calculator app so I could back into the price for the warranty and Gap coverage.  The finance person (sorry I forgot his name) just told me the prices (huh I said, no one ever does that).The warranty was a little too pricy, so we were going to just get the Gap coverage.  Without pressuring us he was able to find a different company on the warranty and cut the price in half, and also was able to obtain approved financing from a different lender at a lower rate.  Hence we were able to get both the Gap coverage and extended warranty for an extremely reasonable price.In summary I will definitely return to Lunde's and have already checked the trade in value on my BMW, as well as my daughters Jetta.   I have absolutely no regrets about the purchase as I am confident everything I purchased was fairly priced.   Again another first!  Thank you to the great team at Lunde's!
2	Not impressed. Sales staff talked trash about other VW dealers and were somewhat unprofessional. This was the manger too. Did not even want to work with me to figure a good price. We just ended up walking out and will never come back. Just typical scummy car sale people.
5	As a young woman, a car buying experience can be uncomfortable and intimidating. Despite my initial fears, I had a great time purchasing my new Jetta SE. The purchase price was much lower than I expected, the APR was extremely low, and their customer service was exceptional!! I was treated fairly and with respect. What a great dealership. I will recommend this VW dealer to anyone!
5	This was one of the BEST car buying experience I've had ever! We came here today just to look at the new beetles. There was such a great price on the exact beetle I was looking that we went ahead and purchased it. There were no dumb games, just straight up this is the price. No haggling. Just laid back. I didn't feel like I was in a shark infested tank! It was awesome. We were in and out in less than 3 hours with a car!! I couldn't believe it!! This is THE place to come for a new car. I'm so happy!!I had to add to my review. I'm even more amazed at this dealership. About a month after I got this car, they set me up for a little class to teach us more about our cars. It was pretty cool. I'm def impressed. I hope all my friends purchase their vehicles with this place! Oh and they even washed and vacuumed the car while I was at the VW class! How sweet is that?!
5	Sounds like a broken record but Lunde VW is a great dealership.  I've done service with them twice now (routine 10k miles and a more comprehensive 40k service + DSG) and they always did great work, had the best quotes, and when I wanted to look at a car just to scope it out I never felt like I was being pressured to do business.  Great people, I'll be back for as long as I drive VWs.
4	I am visiting my mum in Sun  City, needed an oil change for my 2012 Nissan. I was going to go to Pinnacle Nissan, read the low ratings on Yelp & decided not to. This popped up, with decent reviews & near Nissan. I pulled in, after a bit of an odd start (no on to creat us, ask what we needed) I found a tech, he handed me a clip board to fill out. I put our info, asked for oil change. I do love/appreciate the kid room. My little one & I played blicks. The cashier called us up, when ready. (cashier by the way, was a very sweet grandma type from IL) I was surpise to see no paper mats being used, no decal in window noting next service milage due or a complimentary car wash. I usually go to the VW/Nissan dealership by the house for service (& wash/vaccum is always included). I guess this dealership does things different. Overall it was an okay experience. For a no fluff simple oil change, yes I will recommend them. I will stick to my local place tho :) the little things are just so nice.
5	I brought my car in on Saturday after experiencing a loss of power on Friday evening. I was able to bring the car in and get checked in with my advisor quickly. He set me up with a loaner and told me he'd contact me Monday with what they found.I had expected to get the call Monday afternoon, maybe around noon if I was lucky. However, the call came in at 7:45am telling me that the issue had been found and the faulty part replaced.I came by in the afternoon to pick up my car and was able to get it and go quickly. My car had even been given a cleaning.
5	Our visits have always been good and we are always taken care of. Customer service seems to be at the top of your priority list.... Thanks
5	Pleasant staff, comfortable seating area, coffee, and doughnuts. Makes waiting on my car service bearable.
5	Being one of the newest entries in the hybrid market, VW Jetta was our choice after driving a Prius for a weekend and feeling lackluster about performance and tinny feel.  Didn't buy from Lunde's but wish we did.  Another valley dealer lied, pressured and charged for items not installed. Never went back.All warranty service done by Lunde's,  mostly due to the personal service from Bill in the service dept (and donuts in the lobby). I was even contacted by Keith after expressing a concern about service costs. I've had the car 13 months and have already racked up 42k. He set me up with their service club for extra savings. This is the 3rd new car we've purchased new (non VW) and the first time we've had a dealership service our needs. Love the hybrid and love Lunde's even more.
5	Who would have ever thought a car could be purchased in less than 60 minutes? From working out a deal on the phone with Bennet Foreman, and then meeting our salesperson, Jake Surby, and financial manager Nathaniel Fraley, we closed on the deal in less than 30 minutes, and they came in lower than the Tucson dealers! Jake took another 10 min or so to fully explain all the features of my '14 Jetta GLI and ensure my complete satisfaction. Brad Thompson, the sales manager, gave me his card, thanked me for buying from them, and said to call for anything. After a less-than-relaxing 2-hour drive from Tucson, I was immediately put at ease when Jake greeted us out front and then brought us into the showroom. It is obvious this is a family run business and not part of some huge conglomerate. Very relaxed atmosphere and no pressure for the extras. After this experience I realize that the Tucson dealerships (all makes) band together to stick it to their customers. Lunde breaks down all barriers and has one goal in mind; to make sure their customers are completely satisfied. By the way, Jake, who is only 19, demonstrated more knowledge about my car than the three salespeople I dealt with in Tucson, all of whom were in their late 50's. This young man has a bright future.
5	Wow!!!! There is actually an honest car dealership???? Holy smokes! Bought a Passat TDI from here over a year ago and I am so happy with the car and even more impressed with their service.My parents got jerked around by some other VW dealership on McDowell. I recommended they try Lundes. They too bought a car and LOVE this dealership.I now live in the east valley but will be returning to Lundes to buy a CC. 100% worth the drive for their service and honesty!
5	I gotta say, 2nd time was wonderful.  Not only did the gentleman do a really nice, detailed inspection.  After my oil change, he came in and asked if we had a few more minutes so he could have it washed. :) and he was very personable, chatted with my little girl and I. Got my car and not only did they run it through the wash, but it seemed vacuumed.  I am really starting to love this place for my Arizona oil changes. (Service did only set next oil for 3k, my 2012 actually per manual says 3750k, but no biggie, since I have a Nissan and this is a volkswagon dealer) I will be book marking them for my next trip here, next month.
5	I have a 2013 Passat TDI . I have had a 10,000, 15,000, and 20,000 service. All three were excellent and prompt as I waited in the customer waiting room and enjoyed a magazine, cup of coffee.The waiting area has very comfortable seating and has a TV also.I've owned Porsches, Toyota's, and Honda's before I purchased my 1st VW from Lunde. The service department is secound to none! I am so pleased with my Lunde VW (and thier service department) that I have already decided that we will purchase another VW when my wife is ready to buy a new car.
1	What an unfortunate and disappointing situation.  I've been struggling with the alignment of my brand new 2014 Passat.  I decided to take it to Peoria VW.  After the service advisor Dwanyne previously they told me the alignment issue was a known Passat issue and not much they could do (third time getting it aligned, two at other dealers) they aligned it under warranty.  I ended up calling VW corporate to check and they confirmed there were no known issues and no technical service bulletins (so they lied) called Peoria VW who requested I come back.  I scheduled an appointment online and received a confirmed email with Neil as my advisor, all as requested and notified VW corporate.  I arrived at my appointment.  Walked up to Neil and he didn't acknowledge me, a tech did and I confirmed my appointment was with him, Neil grabbed my previous service records out of my hand and walked me to another advisor, Dwayne.  He never acknowledged me.  Dwanye then told me numerous times I didn't have an appointment even after I told him I had an email confirmation on my phone I could show him.  He told me they couldn't work on it that day as it would take two hours and VW corporate wasn't open.  They couldn't do anything until Monday, it was Friday.  Their demeanor was as if I was bothering them.  I then determined to just come back, I had no choice.  I looked at the tv in the service area which was scrolling showing to the general public all the appointments that day and what car.  There was my name, scrolling, with my car, confirmed appointment, at the appointment time!!!! I pointed this out and he argued it wasn't on his screen, didn't care, and argued he didn't know what was on that screen but he goes by his screen.  He said, "do you want me to turn this screen around?"  It's on your big screen RIGHT THERE!!  He was unapologetic.  I was treated so poorly with a confirmed appointment. Drove from my home downtown and sent away.  I am baffled at their unwillingness to assist.  Don't make an appointment online, they won't honor it
5	We purchased our new 2014 Tiguan SE appearance package  at Lunde's. What a great experience! Jeff was our salesman. Service is great. Reminds me of back in Wisconsin: People treat you with respect,great customer service! Keep up the great work! DrSJC
5	The Service Manager Keith contacted me and worked directly with me.  He was understanding and acknowledged the concerns.  He took in my car and worked to make the corrections.  My car is fixed and no longer has alignment issues.  Definitely satisfied with their response and I will stay a customer.
5	This place is awesome sauce. My husband and I bring our VWs here for service and have always had GREAT experiences. My husband who is a sales manager and usually hates sales guys... He came home the other day and said "holy cow they are SO nice". Then he told be about how he was looking at the Toureg thing and the sales guy was super cool, knowledgeable and not at all pushy. That means a lot coming from my husband. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
5	I bought a 2015 VW Passat Wolfsburg.  Albert Mendez was very helpful and provided great service.  I enjoyed working with him a great deal.  I loved the fact he emailed the quotes to me and responded to text messages to answer my questions right away.  I hate spending the day stuck in a dealer showroom trying to buy a car.  It was one of the smoothest car buying experiences I have had.  I like working with this independently owned dealer rather than the giant multi-dealership companies.  This is the main reason I came to this dealer besides it being so convenient to my home.
