2	No so good. Loud, but when a band play's there you know of what does it matter?
4	The Dispensary is fun and a little funny.  It doesn't look like a lounge at all.  First of all, it had carpet.  Like, house carpet with a deep pile.  It has a working water wheel in the back.  Very interesting, in a different and fun way.It's a good little dark hovel.  Perfect to slip away to with someone else for a drink and some intimate conversation.  The burgers are cheap and pretty damn good.  The drinks are cheap-o as well.  Big booths line the walls that you can fold yourself up into and disappear from the world in.  But really?  Grandma carpet?  So weird!
2	The Dispensary Lounge gets two stars because they're trying, but they're trying in the wrong place.  Location, location, location, as any out of work Las Vegas realtor will lisp into your ear while downing his fourth double cocktail and muttering about credit crisis problems.  So you've got this cool quirky 24 hr dive bar lounge idea (camel hair shag carpeting and a water wheel!?!) with delicious burgers, and you put it...in a strip mall at Trop and Eastern?  Facing east so no one can see it?  Why don't you hide it under a rock out in the Mojave while you're at it.My suggestion is Get Out of the lease and move to one of the MANY vacant storefronts on East Fremont near Beauty Bar, The Griffin, and Downtown Cocktail Lounge.  That way you get the foot traffic from those places, plus any adventurous tourists from the downtown casinos.  Like, people from out of town would actually know you exist.  People with dollars.  Tired of Big Macs.  And it would be another step in the ever so slow downtown renewal.
2	This is hard to rate. Its 5 stars for Dive bar authenticity, but 2 stars for the trechiotomy I needed to get due to the cancer sticks blazin'. Holy effin' cigarette smoke batman Seriously this bar goes above and beyond Dive with the water wheel in the back.. If you drink Vodkas that have fruity flavors and such don't expect to order that at Dispensary Lounge. The thing is this place is a must see. However, if you're not someone who is just down to drink and smoke for the whole night you don't wanna be here, at least experience it for a hot minute, This is a must for a checklist for all things Las Vegas Dive.... I still can't believe the carpet.
4	It's going to be hard to believe but they have the best damn burgers in Vegas!!!!
4	Hmmm at first I thought I'd walked into my Aunt Wanda's basement, turns out it was the Dispensary. This place is whack, just like the other reviewers noted, the carpet is plentiful, the waterwheel is, well, large (just don't let them catch you spinning it, a stern talking-to will result), and the fake plant life is creepy. The food is pretty good and the drinks are affordable. Heck the bartender even looks like Kenny Rodgers and he has lots of bar magic, I'm sure that goes over well with the ladies. I've never been in here and seen more than two other parties so it's kind of a nice place to drink in seclusion. My star deduction is for the smoke smell, the carpet must be storing that just to release it into my clothing.Side note: The first reviewer mentions live music, there is definitely never any live music here.
4	Love the casual retro 70's atmosphere here! Shag carpets, wood-framed furniture, quaint and soothing waterwheel, comfy booths and mini white lights complete the cheesily charming vibe. The background soundtrack is set at just the right volume level to allow a conversation to bloom, with hip and retro cool selections (by my own "pushing-fifty" standards).  And the food is pretty darn good too ... Awesome fried zucchini was light and perfectly cooked, burgers are flavorful and cooked to order, and the succulent onion rings are a must try!   On the evening we were there, Danny, the chef, was also our server, and he had his hands full, but still delivered outstanding food with equal service.
4	Awesome  burger and grilled ham and cheese. Tasty onion rings. We will come back! Sorry for my blurry burger picture-I usually hate the blurry food photos on Yelp and now I am guilty of posting one! :(
4	I love this place! I'm doing an unheard of here and giving a place that has nary a vegan thing to nosh upon (despite a fairly extensive bar menu) 4 stars.  Why, you ask? 1st star - the shag carpet, 2nd star - the freaking WATER WHEEL, 3rd star - the super fun and friendly staff (especially the gentleman who works on Thursday evenings, a real old school charmer!), 4th star - the great prices and good pours on the liquor.  I have had a great time every visit here. It's such a random and different place to take people, unlike any bar I've ever been to decor-wise.  For bonus cheesiness, have your picture taken with your date prom-style in front of the water wheel!
4	I've heard the hip and the too-cool in Vegas talk down this place, but my girlfriend and I have been going here almost since we moved to Sin City in late 2007. Located in a nondescript strip mall near Trop and Eastern, this place is a time machine once you step inside.It looks, sounds and feels like a well worn neighborhood bar, and that's exactly what it is - only the quality of the drinks and the food far surpasses anything you might expect.And they have, without a doubt, THE best burgers and tuna melts in Vegas, hands down. I mean it, you have got to try them.The bartenders and waitresses are very friendly, they remember and appreciate return customers and the vibe in here is very warm.With shag carpeting, odd latice work, fake plastic plants, Vegas' only indoor water wheel (!) and an array of speakers drenching the place most Friday nights in a steady stream of '70s funk and dance, this place is as quirky as it is endearing. Lots of booth space surrounding an almost living-room-style space with chairs and tables in the center of the joint.For anyone looking for an authentic, neighborhood joint, you'd be hard pressed to find anything else in Southern Nevada like The Dispensary.Try it tonight.
4	This is my new fav place for a quiet night out with my girl, usually its not crowded, but the staff is great they serve food (never tried it) as My girl would say its got that "grandma's attic" feel to it, wood walls older furniture, drinks are not shabby and decently priced.
4	Ok So this is just a small update. I showed up there early yesterday and had there $3.95 burger I added Cheese $0.50 and it came with shoestring fries. it tasted great, fresh, thick, served on a french roll, the lettuce and tomato were fresh and cold as was the pickle spear. The Fries were also great and being in the culinary world i know it was fresh/clean oil they cooked them in.  The burger itself had a nice charred taste and as always the staff was friendly and the drinks cheap :)It turns out it was rated by playboy.com as #4 Best Dive Bar in the country. My girl and I love it here.
5	$3.95 for a 1/2 pound, juicy, delicious burger with shoestring french fries. . . how do you beat that? By serving up the most awesome mushrooms ever! Their fried mushrooms are huge, and crunchy, and perfectly cooked and just nomnomnomnom good. The staff was great, especially Danny and the bartender makes a great dirty martini!I've already raved about this place to a few friends, who went for the burger and loved it as well! This is going to be the new spot for us!
4	Dimly lit to the point that you will be sitting in the dark for a good five to ten minutes before your eyes can adjust. Do not worry because you will not  get robbed or shanked in that time. Maybe I am being optimistic and giving people too much credit, but everyone from the patrons to the staff are nice and tend to let you be. The atmosphere is nothing too impressive. The eclectic mix of white Christmas lights, plush carpet, a slow turning watermill, and fake flowers on vines felt haphazardly thrown together. The service is quick and straight forward. Unless you are a regular, or sit at the bar, you are left to your own devices. The music is at a reasonable level to where you can carry a conversation, but still enjoy the hits from the 80's and before. With that being said, the patrons were all in their late thirties, or beyond. That is not a bad thing, but I cannot imagine this to be a hot spot for hopping nightlife. Even so, the 1/2lb. steak burgers keeps drawing people back. The large juicy burgers are cooked to your desire temperature. In a world where most places will decide what is the appropriate degree to serve your food, I thank those who allow me to have my food, my way. The bare burger comes with lettuce, tomato, onions, and a slice of dill pickle. Bacon and other premium toppings (grilled onions and mushrooms) will run .75 and cheese will cost .50. With each order, you get a generous layer of shoestring fries on the bottom of each burger. Even if you went crazy, the burger would not be over ten dollars. This is the best deal for a quality burger. Is it a great deal for the price? Of course. Would it still be a good deal at $10? I think so. Fast food places charge more for an inferior product. Instead treat yourself to something better.For $20, my friend and I got a bar drink and a burger each. Cannot beat that. The honey mustard is delicious. I ended up using that more than the ketchup. Dipping my fries in it reminded me of my childhood and how I would only eat McDonald's fries with the sweet and sour sauce.
3	This bar has a water wheel.  Seriously.  A water wheel.  And I can't think of a single reason why.  But I love it.The dispensary is a neighborhood dive bar on East Trop with a water wheel in the middle of the desert . . . and semi-private booths . . . and shag carpeting . . . and cheap beer prices . . . and a cheap (mediocre) burger.  Service is slow, but the beer is cold and there's liquor.Dispensary Lounge is a little run down and dive-y, but the folks running the place are nice and welcoming.  The place is clean and has its own charm.  In a town of polished corporate spaces, it's nice to have a place with cheap drinks and a little odd character.It only rates 3 stars because the liquor selection is small, the beer selection is smaller and it can be 10 minutes after you finish a drink before you can get someone's attention and order another.  So two stars for the drinks and service and another one thrown in for the water wheel and shag carpet.
4	$3.95 for a bomb ass burger. This has become a usual spot for me.
5	This is the city, Las Vegas Nevada, in the mid 1970's a gem in the desert where gambling is legal, patrons are greeted by name, and you can get most anything you want with a fat handshake containing a folded bill. My name is Skacey, I carry a fond memory for the town that once was.6:12 pm. I make my way to one of the classic watering holes that remembers those years. The Dispensary has been in Las Vegas for many, many years. When it opened, the strip still had the Dunes, Landmark and Hacienda. The tragic MGM fire was still years away.This place remembers what was, and has remained true to that memory. Before there was Celine, there was Debbie Reynolds. Before Penn and Teller there was Melinda, the first lady of Magic. And before there was Cher, oops, nevermind.As for the experience today, I was enchanted by the wheel, comforted by the carpet, and delighted by the service. This is not some faceless chain bar that stamps out a clone on every corner. The propriator still walks the floor and spends the time to not only greed her guests, but make them feel like a member of the family. That, my dear friends is what we once had in Las Vegas.The food is glorious and mysteriously low priced. If you use a credit card, there is a minimum charge of $20. In most bars in the valley, that's two drinks. Here, you can eat a large meal, have some drinks, and likely invite a friend before you hit that minimum.The bottom line, you should come see what started this decadent mecca in the sand. Places like The Dispensary make up the fabric of what holds Las Vegas together. Try it out, if you find that it doesn't match your tastes, you can always go to one of those clone bars.
4	Charbroiled burgers and fries the best in Vegas!
4	Enjoy the carpet, but don't take your shoes off.Dispensary feels like drinking in your grandpa's basement.Love this place for the atmosphere, the lighting and the music.Be concerned about the inconsistent service and lack of selection.TIP: Go for cocktails, not a beer spot.The food is typically excellent, so much so, that my favorite thing on the menu is the Tavern Ham & Cheese, a basic, however elegant dinner.A recent Saturday night featured a live jazz band and some lively locals.We also face an inundated and scattered server. it was honestly more effective to get up from our table and get out drinks from the bar.This used to be my go to spot 2 years ago, however, every time things change, it takes a while to adjust.
4	If you can get past all the smoke then you my friend are in for a treat. Its a cozy spot with an old vegas feel. What a dope spot to hang out, grab a great burger and beer for under $10. Tom, one of the bartenders had some classic Rat Pack playing.. NIce! They have this interesting waterwheel that's apparently been goin round n round for decades.. While it seems like they usually only have handful of people on hand and running at a bare mininum of workers, service is steady and never really skipped a beat. Live music during certain Fridays and the weekends. Last week they had Skip Martin formerly of Kool & the Gang and a jazz vocalist a few weeks ago.. but oh damn but that steak burger.. That burger is so money.
4	Coworkers and fellow Yelpers rave about this "burger" joint.  At least that is what I thought "the Dispensary" was, until I drove up and saw no windows and that the burger joint is actually a lounge.No big deal, I was still there to get some great tasting burger that is priced at a terrific value at $4.95 + $0.50 for cheese and $0.75 for bacon, grilled onions or mushrooms upgrade options.  The burger was definitely way better tasting than the average fast food chains.  It is not a fancy burger by any means, just one that is prepared expertly and packed with flavor.  The service was good.  The food came out fairly quickly, and the waitress checked up on us regularly.  The entire experience was just great.And while I was there, early evening on a Monday night, it wasn't smokey as stated in Nelson's review.  So that was a plus.The carpet was a surprising feature in this lounge, which is pretty cool.  But I still fought the urge to go bare foot in this establishment.Looking forward to the next burger excursion.
5	It pays off stalking other yelpers. LOL jk. I've noticed a bunch of check ins to this place over the past couple weeks so had to check it out for myself. I use to live right around the corner, saw it but never thought of going in. I use to walk pass it all the time. Power of yelp brought me here. $3.95 for a 1/2 pound char-burger cooked to your liking came with lettuce, tomato, onion, and wedged pickle between a great tasting bun. The burger also came with fries. I added mushrooms for $0.75 extra but you can also add bacon, cheese, or onions for extra charge. I wonder if they'd fried an egg. I'll find out tomorrow LOL. They'll also bring small bowls of mayo, ketchup, and my favorite honey mustard. If you throw all of that together hands down one of the best burger in town. I loved it. Oh so yummy.Love the decoration, nice chill spot. Service was excellent, food came out quickly and I was always checked on. When I came in there was only me and another person. Throughout this late lunch it started filling up and server kept giving excellent service. Funniest moment was when she spilled some of the change on the ground at my table and she jokingly said see I even dropped to my knees for you or something in that line. LOL it could've gone different ways with that. 5 star for service, for food so what I only had the burger, and for decoration. I'll be back.if you're paying with your card and your total is less than $20 you can still pay but they're gonna have to charge your for $20 and give you the change.
4	What can I say I love burgers! A whole new take on fast food burgers. The STEAK BURGER is a must! Try it with all the works you won't be disappointed. For the price and quantity you get nobody can beat..
4	Totally chill, with strong mediocre drinks and awesome burgers.  We've been there a couple of times and it wasn't packed either time.  Live jazz performed now and then, which adds to the great mellow vibe.  The burger is ridiculously cheap and excellent; the rest of the menu is still inexpensive but we haven't tried any of it to know how good it is.  Definitely a go-to when you just can't cope with the Strip or *another* pub/sports bar.
4	Love it! No smoke (which is rare for a dive bar in Vegas), good food, and an awesome atmosphere which looks like it hasn't changed since '76 - yup that's when it opened too. The bartender has worked there since '78, so I've been told. No games, like pool or shuffle board, just good old fashioned food drinks and conversation!
5	My fellow boozers,I am in love. Not with a woman. Not with a man. Not with myself, and not with a stripper. No, none of that for me. . .I am in love with a bar. This bar. What's that, you say? In love? With a bar? Why don't you marry it then?Maybe I will.Seriously though. Everything about this place is everything it should be and nothing that it shouldn't. The ambiance is fantastic. It's dated, but well maintained and clean. They have a water wheel and carpet for Christ's sake! I daresay there's almost a bit of a mid-70s classiness to it. Well, a mid-70s something, that's for sure. The people there are so effing nice I just want to give them all one big hug. Drinks are good and cheap. Sloe gin is a plus. And, don't even get me started on those burgers. First of all, $3.95. Can you say win? They're huge, delicious, they'll cook mine rare, and these truly are up there with the best burgers in town. For three dollars and ninety-five damn cents! I don't know what everyone is saying about no smoke, because there certainly is smoke. Smokey smoke smoke smoke. Fine for me; I contribute to it anyway. I have not attended any of the jazz, but apparently it's pretty rockin' every now and again when they do that. In summary: Every day that goes by in which you've yet to visit Dispensary is a day you've wasted. You've heard of rueing a day, right? Well, my friend, you'll rue every single day of your life that did not involve a stop here.
5	Last week was national Cheeseburger day and I totally spaced it out. I found myself critically low on a cheeseburger. I knew I had to make up for missing time from the food holiday. What would I do? Go find a new place and be possible disappointed on my make-up national day. Or go for the best place I know that I feel has the best Cheeseburger in Las Vegas. The Dispensary Lounge in Las Vegas offers a 1/2 lbs. steak burger for just $3.95 with fries! Close to the strip and plenty of free parking. The Dispensary Lounge has a look that could remind you of a place you would see in a movie. When you first come thru the swinging saloon doors its like being in a ultra cool lounge that are reserved for just the Las Vegas locals that are in the know of a locals old school favorite! Its sexy shag carpet and working large waterwheel give it a feel an look that you will always remember. The daily special on burgers is inside the Bar lounge. Regardless of the name of the lounge. They have the perfect prescription for the Cheeseburger craving.  The menu has a few house favorites, but today I was there for the Cheeseburger and just the Cheeseburger. I ordered one Charbroiled Cheeseburger. Today wasn't very busy for 2pm. My Cheeseburger was ready in about 10 minutes. In the meantime I enjoyed a nice lounge booth seating watching the NFL highlights, and reflected on the fact that there's no other place I'd rather be living...... then in Las Vegas. The Burger Business... The Beef: Black Angus  The beef in the Cheeseburgers at The Dispensary lounge was cooked to perfection.  The Medium Well, 1/2 pound patty taste takes me back to that scene in Pulp Fiction. "Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast." When you read Pulp Fiction movie quotes, you can almost hear the voices of the actors inside your head!Nobody can forget the scene where Jules Winnfield (Samuel Jackson) practically devours a quarter pound burger in Pulp Fiction. "Mmmhmm This is a tasty burger" You too could say the same thing with your first bite. The flavor was mildly seasoned and..............that was it...just mildly seasoned beef with an appetizing charbroiled aroma. The flat, uniformly round burger patty was juicy. The Seasoning: Very light. That's a keeper.  The Sear:  The Charbroiled Cheeseburger patties are  charbroiled. They were emblazoned with paltry, grill marks. Which gives an interesting texture or flavor to the lightly seasoned beef. The Preparation: It's an easy call to assume that the burger patties at The Dispensary are made fresh daily. The preparation is simply onto a grill and cooking them made to order. The Cheese: The menu promised Cheddar. But here you have five choices American, Cheddar,Mozzarella, Jack, and Pepper Jack. What I  got on my Charbroiled Cheeseburgers was Mozzarella. The cheese was deliciously smooth and creamy, mozzarella is very versatile. It contributed with every bite. There's a nice size layer of Mozzarella on this Steak Burger.  I obscured with the cloyingly secret sweet mustard sauce, that I enjoy all by itself, but I still bring on the mayo, and ketchup in a handsome condiment caddy. The Bun: The Dispensary prided itself on serving its burgers on a toasted garlic bun. The bun was perfect, as expected. It compressed when handled. The flavor was lightly buttery garlic and moderately yeasty. The buns were adequately toasted on the edge, so there was crunch in the first bite. The Meat To Bun Ratio: One to one. This was even. The Fries: The fries were good. They were properly golden, crisped, and seasoned. They also have Onion rings too. Bring a friend one can have fries you can have onion rings and share. The Toppings: The Iceberg Lettuce leaf on the Charbroiled Cheeseburgers has just came off the lettuce head fresh. The tomato slices were also fresh and juicy. The red onion slice is crunchy with a bite. You can also opt. for grilled onions. Also a Sweet large Pickle wedge. For a little extra you can upgrade with bacon and mushrooms. The Value: I walked out of The Dispensary Lounge just spending 8 bucks for having purchased one 1/2 lb Mozzarella cheeseburger, a basket of fries, and a cravat of sprite soft drink. It also included tipping out the bartender and the cook. The Steak burgers were $3.95. Your always winner at that price.This burger experience at Dispensary is not my first time I have been a customer since 1988. It's led me to further believe that there's only one place for excellent burgers in Las Vegas NV. Burger Review: Great Price + Great CheeseBurger = return of happy customers forever at The Dispensary Lounge Las Vegas Nevada.
4	Price alert! Price alert!The famous $3.95 for a 1/2 pound steakburger with fries has been upped to $5.95!Just my luck that the places I decide to finally visit for the awesome prices, no longer have those prices!  From Rani's, Sage at Aria, and now this...I need to hurry and jump on the bandwagon while these places have those awesome prices.Anywho, we really enjoyed our lunch here today.  The carpet was indeed cool.  The water mill was very serene.  The smoke, not so much, but it is a lounge after all.  I want to share a quick story.  Waitress (W): What would you like to drink?Me (M): Is the tea freshly brewed?W: Yes.M: Is it sweetened?W: No.M: Do you have agave nectar?W: No, but we have sugar.M: Do you have mango lemonade?W: We have lemonade.M: Umm, what other drinks do you have?W: Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Sprite, Ginger Ale..M: Oh, what brand of Ginger Ale?W: The one that comes out of the box.M: I will get the Ginger Ale then.W: Ok, what would you like to eat?M: I'll have the Patty Melt with six slices of pickles.W: It comes with a pickle spear.M: I like 6 slices of pickles.W: Oh ok.My bf had to remind me that this is not a typical restaurant...it's a LOUNGE!  Oops, my bad.  I honestly didn't mean to be complicated.  The food came out and they were delish!  My bf had the famous, now $5.95 burger, with a slice of American chesse ($.50) and bacon ($.75) and I had the patty melt for $6.95.  I was full off of half of that patty melt.Our bill came out shy of $20, but our waitress took our card and gave us back the change since it's their policy not to run cards for less than $20.  In summary, we would come back.  It's pretty cool!
3	This bar looks like it just stepped out of the late 70's and I like it. They're lunch special is the s  steak burger. It's well cooked and the fries are crispy and delicious. Cheap eats at it's best!
3	This review is a bit late as I just realized that I never submitted a review for our visit here. It was just not that memorable I suppose so it sort of just slipped my mind. I have read the recent reviews and it appears the prices have gone up for their famous burger. When we dined here back in September it was still 3.95 for a burger and add .50 cents for cheese which is a must have on a hamburger!It is a small old school 70's style lounge, very laid back and dark inside with a bar and a section with booths and tables to dine at. If you do not like or can not tolerate the smell of heavy smoke than you may want to skip coming to dine here, just an FYI. The service is fine and prompt, the prices were good at the time, and the food was simple and tasty. I also enjoyed dipping my french fries into the honey mustard sauce they provide table side. Our tab was about $15.00 for two cheeseburgers with fries and two drinks. I enjoyed my cheeseburger and fries however my boyfriend was not crazy about his at all, and complained of a greasy stomach ache shortly after we left. :(If in the area I might stop by for a cheeseburger however I would certainly not make a special trip to the east side of town like we did on this occasion.
4	Wow what an awesome Cheese Burger!! I came here on the basis of the reviews of the 1/2 lb. burger and the reviews sure did live to their expectations. As you walk thought door you immediately get the local dive bar feeling. The decor was a little off from Christmas lights, to the retro carpet, to the water wheel in the back, But all that ran through my head was "Cheese Burger". As we sat we immediately ordered drinks and noticed the advertisement for their 1/2 lb burger. From reading the reviews it looks like the price of the burger went up a dollar but at $5.99 with fries this burger was well worth it. You can choose from many toppings and different types of cheeses, I ended up ordering bacon which was an extra 75 cents with traditional American cheese. The burger was very juicy and cooked perfect just the way I like it with slight pink. The pickle spear complimented the burger perfect as it cut through the fatty richness of the burger. I've had quite a few burgers from local spots here in Vegas and this was at the top of that list. If you can get past by the slightly smokey dive bar environment I recommend coming here to get one of the best tasting burgers here in Vegas.
3	If you're looking to walk in a time machine and end up back in "old Vegas" then the Dispensary Lounge is the perfect place to go. This is vintage Vegas at it's best. I expected a dirty old smoke filled lounge with bad music and old tables. What I got was a well kept, relatively classy feeling joint. Well, it felt classy until the food was served on paper plates with plastic silverware. We decided to hit this place up after a UNLV basketball game. It was Friday night and they had a lounge act playing towards the ladder part of our meal. Prior to that they had the classic sounds of Sinatra playing throughout the venue - loved it! The reviews were spot on, the burger special is a great deal - even at the newly inflated price of $5.95. Cooked to perfection, juicy, not too much seasoning. Everything I look for in a burger. I was a little disappointed that the promo material advertising the burger shows it served on an onion bun, yet it was served on a normal sesame seed bun. As mentioned above all food is served on paper plates, definitely classes down the joint. Some of the others in our party chose to go a different route than the burger. So we got to try a little taste of everything. As an appetizer we had the potato skins. They were good, but horribly overpriced given the quantity and quality. Same can be said for the chicken strips that one person ordered ($8 or so without fries) and the Nachos. Everything was decent quality, but if you're not ordering the burger special you're not getting a lot of value at the Dispensary Lounge. I find it hard to justify charging the prices they do while serving food on paper plates. I would probably rate this place a star higher if it wasn't for the paper plates (I know, I've mentioned it 900 times, but seriously..).I'll be back to have the burger again, but probably won't venture past that. I would like to try a night of drinks at this old time establishment.
3	I see a lot of yelpers saying this is old Vegas, I dont disagree but its more like 70's west coast. Everytime I come here I think I stepped into a 3's Company rerun, and stopped by the Reagle Beagle. Pros- great atmosphere (older women in revealing outits tending bar, shag carpet, water wheel, smooth rock), decent burgers, good video poker selectionCons- a bit expensive for a bar in this area, sometimes vagrants come wandering in bothering patrons, you will definitely get hit up for money by someone in the parking lot and while I dont mind lending a helping hand it gets a bit much
4	Jennifer and John are awesome, and they alone are reason enough to kick it here.  But there's more:  the flooring is thick 80's-style carpet, which just feels good and smooth, live jazz bands play on Friday and Saturday nights.  I hear good things about the grub, but the menu looked like typical bar fare.  Nothing there for there for those of us who seek to eat healthy or veggie, but solid for drinks and entertainment.
5	So apparently my mother and my half brothers dad used to come drink here - around 1980.  Plus there's shag carpet thicker than lambs wool, cheap drinks, and a giant water wheel that spins ad nauseum while you're enjoying your beverages and socializing.  Do you really need to know more?Hipsters and bar aficionados alike will enjoy.
5	This was the second stop on todays Dive Bar tour . . . and it did not disappoint.  The interior atmosphere was great . . . drinks and refills came promptly and were tasty and cold.  The Place was filled with with about six locals who took us under their wing and made us feel right at home.Definately . . . worth the stop.
5	I have visited the Dispensary Lounge twice, most recently last Saturday night.  I have been to thousands of restaurants and bars in my time.  This is, without question, my favorite place in the world.I know that sounds a bit extreme for a place that is by all standards unpretentious -- only one step up from a dive bar really.  But that's exactly what I love about this place.  Visitors are treated warmly, the surroundings are comfortable, the food, such that there is, is extremely good and very inexpensive, and the music on Friday and Saturday night is as good as it gets -- if you like jazz.Specifically, this place has the decor of the 1970s, complete with a waterwheel and a small stage that seats about ten people.  It is surrounded by extremely comfortable lounge chairs and a four or five tables and chairs.  There is a bar counter that borders one side.  The owner takes an active role too -- straightening tables, making sure the place is clean, and the patrons well served and comfortable!The two nights that I visited, both Saturday nights, music started at 10:20 PM or so.  There was a great jazz trio with a female singer -- playing modern straight ahead versions of jazz standards.  The trio was great; the singer was great.  I was eating a $5.99 1/2 pound hamburger and fries and drinking a beer, having a ball.  After about 30 minutes a heavy-set young man with long somewhat straggly black hair, looking like nothing more than a Magic or strategy game playing teenager, got up on stage, unpacked a clarinet, and blew some of the most amazing solos I'd ever heard.  They played until 2AM.Bottom line, after an evening of playing poker (my reason for being in Las Vegas) and before an all night session, this is without a doubt my favorite place to park myself for a few hours on a Saturday night.  No cover, no minimum, inexpensive and great burgers and fries and beer, and the best music west of New York City -- there's no place better!
4	Love the burgers and the chatty service. My wife and I know we can always swing in and have a great burger at a great price and a witty conversation with Booby. One of our favorite neighborhood bars. Love the water wheel inside and hope to get in on a weekend to hear some live jazz.
5	This was a cool trip back into the 80s. Cheap beers and shots. Pound-for-pound, the $6 steakburger is one of the best in city. The homemade mustard was tangy and delicious. The Xmas lights and wall-to-wall Berber carpet simply push it over the top. DL is nice spot before a UNLV game.
3	The burger was good. Fries are good.  The place is small.. and the decor and furniture  hasn't been updated since the 70's. Also the whole bar is carpeted which I found wierd.
5	This place is one of my favorites in town to get a cocktail, see live jazz. Perfect first date place or go alone and sit at the bar. Excellent food !
4	One of my new favorite neighbor hood bars. Gaming and open 24hrs a day. Also live entertainment Fridays and Saturdays. This place takes "quaint" to a whole new level. Cutely decorated and very easy to get too. The owner Adel is one of the sweetest ladies Ive ever met also. The bartenders/waitresses are great you couldnt as for more from your local bar.
4	I had to try the famous burger, so we hit Dispensary Lounge for lunch on a weekday.  It was nearly empty, one only guy playing video poker at the bar.  Another couple walked in after about 20 minutes.  The ambiance, as many other yelpers note, is fantastic.  I told my wife I felt like I was in a cool comfortable basement.  Even though I had never been there, I immediately felt comfortable.  The water wheel and the shag carpet are big time.To eat, I had the burger with cheddar, bacon and grilled onions.  As many note, they actually cook your burger to your desired temp, and it was JUICY.  So juicy the bottom bun basically became one with the burger patty.  The bacon was average, as were the onions.  I will say about the onions, you get a lot of them in an order.  The fries that come with the burger are standard shoestring fries, but mine had pretty much no seasoning.  They bring a chilled condiment holder with ketchup, mayo, and honey mustard to the table.  The honey mustard is legit, it's sweet, but doesn't lose the "zing" of mustard.The wife had fried mushrooms, which were too large for my taste.  I think they should cut the mushrooms in half, then fry them so they are a little easier to deal with.  Served with homemade ranch, which was good, and cheese sauce, which was okay.  It is a large order, we did not finish them.I'd say the food is about 3-3.5 stars.  The service and ambiance bring it up to the 4th star.  So did the music, some great classic stuff.  We had a great lunch in a cool atmosphere.
5	I've been back twice since I wrote this review.  Same great food; same great music.  I can't recommend this place highly enough.
2	I don't get what people see about this place. The cheap burger is now $6 and is decent, nothing to write home about. The place is small, and was a bit smokey when I walked in. Had a beer and it was served in a 6 oz. glass?? Really tiny - get a bottle if you're drinking beer. The carpet throws you off a bit and you definitely get a Grandma's living room vibe but I DEFINITELY wouldn't hang out here for any extended amount of time, boredom settled in fairly quickly. I was really expecting a lot more with all of the awesome reviews of this place. If you are looking for a quick bite, some age 40+ conversation, then head over to the Dispensary. Final judgement: meh.
5	This is, hands down, my dad and my favorite burger place in Vegas! We always come here.My all time favorite are the onion rings. Best I've ever had. And the steak burgers are amazing and super cheap. I've never had such great burgers for such a great price. Just a buck or two more expensive than fast food places and better than any other expensive burger place (like smashburger, etc.) Staff is super awesome, they have always been great to us. (Though the chef always seems to mix up who got what toppings.)The place is always quiet too. Great place to relax and meet someone up. The only thing is that it is a much older place so if you are young you might not find this place visually pleasing. But if you're all about great burgers this is the place!
3	I've wanted to try this place for awhile since I've seen yelp reviews on it. I knew it was a bit of a dive before going. I loved the atmosphere, the shag carpet, the dark booths. The food was just OK. I had the BLT and the bread was over buttered which was too bad because the other parts of the sandwich were OK. My husbands bread was the same way. Good prices, good atmosphere, just OK food.
5	My experience here was perfect. Service was fast and frequent, the atmosphere was great. There is was also some great love music, Somthing that Is is becoming rare in the 21st century.
2	Well after reading comments about the burgers here my husband and I decided what the heck. We both just so happen to be burger enthusiasts. Once we entered the building,which wasn't inviting we sat ourselves and a woman behind the bar let us know she would be with us shortly. Once she came to take our order she returned shortly with our burgers. They were tasty and decent size for the price. The real issue here wasn't the decor, the smoke, or the food. The service was touch and go. The waitress or at least the woman who took or order sat and started playing video poker without saying who would continue to serve us or where to pay. Ten minutes later when the next tables food is delivered by a man he asks if we are ok and we respond "yes. Were also done. " he walked away grabbed the check and then dropped it. Didn't come back....we assumed we should just go to the bar. In the end, don't assume people know your what are thinking and just because it's a bar doesn't mean service should go out the window.
5	Been to this bar several times and it has been great. I enjoy the atmosphere. There is a giant water wheel and nice seating in the center of the bar. Great for a more intimate date. Very quiet and nice in there. The food has been outstanding. The burger was cheap but quality was superb. Drinks aren't that bad either. Some people complain about the service. Yes, it can take a bit to get served, if you aren't up near the bar. Friend and I waited a little bit to be asked if we wanted drinks, but we didn't mind because we were partially obscured by where we were sitting and we were having a good time. Who I think was possibly the owner got our drinks. When he came back around and we asked for the check, he told us not to worry about it and said Merry Christmas. I was so taken aback by this nice gesture. It was only two drinks but it was so nice for him to do. Left a thank you note and ten dollar tip (that's all I had in cash, would have left more if I had had it.) This place is a great little relaxing bar. Definitely not a dive bar, and I don't leave there smelling like an ashtray like I do when I leave other bars like PT's or Rum Runner. Definitely give this place a shot!
5	Excellent place! The service and food was excellent, and there was great ventilation for the people like me that hate the excessive cigarette smoke that bars are notorious for. I especially liked the lounge chairs in the center; it gave the place a cozier feel. The saloon doors cracked me up and made me feel like a gun slinger, and the random water wheel was pretty rad too; you don't see those often in bars/restaurants anymore. Great prices, chill atmosphere. I recommend this place for sure!
3	Rip rip ripping through my bookmarks.... I've driven by Dispensary Lounge a hundred times and never thought to stop by. So, I was really surprised that so many of my Yelpie friends had reviewed the place, as the Eastside isn't the swankiest spot in town. The place is a dive, I wouldn't call it a 24-hour Nevada-style pub, because I take great pride in "Nevada-style pubs" but it's the of the same vein, a 24-hour joint, that has gambling machines inside and cheap grub. It's run-down and divey than most. Everyone raves about their hamburgers. They're ok. ALERT! THEY RAISED THEIR PRICES TO $6. But it's still a helluva deal. You get a thick, juicy patty with fries and you can add toppings for 75 cents (I think premium toppings cost more, but I'm not sure about that). I live really close by but I doubt I'll come back, even at those prices. It's a good burger but the place is too divey and Vegas is a burger-town. There's just too many good burgers in this area.
3	If you find yourself in Vegas with nothing to do and want to see how the locals escape, this is the spot to go. The floor is carpeted, which gives it a very unique vibe.
5	Quiet place with dim lighting, cozy atmosphere, nice background music, friendly staff, open 24 hours. Always great food at very reasonable prices! Great place for first dates for singles.
4	This is a nice little spot for some good and cheap food. I was expecting something totally dive-y. But it's actually rather nice inside and not at all what I was expecting. It's small with a bar area and then a couple of booths and tables. There's also a giant water wheel adorning the far wall.The bartender was clad in what almost seemed like a lingerie nightie, which totally didn't fit the vibe or decor. But hey, that's all part of its charm I suppose. The bartender was super nice, friendly, and attentive - definitely took good care of me.The patrons sitting a booths, however, seemed to be annoyed with their server - who definitely seemed less than charming.The burger was an excellent deal and after reading so much about it, I couldn't pass it up. It wasn't the best burger I've ever had, but for the price, it was incredibly delicious. And the fries were good too. And I loved that the condiments included a house-made honey mustard.All in all, I had a pleasant lunch experience here and will definitely be back.
1	Tried to go there today because we had heard that the burgers were awesome.  We drove up and the outside looked nice, so we thought we give it a try.  Unfotuntely, when we opened the front door the smell was overpowering.  The air was so thick with cigarette smoke that had probably been there for  years that it was sickening.  We thought maybe they had a separate room for eating, but found the booths were in the area with the bar.  We were really disappointed, but didn't want to leave there with the aroma in our hair and on our clothes.  Most of all, I have asthma, and would have had ann attach before i got out of the pace.  :(
5	Good cheese burgers, cheap drinks. They have a water wheel!
5	Came here last week love the live jazz and food great 70, s throwback feel. Tonight here to listen to jazz singer ronnie rose he is an awesome singer got his album. If you don't have it you can get it at a harmony nail spa in commercial center
1	I don't know how most of these reviews can NOT mention the stench in this place.It is awful.  How can anyone eat in a place that smells so bad?Only God knows what's going on in the kitchen? You're crazy if you eat here. Don't care how cheap the food is, it's not worth getting sick from unsanitary conditions.The place lists itself as a Dive Bar, that would be correct.  Old and funky (not in a good way).  Does Dive Bar mean you can't use some bleach and pine sol to disinfect the place? It's filthy.  The best part about it was a jazz singer Michelle Johnson, she's great.  I will never return to this place but I'll keep an eye out for Michelle in other cleaner establishments
4	best burger in Vegas? Maybe? It at least is the cheapest and if you want it at 2am while listening to amazing live jazz.
3	$5.95 1/2 lb burger and fries. Good taste and many cheeses to choose from (extra charge for cheeses). Just the right amount of salt on the fries. They make their own honey mustard which comes out with mayo and ketchup.Jazz plays on the weekends (some weeknights) and gets really busy. Good entertainment and cheap drinks.
4	We had such a great time here last night. Live music on Friday and Saturday nights, cheap drinks and the burgers are awesome. Get some onion rings because they come with peach ketchup!
4	The best thing about this place is the music....the food is good and inexpensive but if you like good, classic jazz music this is the place. No cover or minimums; no pretentious people just come and enjoy!
4	I was wowed on a few levels... I have been looking for a Jazz bar for a bit and had to check this place out. Live jazz singers ans musicians on Wed, Fri, and Sat. Yes these are quality performers! I heard some great performances of classic songs and some original material. The live music starts at about 10:30pm on Fri and Sat and goes till about 2am with a couple short breaks between sets. They have a good drink selection and the prices are very reasonable. If you get a little hungry, as I often do when having a few drinks, they have a number of things to choose from. The bartender and waitress were friendly and accommodating.The atmosphere is relaxed and although the place gets a crowd, its not too packed as to become disruptive to listening to the great music. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because of the positioning of the stage... The musicians are kind of tucked back in the corner and hard to see.
