5	So happy to have my favorite sandwich shop in town!!!! Potbelly finally has made its way to AZ from Chicago. These are the things to know about Potbellys.1. Peppers - This is my number one for them. Get the peppers!! The Potbelly peppers are by far tops to other establishments and will enhance any of their creations (besides the pb&j)2. Bread - I always opt for my bread skinny (gutted so it more like the crispy crust without the fluff)3. Chicken Salad - The best chicken salad sandwich I have ever had! That is saying a lot. I have had Stage Deli and even Katz's. (Make sure you get the peppers!!)4. PB&J - I have actually flown from Chicago with one of these in my briefcase and ate it hours later. Yeah, the old school days of jelly soaked bread!!!5. Service - Fast and always friendly!!!Welcome to AZ Potbelly!! The one thing AZ needed, and it's doesn't need a lot, is a great sandwich place with tons of options!!!
4	On opening day, I anticipated a long wait. When I arrived in the late evening, the crowd was slim but the wait was still rather long; nearly 30 minutes in line waiting to order, waiting for the staff to cook food since they already ran out and sandwich assembly.Having said that, I was very impressed with the staff. Several of them were very apologetic about the long wait. Even the manager approached me THREE times to apologize and thank me profusely for being so patient. One of the staff members gave me a free cookie and the manager threw in a free shake. I never expected one freebie, let alone two. I couldn't even eat it all! Nonetheless, I appreciated the gestures, especially on opening day when they had worked so hard to accommodate large crowds and the staff maintained a pleasant demeanor.Oh, and yes, the food... the Pizza Sandwich was far more flavorful (and spicy) than I expected. I'll be back to sample other menu items and more of that friendly Potbelly service! :)
5	Like many other transplants from the Midwest, I am so incredibly excited that Potbelly's has made it's way to Arizona! It is worth the drive downtown just to eat a little piece of "back home". And for those who aren't familiar with the magic that is Potbelly's, I truly think you won't be disappointed. I usually go with the Italian with extra peppers or the Chicken Salad, although I don't think I've ever tried anything I don't like. But the atmosphere is great, I've never been to a Potbelly's anywhere in Illinois (and I've been to many) that did not have the kindest and most reliable customer service. The service is fantastic, food is amazing and I even kind of  like those weird, smelly hippies they hire to play guitar on the loft. This is the one and only toasted sandwich shop. But the chili, chicken noodle soup and milk shakes are amazing too! Now all I need is a Noodles & Co. and FlatTop Grill!
4	I was so excited to see a Potbelly Sandwich shop was opening up in Phoenix.  I had grabbed a delicious sandwich from Potbelly many times while on the east coast and always loved their simple but great approach to sandwiches.I had the ham and cheddar on multi-grain bread with mustard, tomatoes, pickles and hot peppers...It was so good!  The hot peppers sure do have a kick and really complimented the sandwich!  I recommend adding the hot peppers to any sandwich, only if you can take the heat!  If you really like the hot peppers, you can purchase your own jar for $6.95! It was their 2nd day open so some of the workers were still getting use to the feel of the place but you really cant fault them for that!This will be a place I return!  Thank you Potbelly for coming to the Valley of the Sun!
5	I knew I had to try it when my Jimmy John's loving friend squealed with excitement, "Move over Jimmy's, Potbelly is coming to town!" So when I drove by it unexpectedly while looking for some dinner, I made a u-turn on Camelback and pulled right on in. I only have two things to say about my experience:1) Great customer service. Everyone is so darn nice I'm scared they might be pod-people.2. Delicious. Potbelly Sandwich shop, good food made by people who might be aliens.
5	My all time favorite sandwich shop! Make sure you get the peppers! :)
4	Amazing just kinda smaller. If you ever been to Earl of Sandwich it's very similar. A great lunch spot!!
5	Damn am I excited this place is finally in AZ!!!!  And I didn't even experience any sort of newly-opened growing pains on my first visit!When living in DC I ate Potbelly (mushroom melt, extra hot peppers!) a few times a week.  Finally, the deliciousness has arrived in the Valley!Great chocolate chip cookies as well - prepare to be the 'hit' at the office if you are so kind as to bring some to work.   I've never had their shakes but I know they have quite a following...  They also have convenient and VERY affordable catering that we used often in DC for meetings, but I haven't tried it here.Affordable. Delicious.  Friendly, welcoming staff.  And the perfect vegetarian sandwich.
4	I love this place! The price is aggressive 4.80 on avg and the place is clean and great service. I tried their tuna Sandwich and was thrilled! I am picky about tuna but there is is perfect and I actually cant stop thinking about it.  The sandwiches are about 6 inches are all toasted. YUMMY! they serve milkshakes and some salads as well. This is definitely in my rotation for quick lunch.
5	i cant tell you all how great this place is.. seriously. i grew up in DC and this place is everywhere and rightfully so! the atmosphere is fun, QUICK, and puts all to rest. I hope its the same and when is TEMPE getting one? PLEASE!!!!1
4	I drove by today and to check it out,and I am glad I did. This place is family friendly and the sandwiches speak for themselves, they are a step above Jimmy J.'s. I had the Italian and it was Delish!!!
5	It was great to go to this place. I am from around the Chicago area and use to go to a Potbelly's around once a week. I was really pumped up to see one here. I walked in  and ordered the wreck sandwhich and some chips. After the first bite I was hooked. I finished my food and got right back in line again and had another sandwhich.  I don't live close to this location but I will be driving up here at least once a month to go here. The service was also great.
2	If you are expecting an AMAZING sandwich...try some place else. Potbelly is just another quiznos-esk sandwich shop. Nothing unique, nothing special - well they do have a PB&J sandwich.I got the 'A Weck' tasted alright, I liked the warm toasted bread (just like Quiznos and Subway). To be honest for a sub that had 4 difference kinds of meat on it, I was a little disappointed that I tasted more mustard than meat.Thomas got the Meatball and was kept looking at his sandwich to make sure there was actually meat on it...hardly any marinara sauce, I don't think he tasted a single meatball.I'm actually surprised at the amount of 5 stars for such a run-of-the-mill sandwich. Good, food, but I've definitely experienced better.
5	I'm a huge fan of Potbelly subs.  The first time I ever ate at one was in Chicago many years ago, and I fell in love with them right then and there. Eventually, they opened a few in Michigan, and I would eat there when I could.  Fast forward a few years, and now I live in Phoenix. Not a potbelly in sight, so I ate at other sub shops. Now don't get me wrong, Phoenix does have a good selection of sub places to eat at, and I am a fan of a few local places out here. But, when I heard that they were opening a Potbellies, I could not have been any more excited! FINALLY!So this place opened last week, and the foot traffic in and out of this place has been tremendous!  Move over other sub shops, this place is here to stay. Potbelly's makes a hell of a sub, and I, along with many others, are dedicated fans of this place. I went on the second day they opened, and got me a roast beef sub. Today? I got the stack without the ham.Potbelly's has a great menu selection to choose from, with extremely wonderful prices.  They also list the calorie count for you right on the menu, so you know just how healthy (or unhealthy) the sub will be.  They even have a vegetarian sub for all you non meat eaters! Also they have great deserts here, all fresh baked. Cookies and brownies freshly made, along with smoothies and shakes as well.  These are some serious people here folks!The menu here is ample, with plenty to choose from, but it's not as big as I remember it from the Chicago and Detroit locations.  The gal told me that they have a limited menu now since they just opened, and will be adding on in the future with the rest of the items that they normally offer.Service here is surprisingly efficient, with plenty of staff to help you out. The line may be long, but it moves quickly, so don't be intimidated when you arrive.  I'm in and out in 5 minutes!  They have plenty of seating indoors and out, but if you come during lunch hour like I do, you might have a problem finding a seat. Since I work right here, I just take the sub back with me to my desk and eat.Go eat some Potbellies. Best subs around, and you'll be a fan of this place in no time!
4	I was SO happy to see this place come to Phoenix.. my memories of lunch at Potbelly's in Dearborn, MI were re-lived with the delicious and unmistakably fantastic sandwich that is the Italian... had one last night and they did not disappoint.This place is going to get visited by people that have, at one point in their life, experienced a wonderful, warm, toasted, slightly dripping with mayo sandwich that is a Potbelly's and so those that are used to eating crap like Subway are not going to "get it"...  in the case that you do appreciate the craft and combinations of flavors, try the Italian - the blend of meats and the combination of toppings (get them all) make for a flavor explosion in your mouth.  I can only eat half a sandwich, it's that filling.  I have the other half in the fridge right now that I will re-toast in the toaster oven so I can enjoy it allll over again. Eat that, Subway.PS: The staff was very nice, as always, and friendly and talkative and the place inside is decorated with such care and attention to detail.
3	I've been hearing a lot of hype about Potbelly's lately so I decided since it's somewhat close to work, I'd try it out for a late lunch. I walked in thinking it looked pretty nice inside and thought it was helpful they had directions up above for how to order. I decided to order the turkey sandwich but substituted the swiss for provolone. The style of it reminded me a lot of Quiznos, especially with the sandwich going through the oven. I didn't like the fact that I couldn't see what was going in my sandwich (the glass was too high for me to see) but maybe it's because I'm short? Both girls who made my sandwich were really friendly and helpful to the "newbie". I decided to get my usual lettuce, tomato, mayo but also to add italian seasonings (salt, pepper, oregano). When I went to pay, the cashier was pretty distracted with another customer so I had a couple minutes to look at the desserts. I decide to get the oatmeal chocolate chip cookie, just for good measure. For a combo and the cookie, it was just under $10. Not bad but not great either on price.I go to sit down and literally every table is taken (and this was around 2:30PM). I didn't realize how few tables they have until I walked to the back of the restaurant. I settled for sitting at the bar against the window in between two strangers (nothing horrible just not preferred). I open my sandwich and was reminded of Quizno's yet again, minus the multi grain bread option I chose with my sandwich. It didn't taste bad by any means just nothing special or unique. The best thing I ate was the cookie, would TOTALLY recommend!! They also had a brownie/cookie looking thing that looked pretty amazing too!Overall, I liked the way it looked inside, especially with the older pictures of the Phoenix area displayed on the walls. I wish I would have had my own table but it wasn't that big of a deal. I guess I was expecting more but didn't exactly get it. I would honestly eat here again just not making my top list for favorite sandwich places. I'd personally recommend Togo's in Chandler and Casella's in Scottsdale for a unique and delicious sandwich experience.
2	I don't get the hype for this place. The sandwiches are cheap, sure, but what do you get? Couple slices of deli meat crushed between two thick loaves of puffy sub bread. When I want a sub, I'm there for the meat - not the bread. Is it better than Subway? Yes. But most places are better than Scrubway. Potbelly's is Jimmy John's subs with a toaster oven. Cafe Rio next door is far, far better and only a few dollars more.
5	Having just moved back to Phoenix, I was glad to see that they opened a Potbelly on Camelback. I have loved Potbelly since I was a kid, when my family and I used to frequent the original sandwich shop on Lincoln Avenue in Chicago. While I think they are still working on establishing the menu (I asked for their chicken and cheddar sandwich and they weren't serving that yet), this Potbelly succeeds in meeting the same high standards as all of the Potbelly locations I have enjoyed back in my hometown. I ordered their turkey and Swiss cheese, with lettuce, tomatoes, oil, and Italian seasonings, and I was relieved that they serve Chicago-style giardinara (hot peppers) at this location, too, and so I added extra hot peppers, all on toasted whole grain bread. It was delicious. I also used to order their meatball sub with hot peppers, which is also very good. I didn't get the chance to see if they serve breakfast, but Potbelly's breakfast sandwiches are great. When I used to fly a lot, I would order their bacon, egg, and cheddar breakfast sub at Midway Airport, with mushrooms and hot peppers, and it was always excellent. Anyway, I am glad to have another piece of Chicago right here in the Valley!
2	Over priced, poor restaurant layout (not enough seating), small portions and decent sandwich.
5	So great that Potbelly has opened in Phoenix.  We sadly left Potbelly behind in Chicago and have missed it.  Great sandwiches - great cookies - great shakes - better than all of the other chains around town!
5	Potbelly, you have been handed the torch.It was a good ride Jimmy Johns, but you have no locations close to my newly purchased home.  Its not you, its me.  I promise.I love italian-style subs.  The Wreck at Potbelly is fantastic.  The Wreck salad is also great (for a salad).  This place is my new go to sub shack.
5	I moved from Chicago in 2006 to Phoenix and ever since the #1 thing I missed...POTBELLY!  I had one steps from my home in Lincoln Park and steps from my office downtown.  I found out a few months back they were coming to Phoenix and the elation I felt was like I won the lottery.  My only complaint now is this shop is not closer to my house...I'm quite certain when Phoenix realizes how delicious they are they will grow around the city.  I have been to the Camelback location since it opened many times.  It does not feel like my Potbelly in Lincoln Park in terms of environment, but the staff here is great as well.   I would give this 10 stars out of 5 if I could.  Even better is they have added a Mediterranean sandwich that they did not have when I lived in Chicago.  Let me tell ya that sandwich is absolutely delicious!  The wreck, the turkey, the chocolate chip cookies, a root beer...it is just a little slice of heaven and I couldn't be more thrilled that they finally expanded to Phoenix.  Not one day has passed since I left Chicago that I did not dream of a Potbelly turkey sandwich and chocolate chip cookie.  YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY!  Get the peppers and seasoning...and drool away!
5	YUMMY! I think this was the best sandwich I have ever had. When I walked into the restaurant with my stroller, one of the workers asked if I would like to give them my order at the table instead of waiting in line with the baby. Score! Anyone willing to make my life easier at this point earns major kudos from me. I ordered the roast beef sandwich, chips, and a large drink. I also orders an Italian sandwich to-go for the hubster. The sandwiches were huge--all for $13. The hot peppers, which is what Potbelly is famous for, really make the sandwich heavenly! The peppers give the sandwich a little bite. SO good! Well Potbelly, you are my new go-to place, replacing your across the street neighbor in my weekly repertoire!
3	It's OK.The good:- Nice location (glad to have something at Town & Country)- The parking was fine- The service was great- Prices are cheap- Chocolate milkshake was really goodThe bad:- The Wreck- Sandwiches had hardly any meat and hardly any toppings- If you like a sandwich that is mostly bread then this is for youOn the cheap, I'd rather go to Subway.  Ho hum, at least at Subway I get my lettuce and tomatoes.
5	I am so glad you are here now!
1	Ate here once after hubby picked up 3 different sandwiches and 3 shakes. Sandwiches were good.  If you like your sandwich toasted, this would be a good place to try.But the shakes were bad, really bad, really really bad.Hubby noticed while waiting in line that a customer in the restaurant commented to a worker that she did not like her shake at all.  He didn't think anything about it, maybe she just ordered a flavor she didn't like.  He brought the food home and we ate our sandwiches.  He tasted his shake first (Oreo) and thought it had a strange flavor.  I thought maybe he didn't like it because of some innocuous reason (like they used an imitation brand instead of the actual Oreo brand).  I tasted his shake and agreed.   It was like an "electrical" taste.  Like the shake had been forced through a burned out blender motor.  (I'm not saying that's what happened, but that's the best approximation of a taste description I could come up with.  Definitely did not taste like any other food taste I could describe.)  Still, I thought it was maybe just the Oreos (clearly I am biased against something so trashy).   Then I tasted my vanilla shake and it tasted like I just licked a burned out blender motor.  (Again, I've never had to do that, but that is the best approximation of taste that I can come up with.)  I love ice cream and I love shakes and never ever have I tasted anything like that in ice cream or shakes.  Did not taste like a food item.  So maybe, Pot Belly had just opened and maybe, just maybe, a blender motor had malfunctioned and we were willing to forgive if they would acknowledge an issue.  When my husband called to tell them (not to ask for a refund, but merely to suggest that they should take a look at their equipment so nobody else has to suffer what we did), he could barely get a word in as the person on the phone was very quick to tell him how delicious and famous their shakes were.  Hubby had the shakes frozen and was going to take them to a lab to get them tested.  I solved the problem by throwing them away and vowing never to go to Pot Belly again.  At any location.
2	Won't go back. The food tastes fine. It is just not worth the money. The portions are very small. There is not enough seating. You are paying for the decor & look of the place,not the food.
4	I heard the lady in front of me order a cold sandwich and the counter girl who was very friendly suggested that the sandwiches are much better toasted.  Luckily, I love toasted sandwiches.The entire staff was extremely friendly and I noticed that they were training at least 2 new hires.  This did not hamper service at all.I ordered the the sandwich called "A Wreck" which was salami, roast beef, ham and turkey with swiss cheese and your choice of toppings.  I ordered mine an a wheat roll.  I appreciated that the roll was not huge and neither were the meat portions.  They made my sandwich to perfection and I am picky about how much dressing I order (I expect it to be a light layer when I ask it to be that way).  You receive your sandwich in a brown paper bag wrapped in white paper and cut in half.My only small complaint was that they were making a "to go" or a large order for pickup, so the sandwich assembly person had to ask me what sandwich I had ordered so he could watch it to come out of the toaster over.  Not that big of a deal.The place was very clean. There was also a local guitar player there for lunch and he was not too loud and was also very friendly.
4	How fantastic! A must-go for the weekday lunch routine!Battling a massive hang-over that pretty much destroyed my entire Monday, I went to Potbellys because 1. I couldn't make a lunch for myself when I woke up and 2. a sorority sister of mine mentioned she'd been craving it. So naturally these two factors helped me decide where to go.If you've ever been to a Picklemen's, you're going to love this place. Literally the exact same set up inside. Tables, ordering, menu, drinks... it's all the same but the sandwiches are bigger and less expensive. I went on a wild limb and orded the smoked turkey. The menu is slightly limited but the items they do have and true crowd pleasers. Was unaware the sandwich was served with bacon too... best surprise ever.I recommend the low-fat Italian dressing because it's simply amazing. Ask for it on the side so you can dip your sandwich in it. Only paid about $5 for the sammy and I was quite pleased with everything.
5	Joy, joy, Happy Happy joy, joy!!!Have I mentioned I LOVE POTBELLY!?!?I LOVE POTBELLY!!!!I have eaten at other locations in IL for years and years! I love the chicken salad!! I love the giardinera!! I love the OCC's!! Chocolate banana shakes are amazing!!A Wreck is another delicious sandwich. I love that the sandwiches are toasted, but never burnt.Another plus is you can have them scoop out 1/3 of the bread for those trying to cut carbs but realistically cannot live without sandwiches!I like the Italian bread and the wheat, but I like the Italian bread more.Good for older kids, not so much for small children.Free wifi too :)I will be a frequent visitor for sure!!!
4	My wife and I had a nice lunch sandwich here today. Some of the reviews indicated the sandwiches are too small and not good value. In my opinion the are the perfect size and the price quite reasonable. Our supersize world seems to demand twice as much as we need during a meal. They are still pretty new so their staff is coming up to speed. Everyone was very friendly and our orders were prepared in a timely manner. They could really use better design of the space inside to create more seating and give the atmosphere a better vibe. I am sure to be back and look forward to rewarding that 5th star as they iron out the kinks.
2	Underwhelming. The wreck salad is a prepackaged salad totally below average. My friend got the wreck sandwich whick was ok. Go to the duck instead."
5	Really 4 stars or less by other reviewers?  Maybe your taste buds are warped from eating at subway and Jimmy Johns too much. For a sub shop this place is the best.  Went in for a quick bite after a relaxing evening of shopping around the corner and I wasn't disappointed by the food.  I had the turkey on wheat (around $4.50 and added mushrooms for .50.  I got big slices of artichoke hearts added for free as well as lettuce, tomato, oil, and seasonings.  Best sub I've had hands down.  Also had a cup of cream of broccoli and it was delish.  My friend had the vegetable soup.  It was creamy (instead of brothy) and smelled spicy.  She loved it.Would have tried a shake but I was too full and I could barely finish my sandwich and soup.  Next time I'll skip the soup or share a Sandwich so I have room for the shake.   Potbelly is primarily in Illinois and on the east cost.  I'll wager a lot of the good reviews are from people who lived on the east cost, and a lot of the negative reviews are from westerners.  It really does make a difference.
4	Potbelly started sprouting up in the Land of Lincoln of few years back. My sons coined the phrase Emptybelly since they thought the sandwiches were "little girly men" and not quite up to snuff in the size department.So I decided to check this place out along with fellow Yelper Georgie M. We had a late lunch since we didn't want to compete with the crowds. I must say, nothing has really changed except for the addition of the pizza sandwich. I decided to go with the Wreck. The Wreck can be described as a jack of all trades because it has just about anything you can think of stuffed into the sandwich. Let's see, you get Salami, Angus Beef, Turkey, Ham and Swiss Cheese along with the condiments of your choice. I added mustard and some hot Giardiniera to spice it up. I also got my sandwich skinnied out (thanks to Kelly R for that tip). That's when they scoop out the extra bread and make the bread look like a boat instead of a bed. I must say that the sandwich was delicious, albeit on the puny side.They have a nice dinning area and glorious outdoor seating on a perfect 82 degree day. So bring your empty belly to Potbelly and filler-up.
4	There are two reasons I decided I live too far from Potbelly to get take-out again.1. The ambience is really nice -- low-key, lots of wood, free wi-fi, cheerful customer service -- so it seems a shame not to enjoy it. I sense that eating here would soothe nerves shattered by particularly lively shopping sprees at Nordstrom Rack.2. My sandwich smelled so good that I had to resist unwrapping it and eating it in the car. Repeatedly.This is not your heaped-with-meat New York deli-style sandwich: those are usually at the $8-and-up price point rather than $5 price point. That said, the meat is much better quality than what Subway offers: the taste says "oh, hai Martha Stewart!" rather than "cheap lunch."So this place has great potential as an economical yet gracious spot for lunch.
4	Potbelly's is a one of a kind sandwich shop, that our family loves!  I tend to vacillate between which toasted sandwich I like best.  The Wreck, which is Salami, Roast Beef, Turkey, Ham & Swiss Cheese, or the Roast Beef, which is thinly Sliced Angus Beef and Provolone Cheese.  Friend and fellow Yelp'er King Scott prefers The Wreck.  As you will find, both are very good.  Potbelly also has soups and various sides, like macaroni and potato salad, chips and whole pickles.  If you are pregnant, I guess this is the place to come and eat.I believe Potbelly's price and sandwich size are just right, one of King Scott's kids likes to jokingly call them Empty-belly. Their perceived small size (7 inches) or not, $4.70 is more than fair for something this good.  You can decide.  Back in Illinois, where Potbelly was started, they carry a larger size simply called: "Bigs", that are thirty percent larger.  On our visit, we were told they would soon carry the larger size as well.  Nice!Like most Potbellys, this one too has a potpourri of visual candy.  My favorite is the faux movie poster called "Bedtime for Brezhnev", of former President Reagan and Soviet leader Brezhnev.  It's located over the booth area, opposite from where you order (see photo).Another nice touch is the live music that Potbelly offers, this day we had a guitar player.  It's fun and makes the Potbelly experience unique.If your waist line allows it, I would also recommend their Shakes and Malts.  I've been told by others that they're delicious!FYI, there are three locations here in the Valley, including this one.  You can also go to: 534 W McDowell, or One East Washington.  Both are in Phoenix.  A new location will be opening soon on North Scottsdale Road, near Thunderbird.  Very nice.Enjoy!
3	Better than subway but nothing special.
5	If you are in the mood for the best sandwhich of your life you should check out Potbelly! Everything from thier meat to thier bread to the fresh veggies they put on your sandwhich will make you want to go back the next day (which I have done) The only thing I have tried that I wasn't very impressed with was the Pizza Sandwhich. It wasn't bad, just not amazing like the rest of thier Sandwhiches. Just go here! It's amazing :)
4	I am originally from Chicago and was in the Phoenix area last week.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that Potbelly's had opened locations in the Phoenix area.  I had been visiting the original Potbelly's location on Lincoln Avenue for years.  Of course I ordered an extra beef with everything no hot peppers, barbecue potato chips and a oreo shake.  It did no disappoint.  It completely reminded me of home.  Well done.
5	I tried Potbelly for the first time last night when we decided to use them to cater an event at church.  I had heard only good things about them and their prices were reasonable, so we gave it a shot.  My goodness deliciousness.  The sandwiches were delicious; they had great flavor and were very fresh.  If that wasn't enough, they were so great to work with.  We'll definitely be back in the future!
5	I love the pizza sub...
3	Met a friend for lunch here, my 2nd time easting here. Let me just say this place would have received 4 stars if the menu was a bit more espansive. Right now it's just too limited. The food on the other hand is really good. I got the pizza sandwich on multigrain bread. This particular location get's very busy around noon so understand that. Like I siad there isn't much on the menu to choose from, It they added a few more option I would bump them up to 4 stars.
5	The Italian sandwich was delicious! Warm toasted homemade roll was excellent. People are helpful and friendly. My new favorite sandwich place.
5	I dream about Potbelly's Italian sandwhich smothered with hot peppers. It's probably one of the best sandwhiches I've ever eaten in my entire life. The only that sucks about it is, I eat it so fast It's gone. On more than one occasion I've wanted to order another one. But as much as I like Potbelly, I sure don't want one! I've been a handful of times and everytime it's pretty busy. I've told so many people about this place and that they have to go. When they tell me they've gone here, they say they love it.I've not tried any other sandwhiches they have here. But I think if I do, it would be the PB and J.
4	This place is great. I get the wreck with everything, but all the sandwiches I've had here were good. It's an awesome value. The shakes and desserts are very good too. The only downside for this location is the limited seating and parking. The service is fast and friendly. I'm glad Pot Belly is finally in Phoenix.
5	After I tried Potbelly for the first time in Chicago, I just fall in love with it! This place has the most delicious sandwich and shake I've ever all my life! You can imagine how happy I am when I learned that we have Potbelly in Phoenix! (I thought there is no Potbelly in AZ) I kept telling my friend how good it is and finally we group of 15 people went there last week. Not surprisingly, all of them love it!
5	Love this place. So much easier to drive to this location ... Instead of lugging my husband's sandwich from Chicago Midway.
5	Started in Chicago and I LOVE IT!  So glad there out here :o)  I know I won't be disappointed !!
4	I'm excited that a little bit of Chicago has come to the Valley! After hearing delicious things about Potbelly, I finally had the chance to visit and I must say, I fully agree with everyone else! Potbelly's is a great sandwich shop and I love my sandwiches. Upon walking in, I felt like I had entered a Chicago deli. The friendly employee greeted me and quickly explained how Potbelly's works because she could tell I was a new visitor. I especially like that they list the calories next to each of the sandwiches. I opted for the brand new grilled chicken and cheddar sandwich but left off the cheese. They offered my thinly sliced bread which sounded appealing, so I gave that a try. I was pleasantly surprised when I realized that they grill the sandwiches! After the sandwich was heated up, I choose my condiments and I added hot peppers. I then picked up some jalapeno chips and bbq ones for my husband and was on my way! The service was friendly and quick and the sandwiches are very reasonably prices at about $5.40 a sandwich. It was a long drive home as I drooled while smelling the sandwiches. Finally, I arrived and I practically scarfed my sandwich down. It was amazing! The bread was perfectly cooked and the chicken was good warm. I especially loved the hot peppers which provided a perfect kick to the sandwich. To add to the kick, the jalapeno chips were really good and not "too" hot if you typically enjoy a little spice.They told me that a Potbelly's is about to open on Thunderbird and Scottsdale and one might also open on Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101. I plan on visiting them regularly!
3	another sandwich shop that offers delivery, but only has a one mile radius delivery area. i just can't understand what the point of having the service is if you only deliver to such a tiny area.  this restaurant is extremely close to me (1.3 miles-yeah i checked my gps, whatever!), and yet those .3 miles mean i'm unable to get delivery. their sandwiches are actually pretty tasty, but sometimes i'm lazy (errr hungover) and want my food brought to me. the fact that i know they offer delivery and can't make it to my house totally bums me out.
5	Alright you Arizonan's!!  You are in for a treat!  Potbellys is one of the best sandwich places in Chicago and it's arrived here in AZ.  Some things I love about Potbellys that you should know:-Local musicians rock out their acoustic guitars while you munch on yummy food.-"Skinny" sandwiches skimp on the bread not on the meat.-Dream bars (enough said)-Bags of oatmeal cookies are SO SO good!-Oreo smoothies are really tasty!-All shakes/malts/smoothies come with little cookies on the straw.-The decor of this place is cool.  It's very vintage with a local feel as well.  I would never guess it was a Chicago spot if I didn't know it already.Eat here people and I promise you will not be let down!
5	Best part of Midway Airport in Chicago, best part about Biltmore in Phoenix. Great sandwiches and treats. Try it a few times, you won't be let down.
5	I'm from the East Coast (Washington DC), and there is a potbelly on almost every corner downtown.I was super excited to visit this location because Potbelly is just awesome. Everyone here was helpful and friendly, they move quickly and their food is delicious. I had the turkey and swiss with bacon and a little bit of everything (toppings)...it was amazing!!! They didn't over load my sandwich and everything was just right.I also had the dream bar and a chocolate chip oatmeal cookie...amazingI am deeply sadden that I cannot get Potbelly everyday (I live three hours away)...but this location does an amazing job!
4	i really enjoyed this place.  not a ton of seating, but definitely more spacious than your typical sandwich spot.  had the chicken salad.  on a scale of 1-10, i'd give it an 8.  really enjoyed the decor and "chill" atmosphere.  will definitely return!
2	sandwich is ok. substandard ingredients. Lots of turnover of staff and limited in numbers. They beat Jimmy Johns but not Portillos.
5	As they promised it was less than 8 minutes through the line and believe me I was timing it from the start. I mean it is the first thing you see as you walk in to the store. Great location and they do deliver from 11am to 2pm which will now be well utilized going forward. The store however is very clean and warmly decorated, and it pulls me to come back again. I had the Italian which is one of their signatures and for good reason. I am a man of simple taste but a strict eye for detail. The sandwich was amazing to say the least. The help was knowledgable and very friendly. I could keep writing everything I enjoyed but I think I have given you enough to try for yourself! Who knows you might even run into me if you do!
5	Ordered 10 sandwiches for delivery with a group of co-workers. They were delivered on-time(actually a few minutes early) and everything came out great! Absolutely no complaints, will definitely order again from them, prices are awesome!!
4	Delicious!
2	I really wanted to love this place because of all the hype and how close it is to the Biltmore, but it just didn't do much for me. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and the lady at the register said that was her favorite item. I figured - you can't really go wrong with a chicken salad sandwich, plus her excitement... why not? It was terrible. Lacked flavor. Incredibly dry. I felt like it was canned chicken salad with not much else. I also ordered the chili with cheese and onions.. also, lack of flavor and had a bad aftertaste. The service is amazing - very friendly people, and the layout is nice as well. However, the food is lackluster and it'll end up being an overrated deli.
4	Great price! Every sandwich is 5$ plus whatever else you want. It's a small menu so not much need to stumble through a list of choices. The pizza sandwich is amazing. They have their own mix of hot peppers too which is delicious! The service is good and friendly.
5	Potbelly Sandwich Shop is definitely the place to go for a good bite to eat.  I would recommend this place to anyone who is trying to find an alternative to Subway.  People are so used to Subway and it's absolutely mediocre.  Subway is okay but I would basically compare them to McDonald's for sandwiches because there are so many places that are better.  I think people are either clueless or simply don't have a decent set of taste buds.Potbelly are quality sandwiches and is reasonably priced.  The best places for sandwiches is definitely Potbelly, Capriotti's, and Jimmy John's.  Potbelly is here to stay.  :)
2	Small portions make this Jimmy John's rip-off a lackluster affair
1	The prices are high for the tiny portions that are provided. I'd understand if the sandwiches were good.... But we have yet to try one we like. The first time we stopped in, the girls that helped us were very rude. This last time, the guy and gal that helped us were actually very friendly, but still the sandwich was nothing to write home about (and was toasted to much the bread hurt the roof of your mouth).
4	Good sandwiches for a good price. The menu is shorter but the sandwiches are made right in front of you and then put through the toaster. Potbelly is comparable to a Subway but has more of a home feel. I would have never known what this place was until my friend told me. The name Potbelly really threw me off!I had tried out the wreck, very tasty, and the meat was extremely thin sliced. As for condiments, I asked for a variety of some lettuce, onions, tomato and oil and vinegar...  Apparently they don't have vinegar!!! That's a staple and needs to be at every Potbelly!
4	Great sandwiches at a reasonable price.  We really enjoyed it.
5	My favorite sandwich shop near biltmore. I get the tuna or the turkey, they're both good.
5	This is my first time here. The customer service is top notch. They even had live music. Being a Thursday afternoon, I really didn't expect that. The sandwiches are good. Nothing that blows me away but not bad either. If you tired of subway or any other big chain sub shop, try these guys out.
4	Good sandwich. Not great, but good. The meat was a little cold in the middle, which I hate if you are going to toast my sandwich. Service was great. Super friendly staff, very courteous, and very upbeat and positive. Will definitely be back.
5	Really good food and service, at a reasonable price. Really liked the chicken & cheddar sandwich. Really tasty!
4	Very good sandwiches, although they are somewhat small sandwiches. Due to small sandwiches, its usually best if you buy chips along with the sandwich or perhaps buy another one. Still very good.
5	I have loved Potbelly's since I found them in Chicago years ago! The best sandwich shop around, especially with all the choices in the area.  I think they pack quite a punch of flavor at a reasonable price. However, I'm heartbroken they took away the potato salad, even though the flavor had changed some since my visit in Chicago. The manager of the store is super awesome with a great crew. Bottom line- Do it!
3	Pretty decent sandwich.  I like how they cut the meatballs in half so it spreads over the sandwich more and not just this huge lump of meat with bites of just bread in between.  I love the hot peppers they have too.There was a hair in my sandwich.. but other than that I'd probably recommend the place.
5	So I started with Subway. Moved my way to Jersey Mike. Then came Potbelly sandwiches. I know you may think my sandwhich history seems sad, but this place not only made me excited about the neatly wrapped sandwhich, but the variety of foods, and decor and ambience of this place.First, a shout out to Chris for his amazing service, recommendations, and selling me and the wifey on an ice cream sandwhich. I got the Wreck and the wifey got the Italian. Dude bro, this Southern Cali boy is digging these Chicago style tastes. With the clean look, hot peppers that compliment in a tangy way, and flavor from being baked meshed all these ingredients perfectly. My wife says I get super excited about little things. Well the little things of great service, decor of character and history, the choice of a milkshake or smoothie, gets this guy excited!We used the oatmeal chocolate cookie and chocolate brownie cookie as buns to the creamy vanilla ice cream. What? You used 2 different cookies as buns? Oh, you bet your bottom dolla! Oatmeal was spot on, while the brownie was rich and sweet. The wifey loved it, but it was def a little too sweet for me. Great dessert though.I will definitely be back to try other sandwiches, say what's up to Chris, and enjoy a lovely time with my beautiful wife. Way to go Potbelly! Let's just hope this belly stays trim. Good price, calories are visible, therefore, I shall see you again!
4	Sandwiches are great most of the time. There are a few who get a little heavy handed with the mayo and mustard, though.  Try the roast beef and provolone on Italian. They sometimes have local musicians playing during the lunch hour...so eat during that time at your own risk!
3	Had the Wreck on multi grain... it was ok.  I dont remember anything special about. I'll try a few more and edit my review accordingly.
4	I Love their food! Just don't do online ordering with them and everything will be just dandy!
5	Ever since this place opened up by my work I have frequented it.  The subs are the perfect lunch size and not expensive at all. They have a new sub called the clubby that is tasty as all hell.  Ham, turkey, bacon, ranch with lettuce tomato and onion.  All around awesomeness on a bun if you ask me.  Their shakes are bomb diggity too and the selection of bottles soda is amazing.
5	We have been going here for some time and its always been great. The staff is so friendly and never misses a beat.
2	So me and my boyfriend go to potbelly to see what all the hype is about when I ask the lady that it was my first time and what will you recommend from the sandwiches she said , "any of them " with a blunt way & didn't care . I ended up getting a salad since lack of information really . While I am eating another customer comes in a little more dressed up than me and asks her same question as I did and this girl goes off she explains to the woman what bread goes better with the sandwiches and try this sauce and that one is the most popular .. And I am like for reals !!!! She couldn't have done that for me .. Any who not coming back to this location .
2	Not a good overall experience.  Service was very slow and not friendly like the sign on the door promotes.  The food is just ok.
5	Great sandwich very reasonable and fast the name seams a little strange didn't know what it was but when I stopped in I was pleasantly surprised great for a quick lunch
5	This is a great place!! I'm a big eating caveman, so I got two sandwiches. I ordered the pizza and the turkey with bacon. The pizza had a fantastic flavor. The turkey is exactly what you would expect. The bacon made the sandwich pop though. Very fast service. Great lunch spot.
5	Great service! Sandwiches are great. Friendly people. Definitely recommended if you love subs! A++
4	Nice choice for a quick meal Potbelly's is a small sandwich shop with a relaxing, neighborhood vibe.  In fact, the day we went there was a man singing and playing guitar for the patrons. Potbelly is my kind of sandwich shop.  Potbelly offers all the favorites, turkey, ham, meatball, italian mixed,by chicken and cheddar, tuna, chicken, and my favorite "the wreck".Potbelly also serves  chili, soups, shakes and smoothies.  Potbelly aslo serves  "skinny" sandwiches with less meat for those watching their calorie intake.The staff is friendly and accommodating and will offer suggestions if you like. Potbelly's is a nice choice for a quick meal.
