5	If you get a chance to visit Montreal you will be provided the opportunity to experience something very special.  Pullman is the one of the best, perhaps the BEST, wine bar I've been to, and I've been to quite a few.Located in the upper district of Montreal, Pullman's facade does not immediately resonate a wine bar with a big reputation, but when you get serviced by the friendly and knowledgeable bar staff, you feel that there is something special and warm about Pullman.Pullman has a great selection of wine to choose from. Like all good wine bars you can select your trio or set in your custom order, or you can be like me: rely on the expertise of people who are passionate about their work and wine.Not only is the wine choice exceptional, the food choice, though limited, rivals some of the best fine restaurants in major U.S. cities. I'm a big fan of burgers and a bigger fan of mini-burgers called "sliders".  Pullman creates something smaller, but packs more flavor than a slider. Make no mistake, despite its size, this nano burger is a perfect size appetizer than is a perfect food pair to your wine flight.So if you are curious about this great wine bar and live close to Montreal, Quebec (like you New Yorkers), don't make excuses and schedule a visit to Pullman.
5	Definitely a notable and repeatable stop for me while in Montreal.Not only do they have one of the most fantastic wine menus I've ever seen, they also have some tremendous amuses-bouches to pair it with.Aged grilled cheese with a crips apple wine on a rare and balmy summer afternoon is heaven.A nice glass of red wine with snow slamming against the windows takes the pain off the winter cold.Make sure to look up and admire to painstakingly assembled cocktail glass chandelier.  I always tip extra when I think the poor employees are probably forced to clean it...
5	Wonderful atmosphere, food and most importantly the drinks. Check out the awesome chandelier.
4	My first visit was not a home run but definitely a stand-up double. The place is interesting and the menu has some landscape worth exploring. The trio of Pinot Noir 2 oz selections - Oregon, France and Australia - was fun. Serving in Reidel glass is a serious plus. Stay tuned for updates as they happen...
4	Great little spot. Especially in the incredibly rainy deluge we escaped from. This was my first visit to Montreal and the bar was listed in my guidebook. I love that it's an 'adult' wine bar. I'm not a big beer drinker and those kind of places seemed to proliferate Montreal. The crowd seemed to lean more English speakers when I was there. The bartenders are perfectly bilingual. But, there was a discrepancy with my drink. I asked if it was a an apple cider. The bartender said yes. It was clear when it was delivered that it was an ice wine. Much sweeter than I wanted. I asked to see a new menu and didn't touch my drink. There was no offer or check in on the ice wine. Yes, I could have asked on my own for something else. But, it would have been nice to be asked.The appetizers were absolutely delish. Big, fat, wonderful olives. Great cheeses. I would definitely come back when in Montreal!
3	I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could. From the other reviews I was expecting a more dramatic space. Just had a few glasses of wine though and a cheese plate. No dinner.
4	beautiful smart place to drink good wine. a bit expensive, but worth it.
4	I've had some great bottles here, including what I now fondly remember as THE best wine in my entire life (which they have unfortunately since discontinued). The side dishes are also pretty solid. It has an upscale vibe - classy yet unpretentious. Great place for a date or a drink with a friend. I'm a big fan.
4	Pullman is a haven for wine lovers, whether just learning about wine or connoisseur. They have a great selection of carefully-chosen bottles and also offer a nice variety of wines by the glass. You can also try a flight of wine that allows you to compare and contrast small glasses (2 oz) of three wines according to a certain theme. The tapas make a tasty snack to go with your wine (they're better for snacking than for a full meal). The atmosphere is trendy yet comfortable, and the chandelier made out of wine glasses is a beautiful centerpiece to the space. It's a good place for a date.I was there recently and tried a flight of Cabernet Franc, all from different parts of the Loire. Those were some interesting reds. For dessert, we tried something rare and unusual: Macvin du Jura. Wines from the French wine region Jura are unusual enough anyway, but this one was pretty special - a late harvest wine that's been fortified. I was excited about the chance to try it. We also tried the cheese plate, which was well presented with each cheese served with some kind of fruit spread or nut that matched the cheese well. The olives were huge and took some work to get through. Next time, I would skip the curry hummus with vegetables. I guess I was looking for a heartier, more traditional hummus. My partner enjoyed the bison burgers. But go for the wine, not the food, and take the chance to try something different!
4	The service was very helpful and friendly as well as efficient. Whoever envisioned this restaurant has succeeded as the atmosphere was hip, but comfortable, energetic and lively but personal and with a good sound level. In addition, the food was creative and comforting at the same time. We started by ordering a trio of Pinot Noirs from the large and interesting wine list (many good ones by the glass). These were a nice showing of Pinot from different European areas and all were very nice in some way. We tried various small plates (goat cheese toast, cod croquettes, grilled cheese, gnocchi) - all were delicious especially the sliders with tiny potato stick frites. We had a great time in this restaurant and would recommend it anytime.
3	Admittedly, we went to Pullman more for the food than the wine and the food was delicious - we enjoyed everything we ordered.  The location was very convenient for a dinner after the movies with our son, a McGill student. However, the atmosphere was very uncomfortable, maybe too trendy for our 50-something age.  Music too loud and when we complained we were graciously moved downstairs where the music was no quieter.  Strangely the hostess suggested we might have to move to a 3rd table when another party arrived (though the restaurant was not crowded) - we declined! Tables were uncomfortable with odd angles and no way for our party of 3 to sit comfortably.
4	My boyfriend and I walked in without a reservation on a Friday night. They seated us right away (at the bar, tisk tisk) but the servers were very professional and knowledgable. We had 4 dishes. Calamari, bison burgers, tuna steaks and chorizo. They were all divine, well prepared and the delivery of each dish was timed perfectly. We had 2 glasses of wine each. The server knew lots about each kind of wine and I liked that they deal exclusively with organic producers. It was very trendy, a little over priced but all in all a great Montreal experience.
4	Came here with my girlfriends for drinks on a rainy Saturday night, circa, 11pm. We were asked if we had reservations....at 11pm? Seriously!? The hostess took us upstairs in a cramped space, where we shared a seating bench with a couple sitting next to us, and our friend sat across from us in a chair...our table was narrow, and frankly, the whole set up wasn't very comfortable. The waitress came by to take our order and she was delightful. We ordered a cheese plate, and olives to accompany our drinks. I ordered a Negroni, while my friends ordered a glass of Chianti each. The "chef" came out with our dish and to explain exactly what we were getting, and he did so graciously. The cheese plate in question also had a variety of spreads to balance out the taste of each cheese---the spreads were coing, walnut, and fig. Everything was good and the service, was impeccable. Besides the seating arrangements, the overall experience was pleasant. A definite do for a quick drink and bite!
3	A nice looking wine bar. However they force you to order food, which they didn't tell us until after we had finished our bottle of wine. When we ask for the bill is not the time to inform us that we are required to order food. Before we are seated would have been a better time. Unimpressed. Still, a good place to go on a date, as I saw lots of couples around. The waitress who seated us was not very friendly, however our server was very nice, and knowledgeable.$90 with tax and tip for a bottle of wine.
4	This was the first time I ever ate tapas before. I went with 5 other people, and we ordered everything on the menu twice! It was amazing. The Booze was a little to high. Had a little problem with the meat sirloin plate being extremely raw.
5	One of the best wine bars in downtown; not that we have may of them. They have very interesting selection of wines by glass.
4	Great wine bar. Fantastic selection of imported wines. I always enjoy myself at Pullman. It's a trendy place that doesn't feel overly stuffy. I've sat at the communal tables on the ground floor a few times and ended up conversing with strangers. They have a small, but tasty munching menu to keep you full as you go to town on wine!
4	I like pubs, but this place has a classier feel to it. It's a bit noisy but atmosphere is great. I ordered a lychee martini and these cute, expensive, but DELICIOUS churros that came in 7 3-4 inch pieces with chocolate sauce. They also sold mini burgers which were quite yummy as well. Food is definitely expensive, but prices of drinks is normal what they are usually worth. Service is decent and dress code is casual surprisingly for such a nice place! Would go again for a glass of wine instead next time.
3	Love this place.  I was staying at nearby hotel, and this place was easily within walking distance.  I went a bit too early so I left prior to really experiencing the after-work crowd.  The staff is OK.  They think they're really cool to work there and have a bit of a snooty air about them.  But they were still respectful and prompt.  Unlike the earlier reviewer, I didn't get the line about the requirement to order food.  But let's be honest, I never have that problem as I order food as often as I can wherever I can.I had an excellent Alsace here...perfectly dry but had a light sweentness.  So refreshing.  They had an amazing malbec also.  I definitely enjoyed the wine much more than the food.  I ordered 3 tapas - hangar steak with mashed potatoes and a light gravy, calamari, and mini bison burgers.  The hangar steak with fork tender but they put on too much of the watery gravy.  The bison burgers were good, but the patties were slight, even for a mini-bun.  The match stick fries were a cute addition, and I devoured them.  Finally, the calamari was just bland.  And they don't even serve a red dipping sauce, only a mayonnaise based sauce.I wouldn't go back for the food as it's clear although the food is decent, it's just an accompaniment for their great wines.This is a fun, trendy place with a relaxing and modern decor.  When you walk in, there's a narrow area with booth and table seating.  The bar is immediately on the left and quite small.  Yet, the lower lever right below the bar provides ample seating.  The acoustics are a bit distracting when it starts to fill up but not overwhelming.  It's definitely worth a try, especially for after-work functions or a fun date.
4	Had a Valentine's dinner here, so there was a bit of pressure for the restaurant to perform, but it did. The atmosphere is really fun and trendy. We had dinner on the second level where there are a lot of high-tops and a small bar (where we ate). The music could have been special for the holiday, but I hope not! Loved it. The restaurant was playing jazzy romantic music and really set the mood for a good date spot.Food and wine were really great. We shared 6 plates which worked out to be a perfect amount as some of the plates are very small (scallops, you get one each). Would highly recommend the sea bass carpaccio and venison tartare.Staff we met were very friendly and helpful, restaurant was lively and fun.... overall really great experience. Definitely coming back!
4	I have been a occasional client of theirs over the last 4 years, they have a great space with an a very cool vibe and decor.  The wait staff is very charming and helpful and they know wines very well.  I would describe this place as a wine / tapas place, they have a huge selection by the glass, and their bites are always fun and tasty.  The bill can go up fast with those little bites so beware of your orders, but the fun filled evening,the bites and wine themselves are definately worth it.
5	Pullman's is a trendy and upscale wine bar, serving small tapas-style dishes that are great for pairing with your wine of choice.Tapas worth ordering: Fromages du Quebec, Charcuteries, Fried Cod with Spicy Mayo, Sesame Scallops, Port-Steeped Cheddar Grilled Cheese, and Mini Bison Burgers with Matchstick Fries.They have an extravagant list of wines, which is great because I absolutely love wine and am always curious about trying something new. For those interested in trying various types at once, they offer "trio's" based on wines by the same makers, regions, or of similar flavours, and this changes regularly.A great wine worth ordering is the Cote de Brouilly 2009, from Chateau Thivin. It is a Beaujolais from Burgundy that is smokey, dark, well balanced, and full of great flavour.The jazzy music and elegantly busy atmosphere makes for a great night, guaranteed. The bar is spacious and spread over 3 floors, while remaining cozy and charming. The beautiful chandelier built from wine glasses are worth mentioning, and hangs over the main floor. You would never guess that this gem was hiding within an odd-looking building, let alone right across the street from Provigo, but it is and I do not think it will be going anywhere anytime soon.If you are ready to spend some money, then this is a great place to go. Whether it be on a date, a girls night out, or for a little group gathering, it is the perfect place. In all my experiences at Pullman, the service has been satisfying. On a few, very rare, occasions the service may have been slow, but never disappointing. You want to come here to sit back, relax, and take your time enjoying the wine, food, and ambiance. Do not rush it.
4	This restaurant is pretty small so beware that you might feel like you're part of someone else's conversation, or they yours. With that said, the food was delicious and we enjoyed everything that we ordered.  Our favorites were the beets and the bison sliders.  In fact, the bison slider might be the best bison slider (or burger for that matter) that I've ever had.  Delicious mini pickle, aioli, and the meat was juicy, not dry.  Wish I could go back and try more!PS.  The dessert plate of four is not a sampling of other things on the dessert menu, but still delicious.
4	This wine bar has an excellent location, close to downtown hotels. It has a very nice layout with many small rooms, each with a distinct vibe. The wine list is extensive with something for everyone.There were four of us, we ordered nine dishes in all. The dishes are for sharing but some are quite small, so we ordered two of the same in some cases.My top 4:Steak - Perfectly tender, medium rare, on creamy mashed potatoes.Green beans - Precisely cut, perfectly cooked and nicely seasoned.Scallops - Only two, cooked medium rare, nicely searedBison sliders: What can I say? Awesome!!Service is warm and friendly with good table maintenance as there is a team approach.A cool spot for 5-7 and late night tapas.
5	Im more than a fan I think i found yet another reason to come back to Montreal. This place reminds me of my favorite wine bar in Philly but bigger, better and with way more wine.We arrived to a pretty crowed space but soon found out there was a private party upstairs and sadly we were not invited. The music was cool, the decor modern but chic and the people (patrons and servers ) were very pretty.After making our way downstairs we were seated at the bar and greeted by a very handsome man who wanted to pour us wine. The list by the glass was very impressive, Varietals from all over with a heavy concentration of my favorite wine producing country France (DUH) . All of the wines by the glass were under $15 and a few under $10 #winning . The snack menu looked promising but since we had just left dinner we only drank but i am very much in love with this place. We each had two glasses and the bill with tax and tip  came to under 40.00 #winningx2.This is for sure a date place and probably a great place to have pre dinner drinks or to start your girls night out.
5	Yelp did not steer us wrong when it sent us to Pullman.  Understated on the outside, very chic but comfortable on the inside.  I was surprised when they asked us if we had a reservation at 11pm, but the host quickly found us a spot.  I liked the feel of the downstairs bar itself, it was kind of U shaped, putting us facing and next to other patrons, with the bar tender making the magic in between.  The wine selection was great, and the server very helpful in helping me select which particular varietal I wanted.  I love wine bars that can pull off great wine with knowledgeable servers minus the pretention.  The crowd wasn't rowdy, but they definitely weren't reverently enjoying their Saturday night.  Next time I'm in Montreal, I'll be sure to go back here and get the food.
4	Pullman's is a decent tapas place but I've definitely had better. It was very dark in the front where we sat and we both had trouble seeing our food well. Right above us was a pretty cool chandelier with hanging wine glasses, I noticed they were all clear glass except one black one.We got the croquettes, mini bison burgers, smoked salmon and cheesecake. The croquettes were nice and crunchy on the outside and very smooth and creamy on the inside. The mini bison burgers were very tasted but came with way too many "fries" which reminded me of some thin crispy things that came in a can that I used to eat as a kid. If they used half as many they would have gotten the same effect but they were too salty to eat all of them.We also got a couple of Manhattan's that were well mixed but decided to move on to a different place for our next drink. The waitress and waiter were both very nice and good service is definitely a plus. The whole experience was pretty expensive and although the quality at Pullman's is good, I've had better for less cost.
3	If I was rating just based on what else can be found in a couple blocks circumference I'd go higher, but this is Montreal, you can walk, bixi, stcum your way to all kinds of fun. This place has nice atmosphere, but on the plain side, aside from the one chandelier made from wine glasses. Dim and romantic though. Perched on the couch on the second floor tasting wines and eating cheese and charcuterie I'm quite happy, don't get me wrong, and I totally love the staff here. It just doesn't swoon and thrill me somehow. But I'll definitely be back!
4	The Pullman is a hidden gem,  It a classy winery that has a cool plateau feel to it. It is mainly french The wine list is quite extensive and the staff is knowledgable and able to guide you to try what wine suits your pallet. For a non meat eater, it is difficult to find something to eat but if you don't mind eating cheese, there is a huge selection of cheese.A quick tip: try to get a seat upstairs, downstairs there is more traffic and people are always moving.
2	Really, i've read good reviews about this place, i've been there two times, and both of the times i wasnt impress, i went back a second time to give it a chance, and it failed. is this supose to be a wine bar. because seriously if i have a wine bar, i would offer mor than 10 wine on the glass, yes they have big wine collection on the bottle, but who is going to buy more than 3 bottle unless your a group? and there is a big lack of australian, south african and spanish wine??? The food is nice when you read it, but then when its on the table.... almost everything is served with micro tiny fries, their tartare look like....alot of the food is greasy. Its like same as L'academie, that is like a fancy mcdonalds. I can pay the same price and have much more better experience.The staff, last time i was there, our waitress was super rude, and look pissed a us because my friend was lactose intolerant. and when she was ordering the food, she was putting both of her elbows on our table!! who those that??? the girl serving our wine was much more nice, and we asked her if the other girl was in her PMS, and if she could be our waitress.anyway i surely wont be back there, even if they pay me to go eat there.
4	I have to say, I really enjoyed this place. Really cool ambiance - slightly romantic. Good wine - huge selection. Didn't eat here, but would definitely come back to try some food. Prices are good..I love the cool chandelier made of wine glasses, and the vibe this place gave off was great. Can't wait to go back!
4	We came in for some end-of-night drinkies and maybe something sweet.  I loved this place except for the champagne switch-a-roo.  My friend and I wanted a glass of champers and there was only 1 on the menu.  The guy comes back and says they're fresh out but he would open a bottle of something else but its $2 more.  Hmmmm.  I think he should have charged us the same rate but oh well.  The other friend got a beer that he liked.  We tried 2 desserts.  They were both good but one was a front runner.  The brownies.  Wow.  Little scrumptious bites in this yummy sauce.  Yummers!  We also tried the churros and chocolate.  They were ok.  Little churros baby churros in a pudding.  I wanted the chocolate to be richer like they do in Spain.  Our hotel was right across the street.  I'm surprised we only went here once!  Its a great place if you want just a glass or a flight to try.
3	The good: Cool ambiance, very trendy.  Multilevel seating.  Just a couple of blocks away from the Metro station.  Huge wine list - by the bottle.  Only a couple of pages of wines by the glass (your choice of either a 2oz or 4oz pour).  The waiter was very knowledgeable about the wines and offered 2 excellent recommendations.  The ricotta gnocchi and bison sliders both stood out as excellent.The not-so-good: Even though we had a reservation, we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated.  There was no one else waiting, and several empty tables.  I was disappointed to be seated at a table with stools when I later noticed other tables with real chairs (I did not raise this concern with the waiter).  The prices were a bit higher than I expected - 5 tapas plates ranging in price from $7-$15 and 4 glasses of wine fed 2 people for $100.  At one point our waiter forgot to put our next order in so we waited over 20 minutes between courses.
4	First off, I really liked this place!I was in town for the weekend, and my wife and I wanted a place to grab a bite for dinner.  Thanks to Yelp, I decided to drop in and check it out. I even used Yelp to make the reservation. The restaurant itself was a little hidden, but not too hard to find.  It's also a little small, but there was more room upstairs.  The food was all really good, and prices were pretty reasonable.  It was a little romantic too, and the chandelier was awesome.
4	Fantastic place. Great space, comfortable, good wine list, great service. The tapas are essentially upscale bar food done very, very well. Grilled cheese, bison sliders, ricotta gnocchi, and the little duck pastries we had were all great. Highly recommended.
4	We weren't hungry enough for a full meal and needed a break from our beer drinking. The place is small and dimly lit, and brings to mind having drinks in a winer cellar, so the ambiance is appropriate. We had a reservation for dinner on a Friday night, but didn't really need one. The place wasn't full, but wasn't too empty either.We had the bacon and cheese gougeres, the lamb with onion puree ( amazing- it's was braised, shredded and inside a crispy spring roll wrapper) the duck ( perfectly cooked) and the cod fritters (their delicious and delicate take on fish and chips). We split a bottle of red recommended by our waitress who was educated in her wines. In all a great night out.
4	I really liked this place.  The service was good and the food and wine were great.  I went on a Friday with my wife for a romantic outing.  It was a little loud for a quiet chat though.  On recommendation from other yelp posts we tryed the mini burgers and we were not disappointed. The pears for dessert were incredible.  I would definitely go back.
5	Just to clarify, I used to work here, and boy I loved it, but life takes you to places, if you know what I mean.First of all Vero knows her wines, the wine list might look a little overwhelming at first glance, but it's full of gems. I recommend to start with a flight (trio of 2oz) to get you in the mood, then go wild!The menu is a master piece created by chef Stelio, there is a bit for every palate in that blue sheet, my favourite is the Cod "brandade" just delicious!I go back now and then to have a good taste of the past, nice chat with old coworkers and enjoy!Cheers!
4	Really enjoyed everything we ordered here, my personal favourite was probably the calamari.  Didn't get a chance to order any alcohol here so can't comment on that.  Kind of pricey but about on par with other tapas.  Everything is well presented and fresh. Griddled cheese was also surprising tasty. The atmosphere of the place definitely has an upscale vibe and you feel like everything is brand new, including the awesome chandelier hanging from above.  Much bigger on the inside than it looks like from the outside. Service was good too.
3	Based on what I heard, I'm somewhat a little disappointed. Far from being a connaisseur or critic, I found the service to be "unstable" and unreliable.The food was OK, had some calimari that we're not cooked enough, mini burgers that had little or no meat with small fries that were way to dry.Nice place but far from a 5 star, or even a 4 star...
4	A great great place to have dinner - I dont think there is anything on the menu that doesnt taste good - the highlights were the OLIVES - best olives you've ever had I promise you - grilled cheese, mini-burgers, truffled green beans, mixed vegetable sald - all great - had a wonderful riesling too - great ambiance as wellBeware of one of the hostesses that claim you must order food (even if you pop in for a drink) she claimed it was some law  - - yet the day before my dinner companion had done just that - ordered drinks without food......
5	One of my favorite wine bars in the world. Wonderful selection of wine. Constantly changing seasonal menu with delicious tapas. The service is above and beyond generous. We always have a lovely time. It's a classy date night destination. Take the love of your life or take your friends. Highly recommended!
5	This might be the best bar/restaurant I have ever been to.I like mixed drinks and my friend likes red wine. I ordered two cosmos and she ordered a delicious, spicy red wine. It was interesting. Had so much oomph. Also! We're huge foodies. The food they had was DELICIOUS. The grilled cheese, the brownie dessert, everything! Just get it all and come back! You won't be disappointed.
4	What a great night at Pullman! Starting off with a cocktail, great wine and food, delicious deserts! Brownies highly recommended...
4	The food was amazing! Well prepared, well cooked, and well presented. I highly recommend Pullman. Only reason why I took away one star was because the tables were so small.
4	Twice I have gone to Pullman and to be honest, I was not really going for the tapas. It's just the perfect meet and greet spot. If you have ever experienced online dating, then you know meeting at the perfect spot is what sets the mood. Pullman has this relaxed atmosphere of people who want to drink and socialize, the appetizers are just breaks in those intimate moments of deep conversations. They say oysters and red wine are aphrodisiacs, luckily Pullman's has the best of both and a staff that is very knowledgeable about their alcohol (rare in most bars and lounges today). My only complaint is that three appetizers that my group ordered was never delivered, but who is counting when there is an abundance of champagne. You will enjoy yourself if you are in good company and forget how short the weekend is.
4	The food was great. Wine selection was fantastic. Just like other reviewers stated, it was very crowded. We actually made a reservation for three and got seated at a tiny two-person table in the front of the bar. Everyone there seemed to know each other and they just kept crowding in. That being said, the bison sliders were awesome. The lemon squares for dessert were fantastic.
5	Pullman is a place you have to choose to go. It's not on the way to anywhere, and it's not close to anything else particularly. Consequently, It took me a long time to get round to going. But I loved it.The decor is chic and comfortable, but not pretentious in any way. It attracts an eclectic clientele, with a wide range of ages. The music is present, and reasonably loud, but not so you have to shout, or even pay much attention to it (I really can't remember what was playing). It's the sort of place you can dress up to go, but at the same time, you won't feel under-dressed in jeans. (I wouldn't go in sports clothes though.) My only concern was that it is a tad on the dark side, which makes it difficult to read the tiny-printed menu when you're over 40... The tapas-style food offerings are top quality. I tried the gravlax, the beet and feta salad, (served together), the charcuterie platter, and the beans in truffle oil, (also served together, which made for great marriages). There was plenty for two.I had a yen for pinot noir, but was struggling with the very long wine list. The servers are billed as sommeliers, and definitely seem to know their wines. Ours suggested one I'd been hesitating over, but it turned out to be unavailable. She offered an excellent substitute at an even better price, so we ended up having two bottles! :-)I don't know why it took me so long to get here. I think I feared it would be pretentious and disappointing, but honestly I found it exactly the sort of place I've been looking for for a while.
4	I love the wine bar concept.  They have a really nice selection and a knowledgable and friendly wait staff.  A great place to go on your own and sit at the bar to have a glass or two and try out couple of tapas from their nice selection.  There isn't much around the neighborhood, so if it's too busy and can't get in you'll have to settle for much less. If I lived nearby, it would definitely become a local hangout, especially after a long day at work.
2	Location: Parc Avenue, above Sherbrooke. It's an easy walk from the downtown core (+/- 10 minutes). Parking will probably be an issue if you decide to drive.The place: It's small and the layout is awkward.  After you walk in, there's a staircase that leads upstairs almost directly ahead of you, and if you hang a quick right, there's the bar and a few seats by the window. It's all very cramped. If you squeeze past all that, there's a downstairs bit too. Decor/Ambiance: I didn't particularly care for either. Why? Because I didn't feel like there WAS a vibe. Maybe it was because I went right after work but I mean, it was a Thursday so you would think more people would be showing up between 5-7pm. They do have a kickass chandelier made from various wine glasses and champagne flutes thought. I mean, if that's your thing. The decor is ordinary and nothing to write home about.The wine: I am not a wine connoisseur by any means, but I know what I like. Pullman has a very nice variety of wines from different regions that you can purchase by the glass or by the bottle. Take note - like any other place that sells wine by the bottle, they do so at inflated prices. I ordered a glass of white that was delicious - unfortunately I have no recollection of its name. And no, it's not because I was boozin'! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and made some great suggestions so kudos to him. The food: Over. Priced. The theme here is tapas, so you can share your dishes or keep them all to yourself. I ordered the Mozzarella di Bufala with confit tomatoes and fennel. The portion was quite large and could easily be shared between 2-3 people. I did enjoy the dish, however the Mozzarella wasn't fresh and it was a little too cold for my taste. The tomatoes added a nice flavor, the fennel was well, fennel (I love fennel!), the vinaigrette  was a little too vinegary and the sliced capers seemed out of place in this dish. My friend had the quail, as well as the shrimp and Chorizo. I tasted this last dish and wasn't impressed. There was a weird flavor to it and the Chorizo was pretty darn firm and lukewarm. I then tried the goat cheese cheesecake with maple meringue, which was quite nice but the meringue was a bit dry and therefore crumbled very easily. You either had to take very slow and deliberate bites or shove the whole thing in your mouth, which just isn't ladylike. The maple meringue wasn't overly sweet but it seemed chilled. I would have liked it to be at room temperature.Service: Meh. Despite 3-4 waiters hovering around the bar, it took forever to get service. One of the waiters kept walking by our table, looking me in the eye each time, but not once did he stop to ask if we needed/wanted anything. We had to get up and go get our bill as well. The price: Inflated. For one glass of wine, the Mozzarella and the dessert, it cost me $40. No thanks. I can get better tapas and equally good wine at a place like Dolcetto and not break the bank.   If I could just go to Pullman for the wine, I might go back, but I think you have to eat to drink - or at least, you used to.
5	This is as good as a wine bar gets. I would maybe drop it down half a star for the slight wait for our server when we first sat down, but I've been here twice while visiting Montreal, and I really adore it. I just love a good wine bar and this one is busy in a good way, has a chic modern vibe, and delicious small plates. They also accommodated our group of five at short notice on a weekend, which I appreciated. I love their unique bar setting. It actually made it really intimate and fun. The grilled cheese... I die...
5	The chandelier is amazing! When making your reservation, request to be seated upstairs. Otherwise you're seated in a room that looks like a basement that was converted into a large dark eating area. The tapas were delicious! My favorites were the grilled cheese and lamb tapa. My hubby and daughter loved the seasonal vegetables and even ordered them a second time! Great wine selection. Loved the champagne by the glass and trio sampler.
3	This is a classy bar, with a varied assortment of snacks, and other food items. While ambiance and decor lend to add stylishness and 'class' to the establishment, the service is primarily mediocre. Space is a bit concerning, but if you don't mind spartan seating in a dim-lit corner, then it poses no issues. It is the space issue that proved rather burdensome (having to get up a few times to accommodate servers passing through can be a bit undesirable - but it was busy, and the staff did ultimately accommodate us). It's definitely romantic, and I'd recommend it, even if it is just grabbing a glass of with with your partner.
4	This is a super cool wine bar, but expensive for the area it's in considering it's near McGill campus. However I went here with my mom and discovered it was the perfect atmosphere for all ages! Perfect for more of an upscale date but also nice for a place to relax before and/or after a dinner. The cheese plate is delicious but like any wine bar like this one it doesn't contain enough cheese for the price. There's a large variety of wines available dating way back but for our budget we chose the cheapest red wine available, but it was still delicious
3	A solid 3 stars.  Wish I could give it a half more because it's right in the middle.  I've been to this place a number of times mainly because it's so crazy close to HGI. I really did like this place when I first went there.  Now having been there, say, 4 times, over the past couple of years my enamour is somewhat subdued.  Substantial wine list with some ecclectic choices if you're into buying bottles.  As single diner you still have a good selection of wines by the glass so no hardship.The food is all small plate and that's fine because you get a chance to sample a bunch of different stuff.  Gets expensive as a single diner though.  This place is not cheap.  Have to say my favorite on the menu is the gravlax.  Shrimp with chorizo is salty and very tasty.  Bison sliders- okay.  Cod balls - near miss.  goat cheese with peppers - uninteresting.  Okay. so my base conclusion is that the food is good but not breathtakingly great.  Would I come back again?  Yeah, on a rainy or cold night it's a reliable place to go for sustenance.  But with so many excellent choices for a fine summer night?  Maybe I'll give it a few months before I come back.
3	To be clear on my expectations for this place, I was essentially hoping for a more intimate version of Papillon bar in St Henri. From the looks of it and what friends had told me was this establishment had really taken it up a notch.Needless to say, the food and wine were fantastic. The waiter, when she was available, was very helpful with the wine selections and was very friendly. My only major qualm with the place is that for a table of mid-twenty-somethings we were likely the youngest and tamest people there. It seemed that the place turns into a rowdy happy hour joint for middle aged professionals around 6. At certain points during our visit, I couldn't hear my partner across the tiny table at all over the cackling of other groups.This place would probably be a lot of fun for a large wine-lovin' group, but as an intimate date spot I would probably head elsewhere.
4	Lovely wine bar. The octopus and the vegetable on the seasonal menu were perfection. Stunning flavor and presentation.
4	Good ambience and nice staff. The decor is chic and there's low lighting to set the romantic mood.  My boyfriend and I choose four dishes - the venison tartare with homemade chips, bones quail piri-piri vegetable caramel, crispy braised lamb and onion cream, strozzapreti pancetta and vegetables. See the pictures below. The lamb and strozzapreti were way better than the first two plates. That being said, the venison and quail were yummy too - just that we've had better from other places. Great place for tapas!
5	Wonderful small plate tapas  and cocktails. It was a very comfortable place to find alone while sitting at the bar.
