5	I'm usually stay far away from buffets, however I am very happy I decided to give this place a try.  My mom and I were both in the mood to try some place new and after driving around and checking out all of commerical center we decided a Indian food sounded pretty yummy.  After eating there, I decide this really is the only way to go out for Indian food with just 2 people because I always want to try just a little bit of everything.  At Namaste you can, and everything I tasted was fantastic!
5	Eat here for lunch. $9 lunch buffet, really amazing food, good service. I can't wait to go back.
4	The food was excellent and it's probably the best indian buffet in Las Vegas so far. This restaurant is very new, so I'm not sure if their quality will degrade over time. I have seen a lot of new restaurants made great food when they just opened but then their food quality went down hill as time goes by. I hope it's not true for this restaurant because I truely enjoyed my lunch. I will update my rating if their quality changes.
4	This place was so hyped up that I was expecting something out of this world delicious. My favorite Indian restaurant in the entire world is Bombay Club in Harvard Square. Delicious, in my eyes, you can't beat it. So, I came in here with high hopes.This was the first Indian restaurant I've tried in Vegas, it's right next to Lotus of Siam, and right away that was a good sign for me. Anything that someone in my group of foodie friends recommends that is in a seedy strip mall HAS to be good.Started off with a kingfisher beer, papadom, and the requisite sauces. Friend of mine got the mulligatawny soup, I didn't try it, but he said it was good! For dinner, I got the chicken vindaloo and kheema naan (lamb stuffed bread). I asked them to make the vindaloo as hot as they could, and I didn't have a problem eating it. Wasn't as spicy as I thought it'd be. I mean, it was spicy, but it wasn't like -  OH MY GOD IM GOING TO DIE IF I DONT GET WATER RIGHT NOW AIGDJGSADJG kind of spicy, na'mean?Overall, though, high quality food for a very low price. I was impressed with the place and I'll definitely be going back again.
5	THE BEST INDIAN FOOD IN VEGAS!My girlfriend and I were accidentally one of the first people to eat at Namaste. We were in the area and are very familiar with the great places in the tucked-away Commercial Center. As I recall we were considering going to Komol, one of our favorite Thai food restaurants and hangouts, when we saw that Namaste was finally open. We both love Indian food as she primarily eats vegetarian and Indian restaurants are easy targets for us.THE LUNCH BUFFET FOR $9 IS NOT TO BE MISSED! Indian buffets are hit-or-miss. Some will put out the standard dishes and only have one or two really yummy entrees set out. Not Namaste! They pull out all the stops and have many favorite dishes out at the same time. Mind you, the place is new, and many new places will start out this way and then go downhill, but I don't think this will be the case with Namaste. Chef and owner, Om Singh, has a reputation that precedes him in the culinary world and I suspect that the quality at Namaste will endure.We have eaten here many times since it has opened up and every meal has been outstanding. Most notably, the VEGETARIAN DINNER FOR TWO ($40) is perfect. From the first course to the last it is exceptionally yummy. The main courses are all super good and it was so plentiful we had a lot of left-overs for lunch the next day. And the dessert, especially the carrot one, is REALLY GOOD.The wait staff is very friendly and are constantly circling the floor. The atmosphere is decent and comfortable. I attend a discussion group every Sunday afternoon and we usually go out to dinner afterward. Komol is one of our regular haunts, but now it seems that Namaste will be our new default location.
5	I really love this place!Me and my friend went here for the lunch buffet a couple weeks ago after finding a coupon for it in one of the Vegas booklets. I think the coupon might've been buy 1 get 1 free, it was a really good deal. Once you walk in, you enter a somewhat small dining area with dark walls and dark furniture which gave it a pretty nice ambiance. Once you are seated, you just get up and go over to the buffet area. It looks pretty small, but what they have is more than enough! I tried EVERYTHING that was in the buffet and it was ALL DELICIOUS! I tried to eat as much as I possibly could because it was so good. My favorite was the Palak Panneer, it was just incredible!  I made 3 trips to the buffet just to get more and more of that.  I was so stuffed! I definitely recommend the lunch buffet for anyone that wants a nice taste of Indian food for a low price! I will be back here asap once I find someone to go with me!
3	Luncheon buffet - I sampled the pakora, Indian pickles, raita, tamarind and mint sauces, fresh naan, basmati rice, chicken and lamb curries, saag, sambar and gajar halwa.  We have never dined at an Indian buffet in Las Vegas, but it did not compare well to the ones we frequent in Connecticut
1	This is not the best Indian food in Vegas, I'm disappointed to say. The Buffet has not changed since folks last reviewedin fact it was the same lineup, the service was poor, I asked the waiter for Garam Masala rice, basic White Basmati with hot spices, but he could not make it happen.My family had never been to an Indian place and they loved it, could not stop talking about finally eating the lamb, got to love the Holidays.Final review:Basic Indian Buffet, 10 per person is an expensive lunch in this town, could be done a lot better, One Star
4	Was trying to go to Lotus of Siam next door, but line was too long, so we went here instead (which I assume is how they get most of their biz).  Food was good but nothing really stood out over other Indian joints.  My boyfriend and I shared the veggie dinner for 2, which was $40.  Service was good, restroom is very clean, place is nicely decorated.
2	Went for dinner with folks. Service spotty, starters awful, main course was OK. Mom ordered Chardonnay, for which the only descriptive word she could find was "Ganges".I am told that lunch buffet is good. I would not recommend for dinner.
2	Judging from the range of scores from other reviewers I think your liking of Namaste might be based on a particular preference toward Indian food done a specific way.I couldn't quite put my finger on what it was, but I just didn't enjoy my meal here very much.The Chicken Tikka Masala was filled with HUGE chunks of dark meat chicken. I'm not usually a fan of dark meat but Indian cuisine usually gets it to really blend with the sauces and spices. This wasn't the case here - it was like tasteless brown meat dipped on sauce.Meat and veg dishes on the lunch buffet were OK, but a little odd - Paneer mixed in with a dry sort of Veg offering was a little unusual and out of place.Overall OK, but not in my first few choices for Vegas Indian.
2	Had very high hopes for this place based on the rave reviews of our local food critics.  Unfortunately, I gotta give it a big thumbs down.Went for the lunch buffet so that is all I can speak about.  ALL the veggie dishes were super bland.  (Garbanzo bean dish was best of the bunch but that was it.)Butter chicken was also good.  The tandori (sp.) chicken was grey and completely unappealing looking.  Naan was fine but very greasy.  If you like spicy food like I do, this is not the place for you.Not sure where all the raves come for this place -- dinner menu maybe?  I like the nearby India Oven better for the lunch buffet.  All places have  good and bad days so YMMV as the cliche goes...
4	Quite a bargin for $10! The buffet was fresh, and was served with a basket of warm, buttery naan.The Saag Paneer was very good, and the Butter Chicken was a mildly spiced curry in a rich sauce The decor is simple and dark. a good place for a date.
5	Excellent food!  I'm not a particular fan of Indian food but I must say that this is definitely the best I've ever tasted.  Me and my fiancee came here for V-Day after hearing it was one of the most romantic restaurants in Vegas.  The location (Sahara and Commercial Center) is a bit of a grungy area but we go there to eat at Komol's quite often so the less than romantic exterior didn't bother me too much.  The interior is dimly lit and pretty cozy as well.  We got seated right away and had our orders taken within the next 10 minutes.  We had a vegetable (carrot, onion, and parsley) ensemble for our starter dishes which was quite spicy but very tasty.  I also had the vegetarian stir fry which was brought out on a steaming hot plate and smelled just as good as it tasted!  This dish had a typical stir fry 'onion-y' taste and came complete with cauliflower, red and green peppers, grilled tofu, and more parsley.  My main dish was a vegetarian curry and it was awesome!  I also had garlic naan and kashmiri naan which was also killer!  The kashmiri naan was naan with a cherry-like filling and it wasn't too sweet, complementing the buttery naan exterior very nicely.  I also had the rice pudding for dessert and it was standard like other rice puddings I've had before.  Food aside, the service was pretty good.  They were a bit slow in bringing our food out and that was a bit irritating.  We were there for almost 2 hours and we are definitely not slow eaters!  They got my order wrong three times during our visit.  The wine was the wrong one and decided to let that one slide but they brought out the wrong appetizer and wrong curry.  Still not sure how that happened, but I let them know I got the wrong dishes and they gladly replaced them with the right ones and pretty quickly, at that.  They also added a 10% percent discount on our bill and gave us extra naan.  Now that's service!  We didn't ask for the discount or naan so that was a real pleasant surprise.  They had a Valentine's special going so 4 dishes and a dessert with a glass of wine came out to be $40 a person which was actually pretty good considering the regular prices of the plates which averaged around $12 dollars each.  Overall, the service was a little slow but good and the food was awesome.  Definitely coming back to experience Namaste again in the future.
4	Not bad at all. I only heard of this place because of Restaurant.com's deal coupon's. I'm always looking for new places so when this came up I figured, WTH. Glad I did too. I went with my girl and some friends and got 2 orders of the "dinner for 2". The food was top-notch. Very yummy. The only drawback was the service. Now are waters were always full and such but that was from the busboy. The server left much to be desired. Now I'm not one to like the server there every 90 seconds asking how it was but damn this guy was SLOW on everything and in the end he ended up taking my coupon and splitting it between us and the other couple... WITHOUT asking. Needless to say I was not thrilled about that. Will I go back, for the food, yes, but not the service.
5	fantastic lunch buffet for the price ! friendly staff . delicious butter chicken and some crazy carrot salad dish that is like crack i couldnt stop! yum
4	My boss recommended this Indian restaurant to me and also the chicken korma while i was there. I ended up getting the chicken korma along with bombay salad, tandoori shrimp (on the pricier side), and garlic naan. SO DELICIOUS. the garlic naan was fantastic. the service wasn't anything spectacular, but i really enjoyed the meal pretty thoroughly. 4 stars for 4 great dishes. :).
5	Stepped into this place for a pre-show dinner because there was a wait at Lotus of Siam next door and will definitely be going back for more!For 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 premium beers and a dessert our bill was $51.We had the Vegetable Pakora, Onion Bahji & Paneer Naan to start things off. While we waited the waiter brought out some popadoms on the house with a sweet sauce and spicy sauce. Nice. For our main courses we had the Chicken Vindaloo (chicken & potatoes stewed with curry over rice) & Chicken Biriani(Chicken, cashew nuts, vegetables, basmati rice). I enjoyed everything we had, and though it was probably a mistake to get 2 fried appetizers the pakora & bhaji were great & the Naan bread was soft and tasty.The Vindaloo, for me, was perfect. It was spicy but not overpowering, and the flavors really came through in the sauce along with the tender and juicy chicken. It may not be as spicy as some Lotus regulars are used to but I thought it was spot on.The only complaint my gf had about her dish was that it could have used more cashews. I was skeptical when she ordered the carrot based dessert, but was surprised at how good it was..probably the healthiest dessert you will ever eat.The service was quick and friendly, and I hope this place sticks around, it didn't seem that busy at 8ish on a Tuesday...though we were surprised to see the Mayor and his wife walk through the door and sit at the adjacent booth midway through our meal!
4	My fav indian food restaurant for dinner~ We had the tasting set dinner for two people and everything was soooo flavorful.  The chicken tikka masala tasted great, i suppose they make it with really flavorful tandoori chicken, and the sauce has a great depth in taste.  The spinach paneer and lamb was also savory, and you can really have a good taste of the spices from their dishes. Went there last week for the buffet, everything was good but not a lot of variety.  Dinner was better.
4	Indian lunch buffets were on my mind, especially have hearing Misti Y. praise their deliciousness.We pull into Commercial Center at 1:45 pm on a Sunday.  As we park the car, we notice there aren't too many other cars parked out front.  Hmmm...As we open the door, what a shock to see!  The place was packed full of Indians!  This was a great sign! I wasn't sure if there was a wait with all the people standing around of if there was a private party.  With no one to greet us at the front, the Husband goes in search of an empty table.  He finds one last table at the far back and after checking with a waiter, I get the affirmative wave.  I tell him to start first on the buffet line.  Meanwhile, I ask a waiter for some utensils.When the waiter brings over our water, he apologizes as a tour group had just arrived, which explains all the craziness.  Nonetheless, an Indian tour group stops at Namaste in Commercial Center, of all places, for their lunch en route is still a good sign!My turn at the buffet line!  Now, I'm no expert on Indian buffets as I've been to only a couple.  But I think the spread was pretty good for $8.99!My favorite was the Vegetable Korma "Vegetable cooked in creamy cashew nut gravy finished with almond and garnished with coriander and cream."  This was good on rice or the hot naan "unleavened white bread" they provided.  I also liked the sauce from the Chicken Tikka Masala "Tender pieces of chicken breast roasted in homemade creamy tomato," however, we both found the chicken pieces itself to be dry.  I also liked the Allo Jerra, which were ultimately potatoes.The Husband was loving the Saag Paneer "Spinach cooked with homemade cheese" and the Goat Curry.  Other items on the buffet line were Pakara, a fried veggie, Cholle Masala, a dish with chickpeas; and a Cabbage Masala.  Something that was both new to us was the Uttapam, a thick pancake with a sour-like taste that was topped with a bit of tomato and onion.  Traditionally it's made from rice that has been fermented, which explains it's tangy taste.Finishing off the meal was the Kheer, "Traditional Indian rice pudding with nuts, flavored with cardamon and rose."At one point, I helped myself to the water pitcher.  (I wasn't sure if this was self serve since there were about four water pitchers right next to where we were sitting and the place was so crowded.  They did end up refilling my glass the next 4-5 times though.)  The waiters were pretty friendly to us once the crowd got settled in more and started clearing out.  They were quick to clear out our dirty dishes and refill the water glasses.Namaste also has a simple, but pleasant decor with its mango painted walls, which I'm sure makes one crave a mango lassi.Overall, definitely not a bad choice for an Indian buffet.  I was so stuffed from that meal that I didn't eat again until 10 pm that night! I don't know if it's always this busy on Sundays though, so keep that in mind!
4	Waking up late on a Sunday afternoon, and influenced by the Wife and some comments from Misti Y, we decided that our first meal of the day was going to be some Indian food at Namaste.  The restaurant is located in the Commercial Center right next to Lotus of Siam.  We were reassured to find the place packed full of hungry eaters, mostly of Indian descent (We later found out that most of the diners were from a tour group).  We were a bit worried about how we were going to score a table.  Luckily, there was one empty table to be found near the end of the buffet line.The food looked and smelled incredible.  I was starving, but I had to wait in line.  There was so much to choose from for this $8.99 lunch buffet.  I just followed suit and placed whatever everybody else ahead of me was grabbing:  I couldn't stop dipping my hot buttery naan into the green chutney.  It was tangy with a minty finish.  I also enjoyed heaps of my favorite Saag Paneer (creamy spinach with chunks of cheese).  Usually, at buffets, I find the Saag Paneer to be dried out, but here it was very wet.  For meat, I really liked the goat curry.  The meat was pungent and very tender.  The sauce was tasty and spicy and compliment well with the rice.   The dish that I did not enjoy was the chicken curry.  Those pieces of chicken breast was so dry, even though they were submerged in all that curry sauce.This is great place to go for an Indian lunch buffet.  We will definitely be back.  I hope to return for dinner at least to sample my other favorite Indian dish....lamb biryani and wash that down with a mango lassi.
4	This is a place you HAVE to try!  We usually go a couple of times per month for their lunch buffet.  We always eat too much of their food!  Last time we were there, the server came by with something that he wanted us to try and the sauce to go with it.  I thought it was so nice that he would go out of his way during the lunch buffet, but his tip did increase, so maybe that was his point!  Great service, great food, let's keep this place in business!
1	I've been to Namaste once and had the lunch buffet. The food seemed very stale and the quality passable. Not at all something we'd frequent again. The topper is the fact that Namaste has been shut down multiple times for health code violations. That just does not sit will with me.The recent reviews seem to suggest the food has improved. I'm not sure about that as I don't dare eat there after my first experience and their hygiene issues.
4	Coming from a tourist's perspective, Namaste was a welcome refuge from the crap on the Strip. Also $40 obviously goes a lot farther elsewhere.We ordered the Aloo Tikee appetizer after they were out of veggie Samosas and we were not disappointed.I had Lamb Tikka Masala and my girlfriend had the Malai Kofta. Everything was delicious with a perfect level of heat.We also enjoyed the dark wood decor and the service was pretty good.  I don't know what it's like normally because we were one of two tables in the place at 9 PM.One caveat...don't order coffee because they only have instant.
4	Unpretentious decor and friendly service  More importantly, the food is very good.  Order the chicken korma.  It rocks.  You won't be sorry you did.  The Naan kashmiri was unlike any other naan I'd had before.  In a good way.
4	First appearances can be deceiving!  Hubby and I were feeling a bit nervous when we pulled into the Sahara Commercial Center - that place just looks sad!  But oh, everything brightened when we walked into Namaste and tried their $9.99 lunch buffet.  Every single item tasted excellent - we filled our plates with all kinds of delicious things like butter chicken, navaratna korma, aloo palak, masala mutton ... and then the waiter brought us a basket of fresh hot butter naan to the table.  Oh yeah!  But it got even better, several minutes later, he brought us a freshly cooked plate of uttapam - yes you read that right!   We love South Indian snacks and it's just not so easy to find that here in Vegas.  That little touch pushed us into masala bliss!    The other cool thing that will draw us back for a dinner is that they serve quite a few Goan specialties, such as chicken xacutti and Goan shrimp curry - all quite amazing and different from their Northern Indian style counterparts.  Happy eating!
5	Tandoori chicken here is awesome. I've been several times but it's been 2-3 months so when I went back I was suprised to see they changed ownership. We were greeted by a sweet lady who took our owner. After our food was delivered quickly, she serenaded our table and 2 others karaoke style. Gurl can sang! Nice, cute touch so I'll definitely come back. The buffet here is a really good deal so you can try a little bit of everything. I d pay a few bucks more if they offered my favorite here - lamb vindaloo!
4	i went for the lunch buffet to try a variety of dishes and they did not disappoint. A perfect balance of vegetarian and meat dishes. There was a couple of dishes that had some kick but not where it overwhelmed the dish entirely. I will be returning for the dinner menu soon!!
3	Good cooking here, for a hole in the wall place.Service was poor, one person for the whole diningroom, cashier and hostess, 1 person doing it all.I arrived at 1pm, sadly they do not refresh their buffet!!!it was dried up. It still tasted fine, but not very apetizing.So get there early. And enjoy the super oily naan!
5	Wow!  We stopped in for lunch and we were pleasantly surprised. The lunch buffet was great. Some Indian buffets only have a few basic foods and skimp on the naan and chutneys. Not this place!They had all of your favorites, plenty of chutneys and kept fresh naan on our table the entire time. I can't say enough good things about this place. Make sure you stop in for the lunch buffet and maybe you will be lucky enough to be serenaded by the nice woman who works here. Overall, great place and we will return the next time we are in Vegas.
5	Namaste - Hello, I've been waiting quite awhile to meet you.  I came today to try your lunch buffet, and it's every bit as good as others have commented!I ate mostly vegetarian dishes because they were so good and they came first on the buffet.  There wasn't much room for anything else.  Well yes there was, but the vegetarian selections were excellent!For plate one, I had some Saag Paneer, Dal Maknni, Butter chicken and another chicken whose name I can't remember. (Note to self - bring a notepad).  The spiciness of the first two dishes--the vegetarian ones--was simply superb!  The spices were not overpowering but were just right.  There was also a little bite which is always welcome.For plate two, I had some Aloo Korma, Fried cabbage, Eggplant Bartha, and some more Dal Maknni.  Again, the flavors were outstanding.Plate three - I tried three of their chutneys - tamarind, coconut, and mint.  They were all good, but the tamarind was my favorite.  I used them as a condiment on my naan.  While it was not needed--the naan was excellent--I did want to try the chutneys alone and this was the bets option for me.My last dish was a small bowl of mango custard that was a perfect ending to the meal.  Service was right on.  Dishes were removed, iced tea refilled, and the waiter checked on me often to see if there was anything I needed. The hostess was a simply lovely woman who was very friendly.  She had to leave while I was eating to run an errand, and she came over and thanked me for coming by and asked me to return. Top notch customer interaction!I will be back!  Now I need to nap!Again, hello Namaste!
5	Let it be known I'm not the biggest fan of Indian food. I don't like spicy food, I hate whatever it is that makes curry yellow (tumeric?), and don't get me started on the carbs ! Indian buffets are typically more pain than pleasure for me, but I'm always down to join a group at an Indian buffet every so often for variety sake. I've been to 5 or so Indian buffets in my life, but this one tops them all ! I might just bend my "only eat Indian a few times a year" rule for this place. The ownership is new-ish (they bought the place back in June). The owners are super sweet, and most importantly the food is awesome. Like I said, I don't enjoy Indian food but I can't get their butter chicken out of my head. I've never had such amazing butter chicken before ! I put myself in a disgusting naan & butter chicken food coma, I just couldn't stop eating it. I will say the offerings are relatively small, but they are all quality. Everything was fresh and tasty and made with care. While the food, atmosphere, and price ($9.99) were all right on point, the highlight of my meal was when the owner serenaded us with Unforgettable by Natalie Cole! She literally picked up a mic, piped in some back ground music and points to my table and says "this one goes out to the three ladies to my right" LOL. Sheer awesomeness. I've never seen owner "karaoke" in an Indian buffet before ! The new owner rocks - personable, good with food, and moonlights as a lounge singer. I felt nothing but love the entire time we were there. Yup, it's decided, despite the carbs & ensuing pain from too much butter chicken - I might just have to come back here more often !
4	Excellent food. I loved the kadai chicken and malai kofta. Hostess offered us complimentary rice which was nice of her.Would prefer to have the servers dressed a bit professionally rather than street clothes.
3	The new ownership of Namaste, improved Health Department standard as well as stellar reviews and recommendations made me suggest this as the place for a co-worker's birthday lunch. I shared the Yelp link with all and we were waiting with anticipation to partake in a bevy of curries and mop that up with Naan.Namaste is really well done up. Dark wood paneling, soft muted lighting, cosy booths...I can see how this place could be the setting for quite the romantic date night (although Indian food may not be something you want to be eating on the first few dates!). Melque (?) the owner was very very personable. She checked up on us multiple times and sang a song ("Ungforgettable") during lunch. Yes, it was a little strange and hard to talk to my table but she did have a good voice and she's just so sweet. Now the food...I only ate vegetarian since...I am vegetarian...a fairly extensive selection at Namaste so that was really nice. There were the usual salads and chutneys all of which were very fresh. The Navaratan Korma (mixed vegetable curry) was really really good, the soft basmati rice with peas also very comforting and the dal makhani was creamy and tasty. I wasn't a fan of the Uthapam and Sambar. The Uthapam was too sour (I guess the batter fermented a little too long) and I'm reiterating my usual complaint that no restaurant knows what Sambar is in Las Vegas. The Aloo Gobi and Spinach and Potato Puree were passable.We got a basket of Garlic Naans that was tasty but rather tough and dry. My co-workers enjoyed the carnivorous fare but everyone asked me the same thing when we left..."When are we going to Mount Everest again?"I'll definitely be back as Namaste is one of the better buffets in town and the service and ambiance is really top notch.
4	We got free tickets to a show at the Hilton last night and were looking for a restaurant to try in the general area. I've read a lot of good reviews for Namaste so we decided to give it a try. I had thought about going there a couple of times but could never bring myself to do it. I love LOS and just couldn't imagine walking past LOS to go to another restaurant. I'm glad I decided to do so last night.We ordered garlic naan, chicken biriani (waitress' suggestion/house specialty), paneer malai (cheese in a creamy onion sauce), and kheema mutter (ground lamb in a curry sauce).We were given papadum to start. It was good and I really liked the mint chutney that accompanied it. I wasn't as fond of the tamarind chutney, but that's because I'm not a big fan of tamarind.My wife had a mango lassi. She said it was good but that she's had better. She prefers hers a little thicker and sweeter.The garlic naan was good but was a little under-cooked and doughy. The chicken biriani was my wife's favorite. I liked it quite a bit, but it was a tad too minty for me. My favorite was the lamb curry. I thought the flavors were really well-balanced. The paneer malai was our least favorite, though we still liked it quite a bit. It was a tad sweet for me. They also gave us regular naan which was good and buttery.About half way through our dinner, the waitress began to sing. She had a really nice voice. Because of her accent, some of the words were a little off on pronunciation or cadence, but overall I enjoyed her singing. My one complaint was that she had the volume up pretty high, which made it very hard to talk while she was singing. She only sang a few songs though, so it wasn't too disruptive.Overall, we enjoyed our meal quite a bit. Next time we're going to try the lunch buffet which one of the waiters recommended (as do a bunch of Yelpers). Namaste's pretty close to my office so if it's good, I may become a regular.
4	Don't let the sketchy exterior of this place fool you. It's actually a pretty nice and clean restaurant. The owner who also is the main entertainer is really nice and has a great singing voice. There was also a belly dancer who kept things lively and entertaining as well.Food was reasonably priced and very good. Everyone in our 13 people group enjoyed their food very much. Three of us shared the Lamb Vindaloo and the Tandori grill plate. That was freaking delicious...very good seasoning and flavor on the chicken, lamb and shrimp. My only complaint is about the Naan...it was a bit too toasted and not soft like what I'm used to. But no biggie..it was still very good.Overall this place was a hit..the main reason I can't give it 5 stars is mainly due to the service. Although the waiters were friendly, they seemed a bit confused and the food took a long time to come out. Which I'm sure was due to our large party. Other than that I would definitely recommend this place.
4	Vegas is a mecca for many great food genres. Unfortunately Indian is not one of them. Luckily, in this wasteland there is Namaste.This is my favorite Indian buffet in town. They keep the line fresh and clean and there are tons of options. I remember reading an article in the LV Weekly claiming they have the best chicken in town. Now that may be a bit of an overstatement, but their Tandori chicken is pretty delicious. When I'm in the area, it's hard for me not to end up at Komol, but I'm sometimes able to fight the urge and end up at Namaste.I could do without the karaoke while I eat, but it is pretty entertaining (ie humorous).Lunch or dinner. It's all good.
4	Butter Chicken!If you know me, I should be able to write those two words and be done with this review. For everyone else, well I guess I'll keep going.With all the great reviews about Namaste's lunch buffet, I've been meaning to try it for quite some time. I finally had the excuse last weekend with one of my meetup groups. Situated in Commercial Center, it's not the nicest neighborhood, but being right next to Lotus of Siam, they have certainly associated themselves with a good neighbor.The interior is well-decorated with quite a bit of wood trim. The buffet area isn't huge, but provides a good selection. For me though, it's all about the Butter Chicken. All I need is Butter Chicken and Naan for dipping and I'm a happy camper. It's just so freakin' delicious.I should mention a little tidbit. We were all enjoying our meals and conversation when we suddenly heard one of the owners get up to sing karaoke. She didn't pick easy songs either. She sang Celine's My Heart Will Go On and Whitney's Saving All My Love. She was actually pretty good. It was just unexpected.Random karaoke aside, $10 AYCE definitely makes me a fan of this place. The service is friendly and the food is very good. I just wish it wasn't so far from my house.
3	Okay so we went while at CES and they were pretty busy that night however it took 30 mins for them to come back to my table to see if I needed anything and I actually needed water. We also asked for a goat dish and they made it with lamb instead.  The food was pretty good however not as refined as my fave Amber India in the bay area.  The owner sang, however I wish she were singing Indian music because I really dont care for Mrs Dion. I might try it again because I think service was off due to CES, but I reserve a star because I am not completely sold.  Yelpers seem to be very disappointed with Origins but they are next on my list.  Any other Indian recommendations? So far I think Mantra might be my fave.
5	Stellar!!The food is authentically awesome. Melke, the new owner is the sweetest little thing! She even sing you some some songs as you dine.I recently landed back in Vegas and had ZERO groceries in the fridge. We decided based upon proximity to pop into Namaste for a regular ol' meal. Boy was I surprised with the warm reception, great entertainment and fantastic chow! I actually felt like I went on a little vacation - it was such a great escape.Victor and the rest of the crew are real kind and fun as well. Thanks guys for making that and numerous times since then a wonderful experience.
5	Stopped in Namaste for an extended lunch the other day with a date.  After striking up a convresation, Melque the "new" owner serenaded us for a full set!  What a treat!  She checked on us frequently and talked with us quite a bit about her home of Goa, India.  Food is lighter and fresher than some other spots in town, consistently good and the buffet is frequently replenished.  Great value considering the price.  What I love most about this place (besides the ultra convenient central location) is the dark, sultry wood decor.  I treasure the places in Vegas that DON'T feel like Vegas...and Namaste fits the bill. The energy in the place is authentic...and I came out feeling strangely rejuvenated and refreshed...I thought it was just lunch??
5	Fantastic food. After reading the reviews I thought I would give this restaurant a try. What a gem! This has to be one of the best Indian food dining experiences I've  had.  All dishes ordered were delicious. We missed the lunch buffe where we could have tasted more dishes but we did experience 5 different entrees.Service was attentive and friendly.  Melque, the owner and entertainer (She has a lovely voice) made our dinner quite memorable.  We will go back.
4	Small local restaurant, but cheap price, good food, and lovely owner sing a song for you.
4	This was really a treat. The owner is warm and willing to discuss the menu in detail. She planned a meal for me and my wife that was really delicious--some of the best lower-priced Indian I've had. Wonderful veggie curry and a Brihani my wife couldn't get enough of. Highly recommended.
4	I went with a friend on a thursday night and it was dead. The service was prompt and the food was great. I recommend the somosas, tandoori sampler and garlic naan.
4	The food was pretty good. The lady owner was really nice. She also sang karaoke while we were eating. Price is great.
5	Namaste's food, whether buffet or dinner plates, is consistently some of the best Indian food I've ever had.
4	This was our first venture dining away from the strip & it was a huge success. Truly this was one of the best Indian food experiences of my life... second only to restaurants in Singapore. Fresh, complex, delicious ingredients prepared with care. The breads were outstanding. The vegetarian dishes were superb. And the whole meal was CHEAP. Win!
5	Awesome place.  We stopped in last night and after deciding to try something new.  This place hit the spot and they were also having an "Open Mic" night.  Which was kinda weird in a cool sort of way.The owner Melque was really nice and she recommended some dishes for us.  Our waiter Rob was really great and personable.  Toward the end of our meal, Melque got up and sang a song!  Overall this place was great!
3	Went there for lunch. It was buffet style. We had never eaten Indian food before and wanted something new. While the food that was there was very flavorful, there was not much selection. My wife thought it was a little spicy, which means it is just right for me. The signs above the food told the name of it, but not being famaliar with Indian food it didn't mean anything to us. They could put a brief explanation of the food on the card to help us. Maybe next we'll try dinner as the menu has descriptions. The only reason it got 3 stars not 2,was the service. The owner I think was also the server and the entertainment, she sang during the meal. She was very attentive and another server was checking frequently to refill our water. All around a good experience for the flavor of the food,and service, the selection not so much. We will try it again, but only for dinner though.
4	The lunch buffet is great! The dinner is pricey and the portions are a little too small. The lunch buffet never leaves me unsatisfied and never breaks my wallet!
5	Great food! I finally found an Indian restaurant in Vegas after 3 years of being here. It was kind of funny actually I got a groupon for this restaurant and finally was able to use it. It was Saturday night and when I walked in this little Indian woman was singing "I will always love you". :) I didn't expect that but she has a great voice. Then as soon as she was finished with the song she said that a belly dancer would be out shortly. It was kind of funny this whole night of entertainment when I had only expected to find a mediocre restaurant with mediocre food. My friend ordered this awesome soup- spinach and chicken I think. Yummy. Our main dishes were lamb vindaloo and chicken tika masala. They were both so delicious. The nan was fresh and fluffy. The owner (the singer) came by to see how we were doing, and because I was so impressed with the food I wanted to hug her. We got to talking and she was really nice that she made me decide on the spot that not only would it be one of my favorite restaurants, but all my friends favorite too. Can't wait to go back.
4	Our advance notice 1 PM wkday lunch group of 10 went 4-7-2011, were nearly the only customers at that time. We all liked it! Not one real complaint. The darling mngr sang for us and the waiter gave descriptions and discussed the food on the buffet which was well stocked.  Everything was delicious! We will all go again.
4	Pretty good food.  Friendly staff.
4	Food here is great.  Whether it be the lunch buffet or dinner menu.  Not too fond of the evening singer they have at the restaurant. But food is great, hands down!
5	this is absolutely the best indian food i have ever had anywhere. i would highly recommend anyone that reads this review to go here and eat. order the paneer shashlik as your appitizer, you will not be disappointed.
5	Yep! I have visited Namaste twice within the last six months, both times for dinner.  Outside of it being in Commercial Center (a relatively seedy side of Vegas) this restaurant rocks.  The interior of the location is very dark and ominous and absolutely perfect for a romantic evening.We were greeted by the owner who was an energetic as possible.  Our drink orders were placed and delivered within a short amount of time and then the waiter assisted us with our dining options.We decided upon a Lamb Josh, Garlic Naan and the Butter Chicken.  I have had butter chicken before, but none as succulent as this.  This was very fragrant, juicy and just downright delicious. It has to be some of the best Butter Chicken I have ever had, hands down.  The Lamb was also very tasty and was not heavy at all. The Naan was also very good.Very few restaurants make you want to try everything on their menu at least once...this is that place.  The food is addictive and when coupled with the ambiance of the location, it just made it a downright special place to go.I would highly recommend this plae to family and friends.
5	We were visiting Vegas from out of town for the weekend and Yelp reviews point us to Namaste! This place is great! The food, service and owner/singer are absolutely fabulous! The owner and staff are happy to recommend items on the menu for those that aren't so familiar with Indian food. All recommendations were DELICIOUS! Every time we are in town, we will dine at Namaste!
3	First Indian Place I have been to in las vegas and i was excited. I had read the reviews on yelp and was anxious to try the place out.You walk in and immediately you are succumb to a dark, woody, quiet environment. It is calm, soothing and relaxing. The booths were nice and big and very comfy.I deducted a star because as an American, I should always have the option to American drinks. No tea, no lemonade, no soda. Water or Lassi seemed to be our only option and I was disappointed in that.The food was good, not great. I have had definately had better Indian Food. I was extremely happy that they had Butter Chicken but in my opinion it should have been a little more creamier. The tandori chicken didn't seem authentic either. So that was big a NO for me.The naan, wasn't the freshest or softest I have had either. Maybe it was the day we went but I felt they should have had more variety for chutneys.The buffet itself was a bit pricey for the amount of different choices they offered. I did like most of what I had. Very filling. Ate one and half plates.No indian people eating there either. That should have been my number one sign.I would go back - maybe.
5	Really wonderful place and amazing food. The owner is SO authentic, and you cant help to feel the care and love she puts in the dishes and each customer is so important to her. The restaurant is very clean and cozy too. So nice to be in a tranquil enviroment in las vegas, even though it is in that crazy strip mall.......you are 100% transported and only are reminded as you head to your car. Try the Samoas, Tikka Marsala, chicken soup, and dont miss the garlic nann.No doubt we will be back....Big Thanks to Groupon, to help to have us check it out....it is a homerun! Om Namah Shivaya
5	Namaste owner Melque Rodrigues is the hardest-working woman in the Las Vegas restaurant business. She greets customers, seats them, serves them, sings for them (you gotta hear her Whitney Houston and Ella Fitzgerald!), then rings up their (affordable) check. She, alone, is reason enough to visit the Indian restaurant. But there are many others, including a relaxing atmosphere (booths, mood lighting, dark wood floors and walls), convenient location (in historic Commercial Center, just east of the Strip) and delicious food (start with the lamb chops and move on to the aloo gobi). Skip the overpriced, overrated and impersonal restaurants on the Strip and in the 'burbs and visit this independent up-and-comer.
2	Food was mediocre, we were forced to listen to karaoke and it took forever to get our change. On the upside, the lady was super nice! P.S. Do not order the lamb sagwaala unless you like salsa.
2	Sadly, I have to withdraw my previously positive review and add my recent unpleasant experience.  Previously, I had only visited for the lunch buffet, which is good and reasonably priced.  Dinner is a different story.  I purchased a groupon because I have always enjoyed this place.  (Except, of course, the owner's occasional need to karaoke.  Can someone tell her that she is too loud and not Whitney Houston?)  We attempted to go there two weeks ago, but the roof had a flood.  We spoke with the owner for a few minutes.  We walked in at 6pm and there was still a three foot by four foot puddle on the floor.  She rents the space, but why not clean it up?  So, we returned there last night to try again.  The food was good, not great and the rice was sparse.  So, when we asked for our left overs to go, we asked if we could get a little more rice to take home with us.  There was an additional $2 charge on the bill for rice.  This was the big deal: She wrote in an 18% tip on the overall bill!  Now, I would have completely understood if she wrote a quick note on the side with the calculations for 15%, 18%, and 20% tip on the total bill.  But to write in the tip on a table for two just because we were using a groupon is uncalled for.  My friend, who was paying the difference, was so mad, so crossed it off and gave her a 13% tip.  Lastly, when the owner is serving me, I feel less bad about the tip considering that is not how she makes her wages, unlike normal wait staff.
4	The BF and I have been watching a lot about Indian food lately so we're on a kick for some. I've had this bookmarked for a long time and wanted to see what the fuss is about. When we walked in, the owner was belting out some tunes so we just waited for her to finish to get our drinks in. I'm Filipino so I've been disenfranchised and subjected to a lot of karaoke. Some people might like the entertainment, but fair warning that if you're not keen on it, you might catch one song but not a whole performance. We did the buffet for $10.99. I also ordered a mango lassi, good but standard. The spread was decent. With 2 chicken dishes, 6 or so veggie dishes, salad, chutneys/raita, naan,rice, spongy little cakes (dont know the name), potato pakora, rice pudding and oranges for sweets. We both thought it was decent, but this is not our favorite lunch buffet. The standout for me was the saag which had a nice gingery flavor and creamy texture  and the refreshing rice pudding. I wish the naan wasn't premade and was fresh made as some of them were really crunchy for sitting out. The flavors were good, but I don't like that some of the items were precut bagged vegetable mix  and they were doing their supply order while we were there and it confirmed what was frozen and what was not. I know times aren't the best for businesses, but fresh vegetables is one of the reasons why I'm drawn to Indian food. I would say it was a 3.5 star buffet, I'll round up as the service was very warm, friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is nice. I just don't think I will be coming that often when we both have a love for a place we know uses better quality ingredients and we built a repoire with already.
5	Love this place!  Melque is absolutely adorable and makes every visit that more special with her warmth.  The food is to die for.  Hands down best Indian cuisine I've had.
3	A group of us went here before going to a show. The food was average, but the best part of the evening was when the waitress put down her tray and started singing a karaoke version of "I Will Always Love You.". The key change was hilarious and she belted it like she was Celine or something. Best part was, it is next to Lotus of Suam which is far better in quality!!
3	1 star for good curries1 star for ambiance1 star for clean rest roomI have taken stars off forhard basmati riceand the service. Also heard the waiter and the owner quarreling over some leaves that the waiter wanted to take but was denied.
5	Food Is amazing. Went with another and ordered the Namaste special meat option for 2, and it was more then enough for the both of us. The waitress/Owner was more then kind, and even sang for us. (Quite the Multi-Tasker : ) The flavoring was exceptional, and the Lassi was good and thick. 5 stars!
5	This is going to be short and sweet. The food was amazing and the owner lovely and genuine.
3	Not bad food. The karaoke though was a bit much and ruins any conversation you may be trying to have w/ a friend...the lady singing looks like an indian halle berry...SWEAR! Oh yeah...the area of town its in...don't reccomend it late at night...kinda weird crowd in the parking lot.
1	This place is in a horrible neighbor hood. So if you choose to go here, then do get a cab or car. We walked there and felt very insecure. Place is dark and dingy. I didnt have the courage to try the restrooms. Horrible food. Pathetic ambience. We went there for a Sunday Buffett, they were clearly not prepared. Their food containers were half full, may be it was left over food from Saturday. In fact, when one of the vegetables was over, I asked them to get more.., they put water in it and got it back. Bread service was slow and poor. Save your money. Don't go here! Try something more popular on the strip.
5	Just had the lamb josh and lamb vindaloo, both were amazing. The highlight of the night was the panner shashlik. Simply amazing. A great night. We will certainly be back.
1	Its a mission to find an Indian restaurant that has good food, good service, and good value at dinner time. Indian food is generally enjoyed at their self-serve lunch buffets. But I had a craving for some curry at 7pm.I have to say I have never received such poor service in my life. The waiter wasn't rude 'per se' but his way of speaking was very condescending. Every question or comment we had he rolled his eyes or had something very short to say. CLEANLINESS = NO! The person I was dining with dropped their napkin on the floor on their way to the bathroom. An Indian woman who appeared to be either the owner or the manager proceeded to pick it up (OFF THE FLOOR) and place it on top of our table (where we will eat). I was absolutely disgusted and demanded another napkin.The lamb we ordered was such poor quality. It was very gamy and was overcooked and dry. We ordered plain and garlic naan. The garlic naan had good flavor but they were both overcooked and almost crispy. I can't remember what our 2nd entree was but it obviously wasn't worth remembering.Good ratings mean nothing to me if the food quality (and especially cleanliness) isn't there. EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE.
4	decent place. I really liked there garlic naan. Also, there butter chicken had great flavor. Those were the choices i got from the yelp reviews, wanted to try the sashlik but it was made out of cottage cheese so maybe I'll try next time when I'm in the mood. Got the meat appetizer also, it was ok. I'd probably be back for the naan and the butter chicken.
4	This is a very unique Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  The ambiance is very pleasant and relaxing. We were greeted with a very warm welcome and introduced to some of their specials.  We ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, butter chicken, garlic naan and vegetables biriani.  It was all very delicious and nicely presented.Melque's singing was a plus to the dining experience. She sang from her heart and has a soulful voice. The Lunch buffet here is also very reasonably priced and offers a wide selection.  This is definitely one of my favorite Indian restaurants.
3	First off the owner has an amazing voice.  And if you talk to her enough you can get her to sing you a song.The buffet has a nice selection of both vegetarian and non vegetarian foods.  They lose a star in some of the food being over seasoned.   I do deduct a star for not having the best naan which I think is essential to Indian cuisine.Still it was an enjoyable experience there and the service is great.
4	I would honestly give this 3.5 stars. We've only had the lunch buffet and their fresh nan bread is AMAZING. The butter chicken was very flavorful and rich, saag paneer had firm paneer chunks and chicken tandori was juicy. They had a decent amount of selection and the food was warm/hot. The lady that was serving us was nice and friendly. My only problem with this place is that they put a lot of cream into the buffet (a trick used get customers full faster) and you can feel that when you're done eating. Their masala chai was very bland as well and just tasted like plain tea. In all until I try their dinner menu I'm not overly impressed with this place but I have to say their nan bread is one of the best ever and we will go back just for that.
3	I have only been here for lunch.  They have a great lunch buffet. Naan is fresh and tandori chicken is tasty.  Service was above average and attentive.The price is reasonable and I'll return again for lunch.  Considering the casual ambiance, I don't think I would consider this place for a night out of Indian food.  By all means, check out the lunch buffet for a quick, tasty Indian meal.
4	We went to Namaste and took a friend who was visiting Vegas.  He had been several times to India.  We are big fans of Indian food and we all loved this place!  We ordered off the menu, even though it was lunch time (buffet available) and had just a lovely meal.  I had the lamb vindaloo, which was amazing, some of the best I've had, but not like any I've had before.  This one had a very unique flavor, more tomato taste and quite lovely.  Chicken Tiki Masala was also incredible, but I think the best thing was the house specialty shrimp.  The naan was good and soft and hot.  Melque, the owner, even treated us to two songs.  I will dine at Namaste again, a lot.  Loved it.
4	Go for the lunch buffet, stay for the great service!The spread was pretty decent, with a couple chicken dishes and lots of vegetarian options. the tandoor chicken was juicy, surprising for a buffet, but my favorite was probably the cabbage. I also enjoyed the chutneys and the dessert. Pass on the plain mango lahsee. The butter chicken was ok, but I like a really creamy chicken with legs and thighs not chicken breast. I'm convinced white people want white meat and complain so that's why it's made with breast, but what do I know anyway?This is so far the tastiest Indian food I have had in Las Vegas. I'm not sure if dinner will ever happen because for now, the lunch buffet is a great price to try a few different dishes.
4	Great place for a quick, easy lunch for great and tasty Indian food.  From one end of the buffet to the other, the lunch menu offered great tasting food.  Great food always starts with fresh ingredients, and the freshness in Nasmaste's food really shines through.  The owner was super pleasant and really a pleasure to speak with.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for delicious food, Indian or otherwise (I'm actually not a fan, but I loved the food).  The restaurant has a nice clean look that is soft and comfortable.  The service was great too.
4	This review is for their lunch buffet. I came in around 1pm after a day at the Korean spa. They are open from 11:30pm-2:30pm for lunch and then reopen at 5pm for dinner. Yet again I almost missed out on a solid place because I was going to walk out. First glances can be deceptive, especially when you walk into an empty restaurant in the middle of lunch hours. I decided to stay anyways due to all the high reviews of this place. I cannot say that Yelp has lead me astray. The lunch buffet is smaller than other restaurants and does not offer saag. I was disappointed to see that their paneer is without the homemade cheese cubes. I did enjoy their butter chicken and aloo gobi though. In the beginning, I was counting all of my favorite items that was missing, but after a few bites I was enjoying what they did offer. Unlike other places, the items in the warmers were kept piping hot. Nothing was lukewarm. The fried potatoes retained a crispiness that is normally unheard of in buffets. Overall I was impressed with how attentive the owner was. She cleared plates, refilled my water, and checked up on me frequently. I overheard her conversation about the restaurant having a tough time, but she doesn't let it show in the quality of the food. I hope their business picks up, because it is a solid option for those not too familiar with Indian or someone who loves butter chicken (Which I don't see too often on the line).
4	This review is for dinner service and not the lunch buffet. We dined here Saturday night and overall experience was enjoyable. The restaurant was fairly empty (two other tables occupying the space) which was slightly worrisome. Our server was also the owner and she was pleasant and sweet. We started off with a bottle of Cabernet and two appetizers: Chicken Pakoras and Vegetable Samosas. I was not particularly impressed with either, but 2 out of the 4 in our party enjoyed both. Our entrees were following: Butter Chicken (very good), Saag Paneer (nothing special), Goan Shrimp Curry (my favorite out of our choices, exceptionally good), Lamb Tikka Masala (also good), Chicken Vindaloo (did not try, but rest of the party enjoyed). We also had four orders of garlic naan which seemed a little too crispy for my liking. Although not perfect, the food and service here are well above par. I will definitely be returning to sample more of their menu and of course indulge in more Goan Shrimp Curry!
4	Went in here for dinner with a friend and was pleasantly surprised.  I tried the buffet in order to maximize my dinner with different options. Everything tasted great. The butter chicken and the chicken curry were both my favorite. The owner was very pleasant and helpful in explaining things to me, with it being my first time eating Indian food. It was definitely a good dining experience and with the food being so delicious I will definitely go back!
2	It made me a little sad to eat here because I really had to go out of my way and into a shady area to experience some lame food. At least the service was good and the owner is pretty funny and charismatic.So, the food. I was here specifically for the lunch buffet. I'm sure if it was bustling full of people it wouldn't be as lame. It was clearly just sitting there. It had a film over the top. Usually most places at least stir the food around to avoid this effect. So, the stale food was just ok. Nothing special. I'm sure it would be a little better fresh, and a lot better with more than a handful of items to pick from.I can't speak for made-to-order items during dinner, but definitely avoid this place for lunch. It just isn't worth it.
4	One of the best Indian restaurants we've eaten at in the Vegas area.  We went here for our anniversary, and the food was good and the atmosphere was fun.
5	We went there on a Sep long weekend.The interior is Ok. but the food is amazing. We had a chat with the owner she was really nice. She is an amazing singer. She even dedicated a song for us. We were there for 3 nights so night before this we had dinner in Gandhi's which is good to but this is better :) and the customer service is amazing. Will definitely recommend  it.Ahhn and if you plan to go try the malai dish it is delicious.Little expensive though.
4	6 of us ate here and thoroughly enjoyed Melque's advice on what to order. The food was amazing. What we weren't expecting was also her entertainment! She sang so richly while we ate. What a treat! I highly recommend eating here! Delicious! We will return!
5	I stand by my belief that I hate buffets.  BUT, if you make a buffet that is compact (meaning small and only consisting of delicious dishes), steps from where I am sitting and slap a $10.99 price tag on it, then you and I can dance.  Namaste's lunch buffet is all those things.  This is a small restaurant, so no matter where you are sitting, you are close to the action.  The naan bread is fresh out of the oven and worth the brief wait so it comes out piping hot and delicious.  My favorite, as is true of most Indian restaurants, was the butter chicken.  The only con is that there were no samosas on the bar but, frankly, much like sushi, samosas are never good on a buffet anyway.  The little lady who is running this place is maybe the cutest little thing ever.  I wanted to put her in my pocket and take her home with me (which is made even weirder by the fact that I am maybe an inch taller than her haha). So nice and genuine and you can really tell she takes pride in her place.  She told my friend and I that she sings nightly.  Wish the neighborhood were close to my home so I could stop in here for dinner sometime and check it out.  But no doubt, I'll be hitting up this lunch buffet again soon.
3	I'd been to Namaste several times for dinner and once for lunch in the past, but it had been far too long of a lapse from going.  Decided to go for lunch today since I'm still embarked on "Las Vegas Indian Lunch Buffet Tour 2012" and inexplicably had not tried it in long enough to warrant a review.I was actually very impressed with the times I went to Namaste for dinner.  One of those occasions would have warranted a 5 and the other a 4, so I should be ashamed of myself for not posting a review then and instead hitting them with a 3 for today's lunch buffet, but that's exactly what I'm going to do.Let me start off by saying service was fantastic, and the gentleman who seated us was very friendly and made sure my iced tea stayed flowing (iced tea was delicious by the way, it was one of those fruit flavored kinds which I'm not certain of, but very tasty nonetheless) and that there was always a plate of hot naan at the table.  The first portion we received of naan was excellent.  Soft, fresh and with a great flavor.  The 2nd plate was a little overcooked and therefore too crispy for my liking, but overall the naan was fine.  As for the selections on the actual buffet, I was a tad disappointed.  A minor gripe is layout wise the rice was at the end of the line.  I think it works much better at the front so I can keep piling all the various curries and dals over the rice, instead of vice versa which is what I ended up doing.   As for the food itself, I was a big fan of the Saag (hooray for it not being Saag Paneer like I normally find at buffets as I can't handle the cheese).   I also thought the Potato Pakora was delicious and unique to any pakora offerings I've had elsewhere.  The chicken curry was a fine version, and the piece of chicken I ended up with were very tender and flavorful.   The rest of it was fairly average to me.  It could just be a preference thing, but I found most of the other offerings to be very thin in consistency, almost soup like, while I guess I tend to prefer a thicker dal or curry with my rice.   When I'd try to scoop a spoonful of most of these onto my plate, they immediately would go all over the entire plate and mix into everything else.  If you've read my other reviews you know I generally like this when I eat Indian food, but the point is I like to do it MYSELF, to be the master of my own domain so to speak.  Generally I also just found the offerings limited compared to my favorite lunch buffets Mt Everest and Mint.  I'm a samosa fiend so not having those effects me (and Namaste makes a fine version from what I've had at dinner).   I would have also liked to see more meat offerings (they had 3 chicken dishes, but 2 were prepared in butter or yogurt so they were off limits to my sensitive, annoying tummy).   It's quite possible I caught them on a day with a selection that just didn't suit my needs, but even if that's the case the fact that I've never caught Everest or Mint in that situation speaks volumes to me.
5	Myself and Wife had visited Vegas for ??? - Yes Pure fun and stumbled on Namaste Indian Cuisine. It was the best food we had in Vegas. The owner Melque was so kind and attentive and always going out of way to make us feel comfortable. The food was of course amazing and me being Vegan - I was just amazed at the choices. So we decided to go back again before we left Vegas for Buffet and the food again was just excellent. Everything was fresh and service always the best. To top off the wonderful food - Melque( the owner - a professional singer ) also sang some beautiful notes for us and made our lunch special. So what can you ask more - Good food - Good Music and Good Ambiance. We will surely be back when we are in Vegas - We miss you Melque!!!!!!! and of course the wonderful food - Please open one in Denver CO and we will be your loyal customers!! Keep up the great service and food.Sairam Hiremagalur and Sinduja RaghavanDenver CO
2	I was in Las Vegas for a trip in the month of august with my friends.The lunch buffet was about to close in 30 minutes when we walked in and i felt we were late for the lunch. The ambiance was ok and staff paid attention when we walked inside. The owner of the restaurant was also working along with restaurant staff. They have very limited number of items for the lunch buffet. The food in the containers was about to finish and we asked the waitress to get the food. I liked the curry with boiled eggs and it was perfect combination with Naan's. The food is not so spicy and the price of the buffet was ok. I guess we shouldn't expect spicy Indian food in a city like Las Vegas. Disappointing Indian buffet!!!!!
5	Don't let the neighborhood fool you- inside is warm and pleasant. The food is exceptional and if the owner makes a suggestion, take it - you'll love it!!!
1	Super horrible Indian restaurant to visit in Vegas. The food is too pricy. The lady over there was too harsh and service was pathetic. I would never recommend this place. I wished to give them a zero but there is no option.
5	I was visiting a friend, and he and his son took me for some Indian Cuisine, as it turns out it was the right place to go. While not being new to the Indian flavor of food, Namaste did offer some new twist on an otherwise stable menu, as always I tend to heed the suggestions for the Own/help, and not being afraid to try new things seem to always payoff. In my opinion, this is one of the better places for Indian food, try it and enjoy.l
5	We went here for lunch on our trip to Vegas and really enjoyed the food and found it to be authentic and tasty. The host was friendly and it seemed like a nice family owned business. The naan was great, butter chicken and saag was good, rice was a bit hard as it was left steaming for a long time and the kheer could have been much better. All in all a very nice meal.
4	Good food and nice service. The owner serves excellent food and then will sing to resteraunt patrons, if you are lucky. Give it a go and you'll enjoy your Indaian food escapade.
2	I've been here once before and thought it was fantastic. This time we walked in and they pretty much told us we had to get the buffet, which I didn't even know was an option for dinner. We told her we had a Groupon and she said they'd still take it. I think we appeared disappointed, so she encouraged us to check out the buffet and gave us time to decide. The buffet had limited items but we were probably going to get Chicken Tikka Masala or Curry anyway and both were on the buffet. Our Groupon was set to expire in a week so we figured we better just use it. I think the owner sensed our hesitation and finally offered us the whole menu but she said it'd be a long wait for food nice they were getting busy. Only the booths were occupied so it didn't seem busy but we decided to stick with the buffet option, we were pretty hungry. She also moved us to a different booth, both of which seemed dirty, very confusing.We were given a fresh basket of Naan and our drinks. And on to the buffet, I think the Chicken Curry was the best thing on the buffet but was pretty picked through and there wasn't much left. Tikka Masala was kind of bland, I make better at home. The Tandoori chicken was good but we kept getting little broken bits of bone in the meat around the whole bone. I didn't really like their dal either.The entire time we were there workers kept walking back and forth with big sheets to set tables, aren't they closed after lunch to do this? We got there about 6 so there couldn't have been that many people in and out that quickly. The waitress/owner was very nice and apologetic throughout but the entire experience was strange. With all the good Indian options in town, I doubt I'll go back.
2	The lunch buffet is good; however, there are much better Indian buffets in town. I went the the restaurant for dinner using a groupon. I ordered the shrimp curry house special and was very disappointed. The curry was ok, but the curry only contained 5 small shrimp and cost nearly $20. The restaurant is simply not worth it for mediocre food, and it shows based on the empty dinning room. If your in the area and not able to get into Lotus, please try another restaurant in the complex. There are much better options than Namaste.
4	I like the lunch buffet. The owner is a nice genuine person who interacts with guest.
3	Wow. $12 for an awesome lunch buffett. Ask the hostess nicely and she will sing frank sinatra or whitney songs.  Try this place and you wont be disappointed.
5	So sad, rolled up to a sign today that said closed indefinitely.
