5	Great restaurant and bar. We decided to give this place a try during the week of their grand opening. The decor was rustic - which went great with the live country acoustic music, service was exceptional, and the food cooked perfectly with great flavor. We ordered fried pickles & and Mac and cheese, along with a saloon burger which was actually cooked to order perfectly!  The fries were also surprisingly delicious.  The server was friendly and happy, and actually seemed to enjoy being there. We have been to other grand openings for restaurants in the area and none of their employees seemed to be happy or informative of the menu. We will definitely be back as they are hoping to have live music during some weeknights or at least Friday and Saturday. The GM checked on us and seemed genuinely interested in how our experience was and to tell us all about what they have planned. So glad to see that this nightlife area is picking up! Thanks Whiskey Rose!
1	Place should just be called  "beer and wings saloon".  We decided to check out this new place on Saturday at 8: PM (4 days after their grand opening).  Walked in to the bar asked the bar tender what they recommend for a drink "I can make anything"  Ok follow on question do you  have a drink menu?.  "Nope we had to remake them and they have not come in".  Ok what beer do you have on tap and on draft?  "Look behind me we have many choices".  Understand he was a bit busy so we got our table.  Question to our waitress.  The place is called the "whiskey rose" what whiskey do you have?  "We have Jack and many other and some bourbons".  Follow on question.  What whiskey drink do you recommend?  "we can make anything you want".  Decided to stop asking about whiskey since it was clear that I was not going to get an answer. Looked around and most people had some sort of beer in their hands.  We decided to try some of their appetizers.  So, we started with corn bread.  Response:  "Sorry we ran out".  Ok what is the sweet fritter?  Response: "not sure how to describe it".  Ok what do you recommend? "our wings".  So basically, order wings and beer at this place.  Food was ok but not better than any other local wings and beer place.  If you visited this place when it was old Chicago the inside is similar lots of TVs and neon signs of beer and jack but a bit more open.  If you like to listen to live country music and drink a beer than this place is your spot.  Owners reading this review.  Your staff failed to convince a new customer on why we should spend my money here.  Lack of knowledge of drinks and food in your 5th day of business is sad especially in an area where we have many choices to spend our money.
1	OK..Two 5 star reviews with way to much detail.  Nice to have good friends in the restaurant business!Let me start off by saying at least my server was nice.When I saw a place going in at the Old Chicago building I was happy.  My area needed a decent sit down place.  Then when I became friends with them on Facebook I was even more happy.  They stated that they were going to have lots of craft beer on tap.  EVEN BETTER.Well after 3 weeks or so of being open the wife and I decided to give the place a try for happy hour.  Ummmmmmmm.....Ok, so the place looks like Old Chicago with a nice paint job and bit more country to it.  I have no problem with that. So off to the bar we go to get some craft beer.  Well Out of something like 20 taps they waste 1/2 of them doubling up on Bud, Bud Light, Coors, Light, Miller Light, Mich Ultra and Blue Moon.  WHAT?  16 taps of the same crappy beer?  Yes I know the excuse will be speed when they are busy, but come on 16 taps of the worst beers you can have?  The remaining taps had a few San Tan's a Guinness, the new Apple Orchard Craze and a Grand Canyon and I am sure a few more that I forgot to name. WHOOPIE.  I can get San Tan up the road about 2 blocks (with far better food, that part is coming).  So right off the bat not a good vibe.  So they have this great happy hour, 1/2 off apps.  I love it.  As I am drinking my Sex Panther (well it sure as hell ain't going to be a Coors Light) we decide on Fried Pickles and Rib Tips.  Our waitress (Again the bright spot of the eve) informed us that they had a 5 star chef doing the cooking!  Sounds great.Well the pickles came out and they were OK.  The dipping sauce after a few minutes began to get a film over top of it.  So my wife asked for ranch dressing.  After about 10 minutes of waiting for the manger to bring it, we asked the bar back and he brought it right over.  Honestly, the WORST ranch dressing I have ever tasted in my life, it actually tasted fishy.  On to the rib tips.  Our first order came and I bit into it, not even luke warm.  The bartender asks how they were we said not really hot, so back they went.  This time the manager brings them out and...not even luke warm again.  5 star chef must have the night off.  So now our bar back notices were not eating them and asks whats up and we tell them this is the second time they are not hot.  So back they go and literally 2 minutes later back they come.  Watch out the top plate is hot he tells us.  Yes of course it is as you just microwaved my food.  Not going well.  Still hungry we decided (why I don't know) to order some more food.  My wife went with the Mac & Cheese and I went with some wings.  The mac and cheese was the winner of the night, decent, but needed seasoning.  The wing's I got were 1/2 Daytona Buffalo wings and 1/2 Garlic Parmesan Wings.  The Daytona wings is a mixture of Buffalo sauce and BBQ sauce.  They were fine, not great not horrible, but as a person who LOVES wings not ones I would get again. Oh by the way, not hot again, just warm.   As far as these other things, THE WORST I EVER TASTED.  First the sauce was this white milky substance that looked like as my wife put it, the chef had a "party" on your wings.  GROSS.  But like the trooper I am I tasted them.  No flavor, none, nada zip.  No garlic, no cheese just this white milky goo.  PASS one and done.I really wanted to like this place, I want our neighborhood to get some good joints with decent food.  Not this time.  Thankfully Zipps will be opening soon!
1	Worst service in recent memory. After an hour they came out and told me they ran out of pizza dough so my kids meals weren't coming. Then 2 seconds later they tell me their orders made the cut. No one knew what they were doing. Never going back.
1	Very disappointed with everything the establishment had to offer.  Ordered the brisket sandwich - what came out 30minutes later was something that  carried an old recycled texture from the night before  - nothing resembled a BBQ sandwich. The bun was saturated with grease (from what, idk - the brisket was dry and had no moisture)  Very unhappy.  The restaurant theme seemed to resemble a "Wanna be" Coyote ugly theme with  high-school girls dressed of very cheap in very little clothing. Very distasteful.  The help more concerned about breaks in back?  Service was very slow - we had to pull people aside to find our waitress, of which we were told had a 'mysterious emergency outside' we could have actually left without paying.   They missed the mark with Ocotillo - this was more of a down town Tempe place.  Guaranteed to be closed by end of year
1	Hey laaaaaaaadies!Need a job as a server in a casual/sports/cowboy-themed bar? Do you happen to have a tramp stamp? Muffin top? Not enough boobs for hooters? The IQ level of a kindergartner or less? If you answered "yes" to All, this is the place for you.Not only will you uncomfortably stop by my table umpteen times while our plates and drinks are still visibly full, but you'll also give us a disappointing look when we tell you, for the umpteen time, that we are OK with food and drink for now. Since you are a *star* employee, you'll ignore that and still say "are you suuuuure you don't want to order more apps? entrees for everyone? shots? No??" Then you will show us the beer list which will consist on a torn piece of paper, hand-written by you (I can tell by the little hearts on the "i"s) and tell us that those are the Happy hour specials, which we will go off by and order. Then when the bill comes, you'll charge us full price for a Blue Moon ($5) because its not on the Happy hour list, which doesn't actually exist because you forgot to mention that the list you showed us had nothing to do with happy hour.Woopsies. right? Totes happs all the time, hehe. Luckily your good looks and *charming* personality will totes save you from learning how to serve correctly and letting us enjoy our happy hour time. Good for you * insert stripper name here*, Good for You.
4	Because of a coupon, we went there for lunch, without great expectations.  We were pleasantly surprised that the food was good and the service was excellent.  We will definitely go back.  This is also a very family friendly place.
2	I hate to give this place a bad review but I really have no choice.  I'll start with the positive.  The beer was good.  Now to the not so positive.  The food we got was less then favorable.  I asked our server what was good or what their thing was and she suggested the cod (which i don't really eat fish at these kind of spots) or a burger of some sort. Anyhow, nothing looked great so we had a few apps and my wife got a pizza.  The pizza was down right terrible. Our friends got a burger and it was average at best.  My hummus app was not bad.  I guess the thing is the whole menu was bar food?  Anyhow when the mgr came over to ask how it was we had a candid conversation about it so he said their bar b q food was "their thing".  My friends say its a one an done but I'll give it one more try and listen to the mgr suggestions.
5	Great "saloon" style.  I decided to give this joint a try Friday afternoon.  I liked the feel of the updated saloon with electric guitars on the walls and plenty of tvs in the bar.  Even though country music isn't my first listening choice, I liked all the newer country jams that played in the background, while we ate.For food, I went out on a limb and tried the fried pickles, surprisingly good.  We shared a pulled pork bbq sandwich and a salad with grilled chicken.  Enjoyed it all.I will definitely be back on a Fri/Sat night for live music.  Might even dig out my cowboy hat & huge belt buckle and come-in-hot "Urban Cowboy"-style!Liked this place!  Something different.
2	We've been here twice, which is enough for me.Our first dining experience was after they'd been opened about a month.  We were very encouraged as the restaurant was full and there was a bit of a wait.  We saddled up to the bar for a round of beers (the choices are plentiful, but premium beers aren't included in the Happy Hour prices).  Once seated, we perused the menu and opted to try to fried macaroni and cheese, plus fried pickles for appetizers.  The mac and cheese was b-o-r-i-n-g and lacking in flavor.  The fried pickles fared better with a zippy horseradish dipping sauce.We decided to spit a full rack of ribs.  They arrived at our table so completely overcooked that there were black on the bottom and dry as a piece of wood that's been sitting in the 115 degree heat in the middle of the desert for 3 years.  (Trying to cover the charred meat with BBQ sauce didn't cut it)  We told the waitress who told the cooks (I don't think anyone here would qualify as a chef).  She offered to bring us another order.  Since we'd waited awhile for the first order, we opted out.  The manager popped by to inquire how everything was....he wasn't happy and said "they're burning everything in there tonight.  These shouldn't have come out of the kitchen".  True that!  He comped our bill (I always love that - we couldn't eat the food so why should we pay?) and offered us $10 off our next visit.We hit them up again; shorter wait, still no bargains on premium beer during Happy Hour and upon ordering the fried pickles, we were told "We are out of pickles."  How does a restaurant run out of an item that is a standard on their menu??  Poor management!  The poppers sounded great (stuffed with chopped brisket) and wrapped in a piece of bacon.  The mess in the middle was just nasty! Our waitress came back at least 5 times asking us if we were ready to order and each time we said "No, we're in no hurry."   We kind of got the feeling they like to move 'em in and move 'em out!   Two of us ordered salads - both very standard and nothing to brag about.  My hubby ordered their chili mac and cheese which he said was pretty good.  My friend tried the ribs again and the regular mac and cheese.  I didn't hear any rave reviews - good enough for me.The waitress came by once to ask if they could take our wine glasses back because they were out of glasses.  Are you kidding me??   Ever heard of a restaurant supply store and buying more than 2 dozen?Sorry Whiskey Rose....those of us who are true foodies can't handle it.  Joe's BBQ isn't that far away and they never fail!
1	I hate to write a bad review but this is one place that deserves a 1 star rating.To start I walked in and the host was standing with her back to us, coloring on a kids page, It took her co-worker to walk around and notice we were there and that she couldn't hear us saying anything to her.We came on a night that had live music. Great for the kids and it was a good bad. However we sat in the dining area, at our table there was no way to have a conversation because the music was so loud you had to scream to talk to the person across from you. Servers left a lot to be desired. My first thought were these were the servers who didn't get picked at other places so they ended up here. Their dress while might be cute for the right body type, instead just looked trashy and unkept. They come to the table about once ever 2 minutes asking if everything is ok, if it is you can say yes, if it is not they can't hear you to get it fixed.Food, this is where it gets awful. Keep in mind I love Whiskey, the taste and cooking with it myself. However this place has taken Whiskey over to over kill. Our nachos tasted like it, the beans, the bbq, the mac and cheese, no matter what I tried it all had a Whiskey flavor. It was very sad, you can cook with Whiskey but there becomes a point of over kill. My kids got the mac and cheese, and when you have two kids who love mac and cheese slide it back after a bite you have to wonder. We had to wonder my wife tried it, and found it to be dried out and hard, and no flavor at all.The server brought us the check asked if it was all good, I made a comment about how it was she laughed took my card and ran it. About 15 minutes later she came back dropped off the bill and kept on walking. No manager came by or anything. We left minimal tip 15% and left. This is not a place I would recommend going to. They have stiff competition in the area with a Zipps open now by them, Garcia's and heck Panda Express is much better. Don't waste your money to go here.
1	Decent service, but the desserts we had were outright offensive. Being from the south and growing up with pecan pie and banana pudding cooked properly, these guys do these desserts a huge disservice.  The pudding was runny and simply had a side of 'nilla wafers place along the inside of the overflowing bowl of poorly flavored vanilla milk mix.  The pecan pie was not to be desired as well.  The macaroni and cheese had a very thin, minimal cheese taste to it; it was as though the roux had a high concentration of flour and milk but low on the cheese part, a very important part.  If your seeking downhome BBQ and the sides, it's unfortunate you'd have to go to a large corporate chain BBQ restaurant to get that back home taste.
2	My roomie and i went to this place. The server was okay but with as many people as there were in the place- we really waited quite some time for our 1st drinks about 10-15 minutes.. approx. We ordered the tornadoes poppers and they were prettty good except for the chilis needed to be cooked thru more-- they were a bit hard which made them REALLY hot which really it is supposed to just have a nice "BITE".  So, the cook didnt cook them properly... Also, i ordered brisket and it was actually pretty tender but NO FLAVOR... They are using the wrong chips to smoke this. THey need to watch Robert Irvine's shows & food network. Almond chips do best with brisket.. My roomie ordered the barb ribs-again NO FLAVOR - they are not cooking them correctly - but overall - salad was delicious.  Waitress then forgot about the beer my friend ordered and he had to reorder it from her. He sat and waiting for about 15 minutes more... that was really ridiculous. The server was in the back of the kitchen talking to her friends... The manager gave me a drink which was nice that he helped out-- but why didnt he wonder where my waitress was???  We were going to give her a 21 percent tip to be nice then it dropped to 18 percent because she dropped the bill off and then left for 20 minutes... and my roommate had to catch a plane in the morning at 6a.m. so we needed to leave.  He wont be back again- but i may go again to listen to the music.
1	Wife's Pulled pork was mushy like Baby food .My rib tips were half rock hard and greasy. I had heartburn for 3 Days.Did somebody say "5 Star Chef ". Well I guess things happen, but then again, there was hardly any cars in the parking lot.
3	We have been there a couple times recently. Once it was packed with only bar seating open. I was puzzled as to why they didn't open up the back section. The food was good for bar food. I had the chicken wings. They were alright for a place that doesn't specialize in wings. They have a nice selection of draft beer. I like the mason jar beer mugs. The night we went they had karaoke. Great sound system and virtually unlimited song choice. We will return again, but not on a regular basis as we are 22 miles away.
3	Great food but it is "chain-y". The servers dress like they do in hooters which is a bit of a turn off but overall good food.
5	I just got done eating at this restaurant. We order a lot of different dishes in order to taste the food, and overall, it was very good food!  the corn fritters were perfect! Just the right amount of sweetness and one can tell they clean the oil in their fryers because they tasted fresh. I loved the mac & Cheese balls and since I have never had them I had nothing to compare to. They were crispy, warm and full of flavor.  Then I tried the hot links, very good as well. Nothing to change there. The cole slaw though needs a lighter sauce, but the flavor of the veggies was good. The Brisk sandwich was great too, perhaps needs more smoking to it.  The pull pork sandwich was great too, moist.  Now the BBQ sause to me was off the charts!  Good work!  The stuff pork mushrooms were the only marginal item that wasn't a big hit on our table.  Something about the mushrooms and BBQ sauce doesn't mix well...or perhaps the pork.  Finally we had some jalepanos wrapped in bacon!  WOW, they were a bit too mild for me, but I like hot stuff!  They were original and very good!  There is one problem, they serve Pepsi!!!!!  C'mon guys get the Coke in there!!!!  I loved my first experience.
3	This place is meh.  It ranks above Chili's, Applebee's, and Olive Garden FOR SURE but the food is just okay.  I had the sliders plate last time I was there and it was just meat on a bun - dry.  Our appetizers were the same as at any other place you've ever been - chicken wings with too much sauce, pita chips with dip (not enough pita chips to go with the dip).  The service was fine but not stellar.  I requested a hefe and the server (we were seated in the bar) didn't know what that was - hefeweizen.  Not that that's a big deal but it was just one more little notch toward meh.  And I hate to give negative or meh reviews.  I had high hopes for this place because we don't have many non-chain restaurants near us.  Oh well.
2	Guess we will have to see if this place survives, go in on any day at the same time and compare to Zipp's (in the same general area), Zipp's is packed, and this place is almost empty. don't get me wrong, Zipp's is not that great, but too bad this place is just so so. Go on a Wednesday afternoon and you can get cheap call drinks (Jim or Jack). Other than that, nothing special, food is just marginal. Unless they really step up their game, this will be another empty building.......
5	We bought the Groupon this week and after reading the reviews, I must admit that I was a bit hesitant.  There was absolutely no reason to be skeptical.  This place was simply spot on.  Our server made great recommendations and was very friendly.  The manager came over to day hello.  The happy hour specials were some of the best in the East Valley.  The service was prompt and the food was actually too hot to eat.  The kid's menu was excellent and the food was very tasty.  I suspect some of the negative reviews may have come from the restaurant's soft opening.  We ordered the fried pickles, wings, burgers, mac n cheese, pulled pork and brisket.  The fries and onion rings were also good.  I will certainly return and strongly recommend the place.
3	After reading the reviews here I hesitated to try this place. Hoping that many of the issues would have been resolved once they had been up and running for a couple of months we decided to give it a try when we saw a Groupon. We were greeted and seated immediately upon arrival and our server appeared promptly, off to a good start. I asked about beers on tap and our server produced a mis-spelled, typed list while stating "I am not supposed to show you this" - odd but okay, I don't mind reading the choices - the beer on tap list is extensive. He tells us that beers are $3 for the happy hour special but that if we are using a Groupon we will need to be sure to buy at least $20 worth of non-discounted foods as the Groupon cannot be applied to the discounted beer. No problem, with two entrees we will be over the $20 threshold easily.  Ordered the BBQ brisket entree, hubby ordered the breakfast burger. Brisket was tasty, nothing special but nicely cooked. The breakfast burger is a large sausage patty topped with a fried egg. Unfortunately the sausage patty was still pink inside - undercooked sausage is not appealing, nor safe to eat. Overall not a wonderful experience but not the disaster many previous reviewers made it out to be. Our server was friendly and attentive. My biggest complaint is that when the bill came I was charged full price for the beer. Our server was quick to correct the error when we pointed it out but I found it annoying and interesting that a previous reviewer mentioned the same issue of being offered a happy hour special but then charged full price when the bill arrived.  No live music was playing while we were there so I can't offer any opinion on the entertainment. The physical layout was pretty much the same as the Old Chicago that was previously here with the addition of some rough wood and American Flag decor.
4	I was pleasantly surprised after eating at Whiskey Rose. I was visiting my family and they said they wanted to try this place out. I went on Yelp on the ride there - I wasn't too excited to try it out after reading their reviews...I was definitely scared to bring my family here after I read about the waitresses - they were a little ditsy, but at least they were dressed appropriately for a family friendly bar.I thought they had a decent beer selection, including some local brews from SanTan and Four Peaks.I ended up trying the brisket with fries and mac & cheese. The brisket was actually really good - cooked perfectly - super tasty. I dug the mac & cheese too - with the crispy layer on top, exactly how I like it. My least favorite were the fries, but they were still pretty good - anything beer battered is good in my mind.My family said the food they had was pretty good too. My little sister is a mac & cheese fanatic and loved it, so I'm sure they will be coming back sooner than me since I live in Scottsdale and it's a little far for me to come on a regular basis.All in all, I was impressed with how everything was based on the previous reviews. Definitely give these guys a shot. We need more non-chains in this area.
4	I honestly don't see where the complaints for this place are coming from. Just randomly stopped by on my way home and though we had to wait a few seconds to get seated by the hostess, she was very friendly. Our waitress came to us right away, dressed in a tank top and cowboy boots, was too friendly. There were a few tables seated and she was the only waitress on the floor... But she made sure every table was attended to and was polite in every way. Our meals came out, which we thoroughly enjoyed, asked for a side of jalepenos which she happily brought out for us free of charge. It's sad to see these harsh reviews on here. I'm glad I gave it a chance and stopped by!
5	Nice thursday surprise. Really good draft beer. Great vodka tonic. Split the mushroom burger and it was almost truffle like. Really good meat with a great tomato. The onion rings were really good to. Service was excellent. Went back again yesterday. I had fish and chips and my wife had the apple bacon cheeseburger. Both were great. Bacon was sooo good, we could have eaten a plate of it. Friday and Saturday they do have music.
4	So we heard from some folks and gave the WRS a second chance and I have to say, what outstanding service even though we came in incognito.  The food we ordered was very tasty and the customer service was outstanding.  Whisky Rose, its management and staff should be commended for taking a customer service oriented approach to their business.  Thanks for the hospitality!
5	The food is good. My wife really liked the fish. Service was average but we went on a Friday night when the first opened.
3	I went to this place about 3 or 4 months ago and  I wouldn't have given it more than 2 stars. I had the BBQ chicken which was horrible, needless to say that I didn't eat it, the brisket was very dry, seemed like it was probably for 2 days old. (Not saying it was).A friend of mine was visiting from out of Town last Friday and wanted some BBQ, so with some trepidation I took him there. We ordered the brisket, and some BBQd chicken, and there was a remarkable difference. As we dined, there was a live band playing, i don't know their name but they were pretty darn good. Anyway, as we ate a gentleman came over to our table to check on us, and asked how everything was. I was very candid with him as to my thoughts of the place during my first visit, and now. He indicated that he was a new manager and he was trying to change some things for the better, including the quality of the food, I never got his his name, but he has black hair and wears glasses, probably in his mid 40s, nice guy, very pleasant to us.I will definitely return, and if things continue to improve, I may even give this place 4 stars.
4	i was driving by and I yelped before stoping in and what a surprisebeautiful atmosphere, great food and very attentive staff along with a very warm and hospitable management.i will definitely go back next time i visit Arizona, by the way, try the Man & Cheese, is to die for.Great job
5	Wow...pulled up my Yelp account and it seems like I've only commented on bad experiences in the past. I am happy to report that I am Yelping about a great one!Was down for a baby shower with a bunch of co-workers/friends. Unfortunately, there was not much of anything served so we were hungry. Someone said let's go to Zipp's. There were 12 of us and when we arrive they were not at all accommodating. They were not busy and acted like we were inconveniencing them with the size of our group!Anyways, we left and went over to Whiskey Rose. We were greeted with a smile and a warm welcome from who I later learned was the manager. Our server was there right away with waters and getting our drink order! The Spicy Bloody Mary was just kick ass good! Several others in the group commented on what a great beer selection they have!Started of with Saloon Samplers and Torpedos. Generous helpings for appetizers and way tasty! I am not big on BBQ so when the manager came over to check on things I asked him for some recommendations. Holy smokes, the Ribs were so tender, the meat was just falling off the bone and the Chili Mac n' Cheese was to die for! Someone else had the Santa Fe Style Mac n' Cheese and I swear she was tempted to lick the bowl!It's been a while since I have had such a positive experience eating out! The staff is attentive and friendly! Food is just downright good, tasty comfort food! Can't wait to return!
1	So I was excited to try a new place. I loved the country music but that is about all. After being seated at a very wet table I sat for almost 10 minutes and was never greeted by a waitress. Many walked by me, but no one stopped to say hello. So my husband and I left.  Will never be back. Sorry. I love to support my Chandler restaurants, but that was horrible service.
2	Four of us went there to watch football. The games were on, but music was playing, so watching the game was not much fun. I had a $3 Sunday special bloody mary. Meh. Weak on the vodka, and the bloody mary mix just didn't taste right. Food: I had the "fall off the bone" pork ribs. Fall off the bone they did, but the reason why was that they were boiled to death, then browned in an oven and dunked in sauce. Was more like eating pot roast with bones in it. Awful. The onion rings were just so so, same for the chili mac & cheese. I guess the warning was evident when we walked in and the place was not very busy. Sorry...this is a "one and done" for me.
4	I went to Whiskey Rose Saloon for the first time Saturday night (Chandler location)-- food was great, service was great and prices were really good.  I am a mushroom freak and they have on their starter menu of stuffed mushrooms with a little bit of cheese and bbq pork -- awesome.  Loved the bbq for dinner- I think this is going to be my new favorite place to go in Chandler.
4	Have been here twice.  Food was good and prices were acceptable.  Waitress was so far off her game...slow slow slow. Once food order got turned in food was served by kitchen staff immediately.  So first visit good second was ok.  I guess I need another visit to see my final opinion.
1	Stopped in a little before 5 p.m. yesterday, but was never served. I didn't know what I wanted to drink so the first strike was on me. But once I was talked into the house IPA, the beer never came despite me staring at the tap in front of me. I was sitting at the bar. There was some major drama involving some old-timers at the opposite end of the bar on a price dispute. Bartender went to resolve the issue and passed by me a few times going to visit manager and back. The old-timers were doing their best to agitate the bartender even after resolution and they succeeded. She passed by again and I said to forget it. On top of that the WiFi was down. It was a poisonous environment, thanks largely to the crusty customers, but I decided this was no place to wind down after work.
4	Stopped by for a quick dinner last night..  I got the blackened salmon salad -- it was so good.  Good service   Nice folks.
5	Had to go back again on my next visit to the valley! They changed their bloody Mary mix and now they're even more delicious! I just love their mac & cheese! It arrives hot and has lots of cheese sauce on it! These are definitely My faves at Whiskey Rose! Everyone is always so great here and different people check in on you to make sure you have everything you need with a smile!I wish we had one in my neck of the woods!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by how great the food was, and their service its always impeccable!!!!! And definitely going back!
4	Very nice 'Western' bar and grill. The food was good and the happier was inexpensive.  Their portions are large as well.  If you are hungry and want to find a cool watering hole, try this place.  I will be back several more times for sure!
3	This was ok. Went for lunch on Saturday. The Mac and cheese was great.  Not sure if I would go back again at least not for lunch. I might come check out the place at night.
5	This place is all about the wings, burgers, and most of all ribs!  I can't express how good and how large the portion of ribs is that they put on your plate!  They also have some really good happy hours, and the environment has a good feel.  A place where I could sit at the bar for a few hours, or come for a meal.  The wait staff is also really helpful.  My beer never went empty so that was a great thing.  When you come here order the ribs and you won't be disappointed.  It has a really tasty smoked flavor, and I was really surprised to find it here!  At the end of the day, the people here try hard to make the experience a good one.  The manager John came to our table and made my wife and I feel at home, so I have to say like Arnold, I'll be back!
4	We hadn't been here due to some of the reviews but we loved it today! I agree with so many others that I don't understand the less than stellar reviews.Cool atmosphere, great music, excellent service and the food was awesome.Swiss/mushroom/egg/bacon Burger, BLT with egg (must have been a half lb of bacon), torpedoes (jalepeno stuffed with cheese and sausage, wrapped in bacon and broiled). Yummy!
5	Couldn't be happier that this place arrived in chandler!! The food is fantastic! They have kick ass all day daily specials on top of a great happy hour with a pretty awesome draft selection!!! They also have live music with room to dance if you feel like it! Love it, will be a regular!
5	The food is excellent here. Drink specials are good. When Rattlecat Junction plays, the place rocks. Try the Bbq Mushrooms  - YUM!Just went again last weekend and ordered a bacon cheese burger. It was the best burget I have ever had. This place has become our favorite hang out. The drink specials on Friday nights are great. There are also happy hour food specials which always make me happy.
5	We had a fantastic experience!!  The service was amazing and the food was even better. All of the entrees had a ton of flavor, making you want more!I ordered ordered chicken skewers but when it came out, I was convinced that I ordered the steak skewers.  When two people at my table said that I did order the chicken and not the steak, I obviously ordered the chicken.  The runner had already taken my food back and had the server put an order in for the steak skewers.  When our server came back to our table, I apologized and she gave me the chicken and said that the steak would be out.  Clearly, it was my fault so I asked her to cancel that order but she said that they were already being made and that we could take them home.I am amazed with the customer service.  I made the mistake but they did everything that they could to make sure that I was happy.  It's good to see that there are still some businesses out there that care about their customers and their experiences.Two thumbs up!!  We will be going back.
4	This place is pretty good! I'm not quiet sure why it has gotten bad reviews--- I went into this place expecting it to be horrible, but it was pretty dang good. I got the burger which was a little small, but cooked to perfection and delicious. I subbed out the fries for mac and cheese for no extra charge(which is nice). The mac and cheese was amazing as well! The service was impeccable, and you can tell they really have cared about their reviews. Happy hour specials are wonderful too, half off appetizers from 3-7, can't go wrong there!
1	This place just came up on Groupon.  What a terrible choice!  We ate here for the first, and last, time about a month ago.  We had been told it was bad by our neighbors and should have listened.  The service was lousy.  Our waitress was having too good of a time with the guys at the bar.  She gave us a menu and came back with our drinks about fifteen minutes later.  We ordered and got our slop about thirty minutes later.  It was getting lukewarm by then.  Even though we left half our food, we had to wash our hands after eating.  I guess I should be less critical about the waitress as she appeared to be the only one on duty.  It was only four o'clock in the afternoon and not time for the big rush.Recommendation:  Trust your neighbors!
5	Parking lot full, wife & I decided to try. Well lit parking lot, greeter welcomed us with smile & sat us down, Food-(A) wide selection.   Atmosphere-(A) western feel.  Cleanliness-(A) checked both bathrooms.    Noise level-(B) (very busy with live band).   Service-(A) Great service from Alley.  Very wide beer selection, 35-40 choices, loved her "Magic Cat" beer recommendation. Wife, the healthy one, had spinach pizza, loved it, uncooked spinach, with goat cheese, herbs, balsamic dribbled. She had glass of 14 Hands wine, WA wine and loved it. Crust tasted good too!Myself, Salmon plate, wonderful, moist, get choice 2 sides, house salad, mixed, was normal with dressing on side, potato baked, all was goodWide assortment of apps, we had the hummus, was really good with warm pita bread, they give you 3 flavors of the hummus, loved the spicier one, we cleaned it up after ordering more warm pita3 dessert choices, we had the brownie, wow! Warm, moist, vanilla ice cream melting over hot brownie! Wife had server hold off the optional whipped cream...Danced to the band, Rattlecat Junction, good country mix, plus happy birthday song and "used to be My Girl", great time!Left full and satisfied, will be back often,PS... Parking lot was still full when we left, the honest measuring stick...
2	I've eaten at Whiskey Rose many times since it has opened.  It has slowly gone down hill.  BBQ sauce once was excellent!  Over time it changed to a store bought brand.  Prices have gone up by a wide margin since it opened.  Service is ok and food is ok.  Zipps has better frys and better union rings and just as good burgers.
5	Whiskey Rose is a rare gem. With great foods and a great staff, I truly enjoy each of my experiences here. I've gotten to know most of the staff. John, Stacey, Deb, Rueben, Allie, Bailey and the others really go out of their way for you to enjoy your visit. As a professional chef and very critical of most food, I have yet to find anything I do not like. The combo platter settles the heartiest of appetites, yet so do the $4 dollar happy hour items. Do yourself a favor and visit this one of a kind gem.
2	Used to have great service, and super food when previous mgmt were there up to the summer 2014.... since then the service and food has gone downhillI had dinner there Oct 12 and the Cobb salad was very bland. The chicken was cold and very dry... I liked the previous mgmt who were very professional and ensured quality food. Now the management is non-existent and the place has lost its appeal. Food and service is subpar. Wont be going back...
3	Three stars very accurate for this place. Everything was pretty much average but it did have a pretty good beer selection.We went for lunch and there was one server for the entire restaurant.Santa Fe burger. Not bad but nothing to write home about. The Green Chile is def very mild and the burger was fairly small for a $12 burgerRib Tips: Not bad!Jalapeno poppers: This left us flat. Jalapenos are so good when stuffed with Chream Cheese but these guys stuff it with pretty bland pulled pork. They do wrap it in bacon which was good but overall its just average.
2	Service was excellent. Thst's the best thing I can say. Food is below average with nothing made there. Music was not that good and we left after 2 songs. Won't return anytime soon.
2	It is good for a beer and maybe some appetizers but if your not at bar service is terrible. We have sat at the bar or near the bar and got good service 4 times. We have sat and had dinner 4 times in dining area and every time service was really bad, drinks are brought to you by the bar so you have one before your meal and then ask for one and you might get it by time your done eating, water anything, we all went thirsty and then they overcharged us because they got confused on what they brought us. On top of that they all say "how is the food "but before you can barely answer they run away. I just wanted to ask for a napkin, soda,,,hello please dont run. By the way it was pretty empty last time we were dining there but they just couldnt wait to get back to the bar i guess where all the waiters hang out??? Bummer we like the food but service has decided to mark it off the list of places to go.
4	We visited Whiskey Rose about 6-8 months ago, and like others, were very disappointed.  Several friends said the service and quality had greatly improved.  So I bought a Groupon and we finally used it tonight.  What an improvement!   We were seated immediately by a friendly and smiling hostess.  The server welcomed us after we had been seated about two minutes.  It seemed that it took a long time to receive our burgers, however they were cooked to perfection.  The quality of the meat was outstanding, the mac and cheese side was generous, and the fries were hot and crisp.  The manager, John, stopped at our table to make sure we were happy.   We absolutely were happy and will return soon.  The new and improved Whiskey Rose was fun, reasonably priced and served quality food!
4	Fast fast service, the food was excellent, and everyone was friendly! It had the atmosphere of Texas roadhouse but a lot quieter. The ribs literally fell off the bone and the salmon was excellent!!!
5	Amazing food!!! For the steak salad and wow... Staff was all super friendly and helpful!I'll b back!
4	A groupon made me aware of this establishment. It is a little far from my home but it is worth it.  The food is high quality bar food.  The moonshine was phenomenal.  The atmosphere was spacious.  The waitress was friendly and happy.  Bonus this place is perfect for groups of 6.
4	Recommend the fried pickles!
3	A groupon made me aware of this establishment. . The waitress was friendly and happy. Good bar food and burgers are great. The humus appetizers were a nice surprise and tasty. Good beer selection.. Will be back and try the brisket. Nice county flair and  kind wait staff and managers.
4	Mostly good, but the desert was a huge letdown. Got dragged here due to famous (now infamous) bacon pecan pie my date was craving.Bacon Pecan pie - More like a casserole/soup of a pound of bacon and alot of pecans and brown sugar, but only four strips of pie crust on top? It wasn't cooked enough according my companion and according to me it was the worst desert concoction this side of the Mississippi. If you need a soup spoon to eat "pie" change the name. This had some potential in actual pie form.Sliced Brisket. - after a hand trimming of fat which was easy to pull off, this turned into a really great brisket sandwich (some people like the fat). It was moist, tasted well smoked and was a large serving. BBQ sauce was average.Sides: Sweet potato fries were hot and salty, on the better side of these things and then we ordered with the Yelp check-in a free appetizer. Those were loaded potato skins, but they needed more of that brisket that was supposed to be in there instead of the chili it was overloaded with. Also a tad undercooked.The restaurant was empty at 1pm early in week, but the manager, after receiving some bad info from waiter, bounced back and was very pleasant and gave us a free appetizer coupon. The waiter had an interesting Elvis or New York accent, but he retrieved my phone from booth seat and tracked me down in lot and was attentive throughout the meal. The only issue was that he never gave us a lunch menu (7 for $7), but luckily I picked something from main menu that was on that menu and had a 7 buck lunch.
5	Great service. Yummy food! We visited at lunchtime, it wasn't too crowded and we were seated right away. Our hostess brought us drinks and a few moments later, the waiter came over. He was very nice and made some recommendations for us. The food was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. The manager stopped by and asked if everything was good. It was a very pleasant experience overall. I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again.
5	Love, love, love this place.    It has great food and great atmosphere. It's not usually crowded.  But it's getting more and more popular!
5	You know,  whiskey rose has a rocky start and we almost didn't give it another chance, thankfully we did!  Service has improved SO much,  the food is really good, the atmosphere is unique as far as restaurants in Chandler go.  There is live music some nights, kinda cool.  All in all its a great restaurant! So if you are concerned that there are bad reviews, ignore those, because whiskey rose has definitely improved.
2	Ehhh.......not impressed. Pretty dead when I was in there. The Bands play on the floor.....probably won't be back.
2	Disappointing...The deep fried Mac and cheese was flavorless. Nothing tastes fresh. My baked potato was dry and hard. Rib tips were disappointing, the sauce tasted store bought not homemade. Probably the worst corn bread I've ever had. The iced tea was cloudy didn't taste good. I was really hoping for better based on reviews but they must being paying for good reviews.
3	I'll be nice with 3 starsDropped in for a Saturday lunchtime snack and a beer, ordered the Mac and cheese which was supposedly a signature dish... Meh it was bland and dry. For a bbq place to not be able to knock Mac and cheese out of the park....
5	Great food especially the chicken skewers with the lemon garlic sauce and the cornbread. There is live music on the weekends. Also, free kids meals on Sundays and Tuesdays.
5	great food, great service and the prices were great
2	Food was so bland. Everything was cooked really well and great portion sizes but overall the food was kinda flavorless.
5	Amazing food and drink specials! The burgers are my personal favorite. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu. Awesome service.
1	Don't go in the late afternoon. This place is a bust. Had a groupon. Ordered wings and the brisket. Seems like regulars get treated way better than new customers. Wasn't checked up on once. Wings arrived about 12 minutes after I ordered them. The skin on the wings were soggy and they were cold. I ate 1 of them and was still charged for them. Didn't offer to take it off bill or to try something different. Brisket is not so great but the Mac n chews was alright. Nothing was hot though. All in all the service was not good and the food wasn't too good either.
4	Great Southwestern fried chicken. Some other stuff on the menu looks really good. Staff are sometimes nice.
5	I had a Groupon for this place and after reading the reviews, I was going to let the Groupon expire.  I am glad that I didn't!!! I came in to get a steak and the only steak on the menu was a sirloin.  I asked the waiter if they had any other cuts of meat and he was happy to oblige.  He brought out the food and it was a 10 oz Bacon wrapped Filet which they charged me the same price as the Sirloin.    The steak was amazing, the vegetables were sauteed in garlic butter which made them more enjoyable.  The waiter suggested a rootbeer for my son, because they had it on tap and it was delicious!!! The staff was very accommodating and the owner came over to make sure the service and food was up to par.  I explained that we almost didn't come because of the reviews and he said they had a rocky start and had changed management. I don't often write reviews, but I did feel like this place did not reflect the reviews I have seen on here.  I had a wonderful experience.  I will definitely be back.
2	Unfortunately this place is going downhill. Not sure the reason. Poor service with ok food.
2	We have been coming to Whiskey Rose for a couple of years and WAS a local favorite of ours. We came just after the new owners took over and were disappointed, but thought they just needed to work things out as all new places (owners) do.  Unfortunately, things did not work out.  Something has happened to the food quality and quality control.  Our orders were not correct, our server recognized it without us saying anything, however, she never corrected it. Food was room tempature at best, dried out and over cooked.  My wedge salad had the entire core in it. Really? They were understaffed for a Saturday night so things were slow.  So sad, but we will not be going back.
5	What a great place to always come for live music! One of the best country bars in Gilbert/Chandler area! Tony Martinez, who opens for Jake Owen and other huge hits plays here, what an awesome guy/band whose down to earth. Go sit at the bar, Sara is extremely friendly and they all provide awesome customer service, would recommend to anyone.
