5	Kung Fu Tea is now in Las Vegas!!! Whooooooo Hooooooo! I adore this place! Quality tea, perfect boba bubbles, and super refreshing. Plus it's next door to one of the best ramen joints in town! What more could I ask for?? More boba milk tea please ^_^
5	First time trying the milk tea boba with beans and I love it!  Nice decor!  We're coming back to try the other flavors.
5	This place is really good love the tea and Boba here. Finally Vegas has something this good. Must try
5	This is the first time that I heard of this franchise tea place. They are absolutely amazing! I had the red bean milk strike with boba. Boba was cooked just right and they are very generous with their red bean and boba unlike some other boba place in town. This is my new boba place now!
3	Meh, this place is ok...came here because of their Buy 1 Get 1 Free grand opening special and ordered 2 large green boba milk teas and 2 large passion fruit green teas. Both teas were a little too sweet and the boba was no good, and not very chewy. Didn't taste old but like it wasn't cooked all the way through. Service was good though and the staff was pretty friendly. The cafe overall was quiet and decorated nicely. If it wasn't for the BOGO deal I would've been super disappointed for what I got.
3	Another mediocre boba place in Chinatown- it's in my favorite plaza with a lot of other high-quality restaurants so I had high hopes but the boba was just not very good- not very chewy, texture was not particularly soft, not entirely sure they were made correctly or made fresh.Used their BOGO grand opening promotion for two milk teas (one black, one green tea) and despite being the only order, took nearly 10 minutes only to get disappointing boba. Drinks were unremarkable.Nice hardwood accents in dining area, but you'll need more than 8 seats- not sure why bar-style table along front window doesn't have any chairs. Liked that I was able to watch a kung-fu movie as I waited for my order- streaming from Hulu.EDIT: have visited several more times. "Mediocre" was an overstatement, the teas here are tasty. Raising my review a star from two to three. The boba has yet to be just right though, has been mushy and has been hard. Will continue popping in when I find myself nearby, but it's not a top pick for me.
3	The boba itself was excellent. The teas left much to be desired.Kung Fu Tea is a largely New York / East Coast chain. This particular store just opened up in Vegas, and it happens to be in a plaza chock full of awesome places to eat. It's right next to Monta and close to Japanese Curry Zen, and I already predicted based on their location that they'll stay open a really long time.Due to the intersection of me deciding to try tea shops and this store having a buy one get one free (limited menu) this weekend, I made my way there to check it out. My choices were the Kung Fu bubble milk tea and the passion fruit green tea (both $3.50 medium, since I didn't want to pay for the $4.50 large). I stashed them in a cooler while I had dinner, which ended up being a great timesaving move since the store really filled up later. Yep, they're already succeeding because of their excellent location.Anyway, I decided to pop open the seal on the passion fruit green tea first. If you had given me a blind taste test, I would've told you it was some sort of sweetened green tea and stopped there. It's not as good as any other passion fruit green tea that I've tried in terms of passion fruitiness or overall strength of tea. The milk tea was next, and I thought it was a lot more milk than tea. Boo hiss. However, the boba itself had great flavor and gives way after a few chews instead of persisting in your mouth.I'm guessing that typical opening week(end) consistency issues hit the boba at times, and frankly the prices are a bit high. However, if I eat in this plaza in the future, I may check out different flavors like the longan honey or longan red date (yep, one of my favorite fruits). That's probably the only circumstance where I'd recommend that you give them a try over the other tea vendors on Spring Mountain.
5	Kung Fu Tea put time in their tea to make it as natural as possible. I was talking to the manager and he said that the employees make tea every hour,  making sure it is cooked, filtered, and cooled correctly. They may run out of boba, but it is understandable because they take more then an hour preparing, cooking, and cooling the boba to be just right. They have 2 kinds of boba: Honey and Wow. The honey boba is boba with honey and sugar poured on it to give a sweet taste. The Wow is Kung Fu Tea's Signature boba. It's a sweet boba that I think is made with brown sugar.  All the employees are nice and they work very hard.
5	KFT: A new boba place in town next to Curry Zen, (my favorite place for curry) is a good place to grab a refreshing drink to go after a meal. The boba is great, soft and chewy how I like it and not rock hard or too sweet like at some places (yuck!)They don't have  my favorite rose milk tea, but they do have fresh black/green/oolong tea that  doesn't taste 3 days old or like it's been sitting in tea leaves for too long !  Oolong milk tea tastes really yummy with their nata jelly, and I really like the bubble milk tea with black tea , which is a little sweet with a pleasant sort of floral taste! When feeling tense, as they say in the TV series: walking dead , "Just look at the flowers! " ...or taste it. Even better! Mmm!Their slushes are great as well!I definitely recommend the taro slush which is, blended nicely and  is pretty creamy. Also the passion fruit slush for something refreshing and fruity/tropical!The decor/theme is definitely unique. I always see other customers taking pictures of the cute little figurines they have in display while waiting for their drinks! (I'm guilty of it too) Really great place! I really wanna try the matcha milk and mango slush next!!
5	I just took my family there and tried the wow milk with grass jelly and its suprisingly tasty similarily to half and half express in Cali. Love the boba because its so chewy with a sweet honey flavor. The place gives you a peaceful ambiance and the staffs are friendly. Definitely be on my to drink list!
5	"What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink?""WA-TAAAAHH!"4 minutes to closing? Don't sweat it! Man, these guys were super happy to be there and welcomed us right in. We asked a ton of questions about their menu and they were more than happy to help answer every question, in detail. I went for the honey green iced tea with boba and my boyfriend got the matcha red bean slush with boba.The honey green tea was light in tea flavor, yet refreshing. Though, it was not sweet enough for me. I asked Dominic if he could fix me up and without hesitation, he took my drink and remade it sweeter. Thanks Dom! What a cool cat that guy is, super chill dude.However, I have to say the matcha red bean wins this match! Thick, creamy, perfectly sweet and it had a lot of red bean body and flavor - not at all watered down!I also loved the sweetness of the honey boba. It was cooked perfectly with a nice firm texture, yet a soft bite (Al dente if you will). Dominic also gave us a sample of the taro slush and it was taro-y and tasty.What really sold me on this place, is that you can easily adjust your ice and sugar level. Even if you get your drink, sip it, and you are not head over heels in love with it, you can take it back! Make it sweeter, make it less sweeter, whatever. They will fix you up, no problemo!I was extremely impressed by the top notch service that they provided. Not only did they go all out making us feel at home at the shop, a couple walked in the door way after closing (I think it was about 11:15pm) and Dom told them that they are still serving and to come right in! I have never ever in my life seen such remarkable customer service from a boba shop. Hats off to you sir! The store had beautiful and rustic hand-crafted wood benches and a fancy two toned mock-bar. Also, they had cute little Bruce Lee movie themed figurines lined up along that bar. I admired each one. The asian inspired art on the wall are also for sale ($200, $300, etc.). Hey, I probably wouldn't buy it, but it's nice to know I can! (Fun Fact: 2 days ago (July 20th) marks the anniversary of Bruce Lee's death)WaPow!
5	Growing up in Taiwan (hometown of where boba / bubble tea is from), I have high standards for bubble teas.  Kung Fu is my favorite boba tea house in NYC among some serious competitors originated from Taiwan (Coco & Ten Ren).  I was in Chinatown for some ramen and was pleasantly surprised to run into Kung Fu Tea!  Didn't realize they have a location in Vegas.  I was skeptical at first if the Vegas location could uphold the quality NY stores have and yup, Vegas sure did!  Boba was chewy, honey flavored, and not too sweet.  Went with my all time Kung Fu favorite oolong tea and the oolong was brewed to perfection!  Yay!  Now I have a boba tea spot whenever I'm in town for work!Oh, and the decor is right up my alley.  Cool woodwork throughout the store and a 20s inspired chevron bar!
4	The service is good. I didn't notice that my taro slush was watery but they came to me and offer another remade one. The service is worth 5 stars. I took one star off because if my personal preference. I like boba cooked a bit softer
3	I've been here twice since it had opened. The first time I went for the buy 1 get 1 special. We ordered 2 kung fu bubble milk teas and 2 wow milk red beans. The receipt clearly had the order right, but when we got out drinks we got 3 wow milk red beans and only 1 kung fu bubble tea. I don't know how it works but I think when they put in an order the sticker prints out wrong (the one they stick on the cup so the workers knows what to make). Because my receipt was right, but the stickers were wrong. I didn't want to be rude and be "that customer" who asks to change their drink, so I just took the order and left. I figured it's their third day open so I'll give them slack.I decided to give it another try a couple days later. I came in a group of 8 people this time. The store was empty with no other customers, so I assumed they would get all our orders correct because it was not busy at all. Out of 8 drinks, they got 4 correct, 3 completely different drinks (sticker issue), and 1 drink they completely forgot about. I'm not sure why the sticker machine spits out a completely different drink, when our receipt has the correct order on it. Also, my friend asked the cashier what milk strike was. She stated it's non dairy milk. And then we asked "sooo, soy milk, almond milk, rice milk?" and she replied "no, just non dairy milk." That really confused us. I don't think she knew what she was talking about...Besides all that, the boba is good. I like how chewy and sweet it is. The drinks were good, but they really need to work on making the correct drinks. I'm not sure if other people had problems with it, but 2 out of 2 visits where it happened is horrible luck on my part. They just opened so I hope they fix that little bump in the road, because otherwise their drinks are actually good.
4	Kung fu tea is one of the better new tea spots in china town. I was introduced to their passion fruit green tea and now im hooked. Their boba is okay, a little chewy but their tea is spot on, no weird sweet after taste and not overly sweet where it overwhelmed the flavor. Its also conveniently close to monta and snow flake, some of my other favorite eat spots. Parking can sometimes be a little of a problem on busy days since the lot is small. Prices on all drinks are extremely cheap and affordable. Insides arent super comfortable but its still not bad inside, sometimes its a little humid as well from the past couple times ive returned.
5	Update: We've returned several times now and tried more of their menu. The Taro Mung Bean Slush and also the Matcha Milk were both great! Thick, rich in flavor, high quality ingredients, and not at all too icy or watery. Lots of flavor! Their Taro Milk Tea w/ honey boba is also rich and deep in taro flavor (they don't use artificial tasting ingredients)  It's not a bad choice, but also not my personal favorite - my boyfriend loves it (I'll sneak a sip here and there.)Honey Black Tea with honey boba has a robust steeped black tea flavor and the honey boba sweetens it up nicely. It's a great choice if you're feeling something lighter and refreshing.Taro and Red Bean Slush is crazy BOMB as well! It's thick and has bold taro and red bean flavor. They use all quality ingredients. You won't taste powder here! If you can't handle (seriously delicious) flavor, I wouldn't recommend it. ;) WOW Green Milk with added Red Bean is another a great choice. It's not actually a milk tea- it's lactose free milk with red bean, mung bean, and honey boba toppings. Give this one a whirl if you're feeling adventurous. You'll enjoy the chewy textures of the beans and boba.My personal favorite has to be the Golden Oolong Milk Tea w/ honey boba. I can't stop drinking it. If you enjoy flavorful milk tea that's not too thick, this is the perfect choice! It's refreshing and the honey boba sweetens it up nicely.Also, we always make sure to communicate to them that we want it sweet, but not a sugar bomb and they always hook us right up! Just tell them the percentage of sugar you want them to add: Less sugar: 70%Half Sugar: 50%Little sugar: 30%No sugar: 0% duh :pThanks KFT crew!Pro tip: the honey in the boba dissolves into the drink if you drink it very slowly (like we do.) So at first it might not seem too sweet, but in due time it will become sweeter. Just FYI for the non sweets peeps! Just add more ice and you're back in business baby!
5	Only been here once and will definitely come back again! The service was amazing. One of my gfs is pregnant and she really wants like a chocolate slushie but they didn't have one on the menu and most tea places aren't caffeine free. So they actually decided to recreate their Italian mocha caffeine free...it was great! The guy made it the first time and she tried it, but the chocolate flavor she's been craving wasn't too strong, so he made another one and he let me, her, and our gf taste it too. It was PERFECT and noncaffeinated! It was perfect that they were able to accommodate my friend's situation. My fave drink there is the white gourd milk tea (wintermelon), the potency of the flavor is stronger than most places I've had and it wasn't too sweet. It was just perfect...it had that aftertaste that you'd want after drinking wintermelon. I definitely recommend. Con: parking is terrible. The lot is so small and always packed. It's difficult to get any parking there. I wish they had another location in north vegas. :)
4	Went in for the first time today after Monta and we like it! Super friendly, clean and good selection of drinks. Will come back again!
4	Hubby, son, and I all ordered the Green Milk Tea with Boba. It was great!
5	This place is amazing. The choices are plentyful. Thr location is perfect and the staff are awesome.  I recommend the taro slush with boba
5	Best bobas I have ever had. Their tea and slushes are perfect for a hot vegas day. Great service. So many delicious options. I will definitely be back for as often as I can. Yum yum yum Yum yum yumYum yum yumYum yum yumYum yum yumYum yum yumYum yum yumYum yum yum. Try the black tea with honey and red bean slush!!!
5	Soo delish they have the best bubbles I've ever tasted!!  Great texture and perfect sweetness!
5	Came across KFT while dining at my favorite curry place in Vegas.  I guess its the Taiwanese in me but where ever I travel to I always seek out a local boba joint to satisfy my tea addiction, I mean you really can't ask me to settle for Starbucks tea right?   Kft Is new to Vegas but I've been to the ones in NY and was a fan so happily I was equally delighted with the tea at this Vegas location.  I got the Ulong milk tea with boba and it totally hit the spot on a typical ridiculously hot Vegas summer day.  Service was super friendly and decor was hip, especially liked the kung fu movie playing off a projector on the wall, nice touch!   If you are picky about tea drinks like me then give this place a try.  The quality is far superior than Volcano and on par with Tea Station but at a 30% discount, really Tea Station?? You're prices are shameful!
4	Stopped by after having dinner at Monta Ramen.  Ordered the medium iced milk green tea.  It had only a slight hint of green tea taste and tasted more milky then anything.  I liked that it wasn't too sweet, sweetness level was perfect for me.  I just wish the green tea flavor was stronger.  But for $3.25, not bad.  They accept credit cards, even for my small purchase.  Bonus star!They were very friendly and quick.  I went in 20 minutes before closing.  I'm all about supporting small local business since my family had a restaurant back in the day.  Nice, relaxing and chill inside.  Would be nice place to meet with friends and chat.  Will be back, next time will ask them if they could make mine little stronger in green tea flavor.
5	The best tea house in town, hands down. Upon entering the shop, we were greeted by the friendly people that work there and was offered a sample of their white gourd tea with jelly. It was super delicious so we had to order one for my husband. I ordered their oolong tea with boba and I have to say, one of my favorite boba drink to date. The tea was perfectly sweetened and the boba had a slight honey taste to it-very yummy! They even gave us a sampling of their herbal jelly to try-- which was also delicious and I will have to add that to my drink next time.The decor was super fun with miniature martial art characters lining their "kitchen" and the art work showcased was very cool and for sale. Wonder if they're from a local artist? Super excited that they opened next to many of our favorite restaurants like Kabuto, Raku, and Trattoria Nakamura. We are definitely coming back and recommending this place  to all of our friends!
5	YAAAY finally a great boba tea place.  Their mung bean slush with boba is yummy if you want a cold drink with some texture or go for the Logan Milk Tea with Boba for a little sweeter taste.
5	Pretty good! i was hooked on their samples and had to get a large one for myself. Sadly i dont remember what it was called. Customer service was great and very friendly.
5	Great spot for a refreshing drink.  I'm a pretty serious boba drink guy, and it always comes down to two things: 1) How good is the boba? and 2) How good is the tea itself?With Kung Fu Tea, the answers to both questions is "Awesome!".  If you like boba, this is among the best and most consistent I've ever tried anywhere (east coast, west coast, Asia), and certainly the best in Vegas.  It has a pleasant honey-like flavor and was always perfectly cooked.I appreciate that you can customize the sweetness of the drinks, which is always welcome, and there are a variety of bobas and jellies to add-in to your hearts content.I highly recommend the Taro Slush, the coffee slush, and the Honey Green Tea with Boba as my favorites.If you are in the Chinatown area for any reason and have a boba craving- Kung Fu Tea is your spot!!
4	A great new spot. The grass jelly and taro milk tea are top in Vegas.  I definitely will come back again for more of it. Only downside is the parking outside.
5	Super friendly staff who want to get your order right every time- been here 3 times since we came to Vegas- specific options on sugar and ice (first bubble tea place I have seen like that), all in all very nice place
4	I previously reviewed this place 3 stars because out of the two times I went, both times they messed up our orders. I gave it another shot and wahhhlaaa, third times the charm. I got the two drinks I ordered correct, and they were very yummy. And the owner even gave us a sample of another drink to try. I know they're new so I'm glad they're working out the little kinks. Again, like I said in my previous review I love the taste of their boba! Yummm!
5	This place is awesome! Their teas are freshly made. Love the shaker machine, so cool. The flavors are classic and not overwhelmed sweet. Their boba is perfectly cooked. Try it!
4	Free samples outside the door and super friendly service! Great bubble tea stop.I had the "longan-honey tea" which was an extremely refreshing drink. If you're looking for an iced drink, definitely look into giving the longan-honey tea a shot. It's sweet in flavor and really  lightens you up after a few sips. If you're not too big on sweetness, before you finalize your drink order, you have the option to ask for less sugar! How convenient!!! x] the percentage levels are: 70%, 50%, 30%, and 0%. For the first time you try longan-honey tea, I would recommend requesting 70% sugar because the sweetness might otherwise be overwhelming!
4	Guys, I think it's safe to come back.Prompted by the endless flood of positive ratings (including Antonia R.'s glowing reviews), and latching on to my friends' curiosity about the new kid in town, I made a return visit to see whether Kung Fu Tea had changed since my first visit during their opening weekend. In short, they have improved.Some of the noticeable improvements had nothing to do with the tea. In addition to their chalkboard, they have two other ways of displaying their menu now: (1) a pretty large LCD menu hanging over the counter, and (2) a detailed, professional, folding business card. Their TV in the back is also working and has a YouTube playlist filled with clips ranging from kung fu movies to a dog trying to fight a cat (yeah, I have no idea either).I went with Antonia's recommendation of the golden oolong milk tea w/ boba (and asked for less ice). I think it was actually filled to the top even with less ice being present. It had noticeable tea flavor, medium sweetness even with full sugar, and none of the extra milky weirdness that was present in the milk tea from last time (although Antonia's review does make me wonder if what I had was the sweetness leeching out from the boba). I also sampled my friend's sunshine pineapple tea, which actually had zero added sugar, and it was still a little sweet with a balanced tea and pineapple flavor.There's so many other established tea places that I haven't fully explored, but I will be back here when it's convenient. The differences are that I will be eager instead of reluctant, and I might drive across the street or down a couple of blocks instead of only limiting myself to following up a meal at Japanese Curry Zen or Big Wong.
4	We stopped by Kung Fu Tea after getting some Monta Ramen. There is a Kung Fu Tea in the city I am originally from (Houston), and the service here is so much BETTER! They gave out free samples of Mango Green Tea and Taro Slush outside Monta Ramen, and the lady who was handing them out was super nice. She was very friendly and helpful and insisted on opening the door for us when we came in to order. My all time favorite drink at Kung Fu Tea is the longan honey tea. The longan honey tea at this location was much sweeter than the Kung Fu Tea in Houston, so there is some inconsistency there. But, I believe you can customize the sweetness at this location, so do take advantage of that! I also tried their pineapple slush which was refreshing and delicious. I have tried a variety of their milk teas and they are worth giving a try as well!If you're having a boba craving in the area, stop by Kung Fu!
5	My BFF and I are in town for 3 days, and we needed a bubble tea fix so we went to Kung Fu Tea.  We stopped by around 11PM and got our fix.  The bubble tea is decent; my best friend would say very good.  I'd give the tea a 4, but that's not why I'm writing this review.Kung Fu Tea has the BEST customer service.After our 11PM run last night, we came back today (twice) because my BFF is in love with their matcha red bean slush.  They were friendly and prompt just like last night.  However, a customer who had ordered before us received her drink and immediately started throwing a fit about how the drink wasn't right.  Every time I've bought a drink at Kung Fu Tea, I've been told that if it isn't right, they'll adjust it.  It was less than a minute between when the customer started fussing that the manager (owner?) stepped in and said that it wasn't a problem he would remake what she wanted.  The employee who had made the drink was having a difficult time understanding what drink she wanted instead as he had made the drink he was instructed to.  The customer started ranting about how he should instruct his employees to get it right the first time.  (Seriously?  It's a $4 drink.  Not surgery.  You don't have to be rude to get customer service.)  So the manager remade the drink, and the customer still wasn't happy because she didn't like it even though that was the drink she had asked and paid for.  The manager saw the customer wasn't happy, and he was still very patient and asked what it was she didn't like abut the drink so he could remake it again for her.  This last time was the charm.  She walked out with a completely different drink than she had asked for, but the point of this story is not the shitty behavior of the customer, it's the excellent customer service Kung Fu Tea provides.  When they say they'll adjust something to make you happy, they mean it.  I am impressed enough from watching their interaction this afternoon that I rate them 5 stars.
5	Came here cause it happened to be next to Monta. I live in orange county where boba is king and i had a craving for it out here. I ordered a mango green tea which was surprisingly good. It had a strong tea taste which i like and a really subtle mango flavor which didnt overpower the tea. We were helped by a young lady and the owner himself. They were also so kind as to call us a cab to get a ride back to our hotel since we couldn't get a hold of any companies. P.s. we ordered boba before going into monta and found out that they didnt allow outside food or drinks. The employees were also nice enough to hold the drinks for us till we finished eating!
5	Found my new fav. Boba spot! I tried their  number one seller 'wow milk'... And WOW is right. Love it with the herbal jelly... The honey boba is also very delicious on its own. This place is fresh and great for these summer days in Vegas! If you're e craving a delicious cup of Boba and some kun fu clips, this place is must go!!!Need I say the service is also very good? If we are unhappy with our drinks they would be glad to remake it. Not like I need that option anyway...
5	I quite like this place - unexpectedly. A few people I know weren't really fans but after a couple visits, I think I'm a fan. Here's why:- Their drink specialty seems to be brewed tea, combined with some form of milk and other subtle flavors. So far nothing I've tried has been over-the-top. Always subtle. The oolong, for example, gives a great aftertaste of oolong tea even though you might taste a sort of milk tea initially.- Sweetness options are upfront and preset - meaning no percentage guesswork. You just say a term and they know what it means already.- Customer service exists... and it's good! I was checked on a couple times each visit to make sure my drink was to my liking.. or they'd remake it for free until I did. This is unheard of for boba in Chinatown.- Their boba has been perfect. Smooth on the outside, chewy to an exact consistency that I like. It's also honey-sweetened.- I think nearly all their options are dairy-free, meaning no lactose! I like this.- It's clean, and looks nice inside.The only thing I didn't like was the taro drink. It wasn't the flavor I expected. I think most, including myself, are used to that artificial and intense sweet taro flavor and that's not what they serve.Anyway, I think this is my favorite spot for tea-based drinks. They key here is subtle flavors and I really appreciate that. I'm going to keep trying something new every visit and keep this review updated!
3	Great tea place! Staff is super friendly and the decorations are awesome. The only complaint that kept me from giving 5 stars is due to the flies! I was seriously waving my hand around every 2 seconds to shoo them away. The place wasn't dirty. I have no idea why there were so many flies. I got the Kung fu black tea. They mix the drink in an automated cocktail mixer. It was pretty cool but mine had so much foam at the top. Not a big deal, just different. The drink itself was pretty good. It had sooo much more flavor than other tea places. Definitely a good thing! I'd come here again cause the drink was so good. Just hope the flies aren't there again!
5	My new FAVORITE tea spot in Vegas and easily challenges supremacy over SoCal, I'm a huge black grass jelly (herbal jelly) and any place that makes it fresh on location is already ahead of most spots. I haven't tried everything because I'm still enjoying the taro milk tea with jelly and jelly milk tea, all with only 10% sugar! Yes sugar completely adjustable, another thumbs up. And the service is top notch because they will adjust to your taste, making sure you got what you expected.Great taste + adjustable sugar + grass jelly + service = 5 stars!
5	Five stars for the drink! I can't say much about the place itself it smelled like someone was smoking inside. I'm glad I found this spot, as it's an alternative to tea planet which is so hard to find parking for. I had the blended taro with honey boba. It was delicious! I'll be trying other drinks soon!
5	Talk about SERVICE!!!!!Since my first boba experience a short time ago, I've been bookmarking boba places to try, and Kung Fu was at the top of my list, after recommendations from several Yelpers.  We walked in shortly after they opened, and were greeted warmly.After purusing the menu for a minute, we were offered a sample of the Taro slush, and the special drink of the day, the White gourd green tea with boba.  They were both very nice.  The Taro was sweet, but not overly sweet, and the white gourd green tea had a very interesting and unique flavor.  I enjoyed it a lot. My fella and I decided on the Oolong Milk tea with honey boba (thanks Antonia R!), and we both really loved it.  You could taste the tea flavor, and the boba sweetened the drink perfectly.  The girl who helped us out was super sweet, and patient as we made up our minds, and even gave some food recommendations in the complex.  I wish I would have gotten her name, as she was great. Dominic, the other employee (and I'm thinking maybe the manager? Maybe?) Was also SUPER cool.  We chatted about how I'd never had boba before hitting up Cafe Teaze, and he asked if I'd ever tried herbal jelly, which I hadn't.  He gave me, my girl friend, and my fella each a sample (although they were too chicken to try it.)  It had a slight sweetness to it, and reminded me a litle of mint, but not really powerful mint...the texture was like jam or jelly, so not chewy like boba.  Dominic mentioned that its a bit healthier than boba, which is good for me to hear, being on a nutrition kick lately. After we left, we decided to go next door for some food...what I thought was really cool was that Dominic brought out samples of their drink of the day to the people waiting in line outside.  Great marketing!!!  All in all, I'm really pleased with my decision to try Kung Fu today.  They have good hours (although I wish they opened before 830 so I could sneak off for boba before work!)My only complaint is that there isn't a "rewards/loyalty" program yet...but I'm sure it will come eventually. Great job guys.  See you soon!
5	The drinks are amazing here.  The tea is brewed to perfection and the boba is made fresh.  The boba has just enough chewiness that it complements the tea, sugar, and creme in the drink.  The white gourd green tea and the black tea are one of my favorite drinks there. The black tea is very different from any other tea that I have had in LA.  It doesn't have any bitterness but a floral taste that goes very well with the herbal grass jelly.  While the white gourd green tea adds  an extra sweetness besides the sugar.  I wish they had a Kung Fu Tea in LA.  The atmosphere is also very inviting.  The decorations are fun with the Bruce Lee figures and Kung Fu clips from various movies and TV shows playing in the background makes it very enjoyable.  The artwork on the walls are fun to look it.   If you get a chance take a look at them with the 3D glasses in the back.  The staff are very friendly and the service is wonderful.  I would definitely go back whenever I'm in Vegas. I now know where to get my caffeine before my long drive to LA.
5	This place has one of the BEST name!! So I got to try this place out.. It's right next to Monta Raman so you just can't miss it!  This place have a good selection of different style tea! So if you love tea and love boba! This place will do you justice!! Come on down.. Very welcoming service! Always a smile and the owner is very good at showing gratitude.. Always suggesting you try the tea before leaving-making sure it's what you want.. Overall!! 2 thumbs up! 1 for service and 1 for great quality tea/boba! Keep up the good work/service! Come on down!! And grab something good to drink!
5	Friendly staff. Delicious drink. Very recommend ;) Taro slush with herbal jelly is the best! Yummy! Hehe definitely coming back!
5	When you check in, you get a free topping such as Bubble. Yum!When we first walked in, the gentleman had us taste a sample of a new mix of tea he just created. The staff was super friendly!!!Then I ordered the Mango Green tea with my free topping of Bubble. I did ask for very little sugar, and glad I did, because it was plenty sweet. This was a great tasting tea with lots to chew on between the Bubble and the Mango. It was like drinking your dessert. The place itself was very small, but the artwork was super cool and have you plenty of art eye candy.  They are lucky they weren't shorted one of their elephant pictures, because I was sure eyeing them. ;)
5	Alright after 4 consecutive visits, I think it's about time I gave this place the credit it deserves. Kung Fu Tea has been on my foodie to do for a couple of weeks now because there's just so much buzz over it on Yelp with all these 5 star reviews, and I can see why now! Literally 2 doors down from the original Monta, this small-scale boba house could seat about 12 people total - 4 or 5 tiny tables and a bench by the entrance that pretty much serves as the waiting area. My first impression was that there was just so many options on the menu and a little overwhelming, but as you come here 4 times in a row like I did, it becomes simpler each time you look over it. Okay Instant Like #1: they offer lactaid options. I don't have a problem with milk, but my bf definitely does and it was nice to see he could finally enjoy a milk tea without feeling sick. Like #2: you have options of sugar levels (70% less, 50% less, 30% less, and none) so you don't have to worry if they make it too sweet and be stuck in a situation where you either have to stick with it if it is, or ask them awkwardly to re-make it. Which leads me to Instant Like #3: They'll happily re-make your drink if you're not satisfied, in fact, they ask you to let them know if you'd like to make any changes while they hand the drink over. Last but most definitely not the least, Instant Like #4 RED BEAN AND HERBAL JELLY TOPPING? Um hi, I'll be loyal to you forever, because I don't know anywhere else that offers this.Great atmosphere, wonderful customer service, and of course, tasty drinks. You can't go wrong with that combo.As for my drink of choice, I can't get enough of the Matcha Milk Tea with herbal jelly topping, or red bean topping. They let me sample their White Gourd Green Tea (and they'll let you sample it as well if you ask!) and it was bomb too.
4	I've seen friends posting about this place on FB, and they said that this is the best boba in Vegas.  This place is definitely better than Ten Ren and some other powder boba joints, but it's just average comparing to LA's standard.I really like the fact that they use authentic chinese tea because that is pretty unique.  I would rate my Caramel Macchiato a 4.5; but overall a 3-4 because the Milk Green Tea was watered down and need to be sweetened a bit more.  I also tried the sample Pineapple Green Tea, and it tasted strange.  My advice is to continue using the same  tea and brewing method; but master supplemental flavor to compliment the tea.I would have given this place a 3, but I don't want to drag their overall rating down as I know that it is pretty challenging to run a food/drink business.
5	4.5 stars for me, Kung Fu tea has quietly become my #1 spot for bubble tea drinks here in Vegas!Recently just opened, the ratings for this place are legit. Everything including, drink quality, to the exceptional service, to the value, is on point.Kung Fu might make the best boba in town!! It has a nice "gummy bear" texture, not too hard or mushy, which a good bubble tea place must have, and has a clean, caramelly, flavor.When I come here I normally get their tea drinks. The tea they brew is strong, but not bitter. I think that their taro milk tea is probably the 2nd best drink in town (following closely behind Fresh Cup's avocado smoothie).The only knock that I'll give them is on their much heralded herbal jelly. To me, it just taste like a regular jelly, I couldn't tell you what kind of herbs that they infused inside.They have a brilliant ordering system that allows you to control how sweet, or how much ice is in your drink. The prices are very reasonable.Service here is on point. The employees are helpful, quick, and very accurate. The ambiance of the shop is cool, especially with the Bruce Lee videos playing on the telly, lol.I'm a regular here and is always my first suggestion to people who are in the mood for boba tea. Check it out!!
5	Super friendly staffs.cool drink for this hot Vegas weather,got our fav drinks after our gorgeous massage next door
5	So...if I like a place, I will make it a point to go back as soon as I can, whenever I can.Since my first trip on Monday, 8/25, I've been to (or had my fella pick boba up for me) Kung Fu 4 more times.  Service has remained consistently amazing.  My second time in, (Wednesday night) I decided that I wanted to try the Longan Honey Black Tea with boba, but I didn't know what Longan Honey was.  Dom took a few minutes to talk to me about it, and I was sold.  The fact that he takes the time to answer questions so completely impressed me.  That night, I stayed in the cafe, just me and my kindle and tea.  As I left, the lovely girl who helped us last Monday said goodbye and "It was nice to see you again."  How can you NOT appreciate service like that?  I've gotten the Longan honey tea every time, and even have my fella enjoying regular boba now, when he was previously only a fan of popping boba. I love that you can customize how sweet your drink is too.  The first two times I had the Longan tea, I had it with the regular amount of sweetness.  The last two (right now included...I've got my cup in my hand!)  I've had it made with a little less sugar, as I wasn't in a sweet mood.  Its been perfect every time.  As sad as it makes me, I'm going to have to limit my trips to once a week...I could have a slight boba addiction going on here!  But this is definitely going to be my go-to boba place.  Prices are reasonable, drinks are great, and service is top notch!  Great job guys!
3	Las Vegas has a ton of places to get boba.  In my opinion, Kung Fu Tea is just another one of those places. The place is small, it can get congested, and the register is located just a few feet from the door.  What does all this mean?  Well, if you are undecided on what to get and there's people beginning to crowd behind you, then it can get overwhelming and you may end up just getting whatever.  However, I don't care about the people behind me and I really don't have a problem taking my time.  But I admit...I was overwhelmed with their menu and the different options. You can get your boba with ice, no ice, with slush, and warm.  You can also have it sweet, not sweet, slightly sweet, super sweet, or with no changes at all.   I ordered the Red Wow Milk, which had boba and red bean in it.  Be prepared to know your options when it's time to order because my cashier in her robotic ways asked me all of them. Do you want it sweeten?  Do you want it warm? Do you want ice? Okay, how much ice? Really? At this point, I just wanted my milk tea.  I ended up pointing at the picture and said "just give me exactly what the picture looks like". My goodness...this was the hardest boba order I ever had to make.  Once you get passed ordering and paying, you'll finally get your drink.  My Red Wow Milk Tea was good and the boba was cooked just right. I thought that the red bean gave my drink more texture and flavor.  Yup...I'm a fan of red bean.  My only complaint is that most of my drink had big pieces of ice in it which also means I got very little milk tea.  Just 3 or 4 slurps and my drink was done, deMelished, finito.  I guess this is what I get for failing to tell them exactly how I wanted my drink.  Oh well, lesson learned.  Overall, I don't see myself going out of my way for boba or milk tea here.  I admit, the Red Wow Milk Tea was pretty good and if I am right in their parking lot craving some boba, I would come back.  However, their Red Wow Milk Tea didn't wow me when it came to portions.  A lot of taste and very little drink equals 3 stars from me.
5	What a GEM near Vegas Chinatown! We tried their tea and boba two straight days. Green tea are fresh, no bitter or sour after taste. Boba are chewy, had a hint of black sugar taste in them.Will definitely go back next time in Vegas!
3	I have to counter a previous review. I've been to this place many times, times when it was busy & times when it was slow. Most places in this area are small.But NEVER has it been SOOO overwhelming that I choose to be inconsiderate of other people. NEVER have the staff bombarded me with questions to the point where I get flustered and have to be rude enough to just point at a picture. Most of the staff has always been amazing and extremely helpful, no matter how busy. With the exception of one really snarky mean red haired girl.However, overall, this place is great. I recommend the Coffee Milk Tea with Herbal Jelly.
3	I went to Kung Fu tea the other day. To be honest, the only reason I went was because I was craving boba tea and Fresh Cup closed down, and this happened to be on the right side of the road (as in I wouldn't have to make a u-turn or any other fancy turns or what not). I went in about 2:00pm which was awesome because the parking lot was empty. I hate the parking in that shopping center because it's always so busy. When I first entered, I was greeted and the gentleman offered me a sample of their drink of the day- whitegourd tea. It was too bitter for my taste, but other people might like it. My favorite drink is the almond milk tea, which I did not see on the menu. When I inquired about the drink, I was told it was the most popular drink. Then why isn't it on the menu..... They do have drinks made without milk for those lactose intolerant people. I forgot the name. haha. But just ask! They do have a lot of options to modify your drink ie: less ice, less sugar from 70% to 50% to 30%. Those options are great. The server did tell me to let him know if I wanted my drink modified after he gave it to me. Great service even though he was training someone at the same time that I was there! It was empty at 2. I was the only one there.  Three stars because my drink was not up to my usual taste. The drink tasted like it was mixed with soy milk or something. It was the usual flavor of almond milk tea that I preferred.
4	I love the simple but appropriate decor...martial art figurines & of Bruce Lee!  As a die hard Bruce Lee fan I certainly appreciate the design.  The drinks are pretty good too.  We got the boba milk tea in almond milk & it was delicious.
5	I stopped by a couple more times since my initial 1st visit.  And each time I have asked for my drink to be modified. (Picky Picky...i know :))  They were great about it!  They listened and were helpful. Not like other tea houses that seem to ignore all your request cause they seem to get insulted when you ask your drink a certain way.  Even gave me a taste to ask me if it was to my liking.   Love this place.   Staff is always so helpful and friendly.   While I waited, owner also gave me a sample of the White Gourd Green Tea, was good, had a nice stiff green tea taste.   I'm always afraid to try new items on the menu, afraid of being disappointed.  So it was nice to get a sample.  This place is great!   The fast and friendly service alone has me coming back.   Awesome staff!   Must try!   :)))
2	A boba shop should almost always have boba. I've been there 5 times and 4 out of the 5 they don't have boba. But when they do have boba it's pretty good (that's why they're a two and not one). I would go there a lot more if they had boba and didn't mess up my drink.I understand places run out of boba at times but when you know you're going to be busy, especially during lunch and dinner times MAKE MORE! -_- especially since your a boba shop.They messed up my drink twice in the same visit, and my boyfriend went back to have them get it right and it was still wrong. I understand sometimes the different workers may do things different but at least keep it somewhat consistent. The first time was WAAAAAY too sweet, second was just water...I just paid $3 something for WATER, okay so third was again too sweet. *sigh* maybe I was overly picky or it was they're off day. But I'll only come back when I really REALLY want their boba, if they have it made.
5	If I could give this place more than 5 stars I totally would! It's by far the best milk tea I've ever had and and the tapioca was perfect(chewy and just right amount of sweetness). You can't sample anything other than their drink of the day because every drink here is freshly made with automatic tea shakers.  It's guaranteed that your drinks will be well shaken, and it's so entertaining just watching the machines go. I couldn't decide on whether I wanted black milk tea or green milk tea. The cashier patiently explained what's the aroma for each one and recommended me to get the oolong milk tea since I'm looking for something more TEAy. I didn't make any modifications (which I usually do at boba shops since I don't like my drinks too sweet) and let me just say it was a cup of perfection. We also tried the passion fruit tea at 70% sweetness (5 stars) as well as the pineapple green tea (4 stars). Definitely will come back again soon!
4	After a long, exhausting Vegas weekend, I wanted a refreshing drink for the long ride home back to Cali. I wasn't tired so I didn't want coffee, so I quickly yelped "boba" and there were plenty of options. After going through many boba shops, Kung Fu Tea appealed to me the most since it looked more refreshing and less powdery and I made the drive over for a pick-me-up.Located in the same plaza with Monta Ramen and Snowflake Shavery. Parking is easy to find. This boba shop is kinda small but there's plenty of seating on the inside. The decor here is absolutely adorable! It's obviously "kung fu" themed since it's in their name, so there were cute little kung fu figurines placed around the store. They were even playing a kung fu movie! The cashier was very friendly and offered my friend and I samples of their passion fruit green tea. Even though the passion fruit green tea was delicious, I ended up going with something else. I really liked the option to control your sugar intake so I ordered the mango green tea with 70% less sugar. The mango green tea also came with little bits and pieces of mango jelly. This was the perfect drink because it wasn't sweet and kinda bitter but I like it that way. You can really taste the tea flavor and the mango jelly was a nice touch. It was also super refreshing and exactly what I wanted for the ride back home. I enjoyed my ride home 100x more due to Kung Fu Tea! I would definitely come back and try their other drink options.
5	Kung Fu Tea was absolutely incredible for a boba shop in Vegas. Everything from the drinks to staff were really great and the Bruce Lee Kung Fu themed caught me by surprise! How cool![Location]In the Chinatown area (yeah, apparently they have one in Vegas). Next to a ramen house (delicious), Korean BBQ place, Japanese curry, and Big Wong Chinese Restaurant.So if you find the Big Wong, then you're definitely close to the best balls in Vegas.[Drink]I ordered the Green wow milk with mung bean. After checking in yelp I got free topping so through some balls in there! Alright!-Balls were the real deal. Just like the top boba places in SoCal.-I enjoyed how they provide you the option to adjust the amount of sugar in your drink per request. Very mindful.Place was clean, plenty of sitting space, and all the staff were fantastic.[Kung Fu Themed]-I LIKED how the monitors played kung fu clips. I LOVED the bruce lee figurines that apparently they sell as well. Took a few shots because they were just bad ass. WHEN IN VEGAS....YOU NEED TO GET SOME OF THIS BUSINESS. THE BRUCE LEE OF BOBA DRINKS. TRIP TO IT IS ALSO WORTH IT BECAUSE THE ASIAN RESTAURANTS IN THE SHOPPING CENTER LOOKED ALL GOOD. WE'RE GONNA GET SOME OF THAT BIG WONG NEXT TIME. SERIOUS.
2	After longing to try a new boba place after eating at QQ and No. 1 for so long, I was ecstatic to find this place on Yelp with such amazing reviews! The parking lot in the area is eh.. well isn't that all parking lots in China Town though? Yeah. When I walked in I was expecting more, but it is a cute little cozy place. There's only about 5-6 tables in there, wouldn't recommend coming with a big group. I love how the art on the wall is for sale, really cool, and they play Kung Fu movies all day on their one TV, I thought that was interesting. There was a lot of people inside and it was actually pretty warm in there, in the summer, eh... I love trying new things instead of ordering the same old thing, so I decided to order the wow milk, because, I mean just look at the name of it! Wow milk! I had very high expectations. They had a bunch of posters of different ways you can try your wow milk, but I just got a medium wow milk with 50% sugar, and double boba. I like how they have the option of how much sugar they put in your drink. I definitely think it was overpriced, $5 for milk and boba? I was really disappointed when I got my drink. It tasted like the milk you would drink after eating cereal, and their boba is way too sweet for my liking, also their boba was kind of hard. I can honestly say I absolutely hate their boba pearls. My friend and I didn't even get to sit down so we just got our drinks and left. Ended up not even finishing our drinks. I don't think I'll be coming back here, I'll just stick with QQ Boba.
5	Whoa man this drank was dank and all I have left to do is thank the people who made my dank ass drank. I ordered a classic milk tea half sweet with honey boba and BRUHH THE BOBA WAS TOIIIIIGHT. they should call it broba. I tried this gangsta ass tea sample that I was offered-- some green tea ass shit that tasted bomb AF with 70% sweetener and yo they made my milk tea all quick! Shit was fresh af doo00odz! Oh and that shit ain't manual labor anymore with the shake weight method for your drank. They have this robocop ass contraption that shakes your dank drank for you! Bruh I was like yo, the homie megatron is fixin up my milk tea right now!!! Shit if you wantsta haz a bettah milk tea than the ordinary, dis be da dankest spot in town. Get cho free topping with a yelp help checkin too. I'm gonna be a big munch reg out at Kungfu tea. OHH AND SHIT BRUCE LEE'S LIKE EVERYWHERE N SHIT HANGIN OUT WITH YOU, TRYNA DRINK YOUR TEA! Don't get ios8.
3	This place has a fun ambience with quirky YouTube video playing in the background. The milk tea can be ordered to your preferred level of sweetness. The flavor of the tea was good but the boba Itself were too small and had a strong sweetness to them that took away from the overall yumminess.
4	We've been on a milk tea kick and decided to try the newest spot. I decided on a golden oolong milk tea. It's delicate flavor and not too sweet so I definitely liked it. It's also creamier than other milk teas I've had recently. Since the reviews talk about the boba, I decided to add it into my drink when I usually opt out. It was solid. The texture was definitely perfect and it was lightly sweet. The fiance got oreo milk tea which is regular milk tea with crushed oreos. He really enjoyed the variation and it's something we haven't seen elsewhere. The service here is fantastic! Super friendly, but there's attention to detail. I see a short cursory shake on my drinks usually before it's handed off to me, but here he shook everything to make sure it was chilled as well as well as all the boba is separated and not clumped together. After we took a sip, he asked if everything tasted good or if there was any tweaks we needed. It was fine as is, but it's appreciated that they ask.It's small, but also really cute in here. I like the wood panels, art toys and local art work. Definitely dig this spot. Will be back very soon I'm sure.
5	I LOVE KUNG FU TEA! This place definitely sets apart from any other boba places I've tried and definitely the only one of its kind in vegas. The location is pretty small but is still my new favorite boba spot. The staff is also really friendly and they always greet you as you come in and walk out.Their drinks are always made fresh especially their teas and you can actually taste the freshness. The drinks have so much flavor. No artificial stuff or boba flavor powders used here. And their boba is so good. The best I've had around here yet. The texture of their boba is just right and the flavor is on point as well. I always get their honey boba. I only wish they would add more types of drinks on the menu.(P.s why isn't this place open 24 hours lol)
3	Oh mannnn, I had high hopes for this place, considering all the awesome reviews. But ultimately, even with the appeal of weirdo kungfu youtube videos playing and the clean cute store front with cute action figures.....I just wasn't a fan of the actual BOBA. They were smaller than usual (but not mini boba) and had a very sweet almost licorice after-taste. Not what I am used to....I will say, though, that the TEA was fantastic. I usually like my boba teas a little more sweet, but the quality of the tea here is amazing. Would I drive out of my way just for a good cup of iced tea? Prob not.....But if I'm next door waiting for Monta Ramen anyways, sure, I'll stop in :)
5	The boba has such a great taste to it. Not just some bland tapioca ball... Great customer service. The drinks have great flavor and they ask you how much sugar you would like based on your preference.
3	I ordered the Wow milk with boba.  The boba was a little bit hard for my taste.  I thought I was getting a drink some what similar to Half & half in LA.  But this one just taste like regular milk with boba. Not a bad choice for getting Boba in Vegas since there's not much to choose from.
5	Been having a craving for boba but wanted something new! I was getting kinda tired of Tea Station so I thought I would give Kung Fu Tea try! OMG I love it! You can pick your sweetness levels and the staff are very nice and helpful too. I totally recommend getting the flavored teas! So gooooooood!
5	With the recent opening of Kung Fu Tea, the plaza it is located in has become one of my favorite food places to go to in all of the Chinatown area. It is a great addition that fits perfectly well with other very popular and delicious restaurants in the same complex, such as Monta, Big Wong and Curry Zen. Being a native of Vegas and a milk tea fanatic, I have tried almost every single boba place in this city. Kung Fu is by far one of the BEST place in town. Judging by the amount of customers that I see consistently lined up at the door, I guarantee I'm not the only one that thinks highly of this place. Let's talk about...Location--  When you think of Asian cuisine, Spring Mt & Decatur is the heart of Chinatown and the first thing that comes into mind. Kung Fu Tea happens to be located on that corner and in a popular plaza that is always busy with customers. It is located in the far right corner of the plaza, within walking distance from many of the restaurants there. This makes it a convenient place to meet up, or grab desserts/drinks after dinner. (Note: There is a spacious parking lot for the plaza. However, during the busy hours of 7PM-10PM, the parking lot WILL fill up.)Service-- Kung Fu Tea has very, VERY good customer service. The staff is not only friendly, but also attentive. There's always multiple people that acknowledges customers as they walk in. They occasionally pass out drink samples and take their time to explain what the drinks are. They're also very willing to answer questions regarding their menu. Every time they call out a drink order, they will always ask if you require any type of adjustments on the drinks. On different occasions, I had them readjust my drinks because I didn't like the sweetness level. Each time, the workers would happily take my drink (even when they got busy) and remake it for me until I was satisfied. Unlike other boba places, they want you to get your money's worth and understand the need to focus on your preferences.They will cater to your taste buds until you walk out happy. Drinks & Quality-- Kung Fu Tea prepares each drink fresh and allows you to customize each of your drink order. You have full range of customizing from things such as toppings, amount of sugar, amount of ice and the amount of milk/ or tea used. Their willingness to let you decide gives this place a very competitive edge over other boba places.Being a fan of milk tea, I have ordered many different variations of their Kung Fu Special Tea. No matter what it is you order, they seem to stay true to the meaning of "Milk TEA" by actually brewing fresh tea that is strong enough to taste even when combined with milk/ creamer and toppings. Unlike other places that I find overuse their dairy products, Kung Fu Tea actually makes your drink mostly with tea as a base. Their brews are also very aromatic and rich in flavors. My absolute favorite thing to order is the White Gourd Green Tea. One of the male cashier previously suggested that I add creamer to the white gourd in order to turn it into a milk tea. Since then, this customized drink has been my go to beverage  and possibly the best milk tea I have ever tasted. I always pair it with their herbal jelly and it comes out amazing. The jelly is made in house and has the perfect amount of sweetness that goes well with the slightly bitterness of the tea. I prefer my drinks on more of the sweet side so if you do end up ordering this drink, I suggest asking them for less sugar or more ice. To some, the white gourd tea could be a little sweet. Their boba is also very good here. It is chewy but soft, with a hint of sweetness from the honey they use.The only negative thing I would have to say about this place is that in the beginning, I had an issue with the way they handled the drink. This might be more of my personal preference but I noticed the workers would wipe the drinks before they gave it out with a cloth rag. They would use the same rag for every drink. I know they do this so that the drinks are dry and not wet from any overflowing teas. While I appreciate their attention to details, I remember taking a sip of my drink after a worker did that and inhaling a big whiff of "wet laundry/dirty wet rag" smell from the top plastic cover. I said something to the worker and they re-poured my drink right away. The next time that I came in to order, I told the cashier I didn't want my drink wiped with the rag and saw that one of the girls used a disposable paper towel instead. From then on, I'd continue to request that.Like I said, it's a personal preference and something to look out for if you're like me. I simply hate that smell. Other than that, this place is highly recommended and definitely a must try!
5	so good
5	So I have gone three times.  First time had the oolong milk tea with boba which was lovely, an what ok noticed was no sugary sludge at the bottom, the boba was not to squishy and was sweetneded with honey.  The have a special shaker machine for there drinks to make sure everything is blended and ask to make sure if any adjustments need to be made.   The next time I went, I got a customized half matcha milk half milk tea with boba and herbal jelly.  I liked it except that bitter end note that you sometimes find in green tea, which I was told before was from steeping it to long.  The third time I found my favorite flavor in a selection that surprised me.  My friend picked it out, it was a taro milk tea with 75 percent sugar amount boba and natto??? Jelly.   So freaking awesome invade to get my own even though I was crazy full fom Japanese curry Zen next door.  It was crazy sweet and overly rich like a lot of taro drinks can be, and it even had some floral notes to it.  So yes you must go there, so many flavor combinations, good quality, and they are super helpful. Also have a flavor of the day and samples so you can see if you want to try something new.
3	After dinner at Japanese Zen Curry, we walked on over to Kung Fu Tea for some refreshment.  I liked the idea that guest can customize the level of sugar they want their drinks to be.I selected a medium taro green milk tea with regular sugar, added boba.  Maybe because I was there at 10:30pm, that's why my boba wasn't as chewy and delicious like others have described it to be.  These boba balls were a bit hard.  The taro flavor was super light, and I couldn't taste the green tea.Earl got the coffee, and didn't realize milk/cream would be added as part of the "drink."He drank 1/4 of this and the rest is sitting in the fridge.  I doubt he would even continue to drink it.Overall, it's ok...I will give it another try.
2	I don't understand the high reviews for this place.  I tried 3 drinks... 3 very basic drinks that shouldn't be difficult to mess up: Oolong milk tea with boba ($4 large)Green tea ($2.75) medium)Green milk tea ($3.25 medium)All were bland. I'm aware that drinks here aren't as sweet as other boba shops, but they didn't even taste like tea; more like watered down tea. Super disappointed. Boba also hardened within 5 minutes which is gross... Eventually it just tastes like undercooked boba. Yuck!One cool thing: they have these awesome drink shakers that I've yet to see in other establishments. Pretty cool, but not cool enough for me to come back.  I'll continue to frequent tea station for my boba cravings when I'm in Vegas.
4	Awesome little spots with tons of selection and some drink customisation. You can tweak the amount of sugar in your drink which I find awesome cause some slushies are just too sugary. The staff is super friendly and makes sure your drink is made just the way you like it. They decor is pretty nice too. There's a giant tv that constantly plays some pretty badass kung fu fights. A great spot for an after dinner dessert if you're eating in the shopping centre.
2	I have only gone here once and didn't want to return, but I might consider going one more time. The time I went, the girl who took my order was slightly short and rude with me. I was asking questions because I was unsure about what to get. Every time I asked a question, I felt like I was bothering her. In the end, I did not even get the drink I wanted. I did not want to complain because I thought I'd bother her again. I understand people have their off days, so I am considering going once more.
5	I originally tried the kung fu tea in NYC, and I frikkin loved it. Ive tried every taro slush with boba at every tea and boba joint, and kung fu tea makes it on point! So, by the time I got home, I went to he one here and damn, again, on point! This place didn't disappoint me, and I'm def a regular now. They also have this crazy machine I've never seen before making drinks. My friend who works with a bunch of restaurant's told me he's never seen it either. It looked way crazy, and I believe that contributes to the drinks good taste.Oh, and they ask about if you want sugar and what not, and they give you samples of what's featured. Pretty neat. Anyway, come here! Especially if you just ate bomb curry from Zen! Yum.
5	Really love this place. I've had it in New York for the very first time. So I decided to try the one in Vegas. They had extremely good customer service. My friends ordered a jasmine green tea, and they didn't like the tea flavored. So they were more than happy to make a new drink for them. I will recommend this place and will definitely come back! :)
4	Kung Fu Tea is the newest Boba stop on the block!  Been here several times, and so far so good.  It's been here since August and it's right by Monta Ramen in Chinatown.  You can make adjustments to sugar levels and choose custom toppings.My favorite is the taro slush and white gourd tea.  I still have to try more of the menu.Also, nice decor!
5	I got the KF coconut milk tea with boba and it was so delicious! The price was great and the environment was super friendly. I am so happy we decided to give this place a try, and I can't wait till we are in Vegas again. Definitely will be coming back and trying other drinks!
2	The drinks here are too watery in my opinion. Lacks Flavor.
3	this place needs work on their boba where i like it soft and fresh not sitting there for a while. i think they do specialize in tea so maybe this isnt the right spot for me
5	ONE OF MY FAVORITE BOBA PLACES. I used to go to Tea Station religiously but this place definitely replaced Tea Station for me! I usually get a Passionfruit green tea with boba and I love that they have sugar levels so if you want them to add more sugar, less sugar, half sugar, they can make it to your liking. The service is always great and helpful and I feel like they work hard to satisfy customers. If you don't like your drink they can gladly make you a new one. The prices are also nothing to crazy. Def. recommend!
5	This is so strange and delicious all at the same time. I was next door at the ramen place and was leaving when my dad noticed this place and insisted we try it. I tried the red wow milk which the woman taking our order said was the most popular item on the menu. It was good but I think the beans were a little odd. I came back a couple days later because I was at the ramen joint again! I got the wow milk this time. Which is the same minus the beans so it still has the boba. Boy was it delicious! Did I mention I love the way they package the drinks? They are sealed so you can bring them home and they won't spill. You just stick a straw in it when you're ready and drink! Wow I love this place and I love the wow milk!
4	Tea selection is great.... I've seen bigger tea selections in this area, but this is just enough. Order hot honey green tea which was just the right temperature, and a nice touch you can order the amount of sweetness you like for every tea you order. I ordered with less sweet (70% sweet). Perfect temp, great hot honey green. Also ordered Hot Oreo oolong tea. This was very unique and soo tasty. Will probably order this for myself next time. The only downfall is its very small, and very echoey. You could hear everyone talking and almost gave me a headache.
5	Awesome place! All employees are very nice. All the drink are perfect made each time i visit
5	This place has taken my boba obsession to a whole new level. Upgraded from the regular ol' boba to the mango jelly!I basically come here 3-4 times a week and order the exact same thing, Strawberry milk slush with mango jelly. Sounds like a weird combo but it's BOMB(dot)COM.The owner basically remembers me by now (since I'm the only weirdo that gets strawberry with  mango)Who needs Starbucks when you can get Kung Fu Tea at a cheaper price!Their service is excellent. Never disappointed.
5	Love how you can do half sugar.  My boyf. And I wanted boba and from out of town, We tried this place open late..  Never had Honey tea!  Yummy.  His taro was also yummy too! I'd definitely comeBack to try something different
5	Let me just say, I found a tea spot I automatically love. The vibe of the place is really cool, they're open late, the workers are very very accommodating and super informative about all their hot and cold drinks. I had the cold almond milk tea and it was so good. My friend got the hot taro tea, they said it was one of the best ones she's ever tasted. Please give this wonderful place a visit, and more!
3	On a late night milk tea run, we ended up at Kung Fu Tea. The shop is really cute and their menu is extensive. I appreciate that they ask how sweet you want your drink as most places don't do this. The servers are friendly and helpful. I ordered an oolong milk tea when herbal jelly on my first visit and a taro milk tea with boba ok my second visit. Both were good, albeit a little heavier on the milk than I would like. They always ask if the drink is good and are more than happy to make any adjustments if the drink isn't to your liking. Nice little shop and the boba is solid. I'll be back, but I'll make sure to let them know I like a little lighter handed with the milk.
5	This is the best place to get a tea drink.  The employees are very friendly and sociable,  they always seem to having a great time. There is so much variety in the drinks and they always make sure you like it. They actually allow you to order no ice and ask you how much sugar and ice you want,  finally a place that asks me what I want.  Most places around here even charge you more for no ice,  but this place doesn't and I love them for that little thing. Best place,  period.
3	2.7 stars Decent milk tea, not the best but decent.5 stars The service is Excellent!So averaging to 3.5+ starsSharetea in San Mateo takes the cake
5	This is around 4.5 stars but 5 stars works, too. These days, it's the only boba place I go to -- mostly because of location and since I'm already in the area for food. My first visit wasn't very appealing. There's a smell when you walk in that I just hate. I don't know what it is. And I also didn't like their boba the first time I had it. I don't know why I got tired chewing it, haha. Now, though, I really like their small harder boba. Their drinks aren't too bad. I used to always get coconut milk tea at other boba places but recently I'm a big fan of jasmine milk tea. So I'm SUPER BUMMED they still don't have jasmine milk tea. So please please please put in jasmine milk tea soon :0D. Overall, I approve of the place and of the staff + service. You'll always be acknowledged and greeted that's for sure. Whether you're leaving or entering the joint. Thumbs up!P.S. They don't have stamp cards.
3	Maybe I'm biased since I'm from the land of boba in the 626 area, but this place is nothing special.They offer all different sugar levels and what not but the drinks were not consistent.  We both ordered less sugar and one was sweet while the other was bland.  What's up with that?Boba is okay, I think honey boba always tastes good compared to regular boba.
2	Multiple not good experiences, tea is not so great. To be fair all my friends like this place.
2	This place was listed as the highest rated boba place around the area so my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. It was a nice little store, had some pretty cool decor and the ambiance was pleasant. However, the drinks we received were EXTREMELY disappointing. We got the "speciality" KF green milk tea and KF oolong milk tea. Got fooled by the special names. It was nothing but watered down milk. I wasn't even able to taste the green tea. Even the samples of passion fruit green tea being handed out were bland. The only reasons why it's 2 stars instead of 1 is because the actual honey boba was decent and the environment was nice. But overall, the drinks were really disappointing.
2	The Skinny: drinks are meh (2) service/ambience: it is really noisy in there and the seats are uncomfortable (2) value: with all the tea joints in town, I give this one a pass.I came here to check out their milk tea. It was really weird. I guess accidentally ordered their oolong milk tea of which I am decidedly not a fan. Their oolong had an unpleasant floral overtone that did not go well with milk. Plus, they used regular milk instead of evaporated milk leading to a rather thin consistency. Definitely not creamy enough.The ambience is rather noisy with distinct echo effect in the joint. We found it difficult to have a decent conversation in there. Seats are all wooden without any cushions - definitely not comfy. Decor is pop-inspired artwork with a lot of Bruce Lee motifs.Given the plethora of tea joints in this town, I give this one a pass.
5	Oreo milk tea !!
5	Red and green wow milk recommended! The tapioca balls are chewy and the drink itself is awesome! Super friendly welcome when you walk in, beware haha!
5	My girlfriend has a boba problem. If we're going somewhere, near or far, the first thing I do is hop on Yelp and search for bubble tea.We happened to be in Vegas and luckily for her, Kung Fu Tea is right off the strip in the very awesome (and affordable) Chinatown area.She was happy, I was happy, and with a belly full of boba I hit up Church's Chicken and then proceeded to win beaucoup bucks at The Paris. True story.
5	Heard from friends this place was awesome, so had to stop by!Great decor with cute little ninjas everywhere, friendly staff the moment you walk-in and leave the place, and most importantly you can customize your drinks by adding different types of sugar levels! Boyfriend got the Taro slush, and I got the Oreo milk tea and we thought they were FREAKING DELICIOUS. Their teas are on point, and boba is very fresh. Already craving their honey boba! I think Kung Fu Tea has a great approach to the world of Boba. Definitely coming here everytime I stop by Vegas. Great experience!
4	The wife and I came here to get some boba tea after having lunch.  The staff were really friendly and helpful.  They have a great selection of drinks as well.  We ordered our drinks and it took just a few minutes to get them.  They were delicious!  This place is worth checking out if you are in the area.
3	the milk teas and boba are alright. I'm from Southern california, so I'm definitely biased.The staff members are incredibly sweet and outgoing.
5	Seriously, the best boba in Vegas and possibly country. I first came across Kung Fu Tea on a freezing *** night in NYC. My friend & I were wandering around Chinatown (which is a shady area at night time--I don't recommend it) searching for hot boba. Along came KFT. It was packed with young asian people. PACKED. There was also no place to sit. Intro, LV KFT! It's still packed with asian people but there are plenty of places to sit, chill, and drink your boba. Location, next door to Monta btw.BOBA: On the chewier, firmer side (which I prefer). Props for consistency. The boba is the same every time. Don't forget your yelp check-in for 1 free topping. I like mine w/ honey boba & grass jelly. DRINKS: As usual, I love that they give sugar options. 30%, half, 70% etc. They also have the best milk tea ever--Golden Oolong Milk Tea. It's the business. Green Tea Slush is tasty as well. It has red bean in it but I prefer boba. They'll make anything you want but generally speaking I would stick with what's on the menu. As Ardie Y. and I have discovered, Grapefruit Milk Tea isn't on the menu for a reason... You've been warned. They have some yogurt drinks + other random milky drink concoctions that I haven't tried yet. The menu is definitely on the larger side! I don't know if I'll ever get through it!KFT FTW.
5	This place serves up some pretty darn good milk tea.  Unlike other places they make your milk tea when you order it.  They mix the milk tea and put it in a shaker machine which makes your tea.  Other places just scoop a premade milk tea from God knows when.  Milk tea tastes so much better when it's fresh.  You have to check this place out if you love milk tea.  I know I will be coming back.  Also the person at the front took her time to explain to us the different drinks they have since it was our first time.  Excellent customer service!Free wifi if you wish to hang out with some friends or just want some time alone to think.Great milk tea, excellent customer service, no gimmicks, enjoy!
5	Their honey boba is delish!I used to go to No. 1 Boba Tea or QQ Boba but this place is SO much better. They are one of the best boba places in Vegas in my opinion ^ ^ I love the drinks and ambiance here - the cartoons and shows they play on the television are funny and interesting to watch while you're waiting for your drink. I had their taro slush with honey boba & the consistency and taste was perfect. It was creamy and slushy at the same time and the boba had a distinct honey flavor which sets this place apart from other places nearby. I wish they offered size small though! Their smallest size is medium. I usually just get a small when I want something sweet. Their taro was well-balanced though, and wasn't too sweet, so I drank the whole thing anyways without feeling sick or wanting something savory.Service here is really friendly, they always greet you when you come in and leave. I really like how they offer adjustments here to your liking. I came in few nights ago, wanting to try something new & it was chilly outside, so I decided to try their taro hot milk tea w/ boba but I didn't really like it :( The flavor was kinda weird. I asked to exchange to my usual taro slush and they were super cool about it! I felt really bad asking to switch it out but I didn't wanna throw the whole thing away and be sad about spending money on drink I wasn't satisfied with. They made my new drink just like how I had it on my last visit before :) I'll definitely be back whenever I'm around Chinatown.
5	By FAR the BEST boba place I've ever been to!! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. First of all, their degree of customization they offer to the order is great. It's like a boba Starbucks. They also offer a multitude of...things to put in your tea: boba, herbal jelly, nata jelly, red bean, and a bunch of other stuff I can't remember right now. What's amazing is that every single one of them have been delicious. Second, they offer lactose free milk. Woot! I don't understand why other boba places couldn't figure this out. I mean, aren't most Asians lactose intolerant?Third, they usually have a "tea of the day" sample which features more unusual teas. I've gotten to love a lot of new flavors I probably would not have tried on my own. I love you, Kung Fu Tea. Please open a shop in Henderson.
4	Heeee-yah!First thing that stood out about Kung Fu Tea was the cute and cozy decor with AMPLE outlets for plugging in all your electronic gadgets. If you need to get some work done and want to hang out in an adorable caffeinated spot this is your place. They have lots of teas on their menu too. Menu items are on the sweeter, milkier side of the spectrum with boba, grass jelly and red beans as options for additions. Customization is an option for those that prefer their tea to stay more true to it's original state.
5	Yummy teas! Out of the myriads of boba tea places that Vegas has to offer, Kung Fu tea really stands out in terms of their taste. While many other boba places have a very standard sweet milk tea taste, Kung Fu tea's Oolong milk tea at their normal sugar level tastes refreshing! It's not overly sweet. In fact, the reason why I love Kung Fu Tea so much is because, after each sip, there's a lingering taste of Oolong! It's almost slightly (veryyyyyyy slightly) bitter tasting because of the tea, but the creaminess of the milk tea helps balance the Oolong tea oh so well! I also get mine with grass jelly (yummmmm since it's free with a yelp check in! plus, they aren't stingy with it! I get almost a good half cup of it)!!This isn't really a great place to study since there's constantly foot traffic, and the machines and shakers do get loud at times so it's hard to concentrate or socialize. Cute decor and place. The workers also greet you upon entrance and as you leave :)
5	The service here is so friendly. I don't think I've ever been greeted so cheerfully "hello" and "goodbye" by any milk tea store in California. We got the Black Milk Tea with Honey boba. 70% sugar (less) and it was delish!
5	My favorite spot for boba in the city. I go here at least 2-3 times a week. When I first went in the summer, I went with the herbal jelly wow milk, and I was hooked! It's more for people who like sweet drinks, but you can get it with less sugar. To this day, I order herbal jelly wow milk regularly (usually cold, but it's also surprisingly delicious hot as well). Recently, I've been trying white gourd green tea w/ added milk creamer and boba- that's becoming one of my favorites as well. I haven't really drank any of the other drinks as often, but I've tried a couple of different green teas, and they all are very flavorful. Overall, the service is great, drinks are delicious, and the staff is super friendly. 5/5.
5	Love the milk tea boba drinks here! They have a variety of tea selections. Great place to hang and relax in the late night. Great staff and customer service. I am starting to sample the other drinks and the staff can help make suggestion and explain what are the different drinks they offer.  I have tried other boba drink shops and this by far is my favorite. Give them a try if you are looking for something a little out of the ordinary.
3	I'm not really sure how to rate Kung Fu Tea, because it looks like a wonderful and hip boba addition to Vegas. However, our teas left a little to be desired. I think I would rate 3 stars for the actual drinks, 5 stars for the tea quality, and 5 stars for the service = 3.5 stars overall. We had the milk black tea and milk oolong tea. We chose 70% sugar, so it was not very sweet. I felt like that took away from being able to taste the flavor or the tea, because the drink tasted more diluted. I would definitely recommend just doing normal sugar, since their drinks are not too sweet. The tea leaves taste of high quality. Perhaps too high for us... the oolong is very woodsy and smoky, so you definitely have to really like oolong. The black tea has bergamot oil in it, so it tastes more floral. I thought it was nice, but my friend and bf thought it tasted soapy. My bf went back to the store and told them that he didn't like the taste, and they generously offered to make him something else. It was extremely nice that they were accommodating to personal preference. That alone will get me back to try some other teas next time I'm back in Vegas!
5	To start offI literally go to KungFuTea at least 5 times a week. I've had a taste of all their drinks! All their employees are so nice! (:The service is the best that I've had compared to all the other tea shops that I've been to.  KFT has sort of a hip-bruce lee-alpaca vibe.(Props to whoever made that happen!) It's a very clean place with a family friendly environment. My favorite drink is the coffee milk tea with herbal jelly. And the white gourd green tea (which they can make into a milk tea!) And the oreo milk tea with little sugar.And probably also the hot green milk tea with nata jelly. Recently I've been a big fan of their always creamy taro slush!They brew their teas fresh all the time, and their boba is nice and chewy, nothing ever taste artificial or old (like volcano tea, ew.) And they have this fancy espresso machine that makes the best smells.I would recommend this place to everyone's friends, family, & dogs!On my most recent visit one of the employees (who seemed to be a big fan of singing) had much patience with me and adjusted my drink until it was to my liking! Don't be afraid to ask for adjustments!!To finish, KFT is the place to satisfy tea-cravings.
5	Ever since I got addicted to boba back in 2012, I have tried several boba shops in town and finally found the best place for a boba tea....Kung Fu Tea! You walk in and kft staffs will greet you with a smile, wow! Never been so welcomed at other boba shops. At most boba shops (especially in Chinatown),I usually get the death glare and this "can you just order something and get out" vibe. They actually care about customers and I appreciate that A LOT.After getting some suggestions by this friendly cashier with hello kitty glasses, I decided to get a honey black tea with boba. Decided to add creamer to it to make it a honey milk tea and omg...it was DELICIOUS! Their honey boba is sweet and chewy, a bit chewier than other places (prefer that way but depends on personal preference). I really like how you can adjust sugar levels/ice levels. Other boba shops needs to take some notes on that and step up their game, seriously. I also like how there are no premade here. Everything is made fresh and they only use high quality products. I could go on and on about how I love this place...just go and see it for yourself!
4	I've never had more fun waiting for something than waiting at Kung Fu Tea because they have a big screen with, fittingly, videos of Bruce Lee and other martial artists doing their Kung Fu thing. I got an Oolong milk tea with boba and thought it was top notch. They have varying levels of sweetness - I got mine "regular", because I don't care about carbs, and it actually wasn't too sweet (read: a 4/10 on a Georgia Sweet Tea scale). I've seen some pretty adamant comments regarding tea places' boba. I am far from a boba connoisseur but my expert opinion offers it a 'very yummy' rating.I'll request a little less milkyness next time but they're adamant that if you want something adjusted to let them know. So they basically guarantee your happiness!
4	This is probably one of my favorite boba spots in town. Here's why...1. They have a huge variety of drinks to offer. Every drink I've had has been good. My latest discovery was the Oreo oolong milk tea. It has tiny pieces of Oreo, so it gives you that hint of it plus the oolong gives it that creaminess. So good! And I love that you can customize the amount of sugar in any drink. 2. The employees are so friendly and patient. They greet everyone that walks in and offer suggestions if you're indecisive. When they make you're drink, they ask if it's ok so they can make any adjustments to the sweetness or anything. 3. The decor is so cute. The little king fu characters by the bar are super cute. And the wall art by local artists are cool to look at. (You can purchase the wall art. The price is listed right next to it.) 4. They are open late, so you can satisfy you're boba craving late at night. 5. Free topping with Yelp check in!! Score!!!! Who doesn't love free boba?!?!Now for why I docked a star...1. It's located in a super busy plaza, so parking can be a disaster. 2. When you walk in, the register is right there. So if there's a line, the entrance/exit can get backed up. Can you say fire hazard? 3. Their boba texture is inconsistent. Some times it perfectly chewy. And other times, like when we went last night, can be on the harder side. 4. There's only a few tables, so it's hard to sit and relax. Especially if they are busy and there are a lot of people in there, yeah it's kind of cramped and chaotic. Overall, solid boba spot for sure and I'll definitely be back frequently.
4	Nice place of scenery welcoming staff and decent prices as well. I'd come back here to try something new!
3	Not too bad. The boba we have is somewhat hard. So I'm not sure if that's normal or if it's a bad batch of boba...
3	I was expecting so much from all the great reviews on yelp. Despite the fact that this place has a great atmosphere, cute decorations and friendly staff, their drinks is just... Doesnt taste right at all .. Their milk tea is too bland, it needs much more sugar. The boba is chewy.. And its taste is kinda funky for me. The herbal jelly milk tea did a better job, but I wasn't fully satisfied.
5	When I'm not busy saving Gotham City, occasionally I take the BatPlane to Las Vegas to get some of this delicious Bubble Tea. My usual is a coffee milk tea, their expresso machine is almost better than my butlers home brewed coffee. (Don't tell Alfred) . The good citizens that work hard at Kung Fu Tea are excellent at their craft, they always ask if I need adjustments, but they make it right every time. . Hate to cut this short, The Joker just escaped prison as we speak. Batman out.
5	Super nice place, love the boba, love the atmosphere. Everyone here has always been super friendly and very helpful. In the summer time I love the coffee milk tea with herbal jelly (cold obviously) but recently I've been getting the hot taro milk with herbal jelly. Both very delicious.A nice little addition: they have cute little Bruce Lee figurines on their mantel & play kung fun videos on a big tv screen.
5	Love this place. Great quality boba, and unbelievable service.Five stars for the:1. Unique menu. It has all the traditional boba drinks as well as unique ones that are good for lactose intolerant folks like me. My favorite is the Honey WOW Milk--a dairy-free drink with honey boba and herbal jelly. 2. Honey boba. Enough said.3. Customer service. They will always tell you that if you don't like how it tastes, they can modify it for you. I've had drinks where I experimented a bit too much on sweetness and they always changed it for me good-naturedly. 4. You can custom order the sweetness of your drink to reduce the calories. 5. Supporting local artists. The walls display artwork that you can buy-- all Asian-themed (carp, Buddha, kungfu). Permanent five stars!
5	Came here on a cold and rainy day. The inside is basic tea place...but! It's decked out with cool bruce lee figurines and decor. They also have a tv that is playing martial arts clips. Really cool!I got the taro milk tea. Super delicious. The taro flavor stood out a lot. Also for the price the serving size was very large. The guy was very friendly also. Took time to explain the concept and menu. Definitely would return.
5	This is by far the most unique boba tea menu in Vegas that I have encountered. My favorite feature about this place is how customizable they are. Less sugar, more sugar, less boba, more boba... They make it. I love this place!
5	Pleasantly surprised by the good customer service! There's no shortage of boba shops but this one is by far the best. Friendly staff and nice decorations - feels welcoming and not generic. Unlike most other places, they are patient to answer my questions as I figure out what I want and the difference between the drinks. Drinks are good. In particular, I really like the nata (pineapple/coconut) jelly option! Some other places have a cheap version that feels rubbery and tasteless, but this one is higher quality and goes well with any drink. You can tell the ingredients are better here (versus many other places where you can tell it's just water and a scoop of colored powder). I like how you can customize the amount of sugar - especially since sometimes I'm on a diet and sometimes (most days) I give myself a free pass. Special mention for being innovative and offering dairy-free drinks, as I've never seen this offered for boba before. Many of my friends are lactose-intolerant, so it's a wonder nobody thought of this before. Bonus points for the convenient power plugs under the seats for your phone or laptop charger. Located next to Monta ramen.
3	Our friend who lives in Vegas suggested this place. We are from San Diego and are obsessed with tea station. There is one in Vegas as well but he said it's better than tea station.Hot Milk Green Tea - this is my usual at tea station so I had to give it a shot to compare. It was good but mediocre. The boba balls were plain and had a weird chew to it as well.Coffee Milk Tea - my boyfriend got this and we both were not fans. It just didn't taste too good.It's a nice little spot. Definitely by better than tea station though.
5	YES! FINALLY ANOTHER PLACE THAT SELLS GOOD BOBA!As big as Boba tea and Yelp gets, there are and will always hipsters and wannabe foodies who claim to know what's good and what's not. You may think I'm one of them and you are entitled to your own opinion, but you'd be wrong :)Originally, I avoided this place because of the stupid name. I mean come on... "Kung Fu Tea"? You can come up with something better than that... But one day I came because Snowflake was closed and I was with some people that wanted boba, and boy was I glad I finally had a chance to try this place. My review will solely focus on their tea/milk tea drinks since I haven't tried any of their blended fruit drinks. The tea that they use in their drink is so flavorful and you can tell its not cheap stuff that other places use. These guys use fresh tea leaves to brew their tea and not that powder nonsense that takes 0 effort to prepare. I just can not express how great it is for a drink shop to use REAL ingredients for their customers. They also have a great system to order the level of sweetness.I'm starting to believe all the great boba places in town have really dumb names. I HIGHLY recommend this place.
5	I enjoyed my first visit to this fun boba joint. The menu offers a large selection of delicious slushies, teas, coffees, etc. Prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly. Wi-Fi is available.  So many flavors to choose from. They even offer to adjust the sugar levels! I'm definitely coming back.
4	Love that you are able to customize your drink to your specific liking. Dislike the inconsistency when it comes to those certain customizations. My go-to drink at the moment is their Strawberry Milk Slush with Extra Sugar and Herbal Jelly. The first time I got this drink, it wasn't as sweet as I liked - so I made sure to order it with extra sugar next time. Some days they make my drink spot on. Other days my drink will end up tasting like they didn't put any sugar at all, or they put just the normal sugar amount. I've also had days where there would be very little herbal jelly in my drink. I know that they always offer to make adjustments to my drink after it has been made. However, I always have my son with me, so I'm not able to taste my drink right away. I usually have to wait until I get back to my car and put my son in his car seat to do so. By the time I realize that my drink wasn't made properly, it's too much of a hassle for me to go back inside and have them correct it. I really like this place. I just wish they were more consistent with their drinks.//UPDATE Adding an extra star for their superior customer service. It amazes me that even after 100+ reviews on yelp and a pretty stellar rating, that the owner still takes time to read and respond to most a lot of reviews. A+
4	We stopped im while waiting for monta ramen next door. I ordered a White gourd Trac with 50% sweetness and light ice. I love how you can control it to how you want it to taste! The second time I came to visit I tried a large Almond milk tea with nata jelly not as good as the White gourd tea. Will come back!
5	Tea Station use to be my go to place for milk tea.  Decided to try this place out as we needed some dessert and Snow Flake Shavery was closed.  Gotta say I'm impressed with the selection, price, knowledge of the servers and above all taste!Ginger milk the night before because I was trying to get over my cold.  Coffee milk tea the next day.
5	Kind staffs, cool character figures, tasty:)Definitely come back for next vegas trip
5	Ok so my only complaint is that this boba joint is tiny, but if you do get a chance to sit down with your friends it's pretty cool. They play a ton of Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan videos too so you don't get bored and awkward. So far I have only ordered their green milk tea and I freaking love it. The first time I ordered it I was bummed cuz they ran out of boba so I chose to have nata jelly instead. It was still delicious, even though the nata jelly doesn't have a flavor, it's just sweet but for some reason I just wanted more of that. They have this awesome boba shaker thing that shakes the shit out of your boba drink for you. I was just really fascinated by that haha. I find myself craving their green milk tea all the time.
5	Green tea matcha with red beans and boba. Best blended!  Great cafe ambiance , good place for  a chat. Kung fu movies playing on the screen makes a good topic. Excellent service with good suggestions based on my needs. Next time I'll try their  nata milk tea.
