4	Great new little place that has opened up in Goodyear with very good Donuts, I really like their cake ones and their apple fritters too!Very friendly staff and is just getting started.  We will be regulars!
5	Boba and donuts..great combo. The donuts are awesome. Moist and delicious.
5	Fresh and absolutely delicious
5	Awesome donuts. The west side has been waiting for a place like this for a while now.
5	Great addition to the area.  Will be back soon!
5	Bubble teas and sweet sweet carbs...The West Valley doesn't have a lot of good options for people who like nonstandard Asian fare.  Growing up in Taiwan for a while, my bubble tea intake has been limited to trips to Chandler.  No more!  And my little girl loves the donut holes with her taro boba slush once a week.  I may be giving her diabetes, but she's a happy kid.The staff is very nice and works to accommodate.  My hope is that they will do well despite the lack of street advertising.  We customers will need to put the word out so they stay in town.  The Avondale Sports Center area would be even better as a location!  Imagine: A butter burger from Culver's + Express Donut bubble tea.   Mmmmmm...
5	There is no other place on this side of town that comes close... seriously name another independent donut shop! Great service, better donuts... get the eclaire! Good coffee too... Discovered it two weeks ago and probably been there around six times... can't beat it, and its also a small business in which you can talk to the owners, and get to know the whole family... so go support them its a win/win except for your waist line!
5	Finally! Boba in the west valley! They have a large variety of smoothies and drinks as well as some DELICIOUS donuts! I of course tried the Taro with boba and not only is it a beautiful shade of my favorite color, purple...it was absolutely DELICIOUS!  My lemon filled donut was also really good.  The young lady working the counter was very friendly and helpful.  I really hope this place makes it! Locally owned and that is what I support!!!
5	Delicious donuts (check)Friendly service (check)Prices are reasonable (check)Will be going often (check)Super convenient location (check)
5	This place is great! Great friendly service, terrific donuts, milk tea and boba! So glad I found them and they are in the neighborhood! :-)
5	Amazing donuts and coffee. So fresh! When I ordered a vanilla-hazelnut iced late, they asked if I like a more coffee taste. More coffee flavor of course, but the fact they took the time to ask the question is a sure sign I'll be a regular here. The donut was a crueler and it was ridiculously fresh and soft. Crazy delicious.
5	Fabulous donuts, great prices, friendly service - this place rocks!I'm so happy that we have some place like this in the west valley now. I'd much rather support this delicious fabulous local business then a huge ok franchise.  Selection is great and they were just as delicious when we broke into them the next morning then they were when we bought them.  We will be back!
3	Tasted like any old donut to me, not bad, not great. I would not drive all the way over to this place and pass Basha's and Fry's donuts as the was nothing special about these.I would eat here again if I was in the area.
5	I highly reccomend their DonutsThey have the best donuts in Arizona!!!Took us a long time to find a great donut shop, but their donuts are the best, Hands down!!!
5	Other reviewers already said all the good stuff, so all I can do is leave my 5-star rating.Highlights: - Amazing customer service!- We went for the boba & were not disappointed.  (Best boba we've had and we've tried it in Los Angeles, Las Vegas, San Antonio, Washington D.C & in France & Germany!)  The server experimented with a mixture of milk tea flavors for us & had us try a sample before making the final drink.  Additionally, we like the boba drink with less ice & more watery - the server asked us a few questions about it to ensure she made it just right.  The boba itself was perfectly textured & with just the right amount of sugar/honey.- Donuts were great as well!Will absolutely be going back often!
4	Neon sign displaying Boba caught my eye when I pulled up. I ordered three donuts which were nice and fresh. They have the usual variety of Boba flavors but decided to try the strawberry mango and I hate strawberry flavor. The cold drink is nice for a summer day and blended smoothly. Highly recommend if you never heard of Boba and have an open mind. Go support the local business and and enjoy a great donut.
5	I had given up donuts to watch my girlish figure - but to heck with that.  I will run a few more laps to be able to treat myself to these donuts.  They look like Fry's donuts, but when you eat them, they are like a sweet fluffy cloud.  So yummy!  The family who runs the place could not be nicer.
5	Friendly staff, good donuts, awesome boba! Glad this place is open and everything I've had so far has been great! The customer service is excellent! I recommend the avocado boba. It's refreshing and delicious! Every Sunday is boba Sunday!
5	Stopped by to pick up a few donuts and OMG those donuts were AMAZING!!!!!!  We will be back for more.
2	LOVE THE DONUTS THEY SERVE HERE. Having said that... I'm not happy with their prices and this might be unfair, but honestly, it's a simple donut.  I can't believe I paid almost a dollar for an average sized donut.  It's a great tasting donut, but come on!  I would have been just as happy with 2 donuts from Basha's or Fry's for that price.I tried a boba smoothie.  Strawberry Mango: the boba was great, not one overcooker/ hard boba ball, but the smoothie was more mango than I expected. Mango overpowered the strawberry, it wasn't even a fair fight... Mango smoked Strawberry hands down.  Next time, I'll order a single flavor smoothie, instead of trying to get fancy-smanschie combo flavors.
5	Absolutely delicious with the friendliest service ever.  What a treat for Goodyear!
5	All I can say is YUM! Not only is the staff super friendly the donuts are delicious! They are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and the icing? Awesome! I will definitely be back but next time I am only getting the exact amount we need so I don't keep eating the leftovers lol
5	I started coming here every 2nd sunday of the month for a car meet held in the area, this is the hot spot for sure. The donuts are really great, can't image when its hot and fresh, probably blow my mind.On the side, they have boba tea which is really good, my favorite is taro and will ALWAYS be my favorite flavor.
4	Went here the other day and got the taro-coconut boba. The actual boba was good. It was soft and chewy, which is how I like my boba. The taro-coconut was blended and was grainy since they use the powder milk tea flavoring. The girl working the counter was very sweet and helpful. Overall, I enjoyed it and will try to visit again.
5	iv had alot of donuts in my life and these guys are something special, Every donut is delicious and soft, I don't eat donuts from any other place anymore...I'll be surprised if there not voted best in AZ by the New Times in 2013
4	Stopped here on the way to LA.  The staff were all really nice.  Family owned.  Got the vanilla donut with nuts.  Was good but a bit too sweet for me.  Will stop by on the next drive to LA for breakfast.
3	Nice lady behind the counter. Ham and swiss croissant rolls were pretty good. My daughter really liked her donut, but on the whole it was just too pricey to justify going back.
4	Very, very good donuts.  If you're on a diet have just one... and when you start to feel guilty about it have another to remind yourself why it was all worth it.
3	I came here on Yelp recommendations.  It was good!  I asked for a chocolate icing donut but got glazed.  Meh.  I guess she didn't understand me.  The glazed donut was just OK.  Nothing to write home about.  I also got the taro boba but w/o the boba.  Not bad.  Not great but passes muster for our side of town.  The ladies at the counter was nice and friendly.
4	I love that they make boba drinks here! And that they are actually authentic milk teas. The boba is soft and really fresh too. I haven't tried the donuts, so I don't know if they are actually good or not...but they look good in the case and the prices (.79 for a regular donut) are good too!
5	Just as good as Rainbow Donuts and it is in Goodyear
5	These are seriously yummy donuts!!! Locally owned and operated, nice customer service. I don't get the boba drinks (must be an acquired taste!) but the donuts rock! Best apple fritters and blueberry cake donuts EVER!
5	An occasional donut as a treat is nice.  Grocery and convenience store donuts are ok but rarely fresh.  I found Express Donuts cooks their products on site.  The baker fires up the ovens and fryers at midnight.  To take donuts to my 5 am job, I have to buy them the afternoon before.   That means they sit all day at the store and overnight at my home before I start work.  They taste old by that time.  I was telling the very nice sales person I wanted two dozen assorted donuts for tomorrow's work.  She suggested ordering now and pickup at 4 am.  Express Donuts does not open until 5 am.  She said they can schedule early orders with enough notice.   Wow, I'm going to be the hero in the morning.  Hot fresh donuts are a great way to start a Friday.  Thanks for being accommodating to my odd schedule!
1	I just came here & have been here before the donuts are excellent....MANAGEMENT is the problem they have set hours & this is the 3rd time I have stopped here & they are closed before the actual time. I will find another donut spot they indeed lose me as customer....Can't run a business like that....Management set your time, hire responsible people, & don't close before hours.
5	I looked this place up on Yelp yesterday because I wanted to try boba tea. The young woman working at the counter was really helpful: she explained all the types of teas and smoothies they sell and made me a chai boba tea and it was amazing! I also grabbed a dozen donuts, and the family loved them. Great little place, I will be back.
4	The donuts were pretty good, fluffy and soft, and the service was good, however the place has a bit of a shabby appearance. I wasn't too fond of the sweet tea, it was ultra strong and not very sweet.
5	My husband and I finally stopped after years of passing by. We got 12 donut holes for $1.29, croissant, and drinks. I wish I did not try the donut holes only because they are too good. I ate two and gave my husband the bag otherwise I would have easily consumed them all. The staff is also VERY nice and accommodating. We will make this place a regular stop.
5	This place has been here in Goodyear for at least over a year now.  It is still just as good as it was when it opened. They are always the best, freshest donuts in town. I literally had a fresh out I the fryer maple long john that was amazing! They are always friendly and helpful and have great prices. I hope Goodyear residents continue to frequent this shop so it stays here for a long time! We recommend the maple long johns, buttermilk bars, an the chocolate glazed. But everything we have had has been fantastic! The Iced Thai Tea boba is great too! I have been wanting a place to get boba for awhile now and when I am in the mood I can just pop in! :)
4	This place is a perfect example of why people should gravitate more towards locally owned businesses as opposed to corporate owned chains. The donuts are top notch and reasonably priced. They make the donuts fresh, which beats your quick gas station donut on the run. I got a dozen donuts and my two favorites were the strawberry glazed cake donut and maple long john. The cake donuts are incredibly moist and the regular donuts are very light and fluffy with the perfect amount of frosting. This place also offers smoothies and teas with or without boba and espresso!
5	The donuts are really good, 79 cents for a donut and a 1.29 for the bigger one. Nice soft, and good size. Right near my work. I will admit there is another bakery that I do love that ha s donuts and other breads there service is better...but the lady who served me today was nice at the end. I will come back especially since this one is closer.
5	Love the donuts and love supporting local businesses. They are always so kind and inviting.
5	Some of the best donuts I've ever had. And the service is even better. They are great people making great donuts. :)
5	This place is an awesome find! The doughnuts are fresh and light...no greasy after-taste like the chain donuts! The donut holes are like little sweet clouds of yum..The prices are very reasonable too!Check it out...you won't be disappointed.
5	When I heard Goodyear was getting a place that serves boba smoothies,I was stoked! Went in when they first opened and will never stop going back. Not to mention their maple bars are to die for! Service has always been exceptional. Once they knew I was a regular,I was treated as if I was a friend. I tell all my friends about this place.
5	Amazing locally owned business with great service and even better donuts. Thisplace is about 10 minutes away but we get up on saturday mornings just to get our fix. The donuts are just so fresh and soft tasting! Really is a must try in the west valley!
4	I'm from a donut town-Dallas, TX, so I know what good donuts taste like. Anyway,  this place is not too bad. I've had better.  Donuts taste good in the morning, but after 11am, the taste is not the same. I haven't gone there much lately and last time I was there I asked if they made pig-in-a-blanket,  and she got so offended when I asked how come they didn't make them. It was just a question,  lady.  Anyway, I just wish they made pig-in-a-blanket.  But you can't have everything in the world!
5	Absolutely in love with this place. I woke up wanting doughnuts and coffee and  after searching yelp came upon this little gem. The customer service was GREAT. We had gotten a dozen of mixed doughnuts and I had asked for a blended thai tea. The cashier let me know it would be a minute for the tea because they had a line out the door.  That was fine with me so my little family and I grabbed a table and munched on what we hard already purchased..... mmmmm so light and fluffy and perfectly sweet. So good that my boyfriend had decided to purchase a second dozen. We also tried one of their ham and cheese croissants.  Still warm and gooey. Can't wait to go back!
4	Bought assorted donuts and boba beverages at the end of the day, an hour before closing. Assuming the donuts were already a few hours old, they were still perfect. Soft and airy. The glaze wasn't overwhelmingly sweet and excessive. I would say they are on par with some of the established donut makers. The drinks with boba were an additional treat. Like their donuts, they don't drown you with excessive sugar or flavoring. I would recommend it to anyone that lives in the West Valley. I am withholding a star because their store needs a little aesthetic work. So come on and support this local donut shop!
5	Family owned and they are so friendly and their donuts are amazing!  Light and airy and not expensive at all.  They have great coffee also.  The croissant filled with ham, cheese and jalapeno is killer heated.  The diet goes RIGHT out the window when I open the door
5	Donuts are excellent! I went in 20 minutes before they closed and the donuts were very fresh and still a large selection. Prices are good as well.
5	The best donuts on the west side of town!
5	Express Donuts is the place for west valley residents. Their buttermilk bar is always fresh and always delicious. I've never had poor service, and I always recommend this place to anyone wanting a GUARANTEED delicious donut. Their blueberry donut is also pretty freakin' bomb. I'm not much for deviating from the classic buttermilk, but I haven't been disappointed every time I try something new. Express Donuts know their customers and know their donuts! Someone once told me Rainbow Donuts were the best in town...shame on you for feeding me those lies!
5	There is a reason this place has a line out the door on the weekends... awesome donuts! The apple fritter is definitely my favorite. They are even good a day later :) I will be back for sure!
5	The best donuts!  FRESH and GREAT price!!  We are there every sunday morning with the line out the door!  Love supporting the local small businesses
5	I can't get enough of express donuts! I love love love their donuts. It melts in your mouth with the right amount of sweetness unlike other donuts. They have good customer service, nice and friendly people. My favorite of all time is the the chocolate glazed donut.  I want more please.
5	The donuts are always fresh and the service is friendly.  I prefer to support local, small businesses.  In this case, not only is the product better than you can get at the chain stores, the prices are better.The ham, cheese,and jalapeno croissants are awesome, if you're looking for something more substantial (and less sweet) than a donut.
5	Visiting from Austin tx. And looking for a good donut (not dunkin).   Express donut exceeded expectations with great service and delish donuts.  Apple fritters were the best we have had.  Next time we are back in Phoenix  we will be coming back.
5	Every Sunday morning I stop in and buy 6 old fashioned glazed donuts. 1 for right after my workouts for the next 6 days. I have lost over 150 pounds and yep... I eat a donut every single day!! I prefer this place not only because the donuts are amazing but because they are family owned and use quality ingredients. Can't get better than that!
5	Great donuts, breakfast croissants, and coffee. Love the prices- almost half of what I pay at other places! Worth checking out- currently less than $8 for a dozen donuts!
5	Yummy donuts, good prices, great service no complaints at all. Drink wise all I've ever ordered is plain black coffee and every times it's been fresh and hot. This is my family's go to donut place.
5	Amazing place !!!! I love how they have a variety of smoothies and milk teas. Great customer service, very clean!!!! My favorite is the coconut milk tea with jelly and boba!!!!
5	My absolute favorite donut shop! I also am in search of the best Boba drinks and their Taro and Passion Fruit Boba drink is amazing! If you haven't tried one, it is a "Change your Life" moment. I go every Friday morning for donuts and the service is excellent.
5	Great taste, and one of the best Id say around here! Everyone needs to try this! Its a big bonus that the west side has something like this.  Definitely recommend this to people to try.
3	I had a peach black tea and honestly its was gross. It had a nice peach taste but for some reason the aftertaste was awful. Like it had horseradish or something in it idk. My friend had a mango smoothie and it wasn't terrible but there was a major overload of sweetened condensed milk.And just tasted funny, but the bobas texture was perfect and the donuts are great. Especially the Bavarian cream donut; very light, airy, and slight chewiness. Definitely better than the donuts at Safeway or bashas.
5	Delicious donuts and boba shakes! Their prices are also very low compared to the quality of donuts you get. Their croissants are great too. Good spot for casual breakfast.
5	Great Donuts...mouthwatering.  Judging from the outside I would have never guessed donuts could be this delicious.  Seriously Homer Simpson would be salivating!
5	i don't usually eat donuts.  however, i will make an exception for express donuts!  these are light and fluffy with a bit of crunch.  so good!  i recently left arizona so i guess i'll go back to my donutless existence but you can and should enjoy the best donuts on the planet at express donuts--jealous already....
5	Mmmm...donuts. I work the night shift, so after a long 12 hour shift the last thing I feel like doing is going home and cooking breakfast. I wanted something different than McDonald's, Burger King, etc., so I Yelped for nearby donut shops totally expecting to find the normal chain restaurants. Thank God I found this one, because these donuts are seriously freaking awesome. The texture is perfect--light and fluffy. And the taste? Heavenly. I totally finished my two donuts (yes, two donuts, don't judge!) before I even reached my front door. At first I thought, "Hmm, I'll just have a bite to see if these donuts live up to their reviews." Well, that quickly turned into "Holy crap, how fast can I shovel these things in my mouth?!" It was donut lovers nirvana. The price is amazing too. I think it was like $7.50 for a dozen, which is along the lines of the other donut places, grocery stores, etc.  I can't believe I've passed by this place so many times without even knowing it was here! So, yeah, I'll be back for sure.
5	Best donuts astound. Freshly baked every day! Very nice family runs the place.
5	Best donuts in the valley hands down! They don't compare to dunkins. I always come here when I'm in the area and There always fresh. Keep the donuts coming express
5	Best donuts hands down, and the customer service (family-owned) is terrific, love the Bavarian Creme and the Thai Tea Boba on ice!
3	Really good doughnuts, no doubt about that.  The maple is what I had and I really liked the frosting and the glazed was really good too... But the milk tea um not so much.  It tasted so much like powdered milk/creamer, nothing like milk tea.  I will come back for doughnuts, but only doughnuts.
5	BEST DONUT ON PLANET EARTH!!!! I'm a donut junkie...fresh made only! These are the BEST in Arizona!!! Light, fluffy, perfect amount of glaze, the cake donuts aren't laden with grease just beautifully done and with coffee or milk it's a slice of heaven.
4	HOLY DELICIOUS DONUTS!! Even the plain glazed ones are yummy. I have never tried their boba drinks, but I hear they are highly recommended! They also have stuffed croissants that are offered in both sweet and savory. Get there early cause they make them fresh everyday and sometimes run out... OMG! How could I forget to advise you to get the BLUEBERRY CAKE donuts... one word: WOWSA!
5	I think this is the first time I've given any business five stars. First let's start with my father's review since he doesn't yelp. He stated the place has a new customer. My dad wanted the bear claw to "taste" and confirm the validity of the donut shop. Well they won him over. The little apple surprise in the middle of the bear claw was the kicker for him. The donut shop reminds him of his childhood. Bravo!!!  ordered the original donut. When I check out a new donut spot that's my signature go to item. Well it was delicious. It was better than KK and Lamar's. I even had a glazed donut which was yummy. When I want a donut this place will be the new spot. The donuts aren't pretty but taste damn good. I'll take taste over presentation any day.
5	This place has great coffee and tea... its worth every penny
5	Moist, fresh yummy donuts.  Iced white chocolate mocha better than Dutch Bros Coffee.   Will never go anywhere else for donuts.
5	These donuts are actually really good and where I'm from no businesses sell boba so that's awesome too. I tried the Thai Tea smoothie and it was good, but the Taro is the way to go. And the employees are super nice.
