4	The new Uncle Bears is much more spacious than the one in Chandler.  I love the HUGE patio with large fireplace, great on the few cold nights we have.  They also have a large covered area with propane heaters.  Inside, it's pretty typical Uncle Bears.  The staff is friendly, the food is great, and the beer plenty cold.  We always have a good time, regardless of if it's Karaoke or just hanging out.  The only downside I have seen is that sometimes, even after 9 pm, there seem to be several children still around - and that bothers me when I am trying to have fun at a bar.  Hopefully management has addressed this in the past few weeks.
5	When I first moved out to Queen Creek, I was waiting and waiting for a good place to eat, good menu, good prices, this happend when Uncle Bears opened.I have been here many times and each time I leave so happy and full! The best thing on there menu is there Blackened Chicken Sliders, its four mini burgers, huge slices of chicken, special sauce, and cheese. All summer long they are giving these little bites of heaven away for only $5.99, they are normally closer to $9.00 There Prime Rib Sliders come in a close second in my book, there really tasty,Prime Rib sliced paper thin. Highly recommend this restaurant, what more can you ask for, great prices, quality food, great service, everyone always smiling. My favorite part is I can bring my dog out on the large covered patio. The staff will all come to love on your dog, they even have treats for the dogs!I give this place a 5 because I have never had a bad experience and always go back.
3	I  rate this as a 3 1/2 stars.  Ive only been here once so far.  The service was great and the menu selection is large.  Good beer selection too.  I had the prime rib dip sandwich.  It was good, but I would not say that it was great (3 stars).   My girlfriend had one of the pasta dishes and enjoyed it. (4 stars).  The portion sizes were good. I will be going back here,  but will be trying something else from the menu.  Hopefully then I can upgrade my rating to 4+.
5	Pulled pork sliders. FTW and 2$ off on Mondays - how can you beat that?  The service was awesome and the food was incredible ... How come it took me so long to try this place out??  Should have taken Mike F's advice sooner and gone out here (thanks Mike)Wife loved it and so did my son.  I will be back for sure to try other things on the menu.  So glad I found this place. (with the help of my fellow yelpers that is)
3	When I first moved into Queen Creek, I was waiting and waiting for a good place to eat, good menu, good prices not great no real specials during the games. I recommend this restaurant, what more can you ask for, good prices not great prices, quality food, service need more attention,  Most of the waiters are good people hard working people.There a bartender (wear # 11 Cardinal) during the Sunday's games that need to pay attention to the customer and not BS with certain ones. The service at the bar is not very good. You can wait 15 -20 minutes for her to notice you need a drink and there is nothing in front of you.I'll be checking back from to time to write another review.Uncle Bears needs to work harder to keep the customers coming back there are a few places in the area that get your customers if you do not.I will email this to Mr. Carey to see if things  will get better.I will give it a 3 stars barley for now but next time it might not be  that.
5	We love uncle bears...Its a nice local place to get some food and drinks! I love the blakened chicken sliders. They have great weekly specials and they have these trivia type games you can play on the tv. I would highly recommend this place!
4	After a nice girls night out at the spa, we came down here for some food. The service was great, and while it was quiet on a Wednesday night, we were well taken care of.We shared a sampler platter, which had all kinds of goodies - wings, onion rings, poppers and really good queso dip.  It was a perfect starter for 5 ladies.I had the prime rib sliders, and they were perfect! The Au Jus went perfectly, and the buns were toasted just right.  Everyone else was happy with their burgers, wings and ribs.The only complaint I have is that they REALLY need to update their beer list.  Many of the things on the list they no longer serve, but they had new items on tap.  Instead of Stella, I got an 8th Street, which was perfect, but the decision making was harder without being able to see an accurate list.
2	This review is for this experience I just had.  I have had much better experiences before at this place though, but here is my follow up - Don't get the Fajitas.  I know I should know better then to get them at a place like this, but hey, if they are on the menu?  They sounded good, don't judge me!Service was bad, orders were brought out wrong.  A bad day perhaps?  But this is the problem with these kind of places.  They need to work on being consistent. Just take this as a warning, don't ever get the fajitas ... (but if you like chewing rubber and never being able to swallow, then knock yourself out)
3	Pay no attention to SUNNY B's review, after all she gave Taco Bell 5 stars!! We live across the street and are quite happy to have a clean, lively local bar from which we can ride our bikes to. Food is good for bar fair. Good selection of local beer on tap and live acoustic music on the patio on the weekends. Service is OK and the peanuts at the bar are great when you are drinking. Try the prime rib sliders and the Tabasco Bloody Mary! Yummy!
2	Fajita were ok but the pizza was terrible. Atmosphere is good and they try, food just isn't spectacular.
2	So we decide to meet our friends out for dinner at the Queen Creek Olive Oil Mill.  We pull up on a Saturday evening only to find out that it closes at 5pm.  With limited options we drive through town looking for something serviceable.  We wind up at Uncle Bears.  It seems safe and we can watch the NCAA tourney on tv.The place has this strange infatuation with dogs that borders on creepy.  That was the only thing that was really distinctive.  Everything else was about as suburban as the cookie cutter houses that surrounded this strip mall.  The menu came from 123 Anywhere street if you know what I mean.  You've seen everything on the menu and the dishes were average, unimaginative, and bland.  Our waitress, bless her heart, was having a difficult evening.  Her visits were sporadic at best and we spent an extra 20 minutes sorting out our bill, she accidentally gave our tab to another table. Suffice to say, the next time we are this far out it will be because we got the hours right at the Olive Oil Mill.   At least our company was good.
4	went here on easter. the atmosphere is cute. pictures of dogs are plastered everywhere, and they have peanuts on the table in a dog bowl. i had been sick for a while with a horrible sore throat that eating anything was nearly impossible so i ordered a salad. it was good, but i will have to go back to re-enjoy it! lol
3	So, heres the deal...Uncle Bears is a great place to meet up with friends for dinner, a few beers and a game. The menu is ok. Nothing too great, nothing bad. I like the sliders. They're pretty solid every time I get them. The Chicken Fajitas are good too and contrary to what some other yelpers have said, they do not taste like rubber. Beer selection is great for the area. There are several local beers on tap from Four Peaks and several national micros as well.The theme and decor are great. As a dog owner, we love looking at pictures of everyone else's dogs and wondering after all these years of going to this place, why we've never brought in a picture of our own dogs. This is just a good old all around neighborhood bar and grill.
3	awesome atmosphere, so-so food and prices.  i have vowed not to go back, but then i return.  just goes to show that it's not all about the food.  plus it's the only game in town.  everything else is either bars or restaurants.  anything else that claims to be a sports bar is more one or the other.  Uncle Bears is truly both
4	We're not in downtown Phoenix anymore...this place is out there...well it's is in Queen Creek.  We stopped in on a little going away party tour for a friends and coworker.  They live and work out here and wanted to finish off the night closer to home. There are all types here... good ol' boys and country blondes to metro boys with satchels, emo, pierced and tattooed...you name it everyone was welcome.  We had a little food and a little beer and sang a little karaoke. A good night overall and a quality place to spend time with friends and maybe make a few new ones.
5	old fashioned hamburger is freaking delicious. i chose hush puppies for my side! yum. and their thai pasta is to die for!!
5	This place is awesome. Great, witty staff, amazing food, and a great draft beer and cocktail menu make this one of my favorite places to eat in this area.
4	I have been coming to this bar since day one. The bar staff has changed several times and good employees have moved on. Uncle Bears still provides good bar food and great service. There are limited options in queen creek but Uncle Bears is a fun place to visit.
4	Visit here every time I am in Phoenix.  I really want to complain about the new location, since it is farther to drive, but the new location is so great with the patio and everything - I just can't help but like it (and suffer through the drive)You know you're doing well when the visitors regularly take locals to find out about it.  Keep up the great work.
1	I have been coming to this place since it opened.  Normally I do not have a problem with the food or service but the last few times the service has been horrible.   I am such a regular customer there, the staff knows me by name.  I came in today July 4th, 2011 and sat at the bar.  I noticed there was no bartender but I waited for several mins. while watching TV.  After a long wait the bartender arrives and takes the order of the two people who just walked up to the bar and was still seating themselves.  Well I see the bartender is more interested in serving two people than one, ( I guess two make a better tip)  Since I am invisible to the bartender no tip for him so I went to the hostess station to be seated since I am waiting to meet someone there.  While I waited at the hostess station for longer than normal wait, two people walked in behind me.  Finally the hostess shows up hopefully to seat me and asked the people behind me if they would like to be seated.  I guess I am invisible to the hostess as well.  I come into uncle bears to be served, have dinner and a drink..  If uncle bears employees are more interested in serving a party of two rather than me then they are not going to get anymore of my money.Since service has been poor on my last three visits, Uncle Bears has lost my business
3	I like dogs. I like any place that does too. This is a fun place. Food is typical to good bar chop. Staff is friendly and seem well equipped to handle orders quickly and accurately. That's the good side...Met friends for dinner last Friday. The Karaoke host had music so loud that we could not hear one another unless we shouted in the ear of the person next to us. It ruined the 'meet good friends and catch up with things' time we planned. We respectfully asked to speak with the manager to if it could be turned down a bit (at least to a healthy non-hearing loss decibel level). The manager came over to talk with us but could not even hear us explain. Finally he leaned in and shouted excuses... "people singing like the music loud"... "it's Karaoke night". Duh! Besides the hearing level health issues, whatever happened to the customer is right... or "I'll see what we can do"? Instead I got a MANAGER putting me down. I don't sing Karaoke but I'm OK with it. However, I'd much rather hear the people sing than the sub-woofer above the singer- it's cool at a dance club but not for dinner conversation. It also bothers me to when I hear kids singing adult content songs at the bar, This happened with both country and hip hop songs last week. After ringing up over $120 for dinner and drinks at our table for of four, we left rather than endure any more. This location is definitely not a place I'll meet friends again. Again, good staff. Good to average bar fast food.
2	We live within a 5 minute walk from Uncle Bears, and we were hoping to be able to make it our "go to" place for drinks and grub.  Unfortunately, try as we might, we can't convince ourselves that it's any good.  We've had nasty chicken wings that tasted like fish (bad frying oil?).  Food is bleh, uninspired, and the service has been SLOW every time we've been there.  The only time I'll go is if coworkers are going for Happy Hour (and then I'll usually stick to something that they can't screw up, like beer).  If they improved their food and service, we'd be there all the time.
2	I've only been to Uncle Bear's once and that was enough!  All the food that I had was just, well, not good... at all.  Everything (the staff, the food, the atmosphere) was just either OK or bad.  I'm not going to spend a ton of time on this review, just wanted to reiterate what some of the others have said regarding the poor food quality.  Also, the doggy atmosphere did not help the food quality... if the food is already blah, serving it in a dog dish is not a good idea (although maybe appropriate), it just makes you think you really are eating dog food.  I can see dog lovers really getting a kick out of this place, it's just too bad that the dog theme is all they have going for them.
5	I love this place me and my wife go there alol the time. Everything i have eaten has been really good(i havent tried the fajitas which seem to be the point of concern). I love the way they are set-up on sundays and how they seat you according to which game you want to watch. The outside patio is also very nice. The only complaint is that their karaoke tends to be a bit loud, but hey it is a bar lol.
4	My husband and I take our kids to Uncle Bear's about once a week or bi-weekly. We all love it. It's a great night out.Starting with the peanuts. Everyone loves snacking on them, and the kids (ages 3 and 4) have a good time trying to crack them, then throwing the shells on the floor.I've tried several of their entrees and appretizers over the past year. I loved the buffalo wings and prime rib sliders. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was that the salad I got last time was boring and the "blackened" chicken was barely cooked. The wait staff is always friendly and helpful and the rest of the food has exceeded my expectations. They have a variety of good food and drink specials, including "kids eat free" on Wednesdays. That reminds me, we forgot to go last night! Blast!I plan on continuing to take my family to Uncle Bear's and to try more of their food. I would recommend it to anyone that isn't pompous or uptight.
4	Great wings and nice staff.
4	Classic bar! Peanuts everywhere! Bring in a framed pic of your dog!
5	Back in Phoenix; back at Bears.  Brought some more locals who are hooked.  I could go on, but my fingers would get tired.
1	Used to like this place alot, jalepeno poppers were good and the pulled porked sandwich is usually good.  Ordered the jalepeno poppers the other day and they forgot to put the jalepeno's in them, I mean there was nothing to them other then cream cheese.  The burger was just disgusting, small and salty.  Hard to swallow.  I'd order drinks there for now on but the food is inadequate.  The sweet potato fries is the only thing edible there now and I'm not filling up on that.
4	Food is fantastic, service is fantastic, environment is fantastic, and if you like beer, try the Four Peaks Peach Ale, YUMMY!My boyfriend brought me here for our second date, and it instantly became a favorite. The pictures of the dogs on the walls makes for great conversation and a nice distraction while waiting for food. The outdoor fireplace is a great spot to hang out on a chilly night :)
4	One of the few places you can access on a Friday/Saturday night in Queen Creek without a wait.  Uncle Bears continues to be a fall back place when other options don't work.  Always good hamburgers, salads, wings.  And good selection of beers.  Plus it is a great place to catch a came as they have TV's around the entire place. Nice outdoor seating with fire place if you are lucky enough to get that seat at night. Not that you will need it come July!!Can't find anything else or not sure where to go, add Uncle Bears to your list of favorites.  Good comfort food and great prices.
4	Pretty good food, atmosphere, and service.  Anyplace where you can throw peanut shells on the floor is okay in my book!
5	You can smoke outside , bring your dog outside and the food is good. Everyone I have ever seen here on a Friday or Saturday has been insanely nice.
5	Old fashioned hamburger, tortilla soup, chicken walnut sandwich, wonderful. Give it a try and beer was only 2.50.
3	This was my first time at this location and 2nd time at UB's.  I like the laid back atmosphere at this place.  The peanuts in dog bowls is clever and I really like the all the pictures.  Tip:  If you're a dog lover (and even in you're not) I suggest you get a booth so you can check out all the cool pooch pics.  The bar has a great assortment of draft beers and several TV's to catch your favorite event.We had a combo quesidilla, side salad, and the fajita salad.Our server was very friendly and attentive....he never let my beverage run dry...big plus!  There was one odd thing....another server brought the fajita salad...fajita meat still sizzling on that cool little skillet....our server asked if we wanted the meat on top of the salad....so the helper picks up our silverware, pulls a fork out of the rolled up napkin....and scrapes the meat onto the salad...nothing too crazy, right?....except he grabbed the fork by the tines with his bare had....kinda gross....no?  Anyway, he did bring aother set of silverware, but that move cost them a star.The side salad was somewhat plain....crispy, fresh iceberg, a tomato wedge, croutons, and some grated carrot.  The combo (chicken & beef) quesadilla was filled with grilled onions and peppers and had plenty of meat and cheese...the chicken was white meat and the beef was tender and tasty.  It came with quacamole, pico, and sour cream.  The fajita salad had lots of shredded cheese, tomatos, salsa, and of course, marinated beef.  The meat was tender and juicy and there was plenty of salsa to spice it up.This is a great place to relax and have some tasty comfort food...the value is about average, but the service makes up for it.Good Eats,B
5	This place never disappoints!!  I especially love the prime rib sliders... I am really allergic the peanuts but I eat outside whenever I go there and I am fine.  The food is great and there is something for the whole family.
1	We had a group of 20 which I knew would be a little problem, but didn't expect to see what happened:  1.  Table was set for 16 - guess 4 of us would sit on the ground, plus not enough silverware for 20 either.  Had to share menus because they didn't have enough.  2.  Food arrived haphazardly and cold.  Had to repeatly ask for silverware making our food get colder and colder.  One of our party was served a salad in a dirty bowl - server took it back and all they did was wipe off the rim - didn't even bother to replate it - big mistake, but manager did make it right by comping her meal.  Server seemed more interested in those of our party drinking bar drinks and keeping them filled because those of us who had soft drinks were never offered refills, even when our glasses were empty!  3.  I'll definately not go back!
4	A really fun place. Pizza a is good (not great) but ambiance is a lot of fun. Very casual dining.  Large plasma screen throughout. And of course, plenty of peanuts to eat and shells to toss on the floor. You can also eat outside by the fire. I would return.
2	Just went in last night for drinks and maybe an appetizer, check out the saturday night crowd. Drinks and beers are good as usual. The queso however was luke warm at best, made me wonder how long it had beeen sitting out. Chips were stale also. We usually have pretty good service and food here so I was surprised. I'm sure we will be back and it will be better. Now the kareoke......
3	I don't know why I come here so much - avg food at best, and I hate peanuts.  The service is usually pretty good.  I will give a shout out to Jenny the barkeep - she's attentive and easy to visit with.
2	We used to love going to the QC Uncle Bears.  The last time we went, there was a little wait.  It was a Saturday night and we were fine about waiting.  While we were patiently waiting outside, a man and woman (and a kid maybe?) went into the restaurant.  We assumed they would put their name in and then join the rest of us waiting.  But instead of coming back out with us, the woman started hugging the staff - the hostesses, the waiters...  I thought, Oh, okay, she must work there, now or in the past.  That's nice.  They walked towards the bar area and we thought they must just be sitting at the bar until seated.*Minutes* later, this same couple was seated at a table.  My family and the 3 or 4 other groups were still standing outside waiting and we could clearly see the couple being seated.  It was very obvious that this couple had been put at the front of the line.We simply do not find that type of customer service acceptable.  We quickly decided to leave and take our business elsewhere.  My husband went in to inform the hostess that we were leaving and why.  She responded "Oh, they called ahead."I've asked on their FB page, looked all over their website - no where does it mention anything about "calling ahead" or being able to make a reservation.  It was clearly preferential treatment for friends.  It's just not acceptable.  We went to Native New Yorker on Power and Chandler Heights instead and had a great dinner.  We probably won't be back to Uncle Bears.
2	We sat out on the patio this time around and it took about 20 minutes just for them to come and serve us. Once they finally did we got drinks and waited another 10 minutes for the drinks to come and for us to order food. Our drinks were constantly empty and they were out of some of their food. I normally like coming here but this time around wasnt a great expereince.
1	Food very salty. Service was sllllooow!
3	Blah. For the price, I was disappointed in the food. Pizza was bland and they burgers were overcooked. Fries not seasoned too well but the had great desserts. The best thing about this place is definitely the patio. Awesome fire-pit area, tons of T.V.'s for game-day fun. Good for game-days...not so much for just grabbing a bite. Peanut shells on the floor was endearing.Staff is hit and miss...the first few times we got some cool waitresses but there are a couple who were snobby and seemed to be bothered when we asked for something. Bartenders had a bit of an attitude. All-in-all...it's ok.
4	Went on a Thursday night. Great atmosphere, like the peanuts and the big tv's. Felt like a bar but really loud like most are. Original burger is huge, cod fish food but not as good as Red Robins. We'll go back
2	I used to live in Queen Creek and I would frequent this location often. It has always been just okay but this visit was pretty bad.I met my sister here for lunch and I got there a little bit before her. I sat down in the patio area around 12:30. It was not very busy and I found a table near the outside bar. I figured I could get a drink and a couple of menus before my sister arrived but I sat there for fifteen minutes without ever being acknowledged. Once my sister got there it took at least another ten minutes before anyone ever came to the table. We finally got some menus and our waitress brought our drinks right out and she did apologize for the wait. In all fairness our waitress was really nice and did make sure our drinks were refilled but I'm not sure if the slowness was on the kitchen side or on her side. We ordered our food, I ordered a blackend chicken salad and my sister ordered a meatball sub.It took a full half hour for our food to arrive. At one point our waitress came out joking that she ate the food so they had to make another one. I know that she was trying to make light of it taking so long but it was still a little frustrating. We were in no hurry but still this is way to long for a salad and a sandwich to come out. Once we got our food it was just okay. The blackened chicken in my salad was really tasty but the fat free ranch that they serve is horrible, I would recommend anything but this dressing. My sister did like her meatball sub but it was a bit on the greasy side.I do like the atmosphere of the outside patio and the friendly vibe of this restaurant. I think that the quality of food could be a little better as well as the efficiency of service. My family lives out this way so I will probably visit this location again because it is one of their favorites but I might just stick to drinks and chips and salsa next time.
5	I love this place.  The service is good, the food is good, and the atmosphere is nice.  You can sit outside by the fireplace or inside and watch a game. Now with the new app on my iPhone I get a discount every time I go there!This location I was always happy with, don't bother with Mesa...yuck.
2	Drinks was good, entertainment was fun but wings were undercooked and chewy:(
3	Can be sketchy but mostly A-OK
3	Went on a Wednesday and learned kids eat free, so that was pretty awesome. Our server was friendly but I felt like we were forgotten in the corner. My husband and I both ordered salads, Chicken Caesar and a Cobb. The chicken Caesar was pretty good, over dressed and the garlic bread was cold. My husband loved his cobb salad and said that it was delicious and fresh although his garlic bread was cold as well. The kids had the pizza and spaghetti and they both said that it was ok just didn't have a lot of taste to them. Saw the manager walk around a couple of times and look around but he did not frequent any tables to ask how everything was. If you want a great place for some drinks and appetizers, this is the place. The patio outside is awesome especially in the winter time.
3	Don't go here to often, Have nothing bad to say about the place, Food is decent the prices are okay. My kids enjoy it, just nothing really stands out. A good neighbor hood restaurant.
2	Pros:Beer was nice and coldChicken wings were pretty good. I liked that every baseball game was on a different tv. Cons:Queso and chips were below average. The queso looked like something you'd find on the shelves of the chip aisle in your local grocery store. We had a BBQ chicken pizza and it wasn't that great. The chicken was boiled, and lacked flavor. The BBQ sauce was average, while the pizza dough was very bland. Service was ok, and I might go back for beer and wings. I don't think I'd order anything else on the menu
3	There food is OK. What I love is the fact you can bring your dog and sit on the patio. If only my dog was well mannered enough to do that... :-)
1	We came for breakfast. I got the pancakes. What I received was the frozen silver dollar pancakes you get at the store. Complete with frozen centers. The entire plat was cold. I had high breakfast hopes. Do yourself a favor and avoid it.
4	We went just for a couple beers and it's the coldest in town! Hey serve four peaks peach beer...it is delicious! We will definitely go again and have a burger with the beer.
5	Uncle Bears is a true find in the back water town of Queen Creek.  It is literally the only place to go for a fun evening of food and drink. I had the Cobb salad and a plate of chicken wings and they were both very good.  Ask for a new waiter named Matthew. He was fun, attentive and really hustled the food orders right out.
1	25 mins for water, 55 min for food, the wrong order, no silverware, charged for an item we didn't order. I am never ever coming back. It wasn't even busy!
2	Applebees with an outdoor patio, better bar, dog pictures, peanuts all over, and not as good food.  We have come here about a half dozen times.  There are pictures of other people's dogs all over, and it is my understanding that you can have your dogs pic rotated in if you bring one.  The bar is big and has an outdoor portion, seems like a fun atmosphere, we were there once when they did Kareoke too.  On the inside there are peanuts shells all over the floor, and you get a dog bowl of peanuts at each table.  Thats a bonus if you really like free peanuts.  The food is like applebees or chilis.  They try to keep the food simple with a twist, but the food isn't that good.  It's ok.  I found a chicken/avacado sandwich I like,.  I wish it was better food, it just isn't.  Maybe they should cut back on the peanuts and put a few dollars into making better food.  I will go back someday and may try something else, or may stick with the chicken sandwich.  I had a burger there once, and it wasn't very goo. Boring.  Not bad, but not good either.  Good burgers are not hard to do.
3	I like this place BUT we stopped in for a drink on a Friday night after a movie and damn they had karaoke. It was too loud and why when no one was interested in singing did the wingnuts who ran the machine decide that they have to sing non stop til closing. I don't need to listen to the same 2 wingnuts sing non-stop, if the patrons aren't interested then leave well enough alone.
2	We had been regulars, but in the past 18 months or so we've seen service & food decline in quality.   There were occasions where we were told they "ran out of clean chilled glasses" - "...we're out of clean forks...sorry" WHAT!!!   Then there's the food, we've also had occasions where we can't order something from the menu because they ran out if this or that.  The servers have ALWAYS been wonderful though.  I have spoken to two different managers in the past, suggesting better kitchen management   I truly hope they make improvements because we really enjoy dropping in but at this point we'll be looking elsewhere for a local pub/grill....Chicago Pub/Pizza on Ocotillo & Ganzel is nice, a little further from our home but good bet, food & service.
1	Stood twenty minutes at bar waiting for table with eight empty tables the entire time we stood there. Bartender did not ever talk to us.  Left without eating.
4	Would have given 5 stars but they were out of draft beers that I like. With that said Our grilled wings were tasty both garlic parm and med. grilled wings what a concept loved them. For entree we had 4 short rib sliders with garlic aioli sauce and sweet potato fries. Tender meat but aioli sauce was not on slider and dipping sauce tastes like grease drippings from meat no flavor. Added a lil ketchup for flavor. Buns for slider were crispy just right for meat not to make it soggy. Husband had chili and salad wedge. Chili came in a bread bowl but husband decided to opt out. Chili was meaty but had a lil too much cheese and onions, almost like a chili dog without hot dog and bun. No cheese and onion next time and it will be perfect. Peanuts served in dog dishes for a snack before dinner was a cute touch. We will go again closer to home on west side of Phoenix
1	After an evening show in Queen Creek last night, we gave Uncle Bear's a second chance. First time: fair - burned pizza crust. This time: much worse. Asking for a burger, medium temperature, our waiter, who was very cordial, told us they'd do the best they could because burgers usually get cooked towards the well-done vicinity. I told him to tell them to not cook it so long... Why not? What my wife ordered hardly matters because we never got our order. I'd say we left at the 40 minute point, after getting an apology and a basket of lukewarm French fries at around the 25 minute mark. We were hungry, we tip well, we're never going back. This massive building, dedicated to eating all of the free peanuts you can handle along with a vibrant mediocre Karaoke scene, just couldn't deliver.
1	Went there last night. We usually have a decent experience. This time was different. Got the wings. They were way under cooked. Told the waiter. He took them back and brought the same wings back, burnt to a crisp. Thanks D-bag. Then charged us full price. We told the manager before we left and she didn't charge us for them. Didn't like the waiter and the cook trying to get "revenge" on us for daring to complain. That's why we get a Food Handler Card in Arizona. Maybe there employees don't have these.
1	Waited 15 minutes and no waiter ever came to take our order. Walked out. Horrible service!
2	Used to be a great spot to go, but they are now over priced and the service has gone downhill!  I've been going to UB since I moved into the area (5 years) and you would think being the only bar of its kind in the area they would be working towards improvements but it just keeps getting worse and worse!
2	This place is in need of a good manager..  Beer on tap was flat,  2 types,  food was below average.   They ran out of wine glasses when the place was half full.  We saw drinks on the bar sit for ten minutes waiting to be taken to a table.  The Sloppy Joe was terrible,  giant hard bun with 2 scoops of meat,  barely a meal. We have had enough,  there are better places to go.
3	Yeah, not as good as I thought they'd be.  This is my first time here, and essentially it amounted to waiting on the patio for 5 mins before being serviced, and watching people walking away without paying as I'm eating mediocre food.  I had the black and bleu burger, and it was basically the same as any place...a burger with ranch, blue cheese, and lettuce.  It wasnt exactly inexpensive, either.I wouldn't come back here for anything more than alcohol, I can drive to other places...I was hoping not to need to though.
4	Burgers and wings are good. But I enjoy this place because I love stopping in for a beer/wings after taking my dog on hikes. I like the dog friendly, but have encountered some unfriendly staff. I've seen some totally flat beers they bring out. Absolutely no head and no bubbles. I prefer bottles at this place that way I know what I'm getting. I'll be back, but only because of location and dog friendly.
1	Normally the service is OK (never stellar) but there's not a lot of choice around here, however, tonight (not busy Sunday), it's been a disaster.  We waited 50 minutes for some very basic items. When the fajitas finally came, everything but the meat came and by the time the meat came the other fixings and our other meals were cold.
1	Great place except for ask for extra crisply wings and got medium rare. Either cook them or take them off the menu.
2	The food is good, the wait staff not so much, ordered a sandwich with sweet potato fries and got a small handful of fries for as much as I paid I think they could spare more disappointed
5	Decided to give the place a second chance. All went well. Good beer. Service was good also.
4	Good food, awesome staff, the food was really good! Wings are awesome!Fun place to hang out
5	I had never dined at Uncle Bear's before, but when friends came in from out of town and said they'd like to dine some place casual, I decided to give the place a try. I was not disappointed. The food was great. I enjoyed the Herd Burger with Buffalo Wing appetizer, and my friends raved about the food too, especially the pizza. The service from waiter Matt was prompt, efficient and pleasant. The only "huh?" was from the dog bowls holding peanuts in the shell, which had to do with all the photos of customer's dogs hanging on the walls. I'll be going back soon!
4	The Dog Paddle - Wheat beer has great flavor and is my favorite, great summer beer. And if you like wings, get them grilled and re-tossed.
5	I miss the old beer list but love the restaurant. Great people, good food and a positive atmosphere.
5	Love this place ,we come here for our once a week date night  love the new menu, and great blonde beer . Was able to get a veggie burger much needed. And it was great , really . Our waiter Gabe was great , took our order with lots of things added and deleted to our order . We start off in the booth then move to the bar , at the bar the girls are always busy but they are always ready to take order fast and friendly
2	Went here for the very first time today with my love.  Nice bar atmosphere...beer was good as well as wings.  Pizza left something to be desired..Really greasy and too doughy.  The waiter was clueless- asked him for food recommendations and he said "everything" was good.  How very helpful, thank you.  We ordered a beer flight and when he brought it over,  explained he had no idea which beer was what, so we sampled blindly.  Thank goodness I love guessing games and usually win. (I liked them all, however would have been nice to know what I was drinking)  Ordered blue cheese for the wings, got ranch.  Never asked if we were interested in any more beer/drinks  or suggested dessert-just threw down the check like we were at Mel's Diner. Ok..guess we are done here?!
4	This place is pretty nice. They have good beer and most importantly they have kilt lifter on tap! Bonus points. The food is good but not great but we have been there a few times when the food was superb.   This place is dog friendly which his really cool. But keep that in mind if you have an allergy or what not.
4	This felt like a very appropriate place for lunch for a few days in the good ole US of A!Arizona has hot weather pretty much all year round, so we sat on the spacious patio outside, which was adjacent to the main restaurant. The menu was full of American classics - burgers, sandwiches, grilled meats and tons of artery cloggingly delicious fried food.I went for the lunchtime sliders - they have a few kinds to choose from: chicken, beef, pulled pork, veggie (why??) and prime rib. Luckily, one of my dining companions also went with the sliders, so we were able to swap one burger each (the order comes with two, but they are the same variety), so had my ideal set up of one chicken and one burger slider. The chicken was great, and came with a kind of spicy mayo and avocado to jazz it up. The burger one was cooked well, but I found it way too salty. Sweet potatoe fries were a treat!They also get a big thumbs up from me for the massive, and bottomless Diet Coke! They have great food and drink specials throughout the week, so if I come to visit again, could definitely see myself coming by for some wings and beer!
1	Long day of work and just wanted a cold pumpkin porter and some wings. Sat down at bar full of about 4 people. Bartender saw me I sat waiting no questions or orders taken for 25 minutes. I was thirsty and tired of peanuts. So decided to get a booth sat at booth for 25 min no one ever came so I left. Really hard to judge service and food when only one person talks to you and seats you and says someone will come take order and no one shows. Really irritated so left and got me a sub at jimmy johns and a six pack of four peaks peach ale QT. Done in total of 10 min. Never going back to Uncle bears in Queen creek ever again.
5	I've been back and service & food have improved dramatically!!!!   Love it now, whatever changes they made worked ... Will definitely continue going here again
4	This place is really good. We went there with over 20 people on Wednesday and they took awesome care of us! I think our server's name was Michelle and she worked her butt off and the bartender did too. The food was delish and we will definitely go back!
1	We tried Uncle Bears again after getting an email from the Manager telling us things had change.  We showed up prior to the football games starting today just me and my three kids.  We were hoping to grab an early lunch and watch a game. Unfortunately, no waiter or waitress ever showed up.  Watched 5 service personnel pass by no one ever asked us a question offered us service nothing.  The place was dead, the games hadn't started but apparently we were not interesting enough.  When we got up to leave the same hostess who sat us told us "Thanks for coming".  She just sat us 15 minutes ago and nothing triggered in her mind that wow, they are leaving soon.  I told her thanks for the continued bad service we will be sure and never come back.  Don't go here, we have tried the place several times, the service never gets better.  Go to Blue 32 its a little out of the way but far better service and food.
2	Lunch time slow few people came in while there. Nice place! Music could go down a notch or two! Service greeted and walked to the table pretty much right away - just happened waitress was walking by. Waitress was okay pretty knowledgeable. Had not checked with me since order was delivered even just took order for table in front of me. Instead of a step to check she turned and walked away! Tried the Asian salad here as the other store don't remember the seaseme seeds at the other store. ONE THING FOR SURE: never saw peanuts on the table. Not so sure of the plastic dog bowls for the peanuts - maybe stainless ones would be a little classier! But I have to say Beer was cold as was the glass. Really didn't feel welcomed by my waitress seemed like much rather be else where. I've written all of the above and just now got back to my table " now it wasn't how was everything it was (another beer) while clearing my plate. Again food fair, service was medium at best!  Okay waitress came from backside to slide beer on table and not even to say "HERE YA GO!" - if I hadn't said thank you she wasn't going to say a word! Should see a manager stopping and asking about everything (NONE)! A place such as this has to be about FRIENDLY!I really do like the place little travel but would give another chance!
4	I have been here twice have not been disappointed.  I like the lay out of the seating arrangements for the booths and the horseshoe bar.  With the weather permitting they can open the outside garage doors or choose to keep them closed.  A huge patio with fire when cool. Yes plenty of TVs to watch your favorite sports and teams.The best secret is they serve peanuts to munch while relaxing.I like their food specials and the wings are great.The staff is friendly and the are customers are too.  So that makes for a group of people having fun!
4	Check out the Prime Rib French Dip. Very delicious. Best french dip I have every had. Also try the sweet potato fries.
