4	Dear Rose,I have to be perfectly frank with you. While you are sweet, kind and fun to hang around with I have to admit something, I am in love with your husband. I know, I know.. I have never even seen his face though I have heard him sensually barking out to you in Chinese, wishing it was me. Tho, most importantly, I hear the music he makes with his wok! The sweet clang and clatter with fire blazing from underneath, your husband is a man of talent. When Im down he knows exactly what to make to help me to feel better. Crab in onion and ginger sauce as part of the number 1 special, only 19.99, is something of a long passionate kiss. The accompanied Green Beans in XO Sauce feel like he is giving me a massage from inside my tummy.. to top it off, 1/2 a roast duck and steamed rice.. oh the joy and bliss someone can bring you!So Rose.. please understand when I say these things.. I know you work just as hard as he does but he is something of a mysterious person.. I would gladly fetch his slippers.Love,FoodiebearPS.. Wahsun rocks my world!
4	When we lived on Central ave. I think this is a restaurant we visited. I am not positive though. The food was great, but the yelling at the woman out front from tha back got to us. So we stopped going. But as I said, I am not sure this is the place, but it the right location.
5	I would like to give this little gem 10 stars if I couldFamily owned Wahsun has the best chinese food in phoenixGrowing up in NY,NY I know what authentic tastes like Try their Salt n' Pepper Shirmp, Duck, Peking pork chops and anything else that looks interesting -    Incredible Noodle dishes or Hot potsand.. The absolutely most incredible Egg Rolls you will ever taste, Made Fresh - find chicken, Fresh Veggies, even a shirmp tucked into this fresh delight. Tables for larger groups available - this is a be patient type of place - good things take time.
4	Iain is right -- Wahsun has some very creative business hours. I shop at the Sprouts in the same shopping center, so I'd only been shut out when trying to grab a menu. No big deal, but kind of mysterious. I thought I might never get to try the place. I was starving after watching the inauguration, so I figured I'd combine a grocery trip with a Wahsun lunch special. Fortunately, Wahsun kept the doors open last Tuesday. I still want to order off the regular menu, but the lunch special was like a practical joke (in a good way). All lunch specials are $4.95. Usual suspects -- Broccoli beef, shrimp w/ lobster sauce, etc. All served with the standard egg flower soup, crab puffs, and white rice.Here's the thing --  there was a lot of food. A hell of a lot. It didn't come on one plate. It came on three, plus the soup. A full platter of broccoli beef, a vat of rice, and five or six crab puffs. It was hot, fresh, well-seasoned, and cheap. Those are the four food groups, right?The regular menu features stuff like flounder with yellow chives, roast duck, and clams with black bean sauce. I can't wait to come back with a crowd for dinner, but I'll call ahead to see if they're open.
4	David B. sums this place up very well but there are a few points that I would like to add.Everyone I know who has eaten here likes it. It is clearly a no-frills restaurant but what they do, they do very well and with large portions and low prices. I have now eaten their chicken & green beans and their flounder and they were both excellent.Definitely agree with David on the need to get their egg rolls...these are clearly not frozen.If you are looking for a place that caters to our low expectations of Americanized Cantonese style Chinese food, this place is hard to beat.
4	Any good Chinese restaurant will have 2 menus - the "americanized" one and the "authentic" one.  The owner of this place will give you the "American" one if she doesn't know you.  I can't comment on this menu since I have never ordered anything off of it.  Enter the "authentic" menu.  I have no idea what "Wahsun" means, but I think it should mean "the magic wok".  There is an exceptional smokey flavor to all of the dishes that are stir fried at this place.  I sometimes wonder if there is a  flavoring ingredient called special-smokey-flavored-wok-crack that just keeps me going back for more.  I experienced possibly the best lo mein outside of NYC which is quite phenomenal for this part of Phoenix.  It had a very authentic flavor, all dente, almost crisp egg noodles with the perfect mix of Chinese greens.   The walnut shrimp (w/mayo) was a dish I haven't seen in a few years and was done very very well.  We also ordered the steamed whole fish flounder which was just ok.  They can also put things together that are not on the menu.  On my first visit, I asked for chicken and chinese broccoli and they hooked it up.  Of note, this place is cash only.  Don't expect anything more than hole-in-the-wall decor -  fully clad with sticky lazy-susans which just makes me love this place even more!
4	Lain B. has got to be a douche by the way, who in the hell rates a restaurant 1 star because they were closed???!!!  F--- this guy, maybe there was an emergency or something reasonable for why they were closed, let alone, it's a family business so who cares.  What a clown.ANYWAAAAAY, sorry, that just pissed me off.  I'll keep it short since everybody else just pretty much hit the hammer right on the head of the nail.  My mom is in town and she was craving chinese food, soooo we yelped chinese food(cause I'm new to phoenix) and we skipped some shisty buffet chinese places and decided on this place.  We were really sketched out by the appearance of this place.  Pretty much some tables in a strip mall location.  We were really wondering what kind of place this was but we just kept saying that our fellow yelpers rated this place high, so we stayed.  The ambiance of the place...well...there isn't any ambiance.  BUT, we were absolutely confident in the food.  ANNNND, it was absolutely amazing, we weren't aware of the portion sizes for only 6.95 so we have food for the next week.  The food was so good and so much of it and way cheap.  To be honest, we won't go back to dine in cause it's just weird inside, it's so absolutely plain.  So this is our one and only place for chinese food for takeout moving forward, I'm not even going to try and eat at another chinese restaurant in PHX anymore this is our joint.  By the way, if they had some decorations and background music, they would have a 5 star from me.
4	I've been to the Wahsun with my wife several times.  The food is always good and the prices are wonderful.Between my wife and I, we've pretty much sampled the menu and found everything good.  I especially enjoy the barbeque duck but everything is good.The owner's wife, Rose, adds with her, friendliness and personality, to the dining experience as well.
1	I went to this restaurant after searching for a Thai food lunch spot during a weekend of school.  I went with three friends.First off, a child about seven greeted us at the door and then went running into the back room yelling for what I suppose was "adult" in her native tongue.  Second, we were seated and the server came to take our drink order.  My co-student said "lemonade" and she said "okay".  My other co-student said "lemonade" and the server began to talk in her native tongue as she walked away.The food was decent; however, not good enough to merit me ever going back.  We get to the end of our meal and ask for four checks.  The woman (who speaks English) looks at me like I have just caused her three days of extra work.  She says "no".  I say "we each have a card" and she said "no card for you." THEY DO NOT TAKE CREDIT CARDS AND THEY DO NOT HAVE THAT POSTED ANYWHERE ON THE WALL, THE MENU, OR INSIDE/OUTSIDE OF THE RESTAURANT.  And...we don't have cash (who does?).Then, to top it off...she wants my credit card number to write on the check.  WHAT FOR?I will never return and have begun boycotting at my school...local and has over 500 students.  Nice job, Washun.
5	As far as value goes, I've never seen a chinese restaurant that delivers half the value, whether in China or throughout the US.  Now, with that said, a bucket of pain, some linens, and some fake candles, and $50 spent in a china town on lanterns or some such, and this place would have 10x the charm.  I mean, it is really bad.  Worn floor, dirty walls, just okay tables, tightly packed, institutional lighting.  But the owner (head waitress/hostess) and her husband (head cook) whip up excellent food, in heaping quanities, for 1/2 the price they should charge.  It's usually at least 60% chinese patrons, ordering off a chinese menu that's extremely good if a bit more expensive.  If you are adventurous, ask for it and order a group menu.  I've had the chopped up dungeness crab, green beans in xo sauce, and 1/2 crispy duck many times... near perfection.  By the way, they produce like 1/2 the roasted ducks served in the whole valley... that says something when the other chinese restaurants come here for the food.  You'll see a constant stream of take-out.Honestly, for $6 a plate, you get a ton of food, whether lunch or dinner.  I'm a big guy, and can eat a whole pizza in a sitting but I'm rarely able to finish a plate of food here.  Unlike vritually ANY chinese restaurant, they use only pure white meat, premium chicken breast.  So their chicken entrees are outstanding, with tons of plump, lean meat.  Also, any entree with Shrimp is outstanding, as they pile it with giant shrimp (the $9-15/pound kind at the store).  The beef dishes are a lot less tasty by comparison, so I'd stick with duck, chicken, and seafood.Frankly, I feel guilty eating here with my family, and getting so much high-quality food, and payingso little.  I overtip, and encourage everyone to do so.  It's as if the owners really don't understand that their prices are too cheap.And she is just the nicest person around.  Go here for the food, ignore the ambience, and enjoy!
4	Wah Sun is one of my FAVORITE places to stop for fast FRESH  inexpensive Chinese food.  It is located in what was once a neighborhood with a good sized Asian population, and while one or two of the most popular places in the neighborhood have either disappeared or gone badly downhill, Wahsun thrives.Nothing at this restraunt is overprocessed or pre-readied.  Even the eggrolls have larger chunks and are made ready to cook when ordered.  The food is cooked in a very hot wok, giving it a delightful seared flavor.  Like many "old school" Chinese places, they have a regular menu, and a menu that is more geared toward diners who read something other than English.My favorite is their third menu.  Leave it in the hands of the chef.... I prefer their stirfry flounder with bok choy instead of celery, so it is made that way for me.  I like scallops with snow peas in a ginger sauce instead of garlic, and they are happy to prepare that.  When i walked in one day, Rose told me I HAD to try the crab because they were fresh that day.  I did.  I'm not sure how it was prepared, but I am certain it was not on the menu....  it was wonderful.  Another time, I was greeted by Rose with the words you like cauliflowers? Because today I make cauliflowers for you."  I have learned that no matter what it is, I should say yes.
5	Ever go somewhere and judge it the second you walk in the door? Usually, that first impression can make or break a restaurant. And if that first impression is weak, then it takes one effing amazing meal to change your opinion?Ladies and gentleman, tonight, I experienced that one effing amazing meal at Wahsun.Since I am moving here in a little over a week, I decided to come out early, and find a place to live. In the meantime, I had a hankering for some ethnic grub, so I did my Yelp-diligence and took a gamble on this place.The moment I walked in, I was a bit concerned. If you follow my twitter feed, you may have been alarmed. It's a small restaurant. No frills. VERY plain interior, with red table cloths.The walls are unpainted.  And it's a bit of a clustershuck.The dinner menu was simple and in "combo" style which means the price also includes rice, crab cream cheese wontons and soup.From the get-go, everything was solid. The corn eggdrop soup was FANTASTIC, and full of bold flavor. My taste buds felt like they hopped into a hot tub time machine and jetted back to a period in history where all food was amazing.Then came my food. Holy amazeballs Batman! The sauce, the shrimp, the awesome. Everything tasted great. It wasn't your cookie cutter "lobster sauce"....you know the stuff. Pale, lacks flavor? Ring a bell? This lobster sauce was legit, packed a punch, needed no soy sauce to salt it up. And after every bite, it left me wanting more.Couple quick tips:CASH ONLY.ASK FOR THE "OTHER MENU" just in case the "normal" menu isn't enough.DONT JUDGE this place from its appearance.If you want a pretty, swanky and pretentious place, then go somewhere else. This isn't for you.THIS is the place for someone who wants good chinese food, and wants to leave happy. They tend to close earlier than their posted times. I went in about 8:15pm and they were beginning to close (even though it says 10pm).The lovely woman that seems to run this place is very personable. Her name is Rose. This is a family run business, and you can tell by the way Rose conducts herself. It's great. She'll ask you where you are from and where you live. Be kind to her. She does a great job.How's that Phoenix? MY VERY FIRST REVIEW IN THIS TOWN AND ITS FIVE STARS!!!! WOOO! I FEEL LIKE KANYE STILL. HOW SICK IS THAT!!!!!????? DOOOOOPE!!
1	I'm not one to tear a place apart...  Sorry Wah Sun, you asked for it.Normally, walking into a place that has all tables and no counters, no "actual" menus, only takes cash, and is run by an angry Chinese woman armed with an adding machine is a good sign -- seriously.  I'm all about no-frills authentic.  So I had high hopes, especially eating here on a recommendation.Long story short, we kind of planned on getting stabbed by the worker for asking questions.  Don't ask what comes with anything, what kind of sauce, etc.  At Wah Sun, this should be common knowledge.Anyway, the food took forever, and the place smelled like it was about to burn down, or had already partially burned down recently.  They don't take cards, no big deal.  We got screamed at a few times and ran away with our food, hoping for the best and receiving the worst.All the food tasted like fish, and fish only.  Unfortunately none of us ordered fish.  Even the rice tasted like fish... not good sushi taste, but heated-up-in-the-sun fish juice from a dirty street fish taste.  Usually you can wash it down with an egg roll, but I think that's what they used to create that fire scene mentioned above.  It was like a black log.Four of us got take out, four of us did NOT order fish, four of us wanted to vomit, four of us did, and four of us would have had to call in sick the next day if we hadn't been off.Wah Sun?  Skip it.
4	Every time I come to Wahsun I'm glad I did.  The restaurant is small and plain.  The management takes only cash.  The food however, is very authentic and always excellent.  This is a mom and pop restaurant.  Pop cooks and Mom waits tables and cashiers.  Mom, also named Rose, is a very delightful woman who makes our meal almost as enjoyable as the food.  The cost is quite reasonable.  Roast duck for less than 8$?
4	The whole show is pretty much run by 1 woman, but the service never seems to suffer.  The food is solid, and very consistent.  I find that I am always coming back to this place.  The prices are very good, about 6-10 per dish/lunch combo.  It is a small scale operation so last time when I went with a friend that wanted potstickers, it was not available.  All in all, I'll still come back.  :)
4	I had my first Wahsun experience last night and I'm still drooling as I think about it!I could make a meal of the egg rolls alone - the best I've ever had and that's saying a lot... I've eaten my fair share of Chinese food over the years.  But of course we didn't stop at the egg rolls.  We had soup, potstickers, pork belly, lomein, shrimp, green beans, mushroom and bok choy, fried rice, and eggplant.  Don't worry - there were six total in our party and with Wahsun's large portions, there were plenty of leftovers, so it was a meal that will keep on giving!Service was decent, especially considering how many people were working.  I think it's just Rose (the owner), her husband, and her eleven year old daughter (who happens to seat your party, take orders sans pad, answer the phones, and handle beverages)... pretty impressive!Thanks to our friends Richard and David for introducing us to Wahsun... and for the amazing company last night.  It's definitely worth the 20 minute drive across the Valley, and I can't wait to do it again soon!PS - sorry to anyone that may go to Wahsun this week and attempt to use the bathroom.  I think my husband broke the toilet last night!
4	OK so, you know the drill, Hubs was hungry and I haven't gone grocery shopping in like two weeks. Give me a break my cat died and work has been hell. So. My husband is hungry, its Friday night, and I am a bad wife as there is nothing to eat aside from some Frito's and some 1 week old cupcakes from my sister in laws wedding in L.A. My go to Chinese place is closed for the month of October, shit, I tell him some of my Fav Yelpers have yelped about this place and it is minutes from our house. Off we go. As we park, I remind myself what others have yelped, don't let the appearance scare you off. We walk in and there is only one other couple in the place. A lady meets us at the door and tells us to sit wherever. We find ourselves at a table by the window. The table cloth is stained, the floors are beyond dirty. I keep chanting the food will be amazing. First up, the corn egg drop soup. I liked it a lot, it had a subtle pepper taste to it. Next up the Crab puffs with a dipping sauce that I wasn't totally sure what it was. Usually you get a sweet and sour sauce with crab puffs. The sauce they served was fruity, I thought it tasted like fruity pebbles. It was good whatever it was. Next out were the entrees. I played it safe and went with Orange Chicken, hubs went with Shrimp in Lobster sauce. We ate it ALL! Every thing was perfect! Lastly came the egg rolls. She had forgotten we had ordered them so we had to remind her. I was unaware that egg rolls even existed in that size! They were like mini burritos! HUGE! They were made fresh right on the spot and were stuffed to the gills with chicken, shrimp and all kinds of tasty veggies! If appearance matters to you, then this is not your place. If amazing, fresh, cheap, fast Chinese food is for you, then Wahsun is for you!
2	Had a takeout entree of Kung Pao Chicken and called back thinking they gave me the wrong order as all I got was chicken, bell peppers, and onions in gravy.   This was NOT Kung Pao.  I was told "We make ours differently."  Huh? Wish they told me this before I ordered.I'm worried about trying any other entrees especially since we usually go to a place that has awesome Chinese food.  I was hoping Wahsun worked out because it is closer to where we live.  I will say, though, that the egg rolls are to die for.  I've gone back several times and just ordered those.  They are large, made fresh, and stuffed with huge chunks of chicken, large shrimp, cabbage, and mushroom...yummm.
4	Located in a strip mall next to Hobby Bench.  Try their potstickers, gigantic egg rolls, roast duck, crab in onion and ginger sauce and green beans in XO sauce.  It's delicious yet affordable authentic chinese food and the service is stellar.
4	After an exhausting day neither I nor the DH had the energy to make dinner.  So we took a quick trip to Wahsun after reading good reviews here.  As many have said, the decor leaves something to be desired.  If you are looking for a restaurant with ambiance this is not the place for you.  However, if you are looking for good food its definitely worth stopping in for a meal - or grabbing take out.  We walked in to an empty restaurant, with the exception of one 2-top that was on the way out the door.   As we were interested in take out, we took a look at the menu- only a few vegetarian options.  When we inquired further, the woman there let us know that there were several other things they could make vegetarian including the egg rolls which they make from scratch.  So we ordered the egg rolls and two other vegetarian dishes with tofu.  Holy eggrolls batman!  They were so good - far from the typical skinny, nothing eggrolls normally served at chinese restaurants. - served with a lemony  dipping sauce.  These eggrolls were the real deal (and they threw in a couple extra to boot)!  The veggie dishes we got were tasty as well.  The portions were large and we could have just split one of the dishes.  We'll likely return to Wahsun again in the near future.
4	Wahsun has become a familiar haunt when it comes to authentic Chinese food.  A couple of tips:1.  cash only2.  don't expect fancy dragons on wall or other touristy things.  This is a place for eating some of the finest Chinese food you've eaten.3. don't be misled by the size.  My wife and I on Chinese New Years Eve ordered A soup and A main course.  My wife was especially hungry but it took both of us to eat just the soup for lunch.  Took the single portion of the main course (beef and bak choy on noodles) home and had it for dinner the next day.  It fed us both.Family is very nice and friendly.  Just love it.Dave
4	This has become part of our regular rotation.  Egg drop soup always hits the spot.  Portions are large, could easily be split between two people, especially since the soup and the crab puffs are included.  Love the sauce with the crab puffs.  Service is always good.  Food is very good, making it easy to look beyond the lackluster ambience.
4	So you walk into this restaurant and fear will wash over your face.  It is slightly unnerving to see no wall decorations and what they do have does not match.  I was wondering if we made the right decision.Once the food came out, I KNEW we made the best decision.  FIrst off the portions are enormous and second the food taste amazing.Fresh quality and perfect flavor combination.  Don't let looks be deceiving and give this place a try if you are craving some delicious chinese food
5	This is one of Phoenix's most prized hidden gems.  I have eaten chinese food in San Francisco's Chinatown and Boston's China Town.  I have actually had better chinese food here.   The place is no frills, but if you want a real value, and you like fresh, tasty chinese food for a great price, then come give Wahsun a try.  Rose is the best!
3	My friend and I end up here by driving around aimlessly after the we found the place we intended to go after the ball game was found to be closed on Sundays.  As we drove past the shopping center I remembered it was on my bookmarks list and managed to find it.The place had several kids roaming around, one who seated us and took the orders.  The owners seemed to know most of the customers.  Typical of many Asian restaurants, Asians get chopsticks and the rest of us have to ask for them.  I think I may have missed out on the really good stuff as I watched plates go by, we ordered off of the Americanized menu rather than the more extensive Chinese menu.  We both liked our food although I expected a little more kick from my Kung Pao chicken.  The portions were large enough we each took enough home for a lunch.Overall I think it is a good value and certainly worth going back to again if I was in the area.
5	Unlike some other Yelpers who expressed their reservations at the spare, communist-style decor, I immediately knew this to be a good sign.  Every great, modestly-priced Chinese restaurant I have been to in NYC and San Francisco had similarly sparse regard to "flair."  I found the dearth of tchotchkes and laquered dragons to be reassuring.  These people are about the food.Best chow fun I have ever had.  Rendolent with that slightly smoky wok-fired flavor, with rich bits of beef, chicken and shrimp.  The broccoli and bok choy were firm and tasty, and there were nice little pieces of fresh ginger.  Also deserving mention are the Mongolian chicken and the beef with grean beans, all with that special wok-seared flavor.  The roast duck was densely-flavored, crispy-skinned with a delicious fatty finish, just like duck should be.We got take-out, and were shocked by the sheer volume of the food.  Their portion sizes were generous enough to provide leftovers for two more days, and the owner threw in a giant container of egg rolls.  On it was written: "FREE! Thank you very much."  What a sweet, customer-loving touch!
5	I live less than a mile from food this good and I didn't know about it for 8 months until I looked up Chinese food on Yelp. I mourn for the lost time!In concurrence with other reviewers, I found the ambiance lacking (though the customer service is wonderful) and I have always taken the food to go.  Their won ton soup is a misnomer.  Freshly made mild not too salty chicken stock, plenty of won tons, shrimp, and bright green baby bok choy!! Who knew soup could be this good?  The container was HUGE and when my former SO was sick, it  was the only thing he wanted to eat (and he's a chef).I love the hand rolled egg rolls (2 were included for free on my first order and when I ordered them specifically there were like 8 of them and they're enormous), but I now ask them to skip the mushrooms because despite all the people who have tried to convince me otherwise, I just don't like any mushrooms (and yes I've tried them time and time again).  Lucky for me, they happily custom make them with whatever you want in them and nothing you don't. One more thing that's not assembly line made first then cooked later in bulk.Everything is well made and ~hand~ made. No shortcuts, no mixes, no substituting more salt or MSG for actual quality.  It's like finding Chinese food for the first time.  No more Americanized formulaic foodlike stuff with fake yellow rice and what-the-heck-makes-the-pork-that-color-red-anyway?  Nope - this is real home cooking. Think "like grandma would make." Now that's entering into the category of spiritual food experience as far as I'm concerned.I have never had Peking duck like this before - with the plum sauce?  at this price? Just wow!  Shrimp with lobster sauce - oh yes, and so much more! Seriously there was chicken in that bad boy too - bonus! Just a tad on the greasy side, the lo mein was still rather tasty, but high fat foods don't always sit well with me, so I took it easy on that one.For made-on-the-spot food, it tends to come out rather quickly. I have to say I was impressed with the speed - I've waited longer for lower quality Chinese takeout. I asked for a side of white rice and the container was like 2 quarts and I don't think they even charged me for it.Wahsun has definitely become a favorite of mine, and though when they choose to close early randomly, I'm sometimes disappointed, I live close by, so I can always come back another day.
1	Food ranged from ok to wonderful. Service was horrid. They place looked and felt dirty. We found hair in our food. The green tea was brewed in back and brought out. It was the color and temperature of lukewarm water without the flavor. Of the five of us not one plans on returning.
4	Do not come here expecting fancy table cloths and gleaming tables.  Much like my other go to Chinese Restaruants (Great Wall, the revamped South China and Nee House) this is a no frills Cantonese Style restaurant that has recipes and tastes best suited to my father's palate (in case you are wondering he is 70+ years old and from the mother-land).  i.e. What you get here is family style homey Cantonese cooking.  Lots of fresh vegetables and dishes that I grew up eating.  They do an excellent fried tofu.  The owners of this place use to own the revered Lucky's Chinese Restaurant which I have fond memories of from the early 90s.  They have family style dinners as well as regular menus you can order off of.  There is nothing overly priced on the menu and they even have harder to source dishes involving lamb and seafood.  I don't see live seafood tanks here, although I'm told that they are willing to cook seafood that you bring in yourself.  (A bonus for many Chinese folks who want a specific type of fish, but don't want to have to cook it themselves).  A solid place (I wish it were a smidge closer to Central Phoenix) and like all good restaurants, tucked in the corner of a non-descript strip mall.  True Cantonese cooking, i.e. this is not Northern Style or Sichuan style chinese cooking.  For those of you familiar with the different you'll know what I'm talking about.  They even have old school 80s pop music from Hong Kong playing the background.  Oh and the service is spotty.  Just like I remember....
4	I've been to this place a few times now.  The front of the house looks a little weird because they don't have a counter; just tables to eat at.  They take your money into the kitchen and come out with your change.  The staff are very friendly.  The only things I've ever ordered are the chow mein, fried rice, and egg rolls.  The menu is more of a traditional style Hong Kong menu.  Some of the items on the menu are not found in your typical Chinese food restaurant in America.  The few entrees I was comfortable ordering were delicious.  The rice was great, the chow mein was a little on the veggie side for my liking but still tasty, and the cream of the crop; the egg rolls.  These things are awesome!  They are the best egg rolls I've ever had.  They make these from scratch, which is why they take a while.  The only thing is that they only sell them in 4s for $6, so you should be ordering for a family or you better be hungry.  Sometimes I just order the egg rolls and make a meal out of them because there's four of them and these egg rolls don't reheat well.  If they sit for a while, they get soggy from the juice of the meats inside of them so you best eat them while they're hot.  Sadly no combos, more of a "take a few people with you and split the bill" type of place.  And another thing, "CASH ONLY".  Yeah, it kinda stinks, but some of the better places to eat are also cash only; one in particular is a seafood place that starts with the letter p!
5	Have been away from Phoenix for six months.  One of the first places we went to on our return was the Wahsun which we simply call Rose's because she is the owner/waitress.Food is still very inexpensive and the amount of food is impressive.  All the food that we've tried has been really good.Tip:  Food odors tend to drift a bit so take a table a bit away from the kitchen entrance.
4	I've dined here many times, and the food is outstanding. Best beef chow fun in the Valley, so far. I've been afraid to try the place lately - speedy service has never been this place's strong suit, and I suspect that a certain grubby local rag's (rhymes with Spew Slime) Best of Phoenix Award 2011 for in the Chinese Restaurant category, while well-earned, has made a not-good situation even worse. Still, once I judge that the excitement and interest generated by the award has died down, I'll be back. Be sure to ask for the 'Chinese' menu, if you've a taste for the less-mainstream. Check the schedule - IIRC the place is closed Thursdays. Their eggrolls are a must - large and succulent. Large portions and very reasonably priced.
5	Hands down the best Chinese food in Phoenix.  Always a great dining experience.  Wait is a little long but the food is cooked to order.  Rose is an amazing hostess.
2	I was all enthused after reading the great reviews on Yelp.  This place is run by a nice family and it is clean.  That being said,  this is not your top-notch chinese food.  If any Yelpers have been to NY or San Francisco, you know what amazing chinese food is.I ordered shrimp with lobster sauce which came with chicken because according to the waitress/owner, "we don't use msg so we use chicken for flavor". Good idea not to use msg but my shrimp dish should not have chicken in it because I didn't order a combo dish.  I also found chunks of whole garlic which I had to spit out.  Traditionally, shrimp with lobster sauce does not have ginger as a flavoring.  Lots of ginger which in most chinese dishes is great but not lobster sauce. My partner had orange chicken which consisted of large pieces chicken on a bed of duck sauce.  Did not see any evidence that orange peels were used as is traditional in this dish.  My partner thought the chicken had too much crust.  I tasted it and thought the  crust was fine.  Ordered pork potstickers (dumplings) and the dumpling dipping sauce was vinegary.  This is your average chinese place and I can't understand how in the world it could be Best of Phoenix?!  I am sorry I wasted the gas to get there.  Nice people, less than average food.  and service, well, there is one person for all the tables.
4	I have to admit the appearance of this place is a little off putting. I hadn't planned on going into this place at all. I was just at Bookmans stocking up on good reads when I smelled something delicious and persuaded my lil brother to go grab some grub. We took a corner seat and the waitress came over asked if we would like something to drink and hand us what at the time seemed like a very bleak menu.  Neither one of us saw our usually oriental favs on the menu, so we opted to just get and order of eggs rolls and head home for lunch. Let me just says when we finally got home and tried these amazingly tasty treats, we felt like idiots.  We're used to southern California and Las Vegas chinese restaurants, which we thought were the "real deal" and "the best." So wrong. Don't let the simplicity fool you like it did us, because this place is simply good.
5	While on a continuous search for good Chinese near my neighborhood. I saw this place on yelp and from the reviews decided to try some takeout. Reviews were spot on concerning the no frills atmosphere. If you want to eat in a stuffy brightly lit up space from lots of fluorescent lights then you will love eating here lol. However the food was awesome.. Got the shrimp in lobster sauce and orange chicken and it was great and huge portions. The egg drop soup was really good too. But those egg rolls were amazing!!  First off they are double the size of the usual egg rolls and filled with chicken, pork and shrimp and big chunks of onions.. Juicy and perfectly fried..they will definitely be added to anything I order from now on. Very cheap prices and big portions. I'm looking forward to ordering here again.  It's cash only and there's no ATM so go prepared.
5	Forget the ambiance - this place is all about the food. Very good food, lots of it and not expensive. Cash only.Home made egg rolls are wonderful, two would make a meal. The ingredients are fresh and the flavors great. One order can easily feed two or you can have leftovers for the next day.If they are busy you may have to wait a bit, each order is cooked one at a time. The wait is worth it. We like to take friends, sit at a large round table with a lazy susan in the middle and share all the dishes.
1	Went at 2pm on a Thursday and they were closed. Sign on the window says open daily 10am to 11pm.  Except 2pm on Thursdays apparently. By the way, if you happen to go and they are actually open, they accept cash only (as evidenced by their huge sign on the window). I don't think I'll be giving them another shot.
5	Yeah, it's got it's issues. I think anyone that knows me knows I'm a food addict. I will do some pretty embarrassing things for a good meal. Case in point.... The first time I attempted to try Wahsun was a Thursday. I went at 4 pm and it was closed. I forgot the exact hours listed on the sign in the window, but it definitely indicated they should have been open. Something akin to 11 am to 9 pm. So.. I did what any good food addict would do. I waited it out. I went to Bookman's and read books for an hour, thinking they must open by 5. Checking back, still closed, I went to Starbucks and read a book in the cold for an hour.. Checking back at 6, still closed. I was mad. Reading a New Times best of Phoenix review made me really want to try it tho. I decided to call the next day. They answered, and I ordered what the New Times review suggested - crab in onion ginger sauce and some egg rolls. I drove the six miles and got it, then brought it home.  OMG Becky. The egg rolls are mammoth. almost as big as a coke can. They are full of shrimp, pork, and chicken. There is a bit of ginger flavor inside as well. They weren't like anything I've ever tasted before. Intense and beyond delicious. Then the crab. OMG. The coating of ginger and onion sauce was indescribably good.  It activated some neanderthal like eating gene in me, I ate that crab for a good 30 minutes getting every morsel out of it. The sauce was salty and sweet, perfectly seasoned. It was truly amazing. I was so satiated. The next night I brought friends. The place is sparse as others have mentioned, but the tables do have a lazy susan, which we all took advantage of. We got the duck, crab (again), pot stickers, egg rolls, and walnut shrimp. I don't usually like pot stickers, but dang these were good. The duck is good - however it is gamy. I have ordered it for take out and it was too gamy for me to eat. The walnut shrimp is the best I've had in Phoenix, but didn't compare to the other entrees. On a subsequent visit (I think it was the day after) I also ordered sweet and sour pork, and it is divine. probably the best meal you can get in Phoenix for under $5. I really appreciate Wahsun being in the valley, which is why I'm giving them five stars. They do have issues with random opening time, and the duck being gamy, however I'm giving them 5 stars because that crab was the best I've ever had - and we're in a desert people.
5	The egg rolls have got to be the best in Phoenix, they set a new standard for me. Today I ordered food - Shrimp with Lobster Sauce, Sweet and Sour Pork, Crab Puffs, and Egg Rolls. The whole time I'm driving to pick up the food I'm thinking "I should have ordered Pot Stickers too..."When I get there, the lady is busy, I'm on my cell phone she's on the phone, we smile at each other, I hand her $25 bucks (the bill was $23) she smiles warmly, I leave. I don't think we even said anything. A perfect transaction. I open the box on top while driving home, it was labeled "Free THX!". Inside there were like 10 of their amazing pot stickers. These people not only know my soul, they cook for it!Whoever complained that there was chicken in their Shrimp with Lobster Sauce, yes, there was... but the shrimp were the best quality and cooked better than any shrimp I've had for less than say $15. They tasted fresh and perfectly cooked. - And this was $8. As I've said, the Sweet and Sour Pork is the best meal in Phoenix for under $5Crab Puffs needed more filling, but there was a ton - like 15, and they were quite good. This and Asian Cafe Express in Mesa are definitely the two best Chinese restaurants in Phoenix. For Egg Rolls? Wah Sun - No comparison. For Crab? Even though I brought in a live crab and had Asian Cafe Express cook it for me, the Crab in Ginger and Onion Sauce at Wah Sun was exponentially better.I'm all about the food. The service is like home here. I prefer it over the service say at PF Changs. Treat the lady like you would your Mom. To be honest tho, they could serve food this good with a catapult aimed at my open mouth, flinging food into my face and pointing and laughing at me while doing it and I'd still give them 5 stars. The food is that good.
4	This restaurant does not take credit cards! Bring cash!The food was good--I went with a coworkerfor lunch  and we got Beef and Broccoli and Kung Pao chicken. The lunch special is $5.95...Both dishes were huge, and came with rice, egg drop soup and wontons. We will definitely share next time, as we both left with full doggy bags. Service was fine, but we were glad they weren't busier because there was only one server working. She was quick and unobtrusive. I would order take-out here in a heartbeat, but there isn't much ambiance, so don't bring a date here if you're looking to impress.
5	Let me just add my voice to one those of you who love Wahsun.Yes, It's CASH ONLY...  Yes sometimes they are not open...  No it is not decorated fancy or romantic... The service can get slow at times. They sometimes run out of ingredients...  So how can I give this place 5 stars well, It's simply and absolutely the best Chinese food I have ever had!!!Everyone should have a friend like Rose, she greets me with a smile, by name, and asks how we are doing. If it is busy and we are eating in we get our drinks and wait patiently. It has become obvious that if we wait and watch, Rose will manage her tables so that she never gets overwhelmed, slowing the service to us until it is our turn and then presenting us with great food and together with good timing...  Once she was busy so I ran over to Sprouts as they has run out of ice and were slammed, so I bought them a bag of ice to get them through. We have seen on occasion when she is busy that a patron may get disgusted with the delay and walk off. This might make you crazy but the reward for staying is well worth it. Wahsun won awards for their egg rolls and great take out with several  "Best of Phoenix Awards" on the wall... The egg rolls are the best we have ever had, large hand & home made with whole shrimp, chicken and so much goodness well there is no comparison. The quantities are large and even the half duck somehow has two legs, I really need to see where they get four legged ducks.  Duck can be dry, or bland to the taste so how by what magic the duck can have such perfect flavor is a mystery.  The Shrimp in Lobster Sauce is exceptional, as is the House Special Chow Mein. The Chow Mein is served in large glass pie dish heaped with Noodles that have a nutty flavor,  Beef,  Chicken, and Shrimp abound in a sauce that is complete with Bok Choy, Cabbage and Celery.  All I can say is this is one fabulous dish and until I had it here, I was not a fan.Ok for the reviewers that say they put chicken in the shrimp with lobster sauce, it is true. As they seem to add chicken to most everything that comes with vegetables, just tell Rose I am sure she can accommodate you. For me it is simply amazing that the basic meals come with Egg Drop Soup, Crab Puffs, Rice (if the dish is not based on Noodles) and a serving that would generally consist of about 4 portions in any other restaurant I have been to.So to sum it up, Wahsun is all about the food.  I love it when I can spend my money supporting local business.  This is one business that I think of as family.
5	We tried this for the first time today (Hi Rose!) and I just want to say -- Yum! I could have stopped with the wonderful egg roll, but the food just kept coming. I am upset about one thing -- the Chinese next to my house will never be good enough after going to Wahsun. I wish I could go and stand in the kitchen while they are cooking just to learn some of the trade secrets. I am one happy customer and look forward to my next visit. As others have stated, bring CASH! -- and a smile, because I know you will leave with one.
2	I would LOVE to tell you that the shrimp with lobster sauce is out of this world! I would enjoy waxing poetic about the jumbo size of Wahsun's eggroll's! It would please me to no end to tell you about how sweet Rose is!But I can't.Why?Because they were closed at 6:35 pm on a Wednesday evening even thought their sign on the front window boasts "OPEN EVERYDAY 11:00 - 10:00'.This is the 2nd time that this has happened to me. The first time was a little over a week ago around 2:00 pm as I was leaving the Sprouts that's in the same strip mall, I glanced over at Wahsun, but they looked closed. Now, to their advantage...they ALWAYS look closed.I spent about 30 minutes the other night reading the 39 reviews here on Yelp about how incredible the food is and was impressed with the loyalty of established customers as well as the raves from the new/first time customers. I've thought about Wahsun ever since.I'm a massage therapist and after working on 7 people during my day I'm pretty hungry. I immediately drove to the restaurant...didn't stop at home...didn't run any errands...only to find the place and and no aromas wafting seductively from the building...unless you count the Pizza Hut a few doors down, but YUCK!I'm from New York and good Chinese food is difficult to find in Arizona...and I guess I still haven't found it. To say that I'm disappointed would be a gross understatement.So here I sit, in front of my laptop, eating a quesadilla from Pollo Loco and feeling completely unsatisfied.Will I give Wahsun one more chance? Yea...I will. And ONLY because of the rave reviews here. If they hadn't been so good I'd finally resign myself to Pei Wei.Better luck next time I guess!
2	Man...I cannot win for losing with this place!After my disappointment 9 days ago, I decided to give it another try.When I walked in there were 4 occupied tables and no clearly visible direction of where to go to order take out. But at the back of the restaurant there were two red tablecloth covered tables (and pretty filthy tableclothes, I might add) and there were 2 men standing to the right of one with a very harried looking asian lady running back and forth between asking diners if they needed to-go boxes, delivering food, taking orders, and making change. I asked the man in front of me what was going on? He grabbed a few xeroxed menu copies from one of the tables and handed them to me, explaining that he'd been standing there for awhile and hadn't yet ordered himself.Wow...When the waitress (could this possibly be the infamous Rose?) slowed down long enough we found out there would be an hour wait on all take out orders! I didn't want to wait an hour, that's for sure.She told me to take my menus and call ahead next time...then breathlessly muttered, "Happy New Year..."So...I will try again. This place had better be worth the wait or I'm just gonna go across the street to Chen Wok next time!
2	I stopped by for lunch today and ordered the house chow mein. When it arrived I was surprised how big it was for a lunch portion. It had chicken, veggies, beef, and a couple pieces of shrimp in it. The sauce was kind of bland and salty tasting. Overall the noodles and the experience was a 2 star.
1	Third times a charm...right?No.I took the day off from work today to get some errands done and at around 1:30 pm I found myself at Sprouts which is in the same strip mall as Wahsun, so I thought I'd give it a go...again. And I was once again let down. At lunchtime, on a Thursday, Wahsun was closed. At least this time there was a large CLOSED sign on the front window.I don't know how this place stays in business, I honestly don't. I wanted so badly to be able to come back here and write a stellar review, but inconsistency won out. A business should adhere to the business hours posted...or at least keep regular business hours. The food might be out of this world, but I'll never know.You lost my business Wahsun. Not that you ever gave me the chance to be your customer, but now I never will be.I can only warn folks to call first before you try to dine here. I only live a few blocks away, so it wasn't that big of a deal to be disappointed three times. But for those who may be drawn here by the good reviews...CALL FIRST and save your gas...just in case.
1	Ordered the duck. It was Ice cold in the middle when I got it. They came by and said they must have not microwaved it long enough.I'll pass.
1	This place should NOT even be open!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Where do I start.......Walked in & no customers in place. Sat down & noticed right away my plate was FILTHY!!!!!!!. Order a diet pepsi & it was served in can which was hot. Took a sip & it tasted FLAT & rotten. Looked at the expiration date & it had expired 2 weeks earlier. 2nd, HOW dare they call what they serve eggrolls!!!! They were big but that is due to BIG chucks of pork in there. they were NASTY!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also the fried wontons had NOTHING in them when they were suppose to have something in them.  While waiting for our food there was a HUGE BUG crawling on the table next to us. 3, the beef & broccoli was like SOUP & very salty!!!!!!4, after all these issues the other person I was with found hair in her orange chicken (GROSS) + her glass looked like it had NOT BEEN CLEANED in years!!!!!!!!!!!!. I would NEVER recommend this place & will be calling the dept of health to have this place checked out.
4	Wahsun has the unique distinction of most likely being the only Chinese restaurant in the Valley, which serves Chinese food.  Yes, you read right ... I'm not having a stroke:  this is REAL Chinese food as it's meant to be and not the slop most Americans think is Chinese food.  The restaurant has its flaws:  the young girl playing waitress is inefficient, sullen and spends more time listening to music than taking care of guests.  But she's a kid; where's the surprise.  The place is run by a husband / wife team and they are usually overwhelmed and can't handle the customers efficiently.  Sometimes, dad goes a bit overboard with the oil in the wok and customers need to open the door to the restaurant to let the smoke out.  And you might be waiting a while for dinner  (bring a book).  Oh and they don't take credit cards.  So, you might ask:  why the positive attitude?  Because all of that is outweighed by huge portions of real and tasty Chinese food as your imperialistic, colonizing  great grandparents had, when they forced westernization on China at the end of a gunship.  The Chinese eventually got back at us by ensuring that any and all emigrants to the U.S. couldn't cook to save their lives.  Somehow, they forgot to brainwash this couple.  Try the eggrolls, hot and sour soup and duck for an idea of what these dishes are supposed to taste like!  Be very careful of ordering portions like you're used to at other places:  they really do serve huge amounts for little money.  Your stomach will be happy; your wallet will do the Happy Dance.  Some reviewers have said, that the restaurant plays loose and easy with their hours and this is true.  They're supposed to be open till 8pm  (ahh, the joys of late night dining in a "major" city); but sometimes they'll stay open later ... sometimes not.  Be flexible!  I know, it's frustrating; but the food is worth it.  Come here and you'll never eat Chop Suey or Fried Rice ever again!Closed on Thursdays?  OK ... that's strange, I know.  But hey, look on the bright side:  they're open when everyone but chain restaurants are closed on Monday.
2	This food leaves an oily sheen on the plate; we just don't care for the flavors here.  Not the cleanest place in the world; the servers are harried and not real friendly, and the hours are unpredictable.
4	Great Chinese food, but there some item on the menu that they don't have at the time which is kinda disappointing. If you love rice my tip is to get an extra rice.
5	Let's talk about quality and freshness of food here, AND value, AND authenticity. Some of the best Chinese food to be found are in small mom and pop restaurants like this in cities like Honolulu, San Francisco, and Vancouver, BC. and restaurants like Wahsun are moving Phoenix and its residents out of culinary dullness and ignorance. I had the beef with green beans: a very heaping plate of thick, crunchy green beans mixed with ALOT of pieces of marinated beef, all flavorfully stir-fried with the trifecta of garlic, ginger, and onions and seasoned with black beans. So you say "Every Chinese restaurant does this" But I say "But not like this!" The food here is the real deal, it's up there with Honolulu and Vancouver!
3	We stopped in here the other day for lunch.  At first glance, I was a little concerned because the place was a mess.  Grease stains on the table cloths, plates stacked up on tables.  Found out later they had just been hit with their lunch time rush, and only one person works the front of house.  I ordered the kung pao beef at the request of the waitress, and for $5.95 it did not disappoint.  The meat was tender, and it was very fresh.  It was not the typical kung pao, they used jalapeno's instead of the red chili's I am used to having, but the flavor was still good.  It came with a bowl of egg drop soup and fried crab puffs.  I'm not a fan of sweet and sour, but the sauce the served with the puffs was pretty tasty.This is definitely not a fancy place, but they seem to get the important things done right.  There seems to be a good group of regulars that frequent this establishment, which must mean they are doing something right.  If I make that way again, I do want to try their egg rolls, they were huge, and I have a feeling they are made on sight.  Why 3 vs. 4 stars?  I struggled to get past the mess when we arrived which made me want to walk out.  Based just on the food I would give it 4, but had to take away a star.
5	This place nestled in near a Sprouts shopping center is probably one of the most authentic Cantonese food restaurants out here in Phoenix.  Outstanding food and not too salty.Try the dumpling vegetable soup to start. Use the bowl to eat your main dishes and rice. Try these 3 plates: beef and chicken tofu, Peking duck, and walnut shrimp.  Delicious and definitely not expensive for each plate and serves maybe 4 or 5.  Cash only so be prepared.  You do not need a reservation. Are you kidding? The service is very friendly but understaffed.
5	I've been to this place many times since this original review and it has been consistently awesome every time..the woman that brings out your food(I think she's the owner) is always super nice and often throws a free order of potstickers...and those eggrolls are EPIC!
5	Been coming here for years. Best Chinese food in AZ. Egg rolls are totally home made and filled with real ingredients. Lunch specials are huge and perfectly prepared. My wife and I had roast pork and Chinese vegetables and house chow mein and brought home more than half of each dish. Total family affair...Rose is the best.
5	Our first time here, my wife went and picked up take-out. Wow, was I surprised at how good the food was and how ample the portions. The egg-rolls are like nothing I  have ever had before with big slices of chicken breast mushrooms, cabbage and who knows what else. We shared Mongolian chicken, Stir-fried Flounder filet and Assorted Vegetables (all which come with steamed rice as a combo for $7.95 each). Neither my wife, son, nor I could find fault with anything. Their sweet n sour sauce is not that red chemical reaction you get at most places, but a clear yellowish colored dream of a concoction. If your looking for a no-frills, inexpensive restaurant with great food, look no further. (see photos)
5	Forget the first appearances, the lack of beer/wine,  and the cash only policy.   This is by far the best and most authentic Chinese cooking in Southern Arizona, probably in the entire state.  Not to be missed.
4	Best chinese food ever! My only complaint is their unpredictable hours.  Closed for dinner on random days. Great food. Just call ahead to see if they're open.
2	First impressions are everything, unfortunately this place was dirty and I honestly was afraid to eat there. My friend wanted Chinese and I agreed, but will never come back. The cup was dirty, the plate was dirty, and so I ordered the chicken curry to try and avoid getting sick. The chicken was rubbery and the potatoes were not cooked. Worst Chinese food experience I have ever had in Phoenix. The reviews scare me with what you people put in your mouth and body normally. Never again!
4	Wahsun is some dang good Chinese mang. I agree with the other reviewers, these are the best eggrolls I have ever had. They alone could make a meal, I think they are about a half pound each and full of white meat chicken. I also tried the noodles and the beef broccoli, all of it was delicious. The prices were super cheap for the hefty portions they provide. We ordered to go and were happily surprised when we got home and saw a few free eggrolls thrown in with our order. Don't judge this place by the interior, it is not a fancy joint but the home made food is solid. Tips:BRING CASH - no cards acceptedCALL BEFORE - it took me 3 separate times of calling this place to see that they were closed. They don't stick to the hours posted and they don't have an answering machine. If no one answers when you call assume they are closed.
1	Today was our third time trying to go here for lunch.  All three times it has been closed   Sign on the door says open daily.
3	Great little family owned spot, I had the ginormous eggrolls, fried rice and beef with broccoli. My rice was pretty greasy and my beef was just OK, the eggrolls were a meal in itself, maybe it was an of night when I went but everything was just "OK", I may give them another shot on another night.......IF they're actually open for business.
5	This is by far the best Chinese food we have ever had! My wife and I tried almost every Chinese restaurant in the bay area when we lived in San Francisco, and nothing is close to Wahsun. The sign on the door says they are closed for remodeling. I'm ready to bring my tools and help get it finished so I can eat some more of their fabulous food! Hurry up and reopen, Rose! We miss you!
