5	I love this Korean spa!  I have been to every korean spa in L.A. and Orange county and every one of them has something the other doesn't.  I'm happy to say that this one has them all!  Very clean.  Has a salt room where you can give yourself a salt scrub.  Herbal steam room.  Dry sauna.  A co-ed section with two heated red clay rooms(one where you lay on top of heated balls of clay, and the other you lay inside your own personal red clay dome.  Heated Jade floors.  Relaxation rooms.  And a korean cafe!...that's alot of goodies for $25 bucks($20 if your local).  Just remember to SHOWER before entering spas and after sweating in the steam rooms! Leave your modesty at the door(no suites) and don't forget to try a korean scrub for $40!  Your skin will thank you!
5	The only Korean spa in Las Vegas!  I've been to tons of Korean spa's in L.A. and this one has it all!  Its called Imperial Health spa.  $25 bucks to spend the day (locals $20), co-ed area, red clay rooms, heated Jade floors, Salt rooms and of course the $40 Korean scrub!  Its super clean and open 24 hours a day!  Not sure if you can sleep overnight as you can in other  korean spas I have been to, but worth asking about.  I went there on Sunday and was surprised at how mellow it was.  It just opened 4 months ago so that might explain it.  If your new to the korean spa ritual just remember to shower before entering the water and after you sweat in the steam/sauna rooms, it's all nude(except in the co-ed area).  The girl at the front desk speaks english so you can tell her its your first time and she will help you.  One things for sure, you will leave there squeeky clean and soooo relaxed!
5	I actually love being slapped around like a baby seal by a woman who barely speaks English. Honestly. I find it to be soothing, relaxing, and detoxing.
5	This place is so amazing it has got me to yelp again. it reminded me of japanese onsen, except this is in vegas owned by koreans. They provide you with clothes to wear for the co-ed sauna area and 3 towels. This is especially awesome for cold winter days when you have nothing to do. Seriously, you can spend a whole day here. My favorite was the red clay ball sauna. It a room full of human size "litter boxes" full of these red clay balls. You lay on it, and it's like giving yourself your own massage. I definitely took a nap here. I recommend this place. I don't want them to close so everyone should go and experience a full day of relaxation. It's only $20 for locals for admission. totally worth every cent.
3	The facilities seem somewhat small. I've been to spa castle in new york, and comparing it to that is somewhat unfair. on to the actual review... the counter girls are somewhat friendly if you come at the right time. They need to change the pamphlet because it is misleading saying that they have an ICE ROOM, but at which they do not.  The times that i have been there it wasn't busy at all which was sort of disappointing. The big plus they have for me is there theater room...they have a good selection of films to view, but i wonder if you can bring your own.  The food is one of the greater points of the spa. Cheap as far as Korean food does go, and worth every bit of it. at the very most i would return just to relieve some tension from what ever is stressing me. and i could recommend this spa because its cheap for the service they do provide.
1	This ain't a spa!!! It's a korean BATH house... Do NOT let the photos fool you like it fooled us!!! So we were looking for a spa off the strip and stumbled onto this one based on the photos and yelp reviews... Little did we know that we were about to enter a bath house... and that wasn't even the worst part...We walked in and were each given a pink t-shirt which felt hard and rough against skin (not the fluffy robes i was envisioning) and a pair of shorts that were one size fits all...Next was the locker room - it was in this open space with the lockers, showers, the bathroom, the naked scrubbing stations and everything else in the OPEN... there were naked women walking and dripping everywhere... Then comes the masseuses... while we had called ahead and requested girls - mine was this middle aged, malnourished, jaundiced, creepy asian male who wore almost a wife beater... I also saw him poke his head out of the back door to throw out a cigarette butt while we were parking... let's just say that - THERE WAS NO WAY IN HELL I WAS EVER GOING TO LET THIS GUY TOUCH ME ANYWHERE... So i demanded for my money back and decided just to pay for the day use fee...While waiting for my friends to get done (those who were lucky enough to get girl masseuses), my other friend (who also refused to be touched by another creepy male masseuse) and I had many adventures...1) saw people getting scrubbed down and marinated butt naked in the open like tenderizing a piece of meat2) naked women squatting in a row doing their washing and scrubbing their faces3) creepy men roaming up stairs in the lounge area in wife beaters sleeping everywhere4) learning that men often come looking for "additional services" vegas style5) women squatting on the toilet doing #2 and NOT closing the door plus other things I probably shouldn't mention here on yelp This whole place felt like a cheap and dirty bathhouse/brothel... it's open 24hrs and only costs $25 and you can stay all day or all night with plenty of spots where you could be doing the dirty business... I have nothing against bath-houses but it just ain't right to misrepresent it  as a spa... I learned my lesson and next time, I'll definitely be sticking to the strip when I need a massage in vegas...
3	Wow, probably the best Korean spa I've been to...I haven't been to too many though..I've only gone to a few in LA...but the place was really clean and it was fairly large. Not as large as I imagined it was going to be...but large enough, I guess. There were plush lounge chairs and TVs in the common area. And, yes, all Korean shows. But  you can watch American movies in the theater. You get to choose a movie from their selection. Only thing is if someone else gets there first, you're stuck watching whatever they're watching. Food is VERY overpriced. But I guess it's expected at a spa. I like the fact that it has a cardio room. So I ran first, then relaxed in the different sauna rooms and then took a shower and went back to the strip.Their website is misleading though. There was no ice room, or half dunk tub or whatever. All they had was two red clay rooms and a salt sauna in the common area, and the usual steam room and dry room downstairs, in the tub and shower area. Cool place...don't know how long it'll last though. It was empty when I went last Friday...
1	I read the reviews on here with much excitement. I scheduled my appointment for May 11 weeks ago. I called to confirm last week. On Monday we had difficulty with traffic but just managed to get to the spa on time. When I walked in I was told "oh sorry, the masseuse decided to take the day off". No offers to reschedule or anything. And the "appology" wasn't sincere. The guy at the desk said he had called me but I didn't have a missed call on my cell. It really  put a damper on my vacation and I would never consider going there again.
4	I love Korean spas and this one proved to me to be one that I will keep coming back to! I really enjoyed my scrub/massage. The gal giving it to me was very good. I did not feel like I was rushed through it. I was a little disappointed that there were only 2 hot tubs and 1 cold tub to soak in. The hot tubs were a bit too hot for me so I had to keep plunging in the cold tub to cool off. I'm used to Korean spas that have 6 pools of all varying temperatures plus mug wart rinsing stations etc. was pleasantly surprised with the herbal sauna. I think that was my favorite. I ate in their tiny restaurant. Had marinated beef. it was kind of like bulgogi. It was okay, not the best but then i wasn't expecting it to be the best. The spa was pretty much empty, about 7 women came through while I was there, all Korean (which I think is a great sign) Upstairs in the coed section there were 4 men (all Korean) All in all I had a fabulous day and will be going back. I am so glad i am local and its not too far from my home. I definitely recommend this place it is a jewel in the desert!
5	I enjoy Asian or Russian bath houses with spas and have been to many.Imperial Spa is one of the best, although most people don't know about it. I hope word gets out because it deserves to stay in business.Yes, there's lots of nudity but that's just natural. It's not sexual and the other reviewers who make it sound so negative, just don't know how to relax and be at peace.I've had several massages there and all were great. The ones done by "Chong" were incredible.The spa is upscale and spotless. Sure there are lovely places on the Strip but locals can enjoy the Imperial for a mere $20 ($30 for tourists).My only suggestions for improved service? It's okay to have every television tuned in to Korean TV but put the "closed captions" to English for the rest of us.
5	This place is FAB---U---LOUS!!!Please let's get the record straight though for folks who haven't been to a Korean Bathhouse, the name of this place is deceiving.  While they do have Spa services (massages, facials etc) , this is really a jjimjilbang.  A Korean BATHHOUSE.  Please do not ding this place because it's not as luxurious and attentive like an expensive spa on the Vegas strip.  It's not meant to be.=======================Here is the wikipedia description of  a Jjimjilbang: Jjimjilbang () are large, gender-segregated public bathhouses in Korea, complete with hot tubs, showers, Finnish-style saunas, and massage tables, similar to what you may find in a Korean sauna or mogyoktang. However, in other areas of the building or on other floors there are unisex areas, usually with a snack bar, ondol-heated floor for lounging and sleeping, wide-screen TVs, PC bang, noraebang, and sleeping quarters with either bunk beds or sleeping mats.Most jjimjilbangs are open 24 hours and are a popular weekend getaway for Korean families to relax and spend time soaking in tubs or lounging and sleeping, while the kids play away on the PCs.  ==================Now I've been on a quest to visit as many of these as I can, as I find it very relaxing to lounge around in a warm dry sauna reading, listening to my ipod with Korean food waiting for me whenever I desire.  Being from the Bay Area, we have very few Korean Bathhouses, so when I just want to relax, I go with one of my daughters whenever we get a lazy day to relax. This spa is founded by the same owners who developed the Imperial spa in San Francisco, however, this place is so much more grand.  The pictures posted on yelp are accurate, dark flooring, leather seating throughout, unique dry saunas and clean ,clean, clean!My experience: First floor, you walk in, put your shoes in a shoe locker and proceed to the well appointed locker rooms.  There, you have access to the 3 baths,  Warm, Hot and Cold.  (the HOT tub was extremely hot).  I quickly took a shower and hopped between the hot and cold tub to get my blood going..then noticed that they had two separate steam rooms: Herbal steam room and a Salt Steam room... very nice, because  they kept a big tub of sea salt out where you could take as much as you need to exfoliate in the Salt room...  Oh and by the way,  I was very thankful because everyone (only approx 4 other ladies in the whole facility at the time) was very cognitive about the "rules".. everyone showered before entering and re-entering the spas/saunas or dry rooms.. Also on the women's floor which I did not use was a very large "SALT" Dry sauna room, and Dry Cedar room.. I also had an excellent Korean body scrub, in their individual wet rooms.  Woman was very friendly and not at all hounding me for a tip.. for that I tipped her well..2nd floor (the unisex floor) :2 large rooms with Leather "lazy boys" to individually watch the big screen.  Various Dry Sauna rooms: Clay , Clay ball, Jade etc.. all very large and expansive.. They had a theatre room.. and a separate work out room and Skin services (facials) room.. Oh and of course the Cafe..  My husband and I enjoyed a pretty good korean meal of ramen and egg omeletts.  (approx $8/person) and a pretty good tropical smoothie.My only regret is we allocated only 3 hours there.. we could have been there for at least 4-5 ..
4	This is not your ordinary spa. This is a Korean Bath house. If you are uncomfortable being naked around other people of the same sex, this may not be for you. They have separate male and female areas for the bathing, scrubbing,steaming, and sauna. There are also areas where males and females can enjoy hot rooms together in uniforms the "spa" provides.If you have been to Spa Castle in Queens NYC this is like that on a smaller scale.Great place to come and spend a few hours pampering yourself and your skin.  They have many massage services etc...but come for the steam and the baths and the scrub.(read other reviews to get a better idea of the place overall- its really almost like traveling out of this country for a few hours).
4	This is my first experience at a Korean bath house or any asian bath house but it was fantastic! I love how it's open 24 hours and if you buy a massage or package, the spa entry fee is included. The staff was extra friendly considering how we had to ask a million questions to get around the place. The food reminded me of a Korean cafeteria style since it's self service and the lady who took our order didn't really understand English all that well. Word of advice: avoid the strawberry juice. It was pretty tart for my taste. We went on a Tuesday morning/afternoon so there were only a handful of people there. It may be best to go during the weekday. We were able to lounge out in the movie theater room and take a nap before our flight took off. Overall, kudos to this place. I'll definitely be back.
5	I first found out about the Korean Bath Houses through a magazine article and about the Korean scrub they will do there. I forget what it's called. A nice older Korean woman will literally scrub/scrape off the first layer of dead skin; which sounds gross, but afterwards, your skin is as soft and pink; as a baby's bottom--but everywhere! (Don't read into that). OMGosh! Sign me up!!  This place did not disappoint. But it's not a "spa" in the American way of thinking. It's a bathouse--very different. So research before you go--- After my scrubbing, she massaged my skin with oil, and a cool yogurt cream, and finally washed my hair. Good gosh. Best 3 hours, I've spent in a while. Check out the co-ed areas...where you can rest and take a nap if you feel like it. Best part---It is very very clean!! Cost about $100 bucks and then $20 for tip. I'll def be back.
5	Going here was one of the best things I have ever done for myself!  The best massage I've had in my life.  (From Johnny)  It's beautiful, immaculately clean, great staff and an opportunity to try so many types of saunas and steam rooms for a very reasonable price.  Do not be intimidated if your new to the spa thing.  Definitely check out the upstairs.  A great place to go by yourself or with a group.  I've been 3 times in a month and still haven't tried everything.  The salt steam room will make your skin feel like a baby.  You want to try to go for at least 2 hours to get your moneys worth, but it's the best deal in town and a great way to start out the New Year:)
4	- EXCEPTIONALLY CLEAN- Great construction throughout building (especially saunas)- Great way to relax- Mediocre massages- Ethnically non-diverse- LOTS OF NAKEDNESS My girlfriend and I wanted to destress a bit on our recent visit to Vegas.  Normally, we don't have a car while there, but given the last-minute status of our trip, we ended up driving in from San Diego.After researching the prices at many of the spas at big strip hotels, being the cheap ass I am, I preferred to drive off the strip a bit and pay 50% less for more services.  We arrived at Imperial Heath Spa without an appointment, and were able to book a couple of hot stone massages for about 3 hours from our arrival.  This was perfect timing, allowing us to spend several hours soaking, showering, sauna'ing, and generally relaxing.  Make no mistake:  when you walk into the gender-segregated locker rooms, you'll be immediately accosted by a WHOLE LOTTA NAKEDNESS.  And there's a good reason I use the word nakedness as opposed to nudity.  1. Nudity seems too soft and appealing2. Nudity insinuates being stationary3. Nudity reminds me of good times in my lifeNAKEDNESS, on the other hand, is all about being butt-ass naked while doing other things.  And that's what goes on here...a bunch of naked dudes walking around naked while doing any number of things:  grooming, showering, watching Korean soap operas, doing body scrubbing with salts, hot tubbing and much more.  So if you're sensitive to this type of commando-style productivity, you might opt out of this spa.There aren't many bad things I could say about the facility itself:- Its immaculately clean in almost every area.  - The showers are very well kept (though they allow for ZERO privacy and are spaced very close together).  - The hot-tubs are clean and don't smell of over-chlorination (the hot tub is probably 115 degrees, the cold tub is probably 60 degrees).- The saunas are AWESOME.  The dry salt-sauna was my favorite of the bunch, as the walls are built completely out of salt bricks.  The Jade sauna upstairs was my second favorite for its hot floors and size.  The clay ball room was less cool than I expected, mostly due to 2 loud Korean children making it a playroom.We decided to grab a small snack from the restaurant upstairs before our massage.  We ordered the tofu-soup (for $10!), and hoped for just a reasonably sized portion to split.  What came out was a magnificent cornucopia of foods to dip into the soup (or so we assumed).  The soup was excellent, as were all the sized, the rice, and everything about the snack.  $10 was absolutely a DEAL for the quality of the food received, and it fed 2 of us decently well.  Very clean, hearty food!The hot-stone massage I received wasn't nearly as good as I hoped it would be.  The older Asian lady that gave me the massage lacked any semblance of tenderness, and turned a seemingly tranquil experience into a what felt like a worn out wooden rollercoaster ride.  The first stones she attempted to place in my hands were so hot that I had to drop them (and they left a welt on my hand for 24 hours).  Luckily, she understood what it meant when I tossed the stones and used cooler stones from then on.  Nothing else seems during the massage sticks out except the end, which I almost looked forward to.The biggest negative of the entire experience, though, was the herd of unruly, seemingly undisciplined children on the co-ed second floor.  They went in and out of many of the sauna rooms, leaving doors open, loudly eating food and chatting without restriction.  My overall takeaway from this Spa was very VERY positive.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm 95% sure I'll visit this place again for some relaxation.
5	Far exceeded my expectations for the price and a wonderful experience that I would easily recommend if you want to enjoy 5 hours for the locals price of $20 for a spa.  There are 3 sauna rooms upstairs, including a movie theatre that are co-ed if you miss your significant other or opposite sex friend.  The spicy ramen soup which included kimchi for $10 was a bargain.  You may want to bring a book or magazine, unless you want to watch subtitled Korean soaps.  You don't need to bring anything because towel, clothes, and robe are provided
5	Needless to say, but this place is amazing and I love it!  Must go and enjoy the experience for yourself!!
4	Mah-ni jo-ah hey-o! This place is awesome. Immaculately clean, with good towel/robe service. The rooms are well-lit and well-maintained. Salt scrubs, jade sauna, and clay ball therapy are some of the features. I love to relax in a warm room with soothing herbal smells all around me. My roommate and I always book the scrub, which is a cross between torture and a massage, and essentially rubs an entire layer of skin off of your body. The masseuse scrubs, kneads, and pounds every inch of your body. But: soft smooth baby-seal-like skin remains. Afterwards, we have lunch at one of the little Korean restaurants across the street, which we prefer to the in-house cafe. Nothing like some jjam-ppong to finish off the day!
4	I loved the Labelle treatment! Joanne was wonderful! My skin feels new again! I liked that the scrub was done in a private room. I've been to Korean spas where the scrub is done in a common room with no privacy. If you don't mind walking around in your birthday suit, you'll enjoy it. I wore a towel as I moved about, because I don't have the body that I used to have decades ago.My only complaint would be that I had to look for my attendant 5 minutes after my appointment was scheduled to start, and that they do not provide robe and slippers. The short set they gave me was too tight.
5	I love this spa! This spa is my hideaway in vegas and it's CLEAN.You can spend hours in here,but be careful not to get sucked into the Korean soaps or you'll stay there all day.
5	WOW!! I have never been to a spa before, but this was so relaxing! I was in seventh heaven. I got a sports massage, then a foot massage. then I went to the clay room, where you get to lay down on some hot little balls of clay there are also sauna rooms dry and wet, plus whirlpools a gym room, and more a great experience overall. clean and professional. better than paying a fortune at the hotel spas.
5	The most fabulous spa experience ever!  The bath house is clean, clean, clean!  One of the Korean patrons even reminded me to remove my shoes upon entering the dressing room (separate men and women dressing rooms).  After putting my clothes in a decent sized, locking locker and donning the provided shorts and shirt, my husband and I explored the various saunas in the co-ed area.  Found the clay ball sauna interesting but liked the clay sauna best.  This was our first visit and we weren't really sure what to do, but hung out in the saunas till we were sweaty then parted ways and went to the separate mens and womens wet areas.  The whirlpool was a little cool for my taste, but the steam room was plenty warm.  After a shower, I went for my salt scrub/massage.  THE MOST AMAZING TREATMENT I'VE EVER HAD and I am a spa junkie so I've had several.  My therapist, Emily, was the most kind and courteous ever.  This is not a traditional western scrub and massage.  You may think you've had a scrub, but you haven't experienced a real scrub until you've tried a Korean salt scrub.  She even scrubbed behind my ears!  At first I was a little unsure but the scrub turned out to be fabulous and my skin is still soft and smooth 6 days later!  After a quick shower, I returned to the table and Emily proceeded to use oil to both hydrate my new skin and provide a wonderful deep tissue massage.  Finally, she washed and conditioned my hair.  I loved the process so much, I have already located a Korean Bath House close to home in Dallas so I can partake regularly and keep the baby soft skin I have today.  Put aside your western inhibitions and give yourself the treatment of a lifetime.  You won't regret it!
4	I have heard a lot of great things about Korean body scrubs for awhile, so based on Yelp reviews, I decided to try Imperial. Following the instructions I was given when I made my reservation, I arrived about 30 minutes early. I was handed a couple of towels a t-shirt, and shorts, but even after telling them that this was my first visit, I was not given much direction as to what I should do while waiting for the appointment with my masseuse. I would recommend that they give us newbies a quick tour of the facilities and some basic instructions. As is, I wandered around, wondering how to utilize many of the facilities (Clay Ball Sauna? WTF is that?). It is certainly true that you have to be comfortable with nudity to hang out here. Two things I would definitely recommend bringing with you: shower shoes and a swimsuit. This place is lousy with mirrors, and I don't particularly care to look at naked middle-aged women, including myself. There are no changing rooms, and the showers aren't curtained off. However, they do have a big mirror under every shower head. As I sat in the "warm" tub (they have 3 whirlpools, hot, warm, and cold), I saw a rather chunky. middle-aged Asian lady changing from street clothes into a lacy black bra and panties. Moments later, I heard her call, "Stacey? Stacey?" and I realized that she was my masseuse and the "sexy" bra and panties was apparently her uniform. Marketing note to owners: Putting the mom-shaped masseuse into lingerie does not enhance the experience for most of us ladies. I had prepared myself for the "torture" that I had heard was involved in the body scrub, and it actually wasn't bad. The masseuse donned a couple of mitts that looked like those Scotch-brite pads one uses to clean pots, and scrubbed everywhere. It was a little rough, but not really painful. And effective, I might add. I opened my eyes at one point and saw what appeared to be hundreds of gray lint balls on the massage table, and then realized "Eeeww! That's my skin!" Afterwords, I had a "Swedish" massage with oil, and I have to say, my skin has not been this soft and smooth in years. It was definitely worth the price, and I intend to return.
4	coming  from Los Angeles where I have over 15 Korean spas to choose from I have to say that this is one of the better ones that I have gone to. Imperial has a theater and internet room and cafe. If you have a laptop the receptionist would punch in the code for you. In the woman's facility there was a bucket of sea salt that i could of added to my supplies (if i brought any).  . I paid the menu price 90 for a scrub massage combo. a two hour service.note you have to go through a drive way to get to it. if it wasn't for the billboard directing me to the place i would of gotten lost.
4	Finally got to check this place out and I can say that I'm upset that I haven't  gone here years ago! Oh... those brutal days of skiing and hiking - I'd definitely feel much better after if I went to this place :)Anyways... it was Tuesday night and there were only like 3-4 guys in there. + Place is clean and well maintained.+ Towels, robes and even razors, toothbrushes provided+ Red clay ball room is great. Just bury yourself in rocks :)+ There's a small gym, movie room and even cafe upstairs.Bottom line: it may end up on my weekly list of things to do
5	I was going to this place for one thing alone, the body scrub. I had had them growing up and was in deperate need of one. What i did not realize was that I would get over an hour of pampering, massage, mask. etc.  The place is not plush, but is clean, efficient and has superb service. I will be back regularly.
4	The other day my boyfriend asks me, "What are you going to do today?" (It was my day off and my daughter is on vacation) I replied, "I dunno.  Stuck between some European lady giving me a facial and a middle-aged Korean woman scrubbing the top 5 layers of my skin off."I decided to go with the Korean woman and Imperial Health Spa.  Imperial is tucked away in a less than ritzy part of Las Vegas on Sahara East of the Strip.  Keep an eye out for the signs or you might miss it.I had come here on recommendation from a couple sets of friends (some local and some tourists that found this place on Yelp.)  They are open 24 hours if you just want to use the saunas and what not for $20 admission (I honestly am not sure how the overnight admission works)I came here specifically for a Body Scrub & Massage ($90) and was kind of disappointed to find out (after I had been there for 5 hours) that for $5 more I could have "upgraded" to a salt scrub or some kind of fruit scrub.  Oh well... now I know for next time.You kind of have to do a little reading to figure this place out so that you don't walk in there expecting one thing and getting another.What to expect:-Clean facilities.-Korean tv blasting EVERYWHERE-Tough love type of massage (the kind that hurts good)-Husky Korean lady in lacey bra and panty set (that would be your scrub technician/masseuse, Joanne)-Nudity. Lots of it.Cool Perks:-Theater room-Juice bar and Restaurant (I really liked the food, and the fact that I could take my leftovers to go... That spicy tofu soup made an awesome midnight snack... Prices rance between $7 and $15 but portions are pretty big for 1 person)-Exercise room (even though the treadmills were out of comission)The Saunas were different and although I read the descriptions of each of them I still didn't really feel any difference between them. (Salt Sauna, Jade Sauna, Red Clay Sauna, Red Clay Ball Sauna, Cedar Sauna).  I kind of felt bad in the Red Clay Ball Sauna because some lady was snoring away and I kind of accidentally spilled a bunch of the teeny tiny clay balls on the tile floor as I was trying to get out of my Clay Ball Bed.There were 2 steam rooms: a Salt one (awesome...bucket of salt you could use to exfoliate... and for some reason a lot hotter than the other steam room) and an Herbal one, which didnt smell too herby.I liked the 3 tubs Hot, Warm and super icy Cold.  Something refreshing about stepping from a hot tub to totally submerging yourself in an icy cold bath.Bottom Line:Prepare well for your trip to Imperial.  Enjoy a few hours (I did 5 and a half... could have easily stayed longer).  Bring gym shoes (if you want) and some reading material. Try the food.  Get a scrub. Not in that order.
4	My first experience at "jjim jil bang" Went with friends, one w visits to lots of similar places and the other w no prior exposure like me. Was impressed w cleanliness and friendly staff. My personal couple tips would be:1) Try applying salt before going into sauna room (NOT on forehead!! As salt melts in heat it drips down and causes eye irritation. From personal experience! See I was overly excited and put salt all over including my forehead. Had to walk out blind to wash my face) In sauna room, gently rub the melting salt on your body. When done, wash off with cool shower. Your skin will feel so smooth! :)2) Keep hydrating yourself. There are plenty of cups and cold water throughout the facility. I am definitely going back to relax and hang out w my friends^^
4	Hidden from the main street, you might think you'd get a happy ending at Imperial Health Spa. Well, you do -- but not that kind! (If that's what you want, you're better off collecting those hooker cards. I hear some of those chicks are running $35 specials!) I missed out on the Onsen experience in Japan, so I heard about Imperial Health Spa and decided to at least get something similar. It was worth it. Thanks Yelp!Unfortunately traveling chica didn't want to come out here. Sharing bathwater and getting nekkid in Vegas just wasn't her thing! (Whether or not that's my thing will stay in Vegas!)But hey -- I went in the morning around 8:30am and there were only a handful of people here, and most were in the co-ed area. The entire 1 1/2 hr I was there, I only saw 1 person in the nekkid area, aside from the staff who was walking back and forth carrying the laundry. Just like in Japan, they have the rows of wash stations lined up in a row, each station supplied with a hand-held shower and shampoo, conditioner, and bath gel dispensers. After your bath, you can choose to soak in the pools. There are 3 types: the cool one, the warm one, and the hot one, which is a jacuzzi. I didn't feel like the cool one, so I sat in the warm and hot ones. Ironically, the "hot" was only warm, so it was weird sitting in a warm jacuzzi. The "warm" (which was really the hottest) was nice and relaxing and there was a TV beside it so you could occupy your time while relaxing. I stayed in this one the longest. Aaahh....There were also massage rooms and a dry and wet sauna in the females only area. I decided to go to the co-ed area since it was covered in my fee (they provide some pajamas to wear in that area). They have more hot rooms. One was simply a big room to sit in, another contained little cave-like areas for each person to rest in (kind of reminded me of a dog house, Lol), and the best ones (there were two like this) had boxes that contained rocks that you lay down on. Soooo relaxing! Two types of rocks -- smooth and rocky (har har). I preferred the smooth type. I wish there were Korean spas in the South. Or Japanese spas. Or just something similar. There is a place by my house that says Tokyo Health Spa, but alas, it was just a massage parlor. And it isn't even run by Japanese. Not such a happy ending for me Lol. But any day relaxing day spent at Imperial Health Spa is a happy ending, in my opinion. The spa is located far from the strip, so get a car and head north. It's worth it!
5	I must say that I was scared at first to go to this spa.  We were on a girls trip and one of the girls highly suggested this experience and boy am I glad she did!  After reading the reviews on this site, she picked this particular spa. I swear it was a religious experience.  We went into the jacuzzi first to loosen up and my little sweet faced masseur came in to get me.  She was wearing her 'uniform' of a bra and underwear.  Yep...either time to run or time to take the dive!  Now, if you are modest, this is not for you.  Usually I am, but I was warned before we went that if you don't want to get naked, don't go at all....but I decided to surrender to the experience.  Great decision.First, I was taken into the room where my sweet little Jenny rubbed delicious smelling sugar all over my body.  Okay....98% of my body.  Again, you have to surrender to the experience.  lol.  Then, she put me in the sauna for about 10 minutes.  I was joined there by my 2 girlfriends where we sat there, in the buff, with melting sugar all over us.  Talk about bonding!  lol.  She took me back to the shower and washed my whole body.  We headed back into the room where she put some kind of volcanic ash or seaweed or something...and wrapped me in plastic and left me in the quiet for about 40 minutes.  Next, after I took another rinse, I went back to her table again where she gave me the best massage of my life, then a cold fresh cucumber facial....the cucumber was freshly smashed by her at some point...and it was ice cold.  Oh my gosh AMAZING.  And finally, after putting amazing lotion all over my body, she removed the face mask and WASHED MY HAIR.    After this amazing experience, we proceed upstairs to the clay rooms.  One room had these awesome balls of hot clay that you lay in and just relax.  The spa portion of our visit was about 2 hours.  We were there for about 4 and a half hours total and when we left, we could barely talk.  It was a great bonding experience.  And when it was all over, I hugged my little Jenny and told her I wanted to come back over and over again.I was also excited to find out they had a location here in Fullerton, California!  So now I can go to the spa whenever I want to.  I will never go to Burke Williams ever again.  AAAAhhhhhhhhh...heaven.  Highly recommended!!!  I am telling everyone about this experience and trying to take as many other friends as I can!  :)
3	DO NOT come here for any sort of massage/facial. Then again, it might just be the woman who serviced me, her name was COCO (SO REMEMBER THAT NAME). The massages were really rushed and fast. NOTHING about it was relaxing. It was like "Get in, get out", I think the massage should have been one hour but they tried to squeeze a massage, body scrub, scalp massage and wash, facial all in 70 minutes. I should've known better. The shampoo and conditioner they used for the scalp massage wasn't as good as the ones in the public wash area. My hair was all tangly afterwards, but my skin was soft enough after the scrub. Wat do u expect tho, the scrub was one of the most painful i've ever had -.- I was a little suspicious about the cleanliness of my masseuse because when I came in, I asked for another towel and she just threw my old towel into the pile of new towels. Then one of my towels had make up stains on it and a piece of here.. I don't wear make up to the spa so it might've been someone else's towel that she mixed in with all the clean towels. Kind of disturbing..  I did the $130 Body Scrub package "Scentau" or sth.. I've had more relaxing scrubs at Wi Spa. However, this spa is definitely much cleaner. The sauna rooms were very organized and clean. The customer service was really good. There is a lot of facilities within this spa, like 8 types of saunas or sth. There're definitely not as many people as other korean spas I've been to. The food is not that great but the price is alright. I ordered a Strawberry smoothie for around $5 and it tasted like they mixed some sort of soup into the drink. Maybe it's a healthy blend of things, who knows. The kimbap was kind of bland, they put sliced up fishballs in there or sth.. it tasted kind of spoiled.. Overall, the spa was great but just no massages for me, as for the food. I'm sure you can't go wrong with the kalbi, which was $10 but i wasn't that hungry. And just don't get the smoothie, the facilities are great though.
5	I Love This Place! The Sauna's are great!! They have 3 coed saunas in the 2nd floor & 3 same gender in the locker room on the first floor. I felt like i was in Jr High again in the locker room. If u don't like being in your birthday suit then I suggest u bring a bikini.  Its kind like a bath house Ive been told. Its open 24 hours, seven days a week. Locker room has 3 jacuzzi - Hot, Warm & Cold. Its a great place to relax with your other half, family & friends. I'm going again this week with my friends!!!
5	Very new and clean.  The facility is excellent.  Definitely would be coming back everytime I visit Vegas.
5	From a guy's perspective...If you want to get away from the crowd, the noise and the people trying to flick their little cards of adult content on the Strip, Imperial Spa is an awesome retreat.  It's not glamorous or toney like most of your typical casino spas that have fluffy towels, fruit, flavored water and Enya playing in the background but, in so many other ways, you get so much more without having to break the bank.Alright, so the location is kind of hidden and hard to spot if you're not paying attention.  Okay, it's outright shady and the building kind of looks like they were trying to make it look like the Excalibur but I digress.  Once you check in, pay for your services, get your key, your "spa pajamas" and enter your respective locker room area.  When you get to your locker, strip down and take a freakin shower, regardless if you're going to use the wet area or not, think of it as a courtesy to the other spa patrons who don't want to smell your funk or lingering smell of tobacco from the casinos.The wet area, which has a large hot whirlpool tub, a cold plunge, a sauna, steam room and open sitting/standing showers.  It's freakin dude heaven because where else can you chill in a hot tub or take a shower while watching ESPN?  Yup, there's a freakin flat screen tv in the shower area that faces the tub.  Sure, you're watching the game and chillin in your birthday suit, no one gives an eff, it's a Korean spa and it's what they do. If you want to check out the coed area, change into your spa pajamas so you can head upstairs to the coed area where they have various sauna-esque rooms, a sitting area with couches and a tv, a theatre, etc.  Of all the rooms, I especially liked the red clay ball room, it was awesome.  I literally could feel every little ball on my body!  They also have a little snack bar near the sitting area.  If you really can't live without technology, you can also bring your laptop if you want to jump on their wifi.TIP 1:  Before you head to the coed area, bring one of those small towels from the locker room so you have something to rest your head on when you use the rooms.TIP 2:  In the wet area, alternate between hot and cold, i.e. hot tub, cold plunge, sauna, shower, hot tub, steam room, etc.TIP 3:   Think of the wet area as the good ol' locker room at the gym.  You need to leave your inhibitions at the door.  If you're uncomfortable with  nudity,  this isn't the place for you.Overall, it was a great experience.  The facilities were clean, the staff was quite friendly and at least when I went on a Thursday afternoon, it wasn't too busy, which was kind of nice, it felt like I had the entire spot to myself!  You can seriously spend hours and hours in this place just chilling, without going broke.  Imperial Spa is definitely going to be my relaxation spot whenever I'm in Vegas!
5	Okay, I was just there earlier...we stayed there about 3-4 hours.I always go there when I need to sweat and relax.This place always been good to relax and detox.I thought I was getting cold and kind of feeling sick for couple of days..I went there and relaxed there for couple hours..when I came out..I feel great.It's really clean  there and something you can afford, and it's worth it.15 bucks and you can stay there long as you want..pretty nice :)
3	I was still trying to get over a cold and Jeff is a spa-whore, so i looked on Yelp for recommendations in Vegas.I'm glad we stopped.  The facility is quite clean.  There was a young man cleaning the wet areas the whole time we were there. Much like other Korean spas I've been to, I was greeted by a shoe locker area, before entering the locker room.  The clothes lockers have the weird little magnetic/electronic keys on plastic bands that looked like hair bands from the 80s.  The men's locker room is huge.  On the left and right are lockers.  In the middle of the room  are 4 black leather  easy chairs and behind them, two red lounge type chairs.  A flat screen TV is across from these chairs.  (It was tuned to a basketball game.)Along the walls are long counters with brushes and cotton swabs.  I'm used to seeing more grooming products than what they had out. (I only saw some lotion and nasty hair gel.)Outside of the glass doors to the wet areas, there is a shelf with smaller and larger towels.  Immediately inside the glass doors is another shelf with towels, to your right.  To your left is a shelf with toothrushes, wash cloths, and razors.  The stand up showers are directly in front of you.  To the right of the shower areas is a flat screen TV.  (Tuned to a Korean talk show.)  There is a privacy screen by two of the showers to the right.  The remaining showers are open.  (It took me a while to figure out the showers.  You adjust temperature on the left dial.  There is no right dial and then you push the "button" in the middle for the water to turn on.   Think push button sink faucets, just you get to adjust the temperature on these.  I realize they have drought restrictions, so this was a clever idea, but strange to those of us who have never encountered that before.)  To the left of the shower area is a huge hot tub with the jets going.  It is much deeper than you would initially expect, but a comfortable temperature and the jets are perfect for helping relax a tight bath.  in the next room over, there are rows of sit-down (Asian-style showers).  They have glass dividers between them.  On a table near these showers is a large bucket of salt.  it is for the salt sauna.  Across from the sit-down showers, there is a large cold pool.  It is deep, too, but not as cold as some places I've attended.  Beyond the sit-down showers there is a body scrub area, sectioned off by a privacy screen.  To the left of the body scrub area there is the salt steam sauna, an herbal steam sauna and the dry sauna.   I didn't enter the dry sauna. After showering, I salted myself up and entered the salt sauna.  it was quite nice.  The heat and the steam made the salt melt and all my toxins left with it.  I ended up rinsing off and then moving to the herbal sauna.  This room was at a much higher temperature. It hurt to breathe in there, so I left it.  The salt did make my skin smoother.  There is a room off to the side of the cold plunge.  I saw a young man go in there and he described his body scrub when he came out.  I think the term he used was "thorough."   That is my kind of body scrub!  Going back out to the locker room, there is a resting room (in the dark) amidst one bank of lockers.  There  is a bathroom across from the stairs leading to the 2nd floor and the co-ed areas.  At the entrance of the stairs, there is a salt cave.  It is a large room with salt bricks along the walls and ceiling.  There are mats on the floor and head rests.  I stayed in there for about 10 minutes and was sweating by the end.  It didn't seem that hot, but it got me sweating.  I liked that room, quite a bit.  When we entered, we were given "spa clothes"  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to go upstairs to the 2nd floor because my spa clothes were too  small for me.  Next time, I'll bring my own shorts and tshirt, so that I can go see what else this place has to offer.  I didn't get a massage, though I doubt I would ever get one here, since I pay about half for the same kind of massage where I live.  I might pop for a body scrub, though.  :)
5	I am a snob for cleanliness, and this place is as clean as a spa can be.  There are lockers for your shoes and clothes.  For locals, it is $15 for the spa usage for as long as you want. For $15, you get to use the four steam/sauna rooms, hot/medium/cold jacuzzi and the salt room. A great place to relax and sweat. One other thing to note is that the wet area requires complete nudity. So shower before you get in any of the rooms or jacuzzi. It really is no big deal since you are surrounded with the same sex.  Relax & Enjoy!
5	Cant wait to get a massage from Emily....she is the bestest at deep tissue.  Its amazing.  I totally love this place
4	I cut my teeth on the Korean bath house experience during my frequent business travels to Asia. It was there that I learned to overcome any residual American victorian reserve about spending time naked in water with fellow business associates. As a voluptuous non-asian from a cheese-eating nation, my naked form stood out from the lithe Asian locals in the locker room like a lolly pop pulled from its stick. I spent my first visit trying to keep the small towel strategically placed on my flora and fauna_ as not to offend. That was a long time ago, and I have since come to love this communal bath experience that has spoiled me forever. Today I can saunter about a locker room or mineral spring butt naked with more gusto than Will Ferrel's famous streak in the movie Old Skool.Qua... Oh Nua, Forget overpriced hotel spa rubs that annoy with Enya music and slather you with rancid oil used to fry buffet fare. I 've come to rely on the Asian bath house experience as a way to heal and regenerate regularly. At Imperial, the hot and cold plunges are only outdone by a golden jade sauna and clay room_great for  getting your meditation on. Imperial Spa has provided me with a local fix for this once exotic travel indulgence, right here in LV 24/7. Katherine is an amazing healer and massage therapist, and good homestyle Korean food rounds out your visit.   To quote Ru Paul " You're born naked, you die naked, and everything inbetween is just drag"
4	Great body scrub and massage. Very clean but no luxury. Excellent value for the prices they charges.
5	This is my first experience on an actual spa, let alone a Korean Bathhouse. It was a different but good experience for me. My boyfriend took me for my birthday yesterday and it was such a much needed "gift". He has been here before and raved about it. Going in, I didn't know what to expect but it was really clean inside. He let me choose what package I wanted, I ended up getting the aroma-therapy scrub and massage which was 90 minutes and $150.00. He got the swedish massage which is a mild massage for the men, if you get the deep tissue expect it to be a bit rough. When buying the package a man was complaining about this massage, stating he must've bought the wrong package. There's a woman's area, & mens, and they provide clothes for you to change into.There's saunas and hot tubs, beware ladies A LOT of nudity but in your area. At first I wasn't so comfortable, but seeing how everyone was naked in the woman's area, I adjusted. Finally my massage came and found me in the hot tub area. The aroma scrub was delightful, she scrubbed away all my "dead skin", and even asked if I wanted to avoid my tattoo areas, I told her to go gentle in that area. Even though she didn't speak English that well, she was kind, we communicated well, made me feel comfortable because I was naked throughout this whole scrub / massage. Washed, and cleaned, and went onto the massage. I think I even fell asleep, it was a great experience. I also got a facial, and my hair shampoo and conditioned. I felt like a whole new woman, and RELAXED! I'm still relaxed lol.Nice Staff, clean, and well worth the time and money.P.S. There is a common area where there is lazy leather boy chairs, and a big screen t.v. and also an area where you can watch movies. I have to say this was a great gift! My boyfriend will have me raving for months, or until next time ;]
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!!A friend had brought me here over a year ago, and I was hooked from that moment on. I love saunas to begin with, which is primarily the reason why i joined a gym (that, and the workout too lol). It's really affordable and worth your money. $20 gets you 12 hours and if you stay 'overnight' (past 12 o'clock AM) its $30. This spa is 24 hours by the way. They do offer facials, massages, etc. separatley with a price, but i haven't had the chance to try that yet! When you get there and pay your admission fee, you get your locker key, your 'spa pajamas' and a large and little towel. You can even as for sandals at the front desk if you feel uncomfortable walking around the area bare foot (which you will). The first thing you do when you enter the locker rooms is you put your footwear in the foot lockers. The number on your key is the number of your locker. Please, please, please take a shower before putting on your spa pajamas and heading up to the coed sauna area, its just the polite thing to do. there will be sweating and what not in the sauna areas, and we don't need funky smells from outside swirling around in there!Basic layout: Upstairs is the Coed area, there is a 'mini' gym (i wouldn't call it a gym, i don't even know why its there...., a mini bar area where you can order food (my favorites are the shaved ice, the Spicy Beef Soup and the Kim Bap.When you order your food and beverages here, they put the tab on your locker number, and you just pay on your way out. No need to carry money on you. Water machines are provided to keep you hydrated throughout the area. Three sauna rooms: Red Clay Ball Room, Clay Jade Room and the Red Clay Room is what is in the Coed area. The Ball room is my favorite, when you wedge yourself under the balls, the hotter it gets b/c the beds are heated. In the main area, there are recliner chairs and couches in this air conditioned area. Between sauna rooms, hydrate for thirty min or so, drinking water while watching tv. In the locker areas, there are a total of two saunas and two steam rooms. The dry salt sauna is located at the bottom of the stairs that lead up to the coed area, and the other is in the locker room, where as the two steam rooms are. There are three tubs, Hot, Warm and cold. Alternate between the tubs and saunas while you are in there. Before entering any of the whirlpools or saunas - again, Please take a shower. As for the locker rooms(not coed of course), If you have any fears of walking around in your birthday suit, please leave it at the door. For those who really feel uncomfortable, bring a bathing suit. I on the other hand have no inhibitions about it. Others, that have come here with me, used to wear their bikini's but after a few visits, they find it easier to go in a nude. Everybody there does it, that's just how it is! No one is looking!! Overall, this is a great place to relax in HOT Las Vegas!! Its a little hidden treasure right off the strip!! I recommend this place to everyone!!! Sorry didn't expect this to be so long and detailed. Its just shows how much I LOVE this place!!!
5	Note September 10,2011:  Imperial Health Spa is NOT still closed for remodeling.  I tried to make a reservation on their website and got a message saying they were closed for remodeling.  The website is out of date.  Just call the number under CONTACTS and make your reservation.  This is still the best spa in Las Vegas - heck, anywhere - for quality, service, and value.  Can't wait to visit them in October!!!
5	Ever since my Korean spa experience at the Hyatt in Icheon, Korea, I have been constantly seeking similar establishments.  Unfortunately, no Korean spas exist (for guys at least) in Hawai'i.So I did my yelp research and located a highly rated Korean spa in Las Vegas.  A perfect getaway from the heat and to recover from a previous night's debauchery.  I made my way via taxi, however for some reason the taxi driver could not locate the building.  After calling the receptionist, she clarified the location as across the street from the Bank of America, but in a small lane behind the main buildings on E. Sahara.The receptionist was pleasant and checked me in for my 30 minute Korean-style scrub and 60 minute Acu-Massage.  I arrived about forty-five minutes early so I could soak in their Jacuzzi.  I was handed their "uniform" t-shirt and shorts, required for the coed areas and sleep rooms.  Otherwise, you're in the buff (get over it!).The facilities were immaculate and nicely maintained.  The locker room/lounge area was very comfortable, despite its starkness.  The television here was tuned to Korean soap operas (addicting stuff).  The leather chairs were a nice touch and the counters were filled with amenities such as soaps, disposable razors and shaving cream.  I kept coming here for the filtered water in an attempt to battle the alcohol I ingested practically hours ago.I alternated between the steam and dry saunas to the Jacuzzi then the ice plunge that electrifies every nerve ending in your body as if it were on fire.  Love that feeling!  Reminds me of my road trip from Portland, Oregon to Anchorage, Alaska and skinny dipping in the glacier water as our daily shower.  Ah, better than caffeine.  I was called to my scrub in an adjoining room and the guy worked his magic, polishing my body down to a pulp and splashing buckets of warm water between applications.  A great feeling to emerge renewed!  From the scrub, I showered and immediately started my Acu-massage in a separate massage room, equipped with bars on the ceilings for the therapist to play their footsie magic on my back.  Man, what a glorious experience Acu-massage is!  Part deep tissue, part Thai.  60 minutes of bliss!  When done, I headed back to the Jacuzzi, dry sauna, steam room, ice plunge rotation for about another 30-45 minutes.  I did not try their coed section of other mineral and sleep rooms, but will defiantly try them if I ever return (and I hope to soon!)  Otherwise, I walked away a new man.  Ready to brave the sweltering summer heat and feeling lucky to tempt chance at the casinos.  An amazing start to my appointed spa day in Vegas.  An experience (and price) that does not exist on the Strip.#Yelp 365:  054/365
5	One week of abusing my body has landed me here. Drinking most nights has made me realize that alcohol is not my friend and I came here with a friend to detox. For $20 daytime or $30 nighttime, you get full access to the general facility. It is extra for services such as a scrub, massage, facial, wrap, or food. They have package deals that put the Strip to shame. Came in on a Thursday afternoon and had the whole bath area to myself. I showered, sat in the warm bath, switched to the cold bath, jumped in the herbal sauna, moved over to the dry salt steam room, scrubbed down with salt, lounged around the salt sauna with said salt still on me, watched it all melt away as I sweated out the toxins, washed off, shave, and the only person I had around me was the attendant. It was amazing. I could couldn't care less if people were around me, but if you are worried about it being crowded then a weekday afternoon might be best for you.An hour and a half later, I was ready to go upstairs to meet my friend. We had lunch in the lunchroom. Prices are close to some restaurants outside. The ddeokpokki and udong are ok. The kimbap was my favorite. They were large filled with veggies, ham, and egg. In the communal area, there are recliners, tvs, a fitness room, clay ball room, jade clay room, salt room, and a cold room. Remember to stay hydrated throughout the day. Laying around the various rooms for four hours I must have guzzled a gallon of water and felt like a new man. The best part is that after all of that, I showered and repeated the bathing process again.
5	Still without a doubt the best and cleanest spa experience ever.  For those of you who can put away your western inhibitions and don't mind being in the buff around total strangers who you will probably never see again, this is a wonderful experience.  I did see a couple of patrons in bikinis this trip.  They have updated their facilities a bit and have added to their menu of services, but I still fall back to the original which includes a full body scrub (I do mean full body and I do mean SCRUB) followed by a relaxing massage, cucumber facial, and hair wash/condition.  $90.  This includes the use of the facilities.  Upon arrival you will be issued a small towel, large towel, and short/shirt set which is required in the coed area upstairs.  Entering the locker room, you must first remove your shoes and place them in one of the lockers that don't lock.  Then proceed to the locker area for which you were given a locker key upon check-in.  First shower then put on your short/shirt and go upstairs to experience the sauna rooms: jade, clay, clay ball.  I prefer the clay ball.  Know this: the floors in the sauna rooms are hot!  Also upstairs is a food service counter and lounge chairs where you can watch Korean TV.  Back downstairs in the ladies locker room is a dry salt sauna with mats on the floor - my favorite.  Strip down and enter the wet area.  Another shower with wonderful coconut bath gel, shampoo, and conditioner followed by a sweat in either of the two saunas (salt or herbal), a quick rinse off shower and into the warm tub.  The cold tub is frigid and the hot tub is truly over the top hot.  They also have the traditional Korean bath house setup where you sit to bathe.  Try to spend about 30 minutes in the wet treatments before your therapist calls your number at which time you'll be escorted to the private treatment room.  Again, the scrub is a must and the massage, facial, and hair treatments are nice accompaniments.  Emily is a wonderful therapist.They provide toothbrushes, toothpaste, hair gel, hairspray, dryers, and curling irons.
5	This is for all the people flying in from Honolulu on Hawaiian Airlines that land at 6 am and cannot check into their hotel and don't want to start losing all their money right away. Go here. Jump in the hot bath and then the steam sauna. Go upstairs and lay on the hot stones or chill in the cold room. Sit back and relax on the recliner. I even fall asleep there for like an hour. This is the best way to unwind after a long flight. I know they have massages there too but the $20 entrance fee is all I need to get me ready to party for the next three days.
4	Any Asian owned business that has the word "Spa" in its name will raise suspicions of being a "rub and tug."  Being a member of law enforcement,  I have to be extra vigilant about the businesses I patronize.  Imperial Health Spa was recommended to me by several female friends and after some research on Yelp, I felt it was an legitimate spa and made an appointment.The spa layout is pretty simple unless you're gender-confused.  It is located in a two story building and divided into three areas; the top floor is the co-ed area and the bottom is segregated by gender. Before I go any further, I must warn you...  DO NOT go if you are not comfortable with same-sex full frontal nudity.  There will be naked people there and they will walk as if they are strolling in the park.  If you have a hang up about being naked, don't go, because if I catch you checking out my junk, I'm gonna kick your butt--and two naked dudes fighting in a spa is the last thing ANYONE wants to see.When you arrive, you will be checked in by the receptionist, it costs $15 for locals and $20 for non-locals to use the facilities (Mani, Pedi, Facial, Massages, Exfols services are also available at extra cost).  You will be given a set of shorts,  hospital scrubs, 2 towels and a key.  The key is for your locker, the rest, hopefully, are self explanatory.When you walk into the changing area, there will be mini-lockers, those mini-lockers are for your shoes.  You are now faced with a couple of decisions, put your shoes in the mini shoe locker or your key locker; and use the slippers in the mini shoe locker or go bare foot.  You're an adult, figure it out.There will be lockers and the number on your key will correspond to the locker.  Get out of your street clothes,  wrap a towel around yourself, hit the showers.  In the segregated area, there will be:Stand-up ShowersSit-down Asian ShowersHot TubCool TubSalt Steam RoomHerbal Steam RoomDry SaunaSalt Hot SaunaPLEASE SHOWER AFTER YOU VISIT EACH AREA... shower/hot tub/shower/steam room/shower/cave/shower/sauna... and any combination thereof, just shower after each "area."The upstairs is the co-ed area, it consists of a general lounge area with big comfy lazy-boy chairs where you can watch TV and a mini-restaurant that serves basic Korean/Asian food as well as some boba/smoothie drinks.  Upstairs specialty rooms are as follows:Salt Brick Room - A hot room with salt bricksRed Clay Ball Sauna - Think kitty litter, for humans, without the poo.Jade Sauna - Not sure what this room was for and didn't bother to read the sign, just remember it being hotRed Clay Room- It's a red clay igloo... also hot.Cold Room - Basically a walk in freezerMini Gym - I don't exercise, so I avoided this room.  I think there were treadmills and stationary bikes.I got the combo package of "Pure Heaven" which consisted of a Body Scrub, Swedish Massage and Fresh Grated Cucumber Mask (70 minutes, $130).  The scrub was great, left my skin baby soft.  The cucumber mask made me hungry.  The massage was okay.  I took one star away for the fact that I didn't have a choice of getting a female therapist... becuase I got the body scrub, the entire package had to be done by a middle-age Korean man.  I was told that if I wanted a female therapist, I should have separated out the massage and body rub; wherein the exfoliation would be done by a man and the massage portion, a woman.  Fine, next time I know.I did enjoy the Tofu soup at the restaurant ($9.00)... which was prepared by a woman.All in all, it's a pretty good experience, relaxing after having to deal with my crazy mother.
4	I visited this spa a few weeks ago. Costs $20 to get in with an out of state ID, $15 for locals. Really nice place to go relax for a few hours. They serve food inside which was okay. I recommend this place if you're visiting Vegas.
3	This review is for all you Westerners out there!  You'd be wise to read this review to understand what you're in for here.The goodClean, spacious, and inexpensive.A number of different options with steam rooms, treatments, etc.Jacuzzi was perfect temperature and water press was good everywhere.Okay, the strange and unusualFirst, they allow kids in this place, and there were a number of rug rats running around.  I don't feel particularly good with 6 year olds that aren't my issue running around at schwantz level looking at my crotch area.  Might be cool in other cultures, but definitely queers the vibe.Second, they have a restaurant located on the second floor.  Didn't try any of the food, but I'm not a huge fan of smelling kalbi while I'm trying to relax after a steam shower.  Food is a good idea, I just wouldn't have anything cooked to serve.  Third, this is a Korean spa, so all the televisions are on Korean channels, whose programming is strange.  Would like to have seen more screens for all the new years day bowl games.Finally, because this is Korean joint, all the men(and woman according to my girlfriend who also visited the woman's spa) do not shave, so it looks like a jeri curl convention in there, which is also unattractive.  Massage I got was pretty good, but not cheap at 90.00 for an off strip joint.  I get 45 dollar Thai massages here in LA that blow away every massage I've ever had around the world, some costing up to 200 bucks.
4	i love this place!!!!! $20 to all day (until midnight) access to the spa... SUPER clean... as for the employees you cant understand a word they say but thats just because i am american and they all speak korean lol... love love love this place... going to buy the 10 time access card next week! super relaxing!
4	Great place, very clean. I went tonight with my girlfriends we had a great time. We loved the clay ball room and adobe like room. Great place to detox and relax. They lost one star for me because they don't give locals a discount anymore. Boo.
5	this place is not for the people still traumatized by high school swimming.  remember being half naked as every hormone crazy guy in your class stared at you from the bleachers?  well if you are, like me, this will help you get over it REAL FAST!  apparently everything is done naked here except the 2nd floor which is considered co-ed.  also dont go to a korean spa for the first time with your best friend.  its like taking a bath together when youre 5 minus the toys. i had the salt scrub and wet massage which was amazing.  every part of your body will be scrubbed, boobs, butt, bellybutton and everything in between.  the best korean spa that ive been to yet, that includes the LA ones.  best part, they are impeccably clean.  sorry crystal spa in LA, youre second in my book.
5	Best K-spa ever!!! Use all the great facilities for $20 bucks that includes ice room, jade room, red clay caves, salt room, theater room, juice bar and dining area and more.
5	Most of us regulars to Imperial Health Spa remembers the headache it was in the beginning first five months of last year, when they closed their doors temporarily for renovations, what started to only be a two month renovations turned into 5 months. Now when the doors finally reopened in May, I expected everything on the interior to be completely revamped, sad to say, from what I saw, everything looked the same, except for a couple MAJOR add-on's which I was very excited for. First, there is, in the Co-ed area up stairs, a fully functional family sitting, air conditioned area that still acts as a movie theater area. Just minus the big bulky wooden doors and kept it sealed and shut-in, and minus the 15 huge oversized, overused recliners, which I really miss. But at least the main area still has some recliners, although, i still prefer the ones they got rid of . haha. I usually just go in there to rest in silence and away from the rest of the guests, however if you feel like watching a movie, just ask one of the nice ladies at the food bar, and choose from the list which american, or korean movie you would like to watch and they will put it on for you! Secondly, AND MOST EXCITING, is the new addition of the ICE ROOM! oh yessss. No more running downstairs three times, changing in and out of sauna clothes just to take a dip in the ice cold bath. Now i can easily move from a sauna room and into a huge walk in FREEZER! awesome for bringing the heart rate down, but don't stay too long in there. That is pretty much it, I haven't been here in a while, but I hope that after my trip back from visiting family in Hawaii, i will maybe make a trip back here to wind back down from some jet lag, does anyone wanna join me? Happy Sweating! haha
2	I have been going here for a couple years minus the last 7 months ish with the renovations and forgetfulness.  So I recently started to see commercials for this place again, so I thought time to go back! Most of the place looks the same and as always very very clean. I was sad to see the salt from the women's Spa was gone.  One of my favorite things to do there was scrub my whole body with salt then go into the salt Sauna.  I later found out they still have the salt at the front desk, I do not know if there is a charge for it now.  If there is I will buy my own and bring it with me, however I did find out the men's area still has access to salt free for their area. Totally not fair...One of the elliptical machines worked the other did not, one of the bikes worked the other did not?! The big chairs in the movie room are gone now you have to sit on the floor, not good for my back.  The wi-fi was still not working (so disappointing) I have yet to be there when it was working in my past years.  The food place shut down with no notice as I was looking at the menu and I'm sure they saw me looking no posted sign stating when they close in clear view.  They got rid of the locals discount.However my boyfriend loved it and was so happy the ice room, the bath area and and and... So I will go back especially since he bought the package deal which ends up giving you $5 off ( which is better then the locals discount ) per visit but costs $150 to buy.  I will give it another shot/shots and hope for wi-fi, really if you give me that and I'm a pretty happy girl!So in hopes of writing a better review on my next trip  and making my boyfriend happy with my happiness, cheers!
3	I have to rewrite my review as to how things are going.  Since we bought the package  deal I will have to reevaluate my initial review.  I am happy they are open again I forgot how relaxing this place really is.  I enjoy going over there and spending the afternoon soaking, scrubbing, and lounging.  The Wi-Fi was working today so I was truly able to enjoy my afternoon so I am a happy girl.  I also went and bought a bunch of fun bath scrubs and brought it along this time and I like that better then just plain salt, mine smells better and has oils in it for my skin so that problem is solved also.  The restaurant was open today so I got some spicy tofu soup.  They still do not have a chairs in the movie room tho sad for me. So all in all I am happy they are open and will continue to enjoy going here even if there is bumps in the road...
4	AFFORDABLE pricing than the spa spots on the vegas strip! I'm just going to get to the point since quite a few fellow yelpers explained clearly in their reviews what to expect from this korean spa. Pretty much for any korean spa you go to - the best services to get is the body scrub treatment. But I'm not comfortable yet having an ajumma giving me a full body scrub down butt nekkid. So I pass on that & the amenities as well for i'm more about the massages/treatments.:: SPA SERVICES ::So I came for the deep tissue massage & my gf had a facial treatment. Don't expect to get a bathrobe - it ain't the hotel spa. They do give you towels and a set of short/shirt to wear.  So you don't have to worry about going in a bath towel for your massage treatment - which i'm sure you could if you wanted to?! The massage treatment rooms are downstairs and the facial treatment is upstairs on the Co-Ed floor. Patricia was my masseuse & she did an outstanding job. She really got to my knots & double checked to make sure the pressure was ok throughout the hour. I think there was even a moment or so that I almost fell asleep! I know my gf said she did in her facial treatment :) That's how relaxing & enjoyable our treatments were~:: FOOD ::OMG I must say that i was surprised that the food we had here was actually really good. We ordered Bibimbap & Galbi Tang. Both were made just perfect and it was so tasty! We were given 3 banchans & they were hella good too!  As for pricing I must say it'd definitely on the pricier end but still worth it. There are hot/cold water dispenser by the cafe bar (located on the co-ed floor) too. Plenty of seating of your choice.:: DRAWBACKS ::The only negative I have is that it was pretty warm all around the whole place - especially the bathrooms (definitely no ventilation in there!). The only spot that was nice & cool was the lobby area =\  Maybe it's just me? :: NOTES ::1) Not that easy to find for it's not visible off the Saraha strip2) The front desk area do provide complimentary toothbrushes & razors3) There are kids here that family's do bring so don't be surprised seeing them4) slippers  can be requested from the front desk just know you aren't suppose to     wear the slippers to the Co-Ed room5) smoking patio is upstairs to the left of the cafe side where the dining area is
2	In Vegas for the weekend and hankering for a new spa experience, I went to yelp to pick our next spa day. Imperial Health Spa received raving reviews for it's cost, treatments, etc. I was sold.If you are used to a more Western spa experience, this will not be your scene. Not to say this was bad, but just not what I enjoy. It was clean, the staff was ok and there is a number of rooms to relax in. There is a little area to get some food. The locker rooms have a large spa area to hot tub or scrub ( bring some salt! ). I spent 15min laying in what can only be described as a giant kitty litter box filled with hot little clay balls. The boyfriend wasn't a kitty litter fan, but I enjoyed it until some kids came in. Basically, this spa can be enjoyable if this is what you are used to and price is the number one focus. A huge downside was the small children running around. I love children, but not when I have mine at the sitter so I can enjoy some quiet time. It also creeped me out to have the children there when it's hot tub time machine in the locker room. I am not a prude and have no problem letting it out, but you get all different kinds in Vegas...and this is just asking for creepsters. Don't bring your kids please. The prices that everyone raved about were not that inexpensive considering the location and environment.It's not that much more and such a better experience to check out a larger hotel on the strip's spa. For the 20-30$ you will save, it's just not comparable. I'm not a fan of the Eastern spas and this was too far east. -Big bush all around me. Between the Russian and Korean...my rosetta stone was spinning. Korean soaps on all the tvs. Yelpers, just want you to realize what this is. -If you enjoy a more Eastern experience, this will be great and you will feel right at home...if you are from the bible belt...turn the car around.
5	Amazing....hyper clean, friendly and very nice overall.  Plenty of relaxation and naked bodies for all.  If you have a naked phobia this might not be the place for you or stay upstairs. I'm a regular especially in the dry salt room!
5	It is ALL about the Aromatherapy Scrub & Massage at Imperial Health Spa. But brace yourself, bitches. There's no gentle, relaxing touch involved so if that's your thing, don't even bother reading any more of my review. The hearts and rainbows and jumping unicorns and rose petals are just not the type of things that transpire over at the Korean Spa. So if you're a bad ass like me and you're from the school that whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger, do feel free to read on... They will scrub you within an inch of your life and elbow the shit out of knots in your back but it's sooo worth it! No pain no gain baby! Brunhilda from Ryan and Sean's Not So Excellent Adventure has nothing on the chicks that work here! If you don't get that reference, don't feel bad. It's just some obscure, cheesy movie that I happen to have acted in so I wouldn't expect you to have any idea what I'm talking about. And if you do get it... I'm impressed! Extra cool points in my book for you!Come earlier than your appointment time. Like half an hour early minimum. They want you to be human soup with the rest of the nudists that enjoy the facilities here pre-scrub/massage. Oh and jump into that steam room for a few too if you can handle it. I can't take it too long though. I get wayyy too hot! *insert cute boys sending me compliments like "Yeah, that's right, you ARE way too hot!" here*My suggestion is to come here before an airbrush tanning session. Get all that dead skin off your body and then head over to see Terry over at Bronzed. But actually the ideal thing is to do this the day or two before because they put a bunch of hardcore moisturizer/oil on you which is not good to have on your skin before an airbrush tanning session because it will make it so the tanner doesn't stick and defeat the whole purpose of your doing the scrub in the first place.They do just about everything that can be done to pamper you here during this treatment. And there are two different options. One's $125 and the other is $150. Only difference between the two is that one is longer than the other. The Aromatherapy Scrub and Massage appointment goes as follows:Your scrubber/massage lady comes and finds you in the steam room or jacuzzi. You go back with her and get completely nude. She scrubs the hell out of you as you contemplate your escape route and/or start thinking of a way you can start climbing the ceiling. She shows you all the nasty skin she has taken off of you and you're like, "Wow! I guess I definitely needed this! I swear I don't live in a cardboard box under a freeway overpass!" Then she washes you with this pineapple smelling soap and one of those poof things. This is one of my favorite parts of the treatment because the scent is very intense and smells amazing! After that they wash your hair for you and condition it while giving you a bit of a head massage. Then they seat you up and give you some soap for your face and have you go get in the shower while they clean up all your dead skin off the table so everything is nice and clean for the massage portion that is coming up next. After your shower, they hand you a towel and have you lay down on the table face down. Then they dry you off some more and begin the massage. After that they flip you over and massage a little more, then put a mask on your face. While the mask is drying, they massage your neck and shoulders. Then they peel the mask off and that's the end of your aromatherapy scrub and massage treatment. All in all it is a great experience that I recommend and partake in often. So if you see me running around naked 'round these parts, don't be surprised. And sorry dudes... it's not co-ed in the naked area although the men do have their own birthday suit section at this spa. No clue what goes on back there so you're on your own there, buddy. To all the ladies out there... Maybe say hi or something if you see me... Or not. Cuz that like might be awkward since we're like naked and stuff. I dunno... I'm pretty easygoing so if you don't mind, I won't. Your call either way, fellow yelpers. All I know is this... You will leave here glowing and looking fantastic, feeling like a new woman! This place is the bomb diggity and the sheer number of checkins I have listed above should speak volumes about how much I love this place!
5	I recently went here for the first time on the recommendation of my MT Patricia Medina.  As always her massage was off the charts wonderful, but the spa made it even better.  After being shown around I took time to relax and heal for several hours.  For a flat rate of $20 (and free if you book a massage with Patricia) it is a great value!
5	Totally love this place. For $20 you get a lot. The downstairs is separated for men and women with three different saunas a hot tub, warm tub, and cold tub (fyi the cold tub is like ice water so be prepared). I do also highly recommend when you get upstairs to lay in the clay ball room it is amazing and then sit in the ice. I definitely do this at least oncea month it was so amazing.
4	WoW! I really loved this place! This was my first Korean spa experience and I really enjoyed my time spent. On the bottom floor, the men and women are separate and you gotta pretty much be naked while using their tubs, saunas, and showers. The second floor is the co-ed area where there are 3? 4? different sauna rooms you can use. I really enjoyed the clay ball room and the red clay room. Those were my favorites. This is a must-stop-spot when going to Vegas!
4	I have added this facility to my "What else to do in Vegas" list because this place is open until 11:30pm at night and opens at 8am.  If you ever arrive in Vegas drunk from the flight over first thing in the morning/redeye, Imperial Health Spa is the place to be to rejuvenate before you, well, get drunk in Vegas again!  Enjoy!
5	I checked this place out after buying one of their day passes on Groupon. Don't get me wrong - the regular general admission price is cheap enough, but when you can get it for half price, that's pretty cool. First, as other people have commented, if you haven't been to a Korean Spa before, this is not the place for you if are overly modest. Just sayin'The ritual when you get there is to to put your shoes in the shoe locker, get the flip flops out and head into the locker room to continue getting changed. The shoe lockers don't lock, so I just brought my shoes with me and put them in my locker that actually locked. From there, you head into the wet area to shower and just relax in the hot tub or variety of saunas and steam rooms. If you get a little over heated, there's a cold plunge or if you aren't that brave, there are chaise lounges in the wet area or comfy chairs in the locker area. I got the basic men's body scrub. It was great. He scrubbed and scrubbed and scrubbed. I don't remember feeling so clean - ever. Just get there about a half hour before your appointment time. You'll need that time to relax and spend 10-15 minutes in the spa to soften up your skin. That, and my skin was exceptionally soft. My wife is a fan ;-)After the treatment, I checked out the co-ed areas upstairs. I put on my "uniform" and headed up. I checked out the rooms upstairs, but fell in love with the Red Clay Ball Room. Or more appropriately, fell asleep there. There was a gym and restaurant upstairs, along with a sleeping area and lots of comfy chairs to just hang out. I was there for three hours today, but easily could have spent all day there...
4	Bobby b's review is very detailed and covered lots of informationI decided to go there for a groupon special, $10 per person for spa admission instead of their regular $20, but since I purchased the aromatic massage and body scrub the admission fee was waived My skin feels sooooooo smooth and new born after the scrubbing and massaging ,,, me happy :)I will definitely be backThe only reason I am giving it a four star is that the steam rooms were way too hot and there were no icy towels outside them for people's convenience or to avoid people getting a 3rd steam burn ,,, and for the life of me I couldn't find the room with all the wooden tubs as shown in the picturesBut all in all,,, I like this place and will be back whenever I am in town in Vegasanother complaint I have against this place is at the front counter they posted a sign "any purchase with $90 or more receives a free bathrobe".... we purchased two aromatherapy massage and body scrubs, total $240, so when i asked them about the bathrobes (not that our family really need them but since it's offered why not?" and we were told it has to be "gift card purchase of $90 or more"....to me, it didn't make sense... I guess i should have purchased two separate gift cards then spent them on the spa services lolanyways.... next time when i am in town I will totally come back and enjoy a relaxing day =)
5	I found Imperial Spa by accident 5 years ago.  It was one of the best finds ever!Every time I'm in Vegas, this is a must stop.  I love the srub/massage.  My entire body gets so smooth and glows.  The Spa is awesome.  I love spending hours here (sauna, steam room, the waters).  They have a great resting area along with a great dressing area.  The prices are better than the spas in the resorts.This is one of those places that you walk in tired and come out feeling like a newborn.Looking forward to my next visit!
5	I've been to Imperial a couple of times. I'm a fan of the place, but I needed something to compare it to before reviewing. Now that I've experienced a Korean spa in LA, my appreciation for Imperial has increased.You wouldn't expect something so nice in this part of town. The facilities are clean and well-maintained. Imperial Health Spa has everything you need in a Jjimjilbang. The gender-specific sauna areas provide lockers, towels, toiletries, showers, hot/cold tubs, and salt/steam/dry saunas. This is where you start and end your Korean spa experience. We typically just put our things in our lockers (your wristband is your locker key), take a quick shower, change into the provided shirt and shorts, and head up to the second floor.The co-ed space upstairs is the "hangout." You can lounge around and watch Korean TV, get some surprisingly good food in the little restaurant (you charge everything to your wristband), and experience the various rooms. My favorites include the Bulgama room and the clay sauna. The Bulgama is the hottest of the saunas and features eight oven-like structures for you to lie inside. If you've ever wondered how a turkey feels at Thanksgiving, this is your chance. In the clay sauna, you immerse yourself in a bed of hot clay balls. It's awesome once you get used to it. We also enjoy cooling off in the ice sauna in between rounds.When we're done relaxing upstairs, we split back up and go do our things in the naked areas. Oh, did I forget to mention that? In the shower/tub/sauna section downstairs, you're supposed to be clothless. I usually try to use both the steam and dry saunas, as well as the hot and maybe the cold tub. Once my skin is sufficiently tenderized, I do a little self-exfoliation scrubbing. They offer body scrub services (and I hear your skin feels amazing afterward), but I have yet to work that in during a visit.Needless to say, I always feel uber-relaxed after spending a few hours at Imperial Health Spa. Just a word of caution. Don't go here expecting solitude and quiet. Jjimjilbangs are places for friends and families to hang out. It's the perfect place to bring a bunch of friends and just chill for several hours.
5	This is definitly a great spa. If you go, check Groupon first to see if you can get in for $10. They have 2 floors. The top level, they give you some clothes to wear because it is co-ed and kids are also welcome. The first floor is seperated for each gender and while most people go nude, I am very conentional and wear my bathing suit. Its up to you, but dont skip this spa, if you think you have to wear your birthday suit, because you don't. You are allowed to wear a swim suit.I take my daughter with me and we have a great time relaxing together. They also have sleepover rooms on Friday and Saturday, you can spend the night for $30, which is a lot cheaper than any hotel room in Vegas. Check them out!
5	Things to bring:-facial cleanser: unless you want to use the spa supplied body wash for your face.-shampoo, conditioner and body wash:  They do supply this in the shower area, no label but a dispenser with each type is noted.  Therefore, if you use a certain shampoo, conditioner and body wash, do bring your own.  -facial moisturizer: unless you want to use the suave body lotion for your face.-bath salt: they don't offer this for free when request at the front desk anymore.  Things to remember to get from the front desk besides the big towel and bracelet with your locker number/lock attached:-toothbrush-razor-slippersThings to remember to do before going into the sauna/steam room:-small towel, dip it into cold water, and cover your face because these rooms are sure to disorient you without that protection.We saw half of the females in bathing suit and half naked.  We didn't appreciate a group of ladies decided to submerge themselves in the warm bath without taking a shower.  There are signs indicating to shower prior to enjoying the baths but clearly that group did not read.  Gross.  Good thing we had already dipped in that warm bath.After we enjoyed the various baths and steam rooms and saunas downstairs, we head up to the second level (co-ed), and enjoyed all the rooms.  At the jade room, we put on a collagen mask.  After 20 minutes, we skedaddle over to the red clay room.  Looks like a bunch of furnaces, but Debbie and I decided that it's our favorite room.  While we were lying in these furnace like structure, ladies in the two other furnaces decided to socialize to get to know each other.  Again, there are signs posted out front for them to be quiet.    Whatevs.When we got to the red clay balls room, we put on another cucumber mask and after 20 minutes of that, we made it to the final pit stop, the ice room.Afterward, we head back down to the first level and rinse off.  Was a very relaxing 4 hours we spent at this spa.  Will definitely come back.
5	My mom has been trying to bring me here for a long time while always talking up a storm how great it is. Unlike my fellow Koreans, I'm not a big fan of the whole 'let's get naked and have a scrub down after sweating like a hog'. But there was a Groupon that was offered not too long ago - admission for 2 for $20. My mom says that a single admission is around $20. That being said, she immediately bought 6 Groupon vouchers.   Imperial Spa made me a believer! I've been to "the best" Korean health spas but this place definitely takes the cake! Couple reasons why - this place isn't swarming with people (at least when I went on a weekday evening) and the hot rooms as well as the locker rooms are super duper squeaky clean. The building itself is hidden away around Sahara and Maryland. The physical address states Sahara Avenue but you won't find the building driving up or down it.  I had to drive into a small hidden street (or perhaps it was an entrance into a huge lot - I couldn't tell. It was dark!) in order to get to get there. Don't let the area fool you. When you walk in, you'll forget that you're in the backstreets of Sahara and Maryland!Upon walking through the entrance doors, you'll find yourself in a large lobby area with a service desk in the middle. There's a greeter in the front. She was a cute older lady with a big smile on her face. In exchange for my Groupon voucher, she handed my mom and me 3 towels (small, medium and large), t-shirt and shorts as well our locker keys. Apparently you have to ask for slippers, or else they won't give them to you. There's also a basket full of razors and toothbrushes, complimentary of the spa. The entrance way to the locker rooms are located in the lobby. Walking into the locker room I found myself staring at a wall of tiny locker cubbies. Confused, I told my mom that my stuff didn't have a chance of fitting in those. My mom laughed and stated that those cubbies were for our shoes. Whoa! Separate lockers for our shoes. What a fantastic and thoughtful touch! Our actual lockers are located behind the shoe lockers and they were much bigger in size. The locker room is very big, very clean, and very awesome. There are four leather recliner chairs that you can rest in. Around the chairs are countertops with mirrors stocked with q-tips, lotion, hair mousse, hair dryers and hair brushes (these are in sanitizer). At the other end of the lockers is the Salt Room. This is a heated room with marble flooring in which you can lay down and sweat. This particular room is for women only so don't get too frightened when you see naked women walking around! The shower room is also located adjacent to the locker room. Shower room contains the steam and dry sauna, hot tubs and multiple showers equipped with shampoo, conditioner and shower gel. The second floor is the co-ed area. There's a large area with rows of black leather recliners. You can also find massage recliner chairs as well. Hungry much? The Imperial Spa Restaurant offers an array of Korean dishes as well as drinks. I think it's a little pricey compared to what you'd find at Korean restaurants around town. Around the large resting/restaurant area are additional heated rooms. There's a clay room - pits made for two people are filled with small clay balls. Lying in this really relieved a lot of tension in my back and shoulders. I thought this room was the hottest out of all of their rooms. There's also another room that contains what looks like clay ovens. One person can lay down within these clay domes and sweat it out. In addition, there's also the Jade Room where the floor and walls are all marble. The ceiling is coated with clay. There's an aroma that fills the air that really calmed me. I think this was my favorite out of all the heated rooms. I left Imperial Spa feeling rejuvenated. My skin was soft as a baby's bottom. I felt like I was glowing. Thanks, mom - you were right.
5	Idyllic Korean spa. I'm a huge fan of Spa Castle in New York, but next time I'm there I will be closing my eyes and pretending I'm at Imperial Health Spa.
5	Relax, naked, cleaning, refresh body and mind here! Heavenly!
4	WARNING: If you are not a fan of eastern spas DO NOT GO HERE. If you are, then this is the place for you.The Imperial Health Spa has a variety of pools, steam rooms, sauna rooms, and even mineral rooms for meditation. It's not your froo-froo western spa with $50 slippers or extremely plush robes. You will be given an over-sized pair of shorts and t-shirt with rubber slippers that will compliment nothing. This place is massive unlike your typical Burke Williams. Customers range from Americans to wrinkly Korean women doing some kind of Tai Chi from station to station. I love the Herbal Steam Room! There isn't really an official order (pool-sauna-steam-etc) so feel free to roam around and test things out. Upstairs you will find all the mineral and clay sauna rooms. My favorite is the clay ball room. TIP: Bring a towel with you as some of these rooms can get really hot. My favorite is doing some Bikram while in the Jade Room.Massages are decent. Disappointed that they don't do combos. If you find a place that will do it: The best combo is Thai and Shiatsu then end with 15 minutes Swedish.Namaste!
5	This a great Korean spa. Clean, cheap, huge facility including a cafe. Perfect place to spend the day sweating out your sins after a weekend of over-indulgence in the drink and food of Las Vegas. Tons of showers to start with, and all the product you need is provided (shampoo, conditioner and shower gel). Then move on to the dry sauna (disappointingly cold when I was there), Salt sauna, Steam Room, Herbal Steam Room, cold plunge and warm pool. Move to the co-ed area upstairs for Clay Ball Room, Green Jade Room, Red Clay Room - finish in the cold room to slow your her down again. The cafe with great cheap Korean food is there as well. I will definitely go back the next trip I take to Vegas!
4	Very spacious,very clean. Great enjoyment for the price. Not to mention that you can get their spring special like I just did, which is 10 admissions for $120.
5	Best place to relax after a long drive. They have so many different rooms to explore. Definitely will be back on my next trip to Vegas!
5	I got a Groupon for 2 passes to use the spa. We were in Vegas for our Honeymoon and we went on our last day. We only had enough time to use the spa so no massage but dang this is a fancy shindig. What I like is that we were able to cruise together on the second floor, the other spa I went to was completely gender separated. The facility was clean and had room after room of really cool saunas, detox rooms, etc. I wish I had more time to use the facility but should I find myself in Vegas again they will find a returning customer.
5	I had an amazing time here with my two friends! Yelp didn't let me down. I bought the Groupon for a $10 entry and figured I had nothing to lose. Oh. My. Gosh. I was so pleasantly surprised at how fantastic this place was! From the soothing red clay ball room to the gorgeous heated crystal and salt rooms to the herbal steam room to the ice room...it was just warm, beautiful and soothing throughout. I easily spent 5 hours there wandering from room to room with my friends soaking up the ambiance. The dry saunas upstairs such as the red clay ballrooms, the salt room, etc are co-ed and fully clothed areas. The steam rooms,saunas and whirlpools are segregated and clothing optional. They have a hot, warm and cold whirlpool.After my friends left I gave myself a clay facial, hot oil hair treatment and body scrub in this body scrub area they have set aside where the whirlpools are and I was surprisingly comfortable being overweight and nude...that should tell you how nice this place is. :) the bathing area was very unique, with big bowls you place under spigots then pour over yourself. (Or,if you don't enjoy the pleasure of a rush of warm water over your head, they also have shower attachments)It wasn't too crowded (we went at 7pm on a Tuesday) and the energy of the place was just welcoming and soothing...About half the women were nude and half were not,so you have to be pretty comfortable with nudity or get comfortable fast. If you consider going to Massage Envy going to a spa, this might not be for you. They give you a hideous pink getup that looks like you escaped from Gay Guantanamo, lol, so be prepared for that. The shorts didn't really fit me...next time I will bring my own pink pair to wear with the shirt and just hope they don't notice. Also the bath towels are too small for a larger person to completely wrap around themselves, so I would suggest bringing your own towel if, like me, you have some junk in the trunk.  Also, bring a towel with you into the red clay ball room...without one it is hard (and sometimes painful) to get up out of the ball pit...since as you get up your hands can sink past the balls to the super heated marble floor below. They also give you a little facial towel, which I will bring with me next time from room to room to roll up under my neck.They have inflatable pillows,but they are a little too big. We also ate at the little restaurant they had. both of my friends really enjoyed their soup, I opted for the spicy cold noodles...and while the flavor was delicious, I found the consistency of the noodles too difficult to eat. It was like trying to eat tiny bands of elastic...lol. I also tried the sweet rice drink,which I thought might be similar to horchata...but it was actually whole grain rice, sugar and water shaken up in a cup. It was not so good.I went back and ordered a strawberry kiwi smoothie which was delicious. I didn't get a chance to try out their reasonably priced massage chairs...maybe next time:)
1	BEWARE of GIFT CERTIFICATES -Received a gift certificate for the Fullerton spa and was told that is was good at both locations, it even says it on the gift certificate.  So when I tried to use it in Vegas they said they would not allow me to use it.  I asked for an explanation and the women just kept saying "No no good here".  It was weird how she suddenly started to speak broken English and could only repeat the same thing over and over.  What a scam.  Extremely disappointing.
5	I've never been to a Korean Spa before, but after visiting this place, I'm certain that I will be going more often. I came here on a random Thursday morning, and it wasn't busy at all. They have a bunch of sauna rooms. Some of the saunas are designed so that you can take a 10 minute nap and not feel overwhelmed with the heat. I also like that this place has a "chill" room to cool off after coming out of a sauna or a steam room. I loved that they also served food there. I had their KRN beef ribs, and it tasted BOMB! Totally worth it. My friend and I stayed there for 6 hours, the longest we've ever stayed at a spa before. Granted, we did take a 2 hour nap in their nap room. My friend slept in the "yoga room" I paid $10 on a groupon deal that allows me the use their facilities all day long. Worth every penny, and THEN some. If you were to go to ceasers palace for their facilities it would cost $40 bucks for the day pass (still worth it though). If you're in Vegas and trying to recover from a hang-over, check this place out, it'll do wonders.
4	I purchased a Groupon to check this place out and I'm so glad I did! Honestly the outside didn't look that great and the surrounding area is less than to be desired, however - the spa itself was very nice inside! It was clean, relaxing, and there were several rooms to enjoy your sauna. I went with my boyfriend and we were able to enjoy the co-ed area which was so awesome. There are several rooms to relax in and when we were done we ate at the Korean cafe which had really good food! It was a great time at the spa and we will for sure go back!
4	This is my favorite Korea spa. This was also the first Korean spa I went to and they set the bar pretty high. I have since then been to several in Korea town (LA) but imperial is still my favorite.There is one downside- now that imperial is letting people wear bathing suits- it makes me want to go somewhere else. the reason being naked works is because everyone is naked. I feel like the people who are wearing bathing suits are judging the others not in bathing suits. If you don't want to get naked DO NOT GO TO A KOREAN SPA. (so imperial lost one star because bathing suits are allowed now) All the ones in LA do not allow bathing suits. I think primarily people should understand this is more of a BATH HOUSE vs a SPA. This is part of Korean Culture- and the services are wonderful.Korean scrubs are my favorite because they are so thorough- if you are shy work up to going to a Korean Spa and getting a treatment. you will be scrubbed EVERYWHERE- your going to have to be comfortable being touched. The ladies providing the services are in bikinis or shorts because they will be getting wet and are in watery environment. If you have never gone to a Korean Bath House ask a friend who has and go with them so they can show you what to do. Generally- you go check in, go to the locker area- undress and put your shoes away- then go to the bath area and soak in the various hot pools, steam rooms and saunas, -ALWAYS SHOWER BEFORE ENTERING (and if they  have baskets grab one to put any towels or items you brought in)- if you get to hot take a plunge in the cold pool. The facility will provide clothing for you to wear int he co-ed areas where there are several other rooms- jade, ice, clay ball etc. There is an area to eat if you would like to have lunch- also an area to sleep if you get tired. There is a gym and a movie theater area for you to enjoy. I recommend spending the day and really experiencing the bath house.The scrub/massage treatment- you will be scrubbed as stated above, this will follow with a vigorous Asian style based massage, you will have your hair shampooed and conditioned, and will also get cucumbers on your eyes and a face mask. You may be asked to shower a couple times during your treatment to remove scrub. Overall the experience is wonderful and relaxing and I encourage everyone to try-due to the nudity this may not be everyone's cup of tea- but at least you can say you went and had a new experience. tip in cash.
4	It's official.  I'm addicted to Korean spas.My boyfriend schemed with my girl friend to take me here to celebrate some turning points in our lives (grad school acceptance, etc.).  At this point, I had only visted the Wi Spa in LA.  Imperial Spa is HUGE.  It's a little bit hard to find, tucked in the back behind some buildings.  It boasts its own parking lot with plenty of space.When you enter the lobby, you will check in and pay your entrance fee at the desk.  Feel free to inquire about any services you may want, although it is prudent to book these services in advance.  You will be given a numbered electronic key wristband.  Put it on right away to save you from the mistake of accidentally leaving it in your automatically locking locker.  You will also be given shorts, a t-shirt, a small towel, and a big towel.  From there, men and women will enter separate spas through the designated door.When you enter the women's side, you first encounter small lockers for your shoes.  Remove your street shoes and place them in your assigned locker (these are not lockable).  Beyond that point is a "no street shoe policy."You will then come up to a set of larger lockers in which to store your things.  Open the locker by pressing your wristband key up to the reader.  Store your belongings and strip down to your birthday suit.  Feel free to wrap your big towel around you to start to get used to walking around nekkid.  It's also nice to have the towel to set down on benches in the dry sauna/steam room.PRO TIP:  Bring an extra towel for post-spa showering/drying off.From here, take a thorough shower and get squeaky clean.  Your fellow spa patrons will appreciate it.  Then you're free to use all the amenities!  Just remember to rinse off after using the steam/sauna rooms.  A good rule to remember is:  If you sweat, shower.If you're with a co-ed party, put on your provided shorts/t-shirt and meet up in the jiljimbang (co-ed area) to explore the sauna rooms, relax, and eat!Korean spas are WONDERFUL, inexpensive (comparatively), and social.  Even at full price admission ($25/person), it is money well spent for a day of relaxation.PRO TIP:  This is also a SUPERB way to start girls night out.  They have incredible vanity stations where you can do your hair/make-up, also lots of blow dryers.PRO TIP:  Bring your usual shower gear (face-wash, loofah, etc.) to take a proper shower after your spa day.
5	Amaaaaaaazing!  Never been to a Korean Spa before, but we're coming back asap!  Great service, lovely people, beautiful facility, super duper relaxing.  Go go go!  I wish I lived in Vegas- might even start one in my home town!  So amazing.  Pricing was totally tolerable, even good compared to the exorbitant Vegas prices everywhere.
5	Ahhhhhhhhhh. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale.That was going through my mind while we were trying to tough it out in the Herbal Steam Room. Let's rewind a little bit though. The Imperial Health Spa is definitely easy to miss! It is not located ON Sahara because you have to turn onto a little little street in order to get to it. Wherever your Maps tells you it is, turn into there. If it had not been for my best friend's guess, we would've missed that turn. I fancy that it's tucked away though.. like a guilty pleasure.Upon walking in with my best friend, we were greeted by a nice, young man and he asked how he could help us. I informed him that we were looking to purchase day passes and then he started setting us up right away. He took my payment after giving us our pink shorts and shirts, wristbands, towels, and we also asked for slippers. Remember to ask them for some if you did not bring any! After that, he asked if we had been here before or if it was our first time and then he began explaining the process of their Korean spa. He pointed out where the razors and toothbrushes were near the desk and then told us to come back to the front if we needed extra towels. We thanked him and then went on our merry way into the Women's Spa Area. After we walked in, you cannot miss it, shoe lockers. Take your shoes off, put it in the number that coordinates with your wristband/key and throw your little slippers on. Walk more into the area and you will see lockers on the right hand side. These lockers are awesome. Stick your key in, turn it to the right, hear some whirring, and then it opens your locker. After you are done changing.. close your locker, twist the key to the left and remove. Keep this on your wrist at all times.First things first. Walk into the vanity area and through the glass door. On your right hand side will be showers. Take a shower as this is the first of many to prep you for your day. If these showers are ever crowded, there are a few more passed the cold plunge. On the left are squat down showers and on the right are the normal, upright ones. After you shower, go about your spa journey.There are three tubs: cold, warm, and hot. The Warm Tub is the biggest and also the only one with working jets. The rule is that you have to be completely nude in order to use the tubs. Strip off that bathing suit (if you had one on in the first place) and let yourself relax! We started with the warm tub to let ourselves begin to relax. After that, we showered. We then added cold water to our provided facial towels, wrung them, and made our way to the Herbal Steam Room. This one was fun, but boy was it hard to breathe without that towel on your face. What did we do after that? You guessed it. We showered. We went into the dry sauna and hung out in there for a bit before I started getting hungry. We showered off again and then put on our pink outfits to go upstairs to the coed area.There was no one at the counter, but an instruction paper said to ring the bell and we did. A very sweet lady came out and took our order. It took about 10 minutes. I ordered the Ramen and my best friend ordered the Won Ton Soup. We both agreed that our food was delicious and they even cleaned up after you. You don't need money to order the food! They charge it to your locker number, and you pay for that at checkout. Red Clay Ball Room time! Luckily, we had brought our towels with us and laid them on top of the clay balls before we went in because those suckers were definitely warmed up! The pit is big enough for two people, but of course, laying together made us a little rambunctious. Luckily, the only other people in there were a couple who were talking and laughing loudly so they didn't seem to mind us. I did notice the "Quiet Area" sign. Whoops, sorry guys xP Also, the floor is hot! Be careful getting in and out. All of the amenities have signs next to them that advise you on how to properly and safely use their facilities. We entered the Red Clay Room with the red clay domes and attempted to relax, but we were again, too hyper. The floor's hot everywhere, yikes. We took a peek into the Jade Room, but didn't enter because the women in there seemed thoroughly relaxed while doing their bikram yoga and we didn't want to disturb them. We both agreed that we missed the Warm Tub so after taking a peek into the Salt Dry Sauna Room, we showered and went back into the Warm Tub. After that, we took a real shower with our own products and got ready in the Vanity Area. Definitely lots of space. Q-tips, Suave hair products, tissues, and hair dryers are provided.Afterwards, drop everything that doesn't belong to you in the provided hampers if you haven't been doing so along the way, and then give your key back to the receptionist. Go about your night after a beautiful spa day!THANK YOU to all of the Yelpers who wrote tips on their reviews about what to expect. It definitely prepared me for the experience!
5	So this place was so huge and interesting. This place is very well decorated. Also very clean and well priced it was twenty dollars for the whole day.! They have a resturant and a gym and so many rooms to sit and relax in my favorite was the room with the little red clay balls!! It was a very soothing day I can't wait to come back.
4	I loved King Spa in Dallas, and was excited to hear there was a Korean spa in Las Vegas! I had never tried a body scrub, and decided to go for a package deal that included a body scrub, deep tissue massage, and reflexology.  I checked in about an hour before the appointment, but was asked if I could move up my appointment 30 minutes. I was fine with that, but since you have to soak in the hot tubs for around 15 minutes before your appointment starts, most of my time after putting everything in my locker was spent in the hot tub before my appointment. Why does this matter? Well, they give you a nice shampoo and conditioner in your hair during your spa treatment, so I didn't want to try the steam rooms after my appointment since my hair would need to be washed again from getting steamed and sweated over. I still was able to enjoy the facilities, but thinking about it now, I would have liked extra time to relax more before the appointment.For those that are new to Korean spas, in most of them, you will be enjoying the facilities in your birthday suit in the gender-specific areas. There are co-ed areas, usually different saunas, that you will be wearing the pajama-like clothes they give you at check-in. At Imperial Spa, they've modified it a bit so that you can wear a bathing suit to the gender-specific areas except the hot tubs. When I went on a Friday late afternoon, it wasn't too crowded, and everyone in the women's area was either in their pajama outfit to go to the co-ed room, or naked.On to the spa treatment. For those that like more "relaxation" time massages and scrubs, this isn't it! The scrub was very scratchy feeling, and a little painful. It felt kind of like someone was scrubbing me with a brillo pad. Almost every surface of your body will be scrubbed, rinsed, then scrubbed again. The hair treatment came afterward, which left my hair nice and soft. After rinsing in the showers, I was escorted to the massage rooms, where the deep tissue massage/reflexology combo treatment started. With kidney-crushing pressure, my muscles were rolled and kneaded into submission. I spent a few hours afterwards using the various saunas, alternating between the hot sauna and the cold room. This area is co-ed, so suit up in your ugly pink pajama pants and top! I brought both my towels with me so it wouldn't be too hot laying on some of the hot surfaces, such as the clay balls in the clay ball room.I also tried some food in the kitchen. I was disappointed they ran out of seafood pancake (Haemul Pajeon), so I decided on the kimchi fried rice. It was made fairly quickly, and was a huge portion, but it was very hot (Almost sauna-like) in the eating area, which made it unappealing to eat hot, spicy, fried rice. I asked if I could bring the food to the air-conditioned bar area, but in an apologetic tone, The cook/owner(?) explained that people complain about the smell of the food so it isn't allowed outside the dining area. She did turn the fan on, but when there's no cool air in the room whatsoever, a fan just blows hot air around. Deciding against sweating while eating, I ate a little bit, then boxed it up to take back. The kimchi fried rice itself was OK, but the price was a bit high for me (~$13-14). Maybe if I go back I'll try a cool food or a smoothie.Check out was easy. Any extra charges are put on your locker number. As for tip, the massage/scrub therapist will give you an envelope, and you can put cash in it, or you can charge the tip to your account up front. I found my therapist afterwards and handed a cash tip to her directly.I'm not sure if I'll go for a scrub or massage again, but I'd definitely like to get a day pass here to relax in the steam rooms, hot tubs, and saunas. My skin does feel smoother and softer after the scrub, but I'm not sure it was worth enduring being scrubbed until it feels like your skin is raw (It wasn't, but it felt like it while I was getting the scrub done)!
5	love love love my experience here!!!  I am a amassage therapist and am always trying to find good places to relax.  It was my first experience at a Korean Spa... I'll leave the experience a suprise for you :)Joandra & NItty were amazing!!  That is it...
5	This place is simply amazing!! total body and mind relaxation at its best!! It actually feels great to walk around naked and not care, totally liberating.
4	I came across this spa on Groupon and read a lot of great reviews on yelp so I decided to take a gamble.  First I want to thank everyone for your prior reviews, it really helped me know what to expect.  The experience was Fabulous.  This was my first time to a Korean Spa and will be back.  It was the highlight of my trip.  For the price the experience can't be beat.  I was there on a Wednesday afternoon and it didn't seem that busy.  Loved the clay ball room, make sure to take a towel with you and also ask for sandals (flip flops) many of the room have hot floors.
5	If you need a spot to get away from it all....look no further!For a mere $20 (or less with coupons available on various sites) you have access to their facilities where you can relax and detox until they shut off the lights and security drags your naked ass out to the parking lot.  Paolo D, Regina P, David S and Julie S all give very helpful and detailed reviews on how it'll all go down so you should read them.  I have a few things to add:- Bring flip flops.  They didn't supply them for me and I walked around barefoot the whole time.  It wasn't bad but I was running out of a couple of the sauna rooms really quickly since the floor was hot.   - No option for bathing suits.  You will be naked with everyone else.  I am very near sighted so everyone looks like they've been blurred out for public television.- Be VERY careful when getting into one of the beds in the red clay ball room.  It's like walking on a hundred marbles and the floor is not forgiving.  I wiped out pretty bad and strained my MCL.  My doctor said I'll be fine in a week.  Thanks to all that laughed at me (wife included).  I am going butt in first the next time.  - The signs say to use each sauna on the 2nd floor for 3-7 minutes.  You can definitely do a little longer than that.  But one guy fell asleep in the red clay ball room (you could hear him snoring) and I am guessing he was in there for a solid hour.  He looked like a total disaster when he came out.  Stay hydrated!- I never do this but I paid $1 for the 3 minute massage chairs.  There were 2 types.  One was the standard massage which was decent and the other was the "slimming massage chair" which was ridiculous.  The latter just started shaking your butt from left to right, up and down like you were going through terrible airplane turbulence and it also crushed your calves.  Definitely avoid that one.I know it sounds like I am just complaining but there's a lot to like about Imperial.  The steam rooms are great.  I enjoyed sitting in the sheer heat of the herbal steam room only to jump into the cold tub as soon as I got out.  It felt so refreshing! I still think it's a wonderful place that I will be coming back to repeatedly despite my injury.
4	Originally I thought this spa was going to be like an American spa. However, it was a Korean spa. So, ladies... get use to nudity.So I came here two weeks ago and had the La Belle package. It was great! I had this therapist name Nitty. She was AWESOME!!! She did my body polish and massage. She was very knowledgeable and a therapist. The body scrubbing was intense, however after the procedure you are going to feel great in your skin. After the body wrap, I got my massage. Nitty was great. She did a great deep tissue massage. After the whole session, I felt relaxed and super refreshed. I definitely would come back again when I'm in Vegas!
5	By far the best swedish massage I've ever had. They get pretty close to your lady parts and you can't be shy, they're gonna stay with you in the room as you undress (I guess you could request they step out for a second) but MAN Jenny rubbed all the crap out of my muscles, I left feeling loose as a noodle. The rest of the spa is included in the cost of the massage, but I'd save my money if you want to go for just that.
5	I am a HUGE fan of this place! I cant believe I waited so long to go back. If you want a high-price spa facility experience for $20, check this place out. They don't have the fancy robes or staff to kiss your butt like they do at the on-strip properties. But, they do have all of the same awesome amenities (and more) than the on-strip properties minus all the snobby people that go on-strip. It is very casual here and I like that. My most recent trip: I got a back facial. It was very relaxing and well worth the $110. That also included the price of admission. I used the hot tub, showers, steam rooms, dry sauna room and I spent a decent amount of time in the clay ball room. Food: Wonton soup was AWESOME! I also had some Ginger tea that I have been craving since I left.
5	My first Korean spa experience and it was amazing.  Love love love the salt dry sauna and herbal sauna.  Relaxing getaway, sweat, soak, shower and nap all day!  You get your own comfy wear and there are separate male/female, co-ed facilities.  Very clean, well kept, and not over crowded.
5	This is my first Korean spa experience, and I loved it. My favorites are the red clay ball room, the red clay dome room, and the ice room. This is a great experience if you just want to go somewhere away from the strip and relax. I will definitely visit again the next time I am in Vegas. Highly recommend.
5	I stumbled upon this place THANKS to Living Social coupon. Wow a hidden treasure in my city I live in and not to far, that's all I have to say! I walked in and let the front desk person know it was my first time at a Korean Spa, she gave me all the info I would need for a wonderful experience. You won't be shy because every one in there was so relaxed, which made it easy for me to enjoy my experience. I went in all the rooms, showered after each one. I really enjoyed the clay balls & the ice room which was the last room I went in. Then I went back to the woman's area and took a nap in the quiet lounge. (the rooms were all clean to the maximum). I left feeling clean & purified as never before. Well worth the small price! Can't wait to share with my family & friends. Next time I will have tea & soup after reading the other reviews.I plan to come here once a month, if not more often! Again, Thanks to Living Social a new place to add to my list of things to do!
5	My friend and I went with some hesitation due to the wet areas being fully nude but got over it quick.  The facility is very clean & modern.  The staff were attentive & informative. We ate at the eatery there.  The person doesn't know much English so just look at the pictures or order what you know for Korean food.  I ordered the spicy beef soup & my friend ordered the tofu soup.  They both were good & the sides were good too.I got the 90 min. deep tissue & Swedish massage from Mark.  He was really good & worked on all my knots.  I stop getting deep tissue cause I bruise and of course, I'm bruised but he is really good.  Next time I'll just go with my hot stone massage.We will definitely go back as the prices are reasonable & the facility is immaculate. FYI...the building is not visible from Sahara.  It's behind the office building.
4	I owe groupon my gratitude for introducing me to this Korean spa. Me and three of my gfs decided to check this place out due to the 2 entry for $20 groupon deal. Regularly, it would cost $20 per entry but they also have a 12 for $120 deal going on. Upon walking in, you're given towels, an oversized tee and shorts, and a key with a designated locker number for your shoes and belongings. Be sure to ask for slippers if you didn't bring any. Also, there's a basket at the counter filled with razors and toothbrushes up for grabs. First floor is gender separated and nudity is strongly advised. There are hot, warm (with jets), and cold tubs. There's also a steam room, an herbal steam room, a hot dry sauna, and a salt sauna room that reminded me of the setup of a bikram yoga class. It was pretty hot in each of them but definitely tolerable. Be sure to use the sit down showers or stand up showers to rinse off after each use of an area before dipping into another.Up stairs is co-ed. There's a bunch of massage chairs in front of a tv and different rooms alongside a gym room. My favorite was the red ball clay room. I recommend bringing a towel to lay on because those balls were pretty hot. Also, proceed with caution since those tiny, unassuming balls are slippery. We also enjoyed the ice room and probably spent most of our time there. It was just like a huge freezer and probably the only room we felt like we could talk. What you do in the rooms for the most part though, is pretty simple: lay or sit down in silence.We didn't get to try the food but they seemed to offer a variety of choices alongside coffees, smoothies, and teas. Prices for food averaged to $10 and up.In all, for the price you pay to use all those facilities, it really is a bargain. If you want massages, scrubs, facials, or treatments, they offer those as well for additional fees. I was set out to have a relaxing time and that was what I got at the end of the day. I left feeling calm and rejuvenated-couldn't have asked for more.
5	If your not shy, this place is the perfect answer to people who enjoy a spa experience. This is the place to go, to unwind and relax for a few hours, especially if you are on a budget. I love love love, that for only $20 a day you can stay as long as you like and use all of their general services which include soaking pools (hot, warm, ice), wet saunas and dry saunas, yoga room, lounge areas with tv, and a small cafeteria which also includes a small terrace.  Beside that you can for additional charges get a full body wrap, massage, facial etc.This is my little oasis get away!
4	There was a failed attempt to include a trip to this spa in a bachelorette party I was throwing, but instead of relaxing at a spa, I decided to get blackout drunk twice in one day and sleep during Penn and Teller. Then the night before I actually went here to the spa I had a 7am night stemming from Hakkasan. Before I get myself forcibly admitted to Betty Ford, let's just say if you need a place to detox by choice, Imperial Spa does the trick, and is an excellent place to nurse a killer hangover. Being a Korean spa virgin, I didn't know what to expect and still feel like I probably did it all wrong. The front desk worker does not show you around, so it's kind of trial by fire and I felt real stupid walking I around upstairs in my bathing suit and a towel. Wear your little outfits that they give you, friends. Favorites were the clay ball room, laying I the different little pits, and the ice room, pretending I was in a place with actual seasons. I'm sure my friend and I annoyed all the other patrons by having a monopoly on that ice room all day and having some really intense conversations in the little fridge....sorry that I'm not sorry. I also had some food. I picked what was going to make want me throw up the least being still very hungover at 3pm, and it did the trick--beef fried rice. The cook is such a sweet lady! I'm probably not going to seek a return visit but it was still fun and a cool experience.
3	Had some major back pain after a weekend trip to Cali and decided to book a massage here.The staff told me to arrive about ten minutes beforehand. I paid upon entry and was given the standard shorts/shirt to change into. My massage therapist was prompt and picked me up at the exact time for which I was scheduled. I stripped naked and she placed a sheet over me and worked on a full body massage over the sheet. Half way through she repeated the same massage with lotion and regular contact. The massage was great... Jenny made sure to check in and find out if the pressure was too hard. She seemed to really focus on my tight back spots and I felt better afterward.Following my massage, I enjoyed the hot salt room adjoined to the ladies locker room, the women's jacuzzi, and even the wet salt room... Which was... Breathtaking. Literally, I don't think I stayed in there five minutes... Breathing was a little too challenging!Afterward, I showered and surprisingly found the shower and supplied shampoo/conditioner to be quite good! I have thick hair and am always nervous about getting a good conditioner, but this one did the trick and got the knots out. I checked out the upstairs clay ball room but did not go in (next time). I was disappointed to find there wasn't anyone manning the restaurant upstairs as I might have indulged in a late night dinner...The overall experience was good... $90 for a 60 min massage. I booked and was able to get in on the same day and two days later my back pain has substantially subsided. I was freaked out when I entered... Sketchy dude on his bike asked if he could come in and join me... But knowing this Vegas neighborhood isn't the greatest... I just think that's par for the course.The spa was clean but not quiet and serene as others I have been to (MHotel, Venetian, and Green Valley Ranch). I could hear people outside during my massage and while in the hot salt room. And there were TVs playing odd channels in the lady's locker room... A bit distracting from an otherwise serene experience. Still, it was convenient and had the essentials so I would go back.
4	Everyone's nakie.Little odd at first but this is vegas and all so i'm used to this sort of thing.Didn't get a massage or anything but lounged around in the common area for a few hours.  I like those clay ball coffins.  The balls really get into your muscles and ease the tension on out.The womens area was rad.Hot tub is really hot!Had a nice time w my gfs going btwn the wet saunas and the tubs.Great way to spend a day unwinding.I'll be back.   I hear good things about scrubs.
5	This place is a heaven. An absolute heaven. It's a flat fee for unlimited use of the premises, which are absolutely beautiful and very clean. Marble floors, marble walls, leather barcaloungers. The hot rooms are my favorite, especially the room with the heated clay balls. It's an adult version of the ball pit at Chuck E. Cheese, minus the snot. Bonus: the heat gives you a legit natural high, which you can bask in as you watch Korean soap operas in the lounge. You can add treatments & massages if you like. Downstairs is the woman only spot, where you get naked. I loved the showers where you sit. Used those multiple times, as is proper etiquette.Is it weird that hanging out here with my best friend naked all day is now among my top 3 memories? Maybe. I am really bummed that on my next visit I won't be able to come here, because I am with child & the hot rooms are a big pregnant lady no-no. I mean, sanctity of motherhood, beauty of life, blah blah etc., but I want, I NEEEEEED Imperial Health Spa.
4	Came here with the groupon. It was $20 for two people admission. There are many possibilities of how you can spend your day. First floor (past the reception desk) locker rooms (you wear your electronic key on your wrist), dry sauna, pools, steam rooms. My favorite on the first floor was the herbal steam room (so fresh!) and the hot pool. There are several groups of showers, some sitting, some standing. There are toothbrushes, toothpaste, shampoo/conditioner and body wash. There's water (hot or cold0 to drink. The signs say no clothing but i did see girls in bikini bottoms. It seems as though you can undress to whatever level you're comfortable. Towels were available. Downsides to the first floor: it's very humid. No phones or electronics. No food or drink (even water? in a steam room?). Only one pool has jets (the warm pool, not cold or hot). There was a tv in the hot tub area but it didn't seem to work. Maybe bc of the humidity. Upsides: you could spend all day on the first floor. Large, spacious, I never felt crowded. Modern, updated. Second floor: there are about 6-8 treatment rooms ringing two lobby areas, a dining area and bathrooms. There are also private/paid/extra treatment rooms. One room was just a yoga clip playing with some available mats. A few others: jade clay room (no clay visible? just seemed like a hot room), ice room (not that icy), infrared/red clay room (little clay domes you slide into and rest in), red clay ball room (like a sandbox/cat litter tray you climb into, with red clay balls, pinkish rocks [looked like himalayan sea salt?] or white flat rocks). They recommend you spend 3-7 minutes in a treatment, then 30 minutes resting. You can rest on a variety of seating options: stadium cushy recliners, loveseats, massaging chairs (coin op) or loungey bed things like what you  might see at a pool. There was one Asian channel tv playing and one American tv playing. The remote is up for grabs. We were forced to watch Spike for awhile but did also see some HGTV and Food. So basic cable. Even if you never went into a single treatment room or bought anything they were selling, the $20 would be well spent if you just wanted a comfy, quiet place to sit with WIFI and a tv. We had early checkout from our hotel (11am) and spent 6 hours here, no problem. Eat before you go in and lounge. It's a great place to just be.
5	I've never been to a spa before. I'll do a quick review of the place itself first and then explain my experience for anyone who cares.All I have to say is that I don't really understand the concept of a spa like this lol but it was still enjoyable.So basically the place has different rooms to relax in with varying heat levels.It's $20 for all day admission.It's all about relaxing and distressing your body in a clean and calm area.There is a restaurant, a few different Sauna rooms, place to watch tv, and even a place to exercise. There is a fully stocked hygiene type area with shampoo, lotion, and hair products, for getting ready. Aside from those amenities you can get massages at an additional cost.Overall it's super clean. The staff is super nice. And the place is large. So if you want a place to go to to just lounge around and relax for a few hours then I'd say to check this place out. Okay so here's how it works! I feel like saying this because I had no idea "what to do here" so hopefully this helps those first timers.There are two floors. The bottom is gender specific and the upstairs is for both.After you pay you are given a wrist band. This is used to open your locker and also to charge your food or drinks since you pay when you leave.You enter through a a male or female side, put your shoes away in the shoe locker, then you are at a locker room area. There are TV's and chairs to watch TV away from the women and is where you out your stuff. In the men's side there are a bunch of showers. Sitting showers, standing, cold or hot. Then a big "hot tub" type pool and a cold one, and then 4 saunas. There's a dry sauna, two steam saunas, and another dry heat type sauna room. I don't dig saunas so I don't really have an opinion on these.Oh yea! Everyone is basically nude down here so don't be bashful. I was a bit apprehensive at first but you really have to get over it to enjoy yourself.Basically the only time you HAVE TO be fully nude is to enter the pools. It's all about hygiene so you shower nude and then get in the poop nude. This was really actually one of the more relaxing things.Can't say much about the saunas.Anyways upstairs!Then upstairs you must wear the little outfit they provide which include shirt, shorts, and sandals.There's two TV areas, a restaurant that also serves smoothies and teas, an exercise room, the private Massage rooms, a yoga area, and the "saunas. The restaurant seems expensive but hey if the food is good who cares. The rooms are all different in what material they are made out of and how hot they are. I honestly hate being hot so my favorite parts weren't related to the saunas so much.The stand out rooms were the ice room and the red clay room.The red clay room has these small red clay balls that you lay in and also these clear rocks that you can lay in. I preferred the balls and this was our favorite room. The balls felt very therapeutic when you lay on them or stepped on themThe idea is to just lay there and relax but the whole process of getting into a pit with tiny clay balls is really loud.The second favorite room for me was the ice room. It's a freezing cold room. My cup of tea for the hangover I was having.You use these sauna rooms for 3-7 minutes, drink some water, and relax for 30 minutes and try out the other rooms. I'm not sure the purpose of each room but basically whatever floats your boat then go to the room!That's basically it. Idk if I'd go again but it was cool to experience. Maybe if there were different explanations to the rooms and their therapeutic benefits then I'd have been more into it but sitting in hot rooms isn't my thing. If you do it the right way there are about 5 of those dry sauna rooms so in 45 minute cycles you could easily spend a few hours here.
4	First I'll say that if you're afraid of nudity, stay home by yourself. The place is slightly out of the way from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The staff is courteous and checking in was a breeze. They give you a bracelet and send you to your respective male or female locker room. Upon entering the locker room, the first thing you do is remove your shoes and put them in a separate locker. I wish they were locked but they're not. I suggest going there with ratty shoes so no worries if they're taken. After storing your shoes, you proceed to your locker number and insert the key attached to your bracelet, strip off your clothes, shower and being to relax in the steam room, choice of a few saunas, cold plunge pool or lounge chairs.The place was clean and one of the steam rooms had herbal infused steam.Upstairs there's food, a cold room, hot clay room, jade room, etc. It's fun to check all of them out. I recommend bringing a pair of flip flops.I recommend going with others. It's a great way to spend an afternoon.
5	This is the paradise...  I don't know any other place dose Korean style body scrab.  I can stay all day here...
4	Love coming here after a long day of work! So relaxing snd foods great as well. Very clean too
5	Best spa in Vegas as far as having a facility with a wide variety of different things to do!  Herbal steam room, salt steam room, sauna, whirlpools, cool pools, showers, Jade Room, Red Clay Dome room, Red Clay Ball Room, Ice Room, Jewel Room, recliners to watch Korean Dramas on!  I love this place and can spend literally all day here.  The only thing that sucks is their restaurant.  The food is way overpriced and it is NOT GOOD!  Sundubu tastes like water. I can make way better Dukbokki and I'm not even friggin' Asian.  I do recommend the shaved ice though.
5	ten star all the way....my friend and i come here regularly..the infra red clay balls just are heavenlythe clay huts are so soothing..clean, relaxing and pure bliss....thank you for having the best spa ever
5	We were denied at the Encore for a day spa, ended up here instead based on reviews.  Off the path in many ways.  Turned out to be a an amazing treasure!  As other reviewers have said,  if you're affraid of nudity do not go.  Make sure you bring your own blow dryer and curling irons.  I did not see those.  Be open to a new experience and you will love it! An authentic bath house experience! !
5	If I ever go back to Vegas, I'm definitely returning to the place.  Best part of my weekend in Vegas.  Staff is friendly, establishment is clean, and experience is so relaxing.  We spent about 3 hours here.  First two hours was split between the mens' wet areas (whirlpool, cold pool, sauna and steam) and the co-ed relax rooms (Clay ovens and marble beds).  Final hour was a body scrub and massage.  Never had the body scrub before...borderlines on pain as it feels like being scrubbed with sandpaper.  But left skin feeling great and the massage was the perfect way to finish it.  Best bargain in Vegas for $140 all in ($20 admission, $100 body scrub/massage, $20 tip).
5	Had the acupressure massage which was painfully amazing. Looks a bit institutional but has some great services and saunas. Prices are also affordable.
5	Best value in Vegas when it comes to spas.  It is a Korean Spa.... so, full nudity in gender designated locker rooms.  Most guys my age are OK with this but if you have a problem  getting in a hot tub , steam room or taking a shower naked I suggest you stay at home.  If you are not sure about something, ask someone.  Most are very friendly, but mind their own business.  You are there to relax, soooo...RELAX!  Staff is excellent, very friendly.  You have to do the red clay balls on the second floor.  Make sure you wear your clothes up there, it's coed.
4	It is not that bad, but if you are korean, dont expect same level as real korean sauna. It is not as good as real Korean sauna. but the spa and stone room was great... Go to groupon and buy a ticket first. Its 12bucks for one person.
5	Wow imperial spa is heaven not too far from strip. BUT a world or two away. Total relaxation with hot spas. Saunas..yoga class.  My favorite was the red clay sauna. I loved lying in a bed of small red clay balls inside sauna. They say it's great from detoxing and stress release. I feel totally relaxed and have a weight off my shoulders. Just wished I had found this earlier. Kept seeing the Groupon but ignored it as I thought it was in the imperial palace...staff is lovely. We were greeted by a lovely woman who gave us a warm welcome. Next time I will bring extra Towels and bottle water. Oh and there's a cool quiet and dark  room which I enjoyed as well. I don't get much peace and quiet. Got it at imperial spa
1	All of the hot tubs and sauna rooms were very clean and it was great being able to take your time At each room. The food at the lounge was very tasty and the chef was very nice. It took a bit long for the food to come out since it seemed that she was the only one in the kitchen and taking orders. I paid for the full body scrub and massage and was very disappointed. I understand that the scrub might not be something you would think of as relaxing experience but I did not expect to be laying in a cold room while the lady scrubbed me down. Their wasn't any music in the background and another thing is that when the scrub was over I thought I would be in a different room finishing off the massage part of it. I was wrong . She threw water on the bed where she had just gave me a scrub and she asked me to lay their for my massage . I was very cold and not relaxed at all. I was happy with how she did the scrub but it isn't set up very well. I feel that the price would not have been a problem of the end massage was a calm relaxing experience. But it wasn't.
5	I've visited this spa a few times and always recommend it when friends and family come to town. Today, I recommended this spa to a friend visiting, he LOVED the massage with Tyler. He gets frequent massages and says this she was fantastic, one of the best ever, and he booked himself for another massage during his visit. I will be heading back there soon too!
4	Bought the 2 people admission on Amazon Local for $19 (cheaper than groupon) I came during the day so there wasn't a lot of people. They give you a key, you drop your shoes off in the locker and head onto another locker area where you strip down and put all your stuff in. The 3 pool in the woman sauna was hot, warm, and cold. I was disappointed that the pool, it was small (fit maybe at most 6 people) and it didn't look like it was filtering much. Again, not complaining because there wasn't a lot of people.The woman floor had a wet sauna, salt sauna, herb sauna, a dry salt sauna, and a sleeping area near the locker. They provide razor, toothbrush, tooth paste, 2 shared hair brush (cleaned in a UV toaster machine), 1 blow drier to share, lotion, hair spray, q-tips, and they have shampoo, condition, and body wash (that smells really good btw)When you get upstairs, it offers less--- a red domn room, a red bead room, ice room, salt room, fitness machine, 2 tv room, 1 cafe room, 1 room to do Yoga?, and that was it. Some room' floors are HOT, so remember to ask for slipper at the front desk where you paid.Food there was expensive. I ordered the beef noodle and there was only 2 shredded meat in the bowl. It didn't taste that good either. $12.81 --- I suggest eating before you come or bring your own food and sneak it inside.Great deal only if you buy deals online.
5	Yesterday I participated in a SPARTAN SUPER Race which was 9 + miles running climbing jumping crawling in a gravel pit with alkali mud rocks stones sand etc.Today my buddy recommended a trip here in Las Vegas to a Korean business called Imperial Spa. This is a fantastic experience! I'm writing this laying in a stone bed of heated clay marbles, just after a full body exfoliation/moisturization then massage. The guy that worked on me said "much dead skin". I knew that when sunlight hit my legs waiting for a table at breakfast.Exfoliation here is akin to sanding paint off a car!He wasn't shy on the massage either. The largest muscles in the body are the glutes and I can affirm a Spartan Race abuses them fully. All of my previous massage therapists were shy in this area, not A Korean with over 20 years experience , thank you!It took some getting over my modesty when in the men's saunas but steam works wonders in more ways than one.Read the other YELP reviews, one details everything a first timer needs to know.This was a fantastic first experience.@SpartanRace @MannColonel #rejuvenated #recovered #spartan
4	This was my third time visiting the Imperial Health Spa.  I bought a single person pass from GROUPON for $12.00.   You can stay all day and enjoy the facilities upstairs and downstairs.O.K.  First things first.   The downstairs area is separated by sex.  Men go in one room, women go in another room.   The pools, jacuzzi, steam rooms, saunas are ALL NUDE!  No bathing suits, no clothes.   So if you're super shy - this is NOT the place for you.The place is very clean and the people are very nice.   I'm a big lady (200 lbs) so I was a little nervous at first about the "nude" part, but nobody made me feel uncomfortable about my size.    I love the jacuzzi pool (warm) (largest of the three pools).  They also have a hot pool and a cold pool.My absolute favorite is the HERBAL STEAM ROOM.   Smells so good and feels wonderful.Upstairs is CO-ED.   When you check into the spa they give you towels, slippers, and a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.   You wear the shorts/t-shirt upstairs.They have a place to eat, but I haven't eaten there -- too pricey for me.
5	First time visit today! It was so relaxing! Very clean and organized. The woman's only area had a great selection of heated and not heated tubs with multiple steam rooms and saunas. The coed area had an even larger selection. I loved bouncing between the clay room and the Ice room.... Yes the uniforms are odd but it's normal for a Korean spa..... Oh and if your expecting a "relaxing time" if you are getting a scrub treatment it doesn't really work like that.... It Korean and traditional it's going to be rough.... I will be going again!!
4	Great massage and day spa.  A bit off the strip but much more affordable.
4	Exfoliation, hot sauna, clay bath, cold plunge, meditation, massage...yes please and thank you!
5	I have to admit it took a little getting over all the nakedness. Once I got past that point, I was comfortable and really enjoyed my stay there. It was very relaxing and the hours I was there seemed to move very quickly and I didn't want it to end.
5	I love this place. It is a relaxing space to relieve stress and tense muscles. I feel so much lighter whenever I leave !!I definitely recommend trying it out and make sure to buy the groupon that's available!!!
1	I read the review for this spa and it sounded great. However when I called to make an appointment all the prices were substantially higher than what was written. I told the girl on the phone the prices that I saw a written in the reviews and she continued to argue with me and then hung up.
2	The body scrub was rushed and took less than 20minutes.  The massage was then done right after, on the same scrub table, with towel laid down on damp surface.  The facial was great by Olga, nice, calm and soothing enviroment. For the package was $250. Do not recommend massage because of it being done in scrub room. The whirlpool and sauna area are nice but bathingsuit not an option. If you are not comfortable being naked than don't go.
4	I love this place! My girlfriend and I have come here twice after a long weekend in the sin city. Great place to detoxify after a drunken party weekend in Vegas!! The herbal steam room is amazing; you can really feel it clearing you out and relaxing your muscles. All of the dry saunas in the common area are great, especially the red clay ball room. All of the showers, saunas, and pools are clean an well kept. Even though I'm walking around in front of strangers in the nude, I still feel really comfortable. Everyone is nice and accommodating. If in doubt as to where to go next in a Korean Spa just watch the others or just ask!
5	I love, love, love this spa! Where else can you get an all day pass to a very clean spa in Vegas for only $20?! Sometimes, Groupon will have specials where you can grab an awesome deal for an even lower price! When you enter, they provide you with a shirt, shorts, 3 different towels, shoes and a locker. You change into whatever you want to wear and you can start using the facility!Downstairs is the separated area- men's in the other corner, women in the other side and upstairs has the co-ed and restaurant facility.The women's section downstairs has hot tubs, different types of saunas and a shower area. My favorite sauna in the women's section is the dry salt sauna. Each room tells you what each element does for your body. The dry salt helps with your metabolism and your skin looking young and fresh! When you walk upstairs, you have to wear the outfit they provide for you since it's a co-ed area. They have red clay balls where you literally sink your entire body and you swear off all the bad toxins in your body. They also have a jade room sauna where soaking off the jade in your body helps your metabolism and skin. To end off sweating in the saunas, you go in the cold room to close all your pores!This place is so relaxing. You can stay here for as long as they stay open... all for $20! Amazing. Where else can you get a better deal?!
4	Decided to try this highly rated spa.This review is from someone that is new to spas.The area around this building seems a little ghetto so if you can, please park your car near the building and DO NOT leave any valuables in your car.  I saw glasses in the parking lot which indicates a break-in has occurred or someone got locked in their car.The cost is $20 for one entryYou can bulk by 10 passes for $120 ($12 / entry)Greeted by a very friendly lady and she explained the process which there wasn't much of.  Basically, take a shower, go to rooms, take a shower, leave.They hand you a slipper, change, towel and a key to your locker.Entrance for men and women are separate.Once you go in, you need to take off your shoes and wear their slippers only.Then you go to your locker where you store your clothes and belongings.REQUEST - When multiple people come in at the same time, can you guys separate their locker locations?  The people around me were awkwardly saying "excuse me" and trying to get by eachother since all our lockers were near by.The ShowerYes, people are walking around naked and people get naked as soon as they go in.  Yes, ass naked with their wieners hanging out.  People are all taking shower in the same room and they are chatting in the tub.  It's very strange at first, but you just look away from others and start taking a shower.  They provide a tooth brush, shaving cream and a plastic shaver.  There is a mirror in front of every shower so you can see yourself taking a shower.  There's the usual shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel.  Dry yourself off with the towel before you leave.Outside the shower, there is everything from dryer, brush, body moisturizer, after shave, etc.The SaunaUpstairs (co-ed), there are many rooms.Exercise Room - A few bike machines and a mirror to stare at yourself.  Would've been nice if they had weights.Community Room - Many people sitting on massage chair to sleep or watch TVIce Room - It's just a giant freezer.  Why?Iron/Magnesium Room - Just a hot room to lie down in.Clay Room - Very hot room and you lie down in a coffin like placeYoga Room - Seems like a room where you're supposed to meditate?? Room - A room with a bunch of rocks or beads on the ground to lie down on.  Work Room - Just a room with a bunch of tables and chairs so you can work or eat.Wifi is provided.Water is free.  There is a water dispenserThere is a random korean food menu too I guess in case you want to be there the whole day.All in all, did I enjoy it?It was a new experienceI sweated a lot.I can't say I feel extremely relaxed or detoxed like I've read, but I'd probably do it again when I'm feeling like I want to take a break from Vegas.
5	Every few months, I'd treat myself to this place. Was just there two weeks ago, and it was divine! As a Las Vegas local, going to Imperial on a weekday is absolutely the most relaxing thing to do. Not only can I get full use of every feature the spa has to offer, I'd also grab some food and get a massage to top my spa day off. The last time I was there, I had one of the best massages ever! Their massage therapist, Bruce, gave such a relaxing massage I didn't want it to end. It felt like weeks of work stress just melted away. I can't wait to get some time off work to hit the spa and get my massage again!!
5	I was in Vegas with 5 girlfriends for Memorial Day  Weekend 2014,  we wanted to do a Spa day, and I had found a groupon for $10 bucks each.  We really didn't know what to expect for $10 none of us had every been to a Korean Spa.  It was an amazing experience! This turned out to be one of the highlights of the weekend.  It was kind of tucked away off the strip so a little hard to find even with the GPS but not too bad.  When we arrived we were given a top, bottoms and shower shoes to wear and a locker key. It is very clean.   We had brought our bathing suites but as it turned out you're not allowed to wear them into the pools or spas "yep"  you go bear bottom in the ladies area and wear their issued uniforms in the co-ed sections.   You shower before entering into the pools and after the steam rooms or saunas.  They have a super hugh hot Jacuzzi cold Jacuzzi, and a mild Jacuzzi, there is also a herbal and salt steam room, and a sauna, they have lounge chairs and bathing areas both Korean and American style showers,  you really don't need to bring anything because everything is provided.  They are also lounge areas for relaxing,  upstairs are various rooms that include the Clay balls and some type of crystal rocks, and a ice room there were other rooms both these are the ones that we tried.  It was an awesome day and we will visit each time we're in Vegas.  I'm also going to try the location in LA. I live in the San Francisco area... so if anyone knows of one in our area please review it so I can find it.
5	i'm in love! wow omg this is my honey comb hideaway. Their are lots of places nearby to eat also. It's off the beaten path so it's my definition of in the CUTS :)
5	I don't go to spa's too often, but this one was pretty nice and clean.  They had a decent locker room and many different options to hang out and sweat.  Dry sauna's, steam room, herbal steam room, cold spa, hot spa, clay balls to lay in, tomb style clay rooms, yoga area, sleep area, lounge area with TV's, cafe, water accessible everywhere.  Got a massage too and my masseuse was cool.  Didn't feel uncomfortable and she got the job done.  Staff was super friendly as well.  Overall this was a good experience and I may make it a regular visit on vegas trips.  If all you care about is spa access, check groupon.  Seems like they always have a deal.
4	When you first come into the area it seems to be in a kinda sketchy but once you get inside it's BEAUTIFUL!  Very High Class.  I felt like the richest man in all of Las Vegas.  We used a living social coupon for the place and I dare say we'll do it again.  Once you check-in and pay there are 2 different locker rooms, male and female.  Connected to those locker rooms are showers, hot and cold jacuzzi pools, steam saunas, and salt saunas (my wife said the women's side had an herbal sauna; I didn't find one in the men's).  The second level has 3 different heat sauna rooms: clay ball room, adobe clay room, jade and eucalyptus room, and an ice room. There is also a yoga room and a little restaurant. You could probably spend all day going in and out of the rooms.  They also offer massages, for a fee.  We didn't get the couples massage 'cause we're cheap, but everything else is amazing.  All the patrons there were very nice and talkative, as were the workers.  If you need a day to relax and sweat out all the toxins, this is your place.  I plan on going back again and again.  I would have given 5 stars but the messages were pretty pricey.  Other than that great experience.
5	Best place to kill time and relax in Vegas! I didn't get any of the extra services but just hanging out at the spa alone and using the facilities was enough to lull me into an hour nap in one of their lounge rooms.  Be forewarned...full nudity is required to use the down stairs portion of the spa.  The sexes are segregated do it's not like you'll be at a xxx place at all.  I also ate lunch there and for the $12 I paid for the spicy beef soup and it was delicious and bountiful.  Great Korean food for a spa.  Next time I'm in town, I'll definitely be going back.
4	Great experience!  Went here with my girlfriends on a Groupon deal.  Will definitely be going back.Five stars if they had cool towels for you in the sauna areas.
5	This place is fantastic. What a hidden Vegas gem. I've lived here all my life but I never would have known about Imperial Spa if not for their deal on Living Social. If you can catch it, the deal is $20 for two passes (regular price is $20 each), so bring a friend (or use it twice)!My favorite was the dry salt sauna room. It was warm but not too hot and there are big mats for your to lay down on. I stayed in there for about twenty minutes and was completely relaxed. Be sure to wear slippers in here (you can bring your own or get a pair at the front desk in exchange for your I.d.), the tile floors get really hot. I also really enjoyed the ice room. It was such a relief after being in some of the hotter rooms. The cool marble felt amazing against my skin and there is a little section of cold stones you can stick your feet in. I did not like the red clay ball room as much as I thought I would. This room has big tubs which you can lay down in full of tiny red clay balls. I imagined getting down in the balls and relaxing that way but they were way way too hot for that. I was able to get in there for a few minutes by laying a towel down on top of the balls but anywhere they touched my skin was almost unbearable. I ate lunch in the little cafe and it was pretty tasty. It was pricy but you get a lot of food for the money. A friend and I split the chow mein and we couldn't even finish it was so much food! After lunch we relaxed for a while and watched tv in the lounge area on the second floor while sipping iced green tea before getting back to the spa time. I will definitely be going back again. I left feeling completely refreshed.
5	There's currently a groupon deal so I recommend purchasing it on groupon before going it's $21 for two person entry fee for one time. This spa is a hidden treasure grant it the exterior isn't as nice as the Mandarin but the amenities nonetheless are comparable for this price!!!! It's tucked away on the east side of the strip on Sahara. Their amenities include 6 rooms in which 4 are hot rooms made of stone jade, red clay, and Himalayan salt. These rooms are meant to regenerate your core and relieve any type of muscle pressure or pain in the joints. There is also a room designated specifically for yoga and it'll have a large screen where they show yoga videos. The last room I visit is the ice box room because you will sweat ur nuts off in all of them except for this one, it's literally an ice box. The spa also includes infinity pools and dry sauna and 2 steam rooms: herbal & sea salt. I love coming here with my girlfriends and spending a day just relaxing doing yoga in the hot rooms. We feel great after we leave. Did I mention the spa also has a small fitness room in which you can work out. It's a MUST GO!!!
4	This review is based mostly on the facial that I received by Marina. I received the vitamin C facial and I really felt like she did a good job of tightening up my pores and having the products penetrate my face.However, there were some gripes I had. The facial was supposed to be for 1hr and 15 min and it was more like 1hour. It probably would have been if she was more slower and thorough during her massage. It was was nice and replacing, just wished she slowed her tempo a bit. She's not too gentle, but her hands are very experienced and knows what they're doing. Also, at the end of the facial, instead of a glowing, my face was slathered on w/ oil, that made me look like I was drowned in it.The facilities has probably seen better days. Doesn't look like they are doing a good job of upkeep. The chances of me returning are pretty slim. I'll just stick w/ Korean spas in SoCal.
2	Went there for my bachelorette party. Seemed nice and a good price to just relax but once we get there, we were told you can only go in the jacuzzi is you are completely NUDE. I'm not a prude but sitting in a hot tub with strangers naked is not my style. This wasn't mentioned anywhere so we were totally surprised. The sauna rooms where nice just wish we didn't have to wear such awkward clothing for most of them.For the price of the services, I expended more.
5	Cool place. Very clean. i had a issue with guys in the mens room. it was super shady. i could tell 2 guys inside had weird intentions and that made me pissed. so i flaunted my package and made them move on. The whole gay thing does not bother me. but if you keep starring at me i get a little annoyed and pissed off. i would definitely go again. but be aware of gay guys looking at your wiener.
1	My friend and I came here and we did not like the spa. We had couple's massage and it wasn't that great. The massage was super expensive ($180 for a couple's Swedish massage) for the quality of the place. We will definitely not be returning.
5	This is a beautiful Korean Spa centrally located with all the amenities.  Upstairs are dry saunas, meditation areas, a yoga room and a good restaurant.  This area is co-ed.  Downstairs the men and women have separate sections and there are herbal steam rooms, various kinds of whirlpools, showers, relaxation areas and grooming supplies.  This place is clean, well-organized and supervised. Lockers are secure and clothes, towels, sandals and other items are provided.  This place is a deal for $20 and a great deal with coupons or packages.  Body work, scrub showers and massage are extra but reasonably priced.
5	I was there on last Saturday and it was great!. I was a little concern about the bad reviews but no way this place is a hidden gem.  I bought my ticket through living social and I got two tickets for the price of one!. It was cheap and the local, rooms and food was great. My girlfriend told me that it is the same of the ones in NY. After the hot rooms (salt, herbs, clay, etc) we took the cold room and ordered some food. The chicken soup had a entire chicken on it. It was enough for the 2 of us. The food is not cheap but it worth the price. I recommend it.
5	This beautiful  peaceful Zen like Korean spa is one of Las Vegas best little secret. The spa provides all your amenities such as spa t-shirt and shorts, rubber slippers. towels, multiple hair products, oral hygiene products and a key for your private locker. All for a regular reasonable price of  $20. Specials offers of $150 for 10 visits or try Groupon, Living Social or Amazon for $12 per visit, wow! Upstairs is co-ed so, you can make this a couples spa retreat enjoying all the different types of dry saunas, the ice room, a Korean restaurant serving food and drinks, lounge chairs and TV for relaxing and a yoga room with a instructor on a giant TV if you care to follow along.  Some of the unique  dry saunas include; Jade, red clay coves, Himalayan salt and the bed of rocks or red clay balls to lay on. I found that if you alternate between the hot dry saunas then use the ice room back and forth is a much more enjoyable experience. The spa provides  free Wi-Fi codes and outlet so you can use your electrons or listen to your music while you meditate. Downstairs is a separate spa area for the men and women. Downstairs are the lockers, Korean type showers, hot and cold whirlpools, herbal, regular and salt steam rooms and bathrooms. The staff keeps the spa very clean and they are friendly. Massages and body scrubs are offered for an additional fee. I love this place, I have been here twice and plan to return again.
5	This place is very relaxing. There are showers, saunas, steam rooms, a yoga room, clay bead rooms where you can lay on top of warm clay beads, hot warm and cold tubs, and a quiet room where there's a bar and eating area and a nice Korean lady cooking up some delicious Korean food and tea, the Korean medicine tea and ginger tea is excellent! Nice quiet place if you are sore or tired and just need to relax, or sweat and detoxify. I bring all my toiletries and they provide lockers, they have toiletries there but I like to bring mine, and then a whole area you can blow dry your hair or do your facial ritual, and you'll walk out feeling like a new person. :D
5	Great, big facility. Very clean and beautiful. You can stay as long as you like with the one day admission. They have groupon deals that are very cheap. Been to many and this place is a winner.
4	Affordable, clean, relaxing. So many different rooms. Large coed area.  You must be nude in the wet area, no swimwear.  They provide shirt and shorts along with towels.  Slippers, toothbrush, razors upon request. It is a very "orange is the new black" kind of look.  Oversized faded clothes... Cheap toothbrush... Showering beside all the other girls.  Fun!  The experience makes me feel like I am in the Korean tv dramas.   They sell food as well although I did not try it. It was really nice to get my girlfriends together to chit chat and relax.
5	Like a lot of first timers, I was a bit hesitant about being naked around women I didn't even know.  My sister felt a bit uneasy with it at first, but she agreed to get a massage while I did the go at your own pace stuff.There is a separate entrance for men and women.  They give you two towels and a "gym outfit" which is basically the most unflattering thing ever.  It's a hospital scrub-like top and then these stretchy linen shorts.  Then you also get a key to a locker. The locker room/lounge was very nice.  They had comfy chairs and several women were there napping or just watching tv.  They had a lot of amenities, including disposable razors, individually wrapped toothbrushes, hair products, etc.  It felt like they had put a lot of thought into what to make available.  Right off the lounge is the entrance for the upstairs area for both men and women, which I will get to.  There was also a dry salt sauna.  When you enter the glass door there, you enter the main spa area.  Immediately upon entering, there is a dry suana ahead and showers to your right (you have to shower before going in anywhere and anytime after you get out of a sauna).  To the left there is a warm tub with jets, a hot tub, a cold water tub, a salt steam sauna and a eucalyptus sauna.  Pro tip: if you are new to one of the "wet" saunas, sit on the bottom step.  It will not be as hot since the steam rises.  Also, breathe through your mouth and not your nose and just stay in for a couple minutes.  There was also a section of little showers where you could sit on a stool close to the ground.The upstairs area was nice, but I hated having to wear my gym outfit.  The rooms were hot and I didn't feel like adding polyester blend to the mix was relaxing.  Also, they have signs posted, but let me just tell you: BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU STEP INTO THE CLAY BALL SECTION.  I don't know why, but I thought the signs meant "be careful when you step in the room" as opposed to "be careful when you step on the heaping pile of clay balls."  Yeah, I'm an idiot.  Anyway, I fell and woke up a very nice Asian man who asked me if I was ok.  I was, but I decided to beeline out of there and decided that the ice room would be the best option.  It's basically like a walk in freezer that you sit in, though it wasn't quite as cold as a freezer.  I got to talking with someone in the ice room and completely forgot that I had left my sister and her massage had ended 45 minutes earlier.  I was so worried that she would be mad at me, but when I looked for her, I found her completely naked, in the cold tub, talking gingerly with another woman.  I honestly don't know what it is about this place, but it was very freeing to be able to walk around with no clothes on and my sister ended up loving it, even though she was initially scared to be naked.  She said her massage was incredible, as well.Honestly, this was the highlight of my trip to Vegas.  If you are thinking of coming here, please do.  It can be intimidating at first, but it was so, so nice and relaxing and freeing.  I've added this to my must do list when I come back in town.
5	Best massage I've ever had! We had a group of 5, and they were able to do all of our massages at the same time.  And we were all SO impressed with them! And this was WAY less expensive than the spas on the strip.This was our first time experiencing a spa like this, and we fell in love. Taking the advice of a spa veteran we met upstairs, we did the clay balls sauna, ice room, jade sauna, ice room, then 'hell' (where you lay in a furnace-looking and -feeling thing), ice room. Downstairs, we did the dry salt sauna, then ventured into the no-clothes-allowed area. It was less comfortable since we were in a group, but we eventually got used to it. My grandma said she felt like 'the queen of naked' by then end.I have celiac disease, and I get rashes on my hands and feet with the slightest chance of contamination. I've been fighting daily breakouts, trying to figure out where the contamination is coming from.  Since I've been to Imperial Spa, I have had ZERO breakouts, and I have been eating at restaurants left and right (where I am typically contaminated). I don't know which room did it, but something in there might be magic. And I might have to move to Vegas now.Also - our husbands were not happy we did not include them. Next time we will make it a coed outing - it's definitely not just a girls' day-type place. No mani-pedis.
5	I didn't know this was a nekid spa. I did it anyways! Why?! Because it's Vegas! (And because I paid for it before knowing what was to come) It was an accidentally pleasant and interesting experience.   If you can get over it (being nude), this is a really fun and inexpensive place for a spa day! We used the groupon deal which was a steal! I gave them 5 stars because you can't beat $21 dollars for two people for all day access to their spa facilities. They provide things like spa clothes, sandals, soap, shampoo, conditioner, a toothbrush, a razor, lotions, hair dryers and water bottles. We started off using the different sauna rooms. Also tried the clay toom, jade room and ice room. They also have a yoga room. For a Friday morning it was very quiet and peaceful. After we got a feel for the place we decided to purchase a 70 min body scrub plus massage for only $120 a person. A steal considering how much it cost to do the same anywhere else on the strip. It took a little bit of courage considering you have to be nude in front of all these strangers. There are no clothes allowed in the pools, wet saunas, showers and treatment rooms. They require you to shower or sit in the sauna for 10 minutes to soften your skin before a body scrub. They scrub every inch of your body that you can imagine. THAT. YOU. CAN. IMAGINE. Massage was great for tiny little women! They are way stronger that they look. The package also came with a facial mask and shampoo massage. Felt super squeaky clean and relaxed afterwards!They also serve Korean food and drinks in the common area upstairs.  I ordered KBBQ and shrimp fried rice to end the day there. Not sure if it was delicious or if I was just starving, but it felt like the best meal of my life at the time. Who wouldn't want to gorge yourself with Korean food after spending hours getting pampered!!?I would absolutely return!
5	Got a Living Social deal and took my friend who just took the bar to get some stress relief.  We just hung out for the day and left completely relaxed even though we did not partake in any massages.  There are several different rooms to visit with  descriptions of the benefits of each on the door.  Food was delish.  Potstickers were my fav.  Will be returning for sure.  Side note, to enjoy the hot tubs and plunge pool you must go naked.  Didn't really bother me but may not be good for groups without a warning.
4	Had a wonderful experience. It was my first time at a bathhouse and I really enjoyed it. There are four different saunas and a cold, warm, and hot tub. It is all nude but it wasn't a big deal. I didn't go up to the co ed side because I didn't want to put clothes on! You can pay for a massage but we opted to just pay for a couple of washcloths and exfoliating scrub and scrubbed down in the showers. They have regular stand up showers and also the Asian style sit down ones.
5	I went to this spa while at market in Vegas and it was a delightful treat. I had never been to a Korean Day Spa before  so it was a new experience all around. I booked a facial during my time there and Olga was fabulous! She took her time making me relaxed while giving me am incredibly glowing complexion! I recommend this spa to anyone who wants a new and pleasant experience and make sure to book a facial with Olga!
4	A hidden gem. Very nice amenities and reasonably priced. I definitely recommend this place for some good old R&R!
3	Got a couples massage for my wife and I.  My massage therapist was Jenny.  My wife's was Ben.  They were both awesome! The place was way cool with personality and very different than any other spa I have been to.  It is technically a Korean bathhouse.  So you shower naked and soak naked with other people of the same gender.  There are a lot of really cool rooms to spend time in but some weird warning signs about lewd behavior.  A tiny bit dirty but for the price the place is amazing.
4	Check your modesty at the door! There are separate areas for girls and guys but you have to be totally undressed (no bathing suits allowed) to use their hot, warm and cold tubs. If you're fine with that then you can really have a unique experience here. They have a yoga room,  ice room, red clay and infrared saunas as well as a kitchen that serves up Chinese food. It wasn't like a sonima spa but the massage was excellent and all the cool rooms can keep you busy for a good couple of hours.
5	Hidden gem! Staff was very friendly, especially Marisol. The second floor heated saunas/quiet rooms were amazing & relaxing. Did I mention they have wifi? Just in case you wanna stream your favorite movie/show.
4	I'm glad we have a nice big Korean spa here in Las Vegas like the ones they have in LA.. Here is a quick run down of how things go down at Imperial: -Check-in with the front desk.. She will give you your key, towels (3) and co-ed area clothes (shorts + shirt).. If you want slippers, you will need to leave your ID or keys up front with them. -Enter the locker room and put your shoes in the shoe locker with your number (you don't need your key for these). Go around the corner and find your locker with the same number and get naked! -Bring 1 towel with you and go into the spa area and start with a shower (always shower before you use any of the facilities).-After your shower, feel free to use the hot tub, cold tub, dry sauna, herbal steam room, salt steam room..-When you are ready to go upstairs, dry up and put on your co-ed clothes..-Feel free to explore the different rooms and if you get hungry, order from the kitchen (everything gets charged to your locker number). -When you are done you will check out with the front desk. HOT TIP: The kitchen opens at 10AM. Imperial provides shampoo, conditioner, body wash, razors, tooth brushes, lotion, hair spray and more...
5	My favorite spot to chillax and unwind in Vegas! The only Korean spa in town, and they do a bang up job of keeping it awesome.I've been here a few times in the past when I really need to get away. When the Groupon became available, I jumped at the opportunity. It may not look like much from the outside, but inside, it's high brow all the way.After checkin, always make sure to give them your ID in order to get a pair of slippers to use around the gym. And shower before using the spa, hot tub, and before going upstairs to the communal area (and please dress in your given uniform before heading up!)Upstairs in the communal area, there are a bunch of rooms heated to high temperatures to get you to sweat out the toxins. My favorite room is the one with the little balls that you can lie on! When it gets too hot, head on over to the ice room to cool off.There are recliners and tv's where you can chill. In addition, there is a small cafe where you can buy food items. After sweating out a lot, I like to pass out on a recliner :DGreat fun, and you can stay from opening to closing if you want, but a few hours should be more then enough. Great to go with friends and family as well!!
5	Amazing! We bought an hour massage and got to use the facilities for free! They have several rooms that are therapeutic like the red clay ball room, red jade clay room and red clay room that works like an oven. It's Korean influenced, with separate hot tubs by gender! Highly recommend and will be back next time we're in Vegas.
4	Imperial Spa Las Vegas's hidden Gem.I came here wanting to unwind and relax. I came around 9:30pm in the evening, I know right why would I go around this time? Because the place was empty and I pretty much had the entire place to myself. I was a bit apprehensive going to this place since it was located in the hood of Las Vegas, but i felt much better when i saw a couple of Mercedes and BMWs parked outside in the front, just make sure you bring your valuables inside. You pay $20 to enter and you have access to everything in the spa. they give you a wristband and that is the key to your locker. You change into your clothes they give you, make sure you bring your own slippers, you will be more comfortable. They have a bunch of cool rooms on the second floor ( communal area) you can try, the ones i did were the red ball clay room which was really cool. Beware! step in butt first or you will fall on yo @ss like i did rolling all over the place disturbing the peace in the room! haha! memorable! After the red ball clay room I went into this other room with these little clay dome  huts i forgot what they were called, All i know is they help you detox, I did it because I enjoyed the heat, it  made my muscles and back from working out relaxed, after all that hot and steamy stuff I decided to chill in the Ice room, which cooled me off. After your finished you can relax in the spa on the first floor, just make sure you shower before entering in. They had a bunch of other rooms upstairs which I did not get to since I was in a rush to get home. I will definitely go back and check out the movie room and the restaurant ( which was closed at the time i went because it was late at night) and also I will try their massage and see if it is any good.Overall, loved my experience here, the staff was friendly, this place is legit no monkey business!
5	Went again this morning when they 1st opened. I had the place to myself for at least  1 hr. Then there was only a few people there.  Once again I had a very relaxing visit. This time a friend went with me and a few hrs after we were there she texted me and said who knew how nice and fun it could be being naked. She also said there was no one there but her for awhile, and even then there were only a few people. This time I took the opportunity to use the relaxation room in the men's locker room and took a nap! We used a coupon from amazon locals which cost us 9.50 each. We will go one more time as we are here for the week! Looking forward to that visit also.
4	My gf and I went to this location for a couple's massage during our staycation. I booked our appointment for 11AM. When we arrived at this location around 11AM, we were told to change into their clothing. We were given a locker key for men and women's locker room. The bathrooms and locker area is completely clean but prepare yourself for Asian/European nudity.  I mean, I wouldn't recommend sitting on the bench after changing into your clothes. We were taken to the third floor for our 90 minute massage appointment. I asked for firm massage and my gf went for gentle Swedish one. The massage was pretty good. They cover your entire body in 90 minutes and time flies like hell when you are this relaxed.  The only bad thing that I can report is that the male masseuse burped a lot, he literally burped in her face.  After the burpy massage was over, we went to different sauna rooms. They are very relaxing and your massage package buys you whole days' worth of relaxation at this place.I would recommend this location for have the best value per service. The service isn't bad, but it can be improved.
5	The best Korean Spa I've been to by far.  So many different rooms to try and they even have TWO different type of steam rooms.  I love their clay room, jade room and ice room.   Super clean and relaxing atmosphere.
4	My review is on the the spa services rather than just the establishment itself.  I came here a few weeks ago to get a body scrub, massage and facial.  I checked in and was given clothes to change into, slippers, and a key to the locker.  I had my scrub scheduled first. I was told to strip down and soak in the hot tub for 20 min. before my service to loosen the dead skin (a hot tub of dead skin and naked people woo hoo!).  My lady called me (by locker number, this isn't the Bellagio here) and lead me to a room with a padded table covered with the plastic that reminds you of what your grandma had on her dinning room  tables 7 years after buying them.  I was expecting a salt scrub, but she scabbed me down with a mit that was probably intended to clean a stove, but did it ever scrub the dead skin off! Now I'm a daly bather but when she showed me what was on the mit you'd think I hadn't showered in a month! When its time to splash off the clumps of dead skin she dips her bowl into a by-the-curb size garbage can filled with water.  No fancy shower above the table here.  No dim lights either.  Next was the massage, I was super thankful that we switched rooms, as i didn't want to slide off that plastic wrapped table.  We went upstairs (which is co-ed... time to put of the of so fashionable clothes that have never ever seen a drop of fabric softener) This room was a traditional massage room set up, table with a face hole, nothing super special, but not horrible.  Next up was my facial.  I switched to a different girl (I was slightly concerned as I'm fine getting "reflexology" from a person who isn't a licensed masseuse but when it comes to extractions, chemicals and microdermabraion I want to see a license).  I forget the girls name, (holga. elga something like that...) She was very good, she spent a little too much time on extractions for my annoyance threshold, but my skin needed it.  The microdremabrason machine seemed a little past its prime, not as potent as the ones I've had in med spas, but i could still tell a difference.  At this time I had been there for about 3 hours and I was ready to go home, so I didn't try out all of the red clay balls and jade room, but that seems to be detailed in every other review.  All in all I liked the services, no frills, and about 1/2 the price of the same services in a strip spa.
2	The place was clean and I had a $12 groupon.   I bought 6 but don't think I will go back.  The experience was okay.   I was there early and it was quiet.  I was looking for a nice spa that I could feel special for a few hours.  I work hard and needed a place to unwind.   It felt more like a jacuzzi and sauna at my local gym.   Again, it was clean.   Just nothing special.   Maybe a spa for a poor person?   I would rather pay $50 for a day use and get a 5 star spa.  This was more like a 2 or 3 star. Guess it is what you are use to.  Also was a bit nervous leaving my car in parking lot, many homeless hanging around.  Empty alcohol bottles in parking lot.   I felt safe in side just not impressed.
4	Got the groupon here and gave it a whirl.  A lot of different rooms.  I actually enjoyed the rooms that aren't coed more.  The massage lady I had was great I would come back here If I need a spa day.
5	Awesome spot. Toe cracking good time. Off the strip which is good. 60 min $90. Well worth it. I'd suggest pay the extra $40 for the 90 minute. DO IT DO IT
5	I absolutely love this place. It was one of those random purchases I made on Groupons and dragged my mom along with me. Now it's one of my favorite places to go and relax. My favorite room is the red clay balls and also the salt room. I always feel exhausted when I leave but the next day I feel rejuvenated and my skin has never felt softer.  I'd recommend bringing tons of water or gatorade and also some snacks if you don't want to spend money in their cafe. Trust me you will get hungry!
4	This is a cool little zone out from the world place. I like to come here and catch up on sleep Lol The upstairs is very relaxing, they have different rooms to help you relax. The sofas are very comfy.The food is over priced but other than that, this is a great relax place.
5	Body scrub by Dana is out of this world. For those of you who are not familiar with a Korean body scrub have not lived life completely. Your skin looks and feels like a baby's. The facilities are clean and easy to use. Next time Ill make a full day of it and take a nap there too. Im hooked.
5	I love this place sooooo relaxing so many great rooms to go and do a little nam Myoho renge kyo! Relax !!! Mmmm NAMASTE ! Jacuzzi galore and if you need a little scrub down by someone else no problem! Why not? But mmmmmmm you just have to be a little comfortable walking around with kitty showing :)
4	Luckily I read the reviews so I wasn't surprised by the total nudity in the men's & women's tubs. Other than that it was relaxing, clean, and quiet for a reasonable price.Services: I (f) got a pkg with a body scrub, deep tissue massage, and foot massage. These were advertised as three different treatments so I was a bit disappointed bc it was a great scrub and a basic massage.My friend (m) got a facial & deep tissue massage. His face looked amazing for days & I was kind of jealous.Price: Spa entry is only $20 all day but they usually have Groupon & Amazon local deals. The packages were reasonable, but we both left with a few disappointments.
1	Very disappointing place. The quality has deteriorated. There has been a price increase in menu. The Asian Manager is two faced she says something does just the opposite. Staff in front pretends they do not understand English instead of resolving issues. The fawcetts in ladies shower are broken. The jacuzzi is never hot enough. The ice water jacuzzi is not chilled enough. The salt bucket from the steam room area has been removed. The control the toothbrushes, slippers, and toothpaste by keeping them at the front desk. Those who know about it ask but those who do not lose out. The application of discipline and quiet in the hot stone room is never implemented. Asian women sitting chatting when it says "Silent" people on phone talking. I once saw a girl strip in there showing off her silicone boobs. Not sure its a place you want to go with your spouse or family. My husband and I have been customers at this place for over 4 years and chose not to go there anymore because of staffs rude unethical behaviour. Plus many times we went there they do not disclose that certain heating or cooling things are not working. After we pay up and go into the areas we discovered it. When we came out and asked them all they say is, "Sorry" How convenient. Not to mention this facility was not charging extra for over night stay but now there is an additional charge for that.The place is ghetto literally giving away passes on group on for free and they have no respect for their customers or control on the quality of customers who are jumping into jacuzzi with dirty underwear and clothes, not rinsing off bad body odor before using the jacuzzi or steam areas.They got greedy with the Korean body scrub initially was very decently priced for both men and women but now they jacked the women's by adding massage to the package because the owner wants a percentage. Not to mention the horrible scar the the Korean massage therapist left on my upper left shoulder back. It has been three years the scar is still there. She scrubbed my skin so hard she peeled it to leave a horrible pigment that disfigures my body. When I told the Asian management about it all they said, "OOOOh so sorry!!" Wow!!Anything that comes from their staff after this is lies and cover up because it is normal not to like the truth out about their business.
4	Spacious and bigThe employees are kind and helpful if you need anything I didn't try the food but people did not seem to think it was bad. The pools are about 4 ft deep which was nice but are medium size. They could use a little cleaning inside the showers but for the most part it was clean. Everyone is pretty respectful and quiet. Wish it was 24hrs, save money by not going to a hotel
4	Enjoyed this spot a lot. Didn't hurt that I used a Groupon either. The only thing I don't like about Imperial is the price for services. $60 for a 30 min body scrub!? Sorry, standard everywhere is one hour, so I found that to be ridiculous.Other than that, Imperial is pretty choice, despite it in being in the 'hood of Vegas. $20 to enter and use their facility. Bring your own flip flops if you can because they often run out. Please take off your shoes before you enter the locker room area! Change into your slippers or go barefoot, and YOU MUST TAKE A SHOWER BEFORE ENTERING THE FACILITIES. Come on people! It's plastered all over the walls. In the female only area: Whirlpools ( 1 hot, 1 warm, 1 cold soak), dry sauna, steam room and herbal steam room. GET NAKED. Don't be a weirdo and wear a bikini because really, nobody is there to check you out. And all of us ladies there have seen boobies and vaginas before so don't be shy. We really don't care about yours. No really, I don't care. They also provide toothbrushes, toothpaste and razors. So nice! In the locker room there is also gel, mousse, lotion, cotton swabs, tissue, hair dryers AND a curling iron. Very handy if you're going out and about afterward. There are a few reclining chairs to relax in and watch tv in the locker room, so feel free to bring a facial sheet mask to slap on when you're done. I saw quite a few ladies doing that.Communal area had lots of rooms. Really enjoyed how spacious the communal area was. It has 2 sides of reclining chairs and tvs. Food option there was a bit pricier than all the other jjimjilbangs I've been to. I didn't bother to try any, but it smelled good. Fairly clean, and I did see a woman constantly cleaning. This spot used to be open 24 hours.. I wish it still was.
5	Imperial Spa is the only authentic Korean Health Spa in Vegas. A massage, sauna, body scrub and Korean food is all available. This location used to be a 24 hour fitness is large. There are several sauna rooms like the salt block and clay ball room. The location is hard to find from Sahara since its tucked behind some commercial buildings.
4	I love this place almost for everything, but the shower area can be improved.  Most of the shower heads are clogged and/or out of use.  And I often see people brush their teeth at shower area...gross!
5	Get ready for that free roaming butt naked spa experience, my hubby was not ready. Definitely get the scrub...boy I must be 2 shade lighter!!! They scrub EVERY inch and rinse with warm tantalizing water. Not for the shy and I prefer to go at it alone to enjoy being au natural. Jenny is good and hubby liked it too! Go, enjoy and be freeeeeeee
5	Just had maybe the best massage of my life. Ben did an awesome awesome job. I recommend him highly!! Imperial Spa is a hidden gem in Las Vegas and an amazing health day spa.
1	Can't imagine ever going back under any Circumstance. If u are a str8 male this is not the place for u . Too many penises walking around or sitting around legs open inviting u to look.  The "must be naked "rule to use the spa is over the top. Too queer for me . There is a reason the $20 entry fee is NON-Refundable. Enjoy !!!!!
