5	This is the only Sushi restraunt in the Phoenix area that I've eatten at and I see no reason to go anywhere else.  The place is run by Japanese staff and frequented by a large population of Japanese customers.  Just a little shop, simple decor and great food.
4	Good sushi place... you will be able to find some unique cuts of tuna that you cant find at most sushi places... the prices are pretty good... you have to try the noodle bowl thing... i guess hiro (th owner)  is famous for this thing... the atmosphere is nothign special... it is in a strip mall with typical sushi decorations... but i would definatly go back if i was in the area...
5	I found a favorite sushi restaurant in AZ!  Their sushi was fresh & the chefs were all Japanese!  One unique roll I had there was the Sukiyaki roll.  Since I was a somewhat regular they'd provide us with 3 types of wasabi which really made the sushi experience.
5	my favorite sushi place in phoenix. tiny place thats hard to find, but the best and most authentic sushi i've had in phoenix. good atmosphere with friendly chefs. descent prices too.
4	It's like the Meatloaf song, "4 outta 5 ain't bad"  I can't seem to give the 5th start to Phoenix Sushi places, it's like I am blocked by the God of Shashimi. Don't get me wrong this place is great they have a wide variety, friendly and quick staff, and it is really off the beaten path. It is pretty small and quaint, ( I actually had a debate with a person I went with here, can something be both small and quaint?) Either way, it's nice inside, you get a cozy sushi feeling. The Miso soup is great, and the shashimi is fresh, and cut into big pieces. The prices are OK,  the down side, no happy hour of any kind.  It is a small place, so I can see why they don't have a happy hour. I highly recommend this place to all sushi lovers, you won't be disappointed. It's very clean and inviting.In the terms of atmosphere, I was tempted to get hammered off saki here, (though I only had 1 Sapporo)  it's that type of place that you want to do shots of Saki with the sushi chef's and pass out on a plate of ahi tuna, to awaken with a tattoo on your arm that says "Konichiwa Bitches" and has a picture of Morimoto the Iron Chef from Japan, it's that quaint ;).
4	As you approach this building from the outside, you don't really expect alot, or at least I didn't. It's in a strip plaza (across the street from the Fry's on 90th), surrounded by shops catering toward spyware and vitamins. Odd, huh? In any case, you walk in and immediately notice how small the place is. Some may call it quaint - perhaps that's a nicer way of saying "i could walk the length of the restaurant if I took 50 giant steps." Sushi bar is where to go. The chefs are polite and offer suggestions. Don't expect to be entertained, but do expect to receive your order in a timely fashion. You get a clean towel here, too. And prompt beverage service. 3.50 for a Sapporo - you can't go wrong. So, is there anything extraordinary about this place? Not really, but perhaps that's why it works. Without the loud music and flashy scene of Scottsdale, you instead find succulent sashima in generous portions, along with a menu that makes you "hmmm" and "uhmmm" a bit longer than usual. Miso soup is medicore (i've had better) and the edamame is refreshing without a thunderstorm of salt - thankfully!Jazz Roll. Crazy Roll. Shrimp Tempura Roll. How do you decide? When it doubt, just try it all. Or get the Caterpillar Roll - it's made different from other places. I can't quite put my finger on it, but there's something oddly wonderful about mixing textures - from the softness of the rice and avacado to the crunchyness of the inside. Oh, and eel is divine. So is the extra bonus of shrimp ontop. I wouldn't consider this my fave place, and it's definitely not in my neighborhood... but if you live, work or just happen to be in the area, definitely stop into Hiro. You shouldn't leave disappointed, unless you're expecting something other than great food, friendly staff and, lo and behold, a restaurant where you actually hear Japanese spoken by the staff. Now that's worth a bonus star!
5	By far THE BEST sushi in AZ! Not much by way of atmosphere. It's clean and traditional in its decor but not only is the waitstaff terrific but the fish just melts in  your mouth. I actually go at least 2 or 3 days a week and most of the time by myself after a workout. I sit at the bar and Hiro (the owner) takes good care of me! Prices are reasonable for sushi and the salad dressing is the best EVER and I am a sushi-a-saurus!
5	It is deff a small hole in the wall place but excellent service, food and quick! My mom works at the barber/hair salon at the end of the row and I prefer Hiro to Ajo Al's any day of the week. If I take my mom to lunch it will be here. I have also been in with my kid and they don't seem to mind the mess she makes with the rice and Ikura =) thankfully she is older now O:-) They have great stuff like Toro oh yummmmm not too many places have it!! Thank you seafood sushi god's!!
5	Best Sushi place I've been to, great food without the snobby ''sushi is so trendy' attitude and blaring music.  The staff is so friendly, the sushi is affordable --- we go there once or twice a month! Delicious!!!
5	Japanese chefs, top notch sashimi, affordable neighborhood sushi place! 5/5I'd lived in Japan before and this place can beat those in Tokyo! If you go to Hiro, you have to order their sashimi. We always order scallops sashimi, yellow tail, salmon, toro sashimi and uni (sea urchin)! Their rolls are amazing too. All sashimi comes in a big-fat-lap portion! Very fresh! The service is great too.
5	I have lived in Los Angeles for over 20 years, and visited Phoenix on a house-hunting trip.  I made the mistake of eating at Ra (Gilbert, AZ) the night prior, and was having second thoughts of moving to the area...... that is, until I ate at Hiro.  What a relief!  Real Japanese sushi in the middle of the desert!  Where other Scottsdale sushi places distract you with unnecessary sauces or overly loud music, at Hiro the fish speak for themselves.Recommend: yellow tail and salmon nigiri / spicy ribbon rollTry: Orion beer (did you know the US versions of Kirin/Sapporo/Asahi are all NOT brewed in Japan?  Don't believe me?  Read the label.)Plan to try next: Arizona roll / Okinawa NoodlesI will be moving to Chandler, but will gladly make the drive here for all my sushi needs.
4	definitely a fan... we've gone around the block and then some and feel as though we've finally found a place we want to be known as a "regular". :) environment was fun and lively and the sushi chef's appeared to be having just as good a time as the restaurant goers. food was great. would recommend to anyone looking for good sushi and a welcoming environment.
5	Hiro Sushi is my favorite sushi restaurant in Phoenix. I am there at least once a week, some time more.The food is great and well priced and the staff is very friendly.
5	Alaxandra-'Hey, who wants to join me for my birthday lunch'  Me- 'I'll go'That response was all it took and now I have 'my sushi spot' It is a small restaurant with a lot to offer. Every time I walk in, I feel like I am stepping into a true Japanese restaurant. You get greeted by the 'sushi experts' ;) with a big welcome -spoken in Japanese- which I have yet to ask what exactly they are saying, but they sound happy and that's all that matters.The freshest seafood, the best specials and the most fantastic miso soup, YUM!My goal is try almost everything on the menu and so far I am doing pretty good.
4	My first visit to Hiro was a delight! I came in for dinner and sat up at the bar where sushi chef Leo was really friendly and offered up some helpful suggestions.  I started with the $2 miso soup which was not watered down and had some meaningful chunks of tofu in it and was just right to warm me up on this cold AZ day. I ordered the Houston roll and the Crazy roll for my main meal and while I waited I eyed the slabs of fishmeat hungrily.My Houston Roll was up first - really smooth fatty salmon slices with julienned cucumbers and scallions, an inside out roll. The total effect wasn't especially overwhelming, more of a palate for wasabi and soy sauce. But good quality maki for sure. The Crazy Maki is Leo's favorite I'm told, and I can see why. First of all, I have never had a soy paper roll, that was fun (and pink!).  The Crazy Maki has a tempura shrimp rolled up with spicy tuna, avocado and roe. Most restaurants make the tuna with spicy mayonnaise, but this was mayo free (i'm a mayo-phobe) and ultra silky in texture. the maki is a fattie but because it's rolled in soy paper you can eat it in bites, unlike seaweed rolls which if you try to bite will empty their contents on your shirt and lap while everyone in the restaurant stares at you. so yay for soy paper! I have one singular criticism: the wasabi was not spicy. i was putting a quarter-sized amount on each sushi piece just to get a tingle - so I ran out quickly and didn't ask for more (what for). Have all my tastebuds died? do they make particularly weak wasabi at Hiro's? I don't know but I'm prepared to do some arduous wasabi studies at Hiro Sushi for the rest of my life.
5	So, my friend and I went first to Yasu because we heard it was great. We were traveling on business and therefore using company plastic. So, we show up and the kid working the door says in a very "Spicolli-like" voice, "uh.... our credit card machine is broken tonight"..... So we replied that we were on expense accounts and would there be any way they could manually run our credit cards... The guy replies, "dude, you're outta luck"....Funny, considering that I am a guy who eats out a lot and am not afraid to spend a lot of money in a place when the food and service is good... I wont be going back in there...So we made our way to Hiro..... We were pissed and hungry after driving around and dealing with idiots all over town. Hiro was just what the doctor ordered. We sat down and were greeted and served drinks right away. We put our sushi order entirely in the hands of our chef who did not disappoint. He brought out order after order of fresh delicious sushi and sashimi... We had beer, sake and a great night.... When it was said and done, we spent about $250 for the two of us which was a lot but well worth it..... I'm sure you could go and have a great meal for much less, but we were going big and NOT PAYING!!!!!  Morale of the story is that Yasu's children working that night ran us out and straight to their competition where we will be spending money in the future... Go check out Hiro!
3	I've been here a couple times. Both times the service has been fantastic, they're really on top of that but I wasn't impressed with the fish. Maybe it was because both days I went were on Mondays. I've heard that Mondays and sometimes Sundays aren't the prime days to eat sushi due to when they get their shipments in. That's the only thing I can think of. Both times we had sushi that tasted well...fishy.We ordered a few appetizers, the yellow tail cheek, baked mussels, and baked clams. The yellow tail cheek I've never had before so I have nothing to compare it to but it was a little crispy and burnt on the outside and I didn't much care for it. You had to dig through all the bones to get just a few little scraps of fish. The sauce they served with it was good though.The spicy baked mussels and clams were in a mayo sauce that was okay but not fantastic. Normally my favorite part of these dishes is the sauce, but the mayo didn't seem thick enough and both came out soupy and lacking flavor. They were just mediocre. We ordered the tuna tataki & albacore tataki. I thought the tuna tataki tasted very fishy and so did one of my dining partners. Our other dining partner thought it was okay though and ate our portions. The albacore tataki was seared quite a bit on the outside, giving it a rubbery texture that made it not taste right. I didn't care for either. We ordered a lot- various nigiri, spicy scallop roll, spicy tuna roll, Houston roll (salmon, onion, cucumber), jazz roll, Arizona roll, rainbow roll, and I'm sure others. I thought the spicy scallop and Houston roll were the best but nothing was out-of-this-world. I just wasn't impressed either time we went there. 2.5 stars for the food, 5 stars for the service.
4	I have lived in Japan for years, very particular about Japanese food. This is the one of the BEST in the Valley. If you love Soba, you should NEVER miss Okinawa Soba in their menu. The soup and ribs are so delicious, plus the special Vodka chilli sauce...every friend I brought there loved it!Their lunch/dinner menu with teriyaki chicken and Tempura is equally fantastic! Although is quite pricy, but the service is great.
3	Another good neighborhood sushi place, but I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here.  Miso soup, sunomono, and Las Vegas Roll were very good; Arizona roll, just okay; house salad, not so good.  Ambiance is...well, there isn't really any. Service is great.  I'd go here again if in the area, but there are equally good sushi places all over the Valley.
4	I really like Hiro Sushi- The atmosphere is traditional, none of that hyped up IMAGE you get at some of other "Social sushi" places- This place is about the food. Period.I usually come twice a month, the fish is always fresh, and service is top notch! When I drop on in, its usually for the Chirashi.  Their miso soup is lovely, nice pieces of tofu and none of that watered down colored broth stuff.I wish their wasabi had a bit more kick in the crotch heat to it, but otherwise its great!I'll keep coming to this place for sure!
4	This is a real Japanese sushi restaurant...I say this because there are plenty of "fake" sushi places all over.  We were in AZ for few days to house hunt before moving permanently and this place made us feel a little easy about moving from L.A..*Price = pricey compared to L.A. sushi restaurants*Quality = very good (sweet shrimp was a small)*Service = very good*Atmosphere = bright and cheerful
4	I found Hiro Sushi to be excellent. The quality of the fish used was high, and the service was good. I enjoyed the sunomono (cucumber salad) and their mango ice-cream dessert was very good. The Hamachi (yellowtail) was very good, and the portions were generous. The rolls did fall apart a little and could have been packed tithgter but the overall quality was terrific and the price was good.
5	if you've grown up eating japanese food this place will bring back great memories! every thing is delicious and the restaurant is very comfortable. don't get rolls! instead treat yourself to some real japanese food, sashimi. ask the chef for what's good, trust him he does it for a living.
5	Just when I thought I would never find good sushi in AZ (and I have really, really tried) I walked into Hiro.  I heard the banter in between the sushi chefs in Japanese and knew I had found what I had been looking for.  Yes!  A REAL Japanese sushi restaurant.  I have been there three times now, and have loved every visit.  It is a place to eat and enjoy the food, not a strangely-lit cocktail lounge pretending to be a sushi bar.  The fish is fresh, the edamame is warm and salty, and the beer is cold.  What else can you ask for?  Thank you Hiro Sushi!
4	Great sushi! You almost feel like your in Japan.
4	Would have given it 3.5 stars if that was an option.  Not average, but not great either.  The portions were slightly above average.  The edamame (sp?) was very good, the service was excellent.  The sushi was good.  Definitely not the best we've had in town, probably not even in the top 10, but in the top 20.  There are at least 7 closer to our house with better sushi, so it is doubtful we would go back, unless we were in the neighborhood, and then the food was good enough to return.
5	My fiance and I are from NY where you never struggle to find sushi, so I was skeptical of finding a great sushi place in AZ.  BUT..this place proved me wrong!  It was very authentic Japanese and the sushi was incredible.  Extremely fresh, melt in your mouth, sushi.  And great service.  The place was bustling and the sushi chefs, Hiro included, seemed to know all the regulars!  Definitely a place to try if you are visiting and a place to frequent if you live in the area.
5	Love this place! It's a great local place with fresh tasting sushi! The sushi chefs all greet you when you sit down. The place is relatively small so keep that in mind for large parties. We have been multiple times and never had a bad experience. It is consistently good and the staff is always nice. Two thumbs up!
4	Decided to try Hiro Sushi because of the  reviews as it is very difficult to find a good sushi restaurant in the valley.  With my husband being half Japanese, lived in Japan & just having visited Tokyo last May for 2 weeks - it takes a lot to win over our palates.  First, this not your typical modern sushi restaurant which translates to social meeting place/lounge for people that want mega rolls with different condiments splattered all over them. They have some, but  if that is what you think sushi is - head to Sapporo or RA.Second, nothing against non-Japanese sushi chefs as they can be quite talented - but something about having Japanese sushi chefs creating your food that brings some authenticity to the whole experience.Third, the fish was fresh and was served in good portions.  Its not about bigger is better - quality is what you pay for when it comes to sashimi or nigiri.Looked over the entree menu - typical mix of tempura, teriyaki & katsu dishes - nothing real special.Will definitely go back.
4	I've been here a couple times on business trips to Scottsdale and I'm always impressed.  Excellent quality.  Restaurant is small and popular so it's best to go early or late.
5	Great food, great chefs, great dinner experience!  I went for my birthday, and was treated to a nice chef's choice of some very interesting culinary experiences.  Our chef Leo was very fast, very polite, and very knowledgeable about the food.  They made me feel more like a guest and less like a foreigner.  To top it off, Leo did an awesome fruit carved rickshaw and served it to me with ice cream to make my night special.  Ill definitely go back again!
4	Great place. If your a sushi lover. Than this is a place for you!
3	Well above average neighborhood sushi joint.  I have had very nice quality fish here.  But potion can sometime be a bit on the small side.
4	I have lived in Arizona but one year and I have been on a quest for good sushi since my arrival. I found it here! The staff is friendly and the sushi is ridiculously delicious. The only downfall to this place is its size. It is a small location so get there early. I have eaten here about 4 times now and they are always consistent. Do yourself a favor and stop by...
5	I was craving sushi badly today....we were out and about so checked Yelp on the Blackberry and found Hiro was nearby and had excellent reviews. Well I can see why. My husband and I were very impressed. The food was sooo tasty and prepared right in front of us. In particular the soft shell crab, eel, crazy roll, white fish sashimi and iced green tea were all superb! Even the ginger and wasabi tasted better here. The restaurant is not as fancy as the others...no outdoor seating or views...but you don't miss it when the food is this good! The staff were also friendly and fast.
4	Saturday was a busy, busy day!There were so many moving parts to my day:* I rode my mountain bike to Tempe to see the Tour de Fat:)* I had to play Squash at the club:)* I had football on the TiVo that really needed my attention:)* Oh yeah, Carin had a pretty big photo shoot that she was managing, and she asked me to help her with "model wrangling" for a little while...(she didn't call it that...she's far more refined than I am...she asked me to help sign people in and make sure they got where they needed to be...but I call it "model wrangling":-)Where do I get the energy? :)After a busy day, it was time for a dinner party with the photographer, the owners of the business, and selected guests from the shoot...interesting people and a wonderful mix for great conversation...which makes for a great dinner party:)Hiro Sushi had been selected for the party and they did not disappoint:)Hiro San has been a sushi master since 1968 and knows his way around a sushi bar (as do all of his assistant chefs:)Hiro likes his boats, and all the sushi, sashimi and rolls were delivered to the table in traditional sushi boats...that's presenting your fish old school...and I approve (I have too...I went to an old school...back in olden days:)Fresh tasting and delicious, the food came in waves ebi, maguro, iki, ikura, uni and anago, along with Arizona Roll (vegetarian...not my favorite), Caterpillar Roll and Spider Roll while we all enjoyed Kirin and hot and cold sake:-)Hiro doesn't really have a party room, but they created a nice little spot for us all and we all laughed and talked and drank and ate and it was just a wonderful night.We've been to Hiro before and the food and service are always top notch:)The ambience in the restaurant is a little bit pedestrian...it kind of feels to me like a strip mall sushi bar (which it is, although the food is an order of magnitude better than most strip mall sushi:)And creativity isn't really Hiro's strong suit...good and fresh sushi always, but not always presented as art.Does that make a difference?...I don't know for sure...it can be an important part of the equation for me:)That said, I like Hiro's...a lot:)A lot better than I like model wrangling...it's really not my cup of dirty chai latte....it was like herding cats...pretty, pretty cats:)
5	My favorite sushi place in town.  We always get the spicy tuna and the crunchy california.  I've never had a bad roll at this place.  The wait staff has never left us waiting for attention - they are all sweethearts.  Everything is priced nicely and they have specials up on the board.  Hiro, the owner, is from Japan and is typically working on the bar - they seem to be having a good time back there, rolling up a storm.I'd recommend reservations for groups of 4 or more.  The place is small and often frequented by Japanese, which has to be a good sign.  Big beers, wine and saki are there to wash it all down.  The green iced tea is recommended as well.
2	I'm very sorry fellow yelpers, but the yelp rating on thie place has left  me in quite a quandry.  After moving to the east side of the valley, hubby and I were looking for a new "neighborhood sushi" that was closer than Glendale.  On the positive side,  this place is authentically Japanese.  The sushi selection was just OK on the night that we went.  The fish:rice ratio was right on.  The rolls were not over-stuffed with rice either.  They have a very good selection of sake and authentic appetizers.More importantly the selections ranged quite a bit in freshness and quality.  Some of the more expensive nigiri pieces were very good, but the $2.95 nigiri menu items were awful such as the eel and the ebi.     In my book, selling old and bad fish is inexcusable at any cost.  Unfortunately, our search for the neighborhood sushi restaurant continues.
5	Suffered a senior moment today! Did the yelp check and thought this sounds good...the drive was very dejavu and then I discovered why....see previous review! lol .....but to update....the volcano appetizer, sedona roll and Mochi Icecream (which I am becoming addicted to) were all wonderful. Our waitress was also fantastic bringing plenty of their delicious iced tea and keeping the ginger bowl full....a necessity for me. The place was full tonight and I can see why. Question is will I remember?
3	Went here this evening with the wife and 4 1/2 year old.  Based on the reviews I was expecting better.  Don't get me wrong, there wasn't really anything wrong with the food (albeit maybe the toro) but it was no way a meal that was memorable.  Received a salad as part of a dinner entree - way too much dressing.  There was enough for 4 salads.  Miso was yummy though.  The yellow tail was very good as was the unagi but the toro nigiri was chewy due to sinew...  I don't know why we keep trying the spider roll at anywhere but Sushi Sam's in San Mateo - it was just OK.  Trying the California roll with the tempura bits was a mistake when there were so many other items on the menu.  Ordered the oysters on the half shell special and that was decent but again, not particularly special.Price wise I'd say it was moderate to expensive.  The bill for 2 adults and a 4 1/2 year old was $115 before tip.  There was only 1 large beer on the tab.I'm a visitor and I don't believe I'd come back again.  For the price I'd want to have a taste of Roka Akor.  Hindsight is 20-20 but that might have been the better bet tonight...
4	Tasty sushi. Decent service. Good prices. Would recommend.
5	You're transported to that little restaurant around the corner from the train station in Doko-demo, Japan - the Japanese version of Cheers - where everyone knows you like sushi and eating the simple, good things. We loved the crab sunumono, agedashi tofu, calamari, fried smelts and gyozo to start, and then fresh sushi - in the desert - was wonderful - especially the uni. I had heard about this place for 2 years and finally went - and it became of our best new discoveries in the past year. Hiro Sushi is not fancy, but it's good. Highly recommended.
5	Hiro sushi is an unbelievable hidden gem, family owned and operated, top notch sushi quality!
5	Authentic Japanese cuisine. Best sushi and sashimi in town, they even have chirashi on the menu and sauteed gobo (burdock root). Sashimi is always fresh, prices are very reasonable. They also have a great lunch special.  I took my four-year-old, who enjoyed the chicken katsu.
5	We just had the best sushi! Thanks to a recommendation from the owner of the House of Rice we tried Hiro Sushi tonight. Wow! They had combination dinners served in bento boxes, perfect for my eight year old child and my sushi phobic spouse. I had the yellow tail sashimi, yellowtail nigiri, tuna nigiri, and a philly roll. It was all fantastic! The presentation was beautiful. The portions were generous. Everything was fresh and perfect! The staff were great! The host was friendly on the phone and answered all my questions. The wait staff never hovered but were prompt to take plates and keep our drinks coming. We ate at the bar. Chef Hiro was warm and welcoming. He and his staff made us feel we were dining with friends. The location is in a safe part of town on the north east corner of Via Linda and 90th Street in Scottsdale. We will definitely be going back!
5	As Manhattan sashimi snobs, we were surprised to find this restaurant in Scottsdale.  While not up to top NYC standards, it was definitely reliable for an enjoyable and solid Sushi and sashimi meal.  The rolls were top quality utilizing local fresh ingredients.  The ankimo was excellent.  Staff was kind.
4	Weeknight, Hiro Sushi was crowded.  Greeted by the Sushi chefs as we entered.  Back at you, whatever you said!Sat down, ordered copious amounts of delicious sushi, sashimi and sake.Stopped eating long enough to look around and realize we were the only non-Asian table in the restaurant.Great service.We will be back!
5	So I walk into the resturant gluten free soy sauce in tow. (mmmhmm San J, what will I do without you?!?!) We are all instantly greeted with foreign japanese by the many sushi chefs banked across the side at the bar.  We smile and I realize this is as authentic as it gets! (there is a page in the menu that is completely japanese!) My family and I have tried this place before, but we couldn't get in it was so packed and for a Thursday night there was a great showing. My mother and I end up splitting a couple of rolls and some nigiri and I had some sunamono-it's always my vice. I liked every roll that we ordered, even the philly roll, my mother has a thing for cream cheese. (really not my thing) All the fish was fresh and tasty! My brother and my father ordered miso soup and both decreed that they gave it their approval- we are very picky with out miso! The servers were extremely attentive and brought us whatever we needed. I felt that this was a great place being the only non asian family dining here. I really like a place that doesn't throw out "HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS" (ending up being old fish) and "artificial krab" (yucckk!) I will gladly spend a little more for fresh real fish and a nice authentic atmosphere without all the fried fake americanized sushi. (fried krab covered with globs of sugary sauce is NOT sushi whatever anyone says)It's bittersweet that I have finally found a delicious sushi place that I can always go to for a fantastic meal when I am moving out of the state for college next week. Oh well, it will become a delectable treat whenever I come home or if I get really pathetic and need my real sushi fix maybe my mom will ship me some?hint hint :) just kidding.Fabulous place I will be back very soon!
4	We have been going to this wonderful Japanese Resaurant for years.  The food, all of it, is great and the sushi is always fresh and delicious.  The employees greet you when you arrive and thank you when you leave.  They have a lunch menu that runs from $7.50 to $10.99 and it is all great and there is plenty to fill you.  If you enjoy Sushi and Japanese food this is the place to go and the price is very good.
4	Definitely, one of my favorite sushi places.  They have a wide variety of different sushi to pick from.
5	I've eaten sushi all over the country, and Hiro Sushi is hands down the best sushi in Arizona.The location is a bit hidden away within the shopping center, and walking inside there aren't that many tables, but this smaller size gives more attention to the customer, and it results in great service from the staff!I find that almost everything I order here is great. Everything is made consistently fresh and great regardless of time of year. Hiro Sushi is also great for Japanese cuisine in general! The noodle soups and soba are other dishes I frequent, and there are excellent lunch and dinner packages that come with rice, soup, and salad.My recommendation? Go for the specials! The fried fish and teapot soup are very light and tasty. Don't be afraid to ask for something that isn't there! Chances are if you ask the waitress they still have plenty of that favorite dish coming up!It gets very crowded on a weeknight, so because of the small size of the restaurant, be sure to make a reservation a couple hours in advance. It's painful to wait an hour and watch people eat their fantastic food!It's a bit expensive compared to happy hours at other places, but who eats sushi to SAVE money? Hiro is truly quality over quantity, and I have never felt I've wasted a single dollar.
5	Best sushi place I've eaten at in the area. I've had Kabuki, Sakana, and Raw and this is by far the most authentic and least "Americanized" sushi place. They even have soba noodles and the appetizers are great (the sauce tastes authentic too). I had the agedashi tofu, fried oyster, mixed tempura, spider roll, and eel&cucumber roll, which were all very good and very filling. I got my order to go and they were really nice about it, packing it so that it didn't lose its taste. Will definitely be coming back!
5	Brought 5 homesick, cafeteria overloaded students here last night and it was fabulous. We had at least 12 rolls including the spider, caterpillar, and sedona, and the sushi was fresh, delicious, and beautifully presented. We also ordered off the menu, and my udon was great. The broth was flavorful and delicate, noodles not overcooked at all. The sushi chef was really quick banging out our orders (I guess we looked hungry!) and I was just very impressed how neatly it was presented AND good too. I guess I have been to too many sloppy sushi restaurants and am a little fed up with so-so efforts. I know that this will become one of our go-to spots whenever we come to Tempe/Scottsdale.
5	Best sushi in Arizona. No contest!
5	A Sushi bar that's all about substance and not flash! Hiro doesn't waste its space with a dark or flashy ambiance. It's a tiny restaurant with its Sushi bar on one side, and around a dozen tables on the other. You won't find the loud music and the Old Town crowd at this place. Instead, you'll find some of the best rolls in Arizona. We had orders of Spicy Tuna Roll, Spicy Salmon Roll, and asked them to make a Salmon and Avocado Roll (a great call by my girlfriend), and a small bottle of Saki. Hiro has a pretty good selection of Saki, not just the cheapest stuff to heat up for a Bomber. All three rolls may be simple, but with full confidence I can say they were better than all of the more popular Sushi bars. The staff is also very friendly. As we got up to leave we got a "goodbye" and "Thank you" from the server, all the chefs at the Sushi bar, and the hostess. As much as I enjoy the "scenery" at the flashy Scottsdale Sushi bars. I'm not going complain that I got to enjoy Sushi without them. If you're looking for great rolls, head to Hiro.
5	I have been a customer since the grand opening day in 1998. I am from the NY city area and know what great sushi is.  This is the only place to get good sushi here in AZ.  There are a lot of sushi places, but this one has Toro (blue-fin tuna) when in season.  Most places out here wont buy it because they cant sell enough of it to make it worthwhile.  All those in the "sushi know" eat at Hiro.  Hiro is from Japan and has brought his local knowledge to our little corner of Scottsdale.If you have to impress an out of towner, perhaps from California, take them here.  They'll realize you don't have to live on a coast to get fresh fish.  I have never had a bad meal.  Go be impressed, worth the wait.
5	Yummy sushi, reasonable prices and fresh.  Staff and chefs super friendly, will return!
4	Thank goodness for Yelp! This was such a great find. I had a looooong day at work, missed lunch, and was starving on my way back to my hotel. Stopped in to place an order to go. The hostess was UBBER friendly! I mean, I wasn't even at a table so didn't need waiter service, but they were so nice! Offered my water while I waited and overall just really nice staff.Now onto the food: I was a little disappointed in the sushi/roll options. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that I did order to-go and maybe they had more options at the sushi bar that I wasn't privy to, but from the menus, there was much. I settled on my go-to safe choice rainbow roll, seaweed salad, and salmon dinner. Told you I was hungry! The roll was great, but hey, it's a simple standard roll. My fav was the salmon. It was a nice piece of fish, almost like they skinned it right off of Nemo! Even had the skin on it, which I actually like. Came with salad, rice, and miso soup, which I thought smelled a little funny in the car ride, but it was VERY tasty! I did think the food was slightly pricey, but hey, most sushi places are. I will certainly be back to Hiro and this time dine-in. Thanks Yelp!
5	Best Sashimi and Sushi in the Area.  Excellent Service in a warm neighborhood setting.  Don't Miss it.
5	This spot is right in our neighborhood, but because we have a favorite sushi place nearby, we had never tried it. A friend told us to try it. We were not disappointed! My husband and I really dislike the "Scottsdale Sushi" experience where women are falling out of their dresses, music is loud and the sushi tastes like it was made last week.....worse yet, the people eating it don't know the difference. When we walked in the door at Hiro we knew we were in for a treat. A true Sushi room, Hiro is all about the Sushi. No music was playing, the sushi chefs were artists. Sitting at the bar was a joy. Eating in the presence of true Sushi lovers was also a joy. The Sashimi my husband ordered was "the freshest he has tasted" and everything else was amazing. For a little more money, we enjoyed fantasic sushi in a tiny and cozy space with great energy and wonderful service. This will be our spot from now on!
5	Hands down--best sushi I've had in Arizona. The tuna sashimi tempura was amazing. The flavors and textures were simply amazing. Top 5 sushi rolls ever.The sashimi tasted like the sea and was very tender. We had the toro = also amazing. Sit at the bar for quick service with the occasional joke from the chef.
4	Its good don't get me wrong. I've heard there is a soup to die for but I have yet to enjoy that. The sushi is great but the sushi for what it is I think is highly overpriced. 2 rolls for me for $30 is a tad steep but then again...welcome to Scottsdale. You do get what you pay for.
5	This place is ah-mazing.  It's a family-owned business and they came from LA to Arizona to setup shop.  The sushi is so yummy.  We had Toro and a rainbow roll.  The quality of fish is excellent.  I also had the udon noodle soup which I split with my mom.  It was the perfect accompaniment to a chilly winter day.  You can split it easily, and they bring you the bowls and spoons to do so.  It even has a soft boiled egg in it! YummyThe menu has more than standard rolls, there are a lot of fusion rolls to choose from!They also had hot green tea that was so good.This place is intimate and welcoming, definitely worth becoming a regular at!
5	Best of the best.  This is THE sushi place in all of Scottsdale and the surrounding cities in the Phoenix area.  Having lived in Japan, I have tasted the real good sushi and other traditional Japanese dishes like udon, tonkatsu.   The fish is always fresh, some flown in from Japan. On a regular night, Hiro and his sons are behind the counter, making sushi for the customers.  During the cooler months, I like to order the nabeyaki udon and some rolls like toro, caterpillar, rainbow, spicy tuna etc.  The nigiri and sashimi are amazing.  Sometimes, I like to order the bento selection with tempura and tonkatsu as my favorite choices.  The tempura here is just the way it should be, light and crunchy.  Seriously, Hiro Sushi is an oasis in the desert state of Arizona, can't get any better... Totemo oichi desu...  (very delicious)
4	Hiro is a pretty traditional Japanese sushi restaurant.  I've been eating there for over ten years and it's always consistently good. Don't bother going to Hiro if you are looking for trendy sushi that is plated with a flaming sugar cube amid a radish blossom - not gonna happen.  But if you are looking for some high quality raw fish, Hiro is a very solid call.
5	This is what willis was talking about!I tried to find decent sushi in the Scottsdale area and i failed again and again until I hit up Hiro last night. Great place! Good Sake selection, delicious hamachi kama and the freshest sashimi that i've found in the area. You are getting what you are paying for here.We tried almost all the sashimi available here including the toro and ankimo and everything was pretty good. For some reason, the american sushi chef guy put the hirame to swim in ponzu sauce which upset me a little. but i will let this slide. Will probably have to pass on the toro next time too.Try the hamachi kama if they have it available!My coworkers and I will be back here soon. very soon.
5	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday... In fact we just left there and I just have to say..this place is AWESOME! We both come from Hawai'i and have never had sushi this good since we left home! The staff is awesome,great great service.. And the sushi chefs are on POINT!! Defiantly coming back!!!
5	My family and I have been regular patrons of this restaurant since before yelp even existed!! The owner, Hiro-san, is the friendliest man ever :)  When I was a little girl he would used to carve me flowers and animals out of carrots in his spare time to keep a bored kid in an adult's dinner party happy and occupied. Now that the restaurant's so successful he has barely any time to make it in and out of the kitchen! But he never fails gives us a huge grin and welcoming wave whenever he sees us.  The staff here is so friendly that when I walk in the doors I always feel at ease.  It's the same feeling as returning home to food and an experience that I KNOW is going to be amazing and satisfying.Now on to the food...my family and I come to this restaurant AT LEAST once every month.  Since this place is a must-go whenever we have guests visiting, and we've had numerous guests visit us this past month, we have been to HIro's once every week!  Even with all the frequent dining at this restaurant for so many years, we're never tired of it because it is JUST THAT GOOD.  The food is authentic (as I already knew but again confirmed by my visiting friends from Japan) and the quality very fresh.  The following is a list of our favorites:- miso soup- no explanation necessary :)- spicy tuna roll- catepillar roll- ADORABLE looking and everyone whose had it swears it's delicious.  I believe them but I don't eat eel so I've never tried it.- toro- excellent quality!!- hiyayakko- cold tofu with bonito flakes paired with scallions and ginger.  Pour some soy sauce over it and you have a light, healthy, but tasty appetizer.- nasumiso- miso glazed eggplants. You can't go wrong with this one, trust me.- hamachi kama- yellowtail collar.  The meat is so tender and the sauce they have with it totally makes the dish.  Be sure to squeeze some lemon on it as well!- dynamite- a seafood mix baked in a special sauce.  This is a dish you won't see elsewhere.  It's very rich but also very unique.- halibut carpaccio- raw sliced halibut with sliced scallions and tomatoes.  They pour hot oil over it to half-cook it.  Kind of Italian-Japanese fusion, and very creative!- zaru soba- authentic Japanese soba noodles. Refreshing and perfect for a hot summer day.- green tea ice cream- if you're feeling up to desert, definitely give this a try.  Green tea is my personal favorite and it's actually hard to find good quality ice cream in that flavor!  Their GT ice cream is definitely NOT the cheap gross ones I've unfortunately purchased once at a supermarket...That should be enough to get you started! There are so many more great dishes I could list but these are the ones we always come back to :)  Branch out and give everything a try! This would be the place to try new things because you can be at ease knowing that anything you order will be of a certain caliber. We tried the sesame roll for the first time yesterday and it was surprising, creative, and delicious.  :)Hopefully my super long, and way overdue review of this restaurant will convince you to go try it out, or even just try some new dishes!  Now go make your reservation...I promise you won't be disappointed!!
3	I still maintain that a great sushi bar does not have to be near a coast to be fantastic! Hiro unfortunately is just not all that great. Rice was overcooked and grainy. The variety of fish was ok, the quality was mediocre. Fish does not have to be caught the same day to be the best tasting.  Ask Any sushi chef and he will tell you that there are certain species that taste better a few days old. So it comes to selection, storage, and cut.   Toro was served so cold it almost felt frozen, a few others were too cold as well. Tai was not the same premium tai that you Might find at a 5 star sushi bar. I'm sure there is a great sushi bar in the Phoenix area, but Hiro is not it.
5	This is a great place for sushi. It's always fresh and tasty. They have one of the best seaweed salads in Phoenix. They are also have inari which is a fav of mine and very difficult to find around here. I'd recommend the veggie roll as well. I never eat tempura or teriyaki so I can't comment on those selections.
5	Sushi.  You either love it or you, well, don't.  And don't think you love it if what you really like is deep fried cream cheese topped with Siracha.  That is not sushi.Hiro is Sushi.  The location, in a strip mall on 90th street, is decidedly un-sexy.  We've been three three tims this year and I always see the same things:- Actual Japanese guys working the sushi bar- Actual Japanese people eating there- really fresh fish- Friendly staffThe restaurant has an ols school Japanese bistro feel.  The service is friendly and warm.  The sushi is spectacular.  We had salmos, Hamachi, Unagi, and tuna.  All were fresh, melt in your mouth tender and had the kind of flavor you want your sushi to have.  No tadpoles here.  No cloudy dilm.  Just pure, fresh from the ocean goodness.  They have some nice specialty rolls, and we tried a few.  Prices were reasonable.  Rolls average 8-10 bucks a pop.  Nigiri runs 4-7 bucks a pair.  Now, this is one Japanese place where I wat to try the actual food.  The tempura on the shrimp tempura roll is what other batters aspire to be.  Light, crunchy, not greasy.  Like the thought of batter.  I can only imagine what a plate of it would be like.  well, maybe I won't imagine.Anyway, highly recommended.
4	We drove 20 mins to try this place. I was craving sushi while we're here in the phoenix/scottsdale area. Overall, I agree this is a good place. Not awesome but good enough. I definitely would come back again next time we're in town.I didn't like the over salted edamame. Yuck. Cut back the salt please.The tempura udon was too SALTY. I ate the udon and didn't bother with the broth. This is the first place that separated the tempura from the broth. I never understood why they would place the tempura in the broth. It gets all soggy.
4	I've been searching for high quality sushi for months, and I finally found it!  Hiro is a smaller, unpretentious establishment with enthusiastic and well-trained sushi chefs. We sat at the sushi bar (we opted for first-available seating)--I loved watching the chefs slice each cut of fish with precision and flawless technique. Hiro gets my stamp of approval because they actually listened to me when I said I wanted a LOT of ginger. Yes, an entire plate piled high is what I mean by a lot!  Thank you Hiro!We had edamame (perfectly cooked with just the right amount of salt), the squid salad (the sauce was the perfect compliment to the fish), crazy roll, striped roll, and unagi, tuna and scallop nigri. Each cut of fish was extremely generous and tasted fresh. There was a LOT of rice in the crazy roll, which was good (balanced out the tempura shrimp) and bad (I prefer to fill up on fish, not rice).   Everything is made-to-order, and the chefs hand over the plates with pride; I've been to countless sushi joints where the chefs whip out as much product as they can without giving any care to the quality.  Not at Hiro!  Everything comes together deliciously because of their carefully prepared components. We finished with the hot green tea--no need for sugar here because of its subtle (not artificial!) sweetness.  My favorite part was the mochi!  They serve the best kind, something I've been searching for since Sushi Den and Izakaya Den (premier sushi restaurants) in Denver. We had the red bean and green tea. Mochi is hard to describe, but its a creamy, perfectly portioned, and refreshing treat!
4	First of all, don't be put off by the strip mall locale; Hiro is the real deal. Delicious, fresh fish, artfully sushified for me ... light, crispy tempura and tasty teriyaki, generously plated for my husband and my son. Excellent service and reasonable prices rounded out the experience. Highly recommended. Dinner at Hiro will certainly be on the agenda next time we make it back to Scottsdale!
5	i absolutely love this place. super fresh, authentic, delicious, and good service. definitely the best sushi around.
5	I eat a lot of sushi, and I'm a snobby bitch about it, so that might translate to the fact that I'm a decent critic of sushi, or just that I'm a snobby bitch. Either way, I attest that Hiro stands out above the sushi fray in Scottsdale where there's a sushi joint for every man, woman & child. If you don't believe me, well... more sushi for me. Hiro is not a place to be seen. Its about the chow, and to say its old school is like saying Sarah Palin might have had an Alex P Keaton poster on her wall in high school. The fish is spectacular, the plating is gorgeous, but perhaps most notable is the expertise. I sat in front of Take, one of the four chefs on staff and was mezmerized watching him cut fish. I mean.... I've been to some acclaimed sushi restaurants.. but there is just something when you watch someone who lives this stuff, rather than just someone who's come to it by trade. On my last visit, there were a number of Japanese businessmen who came in, with their own sake, and sat in front of Hiro himself. This says a lot, and if you experience the same, follow our advice: say to the chef: "we'll have whatever they have".
5	Great sashimi, everything is fresh and prepared gracefully.Not to be racist, but youve got real japanese chefs, waitresses, and patrons here. Never knew there would be so many Japanese people in Scottsdale, AZ.One thing they can improve is to expand their sake menu, but their sushi is legit.
5	Best sushi in the Phoenix area!  I originally heard about this place from a sushi chef at another restaurant.  I asked him where he went when he wanted sushi, and he said to Hiro!  The best thing about Hiro Sushi is that the average customer has a sophisticated palate, so they can offer all the exotic stuff nobody else has.  If it is your first time, sit at the far left of the sushi bar (that is where the owner, Hiro-san does his work).  Tell him you are "at his mercy" and see what he gives you!
5	AWESOME! My husband and I lived in Tokyo for a few years, so our standards for sushi are rather high. We tried this place for the first time and immediately stepping in the door, I knew it would be good. From the welcoming "irashai!" from the sushi chefs, to the sound of Japanese banter from behind the sushi bar, and the Japanese customers, this is the real deal. The sushi was fabulous, with many exotic options that are just not found in very many places in Arizona. The sushi and rolls were fresh, pretty, and delicious. This is the best sushi I've eaten in Arizona and we'll be frequenting this neighborhood sushi bar often. I highly, highly recommend.
5	Fantastic hidden gem. From the outside it looks like a little dentist office, but inside is a traditional sushi restaurant, half actual sushi bar, half sit down restaurant. The sushi chefs are authentic Japanese, and the ingredients are extremely fresh. Rarely have I found a sushi joint this far from the sea that has Ahi that has ZERO fishy smell. They are flexible with adapting if you want a custom roll. One of the chefs even turned a regular ahi sashimi dish in to a rose for me and my girlfriend. The prices are fair and they have several Japanese beers that are delicious. If you are a sushi fan, you owe it to yourself to check this place out. Sit at the sushi bar, its great to watch these guys work.
5	Yum! Husband and I went here on mother's day. Super fresh fish, delicious rolls. Ate the deep fried soft shell crab as well. Tasty! About 1/2 way through our meal, Steven Seagal sat down with an entourage. Our server was also theirs, and still the service was good. We were greeted by the sushi chefs, and saw that they were talking and joking with each other and the patrons. Great atmosphere.
4	As a North Scottsdale resident, I hate to admit it but good sushi and sashimi are kind of hard to come by.  This is not to say that there is a dearth of sushi places available, just that most places suck.  However, Hiro had been recommended by several friends and, of course, there are glowing Yelp reviews.  So it was with high hopes that a friend and I stopped by for lunch a couple of weeks ago.  As mentioned in other reviews, the decor is not much to look at.  However, I have had good luck with other sushi places in strip malls (Hana, Yen & Yasu), so this did not really affect me.  Bring on the fresh fish and I'll forgive just about anything.  And Hiro delivered on this front.  The Toro was delicious and the Uni was just right.  We also took a run at the Hiro Roll, thinking that the restaurant's namesake roll would be a shining example.  Unfortunately, the flavors did not quite meld for me and the eel sauce was anything but special.  Perhaps it was the asparagus  . . .  I addition, I was not really impressed with the the flavors in the miso soup - it kind of felt like they were just going through the motions here.
5	WoW!   So legit, the real Japanese sushi experience is at Hiro.  Without any special motif or hip Scottsdale decor, it's Japanese and sushi at it's BEST!  Chefs..Japanese, who greeted every person that was walking through the door. It's  pretty small place, like ones found in Japan, and has one of the longest sushi bars I've seen in Arizona.   With daily specials written on the wall including conch (From Florida) in miso to spicy scallop rolls that are sweet and spicy.  The seaweed salad is always a great way to being your meal, Hiro's tempura was crispy and light, and the sushi was very fresh.  It is so hard to find a REAL sushi house and this one that I will be going back again and again!  The service was great all in all from beginning to finish.  We walked in not knowing what to expect, the prices seemed reasonable for sushi and we walked out knowing this hidden gem, is the place to be for sushi !  P.S.First Asian restaurant I've seen in Scottsdale, that I've seen alot of Japanese go to, AWESOME cause I know it must be fresh and good! And it was.
4	friendly staff and some good rolls. Not my favorite place in the greater Phoenix area but definitely up there. Hiro gets pretty busy on the weekends so making a reservation is recommended.
5	Love searching out great sushi wherever I go.  This definitely hit the mark. These days so many sushi places are not very authentic - this is clearly staffed by Japanese who know what they are doing!  Very small - so call ahead.
5	There is a great scene in the movie High Fidelity where John Cusack's character, Rob Gordon is "dying a long slow death" at a dinner party full of pretentious, nouveau riche snobs, including the beautiful Catherine Zeta-Jones. Rob thinks to himself..... "Of course there's envy: why isn't my life like this? Sure I want their money and clothes and jobs and opinions. And I'd like to have advice on jet lag, but that's not it. I mean they're not bad people and I'm not a class warrior, it's something else." If I were to sit here and attempt to write an educated, articulate and accurate appraisal of how good Hiro's sushi is than I would be just like one of those snobs Rob so despised.  I wish I could tell you how I could taste the freshness of Hiro's tuna, or how the mackerel was served at just the right temperature, but I need to recognize my culinary limitations. I have never lived near the ocean. I have never been to Japan, and until about two years ago all I ever knew of sushi were the ubiquitous "rolls" that we have come to know all too well. Lately however I have been ordering more sashimi and nigiri trying to learn the nuanced flavors of the fish, rice and combination of the two. I will try to stop dunking everything in soy sauce and wasabi, and whenever possible I will order omakase and let the chef take over. For the time being I believe that Hiro is a really good place to continue my sushi education. My first visit went well. The restaurant itself certainly passes the eyeball test. Hiro appears to be very authentic. The service was friendly and fast, and the fish portions were very generous. And yes, everything I had tasted wonderful, I just don't yet have the expertise to be able to honestly explain exactly why it was better than other sushi joints around town.
4	I have worked and lived near this place for many years and remember when it first opened. They used to advertise lunch specials and happy hour to get customers in the door and oddly I never heard any comments about it until YELP. With so many great compliments in Yelp, my hubby and I decided to give it a try. We ordered the calamari to start and it was very delicately done but not much of it.  They have mackerel but it is called spanish mackerel--it was still very good. We enjoyed a tasty assortment of sushi that was beautifully presented. My only gruff is that the sushi crab is the fake Krab, but at least they note it on the menu.
5	After a long afternoon lying by the pool, hungry, looking for happy hour deals, we found Hiro Sushi in N. Scottsdale.  No happy hour here, but they offer high quality Japanese food at an affordable price. My favorite was the tempura dish. It was perfectly fried and so crispy.  You can taste that they used clean oil to fry, not like other restaurants.  The sushi rolls were very fresh and well prepared. This is my new favorite Japanese restaurant in N. Scottsdale.
4	Great little place. All the sushi was good, but the flying fish roe was put together loose and the eggs spilled in my soy sauce :[ but they were still good. Very friendly sushi chefs.
4	This is a hidden gem.  Had the sashimi lunch combination and received an ample selection and amount of sushi.  It was the sort of sashimi you would expect to receive in a high-end sushi bar.  Service was great.  The only drawback is that the restaurant is small, and that it fills up quick, so you may have to wait for your table.  But the wait is well worth it!
5	I grew up in sunny California eating a ton of sushi and loving every minute of it. When I moved to Phoenix I was resigned to the fact that my sushi days were probably over. I was not a fan of the chain sushi restaurants so many people rave about and frequent. I rate my sushi bars by the quality and the interest level of the food and not their creative roll names or multiple uses for mayo and imitation crab. Hiro sushi has put my sushi yearning heart to rest. The fish is fresh. The specials board is full of really interesting and different options. We encountered multiple people who frequent the place on a weekly basis and they informed us that the boards are always changing and they have never been disappointed. All in all I walked out of there full and excited that I was not going to have to drive to the coast for my fix!
3	I'm from S. Cali where the Sushi options are plentiful. Moving to AZ I've been in desperate need of finding a local sushi spot that would be at least semi-comparable to the quality we get back in LA and at reasonable price-points. Taking in to consideration that the fish might be fresher and not previously frozen because LA has its harbors, I went to Hiro's with lower expectations so I wouldn't be disappointed. Overall, the ambiance and the sushi quality is pretty good for being in AZ. However, the prices are a bit high as to be expected being that it is located in Scottsdale and that the rent and getting quality fish so far inland from the coast would raise cost. The portions could be larger to justify the higher prices. Moreover, I don't understand WHY the bento boxes (i.e. Teriyaki Chicken & Mixed Tempura) is priced so high! For that reason, I probably won't be returning here, especially if I want non-fish options. That kind of stuff shouldn't be priced so high because it's produced locally. I would understand if it were Kobe beef or something.. but chicken? And to add insult to injury, the chicken that I received that night was a bit on the dry side. Not sure if it was an isolated incident but for the high price I expect quality or even naturally raised organic style chicken...now we're talking! Anyway, now I feel cheated in that respect. Sorry Hiro, on to the next spot!
3	After moving from Chicago to Scottsdale, this was one of the first places we tried  Overall, I felt underwhelmed.  After hearing that this was one of the best sushi places in Scottsdale, I expected something great.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  My Sapporo was great (and much needed in this July heat!) and the sushi was fine.  My favorite was a roll with fried fish skin in it -- not sure what it was called, but it was tasty.  I would go back, but it is not a favorite for me!
4	Really good sushi! I'm from San Fran, and usually skeptical about eating Sushi in AZ, but this place is the exception. My dad dragged me in and i ended up really enjoying myself. Great service and phenomenal tempura, deff get an order of that with your sushi (same with tempura rolls). Toro rolls and shrimp were both really tasty.Also it looks like they keep the place really clean which is comforting. Definitely will be my sushi spot from now on living in Scottsdale.
4	Paid a visit after a long research of reviews trying to find the best sushi place in Phoenix. Everything on the sashimi platter is very fresh. You really are getting what you are paying for.
3	Came here for dinner last night just because I craved for sushi and not knowing how sushi places taste like here I just decided on this one due to good yelp reviews. Well some of the rolls and sushi we ordered were either a hit or miss..$4.95 2pc - Salmon Sushi was great - big fatty piece of salmon, hint of wasabi and just the right amount of rice underneath. $5.50 2pc - Yellowtail Sushi wasn't bad either. $4.95 2pc - Albacore Sushi - ehh not a big fan of albacore.$12.95 Spicy Ribbon roll - consist of spicy tuna in the center and topped with salmon and avocado - liked it$6.95 Spicy Scallop Roll - ehhh not sure I like it as a roll...usually it's the two piece with the seaweed wrapped outside and the scallops are on top. but this one is a full roll and I got tired of the taste by the third bite. $5.95 Salmon Skin Roll - again this wasn't really good as a roll...better as a hand roll... Overall the service was great I even tipped an additional four dollars to the sushi chef that served us at the bar and they were constantly clearing out our empty plates. The food on the other hand was just so-so...tasted semi-fresh...not like it's right out of the ocean..lol but going in I didn't expect it to taste like it's right out the ocean after all we are in the desert! This was a relatively small restaurant...it was quite busy though. The prices were pretty high....we ended up eating like $50 something dollars worth of sushi...we don't usually surpass $40 for two in California with the same amount of food and of good fresh quality. But eh I guess it somewhat curbed my sushi craving for the time being.
5	If you are the type who thinks a good sushi joint needs loud techno music and scantily clad (incompetent) wait staff, Hiro Sushi is not for you. If you are the type who enjoys sushi prepared by people who know what they are doing Hiro is the spot for you. They have a wide selection of rolls and sashimi, the staff is very friendly, and the facilities are clean.Hiro is also a popular spot for Japanese celebrities and athletes. That is a pretty obvious clue concerning the authenticity of the sushi they serve.
4	Had lunch with a friend here one day several months ago and I was very impressed with their daily special including hand rolls.  I will definitely be going back there.
5	If you are interested in having the best sushi in valley.  This Japanese owned and operated restaurant is for you.    My mother in law lives in Japan comes back to visit once a year and she always insists on coming to Hiro, because she remembers it as being most similar to sushi in Japan.   In Japan, my inlaws don't actually order food.  They simply let the Sushi chef choose what he feels like feeding us.  If you operate under this principle at Hiro Sushi, prices will augment.
3	So, we decided to come here because of the reviews and well, I wasn't very impressed, especially after such a long drive. I was content with the sashimi and happy that they didn't charge extra when they served extra hamachi, but was a little irritated with the rolls. The cucumber rolls were dry, and the spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail rolls were mediocre at best. Overall, the quality of their sashimi was good, but you'll have to pay for it. A little to over priced for what we ordered. Probably won't be making a second trip here unless we are in the area.
3	This place is not the cheapest nor the best.But this place does have the most decent food.The tempura is good.Sushi is fresh. And the portion is pretty generous.The staff very friendly.But why I gave them 3. Because their presentation sucks. The sushi roll doesn't stay put. I mean, it literally break apart when you try to pick em up.I still keep coming here, because I haven't found other place yet. the only bad part of travelling to a different place, is .. hard to find a good sushi place. and I'm still looking.
1	I've been to Hiro before and while I admit that the sushi is fresh and decent, it wasn't mindblowing by any means.  The reason why I'm giving one star though, is because my brother made reservations to eat here and we didn't get to because upon arrival, we waited 15 minutes for our table to "clear up" and then we were told that it would be at least another 20 minute wait.  It's obviously good enough for it to be crowded, but customer service was beyond horrible - what's the point of a reservation if you have to wait over 35 minutes for a table that was supposedly reserved?  And when I told the host we were leaving, he could not have cared less, nor was he remotely apologetic. . . I won't be going back.
4	This place is really awesome! The food is very fresh and the prices are totally reasonable. The people are really friendly and I will definitely be back :)
2	today I went there for dinner.boy, the quality drop significantly. the fish was bad. the rice was bad. after all this time, :( I guess its time to start looking for new sushi place.
5	If you want real japanese this is the place.
4	Very good sushi, but not my favorite in the valley by any means. I will probably be going back in the future though at some point.
4	My family has been frequenting Hiro for many years.  It about as close to authentic Japanese sushi as you can find in the Valley.  The staff are super friendly and consistently good.  I guess the prices are reasonable.  You can eat sushi for less but it probably won't be as good.
5	If you want authentic, high quality sushi in the Phoenix area....look no further.  Located in a little strip mall, Hiro Sushi is not flashy, fancy, or trendy...but that's part of why its so great.  It's a tiny restaurant and its always packed, so you will probably have a little bit of a wait if you come during peak hours.  Most of the people that come here are all dedicated Hiro regulars it seems.  Once you try it, it WILL become your go-to sushi joint.  I think its always best to sit at the sushi bar so you can interact with the chefs.  Leo is the man and who I usually wait for, but they are all great guys and all very talented!As I've said in some of my other sushi restaurant reviews, I'm a stickler for quality and freshness with my sushi.  Hiro has it nailed down here.  If its not fresh, they won't serve it.  I don't know if I can count how many things I've tried here but not a single thing stands out to me that I have ever disliked.  All of the fish melts in your mouth and all the pieces are properly sized and cut.  My recommendation is to just go and have them make you whatever is best.  They always have a sizeable amount of fish specials that they get in, you can never go wrong with one of those.  One highlight is the spanish mackrel....if they have it, order it.  It is prepared fresh, right in front of you...and it is out of this world.
4	The sushi is pretty good and the staff is friendly. I'd definitely go back and recommend this place to a friend.
3	Before I delve into my personal experience at Hiro, I will discuss the important factors of, what makes a good sushi restaurant, according to my criteria. For credibility I've eaten sushi my entire life, everywhere from Cali to Vegas to Thailand. I believe I can distinguish between the different levels of quality in regards to sushi grade fish. - Fish Quality    I ordered the dinner sashimi platter ($21), 2 orders of the spanish mackeral nigiri($11), 1 order of the giant clam nigiri ($11).              *The sashimi was average, and the tuna had a distinct "fishy" smell to it. The portions were of average size, and the layout was aesthetically pleasing. The Spanish Mackeral was OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD! I highly recommend it, albeit the cuts are small, the fish is delicious. The giant clam was overpriced based on its size and freshness. - Rice Quality    This is pretty hard to mess up. The rice is perfectly balanced as it should be. The fish to rice ratio was good. I went into this restaurant with high expectations, first from the high reviews on Yelp, and second upon entering the restaurant you are overwhelmed by an abundance of Japanese celebrity pictures plastered all throughout the entrance. They are all somehow affiliated with the restaurant/owner. The pictures suggest that these Japanese celebrities have eaten at this restaurant and give their thumb of approval. 3 stars because this restaurant, in regards to nigiri and sashimi, were just average. The problem with sushi reviews on Yelp is that you get a lot of "reviewers" talking about rolls and sake bombers. It's sad but true that so many people will judge a restaurant based on how good their rolls are when the true judgment of a sushi restaurant should be in the quality of their fish. The sushi reviews on this restaurant and others here in phoenix are skewed, because restaurants accommodate too much to their target audience, and unfortunately their target audience does not include me. The phoenix sushi market is tailored towards the "noobies" of sushi, this trend in phoenix has led to inaccurate reviews of restaurants.Who cares about how much mayonnaise, sriracha, imitation crab, and fried stuff a place can put in a roll, lets talk about the good stuff, the stuff that people crave. I have given up on sushi in Phoenix, from now on I will get my sushi fix from Cali, Vegas, or Seattle. You can't go wrong with these places, the sushi is tailored towards sashimi connoisseurs and true sushi fanatics. It's unfortunate but Phoenix is a noob city when it comes to sushi.
4	So me and my boy decided to hit this spot up because I was here like 2 weeks ago and liked it. This place does not disappoint the Tuna here is FRESH and Delicious. This place was crowded on Friday at 7:30 we had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated but it was well worth it. Once seated the food came out fast and was superb, I don't drink but my friend got a beer and said it was well priced. As of today this is my favorite Sushi spot!
4	Good food, good ambiance, good prices. I have been coming here for as long as I can remember.  The fish is always fresh, except for maybe a time or two in the dead of summer. But eating sushi in the summer in Az is always kinda iffy anyway!It's usually pretty busy here, but the wait is never too long for a table. I love sitting at the sushi bar here, the chefs are friendly and entertaining.!
5	If you're here for lunch, do the lunch combo: mixed tempura and fried oysters!Sushi is great here is well. The atmosphere is kinda tight and noisy but during lunch hours on weekdays it is to be expected with all the business people who come here for feeding time. The lunch menu is decently priced and the food is great and the service is awesome.
4	I approve of this place. Although the food is not phenomenal, this is the best I have found across the valley so far. The food tastes authentic and there are actual Japanese people working. This place is simply at another level compared with the many fake sushi places around.
4	Hiro Sushi is amazing and if you're in the East valley or on the East side of Scottsdale you've got to try it.We we're introduced by friends of our who are living in North Scottsdale and were blown away by the food. A little hole in the wall owned, managed and run by a Japanese family originally from Okinawa...We sat at the bar and noticed all the fresh fish that is flown in daily. The eel was superb along with the yellowtail and speciality rolls.We will be going back when we are on that side of town!
4	Definitely a cool place to hang with great food. After reading the yelp reviews, my husband and I made the trek to this establishment. I must say, we were not disappointed with anything. Fast, clean, friendly, fresh service and food. I give it a four only because the sushi menu was very small and limited. However, the portions and items we chose were mouth watering delicious. I love sushi and there isnt much I havent tried. The customers next to us had a lot of questions and I helped recommend a few items to them, which they loved. I decided to finally try mochi and had the green tea and mango flavors. It literally made me smile and giggle it was so good. I know we will be back!!! I suggest sushi lovers and newbies check it out. I also suggest you order the butterfish. The presentation is a lot fun.
5	This place gets it right on all levels.  Extremely friendly and attentive staff, knowledgable and enthusiastic sushi chefs, superior grade sashimi, an eclectic variety of specials, and a menu that offers everything from Soba noodles to Chicken Teriyaki.On our visit, we sampled the following specials:Jellyfish Sunomono (a jellyfish and cucumber salad.  Jellyfish has virtually the same texture and taste as a seaweed salad)Ankimo or Monkfish Pate: It is essentially a sea foie gras and comes from a fish whose flavor is likened to lobster.  On its own the flavor is lacking, but dipped in a citrus ponzu it is delectable!Agemono Ibodai or Fried Butterfish: Even though the fish is served whole, the tender meat from the belly is cut up, fried individually, and made easy for eating by hand.For our main course, we asked the sushi chef to create a Sashimi plate for us.  It included:Kazunoko, or Herring roe.  It was pinkish, firm, and with a rubbery texture and appearance.  It came in a single cohesive mass and so it looked like a piece of sushi, but was crunchy and overall strange.Abura Bouzu or Escolar.  This is not to be confused with white tuna, or pretty much any type of sushi you have ever had.  I have to say that it was the most delectable, soft, creamy, rich fish I have ever had.  Better than a cut of Bluefin Toro!  Bright white in color and quite fatty, this fish is not always easy to find - in fact you will rarely see it on sushi menus due to the high levels of fatty esters.  It is known to cause digestive issues with some individuals, and for that reason has been prohibited in Japan since the 1970s.  I myself had mild cramping later that evening, but I can honestly say it's worth it!Whitefish: Less fatty than salmon.  It certainly has a lighter, smoother flavor - but I prefer more fat and texture in my sushi.Ahi Maguro or Yellowfin Tuna: Beautiful deep red color, soft, meaty texture and clean taste.  Wonderful fish!With a large bottle of hot Osake Sake, our bill was about $100.  I believe the majority of the cost came from the chef's special sashimi platter, as the average cost of a special was about $8.This is definitely a place for people who know and love good sushi, and would highly recommend it.  Not only for the quality of its dishes, but the wonderful service.
5	Hiro Sushi you are delicious. I honestly have dreams about your sushi.
4	If you're looking for the diametric opposite of Sopporro or Pearl, come to the light side. Enter Hiro.  It's void of a club scene, the quality of the food is stellar, and while it's not cheap, it's justifiable. Their udon, sashimi, salads, and rolls are all delicious, fresh, and expertly prepared. This is the place where my friends from Japan go to eat when they want Japanese food... that's right, no cougars or scenesters. Mostly Asians (always a great sign at sushi place), couples, and families. Oh, and their green tea is fantastic, as is their sake selection.Hiro really knows its stuff when it comes to Japanese food, especially when compared to the other options in Scottsdale. I'd give them 5 stars, but the prices and total lack of atmosphere renders me a standard fan, not quite a cult follower.
5	love it best sushi on the planet great service good crowd servers very helpful with menu the best highly recommend
4	Small space . .Great food.short wait.friendly staff. Friendly patrons, who obviously love the place. Will certainly be back next time I am in town
5	Authentic JapaneseService is great: quick and friendly!I have been here a few times and the fish always tastes very fresh especially for being a sushi place in the valley. I always enjoy getting a seat at the sushi bar so I can talk it up with the chef.for the adventurous: Ask the chef to make you their own specialty dish, my taste buds have never been disappointed!
3	For Arizona, I think this is one of the better options around. What makes this place decent is the quality of the sushi and the service. The sushi is not mind blowing amazing, but its not terrible either; perfect for a casual lunch or dinner.
4	Hiro Sushi is the best sushi in Scottsdale and possibly the valley. I have never been a big sushi fan until my husband took me to Hiro's. My motto was, if we're going to do sushi I'm going to need a lot of wine. I wasn't a fish fan either...can you tell? So you can see that for Hiro Sushi to get a good review from me is saying something. Since we have been going there, I've tried all kinds of sushi and have fallen in love with it. Hiro and his son are super nice and always recommend the best dishes for me. If you are a sushi fan you've got to go to this little hole-in-the-wall restaurant. The atmosphere is just okay and it's in a small strip mall BUT the sushi and staff are absolutely top notch.
5	What a great place this is. I've recently become obsessed with sushi. I used to hate it, now I crave it on a daily basis. I want to eat everything with chopsticks... pizza... hotdogs... soup. whatever. I was really in the mood for something spicy and I'm totally over the chain "Japanese/sushi" establishments, i really wanted something authentic. Yelp to the rescue! It was a Friday night at about 8:30 and they were packed, I take that as a good sign. If the food is that good, I don't mind waiting. I was able to use my time to read the menu and decide on my meal. My seat at the sushi bar was great. The chefs are so animated and alive. They all talk to each other in a funky mix of Japanese and English while they make your meal. I started with the potstickers and they were delicious. Flavorful and hot and the perfect moistness, tenderness and crispy bottom. Perfect! Loved the scallion soy dipping sauce.Then i had the Crazy Roll. This is shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, avocado and cucumber. Huge and fresh and great. Could definitely have been way spicier for me, but I guess that's what wasabi is for. I would definitely come back and try everything else! One glass of wine, one appetizer and one roll = about $25 with tip. Not bad!
4	A lot of Yelpers are very excited about Hiro Sushi here in Scottsdale, and it is conceivable that Hiro is one of the best sushi places around. However, being from San Francisco I am not quite as taken by it. It's a good sushi place, and that's all it is. The quality of the fish seems fairly average. I did try the miso soup and shrimp tempura both of which were quite good. The caterpillar, rainbow, and philly rolls however were nothing special, although the spicy yellowtail roll was great. The service was wonderful, everyone was really friendly, and the decor of the restaurant was nice - transporting you far away from the drab parking lot exterior. The prices are fairly high, though. The special rolls such as the rainbow roll is around $13 and their famous diamond back roll is a $18! Salmon nigiri is $5.50 I think which is more expensive than a lot of sushi restaurants I've been to in San Francisco. Overall it's a good sushi restaurant and clearly deserves 4 stars here in Scottsdale, although in San Francisco I would probably only give it 3 stars.
5	Looking for a smaller legit place for good sushi? This is your place. It's small, not glam and quiet. Thank God :)We finally have found our neighborhood sushi joint. :)
4	4.5 in my book.  The fish is beautifully cut, as well as generous in size.  And fresher than I've has in quite a while.  Nigiri was best, the rolls were yummy - Diamondback and Crazy - but not amazing.  But still really solid in technique and flavor.  Seaweed salad was perfectly seasoned, which is hard to find.  Make a reservation or be prepared to wait.  Sushi chefs are quite friendly; perhaps the hostess could take a few tips from them?
5	Excellent sushi and service! Big selection, lots of specials. Neighborhood sushi restaurant that is better than many others in Scottsdale. Only drawback is that it's small & gets crowded easily.
5	Best sushi I've ever had!It's so fresh, it's so melt-in-your mouth delicious, it's pretty much the best sushi I've had the pleasure of trying.Our party ordered lots of salmon, lots of tuna, and my all time favorite, lots of yellowtail.  We also had a variety of rolls too.  Everything, from the appetizer to the sushi was omnomnom.The seaweed salad was perfectly seasoned, probably the best I've had.  The fish was generously and perfectly cut.  I'm usually not a fan of tuna, but the tuna was so delicious, I ate lots of it.  Obviously I stuffed myself with salmon and yellowtail nigiri.I'm pretty sure I gained 20lbs after gobbling up everything.
3	Once again, I was craving sushi.I read your reviews, and decided to take the small leap (if there is such a thing) into Hiro Sushi. We ordered the Rainbow roll, Crazy Roll and Crunchy California Roll.All were pretty good. Not great (sorry) but good. The people that work there are darling, nice and attentive. Maybe I"ve had too much sushi all over the planet,or am too picky (or spoiled with killer sushi?) but this was good,  not great. Scottsdale peeps, try Dozo...it looks like an old Jack In the Crack from the outside, but inside? Pretty. Most importantly, they have awesome sushi.Anyone in the Chandler/Awautukee area? Try Sushi Eye (on Warner)...
5	Another Yelp-led awesomeness.When I searched for restaurants in Scottsdale and came upon Hiro Sushi, I was a bit skeptical. It definitely did not seem like it could be a 5-star restaurant, but I am wrong.First of all, the ambiance of the place is a lot nicer than the pics that are shown here on Yelp. They have a very long sushi bar with chefs chatting it up with you, and then there is also lots of dining areas. Light jazzy music is played softly and the lights are dim.I ordered the crazy roll ($9), with spicy salmon, tempura shrimp, avocado, cucumbers wrapped in a pink soy. Their spicy sauce is so good and their tempura is very crunchy and tasty.I also had the Volcano ($10), which had clams, enoki mushrooms, regular mushrooms, mayonnaise, baked. The dish was super creamy and meant to be shared. I kinda regret eating it all by myself since it must be super fatty, yet i enjoyed every bite of it.All this was accompanied by a large glass of plum wine for only $6.Fantastic!
2	We've tried this place several times in the past few years, and each time that we do, I end up kicking myself for giving it another shot.  I just do not understand the reviews raving about the sushi here!  Once again, the fish we had was of mediocre quality at best.  Maybe I'm just missing something here since it seems like the regular customers are able to command the best quality fish (or at least it certainly looked a lot better than what we had), but the fish just isn't all that fresh and the service is consistently lackluster.  We sat at the sushi bar and literally had to flag down the waitress to get our drinks refilled.  We had some Hamachi and Maguro nigiri, neither of which were impressive and a couple of rolls, one of which was the Negi Toro roll that I had to force myself to eat given the off taste it had.  We'd actually assumed that the sushi chef had forgotten about the Maguro nigiri and were ready to leave, but as soon as we flagged down the waitress, he presented the two pieces to us, nearly a half an hour after the last roll he'd served us when the place was less than half full.I find it strange to hear how many other reviews mention the number of Asian people they see eating here and somehow manage to draw the conclusion from that fact that this is a great place.  That would seem to follow the logic of visiting Europe and seeing a McDonald's filled with Americans and drawing the conclusion that McDonald's is a top-notch American restaurant.  The point here is that not everyone is discerning regardless of whether they are eating their native fare and I find it difficult to believe that this would be considered a quality sushi restaurant among discerning Japanese diners given how much better quality sushi is available in the Valley.  Our last visit to Hiro will be our last and for anyone looking to find fresh, high quality sushi in Scottsdale, I would highly recommend trying Yume at the Scottsdale Promenade.
4	I moved from Los Gatos, CA to Scottsdale in July 2011 and when I interviewed for the job I knew I had to find at least one decent sushi restaurant before I could accept the offer...maybe a slight exaggeration, but it was top on my list!I found Hiro Sushi on Yelp and made a late night run for dinner.  The restaurant is cozy and tucked into a strip mall, so I wasn't sure what I was going to get.  When I went inside, there was a line, which I took as a good sign...and waited for my table.I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and quantity of sushi.  Each roll I ate was tasty and service was very good. I was pleased to find a great, little sushi spot and have eaten there many times in the last year...their takeout service is quick and easy too!I may be moving back to CA but if and when I'm in Scottsdale again, I will certainly pay a visit to Hiro Sushi!
5	We had a great experience here.  We were suprised to have authentic Japanese sashimi, sushi, and appetizers in Arizona.  The sashimi was fresh.  Really enjoyed the Aji (Spanish Mackerel), Hamachi (Yellow tail), and other fish.  If your in town and love sashimi and sushi, this may be the best choice in the Phoenix, Scottsdale, AZ area.  Enjoy -!
5	Best sushi I've had in the Phoenix area. Believe me, I have been looking for good sushi here ever since I moved from Dallas to Phoenix three months ago. What I ordered:- Grilled Mackerel Appetizer (cooked): YUM. If you are like me and love fishy/salty foods, this will hit the spot. - Fresh Salmon Nigiri (raw): I always order this at sushi restaurants and base the freshness of the salmon on whether I will come back or not. Kinda been disappointed with other restaurants but Hiro Sushi's was excellent. - Spicy Salmon Roll (raw): Good as usual.- Escolar Nigiri (white tuna- raw): Melts in your mouth good. They put a little bit of pico on top which I am not used to but it works. For those of you who don't like seafood and are forced to accompany your friends or significant other to sushi, my boyfriend loves the vegetable roll. They actually put an assortment of veggies in this roll, not just cucumbers and carrots. Other than that, service is helpful and friendly. Prices are a bit high, but if you are looking for quality fish, this place is worth it.
5	Best sushi in town. Small intimate spot! Great service. Finish off with some green tea ice cream, my fav!
2	No brown rice. Almost no vegetarian options.
5	First visit tonight.  Was reassured when I saw how packed the place was. A little tucked away place with the most awesome sushi ever!  My family has decided they didn't want to go to any other sushi restaurant but this one. Sushi was fabulous!  My ears perked up when I heard the sushi chefs speaking to each other in Japanese!  I haven't heard that since my childhood in Japan!  Explains why the sushi was so good- it is authentic. Going back tomorrow per family's request!
4	So as a major sushi fan I had to give this place a try. I am always looking for great sushi with fresh fish and some fun rolls just for kicks. This place was outstanding. I have been twice (once on a weekend and once during the week) and both times the sushi I had was the freshest I've found in the Scottsdale/Phx area in the 27yrs I've lived here. Service was a bit slow both times I was there, but that is easily overlooked as the sushi was so good and the fish was so fresh. I will definitely be back!
2	tryout this place last night since many yelpers gave it a 5 stars.  unfortunately, this place is no 5 stars to me.  portion was small (the mirugai on the sushi is about 1" by 2/3" on top of the rice ball) & the rice was on the dry side.  ordered 12 pieces of sushi, 1 roll, & an order of sashimi (4 thin pieces).....$115 total for 2 adults & a kid (tax & tips included).  not going back.....:(
5	Never had a bad meal in all the times I've gone there. Good service. Friendly place. Great sushi
4	Yay! I'm a fan :)Wow, this place is SMALL. Far smaller than I expected, so be prepare to wait on a busy weekend night. Big selections of menu from appetizers to sushi, to entrees, and noodle dishes. We sat by the inner edge side of the sushi bar, and was greeted warmly by the sushi chef across from us.We shared the Pork Katsu (probably one of the best from my memories of having this, it was fried to the golden color with white(?) meat inside, so delish!), Shrimp Tempura roll (good, like most of other place), Tuna Sashimi (we can taste the freshness, yum!), and Eel nigiri (decent, but prefer the ones at Sakana with much bigger size of the fish). The rice used for the sushi is a bit to the sticky side, but we both liked. Service was a bit slow on the other side, my friend had to ask for water for a couple of times; overall the food was tasty. I'd definitely go back to check out more of the menu. btw, did I mention how much I liked the Katsu? I'd just go back for more of those! LOL
4	Let's get right down to business: Being born and raised in Seattle, I love great, fresh sushi. But I didn't try sashimi or nigiri on my quick lunch trip so this review isn't for sushi-lovers like me. I DID try the 'Hiro Roll' which was definitely tasty but nothing extraordinary. Edamame was salt-less. Will return to try the "real" sushi and we'll see where the stars land then...
5	Best sushi in town hands down! I am a sushi guru and have been all over.My dad has worked for a Japanese company all my life. When his clients come into town from Japan this is the only sushi place he'll take them because it's the best in town. It is a small intimate place that has become a daddy daughter tradition. Him and I get together around Christmas time and splurge ourselves full of sushi and saki. We finish off with green tea ice cream, my absolute fav!!!Love it, love it, love it! Can't say enough great things about Hiro!!!
4	the wait is long..and the food is great!!! i really like the white fish sashimi and the spicy scallop sushi..the ambience is very nice and mix crowd can be spotted.  It is a little bit more expensive but it's worth it to try.
4	Thanks to Yelp we found this place while on a business trip.  Who would have thought you could find quality sushi in an authentic atmosphere in the desert?  Pulling up to the restaurant in the strip mall next to a gun shop didn't start so well but as soon as we stepped in and the place was packed we knew we made a good choice.  Great sushi and cold beer is always a great combo!
3	Being from California, the sushi was alright. Nothing that blew me out of the waters. But what I did appreciate was the service and how the restaurant was owned by Japanese people (instead of the Korean-owned sushi places that is everywhere from East Coast to West Coast). Service itself was excellent. Our hostess was very attentive to adjust to even the smallest changes to our party's requests. Sushi, on the other hand, was served at a varying rate which I found a bit annoying because some people got their food really quick while others had to eat after the rest of our group had finished eating. The quality was good but I have found "good" elsewhere also. I'll probably give it another try after I explore some other restaurants.
1	Had chicken katsu and gyota. Every dish was horribly sour tasting.
1	Had their lunch combo with Chicken Teriyaki and Gyoza.  The Chicken was barely warm when it arrived and the gyoza just didn't taste good.  Was not a pleasant experience, I won't be referring anyone here.
5	This is by far the best sushi restaurant in Phoenix and I've tried many.  This is not the typical modern fusion type places that seem popular these days. You will have the legit Japanese style sushi restaurant experience.  The quality and freshness of the fish is top notch.  Be sure to check out the specials on the board for some out of this world flavors.  I got both maki rolls and sashimi and loved them all.  The spanish mackerel was wonderful.  The fish was neatly presented and they even deep fried the leftover bones and head which was 100% edible and super tasty in the vinegar sauce.  I'll be sure to come back here again next time I'm in town.
5	Came in to this place while I was in Scottsdale this weekend. It was recommended to me by some friends. First, what can I say! Probably some of the best sushi I've ever had! Phenomenal taste and blend of flavors. Good quality fish selected for the sushi, and everything blended together nice, it didn't taste like eating rice, seaweed, and fish seperately like other places.The place is smaller so come earlier or right when they open to avoid waiting. The sushi is reasonably priced, and service was fast and great!Highly recommended if you want to try something different than the norm (RA/Stingray)  in Scottsdale .Ill be back next time I'm in the area.
5	This is, by far, the best sushi restaurant in the Valley. I have eaten in sushi bars all over the world, including Tokyo, and this place is rivals the best of them. The sushi chefs are what you expect sushi chefs to be, Japanese. The presentation is perfect, the staff is friendly; you're greeted by the entire staff when you walk in and receive a farewell when you leave. I have been to this restaurant on numerous occasions and have never been disappointed. Before finding Hiro I spent years trying different sushi bars, and now this is the only one I will go to. Tip: try the Uni
5	We ate and then we ordered more!  and again and again!  killer.
4	The Chart House in Scootsdale has a great menu for two for $50.00.My friend and I were very happy with the menu and the food. The coconut shrimp appetizer was excellent and the Mud pie was very large and out of this world. Great ambiance and good service
5	Wow.  I just realized I have never Yelped about Hiro.  Way before Yelp, I reviewed Hiro on some other website, and I think what I wrote ended up on an award displayed on the restaurant's wall for being "best sushi" in Phoenix.Anyway - About the food...  First and foremost, the fish is flown in DAILY.  Not once a week, not every other day, DAILY.  Ask what is fresh that day, and you are sure to get the freshest fish in town, even on a Sunday!I love sashimi - no rice, no roll, just raw fish - and Hiro's is the tops.  While they haven't had it in a while, the Striped Jack is my all-time favorite, but give me any sweet, buttery, or somewhat firm fish from Hiro, and I am in heaven.BTW, don't let the strip-mall location scare you away.  What it does say about this oh-so-awesome sushi bar  is that it is a place to get damned good sushi, not to be seen.  If you want the typical Scottsdale bar scene quasi-japanese restaurants better known for happy hour specials than fish, don't go to Hiro.  If you want the best sushi in the Southwest, take a drive to Hiro.
5	Hiro is probably the best place to get sushi in the Valley area. It is a small, yet high volume restaurant- so if you're going around the 7-8pm-ish times, be sure to make a reservation as sometimes we see groups waiting in the front for decent periods of time. Their nigiri is really the best in Arizona. I've gone to plenty of sushi spots, and none can compare to the quality of Hiro's nigiri. They serve a great portion of fish with the perfect amount rice to go with it. Their fish is always fresh and always melts in your mouth. Recommendations: yellowtail, salmon, and albacore. I usually don't wander from my comfort zone when it comes to nigiri, but these never disappoint. Now for the rolls. I know that true sushi really doesn't include rolls, but, hey. How could you go wrong? Their Las Vegas roll is AMAZING. Probably The best I've ever eaten. Crunch on the outside, and warm, smoked delicious salmon on the inside with gooey cream cheese! Yum! Be sure to try the crazy roll as well! It comes in pink wrapping instead of the traditional green seaweed paper. The rolls are also a decent size for what you pay for. One Las Vegas ($12.95) roll is enough to fill me for lunch on a regular day! Their caterpillar rolls and rainbow rolls are also picks that I frequently see when dining there. The service (and i mean waitresses) is pretty good. Not great, not bad, just good. All they do is pretty much bring you your rolls/nigiri/sashimi whatever and then leave. But nothing to complain about.The sushi chefs are great though! If you have the opportunity to sit at the sushi bar- do so. Because you can always make conversation with the chefs who know just about everything about the menu and they are funny and polite. They also give the restaurant an authentic Japanese feel because they speak Japanese! Other recommendations: the sweet and sour cucumber salad. Usually it comes right before the sushi and makes a delicious and light appetizer! (They also serve teriyaki chicken and things that are more kid friendly, but I have yet to try them!!)
1	All the restaurants I went to in Japan consistently impressed me with their superior quality of service.Long story short, this pseudo-Japanese joint in Arizona (aka land of where you should be getting mexican food instead) seems to pride itself on consistently shitty service, horrid issue-resolution, and perpetually menopausal waitresses.
5	We have been going here since they opened and have never been disappointed.,always good service, big smiles from all of the Chefs and the food is delicious every time.
5	My suggestion, come here for dinner as opposed to lunch. I've been here for both within a two week span and have had a good experience with both but I felt service was a bit quicker even if getting a table might be hard to accomplish.The atmosphere is more calm even when busy, the food and wait service can be slow due to the high volume of people but the place was packed both times I came so I expected things like that. The food? In comparison with the other 3 places I've been to for sushi here in phoenix it was immaculate. It reminded me enough of Cali for the quality of fish I came back again the next day because I knew I would be leaving soon there after.The flavor profiles for the food were good, the tempura whether as a side dish or within the rolls was crisp, the salmon was excellent, the quantity to quality ratio was good, aside from having to wait for a check each time for a considerable amount I was quite happy with the results.So far I've had the negi toro, spicy ribbon, and I believe it was the phoenix or whatever the mixed fish roll was that had multiple types of fish in it that was deep fried. There was also one other roll but the name of it escapes me at this time. The negi toro and spicy ribbon were good, the phoenix not exactly my cup of tea.All in all, in comparison with the other places I've been here, this place is a jewel. I'll gladly wait to get what I want out of food. If you're in a crunch for time, you shouldn't be going to places you know will be stacked with people anyway. That's just idiotic.
4	This week, our sushi quest brought us to Hiro Sushi in Scottsdale.  After last week's debacle, we wanted something that seemed like a more sure bet.We started with the miso soup, and then ordered pretty much everything that seemed new and/or tasty.The first dish that was served was our sashimi, which included uni (not the best I've had, but I'm spoiled after having had live sea urchin), toro (this was delicious), and Spanish mackerel (with deep fried bones!).  I am a mackerel fan, and the bones were even better.  I thought about asking if they had any extra Spanish mackerel bones lying around.Next, we had the ankimo, which was pretty good.  I've had better ankimo, but it was far superior to the ankimo we had at Hana Japanese Eatery over a month ago.After the ankimo, they brought the dynamite appetizer.  This was a baked scallop, mushroom, and cream dish that was pretty delicious, and a definite hit at our table (though it was inferior to the dynamite I had over a week earlier, which had geoduck in addition to scallops).We then had the sushi: sea snail, edge of halibut, escolar, and jellyfish.  The halibut was garnished with too much wasabi for my taste, the sea snail was lightly flavored and crunchy, and the escolar was amazing.  (One of my friends pointed out this morning that escolar can cause diarrhea that is orange and oily, and I said, "So, basically like my diarrhea this morning."  I contend that it was worth it.)  The jellyfish was a first for me; it was crunchy with a bit of a spicy flavor (not sure if they seasoned it, or if this is naturally the way jellyfish tastes).At this point, we decided that we wanted a little more, so we ordered grilled shishitou peppers and salmon roe.  The salmon roe was not the best I have had, but the peppers were pretty tasty (not as good as the ones they have at Roka Akor, however).Out of curiosity, I asked the waitress if they had any kama, which I did not see on the menu.  She said they had hamachi and salmon kama, which was only $8, so we sprung for the hamachi.  It was tasty and tender, but not as fall-off-the-bone tender or mouth-wateringly delicious as the hamachi kama we had at Sushi on Shea.Finally, we had the tempura ice cream, which was the best tempura ice cream I have found in Phoenix.Overall, Hiro seems like a very good sushi bar.  The food is fresh, they have some good special items, and it is actually very reasonably priced.  Unfortunately, it will be hard to go back here with Sushi on Shea being only a few miles down the road.
3	It's OK but certainly not great.  We stopped by on a Saturday night around 8.  It was busy and we sat at the sushi bar.  We ordered a couple of rolls and a half dozen nigiri sushi and everything was alright but nothing beyond that.The atmosphere is old-school neighborhood Japanese like you used to find in LA's Japanese neighborhoods 20 years ago.  Unpretentious and slightly divey.  Service was friendly and efficient from the waitresses.  The sushi chef never made eye contact or spoke to us even though we were sitting right in front of his workspace for 45 minutes.Our platter had perhaps 3 pieces of ginger so I asked the sushi chef for more ginger.  I got maybe another tablespoon of ginger - without a word.  Annoying. The sushi was decently made but nothing terribly special.  The rice was a bit loose/wet, the fish quality was very average, with the exception of the hamachi, which was quite good. The fish portions were also a bit small. When we were there,  they were out of uni. I would stop by if I was in the neighborhood and in the mood for sushi but I wouldn't drive across town for it.  Our bill was $60.00 for two with tip for a moderate amount of sushi, a sake and a beer.As several other Yelpers have observed, the plethora of 5 star reviews for this joint are baffling to me.  My response would have to be "huh?"  I've been eating sushi for 30 years, been to Japan many times and I know what great sushi is and this isn't even close.  The sushi chef seemed to be mainly making the very non-Japanese rolls (cream cheese, etc.) that are so popular throughout the Valley.If this is "the best sushi in the Valley" then people in the valley have set the bar a bit too low or else they've never had really good sushi.
5	This is a great local sushi place in Scottsdale. I went here with my parents a few days ago as it's near their condo and we were craving sushi.Hamachi Kama - Didn't see this on the menu, but we asked the waitress and ordered it. Perfectly grilled and super tender. A great appetizer to share between two or three people.Okinawa soba - Loved this noodle soup dish so much. Great broth, not too salty, which delicious noodles and fall of the bone spare ribs. Excellent.Toro nigiri - Super fatty and butterySashimi sampler - I usually wouldn't order this, but my parents don't eat much nigiri and rarely eat rolls, so they ordered it. Everything tasted super fresh though.I had ordered one of their special rolls, but the name escapes me now. I think it had spicy tuna, cucumber, avocado, and something else...anyways, it was pretty good.Service is great and the prices were pretty reasonable. Not the best sushi I've ever had, but good value. If my parents are still going here by the time I return next year, then this place is a keeper.Go early for dinner. We went shortly after opening and were the first people in the restaurant. By six, there were only two small tables open.
4	I was never very adventurous when it came to food. Even when I was a high school student studying Japanese, I was always too afraid to even try sushi. Thank goodness a woman with a more sophisticated palate than my own came along to show me the error of my ways!Tucked away in a little shopping center off of 90th in Scottsdale, Hiro is another one of the many great places around town that you'd miss if you weren't actually looking for it...so pay attention!Hiro Sushi is only open for lunch and dinner. I know...of course it's not open for breakfast...but between lunch and dinner the restaurant actually closes down. So, be sure and pay attention to the hours of operation, as you might miss your opportunity to enjoy awesome place!Having been to a few different sushi places to date, I would have to say that that Hiro is my favorite. At some places, they have a conveyor belt that brings different dishes around for you to enjoy. Although I do enjoy those places as well, Hiro has a more traditional Japanese feel to it. It's more authentic than gimmicky. Since we were with our daughter, we ended up sitting at a table. While we were waiting for our food, I noticed that there was a sushi bar where you could sit and see all of the different foods. I also noticed that the sushi chefs were very chatty and involved with the patrons seated in front of them. Next time, I think we'll find a sitter for a little while...THAT would be the full Japanese experience.The menu itself is pretty extensive. They have "Fill-in-the-Blank" Rolls of all different types. So, if you're a veteran to the different styles of sushi or if you're a rookie who is looking to safely expand their horizons a little bit, the menu will undoubtedly have something you'll enjoy.The location itself is actually kind of small inside. The tables are pretty close together, so if you happen to be there while other people are eating, it's almost as if you were having lunch/dinner with them. That's the only negative thing I could find about this place, because the food and the service were awesome!
1	No sea food soup..Noddles in soup super thick, hard to eat. Over prized. I orderer soup and veggie tempura, bill was $30 exclude tip. Sushi and sashimi okay. But nothing special. Super small, tables are for groups.
3	Ehhh (it's okay but nothing mind-blowing).I tried their Philly roll, Rainbow roll, and Spicy Tuna roll. Little disappointed w/their Spicy tuna - I didn't feel any degree of warmth on those.  In general, I felt that their seafood wasn't the freshest, but I realize that this is challenging as we're in the middle of the Sonoran Desert. Prices were a tad high also.Best I had was their Seaweed Salad - so yummy! Spices were perfect!Their ambience was rather sub-par, IMO. You walk in and it's a tiny little waiting room w/chairs that scream that they're from 1988. Additionally, they had a wall of framed photos of past patrons w/their autograph? Hmm - looked very dated and sorta junky/cluttered. Some photos were faded - this makes me scared to eat their food... They could do a makeover and do like a modern/contemporary and Asian hybrid look.
5	I used to live down the street from this place, but I never gave it a shot. I'm sorry I missed out all these years, because as it turns out.... out of all the sushi places I've been to, I was most impressed with this place. The fish was fresh, the rolls were plentiful... I can't wait to go back.
5	Excellent Sushi, service and atmosphere. I recommend .
4	Let me say this, I usually hate sushi in Arizona. I love it in general but most places are down right disgusting, this place however is a right step in the direction, its what sushi should be. Unlike Ra and stingray, it's very intimate, the servers are knowledgable, the sushi chefs are experienced and by that I mean they have some age to them. I can't imagine an 18 year old making sushi really knows much about each fish in the trendy places. Loved the tuna belly sashimi and sedona roll!
5	Place is good!  Go check it out!Restaurant, not much to it, very basic, small, but the sushi is excellent!
5	Oh how I wish I lived in Phoenix, so I could become a regular here. For those of you who are also on the quest to find authentic Japanese restaurants in the US, go to Hiro's if you find yourself in the area.  From the initial, "Irrashai!" As we walked in, the experience was like being in a little sushi joint in Japan.  My companion noted several times how great the service was and I have to agree.  I was excited to see Okinawa Soba on the menu so gave that a shot along with Otoro, salmon, Hamachi and Kani.   Ok, so the Toro did not need to be chewed it merely melted...heaven.  The last time I had Okinawa Soba was in Japan and this was the real deal even to include the hot pepper infused Awamori (ok, it was actually Vodka, but tasted the same). Our waitress had just moved here from Okinawa three years ago. We had a Japanese rice beer... An import that was very good. Sooo, this was overall an excellent experience and I'm glad we found it
4	Very good.
3	The best thing about this place was that my father and I only had to wait 15 minutes on a Friday night to get a spot. We ordered drinks, the wine is way over priced and a poor selection. But why do you go to a sushi place? For sushi of course. The selection was not vast and what we did order was decent at best. Our "volcano" app came after the rest of our meal. I will be checking out other restaurants before I go back here.
4	Regularly go here for basic sushi fare. Not the best, but it's not a Scottsdale sushi chain owned by Caucasian douchebags so I'd rather give Hiro my business :) Gave 4 stars because the sushi is above average taste-wise and they do NOT have any type of happy hour specials
5	I wish I could give 50 stars! I went here for my 11th b-day. The food was great! We ate a ton! I had a spicy salmon roll, octopus nigiri, spicy scallop roll, sea urchin nigiri, Houston roll, eel nigiri. But the most amazing part was dessert. I ordered chocolate  mochi. When they came out the lights dimmed, and then they were singing. They must have heard me talk about my brithday because they sang happy birthday to me! I was so touched by the generosity. Plus the mochi was amazing. I would go back anytime! No fake wasabi or anything. They even speak Japanese unlike many places which feel very phony.Domo arigato Hiro Sushi!
4	Do not let the strip mall, small location deter you from visiting this sushi place.  We just went with a huge assortment of sashimi with a sprinkling of grilled mackerel and edamame.  For being in the Scottsdale area right of the 101, the sashimi was very fresh and we got the insider hookup for wasabi.  This place is a keeper.
5	I think this is the best sushi in the valley, I can't think of any other place that is as close to the traditional Japanese experience, without flying to tokyo, except I haven't been to shinbay yet in scottsdale.  Wife and I go here a few times a month and almost never lets us down.  Great eel, spanish mackrel, tempura, and toro.  Great service too, sometime almost too good!
2	I'm on a hunt for a new sushi place, so I drove 40 minutes to go check this place out.  My review is strictly on their food.   I drove that far, because I trusted Yelp reviews on this place.  What a disappointment it turned out to be...Yes, they have the abalone,  and otoro which I can't find in many other places in AZ...but that's about it.  Their cut on sashimi is poor, meaning, the sashimi chef's skill is not up to par.  The fish is cut too thin, and is jagged at the edges.  Everything is over priced for what it is.  I've had much better other places such as Gilbert of all places!  I'm all for paying top dollar if what you serve me is top notch!  But this place just isn't worth it!
5	Great place! Great service awesome food, fish was fresh and delicious. We eat a lot of sushi in Phoenix and this was one of the best places we have been. Try the oysters!
5	My favorite sushi spot of ALLLLL TIME *Where's Kanye at?*I usually go here when I'm trying to watch what I eat, which is always, but that's neither here nor there. They always accommodate my absurd requests: Sashimi Dinner, No rice, Double salad, Dressing on the side. I hate myself for that order, but they don't judge, and that makes me happy. The sashimi is amazing. Another reviewer commented on the sushi being cut poorly (jagged edges). I'm no Sushi master, but I did pass first grade, can color in the lines, and cut out shapes. I never noticed these jagged edges, AND I'M A REGULAR (literally considering mercury poisoning just to be the duchess of this place.) One more comment, and then I'll move on, who cares if the edges aren't perfect - the taste is amaze, and that's what really matters, I think.So things I swear by: Sashimi dinner, obviously. The mushroom special from the specials board... cooked with.... what's it called.. dang it, well they're amazing, and the sauce is amazing. PONZU? I think. Big fan. My mom always orders the tempura, and it's delightful as well.
4	I've been looking for a Japanese Restaurant in this area and finally found one that our whole family likes. We had the caterpillar and eel and Cucumber rolls. They were really good. They make the caterpillar in the shape of a caterpillar with a caterpillar head. Very cool and creative but even better is the taste. i had the Teriyaki chicken, my wife had the Teriyaki Chicken and tempura and my daughter had the chicken katsu and tempura. The dinners comes with salad and miso soup. The salad had a salty dressing but the soup was very good. The chicken teriyaki was all white meat and was a little dry but very good. The chicken katsu very good. I tried the tempura and this was very fresh and really good. I would say to stick with the sushi and tempura. It's the best. Overall I would say the place is very small and the service was pretty good. Next time we have a sushi craving we'll be back.
5	I'm so glad we decided to try Hiro Sushi! For the past few years I've been very disappointed in Phoenix-area sushi restaurants. Hiro isn't just good for the area; it compares well to restaurants in other cities, too.Hiro is a small, quiet restaurant done up in dark, sophisticated colors. Even when the restaurant was full, the atmosphere was relaxing. There were a few families there, but it would still be a good place for a date. I'm incredibly picky about the freshness of fish, most of all when I'm eating it raw, and I've passed this on to my family. If you feel the same way, you'll be happy to learn that none of us had any complaints in this area.Hiro's portions are large, which is great if you love shashimi. In fact, my favorite item was the salmon sashimi. Hiro had some truly beautiful salmon last night, and it tasted even better than it looked! The tuna sashimi was also served generously and it was very good. The nigiri items we ordered were ikura (salmon eggs), ika (squid), suzuki (bass) and unagi (eel.) The suzuki is usually prepared with ponzu (a cirtus vinegar) but you can get it without. Unagi is usually barbequed, but they offered it to my husband in two different ways. I can't remember what the other way was, but he ordered the barbequed, and he and my daughter said it was delicious. (I could taste that one because it wasn't gluten-free; same with the ikura, which my daughter, the ikura fan, said were good.) I'm the squid fan, and since you see I've given Hiro five stars, you know I enjoyed their squid!I'd like to make special note about the edamame. At most restaurants this popular appetizer is treated with the same care as the free chips you get at a cheap Mexican joint. There's a lot of overcooked edamame in this town! At Hiro, ALL of the edamame in our three large bowls were bright and crispy. You didn't see salt on the outside of the pods, but they must have seasoned them in some way, because the peas inside were mildly salty and seemed to have some other flavors, too. Hiro takes reservations, and on the weekends you should make one. We went early on a Saturday (6pm) and wanted to sit at the sushi bar, so we were okay, but all the tables were already reserved, and within a half hour of our arrival all the tables were filled, and the sushi bar, too.We'll definitely be back!
3	Totally solid.Really.Reason it's not five stars... is the price!IMHO, there are other sushi bars in the PHX area, that are just as fresh and tasty, and not as $$$$I ended up spending $75 on food and drink, including tax and tip.While it was tasty, it wasn't that tasty.  I can find better for $30.
5	Not much that I can say other than -- this place serves the best sushi I've had in the Valley. The fish is very fresh, the other ingredients top notch, the service impeccable and the space itself very cozy.
4	Delicious fresh authentic sushi in a small location with limited atmosphere. Try the special rolls because they are always delicious!
5	Hiro is one of the best sushi restaurants in Arizona. I eat at Hiro at least once a week and have been doing so for over a year. Their fish is always fresh. One of my favorite things about Hiro is that their sushi speaks for it's self. There are not a lot of sweet sauces, mayo and fillers that poor quality restaurants use to mask their fish.  In addition to the food, the staff are great. Masa, Take, and Leo (just to name a few) are great chefs who are also very personable and funny. We enjoy sitting at the bar as talking with the chefs and watching them masterfully prepare food. You have got to give Hiro sushi a try.
5	This was by far the best sushi place in the Valley. We were very happy and satisfied with every single thing we ate. Sashimi slices were thick and good portion. Unlike other sushi place where nigiri sushi rice is huge and dry, Hiro Sushi had perfect texture and size. Uni, aji, mirugai and toro were amazing. They even had pickled ume flavored seaweed. My only problem is that place is not closer to Chandler.
5	This is hands-down my favorite sushi joint in town. The fish is always amazingly fresh, the owners and staff are always friendly and the soft lull of music and clean, minimal surroundings are perfect. My favorite rolls are the negitori crunchy roll and the spicy salmon, however; everything is very tasty. If you love sushi, you'll love Hiro. Naomi Garnice gives it two-thumbs-up!!
5	Best japanese place in Scottsdale. Great fish, wonderful staff and good traditional japanese food! My family and I go here all the time:)
5	The freshest sushi I've ever had! Will definitely go back.
4	After three long years of searching for a happening sushi place with great nigiri in Phoenix I have finally found it!  Went there last night for date night and the service and atmosphere could not have been better.  It has a really authentic feel, the chefs speak japanese amongst themselves, and they are lively to watch which makes sitting at the bar a great experience.  The fish is very fresh and the pieces (nigiri) are both generous and delicate.  Also, I highly recommend trying the ikura nigiri (salmon roe) with a quail egg. We are definitely going back.  So, why not five stars?  We ordered some friend butter fish and some fried mackerel and they both came out a little to dry and oily, but the sushi was excellent.
5	Incredible, fresh toro sashimi and rainbow roll but outrageous albacore tataki! Reasonable prices, fun time at sushi bar, highly recommend!!
4	This is the most authentic Japanese restaurant in the phoenix area. The chefs are actually Japanese, where most others are Chinese. The prices are very reasonable and the selection of dishes it great with seasonal specials as well.Great atmosphere and service!
5	Really excellent authentic Japanese dishes. Nice atmosphere and great service. Prices are a little high but not unreasonable. :-)
3	Descent sushi for Scottsadale.  No brown rice option was odd considering the recent health movement away from white breads, rice etc.  Very friendly staff.
4	Got the Salmon Bento Box for lunch and Sushi / Sashimi lunch combo.  Both were very tasty.  Food took a little longer to come out but, was worth the wait.  Tempura was fried perfectly.  Some issues with service, otherwise would be 5 stars.  They gave shrimp tumpura instead of vegetable tempura.  Also ordered white tuna, but they forgot that.  Over all food was great though, quality of the fish was great.
5	The salmon belly is fantastic tonight. Well, it's always fantastic... But I had it tonight.
5	Sunbum here with Jill eating the sea urchin. (First time for Jill) I say this place is the best sushi place in Scottsdale Area!! Very fresh and well cut !! and great appetizers !! Go there right now and try for yourself ! Bring few people! You need to share the experience!!
5	Sushi in the desert? That's the question I always get from my out-of-town friends and family... and even my husband rarely eats sushi with me here in AZ.  But, my answer to that question is YES!  Especially if that sushi comes from Hiro.I recently went to Hiro to celebrate a friend's birthday.  There were four of us and we ordered a variety of salads, rolls, and other menu offerings.  Every single thing we ordered was amazing... and oh so fresh!  Highlights included oysters, salmon sashimi that melted in my mouth, and the Arizona roll.  Service was attentive as well, and when it came time for dessert, the lights went out in the entire restaurant while the staff sang to my friend and brought out orange slices with a candle in it... the perfect sweet (and healthy) ending to a fabulous meal!I will definitely be returning to Hiro and soon.  Anyone craving sushi? Let me know!
5	A plus sushi in the desert! Fantastic staff, always make us feel very welcome, extremely accommodating with our 2 year old, who absolutely loves the Cali rolls and salmon sashimi. Best sushi in town by a country mile
5	Best Sushi in all of Phoenix. Hiro use to work at Sushi place in LA, that I use to go to, and have been coming here since I moved to Phoenix. Has one of the best selections of cold saki, and the fish is always fresh, and has selection you don't find at your typical sushi restaurant. If you are looking for the very best sushi, look no further.
4	I really love this place. This is my second visit for lunch and man this place gets packed. The first time we beat the rush so the service was a little better. We sat at the counter  both times which is better during lunch if there are 2 in your party. It seems like you get your sushi faster.  We got a wash cloth the first time but not our second visit. I think it was too busy.  So far we have ordered the spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, unagi, tobiko, and soft shell crab (spider roll)  that's what they call it. The only item I didn't really like is the spider roll, I have tasted better.  I wish I live closer to here but I don't.
2	We were looking forward to eating here because of the good reviews. But we found the food mixed. Also you can't really call it "authentic" with the selection of Sushi Rolls it offers. Most of them don't exist in Japan. I expected more from a Japanese owned sushi restaurant. The fish itself was fresh, but the rolls we ordered were poorly made and were coming unrolled. Messy on the plate, and difficult to eat. No, they weren't overstuffed, just normal rolls, except for the Crazy Roll, which surprisingly was the best one of all. Tasty & well made.  The Spicy Tuna wasn't very spicy. The Spicy Scallop had a drop of hot sauce on it that looked so much like blood, I couldn't try it. The real crab in the California Roll was so dry that it ruined it.  The Negi Toro was tasteless, the Negi Yellowtail, the same. The Unagi  was sloppily cut. The Chirashi Sushi was smaller than other restaurants where we've eaten. Plus, they forgot my husband's order of oysters. On the other hand, the salad was good because the dressing wasn't over sweet, and the edamame tasted fresh. Not a reason to drive to North Scottsdale for dinner.
4	I'm impressed by the salmon nigiri. The salmon was plump, soft, and tasty. The soft fresh tofu was delightfully cool and light. Do add the ginger and onions a atop if the lightness is to bland for you. The crazy roll was decent and basic. No mayo or sauce or extra flavoring added. I didn't try their fancier rolls because it costs like $15.95 or $14.95...which i think is over the top for one roll...I'd come here again but only if i was in the neighborhood...
5	I love this place! By far the best sushi in town! Best noodle bowl too! Check it out!
2	My $50 small meal did not turn out well. Sashimi was not fresh and the rolls tasted weird. Let's just say, I had to stop eating the rolls and  I was close to regurgitation. Staff was fine, but the food is not up to par.
5	Hiro makes the best sushi in Phoenix, period. The fish always tastes fresh. It's not mushy and frozen in the middle like most sushi you find in Arizona. The tempura is light, fluffy, and seasoned. Most of all, it doesn't taste like it belongs on an onion ring. The calamari is tossed in a light sauce that elevates the dish from good to awesome. If you like sushi that is deep-fried five different ways and stuffed with cream cheese, this is not the place for you. If you like fresh fish, bold flavors, and a friendly staff, go to Hiro. The long line of people clamoring to get in on any given night is a great indication of what to expect once you get in.
5	LOVE this place. Hands down some of the best sushi I've ever had - everything is fresh and thoughtfully made. The sushi is great (the scallops are amazing), they have some unique rolls on the menu and the service is outstanding. It's a very small place which I love and I think it adds to the authenticity. The chefs greet and say thank you to all who enter and leave. Can't say enough good things about this place!
5	I had a lunch combo, Sushi and Mixed Tempura deal. I think the food is not only fresh but also appealing to my Japanese taste buds. There were two Sushi chefs at Sushi counter, and they are both Japanese. I will definitely eat there again when I am in Scottsdale!
5	Best sushi I've ever had.   Great service.  Awesome find!
5	Delicious. Cozy atmosphere. And delightful serving woman. Very legitimately Japanese place. Great place.
5	I wish I had a bigger stomach so I could eat more of this amazing sushi! I'm so surprised by how fresh, and delicious, it all is!Definitely try the Arizona roll - very unique. And the Spicy Ribbon roll. The tuna and salmon are so, so fresh.
5	Best sushi in the Valley hands down.  Everything was fresh, and if you have the pleasure to have Masa as your chef he knows what he's doing.  Uni with quail egg, toro, maguro, oysters, hamachi, spicy tuna roll, unagi, fresh water eel.   If you want to get in the mood, turn on Netflix, watch Jiro Dreams of Sushi, and then go and eat here.  BE PREPARED TO PAY!  Good sushi is never cheap, but for what you get, I'll gladly pay the price to have a seat at this bar.
3	Chicken was good, salad was tasty and the California roll and soup were not enjoyable.  This place wouldn't last in LA. Checked out the sushi in the case and went with a safe option.
4	One of the best sushi restaurants in the valley.The food is fantastic and I go quite often.The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that they don't serve liquor/cocktails.  Everything else about this place is 5-star!
5	delicious.  4.5 stars but I round up since no half stars. This is our second time visiting Hiro's. The sushi was very good both times and it tastes fresh.  There is a difference in fresh sushi that you can taste.  Now if you think places like RA serves fresh sushi then you don't have a clue,  just trust me.  The prices are decent to a little high compared to other joints but remember you pay for what you get.  I would recommend this place for date.  Sit at the bar if you can.   You may want to make reservation to make sure you have a seat.  We got seated right away but as we were sitting we noticed how a bunch of people kept coming in and people were constantly waiting to be seated.
5	Hiro, Leo, Masa and Take are fantastic sushi chiefs!! The lady's that work there are the nicest ladies you will ever meet!The sushi is superb. Hiro expects perfection in the raw fish he selects.I have been going here every week or 2 since they opened in 2001!!!Best in Scottsdale!!!Peter
5	Best in town hands down! I've tried everywhere else. Don't waste your time or your pesos. Go to hiro. Yellowtail all day
4	Pretty fresh ingredients,  truly "spicy" when the menu says "spicy" (not a fake spicy if u know what I mean). Loved all 7 rolls we ordered for 2 people! The service was great as well.
3	Nothing memorable, very plain roll selection. Waited almost 20 minutes to be seated when there were clearly available tables, also overheard a woman in the waiting area with us who had waited over an hour and a half for her togo food when they told her on the phone that it would only take 25 minutes. Sushi rice was too soft/mushy and all the rolls consist of either eel sauce or shrimp tempura. Not a big variety of rolls and DO NOT GET THE DYNAMITE APPETIZER. it is a waste of $10. It was literally a bowl of baked mayonnaise and tiny scalllops with imitation crab.(crap) Not even anything to dip into the bowl to pick it up with. Were still on the hunt for that WOW sushi in Arizona. It is not here though.If your looking to "satisfy" a sushi craving, this place will work, if your looking to wow your taste buds and your dining experience...keep searching.
5	The food is great and the service is excellent. The chefs and staffs are very friendly. I'm glad I found this place. Thanks Yelp!!!
5	Amazing as always. My wife and I come get about 3 times a month. Seriously the best sushi in Scottdale. Tonight we had the amber jack, halibit, salmon, and mackerel sashimi. Airways sport fresh and very very clean. We also had the veg tempura and the eggplant appetizer. All the best in Scottsdale. If you have not tried Hiro, I beg you to give it a try if you like wonderful sushi.
5	Fantastic sashimi, great service, and pretty decently priced for the quality and quantity. It doesn't bring the ritziness or glamour like Ra or Stingray in terms of fancy rolls, environment, or location, but it's definitely one of the best sushi places I've found in Phoenix!
5	I can't believe that I have not written a glowing review of quit possibly the best sushi joint this side of Tokyo... yes Hiro is that good!I have been coming here for almost 15 yrs. and have never been disappointed by the stunning freshness or the real deal approach owner Hiro takes when preparing his dishes. This isn't a typical Scottsdale "night club" that just happens to serve sushi... you know who I am talking about! This is a true master's class on how fish should taste! The staff is always friendly and despite how busy they are always manages to create a nice experience. The specials are always new and very interesting and if you are feeling daring just sit in front of Hiro himself and say surprise me.... hold onto your gee!
3	I really wanted to like this place. I was so excited for another great sushi restaurant to try. After reading the rave reviews, we decided to go in on two occasions and try the sushi, but both times it was just so-so. Nothing stood out and nothing was any better than the other sushi places in the area. On another occasion we decided to try takeout and had the chicken katsu thinking that maybe the cooked food was where people were blow away, but we enjoyed this even less than the sushi. Needless to say, we likely won't be returning anytime soon.
5	I'm in town for business and looked for yelpers to guide me the way and I was led to the right spot. It's tiny and in a small strip mall. I would've driven past it if it weren't for the great reviews.I had the sushi dinner and it was fresh and tasty. The service was excellent and welcoming. The sushi chef was a cutie too. What more can a girl ask for when she is forced to eat alone!
5	I've tried sushi one time before this place and I want pleased. I give everything a second chance and this place was well worth the second try! I walked out of there stuffed, and loving some of the sushi I wasn't a fan of at my last place. The waiters and waitresses are fantastic! They are all very courteous, caring and know how to treat their customers! I'll be coming back for more!
5	Since my original review I've been back to Hiro and have had a plethora of their nigiri. Fresh, well prepared, tasty. If this were - say Seattle - it'd be 3 or possibly 4 stars but here in the valley Hiro is best-of-the-best. When I'm craving sushi this is definitely my go-to.
5	This is my favorite sushi place in Scottsdale. It has been my favorite for more 10 years.  As long as I've been coming here, they have been maintaining their level of food. I am always pleased after my visit.  If fact, I don't think I ever left this restaurant unhappy.  I took people from Japan, California, and you know those who thinks they can't get good sushi in the desert. All the people I took, they were pleased with the qualify of food.For lunch, my favorite is chirashi. If you want, ask for deluxe chirashi (not on a menu).  They will make the best chirashi you ever had by using the best ingredients they have.For dinner, I like to order food in Japanese izakaya (tapas) style. We start with different appetizers (including sashimi platter) to share with the group, then order sushi to finish. My favorite appetizer (again not on the menu) is kiwi salmon.  I like everything on the menu but sometimes like to ask them to make something other than what's on the menu.  Don't forget to look for daily special menu on the wall too.I highly recommend to make reservation for dinner as they get busy even during the week.
3	The sushi here is pretty good I came the other night with my husband and they had great sushi but the service wasn't great and the wait was long. It's okay!
4	Sushi is fresh and service is great.  I just wish the place could accommodate more people.  Sometimes the wait isn't worth the time.
5	Hiro Sushi is the most authentic and best tasting Japanese food in the Phoenix Valley.  All the servers say thank you, yes, and your welcome in Japanese.  I have not been to Japan in more than 20 years, but the service reminds me from what I saw in Japanese restaurants in Tokyo as a child.  The sushi is extremely fresh like it came from the ocean too.  Hiro gets the best of the best in terms of quality.
2	First sushi place I tried in Scottsdale with my gf.  To be honest I was nervous about the whole sushi in the desert situation.  Luckily I eventually found a few better places but the price and taste combo made Hiro sushi 2 stars easy.
4	Stop by for a quick lunch and was presently surprised by this little sushi restaurant. The service was good and the food was good. They had asahi beer on draft which is rare find. Overall the fish tasted very fresh and I would go back! Con is that a kind of hole in the wall place...
5	I can't believe how underwhelmed I was when I initially visited Hiro.  Since that time, it has become one of my favorite restaurants in Arizona.  Besides more "fast food" type options, Hiro is one of our most frequented dining experiences and a constant reservation when we have guests.  One thing that you have to get past, is that it is in a strip mall.  The overall atmosphere when you first arrive leaves a little to be desired.  Once you enter, you are transported to a completely different area.  This does not feel like Arizona (especially Scottsdale) once inside.  It is small and dark and smells like sushi.  Sitting at the sushi bar is a must-do if you are there as a couple.  It is fun to interact with the employees making sushi.  We typically order the salmon skin roll (try it - its awesome!), the veggie roll (also great!), some sort of salmon nigiri, the tofu agedashi (another thing I highly recommend to anyone) and whatever sort of nigiri they recommend to us that night.  We have tried all sorts of non-menu items including fermented soybean rolls (not sure the actual name for that).  If you have any favorites, just ask, they always seem very willing to accommodate people's whims.  I also insist on the moshi before we go.  I'm sure its nothing special in terms of moshi in general, but its a favorite dessert of mine!  One tip - if you are interested in going, you will want a reservation.  If you can't (or don't) get one, you will likely have to wait or you may even get turned away if they have no tables opening up.  You cannot reserve the sushi bar - its first come first served, but its still typically a decent wait as well.  Reservations are definitely recommended and worth it!  If you can't get in, try Andreoli's across the street!
5	Best sushi I have ever had. Consistently good, as fresh as it gets.I travel among the best city in the US for my job in the food business and I would never thought I'd be saying the following:The best sushi ever it's at Hiro Sushi in Scottsdale AZ!Good job Hiro!
5	Hiro! My FAVORITE sushi joint in AZ!! The last sushi I had was about two weeks ago in Hawaii so coming back I haven't had the urge to get sushi thinking it just won't be the same. I have always loved this well kept secret and have continued to bring friends who are obsessed! Thank goodness for the X who showed me Hiro. I needed to find a place to get good sushi. I have come here for a few years n have never been disappointed. It's a small restaurant where the sushi chefs don't use gloves because they are so excellent with their knives and watch the handling of everything I trust that this place is not only authentic sushi but very clean. The staff are nice, they have good specials and the food is amazing!!! Please order a calamari for yourself as an appetizer (you won't regret it) :)
5	I am not one to hyperbolize but Hiro Sushi is the best sushi that I have been able to find in the valley. The food here is fresh, meticulously prepared, and delicious. I would typically point out favorite dishes and suggestions but I have loved everything that I have ever tried here. Subject to your tastes, you simply cannot go wrong. The prices are extremely fair, the sushi is prepared by people who actually know what they are doing, and you will enjoy your experience.Make sure to have reservations when possible. It's tough to just walk in at 6:00 PM and expect to be seated right away.
1	I really was so disappointed in this place. I was excited to eat here because of all the ratings. Maybe I'm spoiled in California but the sushi rolles here are bland and tasteless.  What a waste of my money. If this is one of the best in the area all I have to say is you have my condolences.
4	If you want to sit at a table, you must make reservations.  Very small, excellent place.
5	hands down the best sushi in the valley and some of the best that I had throughout the world. Who would have thought that from a little sushi shop in the desert?Fresh fish flown in. Lots of non-sushi authentic dishes (try the Dynamite. You're welcome) and an impressive list of sake.
5	Wish I was capable of saying something bad but I can't!  Best sushi.  Now please make room for me at bar...
5	It was my birthday and I wanted to have sushi for dinner. So my daughter picked this restaurant via Yelp and it was an AWESOME time at this restaurant. We were seated and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Great attitude and personality. I ordered my favorite, Chirashi. The slices of fish were generous but there was too much sushi rice, but over all it was outstanding. We ordered an tempura appetizer and seaweed salad. The seaweed was chopped up and hard to get with chop sticks.The sushi was that my wife and daughter ordered was great.To top it off, at the end of the dinner, the lights were turned off and they brought me their orange cut in cute shapes with a candle in the middle. What a nice touch for someone that tried this restaurant for the first time.I was impressed with the dinner, atmosphere and delicious sushi!! Nice job! You have earned some new customers.
5	Great food is worth the wait- and this is beyond great food! Staff is wonderful, sushi is excellent, atmosphere is comfortable. Worth many repeat visits so that I can try everything on the menu!
5	Best sushi in town! We always come here when sushi is on our mind. Very fresh quality meal.
4	Great little restaurant. Every time I call they are often booked up. Turns out it's a pretty small restaurant.Sushi was tasty, and fresh.Service was wonderful, very attentive.Salads were all delicious. This might be my new go-to sushi place.
4	read alot of good reviews. the place is pretty small but there was seating at the sushi bar so we were seated right away. the staff was very friendly and attentive from start to finish. we shared a sashimi platter (3 tuna, 2 salmon, 2 clams, 2 of something else). it came with a miso soup and an iceberg salad. we also ordered a spicy octopus salad. the octopus was more chewy than i'm use to. the sashimi was all very delicious, fresh tasting, and cut very well. we were pleased with our meal, but it wasn't anything i'd go out of my for. we have a favorite spot closer to our house. but if you're in this area, Hiro Sushi is good.
5	The best sushi In town, cockers are real Japanese and the quality of the fish is super
3	The food is fresh and the service is wonderful , now here come the complaints We ordered yellowtail sushi I and only received 5 slices. We ordered Saba sushi the slices of fish were noticeably small   The dinner was 80 bucks. I thought the portions should be better. They are suppose to serve exactly the same size...henceforth the consistency feature of the food and all the trouble becoming a sushi chef. If consistency means nothing anyone can do it, right ? Well Hiro did it wrong. We were very disappointed. We can eat anywhere for 50 bucks and get much more food.  I'm always starving so it will be hard to return.
2	I'm genuinely surprised by all the good reviews. I got the Sushi Dinner and was not impressed. The fish was old and tough. It should have been smooth and creamy - almost buttery - when you get the good fresh stuff. I've actually had better supermarket sushi, and Sakura Sushi in Kingman, AZ is better by far, which is pretty sad. I should have known that a restaurant named after a famous Sushi guru would be nothing but a poser. I should have just gotten sushi from Whole Foods, that would have been fresher and tasted better.
4	Hiro offers good clean sushi in a fun hospitable environment. Hiro has been around for awhile and they make the experience fun for all ages. They always do something special if its your birthday. I wouldn't consider this place to be trendy or modern. The staff has been working there forever and they are extremely friendly. Prices are fair and the sushi is great! Give it a shot. They are usually only open for a couple hours during lunch, and then again form dinner.
3	Overall it's definitely not my favorite sushi place in the whole world. It's small and often feels cramped, the service is spotty (like they're nice but are not very attentive which is somewhat surprising considering how small it is) also its always noisy and the sushi selection isn't as good as it could be butttt it's virtually the only authentic Japanese restaurant in the area that's not terribly americanized. Also the rolls the do serve are good in the sense that the fish tastes good and fresh...I guess I just don't absolutely adore them though because they use this weird soy paper instead of seaweed, they don't offer many dishes with eel which is my favorite,  and they I just wish they utilized more ingredients and sauces to mix it up a bit. So overall not the best place ever but it's authentic, the fish is good quality, and the chefs are always nice so if you want sushi and it has to be in Scottsdale this is a good place to go.
4	Had dinner here on Saturday night.  Sat at the sushi bar and didn't have to wait.  The entire staff was warm and welcoming.  Ordered a cold Asahi and told the chef "omakase".  For those that aren't sure what that means, it is a phrase that means "I'll leave it to you".  In other words, I left it up to the chef and put my dinner in his hands.  He did not let me down.He started me off with ankimo, tempura battered & deep fried squid, and grilled shishito peppers.  The ankimo was delicious, the squid was crispy and hot, and the shishito peppers were a great counter-balance to the richness of the other two dishes.  Next was a platter of sashimi followed by a dish of various nigiri sushi.  All the fish tested fresh and presentation was good.  By this point I was stuffed and couldn't eat another course.  Out came my check and a deep fried shrimp head for "dessert" as my waiter called it.  It was crispy, hot, flavorful and was a nice finishing touch to the very good meal that I just had.Overall, I was highly satisfied with my meal and will certainly go back.  A lot of places really push those bastardized garbage sushi rolls filled with cream cheese, drenched in sauce, and deep fried to high heaven.  Thank goodness I didn't see a whole lot of that being served here.
4	I went to dinner with 2 co-workers last night, a Monday night.  We walked in and found out it was our lucky night.  Without a reservation we weren't able to get a table, but there were 3 seats in a row immediately available at the sushi bar.  This place is small, so definitely plan ahead and make reservations.The service was friendly and prompt. We started with edamame, seaweed salad and a house salad.  Our group of 3 ordered a variety of sushi rolls, nigiri and sashimi.  I tend to stick with rolls primarily, but couldn't resist the tuna (maguro) nigiri my boss ordered.  The fish is so fresh here, I had to try a piece.  He also had the Negi Toro roll (fatty tuna/tuna belly with scallions) which I tried.  It wasn't my personal favorite, but I'm glad I tried it here at Hiro to try the best.I chose 2 rolls for myself. First, a shrimp tempura roll.  Pretty reliable and not very creative, but I always get it.  This one was a little bland (probably made worse by my no-cucumber request) but they happliy provided a little side of eel sauce when I requested it.My second roll was the Spicy Ribbon Roll.  I LOVED it.  I will go back for this roll.  The spicy tuna had a great flavor and was a perfect match for the cool, creamy avocado striped on top.This was by far the highest quality sushi I have had in Phoenix/Scottsdale, and probably anywhere else in the country.  The price was fair and as I expected.  Rolls range from $6.95 to $13.95.  No real specials like happy hour, but I was coming here for an exceptional dinner, not a discounted price and/or experience.
4	The best spider roll I have had in any sushi place I have ever been in.  Awesome!  If you're into soft-shell crab rolls like I am, you are always looking for the best.  So far... this one tops the list.  Good balance of ingredients and very fresh.  A must try on your next time out.
5	Absolutely the best sushi and Japanese restaurant in Scottsdale and one of the very few if only that is Japanese owned and operated. All of the Chefs are Japanese and are well trained. The food is fresh and portions are generous. We go at least once a week and never grow tired of the food. You can also order large bottles of Sake which they will keep for you for your next time in. Hiro, Leo, Masa, EJ, Take, Kazu and Steve are fantastic chefs.
4	Went here for my birthday dinner and it was quite busy. We managed to find a place by the bar and it was quite charming. We ordered miso soup, Shumai and couple of sushi dishes. All of it was delicious! We ended the meal with the tempura ice cream and god was it yummy! Will definitely be goin back to this place to try out more from the menu.
4	We have visited this restaurant several times and each time we really enjoyed the food here.  The wait can be long as 45 minutes or longer but worth it.
4	Really good quality sushi!  It's busy on Friday nights, but they take reservations.  Great tamago.  Their hamachi sashimi was incredible!  Some of the best I've ever eaten.  Very good customer service.  The atmosphere is nice, not trendy.  It gets pretty loud when they are busy, but it's definitely a great place to get excellent sushi!
5	I was introduced to Hiro Sushi by a good friend. The food is always delicious and the service is impeccable - whether you choose to sit at a table, belly up to the sushi bar or bring your order home. Everyone has a terrific attitude and the food is always extremely fresh. In a word: outstanding!
4	Best fish in town for sushi.However,  anyone else notice that the standard type rolls (yellowtail, salmon, etc) went from 8pc to 6pc?  That would be OK if the 6 pieces were as large as the original 8, but they are not.  It leaves me and my wife needing to order an entire extra roll just to eat the same amount as previously served.I would have preferred a couple dollar price increase to get the original quantity of food.  The fish is great and the service is great, but the value has diminished and caused me to look elsewhere.
5	Bombastic. No more words needed when explosions are going on in your mouth.The salmon sushi was amazing, you can just feel it melting in your mouth. The hamachi was amazing. It was red, nit yellow. Mund blowing.
5	Had Okinawan soba today for lunch, it was amazing!  3 other people had the same and it was 101degrees outside.
5	Best sushi in Arizona!!! Come here all the time, it's right down the street. Found it on Yelp. I'm from NY and it is right up there with some of the best sushi I've had.
5	Second time eating at the sushi bar and I still think it's the freshest sushi in Arizona. I'm from LA where there is a ton of fresh sushi and this place is surprisingly up to par. Got the omakase tonight and it was amazing!  Got uni sushi and most of the time when I order this it's not fresh and looks gross... Both visits I've ordered this and both times it has been fresh and tastes like the sweet ocean!  Sushi chefs are friendly and attentive. Waitresses are hit or miss. My first visit the waitress refilled my green tea constantly. This time I had to turn around and ask for it to be refilled. Oh well. I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in the area!
5	Best sushi we have ever had! So fresh, so many options. Always busy so make a reservation before going here.
5	The atmosphere was great. Authentic Japanese sushi bar. All the sushi chefs spoke Japanese as well as English. I ordered the hiro roll, Las Vegas roll and one other roll. They were all delicious. The Las Vegas roll was one of the best Vegas rolls I've ever had. Their green tea would taste better sweetened.their miso soup was also delicious.
4	Really liked their Okinawa soba. I am usually all for the sushi and rolls at a place like this but the noodle dish really was something else. Sushi and rolls, however, were just okay. The rolls may have had too much rice - it was a bit difficult to eat.
5	The best Salmon Bento in town They actually crisp the skin on the salmon, hmmm! Try the real crab California rolls
5	Perhaps I had low expectations for sushi in AZ, but I have to admit that they can hold their own to some of the sushi places back home.First the negatives, or actually just negative, since I can think of only one thing - the place is tiny, so the wait could be quite long if it's a busy night (we went on Thurs, and waited about 15 mins for a party of 3).I ordered some of the sushi: blue fin tuna, unagi, yellowtail, and scallop - they were all fresh and yummy!  In addition, we had the agedashi tofu, and the shishito peppers - both were done perfectly!  In addition to the sushi and appetizers, I ordered a combo chicken teriyaki and pork ginger...yes, I was hungry - both entrees were delicious too!So needless to say, whenever I'm back in the area, I will definitely make an effort to return to Hiro Sushi!
4	Best sushi in scottsdale hands down. Really fresh fish. Try the spicy mussels...they're amazing. The only bummer is they don't have a full bar. If they did it would get 5 stars.
5	This is the best sushi I had in the phoenix area. This is a traditional japanese sushi restaurant where quality is most important vs the mediocre sushi restaurants that focus on the atmosphere first.   The fish is very fresh and the chefs prepare it very well.  I got 4 orders of nigiri (2 per order) , eel cucumber roll, mushroom teppan soup, seaweed salad.  My favorite was the salmon nigiri. The chefs were very nice too and it was fun sitting at the sushi bar.  I will definetly be back!
5	Pretty impressive sushi for being in the middle of the desert. I ordered the kalamari (zesty , tangy and fresh) and the diamondback roll which was to die for. Delicious!! Thanks , yelp .
5	Wow!! We came here for our 3 year anniversary dinner we are both huge sushi fans, this place blew me out of the water the fish was fresh and had amazing taste. I'm glad we made sure to get a reservation because it was really busy. I will throw this out here if you are in a rush....DONT GO HERE....BUT.. if you have time to sit down and enjoy the company you are with and have and long dinner this is your place. It's and little gem. I do recommend getting an appetizer or getting plates you can share as most plates come one and a time so one person may be eating and yhe other person may not have anything, which if that doesn't bother you than awesome, some people however it might. Will make sure to come here again!!
3	I came here to have sushi and it came out room temperature when it should have been cold & was not pleasant. Their white rice was mushy. The teriyaki chicken was okay but very salty and the teriyaki sauce tasted like it was soy sauce. The only thing good here was their miso soup. They did have great service as well. But I would not come here again or recommend this place.
3	Hiro Sushi is a traditional sushi bar/restaurant in Scottsdale.  It's a popular place where you can get a true Japanese experience.My Overall Rating - 3 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - You'll find a long, traditional sushi bar along with several tables & chairs.  Now, it's not a large restaurant, so you can expect it to be full of patrons.  It can be a bit cramped in certain areas.  You're best off in a party of 4 or at the sushi bar when it's crowded.   1/2 Star.Service - I like sushi restaurants where the server speaks Japanese.  It always makes me feel like getting authentic sushi.  Hiro Sushi passes this test.  Service was a bit slower when it got busy, but we were able to get all our orders in, order more, etc.  Great stuff here.  1 Star.Food - We ordered the Chirashi special, which provided us with a large assortment of sashimi.  Honestly, from the ratings we thought we would be blown away, but it was good.  Also ordered some Udon noodles which provided a nice broth.  We continued with several other rolls - again solid but nothing memorable.  The entire meal is good not great, which isn't a bad thing.  1 Star.Will I Return? - Only if I'm craving sushi in Scottsdale.  We made it here due to the high ratings, but honestly I didn't find anything so outstanding that I haven't had at many other Sushi restaurants.  There's no doubt Hiro has a loyal following, but I would only come back if sushi was the only type of cuisine I was craving.   1/2 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
5	After years of eating mediocre Japanese  food in Arizona, I've finally found a place worth going back to again and again. From the outside it's nothing impressive, but it was packed on a Friday night. The steak tarriaki, was great and the miso soup was the best I've had in years. if you're  in the area, give it a shot.
4	Wonderful Assortment of Sushi and Sashimi.  Very disappointed in Oyster Shooters, though.  We will be back.
1	I give this place a 1 star because I got a serious salmonella poisoning.  The food tasted fine just like it would at any other decent sushi place that you would pay $110 for 2 people.  But I had severe severe severe watery diarrhea for 4 days 8 hours later. Try seeing patients for living with salmonella poisoning it will change the way u think about sushi. This sucks because I love sushi so much, it only takes one time to experience just pure water fall style diarrhea. Sorry guys for being that graphic.  But this place ruined my love for sushi. : (So if you want to end up like me lose love for sushi go right ahead to this place.
4	Really solid sushi and sashimi here. My main complaint is we asked our waitress to bring us a bunch of sushi and sashimi that the chef recommended and asked to include some of the unusual specials. The waitress asked how much we wanted to spend and we asked how much money would require something special and she said $50 a person.After waiting about 30 minutes we get a plate of very basic sashimi - although it did taste very good. Then we received 6 pieces of sushi, which were also tasty, but it didn't seem that we received $50 worth of food considering the costs of items on the menu. Also - we asked for a specific roll on the side and asked for avocado twice and didn't receive it both times. I'd definitely give this place another try and order items directly off the menu but I was a bit disappointed by the experience because it seemed we didn't get the amount of food we paid for and were still hungry at the end.Otherwise, the service is great and this seems like a good local place.
1	This place is ridiculous! I placed a to go order and arrived when I was supposed to then waited for 15 mins in a small crowed waiting area just to pick up my order. They really need more help at the front during peak dinner hours. I will not be back
5	Took my 7yrs son who is a big sushi fan but never had Toro before.  Ordered a few nigiri, udon and Toro sashimi.  Great food and excellent service.  Sitting at the sushi counter is a nice treat for my son to watch his sushi being made.Sushi and Sashimi are the highlights.  Udon has a nice broth.Price is about $20-40 per person depending on what you ordered.
3	Summary: Consistently snooty hostesses, great wait staff and phenomenal quality food.I'll share the bad first since Hiro gets more than ample praise that is mostly deserved. I don't know what it is, but the hostesses at the front of the restaurant have been particularly rude and unwelcoming for the past 3/5 visits. Hiro is very busy and very small with few seats. If you haven't got reservations expect to feel like an enormous burden if you come to eat here. It honestly feels like all the hostesses are 10th grade girls who don't know how to accommodate a party without a reservation. It's as if they haven't dealt with such a perplexing situation before. I wouldn't have let this shortcoming bother me so much if the staff didn't have such poor self control. After seating our party at the bar, one of the hostesses said, "You REALLY should get reservations if you're going to eat here" as she walked away. We live a mile from this place and sometimes decide to eat here in the spur of the moment... It's just poor form and not the kind of attitude that should be present in a quality dining establishment.Food-wise, I can't speak highly enough of the sashimi. The quality and freshness of the fish is apparent. i haven't explored the sushi scene in cities like LA or SF but would imagine Hiro humbly rivals the quality of the best in these culinary hot spots. Once your seated, the staff seem to all be delightful and professional.
4	Delicious sushi for dine in or take out! Staff is courteous and helpful, food is fresh. Best sushi I've had in Scottsdale! The restaurant is dark from the outside, when we first approached my party couldn't tell if Hiro was open or not. Once inside though, we were happily greeted by framed awards and pictures of baseball players (go Giants!) eating there. A new favorite :)
4	When i have sushi, I always base my ratings on the freshness of the fish. If it's not fresh, it's not for me. Also, in Japan the most popular fish is Maguro or Tuna. Hiro Sushi serves only the freshest fish available. The Maguro sashimi was excellent! I have also tried the dinner combo which is good for the non sushi eating crowd.It's a small restaurant so arrive early to guarantee a seat. Fortunately, we arrived 10 minutes before the restaurant opened and we were NOT the first in line.
