5	"The Best Things Are Worth Waiting For"I can't wait to go back!I heard of the Madison Improvement Club in early summer, through the Free Your Sol Yoga series. I soon was excited for this new yoga and spin studio with cafe.Conveniently located on the NE corner of 38th St and Indian School Road, you can't miss the OM perfectly aligned in the MIC sign.Inside it's the most modern and fresh studio I have ever been to. There is a beautiful waterfall outside which you can see from the yoga studio, and if you're lucky enough, you can hear it, too. The yoga room also has wall cubbies to store your stuff. I took Alex's class and it was awesome. He keeps it fun, but I usually sweat buckets, and today was no exception. Good thing you can sit outside in the shade to eat! I have nothing but rave reviews for the rest of the teachers, too. I have taken almost every other instructor's classes at yoga elsewhere before the MIC opened, and I am so glad that such a fun group of people all teach here! I haven't taken a spin class, but they say it's a party, so I think I'll have to brave my first one with harmony!The S.e.e.d. cafe is also incredibly well thought out. The names of the menu items are clever, and the (mostly local) ingredients are mouth-watering. I had the Tune Up, tuna sandwich, which isn't made with mayonnaise, and trust me, this is much better! Beautiful heirloom tomatoes and other goodies are included on the nine grain bread. I literally wanted to try every other sandwich, salad, smoothie, and breakfast item on the menu and I think I'm going to have to make this a new spot for just lunch, even when I don't have time for a class! The staff is very friendly, too. Congratulations, Madison Improvement Club, you've made an Ommmmmazing place!
5	What an amazing place! Fantastic teachers, great food and smoothies at the cafe. The Yoga room was peaceful and the spinning bikes were great. A beautiful place to call my 2nd home!
4	An update:  I was very impressed with the owner and his responsiveness to my post.  I am happy to say that they have lowered their Drop in Price to $15.00 - Whoo Hoo.  I also would like to prop out a teacher; Todd Schuler.  I tried his class for the first time last week and LOVED IT.  He really made it fun, lots of different jumps, worked the arms, great mix between speed and hills.  My only complaint is that he only teaches Tuesday and Thursday...would love to see him teach a weekend class.  I can guarantee when I can hit up T/T I will be a regular in his class. "sprinkle of some more"
4	The MIC is by far the coolest studio I've been to in Phoenix. I've only taken a few spin classes but they've been fun, challenging, and unlike any other class I've ever taken - it's like a full-blown light show! It's like spinning in the middle of a Vegas club. The cafe is an awesome addition to the space. I've tried a few smoothies, each of them being delicious.I believe they recently lowered the class prices which is always a plus. Your first class is free, so that in itself should get you in the door. Everything else MIC has to offer will get you back in the door for more classes!
5	There are several yoga studios in Central Phoenix that hold a special place in my heart.  Danielle at Sutra is great.  All of the teachers at Urban are wonderful... but I think MIC might be my new fave!  I was lucky enough to take a free yoga class from Anton Mackey at the Palomar over the summer, so when I saw that he'd be a regular at MIC, I knew I'd have to try them out.  I took his class last Saturday and just WOW!  I honestly think my practice was the deepest it's ever been under his guidance.  He gives lots of adjustments and just always has such great energy and a great message to go along with each of his classes.  I can't recommend him enough!The MIC itself is really neat, too!  I've never been in a studio that has so much hustle and bustle to it.  The space is beautiful and the staff are all super friendly.  Five stars!
3	My first impressions may be a little off since I chose to go on new years day.  I went to phenomenal flow.  It was packed.  I don't Yoga well,when I'm in sardined quarters. Facilities:  clean inviting and hip. Yoga studio well designed  Instructor:  energetic without being annoying. Liked the music selection.  He did seem a little bit like a Jack Johnson-inspired yogi.   No focus on form or improving which is kind of what I personally need so maybe I need to attend at a different time.  This class has no instruction just leading through. Pricing: competitive for rest of studios in the area. Clientele:  not fair to judge off of a few loud yogis right? but there were some valley -talking sorority grads killing my zen before we got started.  The room was full of bro hugs and people who probably were all at some of the local bars last night with their crews.  I guess maybe the whole vibe is designed to be where Greek life kids go when they grow up. A grown up residence hall just isn't appealing to me. I'm a late 30s mom of two.  There were some people there who are probably in my demographic but I just felt like we weren't the target clients. Seed cafe.  Ok. $28 for two sandwiches and a salad. I was the only person waiting for food. More than 30 minute wait for food.  Unacceptable by any standards right??  I know people need training but I always feel annoyed when I see chef cooks reading out of the recipe binder.   Sandwiches were good. Salad was just ok.  It's a clean place and a good workout. But with so many studios offering different vibes for yoga, I will be going to hot yoga u.  It felt more like me, even if it's a bit of a drive.
5	The MIC is my new obsession.....if you like spin or yoga, you have to check it out!  This place is clean and modern but also inviting.  The staff is incredibly friendly, approachable and positive.  All of the instructors have their own unique approaches to their classes which keeps it interesting and fun.  I love the spin classes - exteremly comfortable bikes, great high energy tunes and fun lighting (wear neon!).  The yoga room is a beautiful clean space.  I feel very comfortable in the classes even at my beginner level.   The instructors always help to show you the correct form and are always willing to answer any questions that you may have (this applies for spin classes as well).  They encourage you to make the class what you want it to be for yourself and to move at your own pace.  The MIC is not only great for their classes, but it's a great hangout.  They have a delicious cafe with one of the best acai bowls I have ever tried!  I need to try more menu items - they have smoothies, homemade protein bars, salads, sandwiches and also serve wine and beer!  Everything is very fresh.  There are several seating areas for you to make yourself at home and relax.  The MIC is a must!
5	The MIC is the shizz!I finally caved and decided to come to the MIC to try a spin class, and boy am I hooked! I have even brought 3 friends to come spin with me, and they all are just as in love as me! Right when I walked in, I was met by an incredibly friendly staff at the front desk. They went over everything with me, and even took me to my bike in class and helped me get set up. I took class with Todd, and he is awesome! The music is so upbeat, and the black lights are so much fun! Even if you are completely out of shape, you get lost in the music and you won't realize how much pain you are in until you are all done! During this class, you seriously transform your body and mind into a machine, and it is awesome!The S.E.E.D. Cafe in the MIC is a delight! I tend to get smoothies after class, and they are very open to adding additional ingredients to the smoothie of your choice. I have yet to try any of the food here, though I hear it is superb. There is a cute outdoor patio, and they even serve wine and beer- perfect for a Friday night after spin! I can't comment on the yoga portion of the MIC, though the popular opinion is that the classes are pretty great. All local residents have no excuse for not trying out the MIC, since the first class is free for us locals! Go now! Get off your bum and get sweaty!
3	To be fair, the MIC is no-where near my neighborhood.  Travel alone makes it prohibitive to practice here.  That being said, this is what I would think if it were my neighborhood yoga studio:*Super hip Mid Century building.  Even the parking lot was cool.  Front desk staff was friendly, took us on a tour of the facility which was nice.  Can't imagine what it costs them to have three pretty girls working the front desk, but it can't be cheap.*Did Flow class with Alex Austin.  Was a fan of his from the At One days.  His classes are a heated, but not Hot, flow.  The MIC provides clean towels and water (a must, both of them).  The class was full but not packed.  The music is hip and I usually hear two or three songs I want to add to my personal playlist.  The focus is more on going through the motions, literally, than on form or refinement.  That's fine with me; I'm looking for a workout and stregnth building more than pose accuracy.  But, I've also been practicing for a while and I feel pretty comfortable with how my body moves.*First class FREE!  Nice!  Special $10/drop in for teacher's/students.  Also nice.  the $15 drop in is about the going rate.  The monthly unlimited at $160/mo is too rich for my blood.  I belong to a studio closer to my house and pay $90/month for unlimited and I think that's the limit of what I'd be willing to pay.Didn't try the cafe, but they didn't look very busy.  Food looked fresh and the place looked clean and that's all I can say about that.If you live in the area and are looking for a yoga or spin class it's worth your time to check out.
5	By far the best place to do yoga in town. All the best teachers are here.
4	When they say the spin class is a party on a bike they are not lying! I have not taken a spin class here that I have not enjoyed. The instructors are soooo much fun and I really enjoy how they each put their own "spin" on the class. I love the building, its beautiful! I also really enjoy the SEED cafe but however charging 7 dollars for a protein shake it a little pricey, but it is delicious! I also feel for me its a bit pricey for the class but they do offer a student/teacher discount which makes it only 10 bucks a class, which keeps me, a student coming back for more fun on the bike! Be prepared to feel like you just got out of the club at 9 am in the morning! I love it though becuase i feel it starts my day off on a high!
5	This place is a gem!  All of the instructors for both spin and yoga are great teachers who want your experience to be the best.  They genuinely love what they are doing which makes their classes so amazing.  I am always drenched in sweat after each class!  I was sort of skeptical to come here before it opened because it was slightly intimidating...with all of the best teachers from all around the valley having a large following of yogis and spinners, I was worried I'd feel out of place.  That did not happen at all!  I have always been greeted with smiling faces from all of the staff and the teachers.  They make all classes for all levels, so it really is great for everyone.The food.  The. food. is. amazing.  Who knew that I would like a you're so keen (quinoa burger) more than a regular beef burger!  They give you great healthy options so you can have a delicious lunch that makes you feel good and is good for you!  The juices are amazing, and if you want to create your own, you can!Overall, this place is a 9.99, only because I wish they would have more than one shower!  I like to go to class in the morning and go straight to work, and others have the same idea, so we have to take turns having quick showers...it would be nice if there was at least one more shower!! :)
5	It's been a couple of months, and I am still obsessed with the MIC. I have explored and taken other spin classes, and I am still in love. Each instructor brings a different quality to class, and its awesome to know that once class starts, you are going to lose yourself for an hour. Walking out of class is the most euphoric feeling ever. Love it!Keep up the hard work MIC!
5	I have been to 3 different yoga instructors (Gina, Alex and Anton) and I have tried the spin class once. So far, I have loved every class! They are very challenging and not for beginners, but for the type of person who wants to push themselves, this is the place to be. They offer $10 classes when you bring your student ID, and they even have a healthy juice bar/restaurant inside. I really want to try a smoothie soon! They make you feel welcome from your very first visit, and everything is clean and modern inside. The yoga room is big and there is ample room to put your belongings in the cubbies on the side. The spin room is smaller but it is sooo cool! The light show is unbelievable! This place is such an amazing addition to the community - I love that they specialize in just two types of workouts (spin & yoga) and do both really well. Way to go, MIC!
5	My favorite spin experience in Phoenix. Great price to party and the instructors are energetic, hilarious, and ... lets just say it, 'HOT!'
5	Great place! Best spin. Stephanie and Todd are my fav spin instructors. Candlelit yoga. Love. Cafe is awesome.
4	I really really liked the spin class!! I usually am not a fan of spinning, and this one went by quick, and it was fun!!! 4 stars instead of 5 because I wish it weren't so pricey for an unlimited membership! I can't wait to try the yoga too!
3	Since they started the practice of asking you to look up your class schedule when you want the student pricing, I haven't been as much of a fan. A student ID should be enough. Also, the last couple of yoga classes I have been to have been packed to the gills. We arrived 30 minutes early to get a good spot, but it didn't matter in the end because people kept coming. Even 10 minutes into the class, we all had to readjust our mats. I was about 5 inches away from the people on each side of me, making some of the poses difficult & making it far less enjoyable for me.I may or may not be back after these experiences- there are other yoga places that I want to try out.
5	BEST PLACE IN PHOENIX! Beyond friendly staff who is super welcoming and passionate about their concept and life in general. A clean, bright and inviting space. The classes are phenomenal, offering a full fledged workout guaranteed to pump your blood and your endorphins. The 50 minute spin classes fly by due to the motivating teachers, state of the art equipment, black lights, and amazing music. I ALWAYS walk out of the place feeling  100% more confident, lighter, and happier. Worth every penny.
5	I've been waiting for the day that I could write a review on MIC and finally the time as come. I love Madison Improvement Club so much that I wish I could pay rent and live in it for my entire life.  I have done yoga since highschool and attended various workout classes and gyms but this is hands down the BEST run studio of all time. Not only are the teachers amazing and the staff is super nice, but finally there is a workout studio that is big enough to walk around in and not bump shoulders with the sweaty masses. They have ample lockers and cubbys to put your stuff in. It's also spotless and I always see someone come in after class and clean the yoga floor and the bike seats. And I think the best thought out feature is the fact that both the yoga room and the spin room open up to the outside. Like the whole wall can just open up so after class you can cool off with real outside air! And it doesn't get stuffy at all in the rooms. They literally have everything here, which is good because I seem to always be forgetting my water bottle, shoes, you name it and I've probably left it at home.  They've got towels, ice cold water, rental mats, rental spin shoes, and the girls locker room has shampoo, conditioner, body wash, face wash, and a bevy of hair products! I know this stuff is typical of a big gym, but this is just a small local studio for classes. All you need to bring to your workout is yourself. The gear they sell is actually pretty cute too, lots of LuLu and other popular workout brands. Anyway, I used to hate spin. It was boring sitting on a bike and it hurt, but I've seriously never had more fun than at this class. I would rather spend a night at one of these spin classes than at Smashboxxx (but I would also rather spend a night in jail than at Smashboxxx so I guess that was a bad comparison). I like Andrew V's classes because I'm partial to the music he plays. It's alot of cool electronic remixes to popular songs. And if I'm doing Yoga, I like Alex Austins class. It's really high energy and he's so positive.I've gotten at least 10 friends to come with me on numerous occasions and a few of them now belong and are regulars with me. The only thing that is a bummer is the price, but I think it's pretty comparable to other classes out there and it's worth it anyway. And don't even get me started on S.E.E.D Cafe. My entire paycheck would go to buying sandwhiches, salads, and juices from there if it could.So THANK YOU to whoever the owner is for turning whatever that building was into this awesome place.
5	BEST spinning studio I've ever been to! The lights, music, cafe, people(everything!) create such an awesome energy! I love Katie's classes--she's such an wonderful instructor & keeps me pumped up the ENTIRE class (even though it's 6AM!! & she has the best playlists!
5	5 stars all the way! Finally tried my first yoga class 3 months ago with Harmony and loved it! I've been to several other instructors all are so amazing! If you're new to yoga, try the ABC Yoga on Tues and Thursdays it's a great way to get started! Finally broke into Phenomenal Flow, it's challenging but just what I need.  It's like true therapy and has changed my life with the way I feel mentally and physically.  I finally went to spin 101 and will be trying my first spin class soon! I'm excited because every time I walk by it's truly a party on a bike.
5	When I moved from Phoenix. I knew I was going to miss Madison but I had no idea how much. I figured I was moving to Portland there would have to be something that was a little bit like it. I. could. not. have. been.  more. wrong. It was kind of like hoping if I squinted my eyes the easter bunny could be Santa Claus. You just can't make a stupid bunny look like Santa Claus. So here I sit in a wasteland of crappy spinning classes and weird yoga. But here's the good news. If you're reading this, there is a high chance you're considering going to Madison because you have the opportunity to do so. WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING ON HERE?! GO!!!!!!!! Put your silly inhibitions away about it not being the kind of people you're used to. They will all be super skinny and totally in shape and you think you're fat and blah blah blahhhhhhhhhh. Someone will always be something more than you are. But I can tell you the people who run MIC.  They don't care. They really don't. They were also smart enough to cultivate instructors who don't care either. That and it's dark so it's not like you gotta look at anyone anyway. It's worth it. Really and truly it is. A fun upbeat work out and an intangible...something. You are not going to find it anywhere else (trust me on that I've about ripped Portland apart to find something even kind of like it). I miss it and namaste aside I kind of want to give you a wet willy because you can go.  A bit of advice if you're thinking about going during peak hours. Sign up online save yourself some trouble. Other than that, go with a open mind. Leave your insecurities at the door and have a good time. And don't give me any crap about the price. You get what you pay for and if you don't believe me may I suggest a spinning class at 24 hour fitness. You'll pay MIC 5 times more than what they ask just you never have to deal with that indescribable pain ever again.
1	Super bummed with the MIC after a pretty crummy experience today. It used to be one of my favorite places to be but I really doubt I'll be back anytime soon. I started going there a year ago and it's the only yoga studio I've been to (except that one time in NYC...but that was purely due to location ;)) They changed their policy around reservations without any notice (I literally follow them on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and I read their weekly e-mail newsletter.. plenty of opportunities to share this little tid bit.. they didn't even mention it in class or at sign in!!). So now if you reserve a spot in class ahead of time and you're not there 10 minutes early (could be 5, they said both when they told me I couldn't come in), they give your spot to someone else who didn't bother to sign up.  Now 5 or 10 minutes may not sound like much but that's longer than it takes me to drive there and if the parking situation wasn't so atrocious, it would be longer than my entire trip. Most Saturdays at the time of this class I can park on the street behind the building, but today, I had to park 4 streets up. I had been considering walking or riding my bike recently and probably would have if I had known I might lose my space in class if I didn't get there early. At a minimum I would have left earlier. This new policy is just going to make the parking problem worse by encouraging people who don't have a reservation to show up anyway. Better off going to a studio where membership and a reservation mean a spot in class!
5	I am addicted. I take the "Dirty Wednesday" spin class every...yep, you guessed it...Wednesday, and I squeeze in other classes when I can (I have yet to try their yoga but it's happening soon). The lights, the AWESOME mixes, the energy...hands down the best spin class I've ever taken. I work out often, but it's Madison's spin class that has me excited about my class ALL DAY. Their cafe also serves delicious and healthy things - great for a busy morning or a lazy night after class.Wait. Never mind...it sucks, don't go there. I didn't get to go to my class tonight because there was a wait list......
5	Hip Hop, Booty PopLive DJ, Got That Beat DropTuesday NightsSpinning on FlightGot Me on that Cardio BikeM.I.C is the Bee's KneesA Great Place to BeHealthy, Fun and Guilt-FreeGet your Work-Out FlowAnd Gain a GlowExcuses? No More!I got a body to show! ;)
5	I am neither a yogi or spin aficionado by any means. With the flexibility of a rock and zero spin experience prior. I am living nearby and was given a  shove to try the Monday night spin class...I reluctantly took a night off from "Chest Day" at the local meathead gym to expand my experiences. Beautiful and clean facility. The staff is wonderful. You can tell they love their job and it shows with the warm service  and smiles. The cafe has good selection of healthy choices with a dog friendly patio. I cannot compare it to other spin classes, since I have no prior experience, but needless to say I'm hooked to a weekly spin class and will be trying a yoga class hopefully soon. Only thing that may bother you, is if you have a touch of claustrophobia, the spin room is a tight fit, but I have found that after about five minutes you become so focused on the workout that the anxiety will subside.
5	What an Amazing first time spin class with Chrissy!!The music,lights and comfort ability was awesome. Your employees were very friendly and oh so kind to help. Thank you for a wonderful first time experience!Sincerely,Lori Agresta
5	Whether it is the spin or yoga you're after, you will not be disappointed. I drive a good distance to get in one of my favorite workouts ever! Love this place.
5	Madison Improvement Club, you know how to kick my you know what and I approve! I worked up a serious sweat here when I took a spin class. They aren't kidding when they call it a "party on a bike." I didn't even realize that I had been spinning like crazy for 45 minutes because of all the excitement going on. The spin instructor Brittany was so energetic and friendly that she made me want to spin even harder! The music kept me motivated and I enjoyed the lighting affects. Have you ever spun with a black light? Well, if you go to Madison Improvement Club, you'll get to experience this crazy experience! I worked really hard throughout the 45 minutes, but it never felt long or exhausting, just simply a great workout. I plan on coming back soon because I want to attend the class where they bring in a live DJ! It was my first time so it was only $5 and now when I return I can either purchase a day pass, five class pass or monthly unlimited! I am definitely sold on this party on a bike!
5	MIC! This is my first review I am writing on Yelp and I am so happy I can proclaim my obsession with the Madison. When you walk in you're greeted by the nicest staff. The cafe has healthy small plates and protein shakes that you can preorder before your class and get a discount.  If you enjoy spin classes or yoga you will love this studio. The yoga classes are all a little on the intermediate level but if you are newer to yoga the instructors are helpful no matter how large the class. I did study yoga for a year in college and the classes definitely push me.  But obviously the point of a good work out is to sweat and feel accomplished after.  The spin classes are insane but in the best way.  You are in a dark room with loud pump up music and the flashing lights(club scene) The teachers are getting you to feel good and keep you going the whole class.  No matter what class you take at MIC you will leave feeling like you had a great workout.
5	Love this place for Party on a Bike with Todd on Sunday AMs.  He brings in a DJ and the music is BUMPING.  They turn the lights down low and you just jam out and spin.  So invigorating and fun!  Word of advice: Book early, it sells out quick!
5	My favorite new workout spot. Spin classes and instructors are amazing. I recommend Stephanie and Todd's class.. Andrew is good too. Atmosphere is upbeat and fun. May be too loud for older folks. I've taken one yoga class there and it was great too. Restaurant inside is amazing! Highly recommend
2	I used to love Anton's class. I left his class early today because what I'm paying for is instruction. It might be helpful to remember some of us only get to yoga once a week and are looking for direction. I can do my own moves at home with music if that's what I wanted. When did his classes shift to 'ok, now do that on your own 3 times'? Not bad just not for me.
5	First thing I have to say about MIC is that it is ADDICTING! Addicting in the best way possible. I guarantee you try one class and you will crave to come back! The environment is friendly, helpful, and fun! Don't worry if you are a beginner the teachers will help you throughout the whole class. I've been going to Alex's phenomenal flow class. Every time I attend his class, it makes my day so positive! I can't get enough of his class! The cafe inside the MIC is wonderful as well. Plenty of healthy options after your workout.. Not to mention they give 10% off if you order your food before class starts!
5	You know when the superfit girls say the class is hard you are going to get a great workout.  This is a very welcoming atmosphere from the staff to the students. I took a spin class with Todd and it was hard, fun, and I cannot reccomend a better way to start your Sunday.  Looking forward to coming back to the Madison stronger and better each time.  If you are taking your class for the first time or have never taken a spin class in your life, come early.  Harmony and the lady with the bunny ears really welcomed me and helped me get comfortable on the spin bike.   Happy Easter MIC.
5	Completed my second spin class today.  I am well on my way to being a spin doctor.  Coming to The Madison Improvement Club really adds a lot of variety and goal setting to my health program.  I am seeing results already and was able to do a bit more this class.  Yay Madison and Yay me.
5	Going strong.  I really enjoy coming here.  The staff and spin classes are all so consistent and such a great atmosphere.  Thank you MIC!
5	High energy, fun and challenging spin class with disco lights and dance music.  You will work your butt off but have fun while doing it.  Cute selection of workout clothes, nice cafe and your first class is $5 and comes with spin shoes.  I highly recommend!
2	It was my first yoga class ever. I thought it was "okay" but  since trying out other places in the neighborhood, I now realize that Madison Improvement Club isn't really that great - especially for true beginners. As a complete newbie, I made time in my busy evening schedule to attend an "ABC" class  - which I guess is about fundamentals and what not. When I got there, the instructor was someone other than who I had signed up for, but she said she taught the other ABC class, so I figured I'd just give it a go. Well, considering I didn't know ANYTHING about yoga, I was pretty upset that she didn't give much direction and didn't make any adjustments. If I wanted to act like I knew what I was doing, I probably would have bought DDP yoga online and started practicing at home. I wanted to take a class specifically for the INSTRUCTION that, you know, typically accompanies a CLASS setting - but there was none of that here. I left the class thinking that maybe she didn't say anything because I knew what I was doing, but when I attended a second class down the street at Metta Yoga, I realized I had been doing most of my poses wrong. Maybe it was just the instructor, but the entire experience was a little off-putting. I didn't find her voice soothing or her music choice very zen. There are probably better instructors and classes available, but considering they won't give me the student rate without a printed schedule (hello - it's summer vacation), I won't be back. Also, as a sidebar - $8 for a 24 oz smoothie??? I juice my own green smoothies at home in a Vitamix with fruit and veg from Costco for less than $2 a day! And it tastes EXACTLY the same...
5	If you love yoga or want to try it for the first time, come to Madison Improvement Club. It's a beautiful space with two types of yoga classes: what I call "hot and heavy" for people who want a Type A workout to booming music, and the Yoga ABC classes for people who want to linger a bit in a pose and like a little cueing from their instructor. Personally, I love the Yoga ABC classes (taught by Will, Amber, Harmony and Tara). Definitely a workout! and the music is a cool blend of Hindu-inspired beats and hip-hop. There's just the right amount of instruction, plus adjustments from the teachers (always nice when you really want to get into a pose). Definitely a great way to end a busy day.
5	This is one of the coolest places I have been to. They create a great experience when it comes to working out. I am hooked on the spin classes. They are so much fun! I am so glad I found this place.
4	Great yoga classes and most of the instructors are phenomenal!! I especially love Anton and Alex's classes. They really push you and get your heart pumping. I love Anton's spiritual side of yoga as well.  I always leave MIC feeling more zen and on a yoga high! It also helps that I'm profusely sweating and feel like I just did an hour of cardio!I haven't been to any of the spin classes but everyone I know that goes to MIC raves about those as well. The only cons I would say is the parking is bad and it's tough to get a close spot usually. And I do wish they would make a "No Talking" or "Only Quiet Voices" inside the yoga studio since mostly before class you're trying to get in the meditative vibe and there's chit chat until class starts. Love pretty much everything about MIC and wish they would open one in Scottsdale!!
5	Phenomenal yoga and spin classes. Favorite yoga instructors: Alex, Anton and Jen. Favorite spin instructors: Stephanie and Katie. Have been a member for over a year now, and I'm thankful the classes are consistent but also change enough to keep me interested.
5	Been here a few times for party on a bike on Sunday mornings! The instructor really keeps everyone motivated throughout the whole class and the amazing DJ t-last definitely knows the jams to get everyone amped up. I'm definitely a repeat customer and plan to stay that way!!!
5	Stephanie's Spin class is awesome!! She always comes in with a positive attitude and a huge smile. My wife has been taking spin class for awhile so I tried it out. I am hooked on this class now and can't wait for Sundays! Party on a Bike!!
5	Madison is a home away from home for me.  I find myself there about 3-4 times a week and once I'm there, I never want to leave.  That's a bold statement for a gym...But seriously, Madison is about as good as it gets for high-end, quality gyms in Phoenix.  I've been to a ton of trendy workout establishments in various cities - soulcycle, fly wheel, equinox - and Madison is up there with the top ones.Madison offers yoga and spin classes taught by some of the valley's best instructors.  The best part about Madison is that you can try either spinning or yoga free for your first class and see what it's all about.  I am sort of a spin addict and I've been doing it for over 10 years.  Madison's spin class, Party on a Bike, is one of the best classes I have ever taken.  This is what gets me in the door 3-4 times a week.  It is literally, a party on a bike.  Imagine the ultimate dance party that is playing all of your favorite songs with smiling, energetic people dancing along.  Oh, and you're burning calories at the same time - win, win.  Some of my favorite instructors are Brittny G. and Stephanie S.  You can't help but smile the entire time you're in class.The yoga classes are Madison are amazing as well for all of you yogis out there.  I just prefer spinning to yoga.  I've taken several yoga classes and the instructors are knowledgeable and helpful.  They are opening a 2nd location in Tempe in a couple of weeks and the building and atmosphere is suppose to be amazing.  Can't wait to check it out!
5	Awesome place to go to a spin class, yoga class, AND grab some fresh juice. All of the staff there is really friendly. The website is very informative.My favorite spin classes are those led by Brittny, Harmony, and Todd (Sunday mornings with a live DJ). The 8:30am Saturday spin class with Harmony and the 8:30 Sunday spin class with Todd both fill up quickly, so sign up earlier in the week!I recommend downloading the MindBody Connect App so that you can sign up for classes right on your phone. You can also choose to have the classes that you're signed up for sync with your calendar.If you are a beginner yogi, check out the Fundamental Flow class instead of the Phenomenal Flow class.Also, come to class 10 mins early so you can get a good parking spot (there are multiple options and there is usually someone outside to assist) and claim your mat/bike spot. If it's a very popular class with a waitlist, then they will give out spots 5 minutes before class. I've only seen waitlists for the spin classes.They are opening a studio in Tempe this fall, so I look forward to checking that out as well!Suggestion for MIC: Make it easier for people that want to do a spin class followed by a yoga class. It is possible to do this combo, but you would either have to leave spin class 10 minutes early or wait about 40 minutes in between. It's not a huge deal, but I think that you would attract more people to the unlimited memberships if this option was readily available.
5	Honestly, it will probably be the best spin class you will ever attend. Let's be real, beats the hell out of a Balley's or a 24 Hour Fitness.  One thing is the same, though. Your butt is going to feel like it got punched by a WWE superstar. (Yeah, I totally DVR the Divas reality show and have now actually watched a WWE Smackdown ... I'm not sure what's happened to me either.) I nominate these bike seats as the worst thing to happen to your butt since Crohn's Disease. Too far? Did I just take it too far?Anyway, back to the Madison Improvement Club. It almost makes me actually enjoy working out. That's a high compliment coming from someone whose favorite activity is drinking mimosas and eating eggs benedict.
5	I love the options of doing a yoga class or a spin class.If you want to have a great yoga class try Alex's class!! He creates a great experience by pushing you to challenge yourself and to get you out of your own head. Alex brings  such great energy to the yoga class that it's hard not to have a good time.If you want some fresh new tunes while you spin try taking one of Andrew's spin classes. He spends the time to make a good mix for you to stay on beat with and his upbeat attitude makes you want to keep going.
4	Ive been there now a few times for yoga and really love the classes. I dont think that I have sweat that much in a yoga class EVER...the instructors are awesome and do a good job at not making the newbies (me) feel bad if I cant get every pose at first try.The music is always upbeat and fun, the staff at the front are super sweet and helpful and it overall has a great vibe inside. A little on the pricey side in my opinion for their single sessions but Ive been willing to pay.I cant talk highly enough about the food and smoothies in the SEED cafe.. oh my god. Amazing... If you dont go for a work out, at least go try the delicious food!!!
5	If there were more stars I would give it to the MIC. This place is freaking incredible. The spin classes are challenging, inspiring, and perfectly programmed with music and lighting. I was hooked from class #1.Nothing beats the Madison 'vibe.' You always leave feeling energized and somewhat high from not only the incredible workout, but the welcoming and cheerful people both that work there and that attend. Carly & Mike are my fave Party on a Bike teachers, but I would bet that every instructor is awesome. Additional notes- facilities are super clean, the cafe is delicious, love the retail etc etc. just can't get enough of this place- it's clear that the Madison is in the business of helping other people and they're having one hell of a time doing it! :-)
5	According to Yelp, I have 15 check-ins at The MIC to date, but I'm pretty sure I've been many more times than that... Many of my visits are for the 6am spin or yoga classes, and when I'm half asleep, I likely forget to check-in.Regardless, I'm a huge fan of this locally owned, fabulous business.  Since I've already reviewed s.e.e.d. cafe separately (see below), this one will focus on the facility itself, the staff, and most important of all, the spin and yoga classes!Things I love... *the convenient location of this restored building.*the OM logo - read the history on their website!*the super friendly, cool staff from the core team and exuding positive energy and karma to all of the instructors, front desk and cafe staff, and of course, the members.  (You'll get a warm welcome whenever you stop by... even if it's before 6am!)*the kick-ass workouts and unique experience you have each and every visit.*the retail area*the MIC tag line: "do more of what makes you happy." Things I don't love...*nada!Well, to be fair, I'd love it here even more if they also provided child care, but if that was the case, I'd spend way too much time and money here, so it's probably for the best (at least for my pocket book), that they don't.It's worth noting that there is now a second MIC location that is open in Tempe... I have yet to check it out, but plan on doing so soon.  Cheers to many more MIC visits and more of doing what makes you happy (and healthy) in the new year and beyond!**See my s.e.e.d. cafe review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/s-e-e-d-cafe-phoenix?hrid=ryv1ZU_j9RmI0INrQmvRvw
