5	Finally a store in Scottsdale!  That's definitely something to YELP about!Which Wich is without question my favorite among franchise sandwich shops.  I actually discovered my first Which Wich in San Diego while driving around looking for an alternative to Subway and Quizno's - I was burned out on both of them!  Tired of the fake looking meat and trays of chicken going into the microwave at Subway.  Tired of Quizno's getting rid of all of the sandwiches I liked.It was love at first sight when I walked into that San Diego store and spotted one of my personal favorites on the menu - the Monte Cristo.  Given the bread isn't dipped in batter and it doesn't have 8,000 calories like the classic sandwich does, but it was a FAR cry better than Subway.  And it hit the spot BIG TIME!Since then, we've been to Which Wich dozens of times and sampled nearly everything on the menu.  Here's what I can tell you... The bread is delicious, the ingredients are fresh, the meat is real, and the ordering system is spectacular!The kids love it.  We love it.  It's unanimous!  Believe me when I tell you... that doesn't happen often in a family with 4 kids.Here's a personal favorite of mine you can try when ordering.  Someone at the Scottsdale store helped me coin its name... the Medi-Troy-anean (as in Mediterranean)Grab Bag #4 - ChickenThen mark the following circles:ChickenWheat BreadToasted(pick your size)Pepper Jack CheeseHummusTzatzikiTomatoesCucumbersOlive SaladSaltPepperThis sandwich is LEGIT and took years to develop. Well, ok, it may have just been a few visits but still... it's full of phenomenal amounts of deliciousness!!!
5	Which Wich.Where do I begin. The subs are fantastic, the service and location are great, and  the milkshakes, holy cow! I will be coming back a lot. So good!
5	Best. Sandwich. Shop. EVER! I love everything about Which Wich!! So many options for anybody's taste. I've been waiting for this place to open up...so glad it finally did, I see many lunch breaks at Which Wich!!Thanks for finally coming to Scottsdale!!!!!
3	Somewhat slow service, expected with new staff though. Sandwich took about 15 mins to get, but was fairly tasty, if not a bit messily constructed. Nothing earth-shattering but exceptional choices, this menu runs deep! The bread is good, too. Overall I think it just needs some time to come into its own.
4	The newest sandwich place in the neighbourhood and i already know multiple reasons I'll be back...the multiple combinations I still need to try. They have a very cute way to make selections on the bag , the buffalo chicken sandwich I ordered was yummy. Im certainly going to be back. And hey this way i'll manage to get the 10 th sandwich free :)
5	This place catered to my work last week and I loved it so much I had to go back this weekend.  I got the Wicked which is 5 meats and 3 cheeses, including bacon. Delicious!  Hands down, the best sandwich I've ever had.  Plus they have delicious cookies and shakes.
4	Heard about this place from a Yelp-er Elite member, so I thought I would try it out.  It's unlike any sandwich shop I have ever been to.  You walk in, and you have to create your own sandwich.  The place is intimidating.  You create your own and have a MILLION options from bread to condiments to toasted to not, the list goes on and on.  You make your selections on a brown pre-printed bag and pre pay.  Let me say this, if you don't have a good idea what you want or good sandwich combinations, this is going to be a disaster.  I went with my fiance and he made a sandwich that was AWFUL.  I on the other hand really enjoyed mine.  I'm a bit of a sandwich snob truth be told. The ingredients were fresh and the sandwich was well crafted and they definitely do not skimp on the quantity.  This place is good, really good.  Why not 5 stars?  It would have been a little better to know how to order rather than figure it out on your own.  There is also less than ample seating, which makes a big difference since it's always packed.
4	Great addition to the area! North Scottsdale needs more quick and easy lunch places like Which Wich. We had lunch there a few days after it opened. The place was packed, but the manager helped move the line along by explaining how the ordering system worked. First, you select a brown paper bag based on what type of meat you want, then fill in the ingredients. Next, pay and hand the bag to the cashier. Finally, collect your sandwich at the end of the counter.I ordered a turkey sandwich and had some of their homemade chips. Great sauce selection that includes A1, hummus, honey mustard and spicy ranch! There are three sizes: 7", 10", and 14". The regular 7" runs around $6, which includes cheese and all veggies (avocado costs extra). Not the best sandwich out there, but superior to the average sandwich chain. Will definitely make this a regular lunch spot!
4	Wow this place is popular... I tried it on a Tuesday at 1:30 PM and this place was still busy.  I had the Grinder with a Shake and both were really good.  The customer service here is awesome... they even greeted me at the door.
5	This place is amazeballs!!!!  I will never eat at subway again after finding this spot!!  Their concept is awesome, the sandwiches are delicious and the people that work there are so nice and friendly.  I pick up lunch here at least 2 to 3 times a week for my office and the general consensus and feed back on each sandwich is outstanding!!  I personally am addicted to the chicken cordon blue, on wheat, toasted, with swiss, lettuce, tomato's and lite mayo...it always hits the spot!!  This place is a MUST try trust me!!!
4	I love the entire concept of this place. There were a few employees at the entrance who showed us how the system worked - pick the type of sandwich you want (turkey, ham, etc.) and then fill out the brown paper bag with the type of bread & fixings you want. The sandwich sizes were comparable to other sandwich shops. If you & your dining companion like the same thing, definitely go for the largest size & split it - it saves you a couple bucks.
5	This is a must try. My sandwich was perfect. Just as I requested on my bag. (If you look at TH's review, I got his sandwich and it was delish) Thanks Todd! We got some of their home made chips and they were meh. Brownie was good. Not too too.  No one was there to help new people so that was a little awkward.We will definitely go back.
4	I waited over a half an hour to get my sandwich after ordering, I knew it would be a wait going during lunch on a weekday. It's worth the wait if you have the time!!
4	This place is great.  Since they have so many different choices and it's 100% custom to order it's great for a picky eater or to satisfy the whole family.  I got a turkey sub, my husband got the buffalo chicken.  We both really enjoyed them.  I just wish I had gotten the hot peppers on the side, holy cow were they ever HOT!  It's really close to home and convenient so we will be back!
4	Love this place! The service is exceptional, and the sandwiches are fully customizable and tasty. I go around lunch time, and it is always crowded. Order online ahead of time or prepare yourself to wait. There was one instance where I arrived around lunch time and the place was packed. I placed my order and did not want to wait inside because there were so many people and little children running around. I let the cashier know I would be waiting outside. I waited for a while outside and a crew member came out and asked if I was waiting for a sandwich. I told him yes, and let him know my name and he brought it to me. The cashier is super busy so I understand she couldn't relay the message. I appreciate that another employee brought me my sandwich because I am not a fan of crowds. Thanks!
5	The Wicked is by far the Best sandwich I've ever put in my mouth!
2	I love which which in Tucson, so excited when It came to scottsdale. I ordered my favorite sandwich in large and untoasted. After waiting 15 minutes for my sandwich, they gave me a small even though they charged me for a large and it was toasted. Guess I'll just have to continue to get my which which in Tucson.
3	Sandwich ordering process is a little cumbersome.  That being said my grinder on whole wheat was very good.
5	This is an update to my previous review where I shared my formerly top-secret recipe for the best WW chicken sandwich in the West.Having taken a 180 degree turn in my diet, I will no longer be eating that amazing chicken sandwich, but, do not fear! There is hope -- thanks to the WW black bean patty.  As a matter of fact, the already world-class sandwich may be even better *without* chicken.Here's how you roll....vegetarian style!Grab Bag #6 -- VegetarianThen mark the following circles...Black Bean PattyWheat BreadToasted(pick your size)Pepper Jack Cheese (optional)HummusTzatzikiTomatoesCucumbersOlive SaladSaltPepperBam!  Pay your tab and wait for the slab of delicious goodness to emerge!Hint:  write something unique on the back of your bag so you can track it down the assembly line.
5	Let me start by saying that I LOVE THIS SANDWICH SHOP! My wife and I were first introduced to it while living in San Antonio, TX. When we moved away, we both admitted that, aside from a few friends, Which Wich was the only thing about San Antonio that we would miss.The neat thing about this restaurant is that you build your sandwiches before you even get to the register. So, ultimately, the attendant at the register is just there to take your money. That also pretty much eliminates the possibility of your order being wrong, as you've specifically annotated every detail of your sandwich on the little brown bag beforehand!My wife and I always opt for a chicken-based sandwich. Our toppings are similar, in that we both get the standard lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions, etc. Where we differ is in our love of spice. My wife likes the banana peppers. I like the jalapenos. For some reason, my wife doesn't enjoy a runny nose while she eats her sandwich...what a weirdo!My daughter, on the other hand, LOVES the PB&J!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VuCZEIRXIh82TuKezSZKoA?select=ZQcOT7XhU0d2-pWYbu-wWA#NRt3OfYPakxYJgyOUI_glA They give you the option to have the crusts cut off. It's a fantastic way to let your child cover their faces with a peanut butter grin. Well, I know I get a kick out of that...whatever.Now, don't be deceived upon entering this place. Since the paper bags are right near the entrance, it appears that you might be in for an extended wait for your meal...especially if you come right during the lunch rush. However, the sandwich makers at this establishment are VERY efficient (rivaling Jimmy John's) with making their sandwiches. So, even though it LOOKS like it will take a while, the wait ends up being FAR shorter than you might expect.One interesting factoid: you can order Which Wich online http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VuCZEIRXIh82TuKezSZKoA?select=ZQcOT7XhU0d2-pWYbu-wWA#r_QZYHunPwfDIhgIolwA2w. That way, even if there IS a line out the door (and there most likely WILL be), you can stroll in, pick up your meal, and walk right out the door!If you get the chance, PLEASE visit this establishment. You'll thank yourself for it!
4	Unique place, in that you fill out your bag, which "builds" your sandwich with the stuff you want on it... What kind of bread, mayo, mustard, lettuce, spinach, etc. etc. Cool concept. Much better than Subway, where you actually have to speak with the person making your sandwich. (We all hate that, right)? Anyway, really fresh toppings and bread at this joint, friendly and clean environment, will come back here again.
5	Have you not tried Which Wich yet? Do it. Buffalo chicken= hands down, my favorite sandwich ever in the world. I can't wait to get pregnant so I have an excuse to eat them every day. I used to go to one in CO all the time and I really remembered loving it- when I found out one had opened by my work, it secured a regular spot on my lunch-break rotation until I realized maybe I shouldn't be eating sandwiches all week.  I now prefer to hit up the AJ's next door for cheap tea and salad bar (healthier, obviously) but sometimes I wind up in the parking lot of AJ's only to instead go over to Which Wich... it's seriously delicious stuff. My husband love the Thanksgiving Turkey feast sandwich (probably has a cooler name than that) and my backup fave is the chicken pesto (be sure to add bacon.) Always- and I do mean ALWAYS- get your sandwich toasted. Trust me. I'm a fattie who loves her some good sandwiches.
5	Great quality food and good prices.
4	Good, quick sammy. Lots of options and always tasty.
4	YOU GUYS. Sandwiches are my favorite. No, they aren't fancy and they aren't gourmet (or they try to be gourmet, and they just end up being expensive) but they ARE a cornerstone of my diet. They are life. SANDWICHES FOREVER.Which Wich is a sandwich paradise. I usually really hate "Build Your Own" options, as I can't make up my mind and end up with a combo that's either underwhelming or just doesn't mesh. For some reason, I felt none of that here. There are ample options, but not a bzillion.I went with the black bean patty on toasted (duh) wheat with pepper jack (sufficiently melty), red onions, avocado, iceberg, tomatoes, bell peps, black olives and S&P.IT WAS DELICIOUS. The smallest size is 7 inches, which was more than enough for me.The avocado costs a dollar extra, but is worth it, as it's actual fresh mashed avos and not that weirdo green dip made up of scary tastes and textures. The black bean patty was really tasty and hearty. The veggies were fresh, although next time I might just skip lettuce, as there was a little too much and it didn't add much. The only thing I wished for was maybe a salsa option as a spread, since I don't think mayo or mustard really go with the flavor profile I put together. I see salsa as an option on their website so maybe I just need to ask. Next time!I'm eyeballing the hummus option and caprese option for future visits. And there will be many future visits!
5	This Place Never let's me down. Great service, terrific food, free wifi.
3	This might shock you, but I don't like Subway and I don't like places that are in a similar vein. Blimpie's - no, thanks. Quizno's - nope. Which Wich - meh. The only redeemable factor about Which Wich is that they have milkshakes, really inexpensive milkshakes. Try $2.75 for a small, which is a great price compared to other places that sell shakes. My husband and I received a few giftcards for Which Wich and now we can buy hundreds of milkshakes. If we didn't receive the giftcards, we wouldn't go to Which Wich otherwise. We have had sandwiches and salads from here, due to business lunches, but they are pretty mediocre. The French Dip was decent but even Quizno's has a better French Dip. I do like that they have plenty of vegetarian options - which include pesto and hummus. Their pesto is decent; I liked it on my pesto, mozzarella, and tomato sandwich. However, the two times I've ate here, they've messed up my order. The first, I placed an order online for pickup and they forgot the sauce that comes with the French Dip and they forgot the chips I ordered. The second time, I ordered a Chocolate Malt Shake and they forgot the malt. Luckily, they did correct these situations once brought to their attention. However, for a place that basically prides themselves on made-to-order entrees, they need to get it together.I'll be back, giftcard in hand, but when that baby runs out... probably won't be back.
2	Alright Scottsdale, it's time to stop losing your collective shit over Which Wich. I'll probably get slammed for saying this, but does anyone else out there feel like they're eating Quiznos or Cousin's subs when they're having a Which Wich sandwich?I get that you can "customize" your order by writing your wish list on the bag. But in the end, it pretty much comes out like any other sandwich shop. I rather just tell the cashier what to take off or put on the sandwich. I rather not have to be stuck doing paperwork just to order a sandwich.I've been here a couple of times. The latest was last night when I ordered a 7 inch toasted "Chicken Cordon Bleu" for $5.99 inclusive of tax. Which wasn't what you would typically think of when ordering a steaming Chicken Cordon Bleu with the ham and cheese stuffed into the chicken. What happened to the cheese oozing out of the chicken?  I get the poetic license in calling this sandwich Chicken Cordon Bleu. But let's get real, its sliced deli chicken, sliced deli ham with some cheese thrown on top of it plus your choice of condiments and toppings.
5	One of my favorite sandwich shops, very small inside but clean and great for a quick casual sandwich to go.  If you have not gone here yet, please get it done.  We need more of these franchises in the city.  They toast the sandwich in a way that makes it taste fantastic and the quick way to order is the best ever.  I would like to create another great restaurant with this same idea maybe with hamburgers or something.  It makes it quick to just grab the bag with the meat you like and start using a marker to write what you want on the sandwich so that it does not slow them down.  This is helpful to keep the annoyingly slow people out of your way....if you are not ready to order, MOVE OVER!  Cant say enough about which wich except I love the hot pastrami sandwich with all my favorite fixings.  I did not care for the turkey sandwich that I created here so I stick with what is good.  The first location I have ever been to was in Westgate near the Cardinals stadium.
2	Perhaps I had a different experience because I ate a catered sandwich by them. My company ordered 200 boxed sandwich lunches today and I was incredibly disappointed. We have used many other sandwiches places in the past, but wanted to try something new. The bread was stale, they were very stingy with the meat, the choco chip cookie was burnt and tasted like it came out of a packaged box.  I am really disappointed in their catering services. I won't spend my own money on a sandwich here, which is sad because other people gave it such great reviews.
4	I heard about Which Wich opening up in Scottsdale a while ago but since it was so far North, I didn't have a reason to go. But now that my office is down the street, I decided to try them out for lunch. I walked in and the staff was very friendly and helpful, asking if I knew how the ordering process worked and offering suggestions when I asked for some. I ended up getting the buffalo chicken sandwich. The sandwich was really good and I was pleased with the value of my meal. I'll definitely be back
2	I have been somewhat flummoxed over how to rate Which Wich.I believe Which Wich does a nice job making a pricey average sandwich in a quirky feeling store (see photo of the Arrows).We have been here several times and came yesterday after receiving a coupon by email for a free Regular (Small). My friend used my punch card for a free tenth one.  What that means is that they credit your bill for $5.50.We both ordered the brown, thinly sliced roast beef. Which Wich defines their sizes as Regular 7", Large 10" and Super 14" You have the option of adding various veggies, or toasting it a la Quiznos. Like Quiznos, Which Wich weights how much meat you get and I would imagine that Regular has about 3 ounces. It's only a guess on my part since there is a five foot wall separating you and the person preparing your sandwich.  Why would you not want me to see how you are preparing my sandwich?My friend's sandwich didn't weight that much when I picked it up.  I ordered the Large 10" (photo) with double meat (a $3.00 up charge). It felt like what a regular would feel like at Jimmy Johns or Jersey Mikes.  So you are paying $5.50 for a 7" sandwich which has about the same meat that Subway puts on their $3.00 six inch.  Yep I know, it's not really a 6 inches.  In summary, that's $8.50 for a sandwich which would be $5.95 at Jimmy Johns, or $6.95 at Jersey Mike's (all prices do not include taxes).  Good thing they were comping me $5.50. LOLMy suggestion...  drive a little further down FLW to get a better sandwich and a better deal. Sorry.
5	Which Wich is a terrific place to go for a good quality sandwhich. The idea of allowing the customer to fill in the sandwhich ingredients they want on their bag is excellent. This way, the customer can better see all the options available and can simply hand their order in, instead of having to dictate it to the Wich makers. In addition the sandwich combinations are seemingly endless!Which Wich shortens the shelf life of their meats and cheeses then what is required so the sandwiches are fresher than what you would get elsewhere.The shakes are also fantastic! Oreo is my personal favorite. I just had an Oreo milkshake at coldstone and it didn't even compare!In short, Which Wich is better than other sandwhich places because the endless ingredient options listed on the bags allows customers to really personalize their order and create their dream sandwich.But depending on how busy the place is at the time, it could take a few extra minutes to get your sandwich. If your sandwich is toasted it will take longer to make since it must go through the toaster.
4	Really like the selection and the quality is good!
4	We had one of these in our neighborhood in Vegas.  So I was excited when I saw that they were opening one in our neighborhood here.  One of the things I love about this place is that you get to write down your order on a bag, so that there's a lesser chance of them getting the order wrong.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/which-wich-scottsdale-4?select=1BjXv4STlKTqIl2LgYpHxw#1BjXv4STlKTqIl2LgYpHxwI ended up ordering a Regular 7.5" Grinder w/Chips & Soda, $8.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/which-wich-scottsdale-4?select=LcSFYq6moqRwVGnnHRdTaQ#LcSFYq6moqRwVGnnHRdTaQUnlike some of the other reviewers, I think they make a decent Sandwich here.  I realize there are cheaper Sandwich shops, but Which Wich has their own style and flavor.  Their sauces and toppings are better than average and the Bread is very good.  Overall, it's a pretty good meal.Return Factor - 80%
5	So...Yelpers get a bad rap because people complain about stuff when something isn't perfect, yet they didn't try to get the situation rectified.  Here's an example of a problem and a perfect and nearly immediate solution from a franchise!  Kudos!...My initial experience with Which Wich wasn't exactly awesome.  I ordered 2 sandwiches online.  You are promised an email confirmation.  I didn't get one.  No worries, 'cause the order is under my name, and I know I'll have no problem picking it up on arrival.Got to the shop, my sandwiches were ready!  Score!  Brought them back to the office and my co-worker's was perfect, just as ordered.  Mine?  I literally had nothing on it.  I ordered the tomato/avocado with a smattering of toppings and sauces.  I got bread with tomato and avocado.  Dry.  Sad.  And worst of all, no cheese!  Apparently the online ordering system has some kinks to be worked out. Annoyed and mostly hungry, I sent a belligerent email to Which Wich about my "shitty sandwich" experience. (Not proud, BTW).  Within 20 minutes, I received a phone call from Peter, the franchise owner apologizing for 1) not getting my email confirmation which would have alerted me to the ordering glitch, resulting in the incorrect order and 2) an offer to come back whenever and get my sandwich corrected, gratis.Well, I went back the next day and ordered in person (not about to try the online thing again!). The staff was friendly, didn't make me feel like a cheapass for getting a free meal, and hey, my sandwich was perfect this time!Thanks, Which Wich, Peter, and your awesome staff!Bonus: sign up for their emails and get some decent special offers (not all crap like some fast food email lists)
3	Love the bread.  Chicken Salad Sandwich is great, and not something I would normally eat.  I think it isn't as personal an experience as they might think.  Rushed, fill out your own order, etc, but the food is good.
4	If you are in the mood for a sub sandwich this is the place. Made to order, fresh, fast and at a good price. The shakes are also very good.
3	What a crazy name for a restaurant, but I can promise you that I won't soon forget that name!  I stopped in her for lunch with a friend today.  I thought the concept AND the name were pretty darn neat.What makes this place unique is the way you order your sandwich.  You walk in and right there in front of your face are the brown paper sandwich bags with the "order numbers" on them.  On the wall above the counter, you find the type of meat/'wich that does with the numbers on the bag.  I thought this was pretty darned cool.  I don't normally eat a veggie patty, I love my meat, but I saw the pic of the "How MeatLovers eat a Veggie Wich" sandwich and I had to order it.  Bunless of course.There are a ton of choices.  OMG.  The type of meat, then the add-ons, then the toppings, then the type of lettuce.  The type of bread. The sauce.  The blah blah blah!  I did load my bunless Veggie wich up with tasty things.  I got black bean patty - DELICIOUS and tasty.  I had a mixe of iceburg and spinach lettuce.  I added on the sauted onions, pepper mix, crushed red pepper sprinkles, pepper jack cheese AND the spicy ranch dressing (on the side).  I also asked for "Oil" on my sandwhich, forgetting I had checked the ranch dressing.  So I didn't eat much if any of the ranch, but it has a buffalo spicy taste to it.  That was a top notch salad.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/which-wich-scottsdale-4?select=Sa9HaY0k4xe9GgnX5k_xQQ#_E8J_MqZtD8-Z4F_ywaSqgI also grabbed a bag of their House chips... Very good chips.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/which-wich-scottsdale-4?select=Sa9HaY0k4xe9GgnX5k_xQQ#TDurrbMmuMEo-BqLPKYa7gYour kids will love the "Kidswich" ordering station.  the kiddos can grab a bag and place their order at a table that is kid height.  Perfect!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/which-wich-scottsdale-4?select=Sa9HaY0k4xe9GgnX5k_xQQ#nl3T91jvVh-ogUMsbRlzzgIt is TINY!  and it is also somewhat out of the way with it being on the other side of the 101 and not being right off the 101.  I would only come here if I were going to the grocery store in the same shopping plaza or some place else over there.  If I lived in the area, I would return, but since I don't, I probably won't be back to this location.
5	Friendly staff, great food. Way better than those ala carte sub places. Come here once a month and never had a bad sandwich!
3	Cool concept, decent prices , still prefer Quiznos. Service was great and location is even better.  I would go there again in a pinch. Recommend everyone try it at Least once
4	Came here at 7:00, big mistake! Took me 15 minutes to get my sandwich. Not the workers fault,  it was just that every family in North Scottsdale was there! Besides this, the sandwiches were fantastic! The price is fairly good. Also, is it just me, or do they have the best ice? The food was fantastic, the ice was fantastic, but DON'T come here during the 7:00 hour...not pretty.
5	Love the concept of this eatery! Growing up in Australia we had a thing called tuck shop at school. We would write on a paper sandwich bag what we wanted hand it in in the morning & our order would be ready for us at lunch time. Which Wich is MUCH better though as the options seem endless. It was great for my daughter who loves odd combinations .... I could just tick the boxes of ingredients I wanted added without any questions asked ;-) The staff at this location are great, actually even the customers are too as the person in line in front of us gave us a free souvenir drink cup with free drink voucher. We tried one sandwich from the breakfast options (sausage & egg) & one from the traditional sandwich options (gyros & tzatziki). Both were delicious. We will definitely be back.
4	I haven't had a bad sandwich here, yet.  The ones that I have had allowed me to be braver about trying new ones.   They also have awesome ice (yup, ice).  Similar to Sonic Drive In's.
3	A much better option than Subway for a quick sandwich. Many options for customization.
2	This place is a huge disappointment. Service is SLOW. Very little meat on the subs and as much as I like the concept the food is not good.
4	A little confusing if you're headed there for the first time but once you understand the order process you get one delicious sandwich!
2	It took them forever to make my sandwich. It was ok but not the best quality meat. The set up and process to order is cute and a fun experience but the food itself was a little overpriced for what you get as well. I would look at it as a lower on the list sandwich stop.
5	Loved this place! What a unique place to grab a sandwich, best thing of all i don't have to talk to anyone about what I want on my sandwich.. What I don't want blah blah blah.... Just give them the bag for the sandwich you want, fill out the ingredients, pay. And bam! Sandwich no questions asked. If you are looking for a good sub place and are close by, better stop at wich wich
5	I love Which Wich.Their bread is REALLY good. I also like that you can get it "skinny" (the'll scoop the inside).I typically create my own veggie.Medium, skinny, hot, mozzarella cheese, light mayo, red onions, coleslaw, black olives, pickles, cucumber, lettuce, tomato, and bell peppers crushed pepper and oregano. YUM!I also like their black bean patty.I like that they serve warm sandwiches and that you fill out the bag and hand it to them, so I've never had a mistake!
2	I really want to like this place. I do. I've also given it about seven different chances--every time hoping that it will be the time when I scream "This places rocks! I'm coming back for sure!". But, unfortunately, I think today was the last time I'll spend/waste my money here. The major issue I have with Which Wich is that they don't follow through well with their theme/gimmick--what they so that sets them apart from any other sandwich shop. It's this cute idea that simply falls through--every time! You go in, pick a brown paper bag of the sandwich you want, use a sharpie to check off the various ingredients you want on your sandwich, pay, wait for your sandwich which then is inside of said brown paper bag. Cute idea right?! Well, if I spend the time to check off ingredients and it's very simple to follow-- why is it they can never get my order correct?! No joke. Every time my order is wrong, sometimes my son's as well. It's silly--and frustrating. (Especially since they are pricey for a quick/ non-gourmet sandwich shop.)Slow service, horrible parking and can't follow check boxes. I've finally given up. Maybe it's just this location???
4	Which Wich is an awesome place! The sandwiches are extremely filling and huge! They come in 3 different sandwich sizes and you can pick what you want on your sandwiches. The staff is friendly and definitely fast service. One of my faves is The Wicked! Definitely will be eating here quite often.
4	This is a great place to grab a quick sandwich. The quality is FAR superior to Subway and it's just slightly more expensive. I've never had to wait long either. My only real complaint is that there's never much room inside and there's no decent place to wait for your order! The bar/counter seating is very limited. But I think the food is still worth awkwardly standing and waiting in front of someone's table.
5	I'm been in search for a good sandwich shop within 1 mile of my home.  Which Wich seems to be my choice.  I love the concept they have going on.  You pick your meat from the selected brown bags and on the bag you select your added ingredients.  There is no way to mess it up.  You're responsible for your own ingredient selection and it's almost impossible for them to get it wrong.  The sandwich was prepared in a timely manner and it tasted very fresh.  Even the bread tasted freshly baked which is a plus for sandwich shops.  Oh, I forgot to mention that when I walked in, I was greeted and asked if I had been there before.  I said no and the attendant proceeded with helping me understand their concept.  That made things much easier for me.  I will definitely be coming back for more sandwiches here.
4	Which which which is the best?  All of them. After discovering the thank you turkey in Lone Tree, CO, I continue to go to which which in Scottsdale. While the thank you turkey sandwhich is still my favorite and may even rival the Bobbie at Cappriotti's, the Reuben rocks!  The chocolate malt is also great and the staff putts up with me putting fake names on my sandwich bag. Thank you!
5	Stopped by this place while visiting the medical plaza at Thompson Peak Hospital. The burger & beer place across the way grabbed my attention but I wanted to give this place a try it was very inviting. Went in with a family member for some lunch. I seen the bags and automatically knew it was a "ordering" system, going to a burger place known for paper bag ordering I knew what to do. Grabbed a 9 bag and chose a BLT, I had no idea what to put on it so I just checked a few things that looked good. The place was very clean & it was quite busy.. When I had got my order it exceeded my expectations of a sandwich I had got the medium version and it was a good size. The sandwich looked better than expected. The bread was the best part so good... I also might say this place is a A++++ for crushed ice!!! Can't wait to go back again..
1	sandwich place that does not know how to make a sandwich.  Lets say a place that sells slices of pie, lets call it "pie pie" If they were anything like Which Wich you would order a slice of apple pie and the waiter would say all am going to bring you is an apple unless you tell me how to make an apple pie. Terrible!
4	Great service, huge variety of sandwiches. Everything has been great... we tried the Wicked, the Reuben, and the Pulled Pork was amazing with so much pork. Recommend you try the sandwiches hot!
5	I am really picky about subs, and this is in my top 3 places. I love just the standard turkey & swiss, and the best seasonal sandwich they have is by far the grilled Reuben..it's even better than Chompies. Also be sure to try the ice cream cookie sandwich. It's to die for! Fyi, this particular location is well managed, but I have been to other locations that are not so great.
5	Which Wich always makes customers feel like rockstars. I love how I determine and customize everything I want and they just MAKE IT! I love their shakes and house chips. The Egg Salad Wich has to be my absolute favorite! If you haven't been, try this awesome chain- their sandwiches cannot be beat and there is something for everyone!
5	I come here every once in a while.  With that said I am starting a decent collection of the cups at home. Lol! I very happy with the service and the food here. Wonderful staff. Fast and friendly. I will definitely keep coming back. It was busy when I got here but it was still very fast and efficient and I got exactly what I ordered. Both the young lady at the front taking the money and the one that handed me the sandwich were very sweet and friendly! Thank you for making me a delicious sandwich!
