5	The crew at this Buffalo Wild Wings is 100% geared towards customer service. The bar tending staff makes your experience one to remember. I'm kinda sad I don't live in AZ now I'm gonna miss my new friends :) I highly suggest visiting this restaurant when visiting west gate...especially on game days for their specials!!!Spicy garlic wings are the best! 5 star well deserved.
4	Man, I love this place! Admittedly, it took a few minutes to get us seated given that we required a high-chair. However, once seated the staff got our kids tablets to play with. That was the last time my kids made any noise. They were so glued to the tablets that dining out was stress free! The wait service was great! I'm planning on coming back again real soon! My only complaint was the initial issues with seating, as well as a sampling of one of the sauces. It did not taste the same when I got my actual order (way spicier!). Aside from that, I plan on returning for another good time!
3	Buffalo Wild Wings is a decent place to eat and watch a game. Last time I went I ordered the chicken sandwich and it wasn't bad, but I think their prices could be better. I did find that this location has really good service though. Our waitress, Trina, brought us refills as needed without having to be asked, which is something we really appreciated and something that you just don't see as much as you should these days. The wait staff in general was excellent as we had other people check in on our table. We also really enjoyed the trivia game they have going on here. It would actually be a really fun restaurant to go to if only the food was better!
4	Was just in last night for dinner with my wife, 6 week old son and sister in law. Had to wait for a table (which we expected, Friday night at 7:30). All the staff was friendly and the place looks great! Music was kind of loud but I enjoyed it. When my son started to wake up and cry, no one knew because they couldn't hear him over the music!  Really like that you have a touch tunes juke box (I was able to play the music I wanted to hear!), wide selection of beers and the wings were really good (I'm a nny fan, still say nny is the best but still liked these). They have TVs everywhere and would love to go on a Sunday to watch football! Only reason it's not 5 stars is I felt the kitchen was slow to get our wings out. Apps came out quick but wings took a little long. Matthew our server was solid. Seemed new but I think everyone there is. Also, I got blue cheese instead of ranch with my wings. Gross!  For apps, we got cheese curds and fried pickles. Both really good. I ordered traditional hot and spicy garlic. I go here for the spicy garlic, it's amazing! Wife and sister in law shared boneless wings. They had no complaints. Overall, we had a great experience!
1	Waiting STILL ( it is already 40 minutes) for 5 wings & one quesadilla..... Really? Wonder how much more to wait. At least for a drink had to wait about 10 minutes..... Ah, what a service!!!!!!!
1	Hello sports fan:At this location it's a great bar, when it's packed it's pack when it comes to sports.I approach the location late. I understand its late for the fight. It's too pack. From the outside lots of people standing watching the fight...lots of people..: there is a two foot brick wall...Wouldn't it be cool to have them sell you wings and take it to you? Mikayala the waitress says " are you sitting to the restraint"..I said "no" she says sorry I can't get you some wings..Bad business... I feel they should sell you wings even if your watching the fight from outside!!
4	Enjoying a refreshing Strawberry Mojito, watching football before heading into the Phoenix Coyotes preseason opener against  the Kings. Couldn't be happier about a BWW in the Glendale entertainment district. Crowded and loud but that just enhances the excitement of Sunday football.
2	I thought Buffalo Wild Wings was revamping itself to make it better. Well they still are horrible. Went arrived a little after 6pm before the Coyotes Yarnell Practice Game to grab some quick food before we went in. Quick never happened. Trying to get a drink or let alone a refill was hard work. Our friends ordered potato wedges for an appetizer, it took them three tries to get it right and then some were cold in the middle. Our entrees took over a half hour to come out and they didn't want to give us any ranch for some reason.We had to ask our server what the status of our food was, she left and came back 5 minutes later saying they are plating it and the manager was personally bringing it out to us and was going to talk to us. A few minutes later he brought our food and said nothing. No apology. Nothing. We ate our food, except the person who ordered wings because they were so awful he couldn't eat them. Our server gave us a $5 off coupon for our meals. More than likely we will never be back.
3	Ended up having dinner here with my best friend. Was a 20 minute wait for a table but there was a hockey game so that would be no fault of Buffalo's. Seated out on the patio, which is pretty nice and comfy. Lot's of televisions and faced the court yard so we were able to hear and see the live band. But their food and service sucked. I can understand being swamped because of the hockey game and all but its was just ridiculous. We were sat at a 4 top and there was only 2 of us. One of the chairs was in the walkway and another server continued to bump either the table or that one chair. Almost knocked our drinks off once. No apology or anything. We ordered a few AMF's (which were really good) and two of their appetizer's: nachos were gross, the wings with Parmesan garlic sauce were even nastier. I ate the mozzarella sticks, but can you give them credit for that? Can you really screw up mozzarella sticks. Otherwise not impressed at all. Our waiter continued to make inappropriate comments to me and my best friend. I don't know if he thought he was flirting or thought he would smooth us over because we were having such a un-pleasurable experience. I was pretty disappointed with this place, everyone raves about it but I think my wing loving ass will stay with Native New Yorker if I want to grab some wings and appetizers.
4	Great wings and atmosphere.  The place is new so it looks good and feels good.  Service is a bit slow and food can take a while to get to you when they are busy.  This is something they need to work on but that won;t stop me from returning to this particular one.  (Go Bears)!
5	It's quite simply one of the best places to watch football, eat wing, drink beer, and spend time with friends. Tons of wing sauce varieties too! Many people go here just before they head to the football game so make sure you show up early. Onion rings are good to!
3	Stopped by after the Coyotes game. Good atmosphere. Great night to sit outside. But.....the service was slow. Or, I should say our server did not come around very often. I had asked for a tv to be changed to a football game, it never happened. There was one gal (wearing a white BWW shirt), called "Captain", she stayed at the same table the whole time we were there. She was loud and obnoxious. I later found out the "Captains" are supposed to walk around to other tables. We ordered one of the sampler platters (the one with the pretzels). It was a nice snack for after the game.  I wanted extra cheese sauce, but as mentioned above, our server never came around. I will try this place again. I hope the service will be better next time so I can give it another star.
5	I just came from L.A. at 3 pm and met up with some other friends from Cali I met when living here in Phoenix a years back. The boxing fight was on last night so we went here to eat some wings and watch the game. The place is new and it looks nice inside they female I think her name was Emily some cute blonde was very nice. We were like 15 in that table and took care of us even though we made it difficult her to charge what beers to who since we kept on changing places to sit lol. I will come back again for the great service and the water she brought me lol I was driving :)
1	Tried to go in here on a Saturday night after a coyotes game. Hostess was outside with a security guard. I asked her how long the wait was and she snapped "I cannot quote you a wait time" and then turned her head away from me and didn't even bother to ask if I wanted to put my name on the wait list. First of all you always give the guest a estimate wait time and second of all don't be snappy about a simple question. Didn't end up going in because the hostess was the rudest girl I've ever encountered.
5	I love Buffalo Wild Wings, I could eat here all the time!We came on a Saturday night and it was packed of course but our server was very friendly and worked very hard to get us everything we needed in a timely manner. We enjoyed watching the hockey game and having a few beers, it was a lot of fun!
5	Went there for the first time at this Wild Wild Wings, we got great service and the food was very good.  We will return.   Thank You
5	First time to Buffalo Wild Wings. This is how you do SERVICE! Not only was the food delicious, but the To-Go service was fantastic. The gal working the counter went 10 steps beyond to make us happy. I just called and told the manager what a great job everyone did. I love good service!  The wings were super yummy. I think I will order them "wet" next time because the sauce is so good, but other than that, perfection. We will be back!
1	Last time I will ever come to this place. I ordered take out.  They said 20 minutes over the phone. I arrive 10 minutes after the 20 and they said they were back up and didn't know how long they would be. Not even an estimate. Then I finally get my order after waiting another 20 minutes. When I got home to eat my food, the wings were burnt and there was barely any sauce. Terrible customer service. I have never experienced this at any other BWW in the Phoenix area and I'm always eating there since I love wings. Sad to say this will be the first and last I will ever come to this location.
3	Always enjoy the food but Olivia our server was a great part to stopping in and having a late night dinner. Place needs a damn vacuum because the floor looked like it wasn't vacuumed since Thursday and I was there on a Saturday night.Hosts were young and not really into working. Ordered a Arnold Palmer and the young lady said "oh I can't get you that alcoholic drink" wow, it's half lemonade & half ice tea sweetheart... Not sure what they teach these people. The kitchen took long but hey that's expected I guess when it was dead earlier and the manager sent people home and then it got busy, at least that is what I heard from a few people.Thanks Olivia for serving us, you did a great job.
3	Tiffany Lopez is one of their best servers! Dont get me wrong they have a handful; but she stands out! For being a Bar they are very stringent on the amount they serve, but they are following the liquor law soo food is good environment is Awesome!
2	I was so excited when they opened a b dubs in the area and wow was I let down. The wings are good of course, but the service as never been good and we have tried coming back several times hoping it would improve. This last time was the worst we went for happy hour and 20mins past happy hour time was told we would still be charged full price because the computer wasnt showing happy hour yet. Okay I get that things happen, but then we received our order and no bowls no napkins I had to flag another server down. I didn't receive a single refill on my water and even asked my server. I just cant believe that in such a busy area you wouldn't be able to find a few good servers.
1	If you have children please, please stay away from this location. This is my second review of this location-just a heads up. We went there tonight, a Sunday night, no game, no activites and we had the worst service imaginable. We sat in the patio and asked three waitresses after 15 minutes who our server was because we had our 3 year old with us. No one knew. When we were getting ready to get up to leave to another restaurant another patron said he would ask his waitress, he did and she served us. It was not her section and she was new, fine, we appreciated that. She didn't know what was on draft but it did not matter since we were hungry and thirsty. After another 15 minutes she brought out the wrong beer order. After another 15 minutes our food came but not our childs. We asked the server and they said we never put it in, whatever. So we ordered again. While we were waiting someone who was a manager type but did not introduce themseleves that way, came and said they would rush the order but never said sorry! The waitress came back and apologized but we said our distress was the fact that our daughter had no food! The waitress left and came back 5 minutes later saying that our daughters food would be comp'd. Not anything else! We were given the wrong beer, waited way to long for service, saw 3 waitresses that would NOT even help us, and the manager type never said sorry! What a joke! As we were leaving the patron that helped get us a waitress told us he was sorry that we encountered that with our family! We left hungry because they never came and asked us if we wanted anything else! This honestly has been the worst service I have been given in the valley and there was no excuse since they were not even busy! I get that staff might be new but with all the other challenges it was a total waste! We should have just left and ate some place else. STAY AWAY! I will never eat at this location again! I will go back to Goodyear or Surprise where their costumer service is INCREDIBLY better, what a let down.
5	So I have been to this location 4 times now and have come to the conclusion that this is the only BWW that I will ever like. All the other locations have terrible service and the servers make you feel like an inconvenience but NOT this location. This location is always busy, which is not a big deal to me. The service I have experienced has always been great and the food (wings) is awesome! I will keep coming back with friends, great place to eat and have drinks.
4	Great food with great service. Staff are super friendly and helpful with suggestions on wing sauces and what beer would compliment your order. I just wish they wouldn't change out their beers on tap so often.
1	Sadly disappointed. After frequenting B Dubs in multiple cities and states, this was by far the worst. Appetizers came out w the entrees, forgotten sauces, missing meals ... Ugh. We ordered Strawberry Coronitas for our drinks and were told they were out of Coronitas so the beer was just poured in. Am I crazy to think that I'm getting less beer than I'm paying for this way?! I might be a lush but I'm a cost-conscious lush. So ... The manager visited our table and tried to smooth things over, he didn't. He also forgot the sauce we have been waiting for ... I guess we are still waiting for good service too ...The end.
1	WORST food and customer service ever! They started the bad experience as they took almost 30 minutes to get us the drinks, then almost 40 minutes to come with our food, and when they showed up with it, they messed up on my order. Then when I finally got my food, the Nachos chips were extremely salty and the meat had no flavor at all. The customer service was bad and I'm not saying the name of the server to not get her into trouble but they need to hire better people.
1	This place sucks the waitresses take to long they don't get our order right and they don't have good service they take took to long to take our order their chips are to salty I ordered the ultimate nachos and I was very disappointed I thought the food was a lot better but I guess I had my expectations set to high but either way they are terrible I'm never going again I hate their nachos
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. My brother and I went for a after work dinner with a bunch of coworkers, and ended up not eating at all. The waitress was very unprofessional. Everyone else has received their food yet my brother and I didn't. We orders a plain burger with fries, that's it. She claimed she put it in but the order fell through with the kitchen, (this was now over an hour after we ordered) she offered to get us our food and box it up for us to go with an attitude like it was our fault.. No discounts or anything. We then asked for a manager, she came back and said if we wanted to talk to a manager we would have to find one ourselves because the manager refused to come outside (were we were seated). That was not true because we went to find another waiter who indeed brought us the manager who then confirmed she was never aware of our situation. Don't go here. Ever.
5	We come to this Buffalo Wild Wings because it is the closest to our house. We always get great service! They always have all the TVs going with the most popular sport or game on at the time. We always order wings because they are consistently delicious! And the fried pickles are amazing!
4	Came in on Thursday $.60 wing night and the places was packed asses to elbows. They sat us within 5 to 10 mins which was great the service was a bit slow but I understood with as many people that were there. The food was on point and the waiter made sure that everything was satisfactory and he was trying to hustle to keep our drinks filled at all times. I think they might've understaffed for the night but needless to say I will be a returning customer.
1	I was the first customer to use the  rest room since I went there at 11 am and it was already dirty. So gross. There are so many workers there not doing anything. Never coming back again.
4	First time at this location . It was great fast to be seated and friendly staff .   Waitress was excellent .
1	B Dubs is one of those places that you visit, are very unimpressed, but for some reason you decide to go back for overpriced underwhelming food months later and your kick yourself saying why did I do that. This was the first time I went to the Westgate location and to say it was bad was an understatement. First we were seated at a sticky, dirty, unbalanced table outside. Bugs stated flying toward our table. We waited for ten min and no one had taken our drink order. When we told one of the waitress she had us move to her section. We finally ordered wings, and fries a water and lemonade. The wing order was for 24 wings and our bill was $45 bucks total! Are you freaking kidding me. The wings were super salty, hard, and the fries were soggy and tasted like crap. Please don't inflict unnecessary pain on your stomach or wallet. Stay away from this crap establishment. -LoveRuben
5	Skylar was great he gets five stars! for my family who has worked in food industry love to see great customer service and Skylar has it in spades! there is no need to be fake just be yourself and be nice which Skylar has no problem with! will come back hoping that all employees have a similar work ethic!!!
2	Wow, what a disappointment.  This was my first visit to BWW.  I ordered 10 boneless wings, half BBQ Hot, the other half Hot.  I also ordered the Pepper Jack Cheese Steak Wrap with chips and salsa.  The sauces on the wings were what I expected.  The Hot wings were the perfect temperature for me, I like my nose to run a bit with a hot flash here and there.  Downside, heavy breading covering the chicken.  My wrap was Ok but for $10+ I would hope for more.  The chips and salsa "side dish" was unspectacular.  The salsa lacked any character and chips were plain.   I've had better luck taking it off the shelf at Wal-Mart.  The food was typical chain food and wasn't that great.  The atmosphere was good, plenty of TVs and variety of programming that was necessary as I had to wait 15 minutes for the check and to pay with my debit card.   If I go back again I'll just have wings and will try bone-in next time.My son reported his cheeseburger slammers tasted like McDonalds. He only ate one out of three. His comment leaving was, "we don't need to come here again."
1	It took 7 minutes to even greet us at the table. All the servers and hospos were up at the front looking at us while we were looking around for a server. To make matters worse during this 7 minutes the manager was check in with all the tables to see how everything was going and skipped our table completely.
4	I have always been a fan of BWW and everything they have to offer. They have a ton of TV's, plenty of seating, good service, and awesome food. Hot wings and beer.......what else do you need.The thing that sets this location apart is its location. It is located right in the middle of the Westgate area. If you have never been to this part of town, you should go check it out. If you like hot wings then this is the place for you. Their hot wings sauce is super hot! They do offer samples of their sauces since they have a huge selection, and I would recommend taking advantage of that before you order.If you are in the mood for a burger then the Big Jack Daddy Burger is hands down the  way to go! Pulled BBQ pork, and onion rings stacked on top of your burger.....GOOD STUFF!!!! If you are a sports fan, I would for sure recommend you go there to check out a game and hang out with some buddies.
1	Came here today with my wife, daughter and friend. started with fried mushroom. not bad exept they brought no ranch. we asked for it but it took forever. the wraps sucked. the buffalo chicken wrap was way to spicy for them to it. ot was supposed to have ranch inside it to cool it off. the pepper jack steal wrap has this god awfult dressing inside it. the mac and cheese came out half frozen! I keep coming back and every time wonder why. other than the beer and tv's this food sucks.
5	Husband's work Fantasy Football Draft was held here.. Great service. . Great food.   No rush to finish!  Great time!
1	Meh
1	Down to the facts.1. After 30 min, they said they were out of brats to a few people at our table and had them re-order.2. Their new order came out before our original order3. Turns out they weren't out of brats later on.4. Then finally everyone's food came out.5. 1 and a half hours from sit down to actually getting our food.Meanwhile, a bunch staff stood in the front chatting the entire time.
2	Not going back! Walked up to the bar and the 2 fat chicks behind the bar are talking shit about co-workers and dumb shit. The food was subpar and the beers here are way too over priced. I mean really $6.50 for a Sam Adams octoberfest...WTF? If you want a good b- dubs, don't waste time here, go to the one over on McDowell. The service is better and the beers isn't as expensive. Oh yeah, never hear the staff at the McDowell establishment talk shit about each other. Lol
2	Food was ok. Your normal wings. My only complaint was that we tried to enjoy a nice night our side and the patio was pretty dirty. Somebody should go out on a regular schedule and sweep.
1	Went to BWW last night, Saturday Oct 18th, for my hubby's birthday dinner. Our daughter picked the spot and hubby gave the okay due to the great food and amazing experience we had at the BWW off north ln prior. Well...our experience here was CRAP compared to their other location. Will NEVER go back here.We had over a 30 min wait to sit, which was explainable for a Saturday night. Once we finally get sat  it takes about 10 mins to get our sodas, which was "okay" since the server did seem busy and took the time to acknowledge that she would be right with us. However the main complaint is once we ordered our food, 2  chicken meals and a burger it took over 45 mins to arrive, granted it was a Saturday it still should NEVER take this long to get food. Once it did arrive hubby's hamburger and fries were COLD, its one thing to wait long for food to come out hot but to come out cold is not okay. Finally the manager comes over and says he understands our frustration and offers to take his UNTOUCHED food off the bill as he takes his plate (um, ya think?) and gives us a 15% discount for the NEXT visit...wow.  Bottom line HORRIBLE customer service here and won't be going back.
4	This Buffalo Wild Wings is laid out much more nicely than some of the others I've been to. TVs everywhere, including right over your tables, and good lighting so you can actually see your food. And the wings, of course, are delicious.
3	I hate chain restaurants, especially BWW, but I like this location in particular because if it were a person, the middle name "Wild" would be totally earned. It's between a bunch of bars, so you get all the alcoholics who have the munchies, yet will NEVER get drunk enough to actually want "food" from McFaddennoJack'sVille, which somehow manages to be even worse. Otherwise, they're here to pregame, and are clearly up to no good from whenever to 2am. Eating here is a total shitshow; the early stages of a series of irresponsible decisions. And I like it that way. The awesome staff hushed everyone to congratulate a patron enjoying her 21st birthday. Before any singing can commence, she turned her attention to a stranger with a smug smile across the room, stood up, and yelled out a deafening "FUCK YOU!". Half the restaurant erupted in laughter and confusion while she pounded her drink and her friends appeared to hastily ask for a check. There was smoke billowing in from the patio. I have never seen so many people lighting up at a restaurant like this, many with only drinks in hand. It was being treated more like a dive. Builds character. Meanwhile, I totally tried to convince my friends I was sober before laughing so hard I spilled my beer on the table. It was that kind of night. My inspiration for this review was meeting a BWW employee from far away, and telling him about this experience. Turns out this particular location has a reputation for being too gosh darn rowdy, and no one except servers hoping for exorbitant tips from the nice drunk people want to put up with it. So you might think this is a family establishment, but it sure as hell is not, so if you want to pay a visit, leave your snot-nosed sex trophies at home and show up ready to laugh. If you are upset or think I'm a snob for not liking BWW, or just plain unfamiliar with this chain, and sorely disappointed that I'm not reviewing the food, then thanks for reading so far. Everything below this sentence is the boring stuff. ........................................................................The reason I am not particularly into BWW is because I feel they take traditional bar food that's really cheap, yet somehow manage to make it simultaneously more expensive than competition while of lower quality. I mean, even Applebee's serves up decent potato skins, but BWW gives you extra-wide french fries with a smidgen of cheese and ground-up bacon. Their boneless wings have way more breading than they should. The coating is really heavy and dry, reminiscent of the cafeteria chicken tenders in middle school. They feel like they've always been under a heat lamp. And they NEVER have enough sauce. It's like they just lightly drizzle it, and I taste it in every other bite. Their hot wings mostly aren't hot, either, you have to go for something unorthodox like mango habanero before you get a sensation, and even then the flavor is undesirable. Tastes real artificial, as though the sauce is composed of mango candy, liquid smoke, with pure capsaicin thrown in because actual habaneros were too expensive. Those burgers look radical though, and someday when I'm dragged here again I'll try one because it's my last glimmer of hope and I could not possibly be more disappointed in their food.
3	Looks pretty nice.  Bathrooms are clean - everything is handsfree (including toilet) and works wells (including timing of the flush).  Placement of the TVs are nice - everywhere.  Wings are consistent, as expected.  And the service was on task.  What more can you ask for?
2	We will start with a positive.  Service is good.  Now the not good!  Went to use the restroom.  There was a female staff member holding the door open and a male staff member holding a soap refill.  Stood there for over 5 min for the the bathroom to clear out.  All the time I'm thinking "they don't have a female that knows how to change to the soap refill so they are not closing off the bathroom!  Then it's the matter of cleanliness!  The sink in the bathroom was plugged and it looked like someone had vomited in the sink.  For all the time the employee stood at the door you'd think she would have noticed.  The fans on the patio are so filthy you wonder if the dust build-up is going to fall off on your food.  And lastly the floor in the restaurant is terrible.  It was only 5:00 o'clock and there were so many crumbs, straw wrappers, and other garbage on the floor I have to think nothing had been cleaned since they opened.  I really like Buffalo Wild Wings but I think this location needs new management or something!
3	The service was ok.. Food was good for w sports bar.. It was slow coming out though considering it was very slow when we all walked in. Took some time to get the check as well but sometimes that's a good thing. It's a good place to go watch games.. Oh they need to turn down music... Very loud music for a sports bar..
2	BWW has lost it's appeal as they became more and more corporate and political based (or biased) and pricey.  BWW just blends in with the other national food chains now, and frankly aren't any better or worse, just kinda irrelevant and blah. They look, feel, smell and taste the same.  The customer service is scripted, and feels phony. Like the others. Nothing stands out, unless you like a $20 plate of meh, so so wings and a $6 beer.  They nickel and dime you from there (charge for a little extra sauce, etc.  Not worth the money anymore.  Sticking with local bars, and local or regional restaurants that didn't loose their focus while chasing the dollar.To be fair, if someone in the group suggests we go to BWW,  I'll still go and have a good time, but I've had to modify my expectations to do so.  Knowing what the once were as small, strip mall restaurant with a handful of locations hurts my review after the became a standalone (hey look at us, we're just like Chilis, Friday's and Applebee's now). Good, okay but yet, meh...we can do better. Let's get back to that cool place we felt comfortable in.
