3	Pei Wei is average at best. They tend to burn things and while they look like they are hauling ass in the 4' by 4' square they run in behind the counter, they actually get very little done. I know its fun to watch them like hampsters bumping into each other, but over all I just don't care for it particularly. I also think it was sad the guy could not spell John right. SRSLY.
3	It's hard to believe there aren't already numerous reviews of Pei Wei Asian Diner at this point in time. Perhaps as busy as the parking lot always is, it was a bit daunting for potential reviewers who were intimidated and kept on driving. Maybe those lucky few who secured a sacred parking spot stepped inside and were overwhelmed by the number of patrons stacked inside?Don't get me wrong. I never have been unhappy in my many, many... many excursions to Pei Wei. If you like PF Chang's, you'll like this more informal diner version. I always tend to order the same dish (Pad Thai with Pork... it brings me a feeling of peace and comfort) and it's consistently delicious. In fact, it's quite craveable. On top of that,  the service has always been fast and hospitable. Usually when waiting on a take-out order it's not uncommon for someone behind the counter to offer me a complimentary beverage while I wait. If nothing else, watching 5 foot flames shoot from the woks in the kitchen is an enjoyable way to pass the time... if you're a pyromaniac.If you go during peak times, you may be in for a bit of a wait for a table. It's not uncommon to wait 10 minutes or longer around lunchtime (Noon) or Dinner (6pm). If you are dining alone (I won't judge you), you can always phone ahead, zip in through the door marked "Take Out" and be on your way home from the gym to enjoy your deep fried morsels in no time flat. You may want to bring someone to ride wingman. Then they can run in to get it for you while you circle the terminally full parking lot. Otherwise you may end up walking from another ZIP Code or wishing they provided a shuttle service.Great food and service on a consistent basis. Fast service... if you call and order ahead of time. If they can do something to alleviate the crowds, wait times and parking situation or better yet, offer a delivery option, I might be tempted to add another star. But that's just part of dining in the city and it won't deter me from many more trips there.
3	This location of PW is right down the street from my house, so I eat here every once in a while.  It's predictable and uses good ingredients -- fresh veggies, all white meat chicken.  I like that they'll sub or add things for you.  I always add broccoli to any dish that doesn't have it or extra to a dish that does.  I'm a sucker for broccoli.  It's nice not to be charged too.  And the brown rice alternative is a good option.The serving sizes are large and generally too much for one person.  We'll do take out from here ocassionally.  For 4 people, we'll order 3 entrees and one order of lettuce wraps and that's perfect...no left overs and no waste.  My faves are the Spicey Korean with chicken and the Ginger Broccoli with Shrimp.It's not cheap, but the ingredients are quality.  Not traditional Asian food, it's more fusion.  It is what it is and I like it.
4	For a short stint while I was in college, I was a food runner for PF Chang's in the Bay Area so I became pretty familiar with their ingredients. It says something then, when Pei Wei (which is quite a bit more affordable) uses the same ingredients. It seems like they take a little less time with presentation or garnishes and just do the bulk of the meal and have someone run like hell to get it out to you. The staff is good but seem overstretched at times. On one occassion, I had gone to get a refill and my girlfriend had stepped away from the table for one reason or another as well and they threw away our food, which was about half finished. I mentioned it to the busboy and within minutes they had fired full to-go orders of both (since obviously we'd have some left over) and the manager was at the table apologizing. In the end, it was impressive.Last thing, I'm a simple guy, and one of my standby's is the Honey Seared Chicken. If you aren't starving, you can get a good sized chicken and rice dish by ordering the Kids portion and it's only $3.45. It's a total steal and they never ask if I have a kid in the car or anything. Abusive? Maybe. Effective? Totally.
4	I've never been a huge fan of Chinese food and I'm still not one who would really consider Chinese food or take-out, but despite this, Pei Wei has won me over. Our typical order is kung pao chicken, mongolian beef, fried rice and pot stickers - all with brown rice. It's always good and always fast. In fact, I've even called right as they were closing and they have been willing to let me in 15-20 minutes after close to pick up my meal.I will say, we usually get our food to go and just take it home. The few times I've eaten in this location, or others, it just seems too loud and crowded.My only complaint with Pei Wei is that about 1 out of 5 times, the fortune cookies don't have a fortune - clearly a quality issue with their supplier.Other than that I really like Pei Wei as a healthier, quick alternative for take-out food.
3	Not being a big fan of Chinese food myself, I decided to humor my partner in crime and try something of her choosing this Friday evening. After hearing my parents and food snob brother rant about the one in Avondale, I figured being a chain, it couldn't be much worse (or better) at this location.Since I was hungry (having not eaten all day due to my sensitive piercing [see my review for HTC]) we ordered 2 apps (edamame and the chicken lettuce wraps), for our entrees she had the Kung Pao chicken while I had the Thai coconut curry shrimp.The edamame came out pretty quickly, but were kinda "over-reheated" although fairly tasty. The lettuce wraps were OK. While the lettuce was great and very crisp and fresh, the chicken mixture was a little overdone and underseasoned. I've had better lettuce wraps at BJ's, to be totally honest.Out came the entrees and again, nothing special, but not bad. The chicken in her entree was, again, a little overcooked but not enough to make it inedible...I personally thought they were a little stingy with the peanuts, but the flavor was OK. Enough heat to make the dish enjoyable but not hot enough that you would start sweating profusely.My coconut curry shrimp smelled delicious and tasted the same. They definitely aren't stingy with the protein in either entree we tried. My only gripe with my entree was that it came out a little on the cool side, and without seeing any visible peppers, the seasoning throughout was a little inconsistent...a few bites would have no heat at all, then I'd fish out a shrimp and chomp away and I'd be in tears due to the spice.So, I wouldn't say it was good enough to change my opinion of Chinese food, but it was definitely a nice change of pace and I would go back again. 4 stars down to 3 as the cashier/order taker was a little snotty and impatient for my taste.
4	I am giving Pei Wei 4 stars only for the LETTUCE WRAPS!My mom and I have been going here ever since it opened and I have never been a big fan of their food.  I think that they go to heavy on the sauces and quite frankly..I've had much better food at a hole in the wall chinese place!I loooove their lettuce wraps though and I often compare lettuce wraps from other places to Pei Wei's and they just don't come close:)It is a hefty portion and the lettuce is big and crisp..YUM!Now I'm hungry... :)
4	Forgot i had the family coming over, needed something quick and decent price to feed 6 heads. Pei came through with a lettuce wrap with chicken and an order of "fry rice".  Friendly service and even threw in a couple more dipping sauces for the wraps.  As always another amazing dinner to go from Pei Wei.
3	i believe this was one of the first pei wei's in the valley and it was pretty good when it first opened. it hasn't really ever disappointed me. its good for some quick chow. they have a pretty good orange peal deal. i prefer the beef in this dish over the chicken or shrimps. but thats just me. which matters more to me then you. but..i'm sure you would disagree with that statement. but i don't really care...because its about me ya heard?anyways..it's A-OK in my books..i actually prefer the McDowell/7th Ave location now..so..meh!.
2	Pei ... have you lost your Wei? Not sure what was going on last night... working late, so called over to "my" Pei Wei to grab a Pei Wei spicy Chicken with Brown Rice and Salad Rolls... Well, they have the Chicken, NO Salad Rolls... funny....now I don't even see them on the menu... So, with great disappoint I ordered pot-stickers... guess what... out of them also... weird... how do they run out of these items at 7 PM? So I just go with the Spicy Chicken ... fine, but noticed a lot less chicken and MUCH smaller sized chicken chunks then normal... The host assured me that this was an isolated instance... but I wonder... things seem to changing everywhere. The favor was the norm... sweet yet spicy glaze with breaded chicken... my favorite... not bad all in all... I'm sure my doctor would say otherwise!... ENJOY!
3	I ventured again to the the downtown side of I17.  I have been interested in trying a Pei Wei for quite some time but I thought it would be the one at 67th and 101 for dinner rather than this one for lunch.  Miserable traffic, cramped parking, I drove right by the place.  But none of that is the restaurants fault.I got there at 1PM on a Friday figuring the lunch rush would be clearing.  As I walked up to the order desk I spotted 3 different 2 person tables to choose from.  By the time I got my order placed, no one in front of me, all three were being used and the only one open was next to one occupied by a one pretty woman just over 1/2 my age.  I left my number and went off to fill my iced tea glass and in that 2 minutes she was gone and the table was already cleared for the next guest.  Drat, scared off another one.:-(  Over the next 25 minutes that I was there the dining area did indeed clear out some but not as much as I expected.  Between the open kitchen, the music and all the talking I thought the noise level was pretty high.My meal took about 10 minutes to arrive which I think is about right.  I ordered the limited time offering of Thai mango chicken with white rice ($7.75) and an iced tea (soft drink $1.75).  It actually looked like the picture on the web site.  Slightly spicy on the hot side (about what I expected) but more syrupy on the sweet side than I would like.  Chains seem to like syrupy.  The servers were quick to bring dishes out without letting them sit and were keeping the tables cleaned off.Overall I think it is slightly nicer and slightly more expensive than Panda Express.  I wouldn't balk at going there again if that is what was suggested.  If in the right part of town I would prefer to go to Wok n Stix for about the same overall quality and price, and it is locally owned.
4	I like the Wei. I enjoy your kung pao shrimp, lettuce wraps, Pei Wei spicy chicken, and a recent fan of the lemon pepper shrimp. I have not been able to find a decent Chinese take out by me. The west side is being dissed no pizza, no china-men, no fish. I need to open a restaurant clearly. I find the dishes to be large, tasty, and relatively inexpensive. It's Chinese take out and next to the places I have tried in the area Pei Wei is a rock star!
5	I feel odd anytime I review a chain, but this particular location has set a pretty high bar for all other locations and they definitely deserve some props.I have eaten at this location dozens of times throughout the years and have zero complaints. Seriously, not one botched order, rude employee or unhappy dining experience.This past weekend I was partaking in a Rock Band marathon and we needed something in our bellies to keep us fueled up. It was about closing time but they had no problems making our dishes. Our food came out without any issues, piping hot and tasty, as usual. We were offered to-go cups in case we wanted one for the road and because we were the last people there, the extra chocolate chip cookies from the day went home with us, free of charge! Definitely a 5-star experience, every time!
5	yummy food. great prices. always crowded. sometimes it takes awhile to order food because of the crowds. but i have loved every dish i have gotten here. ramen noodles and pad thai are my favorites.
1	I don't like Pei Wei. They have a snow pea fetish that I don't agree with. You get about 5 pieces of meat and then you are left with dry rice.....
3	Never ate at a Pei Wei....but have at PF Changs. I had pretty much all the same things I get when I go to PF's. Everything tasted exactly the same in this cut-down version. The only issue I have is I think it's priced a little high. It certainly should be more expensive than say a Panda Express, but I don't think it should be more than your favorite local Chinese restaurant considering that you get so much more food (ie take home bags) in a "mom and pop" place.
4	Yes this is a chain, oh well. Wei has a good selection of options and the food is always fresh.Service at this location (which is new to me) is always prompt and courteous. It's Asian food from a chain so don't expect to be blown away but is this really why anyone goes here? It's consistent as you can get and doesn't break the bank for a good portion of food that can also be relatively healthy.My only qualm with Wei is that many of the dishes taste alike. Whether I get the Thai Dynamite or the Spicy Korean the flavors, spices don't vary that much - both are still decent dishes though.At 878 walkable yards from our place it's the closest Asian food takeout we have and I am ok with that.
3	I like that Pei Wei will let me get a kids' meal, even though I'm not a kid. Truthfully, I need the help with portion control when it comes to rice and sauces and allowing me the kids' meal option makes this one of the first places I think of when I'm looking to satisfy a rice craving -- and, it's definitely the only "guilt-free" place that comes to mind. The parking lot here STINKS!! Otherwise, I'd totally give you one more star.
4	I've been here about a million times over the past few years, but somehow never thought to write a review.  I really dig Pei Wei.  It is so much fresher tasting than typical Chinese take-out, and it is my go-to don't-want-to-cook-tonight place.  I love their online ordering (and iphone app) - it is quick, easy, and painless.As far as the food goes, most everything is delish.  My personal fav is the crab wontons.  I'm seriously OBSESSED with these... they are nothing like the cream-cheese puffs found elsewhere, thank goodness!  They actually have CRAB in them!  I also like the orange chicken, thai curry, kung pao, and salads.  Not a huge fan of their pad thai, but there are so many other options that I hardly miss it.  I do miss the caramel chicken special... it was delicious, and I'm bummed it didn't make the permanent menu. Pei Wei is an example of a chain done right - clean, quick, consistent and tasty.  I'll be back - again and again and again.
4	When my kids want Asian food, this is always where they want to go. The kids always get the honey chicken with noodles and eat every bite. For me and the hubby, we usually get the hot and sour soup (very good), the crab puffs( love the sauce), or the pot stickers (yummy). For entrees, I have had just about everything on the menu. My favorite is the Kung Pao chicken or the shrimp fried rice. They just installed a new soda machine that has more than 100 flavors to create. Very cool. The cashiers and wait staff have always been very nice as well.
5	I love the Mongolian beef with noodles & have getting here for years. I was glad to see no Arpaio in sight & the doors back open. My wife loves the Dan Dan noodles & the kids get honey seared chicken. I stop in this crazy busy location only when I'm in the area because the parking lot is insane. I think the concept is great & the service is always quick. Consistency is the key to this place.
4	Dined here last week and they have all sorts of foods and everything is ala carte; the place is a great place for all ages and their kiddie meals suit my boys perfectly. They mostly serve rice and their menu is also suitable for vegetarians since they offer a wide variety of choices. You will also feel that you really belong to the place since the staff is helpful and friendly.So there!
1	I was really excited to see that the Pei Wei had finally opened back up. But, extremely let down to find out that they had completely changed the menu. However, I still gave it a try. All I can say is that it was the worst food I've ever had. The chicken fried rice I got my daughter was undercooked and tasted a little off. I decided to try a sandwich, bad idea, it was extremely dry and the bread was really hard. I even tried the mango ice cream....that was bad too! It tasted more like vanilla that had a horrible after taste. It also seemed to be a bit over priced, I paid like $2.13 and the little cup I got it in wasn't even half way full! All I can say is that the owners made a bad choice switching it to the "asian market."
2	Definitely falls into the "what where they thinking?" category. Our  neighborhood Pei Wei - a block from our offices and a weekly favorite for 5 years, has changed to Pei Wei Asian Market - a sort of cheap food court concept, without the mall. Obviously this is a more inexpensive operation to run. Portions are a lot smaller, and about a dollar or two cheaper. Not all bad, but many favorites seem to be gone. Plastic has replaced the restaurant-ware, and not cool custom plastic, but basic restaurant supply take-away stock. No green PR there. The warm, PF-asian decor has been replaced by a basic black and industrial box with so much parking lot glare during lunch that it's hard to select your plastic utensils from the self-serve area. The restaurant is now noisy and the seemingly uncomfortable staff calling out order numbers adds to the din. Now in all fairness, we've tried the restaurant a few times since the reopen. The food was fine every time and the flavors good. Not where I'd go if I was hungry, but the value seemed good. Truly, if this was in the mall, it would likely do fine. Unfortunately it's not. Alas we mourn the loss of our local Pei Wei.
1	If I could give the new Pei Wei zero stars I would. Decided to give it one last try and it was even worse than before. Tried the Honey Seared Chicken and it was the most dry dish I've ever had. It also had no flavor, which is one thing that kept me going back to the old Pei Wei. We also tried a salad, but it basically only tasted like the little tangerines pieces in it. I guess I should've known this was a bad place when they completely eliminated the kids menu. Oh, and putting everything in to-go dishes just seems so wasteful! I won't return here ever again.
2	New decor but something is missing!  Not so upscale Asian fast food any longer.  You order at the counter and wait to hear your number shouted out for you to pickup.  Sort of like McDonalds.Servers who deliver your food to the table are no longer. No one  is clearing off empty dishes or asking if they can get you anything.  Heck, even Dairy Queen will bring out the Blizzard to your table on occasion.  At Pei Wei's you're on your own now, buddy!    What happened to the nice china plates and silverware.  Now it is plastic boats for the food and cardboard (huh) boxes for the salads. Menu has changed to what seems like smaller portions. My buddy's favorite sweet and sour soup is gone.  In fact Pei Wei's has no soups now.  The Pei Wei spicy beef was still good if somewhat vinegary.  Difficult to eat the side salad from the small cardboard box.Granted the remodel makes for an attractive space!  But it's now just open seating, sort of like mall eateries.  Music was irritating too.  I don't think this place will appeal to older folks. Previously Pei Wei was 5 star for me but now I'll think twice about eating here.  I like Sauce, down the street a whole lot better, as in better caring service!
1	They ruined Pei Wei! They actually redecorated to make the place look low rent. Somewhere there's someone in upper management who needs to be fired. Redecorate to downgrade the atmosphere -- seriously? Employees now wear t-shirts and jeans instead of the nice uniforms they wore before. A bunch of teenagers work there instead of the staff that used to know what they were doing.Worst of all, the new menu sucks. Nothing here that you can't get for half the price at any Chinese take out place in the valley. No more Dan Dan Noodles. No more Lo Mein. No more vanilla chai tea. Now there are just a few rice bowls and no noodle dishes. The music is so loud that you can't even hear them call out your order number as though you were at Taco Bell or McDonald's. Because eating a meal without having to listen to the teenagers at the counter shout out numbers is too upscale. So is actual silverware. Everything that made Pei Wei funky is gone. I guess it is still asian fusion -- it's just a fusion with fast food quality. All that's missing is a drive through.They do still have tofu, which I appreciate. However, I had Mongolian tofu and the sauce tasted like it was straight out of a jar. The food was barely warm. The mushrooms were raw. My dining partner's portions were laughable. Maybe a half cup of rice and less than a half cup of mongolian beef. Yes, I know Pei Wei is a chain restaurant but I used to really enjoy the food. I'm so disappointed. I won't be back.
2	I thought the old Pei Wei was okay, but didnt fully appreciate its subtle virtues until we walked in today. Sheesh. They removed all the comfy booths in favor of regimented food court tables, reduced the overall seating area, downgraded the condiment and self serve drink stations, replaced chinaware with plastic shells reminiscent of Kids Cuisine tv dinners. The whole thing is depressing. The food is worse than before - at least mine was - and as others have mentioned the portions have gone on a crash diet.  Healthy upgrade, s'ppose, since my tongue informs me they've piled even more sugar and salt into their sauces - if that's possible.  The limited menu is a little cheaper, I think, but doesnt approach the variety, appeal or value Pei Wei built its rather middle of the road reputation on. My bill was also screwed up. At least twice. First, they quoted the wrong remaining balance on my debit card, so I had them void the transaction and bill to another card, at which point they charged me for a phantom drink.  The manager wasnt able to credit that, so voided the entire sale again and billed me a third time. I now have three receipts. It'll get straightened out  and I have no problem whatever with the girl in front, or anyone who works there. But these systematic, abrupt downgrades scream customer indifference....you can almost hear the sneering boardroom banter all the way from Manhattan.
5	Wow ~ from Pei Wei Asian Diner to Marketplace.  What interesting yummy food changes and the property is beautiful and very chic.  My son let me know we are going back again today.   He was all about the meatball sandwich and sweet potatoe fries.As always ~ way to go Pei Wei, you keep current with the times and your customers likes.   This is a winner.
1	They ruined our neighborhood Pei Wei.  We used to do PW once-a-week.  Loved the food and everything else about the place.  Unique flavors that we couldn't find anywhere else.  We finally went last night after the new "Market"  opened.  I like the idea of the smaller portions. I can even deal with the new limited menu... But what used to be fresh food, wok-seared and served extremely hot is now pre-made and warmed up then plopped into a plastic dish.  Then you get to find your own plastic utensil to eat with.  The people that used to work there that we saw on a regular basis are now different employees, and with no customer service (bordering on rude).  The new seating is uncomfortable, and the ambiance is non existent.  We will never go back.  For 30 cents more, and a drive over to 44th & Thomas, we can get twice as much food, that is served well (and HOT)  by people who act like they care if we are happy eating there.  I understand this is a pilot restaurant to compete with the fast food joints.  If I want that, I will go to Panda Express.  Pei Wei, you are making a HUGE mistake.  Bad move!
1	I eat a lot of Asian food (of different sorts).  Asian is actually my go-to cuisine since I have a lot of food allergies.  This place deserves a thumbs-down, unless you love Americanized Asian.  The food was bland, breaded and just not worth any money.  Next time I'm in Phoenix, I definitely won't eat here.
1	Went in thinking it was the usual Pei Wei, big mistake. The food was close but no cigar. Not sure what they were thinking...
1	They change the place and the menu, we order our usual.  The price is about the same and the portion was smaller, the staff was not friendly.  I will not come back to this place.  My kids and I miss the OLD Pei Wei!!!  Why fix it if it is not broken!!!  WHY????
1	"What were they thinking?" is exactly what I thought. A friend and I visited this location today thinking we were going to PeiWei. Apparently, it is now a PeiWei Market. I knew something was up right away when we walked in. Not only was the decor totally different (looked like the food court at the mall), but there was nobody in there. Used to be difficult to even find a parking space. Not any more. I order my food and she asks me what size I want. I should have left then. Instead, I played along and ordered my food. $12.35 later, my number was yelled by the zit faced teenagers that work at this place, and I picked up my food. Looked like a damn lean cuisine, only not as good. It was served in the same plastic container and was about the same size. Everything is now served on to-go plastic, whether you are eating it there or not. Plastic tray, plastic dish, plastic fork, plastic cups. The most amusing part was to watch people walk in and order. When they received their food, they had this bewildered look on there face, like what the hell is this? Where am I? Everyone around us was not happy. Rather than convert an existing store, they should have just built a new one. Anyone who ate at PeiWei before, will surely not like the new changes. This concept will fail. Anyone who is considering PeiWei Market, save your money. Stay home and fix yourself a lean cuisine. Your wallet and palette will thank you.
1	Why would they 'fix' something that wasn't broken???  The place used to be slammed all the time but not any more.If I wanted cheap Asian slop on plastic I'd go to Panda Express down the street.  Pei Wei was my favorite place to eat and now I hate it there.  All my favorite things are gone from the menu.  My beloved Pad Thai and the Thai Dynamite are gone and so am I.
3	I love Pei Wei Asian Diner.  I am not a big fan of this Pei Wei Asian Market concept.  It is like the diner concept, but a lot more plain.  The restaurant is smaller than the average Pei Wei, and seems to be more of a fast food atmosphere.  This location is missing the quality of the other Pei Wei restaurants.  They only offer the basic items from Pei Wei and none of the newer promotional item like the Diner Selects I was looking for.  It is missing some of the fancy touches that makes Pei Wei more desirable than Panda Express.  Food was good, but not quite what I was looking for.  If you are looking for a high quality Pei Wei, try an Asian Diner, not the Asain Market version.  Not bad to eat at, but not interesting enough to recommend.
2	Pei Wei, why oh why did you think it would be smart of change your menu and the look of your original concept?  I personally think it was a bad move!  I hate that there are not many of the original items on the menu at this new, remodel.  I had the BBQ Korean dish which didnt really have much flavor and was kind of bland!  I also miss the separate line there use to be for people who called in or ordered online.  I probably won't be coming back to this location.  If I need to I will find another location that has the old items because those items are what made Pei Wei one of my favorites!
1	Fail.Why? Just compare it to the old restaurant that used to be housed here and that's the only word that comes up. On further thought an acronym comes to mind: WTF
1	WTF PEI WEI? I shalnt and willnt be returning to this location EVER AGAIN! Not only is the cafeteria like dining area lacking personality, it's now remarkably uncomfortable. On to the real reason we all USED to frequent the Asian affiliated eatery, the food. Unfortunately somebody decided to redo the menu, dropping a few of my favs which was tragic in itself, I mean I didn't even get to taste goodbye. My number one, numero uno did make the cut, Mandarin kung pao and i have always been close. But without the chunky pieces of chicken I have come to love and expect, It seems we have drifted apart. Something we said we would never let happen to us.Do yourself a favor, avoid this pee wee altogether.((sobbing begins))
1	The only thing more ridiculous than calling this food, is actually eating it. The one star is because yelp made me.
1	We used to do Pei Wei at least twice a month for take out. The food was always excellent. We haven't ordered from there in a couple years. My son and I went there for dinner last night. The service was pathetic.I ordered a chicken salad, the chicken had no taste, it was a poor quality, they bathed the salad in a sweet sauce. The worst part was both my son and I were sick for the next 12 hours. Pei Wei will not make it back on to our take out list. Management this location needs help
1	Royal Flush Fail!  Your new concept "Asian Market" was a very bad move.  We used to go to this location at least once a month.  Since, your shift  to market concept we drive right on bye...:(  It sucks because it was a fall back restaurant in our neighborhood. Its now one step up 'maybe" from Panda Express. NOT!
3	This Pei Wei recently transformed into a Pei Wei Market. This was our first time trying out the Market and the food still tastes the same but the menu items are more limited. No beef and broccoli - say what?! Luckily they had sweet and sour shrimp. However, it comes on a plastic plate with a plastic tray. You need to grab plastic utensils and drink from a plastic cup. Kind of wasteful if you ask me! Also, the portions were much smaller than before.The inside is nice. It gives off a warehouse vibe - very clean and open with tons of wood and metal tables. We arrived at 11am and left by 11:20am. The service was super quick - granted we were the first customers of the day! One of the employees told us that they were going to change back to a regular Pei Wei, since this Market concept wasn't doing so well. I hope they keep the redesign inside, but definitely go back to the standard menu.
2	Really a downgrade from the original Pei Wei diner.  The food menu was changed way too much and the kitchen is much less flexible on what they are willing to do. Unfortunately I think everyone has caught on since the lunch hour seems to be pretty empty.. Unlike before when you had to wait forever to order AND get a seat.  Hopefully they'll change it back..
2	Decided to go there last night so I went online to place our to-go order.  Soon discovered that you cannot order certain things online even though they are offered on the menu therefore I just called the restaurant and placed the order, to be picked up at 5:50pm.  The girl that took my order explained that they were still working through the online system and hopefully you will be able to order everything soon.  She read my order back to me and it was correct.  I arrived at 5:50 to pick up our order and the young man read everything back to me again, just as I had ordered it.  He told me that it would take about 5-10 minutes to put my order together.  Ok, I'm assuming they don't prepare the dishes until you arrive so that it will be nice and fresh.  I'm fine with that.About that same amount of time passed and they showed up with my bag of food.  As I was preparing to walk out the door, a server stopped me to tell me that we were missing our 6 rolls that had been ordered and it would be a few minutes because they have to be made from scratch.  A little confused now since they were in the order and everyone knew it but again, I sat and waited.  In about 5 minutes the young man brought me a tray with 3 rolls and said "here you go - have a nice evening".  I looked at him and said where are the other 3, I ordered 6?  A look of confusion came over his face, he went back to the young lady (who I assume was the mgr on duty), told her and she asked someone to make another order.  She came back to me, apologized and asked if there was anything else she could get for us, nope just the rolls was my answer.  This took about another 10 minutes.  Now, she did apologize for all the delays and gave me a gift card to use and the food was good.  Service was really poor.  I don't understand how two people can read your order off to you and then the kitchen can't get it made.  In my estimation, I must have waited until at least 6:15 until we received our full order of food.  I'm hoping they were just having a bad night but they do need to work some bugs out of their online ordering system.
5	Let's just say I don't go to eat the food. ;)The place is close, it is fast. I don't know what else you need from Asain Market but keep doing  what you are doing. And I'll keep coming in and pretending that I come their for the food.Honestly, qui est cette dame?
5	Ok - they finally got their heads on straight and went back to being a regular Pei Wei Asian Diner like the rest of their locations.  I hope it's not too late for them to get their business back.  It doesn't seem like they're doing much to let people know they changed back.My favorites dishes are back and so am I!
5	The old menu is back!  Many thanks to corporate and to all the other people who either complained or stopped going.  We used to go at least once a week, but the new concept had really turned us off, and I'd say we went a total of 4 times since the switch, half of,those times paid by gift cards from corporate.  No more disposable plates and silverware, but good ole china!  Best of all, I can get my old favorites and a bowl of Lo Mein for my son.  So while the food and restaurant may not actually be five stars, I'm giving it to them for returning the Pei Wei universe to the correct order.  Thanks!
4	Food is pretty good.  Service is totally fine.
3	Good food wheat for lunch and there out of white rice right when I get my order. How do you run out of white rice at a chines food restaurant
1	I used to frequent and love this place ! But you took away the menu with pics and customers are confused and now the line to order is long because customers have to ask do many questions! Add pics to the menu board you dummies.
3	Since they changed the menu awhile back I don't go as much. When I do go I'll get the honey seared chicken and some lettuce wraps. Staff has always been friendly.
5	I love pei Wei always ! Dan Dan noodles extra spicy is delicious and the ginger broccoli are my faves !
1	If you are reading this please don't go there. They made the place not appealing to eat in. The mean changed from great to worst. I got the spicy pei Wei they asked me if I wanted a large or market size, so I got the large and it looked no different from the market size i went up to tall them i got the large one they said its only 2oz difference which was not worth the 3 bucks more because there wasn't two more ounces. Don't go trust me the food wasn't that good either.
1	I found a human pubic hair inside a crab wonton, I told the manager he took it out of the food and apologize to me offered to give me food for free I said no. He pulled out a gift card from his back pocket and put it next my plate. The way he did it made me feel like I was complaining to get something free which I was not. I did not wanted to take the cars but my brother who was there insisted to take, we took it and today 2/27/14 we try to use it at the location on dysart and McDowell rd I'm Avondale and the card was declined. Just wanted to tell you how disgusted I was with this person so called manager who gave me an empty card. Bad service and bad experience would do my best to not come to pei Wei in the future. Not only I find unhealthy finding a human hair in the food but the service I got was not pleasant
1	So I heard things had changed and went back to the way they used to be so I decided to try it again since its in my neighborhood. We'll, all that changed was that they brought back plates vs plastic take out.  I ordered a Chinese chicken salad and when I got it was served with the dressing on the side. I ask the young boy to have the chef "toss" my salad. He looked at my like I was crazy. When the salad returned it was exactly the same as when it left -- dry and untossed. I had to walk up to the cooks area to ask them to "Toss my salad in the dressing"....Anyway, the whole environment  of this location is off - the flow of the restaurant is weird and I WONT BE BACK ever again. TOSSING a salad doesn't mean to puke your guts out - It means to toss the salad with the dressing.  Do I really have to explain this?   I guess so...Just a weird experience and weird place.
1	Possibly the worst food I've had since moving to Arizona. No, I'm going to stay the worst food I've had in the last five years.
1	If you are looking for good meal, keep looking. The food here is very bland. The hot and sour soup was so salty and it wasn't hot; it was also like a bad tasting gel. The person who took order didn't know the ingredients of some of the dishes. If you want see how bad this place is, hurry in before they go out of business.
5	Wasabi crunch sushi roll was very good. Lots of tuna and yummy sauce.  Was not very busy but had good service
