4	This dry-rub barbecue was delicious. The "sassy" barbecue sauce was meh, but the sweet was good enough to make up for it.
3	Drove past on Power Road this afternoon and noticed it for the first time, because I could smell their smoker.  Went back early this evening for dinner.  The corn souffle side dish was delicious, as was the sliced beef brisket with sweet sauce.  I did not care for the cole slaw, though.  Sweet tea was good.
5	way legit texas bbq.  brisket done the right way - with a dry rub.  the corn souffle is amazing.  with dublin dr. pepper and sweet tea, it's a little slice of texas in AZ...
3	Found this place by accident.  Not the greatest location.The pulled pork rates about an 8 on my scale.  Didn't need sauce, but the sauce (sweet) was good.  The Ranch beans are a tad spicy but still good.  The slaw needs a little help.I will definitely go back and sample the rest of the menu.
1	Wanted to try this since it was close to home. Went midday and got the pulled pork, corn soufflee, cole slaw, and Dr. Pepper. Meat was not at all warm.Corn dish was fine, but tepid.Can't screw up cole slaw.Dr. Pepper ONLY came in REALLY small bottles, like 6 or 8 ounces. Had FOUR.Had pecan pie for dessert. Typical commercial type, so nothing special.OH -- and ONE slice of almost stale white bread.Cornbread would have been a better option.Will NOT be returning there.  SORELY DISAPPOINTED !!!
5	All around great food.  True Texas brisket experience.  Meat has great flavor and tasty sides add variety to the offerings.  Don't forget about the sheet cake for dessert!!  I'll be back.  ***Read another review on here talking about wings.  They don't have wings here!!  Get your reviews right people.
4	Anyone who knows me knows how serious I take my BBQ. The problem with living in the far east valley is the lack of quality restaurants near by. Even with a dry cleaner, among other small mom and pop shops near by this place does a good job of drawing you in with the smoky and sweet smell of slow cooked meat. This is not your backyard grilled meats masquerading as BBQ after hiding under a overdose of super sweet sauce. No! this is meat the way it was meant to be cooked. Big hunks of meat cooked low and slow transforming into tender and juicy meat so good tasting you will wish you had three stomachs.LOL sorry kind of wandered off there for a minute but I'm back now. Anyways the place is set up very simply with small yet well spaced out tables each offering one of three kinds of sauce (sweet, mild, and I believe a hot version. Now I like sauce but had to say I was not a big fan of these. The owner seemed to have added Italian salad dressing to them as a way to add extra flavor. In the past I have heard of others doing this but in this case it did nothing but add a weird after taste to the sauce. The hot version had a good kick but again had the same after taste issue. I recommend just forgoing their sauce altogether and just using one you have at home. Anyways moving on to the main attraction which is the meat. Others who have reviewed this place said it had a great smoky flavor and My texas brisket sandwich did not disappoint. The meat was tender, had a good outside bark and smoke ring letting me know the person cooking this food knew what they were doing. As this was my first time here I just stuck to the meat (no sides this trip) but my friend has and thought the cole slaw was ok but was kind of watery. If you have a sweet tooth they also offer sweet treats like pecan pie and cookies. Overall I have to say the food I had was good and I do look forward to trying other menu items in the future. The prices may keep some people away but while you are going to pay more than you would for one of those fake BBQ Mc rib sandwiches I say it is more than worth it. Don't believe me then try it for yourself.
4	As a Texan, I have avoided mostly every BBQ joint in the Valley because of the types of BBQ that they offer. I found this place by chance and found the staff friendly, the food fresh, and the ambiance quaint. The owner is very friendly and likes to converse with his customers. I really appreciate that; a great deal of restaurants just try to get you in and get you out as fast as possible. I always get the 6 oz Real Sugar Dr. Pepper bottles because they are made with pure cane sugar instead of High Fructose Corn Syrup. They were brought directly from Texas and are supposed to be savored instead of gulped down. As to the BBQ, I have tried every meat that they have. I can say that my favorite is the Jalapeno and Venison sausages. The owner even gave me an extra helping because I brought my coworkers to the restaurant and he wanted to let them try it before they ordered some to go. The brisket is smoked and it very tender, the chicken is still juicy, the pulled pork sandwiches, while not the staple in Texas are still quite delicious. I would highly recommend the corn souffle when it first comes out of the oven (around 11 am). It fits in perfectly in with the meal and in my case, I like to eat it as a snack later at work.I will continue to be a regular here and support a Mom and Pop Texan Restaurant trying to make it here in the Valley.
5	Best BBQ in the east valley without a doubt. Yes, better than Joe's, Waldo's, Dickie's, Dave's, or any others we've been to. Family owned & operated. Brisket, pulled pork, and sausage are all yummy, moist, and just enough smoke without overpowering the meat. Price point for their food is commensurate with just about every non-chain BBQ joint in the valley.After dinner comes one of the best kept secrets at this fantastic little BBQ joint - the homemade pecan pie! The owners wife makes the pie from scratch. As a lover of pecan pie, I have had many & believe me this one is the best. I asked about buying whole pies & they do sell whole pies as well, yippie! If you love BBQ & have not tried Allison's...it is well worth the trip. Fortunately for us, we live very close to this great restaurant.
5	We purchased a Groupon deal and went and tried this restaurant . The food is excellent and the service is very good . If you are wanting real Texas BBQ then this is the place to go!
5	If I could bottle the smell of this place and take it home to my kitchen, I would.  As it is, we just ordered extra food to take home.  Mmmmm.It's a real bare-bones ambience at Allison's, but between that smell, the two-step music, and the paper towels on the checked tablecloths, it feels like the real thing.  And Texas, not South Carolina or some sauc-y version of BBQ.  You can douse your food in sauce if you like, but you'll be missing the smoky goodness of the meat that way.My friend and I had two two-meat platters, both with the addictive corn souffle, and loved it all.  Too stuffed for the pecan pie, but will plan for that next time.BTW, they don't stock the sugar-version Dr. Pepper anymore; the (very friendly) owner regrets to say Dr. Pepper sued the bottler and it's not available now.  Also, the previously mentioned jalapeno and venison sausage is actually jalapeno and pork--but it's really good, no matter what's in it.The sausage was one of my meats, the other was burnt ends.  That's not on the menu, but when I asked for it, the owner accommodated me.  Of the three sauces, I liked the sassy, which I guess is a cross between the sweet and the spicy.  My friend shared her ribs with me--they were almost melty.  The burnt ends were chewier, but some pieces were almost caramelized.  If you like burnt ends, I recommend them.Allison's is a long way from home for me, but I know I'm going back there in the near future.  Now if I can just figure out now to make that corn souffle . . .
5	Had an awsome late lunch at this bbq restaurant this afternoon.  I have a gluten alergy so it was a relief to be able to talk to the owner and make sure what i could eat since everything is homemade.  I had the corn souffle, the ranch beans  & the sliced brisket which was really really really good.  The owner came over and talked to us and was really nice. The best part of the it was the smell you can smell the bbq cooking out in the parking lot and it is wonderful.
5	I had a discount coupon from a company on the net that brought us to Allison's.The place is small and not very fancy, but that made it comfortable.  I had the sliced brisket and beef sausage.  I had beans and corn souffle for my sides.  The food came and it filled the plate.  The meats were done just right.  The brisket was a tad crunchy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside.  The beans had just a tad of spice (or so my wife, the Canadian said) and the corn souffle was moist and oh so good!I wasn't really crazy for his sauces (I think it has apple cider vinegar in them), but everything else was really good.I have to agree that it is the best bar-b-q in the east valley!  I will definitely be back again!
3	I used a Groupon offer. It's alright but nothing spectacular. I got a full slab of ribs with cole slaw and salad as my two sides to go. The sides were small and plain, and the ribs were decent. You could taste the smoke, but I had to eat it with their house sauce.
2	So I had the Hotlink Sandwich It wasn't bad I've had better It wasn't Hot really meaning the Temperature of the Meat and the Spicy of the Meat if it was hot in both ways it could have been better. It was sliced different also that not that big of a deal thou but it was different. Wasn't a big fan of the BBQ sauce either.
5	This place and food is awesome. SOOOOOO good. I'm stopping in every time I'm in AZ
4	Been there a couple of times. This place has some of best BBQ in the valley.   if they could get some Taylor Picnic links for wraps that would be centex
1	Ordered the chopped brisket sandwich because they did not have sliced brisket available at 11:45 AM.  Chopped brisket was left overs reheated, very dry like jerky with poop flavor.  My two friends and I had the same thing with the same BAD results.  They will never see us there again.  Toms, Daves, and most home BBQ put them to shame.
5	Excellent. I agree with the other reviewers; Best BBQ in the East Valley. I've tried them all and this place is legit.  I had a Brisket plate. The meat was well smoked and I didn't feel the need to drench it in sauce.  Selection of sauces was real good.  My favorite is the Sassy sauce. Will definitely be back soon.
4	When you see the smokin' BBQ as you drive up, you know the food is going to be good.   Friendly and casual.  Would definitely go back
2	NOT impressed! All of our orders came out at different times. The server came to the table several times saying," actually we do not have...". Served some soggy white bread as the side to our meals. The food was not bad, but very flavorless without sauce. Save your $ and go to the Arby's next door.
5	My family has the philosophy that if you have to add sauce to the BBQ, then you've done something wrong. Allison's does it right every time. Of course, if you want sauce, they have 3 different flavors of BBQ sauce. My husband orders the Big Bryan every time. It has brisket, pulled pork, and sausage. The sausage is imported from Texas and has that spicy Tex-Mex flavor. It's a huge sandwich and so he takes half of it home. And the corn souffle...yum!!!The staff is always courteous and friendly. Before Allison's opened, we've been disappointed in the BBQ restaurants in the area and so we have our own smoker. We still use our smoker, but it's nice having someone else "slave" away the hours it takes to get that nice smoke ring on the meat.
5	Let me tell you about my experience at Allison's.  I ordered over the phone for take-out so my wife and I could do dinner and a movie at home.  The gentleman I spoke with was friendly but not overly talkative.  I ordered two pulled pork sandwiches and then asked about the corn souffle.  He said that was his favorite and then told me about it.  I was sold.  When I arrived at the restaurant the food was ready and the cashier was friendly.  The only thing was, it was Pi day.  I wanted a pie, but they were sold out.  Not a big deal, though, they threw in a texas sheet cake for free.  The food was good, the portions were perfect and we will definitely be back!
5	Delicious all the way around.
2	This place just wasn't for us.I had the roasted chicken which was perfect.:  Nice flavor, tender, moist, and not to greasy with the skin left on.  My husband had the rack of ribs.  He prefers his ribs moist, fall off the bone, with lots of good sauce and no "char" on the outside.  Unfortunately for him this place does ribs with slight "char" and a dry rub that has cloves in it.  He wasn't a big fan of the flavors or the meat.  Normally he would just put a little extra sauce on it and be OK, but the sauce options are no good at all.The Sauce:  All three flavor options (Sassy, Spicey, Sweet) have the same watery consistency and they all taste pretty much the same.  (They all look different but I would be hard pressed to tell them apart).  Each one is pretty heavy on clove and molasses which you can taste distinctly.  (I guess you would have to use a lot of molasses to cover the bitterness of so much clove and vinegar). The staff is nice and the place is clean.  All the sides we tried are awesome (corn stuff, baked beans, slaw, potato salad).All and all this place may be worth a try for you, but our preference is for a different kind of BBQ.  We wont be going back ourselves but we wouldn't tell people to stay away.
5	Good BBQ is hard to find in AZ.Had a groupon to this place so right off the bat I was already happy to be paying 1/2 of what it would normally cost.Service was excellent and the guys running the place were knowledgeable, friendly and also pretty funny. Food was excellent! So. Damn. Good. I went here about 5 months ago so I can't remember what I had but it was a triple-layered sandwich, multiple animals and it just worked so well. The meat was juicy, just enough smoke and the beautiful bark I crave from BBQ. The cornbread souffle is literally one of the best experiences I've had with a food item and my mouth. Don't know what my GF had because during the 15 minutes that I was eating, I pretended she didn't exist and had a love affair with my meal.It's probably out of the way for most people in the Valley but if your out in Mesa buying used tires, puppies or meth, stop in and treat yourself to some yummy food!
4	A lot of people don't understand good smoked BBQ. The way this restaurant is set up is to allow you to flavor your meal as you want it. The meat comes beautifully hickory smoked and that is all. There is salt available which didn't break my hand to use. All three sauces available (sweet, spicy and sassy) all taste a bit different, and anyone saying otherwise has either a small palate or has burned off their taste buds. Sweet has a good amount of brown sugar and molasses, spicy isn't all that hot, but it adds some pepper to give it a kick (I prefer mixing both spicy and sweet) and sassy tastes as though it contains turmeric giving it a slight Mexican food style taste (not my choice for a bbq plate, but if you like that sort of thing then fine). I had the pulled pork sandwich and my wife had the sliced brisket sandwich(in retrospect, I should have ordered the same or the chopped brisket as the beef was amazing) both came on buns that are nice quality and pan toasted in butter. The pork was again, excellently smoked and I was able to spice it as I saw fit. This is not a high end operation where the chef in the back has a secret rub or sauce that is to die for, however, they sure know how to smoke a piece of meat. 4 stars for excellent cooking, lost a star because of the exterior, but then it is in a crappy complex that desperately needs renovating. The husband and wife that operate this are very nice and this would turn into an amazing place with the right investments.
5	Great BBQ and friendly service!
5	All I can say is "Wow!"I tried these guys because they had a booth set up at Denim and Diamonds.  Oh my....I am so glad I tried the brisket sandwich.  It was warm drippy barbecued delightfulness!  I highly recommend a trip to this eatery.  You will not be let down.  I would drive from Tempe, Chandler, or even Scottsdale for another sandwich!
5	Not just the best brisket in the valley but the best I've ever had
3	i was going to hit the Arbys in the same lot as AT BBQ,,but decided to support a local biz. I was dying for a minding blowing pulled pork sandwich, but instead received a lackluster one .the BBq sauce is real good but the pulled pork was standard.I will try the ribs soon in which I hope they will rock me.
4	Pretty good BBQ.  The smoker is right outside and smelled so yummy.  I thought the meat was very moist and the sides were good too.  The beans also had a little smoky flavor which I enjoyed.  When in the mood for BBQ, we will be back!
3	Really was hoping for a great new spot. Just didn't fit the bill. Very nice family owned place, great corn souffle. Meat was greatly smoked, thought the BBQ sause was ok. Even felt like maybe the meat was a bit dry. Will try again, maybe just an of night.
1	Take this review with a grain of salt as I'm a BBQ buff.This is very very average BBQ that is being prepared in a very generic and lazy way. This is the type of BBQ establishment run by a 20something who watches a lot of BBQ shows on cable and decided to open a small restaurant. Which is fine. However great BBQ this is not. The flavor profiles are all over the place for all categories of the food and it ends up making the food taste just weird and like chemicals and Hickory.The Brisket lacks seasoning and has too much smoke and not enough tenderness. The ribs have a tough "skin" on them which makes them extremely hard to chew. They are also cheap St Louis style ribs that are extremely fatty.The place is a health hazard as well, take a quick trip to the bathroom and you will see that.My advice to them: use waaay less Hickory and start using more flavorful and less pungent woods.If you want great BBQ in Phx try any of the following and spend your money where it deserves to be spent in order of best first: Texas BBQ House, BBQ Company, Rudy's
5	I went here a while ago and my husband, who has rated a lot of BBQ all over the country, said it was the best he's ever had! I don't have his experience, but I would agree with him. The people working there are really nice and the food is DELICIOUS!!! Go there now!!
5	Awesome BBQ!  Best BBQ in Arizona. Now I don't have to go to Texas to get great BBQ. The beef brisket and pulled pork are heavenly and the Pecan Pie is as good as my wife's.
1	ordered the Big Texas Plate ...just a tad over $14. chicken was going to be done in  5 minutes, so we waited... who wouldn't wait for fresh hot chicken??Portions were very small... 2 1/2 tiny ribs, (burnt char and very fatty) 2 half dollar sizes of sliced chicken, also very dry, and a childs handful of chewy, dried, pulled pork. This is the worst bar b que we have had in the valley! it did come with 2 sides, corn souffle was just ok.... Now we know why it was empty on a Saturday night ...needless to say, we will not be returning.
5	I haven't been to Texas in years. But maybe a trip to Allison's Texas BBQ is close enough! Eating barbecue like this is a very special culinary treat. I'm a wee bit grateful it's not too close to me. Otherwise I'd be eating my way out of my leggings. Dangerous! Located in a nondescript shopping center (With copious amounts of signage! Can't be missed) the restaurant is sensible in design. Old school booths line the walls and tables fill the rest. Checkered plastic table cloths add character along with the decided Texas accents. (e.g.Texas flags, cowboy signs.)Looking at the menu my friend and I weren't quite sure what to order. The delightful smell of barbecue wasn't helping. (We were hAngry! It smelled good in there!) Lynn, the manager, suggested we go with the "Big Tex" and add onto it. Normally it comes with 3 meats. We upgraded to 4 meats and a small orders of all the sides for $24. So  that would be 4 Ribs, Brisket, Pulled Pork, Chicken *and*  [deep breath] Corn Souffle, King Ranch Beans, Hill Country Potato Salad, Cole Slaw.  It was mm-mm-mm finger licking good!  The star in the sides by a stretch was the Corn Souffle. My friend said, "If I could, I would eat this day and night." We plastic fork battled over this one. In the meat section I was a fan of all of them. Ribs! Falling off the bone. Chicken! Moist. Pulled Pork! Yes Please! Brisket! Definitely. It's hard to describe enjoying something in words so others can appreciate. With so many options in front of me my biggest issue was the diminishing size of my stomach.  My friend and I lightly tasted the pecan pie and chocolate sheet cake. Perfect amount of sweet after gorging ourselves on lunch. However, we couldn't possibly eat everything. A trip to Mesa is worth it! Note there is no alcohol or BYOB. Come prepared to eat! In bulk! Eat here. Your belly will thank you!
5	Great food are really good service. The smell alone is enough to make your mouth water.
5	The smell of the BBQ pulls you in off the street. Perfectly cooked and delicious! Highly recommend!
5	The food here may just take your tactile senses through such a pleasurable experience that you'll almost feel guilty about it. Almost. I had pulled pork sanwich that was smoked to perfection & served w/ fresh onions and pickles before I buried it in the spicy sauce tha I'm going to try to purchase by the bucketload.I had a second of regret for not having brought a poncho since this wasn't going to be pretty. I had to warn everyone within a 5 ft radius to watch out while I was "feedin" to make sure that no one lost any fingers. Between my new favorite "hammie sammie" and the corn souffle, I had all of the major food groups: grain group, veggie group, and the dessert group, so i had to pass on the fresh pie. Before we left, a sweet blonde haired blue eyed Belle (must be Allison) came by to make sure if everything was gravy. Texas always goes big!!!
1	The worst BBQ I've ever had! When we showed up we asked if the ribs are beef ribs or pork ribs since this place advertises Texas it has to be beef ribs right? The 20 something cashier didn't have a clue, and he had to ask the kitchen. I mean really shouldn't you know if you work there??? It was pork ribs, which is fine. So I ordered the 2 meat with brisket and pork ribs. The brisket was bone dry and the portion was small. There were like 4 pieces of small slices. The ribs were even worse. It was so dry and tough, and I've had jerky that were more tender. For the price they are charging this is pretty awful. My gf is from Texas and with her liking the more lean brisket she wasn't even ok with it. Don't think I'm coming back. I seriously have no idea what these people are raving about with the 5 stars. Maybe they need to make a trip to Rudy's and see what Texas BBQ is actually suppose to be like!
2	My husband and I are foodies. He wanted to try this place for quite some time and we finally did the other day. He is a huge BBQ lover and to hear him complain was quite surprising. He kept saying to me all throughout the meal, I want to find something good to like about this place and I keep trying to talk myself into giving it another shot but then I taste the next thing and I'm so disappointed. His brisket was very dry. His ribs were tough and hard to chew. His coleslaw was so unflavorable that he said KFC made much better coleslaw. He even mentioned that the soda machines weren't mixed right and he had a watered down soda. I had the pulled pork and it was very dry as well. I had to soak it in sauce just to eat it. The beans were not that great. The potato salad was pretty decent. The place was almost deserted when we sat to eat our food. A dew people came in while we were eating. I wondered why this place wasn't more packed during the dinner hour. We paid $33 for our two plates with sides and a drink. For being a small place in a strip mall, they were highly overpriced for what we got. From now on we will stick with Honey Bears or Joe's Farm Grill for our BBQ.
1	Not very happy with the meal at all. $40 for two plates, all meat was pretty dry. Portions for the money I thought was high. Coleslaw was not "creamy" and tasted like pickles. Overall not impressed. The desserts we got were the highlight of our take out meal.....sad!
2	The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork. The corn souffle was good but the potato salad tasted like mediocre store bought. For the price I expected much better.
5	We had the Brisket and it was amazing.  Along with the Beans that also were extremely good, the corn souffle they served was the best ever.  But I have to say by far the best part of eating at Allison's was meeting the owner who was so friendly and welcoming me.   A great family owned restaurant.  All in all 5 starts and we will certainly go back.
5	The best thing here is the corn souffle!! The bbq is also fantastic!! The staff was very friendly, the owner came over and talked with us a bit. The Sweet Tea is super delicious and done right, absolutely adore it.  Definitely the best bbq on the east side that I've had!
1	Disgusting-Dry-Nasty.This was the worst. When you can buy better bbq in the grocery store you suck. We had the pulled pork and ribs seriously the worst food I have ever tried to eat and could not chock it down. Meat was  DRY!!! The sauces are a complete joke disgusting, we could not even eat the beans they tasted like burnt cloves mixed with brown sugar and the beans were under cooked, the beans how do you mess that up? Then to top it of we sent the ribs back because there was a pubic looking hair on them. I will NEVER go back I feel like I got screwed out of $30 bucks because the best and only ok tasting item we got was the sliced bread, that's it. I really can't wait till this place go's out of business it sucked that bad!!! I also don't believe any of the 5star reviews I read the only way you could think their food was good is if you were DRUNK or someone paid you to say it. If you don't believe me try it for yourself and see if you don't feel screwed too.
5	I'm always hesitant to even read reviews by someone with just one review.  I can assure you that I'm a regular on Trip Advisor, but this is my first with Yelp.  The bad reviews are all just "bad reviews"  Most don't understand Texas BBQ and the condiments.  First of all if you go to a BBQ restaurant and they try to give you beef ribs, leave!  The person posting that he expected beef ribs has no idea what he's talking about.Second, if you want sweet sauce go live in the south.  Texas BBQ sauce is a vinegar base not sugar.  Third, Texas ribs are made with a dry rub and cooked over mesquite.  Yes they have a great smokey flavor!  If someone serves you ribs smothered in sauce, they overcooked them.Fourth, Most beans are overcooked at restaurants.  Allison's beans are cooked right.Fifth, the sausage comes from Southside Market in Elgin Texas.  They've been making sausage from good cuts of meat for well over 100 years and this is the best.  If you think this sausage is too dry, go to the another BBQ place that thinks sausage is made from the leftover fat trimmings.Now for my review.  Allison's did a great job cooking the brisket, ribs and sausage.  I didn't have the pork as usually this is not a real Texas BBQ meat.  But I do understand that some people want pulled pork.  If you want Texas BBQ, this is the real thing!Come and Take It!
5	We lived in Texas many years ago and this was better than I remembered! Had the chopped brisket sandwich with potato salad - perfect! Loved every bite :)
5	Stopped in hoping for real Texas BBQ and found it!! Had Len fix me up with some burnt ends and beans and man, was it great! Even ran into some Red Raider fans who I traded friendly barbs with! Len and Brent, great job you guys! See y'all real soon! Hook 'em!
1	Tried to stop in for lunch, but sadly disappointed! The curly haired blond guy was the most rude/inhospitable person I've encountered in a long while. Apparently he doesn't know how long they smoke their brisket or much at all about the menu, but after I order a Sonny's spud (advertised on a big paper sign behind the register) all of the sudden (conveniently after I try to use my Yelp deal) he says they are out of potatoes- and even though he just told me they were cooking they won't be ready for another 2 hours. I'm not sure on what planet it takes over 2 hrs. to bake a potato, but at that point I didn't care so I just left. I understand running out of items, but I don't understand an unnecessarily rude or mean demeanor. I don't know if he was just ignorant or rude or both, but how are you not friendly or hospitable at a BBQ place?  I ended up driving out of my way and going to a chain restaurant (Famous Dave's) and had the absolute opposite experience- the guy was so kind and friendly and even jumped around the counter to open my door like a gentleman that I wanted to hug him! Next time I  want an independent BBQ place l'll make the trek to Texas BBQ House or Little Miss where customer service and friendliness are a priority.
5	I've eaten a lot of bbq in my life and this is the best I've tried here in Arizona.  For those who understand Texas bbq, this is the place to go.  The brisket was very tender, and I tried the corn souffle and slaw as well. Corn was incredible,  the slaw was. .. slaw.  it was a nice contrast to the rest of the food on the page though.  Service was very friendly,  Lynn was shooting the breeze with me about different bbq styles.  I came away feeling enlightened.  Mentally,  definitely not physically.  I had to undo the button on my pants after that meal.  All in all,  the decor could be better,  and it is in a strip mall,  but the food and  service make this a five star diamond in the rough.
5	AMAZING barbecue! Seriously maybe the best place in AZ. The owner is a really nice, friendly guy, our food came out quickly, and, most importantly, everything was DELICIOUS! I highly recommend this place!
2	I wasn't impressed with my first experience here. The meat was very hard and lukewarm, nothing fell off the bone. The beans were soupy and way over cooked. The potato salad how ever was really amazing. I think I paid way to much for 4 pieces of thinly sliced brisket and 2 ribs. Total for 2 two meat plate cost us 32 bucks. It was worth a try but I don't believe I would go again.
4	It was good. Didnt blow my socks off, but it was good. Potato salad....deliciousBeans......mehhhhCorn souffle.....diffrent but delicious after I got used to the texture. If you're texture person that might weird you out it's like a bread pudding with pieces of corn kernel in it.Pecan pie.....yummyBbq sauces..... Not what I would pick.average.Meats were good we had pulled pork and briscuit.
1	If you like undercooked ribs,.this is the place to go,.nothing good about this place, toast that is NOT toasted,.ribs pink inside and done on outside and beans that must of came out of a can that was purchased at food city, undercooked also and no taste, ribs that had no taste and UNDERCOOKED!! Would never go there again in my lifetime!
