5	FREE PASSES in VEGAS-- can't beat free.  Actually, VIP no lines beats passes.What happened:  I told this rep I had a female party of six that was looking to have a good time for my sister's bachelorette party, told him when I arrived, then Chris texted me an invite to the Palms: Moon, Rain, Playboy and Ghost bar that afternoon.  We checked in at Moon and made our rounds.  The ladies will always remember this night cause we partied like rockstars on every ROOF-- spectacular! Thanks Chris! What I did: a "free vegas passes" search on google and found this website-- three months ahead (not necessary, but I wanted everything to be perfect as the maide of honor) I didn't know which clubs to go to but I knew I wanted to get me and my sisters bachelorette party in free, so I filled out my contact info along with my request for 6 passes to whatever clubs they recommended.  Chris called me back maybe 12hours later and gave me the low down on Vegas clubs and basically said women really shouldn't pay for club entry at ANY of the hot clubs in Vegas-- he was right.  We showed up around 11pm at Moon and they gave me a card and stamped everyones hand.  Each club was different but they all played the best jams and we danced our butts off til I don't even know when.  One thing I remember is my sister kept saying "I feel like I'm in a music video" and from the looks of our pics, she musta felt it too.  The next night Chris invited us to Cathouse with VIP entry and free champagne.  We ended at a show and fancy dinner but it was nice to know that I could text him for entry to most of the clubs in Vegas-- or at least any the girls were interested in.  I wouldn't go back without contacting him again.  It's nice to go out with your girls and save your money for all of the other sinful pleasures in Vegas-- ya know?  The recommendation:  Visit the site and figure out where you wanna go.  Ask what's hot the night you're going out.  Call or email Chris when you're arriving.  Text him the afternoon before you want so he'll escort you into the select club-- so you don't have to wait in line.  He'll probably text you before you remember to text him which is nice since it's easy to get off track in Vegas.
5	My girlfriend and I had an awesome time thanks to Chris and the guestlist feature. We signed up about a week early to go to the Palms clubs and then XS the next day. We received text messages the by 5pm each day with all the instructions needed for that particular day (ie, what time to come, etc.) I even called Chris and asked him for passes to the Mix (on Monday). He was very helpful and he rightly suggested that I should stay in XS since Mix is dead that day. At XS we got to skip the long GA line and we were in in 2 minutes.The clubs were great of course and we had a super fun time. Thanks man!
5	Free Vegas Club Passes is the way to go for Vegas nightlife! Chris is super responsive and helpful via email and text. Our large group (of men and women) opted to use passes, which were at the hotel when we arrived. The passes lead to a free and hassle-free night at two different clubs for everyone. After doing a ton of Internet research I had been skeptical about passes until I got a referral from a friend for freevegasclubpasses.com -- the site has tons of information and tons of options for all the clubs we wanted to go visit.I'll opt for the VIP guest list next time.
5	Lets just say Chris HOOKED it UP!!!  I went with a group of 11 girls for a bachelorette party!  Fast access to all the clubs, no payment...it was the vegas weekend that we had only seen in movies.  Chris even got us a great hook up with a limo service that made the night even more memorable.  I've been back from Vegas for 2 weekends now, and have probably recommended him out to over a dozen people because we were that satisfied.  Chris not only knows how to get you in for free, but he also knows how to guide your group to a good time!  Give him a call - he will totally let you know whats up in Vegas! I definitely will be a repeat customer!
5	Can't say enough about freevegasclubpasses.com or Chris.  He completely hooked it up and was always available to answer questions.  This was my third time out to Vegas, but even so was still not competely sure the best and easiest way to get into the clubs.Best part is that it seems like Chris' main relationship is with all the clubs at the Palms which are my favorite.  There were a group of us 2M/2F and after checking in as part of Chris' list the ladies got their wristbands for free admission and 2 free drinks we went up the ghostbar with no problem.  Came back downstairs around 12am and got into Moon/Playboy extremely quickly and had an amazing time.  Just a little disappointed I was only there during the week and missed going to Rain!  But nonetheless even if those aren't your favorites, he hooks you up at other clubs as well just as easilyDon't get sucked into paying for those $80-$100 club package offers you see online like I did the first time I went to Vegas.  This was completely free if you wanted guestlist (even M-F ratio or more females than males) and I think like $1 each pass if you want them shipped to you.  Can't beat that!! And like I said before Chris answers all your questions and follows through right away.  Amazing! Totally took the hassle out of planning the night out
5	Been to Vegas for so many reasons and each time CHRIS has come through.  Whether it's to get in to RAIN, TAO or even BLUSH he has been able to hook it up.  He was able to hook me and my friends also to many strip clubs....yes you heard that right....STRIP CLUBS.   One of the best experiences I had was when I went to RAIN right before DJ AM's death and there was a huge line that looked like at least an hour wait. But since we were on the guest list it only took us like 15 minutes.  we were only 3F/3M so it wasn't like we were rolling with a bunch of females.   I will be back to Vegas very soon and will be calling on CHRIS for all his great help.  DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THE PEOPLE ON THE STREET...CALL CHRIS he will help out.
5	My friends and I went up to vegas not to long ago.  Looked up Chris and took a risk not knowing if he was legit or not.   My friends and I partied all up at the palms.  Rain, Ghostbar, Moon, and Playboy Club.  We did it all in one night!!! Why? We were on the guest list! It was great!  Please if you go to vegas get a hold of Chris and he'll hook you up!
5	Chris is FANTASTIC!!!  Without him my good friends birthday wouldn't have been as memorable!!  I've been to Vegas 3 times now and this was by far one of the best thanx to Chris!  Front of the line access and no cover for all 3 clubs at the Palms on a Friday night and we didn't get there til after midnight but had no worries cuz Chris was always quick to txt back!! And Saturday at Pure same thing cuz Chris hooked us up with Rob.  Again thanx so much Chris!   You'll be hearing from me on our next trip!!
5	Had an awesome weekend in Vegas thanks to Chris! My friends and I had a hassle free and line free time getting into Rain, Moon and XS!
5	I just got back from a weekend in vegas, using Chris' passes, and loved the entire experience.  I have had some experience in setting up passes for clubs on a small scale as a novice, so I know about all of the possible hiccups in the process.This was without a doubt the smoothest operation I have ever seen.  On the first night, I had some trouble getting into the Playboy Club, but after I texted Chris, he called me back immediately and got me into the club without delay.I can't say enough about this service.  It really is NOT a scam.  I did not have to pay Chris anything, and I got into several clubs for free (and of course my girl didn't have to pay anything)Sign up with him, you won't regret it!
5	Chris is awesome! I've used his guest list to get into the Palms clubs, Lavo and XS. Responses are quick, entry is flawless and of course, ladies get in free! He also has a very comprehensive list of nights when free drinks and other specials are offered, which helps a lot with planning. Of course, the downside is that now I'm spoiled and refuse to go to clubs when I can't get on the guest list. Somehow,  I doubt I'm missing anything!
5	I just went to Vegas for a Bachlorette Party with 14 girls and Chris was the best.  We got right into all the clubs with no lines.  Make sure your ontime though because otherwise you may have to wait in long lines.  At first I didn't think it was laggit.  But right when we got there I called him and he answered me in minutes with places to go and get VIP service.  Loved it and will definitely hook up with Chris everytime I'm in Vegas now.
5	I've relied on Chris and his company for 2 separate Vegas trips and was HIGHLY impressed each time. He has a list of clubs to choose from any night that you're in town and seamlessly gets you on the guest list and via quick and easy text messaging! His contacts at each club are always timely, courteous, and professional. Not to mention ladies are FREE!!!I highly recommend using this service to party in Vegas!!THANK YOU CHRIS!!
5	Working for a travel company, I roll through Vegas frequently and with large groups. I've been using Chris for a few years now and will never go to anyone else. I ran the gamut with Vegas club promotors, most who were shady, unprofessional and quite simply didn't really have a hold on Vegas. Chris values customer service and pays attention to detail whether you are in a group of 40 or 4. He really goes the extra mile to get you great deals and makes sure you are having an awesome time. He is constantly in the know of everything that is happening no matter what club, pool party, or casino is hosting the event, 7 days a week.  His responses to texts/phone calls are quick and he is always on it, and always fun and professional. Thanks Chris!
5	I just got back from Las Vegas last night. I have used Free Vegas Club Passes multiple times before and always had a GREAT experience. This past trip was no different! Chris is the man! We went to Ghostbar, Moon, LAX, and LAVO. Each club was a blast and we skipped the long lines. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Really amazing service. I've been going to Vegas for over 10 years and I've never had service like this for free! All I had to do was fill out the request form on the website and boom, Chris had me and my group on the exact lists I wanted. At each club we waited an average of 5 minutes until the guy carrying the clipboard came by and checked that we were on the list and escorted past the line and into the club. So easy. Chris and his connections are in constant contact throughout the time you request with updates and information on the clubs. I can't recommend this strongly enough. From now on I will ONLY use Chris and his services. Thanks again Chris for an amazing time!Vince
5	Chris was sooo helpful while I was in Vegas. I wanted to hit all the best clubs in Vegas & he help me do that on one of the busiest weekends of the year. I didn't have to pay to get into any clubs & I even got free drinks at a couple of the clubs. I went to Tao, Pure, and Ghostbar with him. He put me on the VIP list for each club. Next time I plan on going to Vegas I will for sure hit him up. He texted me everyday to let me know the deal with each club and was always very prompt when I wrote him. Thank you so much for all your help!
5	I mentioned this site to my friend and the first thing she said was "whats the catch?" I called Chris and he told me how to sign up for guest list and guess what?? IT WORKED! We went labor day weekend and had not one problem getting into the club and not to mention it was pretty quick too. we had sooooo much fun! i would recommend this site to anyone that wants to have fun in Vegas! I would describe my experience with Chris's site in just one word... AMAZING!Thank you soo much Chris! Same time next year! =)
5	I contacted Chris the week before last for Labor Day weekend help and he got 2 guys and 2 girls FREE into every club we asked for. And not only free, but we waited an average of 5 minutes until Mr. Clipboard came around and checked our name and let us right in. I was impressed. I went back to Vegas last week for 3 days and Chris did even better. I was showing some friends around Vegas for their birthdays, and Chris went out of his way to help these girls out. Getting five girls to the club early is impossible, and apparently NO CLUBS allow girls in free as late as we were showing up. But Chris worked his magic and got 5 girls and me in for free! AND on Friday night he made the impossible happen again. XS at Encore doesn't do lists cuz they don't need to. But he was able to get my 5 girls in, and the club hooked the girls up with bottle service for their birthday!I can't say enough about Chris and his service. He definitely has all the hookups in Las Vegas, and I'll never hesitate to continue calling him and referring him to others. Thanks  again Chris!!Vince
5	This service was fantastic!  We not only got right in, but were sent text messages from each of the clubs reminding us the day of.  When I texted Chris about getting a limo one night, he responded immediately, AND his driver called me within minutes.  I will recommend this to my friends and definitely use the service again.
5	Just because it sounds too good to be true doesn't mean that it is!  Chris is fantastic. I received email confirmation within minutes of my request.  By 5PM sharp on the event night I received a text message with directions for the night as promised. We had a wonderful time at Playboy with a special quest appearance by Mr. Hefner himself.  We didn't have to wait in lines and deal with the madness.  I recommend Free Vegas Club Passes to anyone that wants to enjoy Vegas nightlife.
5	This defies the adage "if it sounds too good to be true, it is." I flew out to Vega$ last Saturday evening for one night only. Found this website and signed up at 5:30 PM on Saturday b/c I thought "why not?" I received a confirmation e-mail and text by 6 PM telling me where to check in.My friend & I got to Moon at midnight and, after checking in on Chris' list, waited maybe 15 minutes, then got into Moon w/no cover charge. Stayed there for a couple of hours, then headed to Playboy .  Had a lot of fun. Granted, it seemed like a lot of people were on someone's guest list, but anytime I can get into a crowded club free of charge, I have no complaints.
5	Chris put us on the guestlist at Moon and Rain. We had no problem getting in and he was quick to respond to any questions we had that night. Had a great time in Vegas =D
5	Was in Vegas again and my group of friends all wanted to go to Tryst on after going to Moon Friday night. Chris hooked everything up and got the guys in free at Tryst! We had a great time at both clubs and it was all thanks to Chris as usual. Go to their website and get the same hookup I always do... for FREE!Vince
5	Thank you Chris for making our weekend so much dang fun! :) We LOVED being on the guest list and and you really do provide a fantastic service to Vegas Visitors. Friday night at Rain and Rev Run was HOT!!! You are so great at communication as was Darko and Kate. What a great team you all make! Big thanks to you and I will be sure and tell all my friends to contact you on their next trip. Anyone not sure if this is the real thing, it IS and absolutely made our weekend fabulous. Teresa and Tim
5	Being a club promoter myself, I understand what people are expecting when attending a club. Guests hate having to wait in long lines and they hate having to pay covers (or at least pricey ones). I was skeptical of the site at first, you hear a lot of horror stories with shady promoters or what-not in Vegas. We had a fairly large group, even amount of guys and ladies. Friday night, I picked Rain because Rev Run was spinning. Saturday night, I picked Tao because we just wanted to go, most people in our group had never been. Sunday night, I chose XS since it's the hottest club out there right now.I received my text messages each night, from either Chris or the promoter at the club we were going to. 0ver the course of the weekend, I would say that we waited no longer than 30 minutes in line. TA0 was the longest wait...15 minutes, if that. Looking at the general admission lines, that wait was nothing.All three nights, the girls were free (received drink tickets for XS & open bar for ladies at Tao) and guys cover were discounted. Even if you go through the club's guestlist on their own website (like XS), they'll make the girls pay a $20 cover on a Sunday night. Ridiculous. Chris' company is legit, if you're planning on clubbing in Vegas, make sure you hit him up. With a group of people who are familiar with the club industry, we were all very satisfied with Chris' company and services.
5	So, I was honestly a bit terrified about using this service at first. Free club passes..skipping the line... all through the internet? kind of sketch right? WRONG! Chris is AMAZING, and did some awesome work. I went down for the weekend with a group that had more guys then girls, but he still managed to put us on a list for all the clubs at the PALMS and we were able to get in everywhere with no problem. I do recommend going early though because it does get packed (especially if you have a lot of guys in your group). The next night we did pure and that was awesome as well. If you text Chris he gets back to you right away, SUCH AMAZING customer service!The following weekend a bunch of my girlfriends went to vegas, and I gave them Chris's number. They texted him, and he immediatly hooked it up for them as well in about 10 minutes.This service, the people, and everything that comes with it is absouletly amazing. I havn't seen a group of people that work harder, or are so hospitable to such a wide variety of people ever, aside from Chris and his buddies.This is probably the ONLY way to do vegas from now on. :)
4	Chris  is totally legit and delivered everything as promised. Just going with 4 stars and not 5 because you need to start at the Palms with him before you get to much better locations. Chris is fast and honest and a great guy to work with. BUT the Palms sucks big time. Jersey Shore meets East LA. way toooooo many snookis and cheesy guidos to enjoy the great clubs at the palms. if you could get the all those losers out of vegas the Palms would be awesome. take that into account, but if you are a snooki or a guido you will be 10 star stoked.
4	Definitely a wonderful service to use if you're looking to save money on the cover charge for nightclubs in Vegas. Of course, girls have it easier than guys in the sense that Chris could pretty much get the girls into any club for free. For guys, however, there's only a limited selection as far as free entry but Chris could still get reduced admission for them in most clubs :) My entry passes were shipped momentarily and the ordering service is very easy to use. Chris was quickly responsive to all my questions via text message and e-mail.Only thing I was kind of disappointed with was the "limo service" to and from the Gentlemen's club. Some of my friends and I have never been in a limo before so we were psyched when Chris told me this service was free, courtesy of the nightclub. However, when we were picked up, it wasn't a limo, just a full-sized SUV. WOW, did I feel bad for raising my friends' hopes. Additionally, I was unsure of which strip club was better than the other, so Chris recommended Crazy Horse III. I went along with his suggestion and was really disappointed with the quality of this nightclub. The strippers on stage were very lazy and unenthusiastic in their dancing and the ones roaming the floor were super drunk and clumsy. I know it wouldn't be fair to base my impression of Vegas strip clubs on this sole experience, but I hate to say that Utah strip clubs could do SO MUCH better than this particular strip club.Another aspect I want to mention is the VIP list service at Pure is just a mess. VIP service doesn't really mean you get to skip the line since there are SO MANY people on the list. Once I got to the club, the VIP line was longer than the general admissions line. It took forever to get inside through the VIP line, which might've been my fault since I arrived around 11:30/midnight-ish. But I switched over to the general admissions line and reached the front of the line WAY quicker. Just a little something to think about..Otherwise, Free Vegas Club Passes is a wonderful service , especially if you're going to Vegas with a group of girls. You'll pretty much be able to get into any club for free. Chris is quick and responsive and of course, when he isn't, he'll eventually get back to you with the overwhelming number of messages he receives during the night. My first experience using Free Vegas Club Passes wasn't overly great, but I'm hoping that it will improve since I'm returning to Vegas in 2 weeks, with ONLY girls :)
5	Chris is amazing to work with. He truly enhanced our trip by a million. He made everything so easy and was always there if I needed him. Cant wait to go back to Vegas!!
5	This is my second year in a row using free vegas club passes and once again I was very impressed. I hit Chris up the day I wanted to get out and he got me on the list for the hottest clubs that night. I will be back in Vegas next year and will be hitting this site up for passes and guest list again. And anyone I know going to Vegas to party I am giving them the site and his number.
5	Amazing service.  Our group had a great experience on the guest list.  We were in Vegas for 5 nights and used the website for the 3 nights we went out.  We went to Moon, the Bank, and XS.  Very accessible via text and email- definitely made our Vegas experience!
5	This is the ONLY way to do the clubs in Vegas.  Chris hooked us up with every club guest list we requested.  He could even handle last minute requests for the night of, and he responded to our texts right away.  We went in the VIP line with minimal wait (like 10 minutes).  In 3 of the 4 clubs (Lavo, Tao, and Tryst) not only were the ladies free, but the guys were too.  It doesn't get better than that (unless you have a rich friend with bottle service).
5	This was a great way to get into Vegas clubs without the worry. Chris was very helpful and even worked with some last minute changes our group had. Brad was also helpful and even gave our girls free drink cards at one of the clubs we were at. Thanks guys for a great weekend, we'll definitely be in touch!
5	The service from this staff is excellent!  They were very fast to respond to my inquiry e-mail and were helpful in suggesting which clubs would best suit our group of seven girls and three guys.  I was further impressed by their communication via text, giving us detailed information on everything on the day we were going to the clubs!  I love love love this group and would recommend them to all my friends!
4	Just went to Vegas the first weekend of April for my 21st birthday and used Chris's guestlist services and had an amazing time! Signed up online for free a couple months in advance and I was not forgotten about! Chris promptly texted me with the info the day of at 5:00pm just like he said he would! He happily cleared up any questions I had and was very speedy with his responses!The first night we hit playboy, moon, rain, and ghostbar which was convenient since we were staying at the Palms, and my guy friend only had to pay $40 to get into all four while me and my girl friend got in free to all of them! No waits at all except to get into Rain, which ended up being well worth the 20-30 minute or so wait, it was definitely my favorite club. Only thing I disliked was how unorganized the lines were. Everything about the Palms is fantastic except for that. At first we didn't know which line to wait in, and they all seemed about the same size and length, in fact, they weren't really lines, just mobs of people. Something the clubs definitely need to improve on.The second night we did tao at the Venetian, and Chris sent my number to the club promoter there and he too promptly texted me at 5:00pm with the info. Only had to wait about 15min to get into tao, and the lines were well organized which was nice. My girl friend and I were free and we also got free drinks at the bar from 10:30-11:30 and my guy friend got in for $30. I liked tao, but it's very crowded and dark, and I think it's a little overrated to be honest. After tao we headed over to pure at ceasar's palace to use our VIP passes that I ordered online from Chris's site. However, the bouncers at pure made us wait in the GA line which took about 15-20 min, and although we got there after midnight which meant we didn't get free admission anymore, we were still supposed to get reduced admission and they still charged us full price! Thumbs down pure. Luckily the club inside was nice, but I still think rain, moon, and ghostbar at the palms were the best. Next time I go back to vegas, I will definitely be using Chris's guestlist services again, but I'm going to skip ordering the VIP passes.Thanks again Chris for everything!
5	Truely as good as it gets for clubbing with a hook up in Las Vegas. No charge to get on the guest list, we always have ladies free and local gents free but I know that can change based on the club, night of the week, special events. We just have to arrive between a certain time and get the perks. Chris is amesome and responds right away. We were approaching the line to get our passes at the palms and there was a guy standing next to booth texting away on his cell, I told me fiance that has to be him, and it was. Great guy! So glad I found this promotor, wish I would have known 6 years ago when I turned 21! Palms is the best for great dinner and great clubs...Oh yeah check out Moon and take the escalator that is inside the club up to Playboy. No lines/Cover to chill out at Playboy if you go via the escalator!N9NE is delicious and not your normal restuarant atmosphere, feels like a lounge with hot music playing and excellent food. Server was awesome and comped us and himself a shot to cheers to for being in the industry. Great Night! Free Vegas Club Passes is for REAL!
5	HE IS THE BEST HOOK UP IN TOWN!!!!! Hands down.  I go to Vegas a lot and ALWAYS use he's services. I'm never disappointed.  Ladies, you definitely need to hit him up if you want the VIP treatment.  I didn't get paid to write this.  I'm just a satisfied and grateful customer :D
5	This is the best and most efficient way for girls to get free entry into hot clubs. Chris Hornak is great at keeping in touch with you throughout the entire weekend. You know whats up before you head out for the evening and it is easy to get in once you get to the club. We went to Moon, Rain and Ghostbar one night and did not have to wait in line and had no problems. The free admission into the clubs was awesome.  Chris is always available if you have questions. The rest of the weekend I got texts from promoters from the clubs I wanted to go to and everything was taken care of. I would recommend this service for a fun weekend in Vegas with no hassles.
5	OMG I will never wait in a line again. I have used other promoters before they promise the world and your luck if you even get in. NOT these guys Chris took great care of us all I did was walk up and say his name and me and my friend got right in no line no cover. We bounced around the Palms and a few other clubs last weekend. I loved the text updates and the email gave some much more info about other events going on that we could get on the list for. Your great Chris I will always hit you up before heading out to Las Vegas!
4	This guy seems too good to be true the first time!Putting our name on Chris's list to get in FREE and FAST?  I was definitely a skeptic.  I scoured through his Yelp reviews, read every comment on his Facebook page and search the internet for days looking for a catch or false advertising claim...and I couldn't find anything.I was bringing a group of 11 girls to Vegas for my sister's bachelorette weekend and we wanted to get into the clubs without having to wait in line or pay a cover...and Chris's Free Vegas Club Passes helped us do it.The first night, we went to Moon and Playboy at the Palms.  He texted me around 5pm and told us when to get there.  We just walked right up, said we were on Chris Hornack's list and they checked us in.  No cover, no waiting...awesome.The second night, we headed to Tryst at the Wynn and had the same good experience.  It was a little harder to flag down the guy with the clipboard (with so many people trying to palm him money to skip the line).  Once we got his attention, we said we were on the list and he let the whole group in...even our one dude didn't have to pay!Having never been to Vegas clubs before, I didn't know what to expect.  I heard rumors of long waits and high covers, so signing up with Chris seemed like the smart thing to do.  I really can't understand why all those other people standing in line didn't do the same....Thanks Chris!
5	Our group was back in Vegas for MDW and I checked FVCP website to see if any clubs would be doing GL's for this busy weekend. The website was kept up to date very well, so I decided to send in my requests for the weekend. Our weekend went as follows: Friday night: Playboy Club & Moon w/Tinie Tempah performing, Saturday night: Tryst w/DJ Spider, Sunday night: XS (bought pre-sale tix for DeadMau5), Monday night: Marquee w/RedFoo from LMFAO & DJ Chuckie. Every night I received a confirmation text as to which club we were on the GL for and what time the doors opened, so we could arrive within a timely manner to get in.MDW is the second busiest weekend out there. Even with that, with using Chris' company...guys only had to pay $35 on cover for the ENTIRE weekend. The doorman at Marquee comped our guys, which was amazing to me. I didn't think that any guys got into any Vegas clubs for free. And the girls got free drinks at the clubs as well. Again, Chris hooked it up...and on a crazy, busy, celebrity filled weekend. I cannot stress enough still, if you're going to Vegas and want to go to clubs, make sure you use this company!
5	Excellent service.  Received the passes in the mail promptly, no complaints at all.  Would definitely use this again.  Thank you!
5	Chris and his team are awesome.  My girls and I had an amazing time in Vegas this past weekend.  Free entry and line skip at Marquee on Friday and free entry and free drink at Haze on Saturday... where Lloyd was performing!!! :DI always have an amazing time when I go to Vegas, and it's all due to Free Vegas Club Passes.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	I've used Chris's services twice now, once during MLK weekend and the second time this past weekend. As promised a timely txt of details for when and where to be to enter the club was sent in plenty of time and he was also very promt at answering any questions I emailed him. If you look on the website early enough you can acutlaly have passes to clubs mailed to your home but look early because they do run out! the other option is to use the "VIP guestlist" which is great except that it requires you hit up atleast one of The Palms clubs your first night. These arent terrible clubs but they aren't great enough to go out of my way to them if I wasn't staying at the Palms.Regardless I will DEFINITELY be using this service everytime I go to vegas.
5	This service is awesome, particularly if you are here for a bachelorette party or a group consisting mainly of girls. They helped hook us up basically with free entertainment during the whole weekend. I was pretty skeptical at first, but you basically walk up to the front, give them Chris' name that you are on his guest list and you walk right through, very little waiting time in the lines and no cover charge! In addition to getting in to Liquid Pool at Aria, Tryst and any of the Palms clubs (we went to Playboy and Moon), he also texted us with offers to put us on the guest list for other clubs as well (Marquee and XS). Just make sure that you go to one of the Palms clubs the first night and then they will hook you up with just about any other club the other nights. They have kind of an early check in curfew, but when we got the text, they allowed us to check in by midnight instead of the 10:30 time I was originally given, so that worked out really well!Definitely worth using if you are mostly females because you save so much money! If you are a group of mainly guys, I think getting VIP passes will help reduce your cover, but unfortunately you can't get it for free like us females.
5	This service is awesome. Chris never disappoints. It seems to good to be true but it is not. I have used the service at least 3 times and it always works as indicated. Chris is prompt at following up and retuning messages.Thanks!
5	Wow! I cannot say enough good things about Chris Hornak! I spent 6 days in Vegas with the bestie, hit up the Vegas scene 5 of those days and was hooked up the whole way! Even getting into the clubs on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday went off without a hitch. We figured this would be the REAL test and he passed with flying colors. Oh and don't think these were little unknown clubs either! We ended up at the Bank, Tryst, Lavo, the Cathouse, the Ghostbar, and Moon. We even got hooked up to an afterhours club on Saturday/Sunday but we were pooped and had to come back that same day. I would definitely recommend this service to anyone. So go to the site, fill out the form, and Chris is really good about responding back usually by 4p of the day your requesting. We were skeptics at first but we soon realized this is REAL!As a side note, there were little incentives along the way that we were able to benefit from such as open bar and free shots.
5	I must say, Chris Hornak really knows how to upgrade a Vegas experience to the fullest. I've been to Vegas more times than I can count and never have I had such a seemless entry into the nightclubs. It seemed too good to be true but once the end of my 6 night stay approached I was a believer. Basically, fill out the request form on the website. There are plenty of HOTT clubs to pick from for any night of the week. Chris Hornak will e-mail and text a confirmation. He will text you on the evening of the club night with details on arrival time and location. Chris and other promoter friends are great at corresponding via text and making you feel VIP.Lastly, there are some perks as well...free drinks and open bars, depending on what clubs.Clubs I went to: Moon, Ghostbar, Lavo, Cathouse, Bank, Tryst. GOOD TIMES!!!!
5	Free entry and free drinks.My friend and I wanted to go to the Palms Masquerade party and signing up online through the palms site seemed iffy. I got a response 3 days before the event and that was just too late especially if you've spent time and effort in getting costumes together. One girl told me that they sometimes let people know 1 day in advance. Why so late?Well, Chris got back to us the next day- he put us on the guestlist and that was that.  We also signed up for some other clubs online. Since we forgot to write down which ones, Chris did text us back the day of to remind us. With the masquerade thing, it got too crazy so Chris organized it so that we got hard tickets (pick up the same day). I think it's reduced entry for guys but tickets were about $150?!For each of the clubs, Bank, Marquee, Jet, XS, and of course, all the ones at Palms, we only needed to mention Chris' name for quick and hassle free entry. Most of those clubs provided free drinks for ladies until midnight so that was a perk. I'm not sure about the other clubs but while we were at the Mirage pool, my friend was approached by a promoter who put us on the guestlist for Pure and while we were at Wynn (enroute to the buffet), we were put on the guestlist for Blush. Definitely contact Chris if you want to party instead of waiting in lines.
5	I always stated that CHRIS HORNAK is the man!!Because through him, I've been in several nightclubs and, which is best: no hassles or waiting on line for soo long... I've been in Pure, XS, Blush, LAX and JET... The only thing that you have to do is go straight to his website and fill a very simple form (dates, Male/Female, phone #) and you'll ready to go: the only thing that you have to do on the first night is to visit any club from Palms, such as Moon, Rain, Playboy or Ghostbar...So, I will going to doing the same again, because I always have a great time...
3	Hate to say it, but Free Vegas Club Passes didn't exactly deliver as I had hoped during my girls weekend in Vegas. Now, we did plan our trip during one of the busiest weekends of the year, Labor Day weekend. That said, I booked my schedule more than a month in advance on Chris' website. Since you are required to party at the Palms on the first night, I signed us up for Rain and Moon for Friday. I also selected Tryst for Saturday and XS for Sunday. I knew that these clubs were among the most popular but they were listed as options at the time and I received a confirmation shortly after submitting my request. The confirmation did state that the info might change but I didn't hear anything in the following days that would indicate that it had. One week before the trip, I received emails that said the lists for Tryst and XS had been canceled, and we were now on a list for Cathouse at the Luxor for both of those nights. I appreciated the back-up plan, but we already had our hearts set on the other clubs, not to mention dinner reservations at the Wynn for Saturday night since we thought it was where we were going to party later in the evening.Since there was no way in hell I was going to let my girls down, I quickly contacted another friend who was going on the trip to explain the situation. She worked her own contacts and got us on VIP lists for Tryst and XS on the same nights we originally wanted. We did stick with our Friday night plans regardless and went to Rain since DJ Pauly D was spinning. It was a GREAT time.So will I use the service again or recommend it to friends? Perhaps. Probably. On non-holiday weekends, it's probably a great service. But I'd definitely be wary that things may not work out, so I'd probably come up with my own back-up plan just in case.
5	I spent my b day weekend in vegas for a budget trip. I happened to be there during a big fight with Mayweather n Ortiz. With the reliable help of my fellow yelpers I used the Chris Hornick website n wasn't disappointed. My friends and I we're able to successfully get on several guest lists with no cover.  We had to pay a cover for the celebrity sponsored parties with P. Diddy and Lil Wayne so of course we didn't go. Lol. I would definitely recommend his site when visiting vegas. He texted me reminders of the guest lists we were on for the day.
5	Chris rocks! I went to LV with a bunch of girls for my friend's bachelorette party back in late April. We felt special.. no lines, no waiting, free drink tickets.. Effortless on our part. Will definitely text Chris again next time I'm around. I definitely recommend using his services. Just show up when you are supposed to and you are golden!
5	I LOVE CHRIS!!! i have his number saved in my phone for every time i am in vegas. He really hooked me and my girls up. We never had to pay to get into a club which was fantastic and we always skipped the long lines for the "normal people" =) ... dont be hesitant to put your info in the website its not a scam, I PROMISE! the first night you have to party at the palms, but then the rest of the time chris has plenty of hookups at the rest of the clubs. One thing i would like to request from chris is he ever reads this.. wheres the hookup for rehab at the hard rock, chris??????????using his website=money and time saved=happy wallet=more money for drinks=a fabulous time!
5	Absolutely amazing!! We were there for the weekend for my birthday and we wanted to see as much as we could and what vegas trip is complete without clubs? We did all 4 Palms clubs the first night and Pure the second night! We were on the list and went straight in! No waiting at the Palms but a bit of a wait at PURE because is was so packed. Overall, a great experience and will DEFINITELY use this again!
5	I'm still buzzing from my last week in Vegas, first time for me being 21 and it was amazing! Waltzing past the lines, the Palms was pretty slow on the night we went...Tuesday. But it was a fun atmosphere at Moon so I'm sure it's good on other days. We even got free champagne.    We also got into Pure, the line was so long, we just walked up and again we were in!Haze was a little more confusing, it was a night where Ne-Yo was performing and everyone seemed to be on some type of "guest-list". There were so many lines that were really just mobs of people, but once we got in the right one we were treated nicely and given free drink passes.        The texts were so helpful, in case we were nervous, we always had that confirmation. After figuring out Ne-yo was gonna be in town in two days, we switched our Tao guest list to Haze with no problems from Chris. It's amazing how fast we got responses and how he accommodated us even when we changed our minds. Thanks so much Chris, this felt much more legit that the ticket hawkers on the corners of Las Vegas...felt like a true VIP. It's definitely great to be a woman in Vegas!!!
5	We having been using Chris for all of our Las Vegas trips :) Who wants to wait in lines when Chris can make you a VIP ? Thanks Chris for always making our Las Vegas trips memorable ! HeidiMichelleExquisiteTravel
5	Chris is the shit!!!!!!!! We hit up all the clubs at the palms, moon and rain were the best. We then walked right into tryst with a group of 8. Had a great time will always use his service when in vegas.
5	I just wanted to say how fabulous Chris Hornak is!!! My bestie and I decided to go Las Vegas during a 3 day weekend and had an amazing time there thanks to him.  Friday night, our first night, we went to the Palms as requested.  I forgot how much I like the Palms as it has been a long time since I have been there.  It was free to get in all of the clubs and the wait to get in was not that long.  We went to Rain, Playboy Club, and Moon.  We had so much fun at all three clubs.  On Saturday we decided to go to Tao at the Venetian.  Chris hooked us up with their promoter, Darko.  We didn't have to pay to get in.  The wait was not that long either. Ladies drink free from 10:30-11:30 p.m. which was great. The dance floor was pretty packed but we had a blast dancing and drinking. Afterwards, we decided to go back to the Palms and chill out at the Playboy Club.  All I had to do was text Chris and we were able to go back, with another friend joining us, with no issues or problems!   For our last night on Sunday, we went to Koi at Planet Hollywood.  Again, it was free to get in and free drinks for the ladies from 10:30 p.m.-12:00 a.m.  The drinks were probably the strongest here. The atmosphere was nice and pretty chill as compared to the two nights before.      What I love about Chris is that he responds to texts and calls right away.  He is very professional, honest, and friendly. I HIGHLY recommend contacting him when in Las Vegas.  I know I will be next time I am there!
5	Just got back from a 3-day weekend in Vegas, and I have to say-- I was skeptical this would work, but this service (and Chris) are actually legit.  I have Club Anxiety (the fear of long lines, expensive cover and drinks, and bouncer rejection), so instead of just waiting in line for clubs or paying for club passes from street promoters, Fiance and I decided to do a little online research before heading out to Vegas this time around.  I found Chris' web site (and it was actually the only promoter web site and/or blog I found...wouldn't you think more of these guys would be smart enough to do this by now?), which has a ton of info an answers a lot of questions if you're a Vegas nightlife neophyte.We went to Rain the first night, since we had already been to Moon/Playboy on previous trips (though we still love Moon!).  All I had to do was mention that I was on Chris' list and the gals at the check-in desk looked me up and gave both me and my fiance a free pass.  The confirmation text I got from Chris that day also said that ladies get free champagne from 11pm-12pm that night, and so I asked the bartender about it once I got in...sure enough, free champagne for me, and since I had the inside info from Chris and no one else seemed to know about/be drinking the free champagne, the bartenders let me have it past 12, so I drank for free all night. :) Next night we went to XS at the Encore, and again, no issues at all-- Chris had put me on a partner's promoter list, and my Fiance and I had no issues at all getting in, him for a $20 cover and me free (plus two drink tickets for me!).Chris was awesome with the communication-- got a confirmation e-mail as soon as I signed up, plus confirmation texts by 5pm each day with all of the detailed instructions about how to get in.Never, ever going to just go to a club again without at least texting this guy.  I'm back in Vegas in May for my bachelorette and will be looking him up for sure.  Thanks, Chris!
5	Thank you Chris for getting us in Palms clubs, we had a great time!
5	Love how much Chris Hornak took care of my freinds and I. Very quick responses to my Text, Email, Phone I would not go to Vegas again without the awesome services provided by Chris. Look forwarded to partying it up in Vegas again real soon.
5	awesome to get in the clubs for free!!! saved me a ton of money :)
5	Just got back from my Bachelor Party in Vegas this past weekend and OMG!!! it was OFF THE HOOK!! Chris from Free Vegas hooked us up Thursday night with free passes to the Palms clubs which included Ghost bar, Moonlight, my favorite Playboy club!...then he had a party bus pick us up from Palms and take us to Sapphire's where we had a great time there as well. Chris was very informative and was prompt in returning text and emails. He even had a Host from Pure nightclub contact me to set up VIP, but i choose another due to him not being prompt. Overall I will use this service again!...thanks Chris for the Greatest time a Groom could have!!
5	I ended up getting on the guestlist for 4 different clubs thanks to Chris Hornak. The first night, I received all access to 3 nightlife spots in the Palms. Free for myself and my guy, plus 2 free drinks for me! Virtually no wait either!The second day, we visited both Ghostbar Dayclub and LAX. Sadly, the text said free champagne for ladies at GBDC, but that didn't end up happening. I did get free champagne at LAX though.The third night, we visited The Bank. Free for me, $20 cover for my guy. The best part  was the unexpected open Skyy bar until 12!I would have to say Chris Hornak was the most reliable promoter! He was able to give me recommendations for clubs that I may like and sent both a confirmation email immediately after and a text the day of the parties. Highly Recommended!
3	Before Vegas: I contacted Chris and told him that I was going out on a Thursday night with 5 other girls for my bachelorette party. I sent him a short list of about 4 clubs that I was interested in, and let him know that we might want to end the night at strip club. He promptly replied saying that we were required to go to only the Palms' clubs our "first" night if we were going to try to use his services, and he also suggested Olympic Garden for the strip club (has both male & female dancers). Well, our "first" night was really going to be our only night for my bachelorette party, so we agreed to stick with the Palms.Chris's website also has an application form for free bottle service for groups of girls, so I went through it the application process and submitted my Facebook profile. The Facebook profile goes through Ghostbar & Moon's club management (they pretty much decide whether or not you're attractive enough), and about 30% of the applications get approved. My app did end up getting approved for bottle service, and Chris told me that we would most likely get a bottle of Skyy. Eh not a bottle I would choose, but I can't complain about free liquor! At least it'll give our group of girls a buzz before we have to buy drinks.During Vegas: We arrived at the entrance of Moon about 15 minutes before our bottle service reservation time. There was no line whatsoever. Someone dropped the ball, and my name wasn't on the list, so I had to text Chris. Coincidentally, he just happened to be walking up right as I was texting him. He cleared up the mix-up, but told us that Moon wasn't open yet and walked us over to Ghostbar. Again, there was absolutely no one in line which I thought was a bit odd for 11pm. None of the girls paid cover and we got to all skip the non-existent line. When we got up there, the place was maaaybe 1/5th full. The view from 55 stories up was cool, but it didn't make up for our tiny $16 vodka redbulls. I mean, this was seriously the tiniest drink I've ever been poured. The glass probably held 4 or 5oz, and there was maybe 1 shot of well vodka in there. Strike 1.After we finished our drinks, we went back to Moon, stood around for 10 or 15 minutes, and then we were finally sat. Remember that bottle of Skyy that was mentioned eariler in the review? Like the lines for the clubs, that was non-existent as well. I asked our waitress about it, and she said that they NEVER comped Skyy and we were put down for a comp bottle of champagne. Champagne? It's the night of my bachelorette party and I have a total of 6 girls to get drunk! Not to sound like a snob, but that bottle of bubbly wasn't going to cut it. I texted Chris about the "mix up," and he said that he'd buy us a round of drinks when he saw us. Of course, we never ran into him again though. We were required to tip the waitress at least $50 for the champagne (it tasted like it was worth oh, about $2) which we all downed in a matter of seconds. Strike 2.Thank goodness one of the girls that I was with saved the night by throwing down and ordering the first bottle of liquor. We ended up spending a shit ton on other various drinks and shots, so of course, we ultimately had a blast at Moon. The place filled up quickly after we got there, service was great, and most importantly, we ended up getting duhhruunnkk (off of purchased drinks/shots/liquor bottle, not crappy champagne). We were ready to go by around 2:30am, and I texted Chris for the limo to Olympic Garden (OG). He said in his text that the limo would take us to OG and back to our hotel at the end of the night when we were done. He also informed us that the male revue had already ended, but we could still go to see girls if we wanted. This being my only night set aside for bachelorette things, I let him know that we were up for it even though it was just girls. Bad call. I guess the "rave" reviews (on Chris's site) for OG were for the male dancers, because this was the most boring strip club I've ever been to by a long shot. Sure, there were lots of girls working, but not a single one of them was over a 6 (and trust me, I've been to clubs where I thought that LOTS of girls were attractive). Anyway, we paid our $25 each for cover and 2 drinks and just kind of rode it out until one of the girls literally fell asleep from being so bored.Time to call that limo driver back, right?...well we tried to at least. Even though I tipped the driver fat when he dropped us off, he ended up texting us to say that Chris himself had to get ahold of the driver in order for us to get a ride back to the hotel. By that time, it was already around 4:00am. Chris was already off work/asleep, so of cooouuurse we never got ahold of him for the rest of that night. Time to hail a cab. Strike 3.This service attempts to follow through with their promises, but attempting just isn't enough. Sure, you get a few small freebees, but just don't expect to get a whole lot out of it.
5	Had an amazing weekend with my friends thanks to Chris.  Went to Rain the first night without any problems at all.  Even saw Kelis perform "My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard" :D Total surprise there.  . Second night went to Tryst, same thing, partied like a rockstar *don't really remember that night*.  Would NOT have had such an amazing night if it wasn't for this awesome service.  Thanks Chris from me and my friends!
5	Got on guest list for Ditch Friday @ The Palms last Friday. This was my first time using this service....AMAZING. It really was free...Chris texted a confirmation when I first signed up and then again the night before the event. Walked right up to the entrance, mentioned that we were on Chris Hornack's list and they said "perfect" and let us right in without a wait. We felt like VIP. Us three girls had a great time at Ditch. I will never go to vegas w/o using this service. Ever. Best promoter hands down!!!!!!! THANK YOU CHRIS! :)
5	Wow - I was totally impressed with Chris and his crew. We got in everywhere we wanted to go - communication was easy and fast. My cousin and I had a GREAT time at the Palms and Foundation Room. I'm sure I'll make my way back to Sin City and will definitely hit up Chris and his team before I go. Thanks guys!!!!!
5	So, say you are acting a drunk fool in Vegas and leave your phone on the shuttle to the male strip club.  You wake up phoneless the next day feeling hungover, upset, convinced the phone is gone for good, and thinking of the $600 you will have to shell out to get a new phone since you aren't due for an upgrade yet.  You are *this* close to remotely wiping the data from your phone, since the 'Find your iPhone' App isn't picking up a location.  Then your friend suggests a last ditch effort, and texts Chris to ask about said lost phone.  And suddenly, WITHIN MINUTES, you are informed that your phone has been found and you can pick it up anytime.  A Vegas miracle!!!  Eternally thankful for this above and beyond service.  Also, we went to PURE the next night, got in free and managed to get one free drink out of the deal with Chris's VIP list.  This service is totally legit, no strings attached.  Definitely recommend if you want to go to the clubs.  Thank you again!!!
5	Chris saved us from the long lines of uncertainities and the big bucks that we usually drain down for club entries in Vegas and all this for FREE!! As this was our first time through vegasfreeclubpasses, we were initially skeptical about how it works. But once we gave Chris's name in the first club we saw how awesome this was! At the mention of Chris' name we got immediate entry to the clubs without any hassle and we felt like a VIP for a change!! This is how it works : 1. Free register in http://www.freevegasclubpasses.com/free-guestlist-vegas-clubs/   giving your contact info and planned schedule2. Receive immediate confirmation from Chris through mail.3. Receive text from Chris on the scheduled day with all details 4. At the club, say you are on Chris Hornak's guest list and voila!! Get entry to the club straight!5. Note : Required to go to only Palms' clubs the first night to use his services, which includes clubs like Moon and Rain, which are both awesome!! So nothing to lose here.On our first Friday night we visited Moon at the Palms, great music and view from the terrace was terrific.Had fun fun time!On Saturday noon we headed to the pool party at the Palms. The guestlist was valid till 4pm.Ohh what an unforgettable crazyy day!!! In the night we decided to head to Tao, which wasnt in Chris' list. So we didn't contact him and had to pay usual entry to Tao. Sad we didn't know Chris could get us in to Tao through a partner's promoter list.  We missed it!! Next time will definitely keep Chris in mind!  After Tao we headed to the strip club Sapphire by hiring own cab. On reaching there, we gave Chris' name at the door as Sapphire was listed in Chris' mail.  But surprisingly it didn't work. This offer was valid only with the limo service which was not specifically mentioned in the mail!! Hence they refused to let us in free. Note this works only if you come by the assigned limo. We were suppposed to setup a pickup for Sapphire by texting thirty minutes before to be picked up by limo. HELL, WAT A BUMMER!! We could have got a free limo ride and free entry too to Sapphire, sadly we didn't know and instead paid for cab and entry too!! Maybe better luck next time!! PROS: 1. Easy to register and very prompt, professional service.2. Save bucks for clubs entries3. Immediate entry to club without standing in line4. Gives free entries to best dance clubs like Pure and XS, pool parties, strip clubs, free bottle services, and limo picks for various offers!! 4. If any issues, call Chris and he is always there to take care of everything. Responds to texts and calls right awayCON :1. PLEASE NOTE : Getting in to any strip clubs in Chris' list requires prior booking a limo by texting, as this offer is VALID WITH LIMO SERVICE ONLY!!!!! If to go by your own car/cab wont get free admission to club!!  This should have been specifically mentioned by Chris on the mail, which he missed.2. Chris is available only till 2am, so couldnt contact him when we needed to ask him about entry to Sapphire late at night! This was a minor setback.Neways, we were still happy that as we saved quite some bucks at the pool party and Moon club entry. More than I could have asked for the first time!  Have Chris' number saved in my phone for every time i am in Vegas. I suggest to all my friends i know!
5	Thank you,My husband and I had a great time in Vegas thanks to Chris.
5	O.k. I have to admit that I was skeptical, but I have to say that I was very pleased with the service Chris provided. My girlfriends and I went up for our 40th birthdays. We set up the itinerary to goto a different club each night (3 total). Each day I received a text with the time and extra details to be at the club. We all got in free, no waiting in line and even received free drinks all 3 nights! You definitely have to arrive early on Friday & Saturday nights or you will have to wait a little bit because there are a bunch of other girls trying to get in free as well. I will recommend this to anyone I can. Thanks Chris!!
5	a day or two before we went to vegas for my birthday me and my friends were a bit intimated and decided we should see if this chris guy works,,,,,,well it did and it was awsome not even the guys had to pay and we got free drinks and free entries:) we saved so much money$$$$$almost didnt spend crap best time i ever had! and it was my first time in vegas.
5	I've been very happy with my last two Vegas trips.  Back in February Chris hooked us 6 girls up with free entrance, drinks, and got us to the front of the line at the Ghostbar day club.  It was one of my favorite Vegas experiences for sure.  Me, 6 of my girls, and 2 guy friends just came back from Vegas after 5 days and 4 nights.  I used the website and Chris hooked us up the entire time.  As required we started at Palms nightclubs Thursday.  Loved dancing on the patio overlooking VegasFriday we pretty much walked right in to the pool party at the Palms and had an amazing time. We went to The Bank Friday and Pure Saturday.  We were on the guest list for XS last night but were too partied out.  Everything was perfect and Chris text me everyday with basic info for the night.  At one point we were running late and he text me some advice and got us on a second list just in case.  He also modified my online reservation when two other guy friends decided they wanted in.  Very good overall experience now time to detox! :-)
5	Chris is legit.  We only had ladies in our group and we never waited in a line and never paid a dime.  Oh, and I loved the free drinks at Ghostbar, especially considering club drink prices.  Chris made my first visit to Vegas easy and amazing, I highly reccomend.
5	Chris was the best, he text me in the afternoon of the hottest spot to go. If I decided I wanted to switch it up he had no problem. He was legit and came through every time. He got my friends and I in to a party hosted by Jermaine Dupri. I was afraid we wouldn't get in and I have them his name and had no problem. He also got us right into the busy Palm Pool Saturdays. I booked a party crawl with a groupon for $40. It was the worst time and unorganized. I had a better time going to the parties that Chris got us in for FREE! It's no scam folks
5	There is really not better way to experience the Vegas club scene other than to use freevegasclubpasses.com Chris is super reliable and great at immediate communication for questions and is super flexible, we were able to sign up for guest lists until 8pm the night of! Each day I received a text to confirm my plans for the night with clear details. We got into some of the hottest clubs in Vegas including Aria's Liquid Day club, Wet Republic, Pure, and Moon. We got into each venue with little to no wait time and at some of them received free drinks for being on Chris's guest list. This is a legit service and there are no strings attached. Sign up, and enjoy Las Vegas the way is was meant to be enjoyed, VIP style!
5	I am a huge skeptic when it comes to promotion groups in Las Vegas. I started looking for contacts 2 months prior to my trip and ended up contacting several different people going up the chain and emailing between promotion group managers. Everyone wanted money up front, or at least a credit card and a contract. I didn't feel comfortable doing this because when you have a large group of people, things often change. None of the people I spoke with were as reliable, easy going and communicative as Chris Hornack.My group consisted of 6 guys and 3 girls. I knew getting a booth everywhere would be expensive and that where ever we decided to go, whether it was a night or a day party, our ratio would hurt our chances of discounted admissions and getting past the heavy lines. Enter: Chris! Before I left for Vegas I had texted Chris and given him a list of places and parties my group wanted to attend. We arrived at McCarran Friday morning and went straight to the Palms for Ditch Fridays. Line was long and entrance fee was pricey, but as soon as I told the guys by the ropes we were on Chris' guest list, we were pulled to the front and walked right in. Girls got in free of charge, guys were $20. Pool was packed, but by some miracle I met a nice group of guys that had snatched 4 lounge chairs and let me use 2 of theirs! Jazzy Jeff was on the decks that afternoon and by 3pm this place was bananas! Thank you Chris!  .Same day, for the night party, we booked a table at Rain. I originally had a booking with Ghost Bar, but Chris offered a "buy one/get one" deal on the bottle svc, and when you have 9 people in your group it simply isn't something you can pass up. We arrived @ the ropes around 11:30and got in immediately without a problem. Even the part of the group that was late walked in without a hassle. It was my brothers 22nd birthday and I needed this night to go without a hitch. It did. Again, thank you Chris!  Following night Jermaine Dupree was DJ-ing at Tryst and I had Chris put our names on the guest list. We got to the club a bit late and the line was enormous. I found the guy dealing with the VIP bookings and although we didn't have bottle service that night, I told him we were on Chris's guest list, gave him $20 and the entire group of nine was walked to the front of the club. Only two of our 6 guys paid cover. Girls were of course free. AWESOME!Overall, my experience with Chris was outstanding. I would recommend his service to anyone looking for a reliable individual that can provide a solid hookup for Vegas parties.  If it's a party he can't book for you, he will find someone that can. My experience was outstanding and I hope you take a chance and book with Chris so that your Vegas vacation can be hassle free!
5	Ok I'm so late on this review but when service is great it's never to late! This review is based on my visit oct 2010 and I'm heading back this oct 2012 and will defiantly be using Chris and his great service.Me and my girlfriend headed down to LV for my birthday I searched for promoters and came across Chris and free Vegas club passes I got an immediate response and was taken care of from their on out. I'm a new York city girl and being able to party harder than in NY is very hard but Chris and his team made that all possible and one of my best birthdays ever. As most know you have to hit up the palms the first night which we did we hit all of them that night the next night Friday we hit rain it was bananas and to find out we had V.I.P wristbands that had us upstairs looking down on all the fun while rocking out to Jermaine Dupree as the DJ for the night so cool. Unfortunately I got so hammered on Friday I never made it out for sat but thanks Chris and I will be hitting you up next week to get ready for my birthday once again:) Chris is the truth and the best and safest way to do Vegas up;)
5	I signed up for this on the web two days before leaving for Vegas without expecting much!On Thursday night I received an email with all the events (pool parties, clubs, and even strip clubs) and venues I should check out once in Vegas. The service was extremely helpful when you're in Vegas. They give you all the options available for each night as well as the cover charge you should expect (if any) at each location. Of the 5 nightclubs we visited, we only paid for 2 and the most was $20.On Friday, Rain at the Palms was a big hit (no cover charge before midnight). Just walk to the promoters table and we were handed tickets. (It is a good idea to go a bit early to pick up the tickets even tho the club does not open until 11pm)  Saturday Tryst and XS were suggested. XS was free but not Tryst because Germaine Dupri was DJing. Pool parties at Palms on Sat and Wet Republic at MGM (Sunday) were reduced cover charge for gents (Of course free for the ladies). Overall, Free Vegas Club Passes was very helpful and worth a try if you're visiting Vegas. I never met  the Chris guy but I gotta say he is a fast texter! You can expect instant reply within mins after texting him,Thanks for a great experience in Vegas! I ll def recommend their service, it is free and worth the try.
5	Amazing! I was skeptical at first of course but Chris hornak's lists were amazing!  All came through as promised and more. I will never go to Vegas without using his FREE services again! Made my trip the time of my life. I have been many times and this was the best trip ever! Thank you so much to Chris and his team!
5	I contacted Chris a week before my trip to vegas. He was prompt, attentive, and helpful. I received my guest list information by 4:30 each night. When I arrived to Pure on friday night, we only waited about 10-15 minutes and had open bar for 1 1/2 hours! I will definitely be using this service again! Thanks Chris for ensuring I had a great time in Vegas!
5	OK where do I begin.... This past weekend was Mexican Independence weekend and the big fights in Vegas, my hubby & I went up with 6 other friends to watch the Canelo vs Lopez fight, so I turned to yelp to find some hot spots to hit up after the fight, I always search by highest rating first and at the top of the list was Free Vegas Club Passes, I thought to myself hmmmm yeah right nothing is free! but 5 stars wow let's check these reviews out... as I scrolled down everyone seemed so please I would have been a fool to pass this up :) so I clicked on the link, registered, and within minutes I was contacted and given the run down of the weekends events! All I had to do was tell Chris which ones I wanted to attend. Here is the run down of our weekend picks Friday 09/14: PURE (Caesar's Palace)Ladies free. Gents reduced; $20Free Vodka drinks for Ladies before 12am.General admission line skip.Arrive 10:30pm-12am.Ideal arrival time is 10:30pm.Average wait time is 8 minutes/ we waited no more then 5!  We arrived Friday evening got ready and headed out to PURE when we first got there the line was huge I thought to myself EEKKK! let's try this and see what happens I went up to one of the gentleman at the ropes and said "Hi! My guest and I are on Chris's list" he said Go ahead and wait right over there (It was a separate line)  they greeted us looked up my name and checked us in right away!  I felt so bad for the Bride to be and her friends in the long line next to us they had been waiting 40mins lol   PURE is a beautiful club! beautiful people, awesome music, and its huge!  Saturday 09/15: LAX (Luxor) Canelo Alvarez Official Post-Fight Party Ladies free. Gents $10Free vodka for Ladies till 12am.General admission line skip.Arrive 10:30pm-12am.Ideal arrival time is 10:30pm.Average wait time is 5 minutes.Fun crowd! it was on and poppin in there, great music, great club! We had no problem whatsoever getting into these clubs there was 8 of us 4 girls 4 guys  Chris is the real deal! The epitome of a Professional & First class act.  I will never go to Vegas again without hitting him up!!
5	Got us in to the clubs we wanted to go for free, no waiting. I was skeptical like everyone else but it worked! My friends and I had a blast at Pure, Rehab Pool Party, and they also went to Ghostbar (I skipped that one). We'll definitely do this again...
4	What I liked about this service was the constant communication. Once I added Chris's number on my phone, I received daily texts every day we were in Vegas (texts on confirmation, change of plans, new additions for that night).  We texted back and forth regarding bottle service and pool party deals etc.. It was like having your own personal party butler.One thing I wish I knew, these entries to the "good clubs" are only good if you arrive early.  I wish he had specified the time exactly when clubs stop being free. With a group of girls (as you know), it's not always easy to get out on time. One of our nights, we got to Tryst at 1am and were asked to pay $20. We took a cab back to the Palms and partied over there for free. So timing should always be taken in consideration.Did i mention it's all free. You just gotta sign up before you go.
5	Chris was very prompt and professional in all his communications.  I couldn't have expected better service.  We were a group of 4 girls and 2 guys, and the guys ended up paying half price for their entries.  With the option I chose, we had to go to a sponsored club (Moon), before we can get into a better club (I think that the guys only still had to pay half off.  Anyways, I'd use this service again.
5	Chris was awesome, and definitely made our clubbing experience a blast!Even with constant changes, he would always immediately confirm our spots on the guest lists.We saved over $100 for our group - 3 guys, 2 girls - at Palms (free entry for everyone at Ghostbar and reduced cover for guys - free for girls - at Rain), and he hooked us up with a free limo ride the next night.I highly recommend getting on Chris' guest list - very professional, prompt, and you can save your money for drinks/gambling :)
5	Sounds too good to be true, but Chris Awesome! Always delivers and you usually always get what you want or something equivalent. Highly recommend!
5	Chris is awesome.. Trust him.. Excellent communication via texts. Awesome evening.
5	Chris is awesome! very prompt to reply to your emails if you have any questions or concerns.  I wanted to switch clubs and he took care of it same day.  Highly recommend!
5	We Celebrated my sister's 21st in vegas, and Chris was a huge part of that! We got into rain, ghostbar, the playboy club and moon and it was  a blast! we got in the front of the line and there were a ton of people waiting.  The second time i was there, we even got VIP, with bottle service and a private enterance.. I couldnt have had a better time!
5	This is as good as it gets for getting hooked up in Vegas....Chris is better connected than ANYONE else in Vegas when it comes to nightlife.  Chris has been taking care of me and clients I've been bringing to Vegas for 5 years. On every single occasion Chris has delivered and literally made THOUSANDS of clients that I've brought through Vegas very happy and given them an awesome experience.No BS, if you're looking to get hooked up in Vegas contact Chris - just make sure you show up where and when he tells you to ensure smooth sailing.
5	I've used Chris three or four times now. He is very friendly and makes you feel important even if you have a small group or are just a couple. And he ANSWERS TEXTS! His communication is clear and reliable. I never have to worry about getting in somewhere when I'm in Vegas. Even if I change my mind while I'm there he does his best to help out. I won't use another promoter. Nope.
5	Chris and his team are freaking awesome! Came here to celebrate my best friend and my 21st birthdays and they got us on the list of every club we wanted to go to. Extremely professional and reliable. Will definitely be using his service again every time we go to Vegas!!! Thank you so much Chris!!!!!!!
5	Chris is awesome! From the first night I got to Las Vegas until the night I left, Chris was just a text away to get me and my girlfriend into any club. He was so efficient and responded to my messages almost instantaneously! One night we got to the club after guest list had closed and they still let us in because we were on his list. At first I thought it was to good to be true but this definitely wasn't the case. I saved Chris' number and will definitely be contacting him the moment I set foot in Las Vegas again. He really made my trip a lot more enjoyable!
5	This definitely deserves a 5 STAR WooHoo! As good as it gets (IN VEGAS) As a local that does her fair share of clubbing I haven't found a better connect! I have briefly met Chris in person and he is on his phone like no other getting back to people and literally hookin em up! I haven't waited more than 3 minutes to get a reply and that is NOT an exaggeration!! We've used Chris countless times and have never been let down. We even get invites to special promo nights at clubs with free drinks often. One of which was opening week of THE ACT at Palazzo which is a partyer's dream land!  Another night we got a free limo right to the gentlemen's club from the Palms and the driver hooked us up to get back to Palms even though it's usually a one way free ride. I have another review on here from a year or more ago to prove my point. I don't do reviews but my advice? Give Google a rest and just contact Vegas Free Club Passes- Your work is done! P.S. Moon and Rain are the perfect place to start! Haze is awesome too!! Thanks CHRISSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
5	Chris is awesome! Was the best time we had in Vegas. Chris gave us passes for Tao and XS, one of the best clubs on the strip! I would strongly recommend using this service. Exceptional!!
5	perfect!
5	Chris was awesome and I will not go to Vegas clubs without contacting him first.We went to Pure at Caesars palace and it was awesome. The line was short and girls got wristbands for free vodka drinks until midnight and no cover.  Guys were only $20, which was worth it for this club. Chris texted us at 5pm to confirm and give the details on when to arrive, prices, and guest list information.Chris was nice enough to answer my texts and let me know the hottest spots for both nights and not to go to certain clubs on ceertain nights, which was great. Only the locals would know where the best clubs are each night.Recommend to everyone.
5	Free Vegas Club Passes is the ONLY way to do Vegas! I was skeptical at first, but Chris and his service is amazing... he set up our itinerary and everything was a go from there. We were in Vegas January 11-13, 2013. We were looking for a more Hip Hop atmosphere so we went to LAX at Luxor Friday night and Tryst at The Wynn on Saturday night (which was absolutely fabulous and Jermaine Dupri was the guest DJ)!!!  If you're not a big Hip Hop fan... don't be alarmed by these clubs because they play a mix of everything. If you are a fan of Hip Hop I think this is how most of the clubs in Vegas operate (Hip Hop, Top 40, House, etc.- there's a nice blend) so don't expect 100% anything-- it also probably depends on the DJ. I will say that when they say arrive between 10:30 and midnight -- you probably want to get there at 10:30 because you can literally walk away and there's no one in line and 5 minutes later there will be a mass of people. However, we had no problems getting in... the lines for the guest/VIP entry list moved fairly quickly. Chris responds to texts and is awesome. This is a great, hassle-free, worry-free service, especially for larger groups. This is also ideal, for guys traveling with women... you get great discounts versus what you'd pay at the door without the service. I will definitely recommend and use this service on my next Vegas trip!
5	Being a rather random website I was unsure what to expect. Especially since I was coming to Vegas with a group of 12 people (6 guys, 6 girls). This group promised a lot and still managed to exceed our expectations!!! They were the most timely and professional contacts we had all week. They even out did the VIP hosts we had prepaid at clubs and table reservations we had. Yes, We paid $1,000's some place and still had better service from FreeVegasClubPasses, to whom we never paid a cent. Amazing service, will use every time I go to Vegas again.
5	Chris,I can't thank you enough for all the help with my recent vegas trip! It was my boyfriend and my first trip to vegas and we were so excited to get into the hottest clubs! I was able to get in all four places free, get free drinks at most of them and the two times my boyfriend had to pay it was a drastically reduced rate. We had the most amazing time at pure, moon, XS and Tryst! Everyday we received a detailed text with instructions for the night, we had no problems getting in anywhere, even though we showed up a little late one night! Then when we returned from the trip I received an email from you asking all about my trip! What great customer service! I have definitely been telling all my friends to hit you up on their next trip! Thank you again for everything you are the best!
5	This is a no brainer for yourself or any friend who is planning a trip to Vegas. I was on the fence with using the service because we don't go to a lot of clubs while we are out there, but noticed our own hotel's club LAX was on the list at the Luxor and my wife could get free vodka drinks till midnight, so I figured why not give it a try.Once I went to the site and realized you could plan out each night I found the service even more valuable.  I then checked the local club celebrity appearances each night we were there on lasvegasweekly.com and built my custom VIP list from there.I got a confirmation e-mail, added their phone number to my contacts, and then the first day we were in Vegas I got a text saying I was on the VIP list that night for LAX. We went down to the club, bypassed the lines, and walked right in, and my wife even got her wrist band for free drinks. This amazingly simple and money saving method continued for the next 4 nights.  We even got a surprise text on Saturday morning that we were on the VIP list for Palms Ghostbar day club which we didn't even know existed.  Regardless if you plan to go clubbing or not, this service is absolutely free and guarantees you will at least have something to do at the end of the night that half the time will also include free drinks.  We didn't make it out every night but it was nice to know what we had on the table if our other plans fell through.  The service isn't strictly nightclubs either, limo service to strip clubs are part of the package as well.Just go to their site and build your own itinerary to test it out, then its as simple as plugging in your mobile number and e-mail to lock it in.  We will definitely use this service on new trips to Vegas and fill our friends in on this secret as well.5 Stars for free drinks and free admission with no hassle!
5	Very simple process of getting signed up for the days you are there...and the information provided is awesomely on timely.Definitely will use Chris for future endeavors.
5	Every time I go to vegas I go threw this company...AMAZING,FUN,EASY!!!!!
5	Chris is by far the quickest, most thorough, and most thoughtful promoter I have ever used!! His website was straight forward and he responded to my e-mails and texts immediately (seriously...within a minute...crazy!). While I wasn't a fan of every club (Pure was awful on the first night but LAX and Chateau were great, as always), that was my own choosing that failed. Starting off every night with free admission to an open vodka bar was awesome regardless!Thanks Chris!!
5	If it sounds too good to be true it usually is, right? Not in the case of Vegas Club Passes--it's totally legit. I've used their services multiple times in the past few years. It's simple: first go to the site, sign up the number of people going, what days, select the clubs you wish to attend that are available, and you're halfway there.Next, Chris will text you a confirmation the day of (usually late afternoon) confirming that your group is on the guestlist or if any changes need to be made. The great thing is that if you have any questions or concerns you can text him and he responds quickly. Just make sure your group arrives to the clubs before guestlist closes or you've just totally missed the point of the whole thing and end up wasting money on cover. Ladies are usually free for the most part and depending on which club you go to you may get free drinks before midnight. Guys usually just pay half of the usual cover. The only catch for using their services is you have to go to one of the Palms clubs your first night. Moon is okay if you're feeling for more of a lounge atmosphere, I couldn't care less for Ghost Bar, but Rain is definitely the best out of the three and the biggest.
5	Free vegas club passes are phenomenal and always on point. Chris Hornak is the most honest promoter in Vegas. I would not ever trust any other promoters for being honest the way chris is. Chris has the best hookups and his events are the most fun Dont get railroaded by money hungry vegas promoters who are out to swindle you. Get in contact with Chris and vegas club passes and a fun great time is guaranteed. Your only regret will be why you did not think of contacting them sooner.
5	This review might sound like I have a crush on Chris, but damn it, I swear I don't. Or at least I don't think so.Regardless, when I first found this service, I immediately thought there's a catch. I figured I would end up on an episode of CSI or something. Plus, any website with the word "free" in it automatically seems sketchy. I mean are you going to try and download the newest film releases from www.totallyfreemovies.com"? Probably not.I figured I had nothing to lose besides maybe my identity since I gave them my phone number, but my girlfriend and I were going to Vegas and I needed an excuse to see her in a revealingly hot dress, so I signed up. She told me that there was no way that I could get into some clubs for free as a guy, but I was out to prove her wrong.I planned the itinerary and a couple months later, we were gearing up for our first night out to the Ghostbar, followed by PURE. Chris texted me on the day of (after he had slightly adjusted our schedule just minutes after my request) and informed me of our directions in terms of time of arrival, where to go, what line to be in, blah blah blah. I was extremely nervous but my suspenders kept me calm and collected. The first night went absolutely flawlessly, including some free drinks for my girl.To sum it up, the other two nights went just as smoothly. Chris always texted me. I texted him back and he replied suspiciously quickly, and now I know where to go for my next Vegas trip. It made our trip even more memorable and fun. I'm afraid of telling the public about this service because I don't want people to find out the beauty of Chris's work. I guess I'm just greedy that way.At the end of the day, forget about the concerning URL and use this. It'll change your Vegas experience for the best.
5	Free is my favorite color!  Awesome service and totally deserves 5 Stars! If you are a group of girls going to Vegas then this service might not be as useful (based on my personal experiences that means pretty much every club will be free and no waiting in long lines) however if you are in mixed company (girls and guys) then this is awesome and a must. I used Free Vegas Club Passes a few weekends ago when my husband and I decided to take a spontaneous trip to Vegas. I signed up on Chris's website on Thursday and selected which clubs we wanted to go to. As mentioned on his website your options for the first night are limited, but there were more choices for the 2nd night. With in minutes of signing up I received a confirmation email with additional details of things happening the dates we would be there. Also, in the afternoon on our day of arrival I got a confirmation text from Chris. We had originally signed up for LAX on our first night, but got a late start leaving LA and it didn't look like we would make it in by the midnight cut off time. I texted Chris around 10:30pm and he instantly put us on the guest lists for the palms clubs where his list worked till 2am. We showed up to Moon about 12:30am on a Friday night and only waited 5 mins to check into the guest list line. The only thing that slightly irritated me was the girl checking in us didn't automatically give me my 2 free drink tickets. I had to mention it and ask if I was one of the first 150 girls. I was and she gave them to me, but I had to sign up for the palms email list. Not a big deal and I'm glad I asked. The cover for guys was $10.The second night I signed us up for Tryst. They pull the guest list from the general admission line and we weren't in line more than a few minutes before someone came by asking if we were on a list. We were pulled out of line and taken straight to the front where again I got two free drink tickets and my husband paid his $15 cover.DISCLAIMER: Overall I think reviews of night clubs aren't a good indication of whether or not you will like it do to do may factors like personal tastes, the various DJs and crowds, but here are my thoughts on the days we went.Moon: I had been here once before with a large group in October 2012 and had a great time. Not sure what was up this time, but the crowd was completely different and we got weird vibes. We only stayed about an hour before deciding we had enough and went gambling. I should mention the DJ was great and we enjoyed the music.Tryst: We arrived just before midnight (very early by Vegas standards) and so at first the crowd seemed a bit off and we weren't liking the DJ. By 12:30 things totally turned around: the main DJ came on, tons of people showed up and we had a great time.Overall I highly recommend free Vegas Club Passes and Chris is my new go to promoter for mixed groups. He also has hook ups for day clubs, strip clubs and limos.
5	As your stereotypical accountant (okay, not really) I am always skeptical of "free".  It's probably because "there's no such thing as a free lunch" has been forever ingrained in my hollow brain. However, I decided to give Free Vegas Club Passes a shot since I was heading to the Promised Land with mixed company and figured this would be my only "in". Booking the service online was so easy and the reservation was quickly confirmed by Chris which gave me peace of mind.  In addition, Chris was so accommodating when I texted him the afternoon before my club reservations that night and wanted to add another couple that we met poolside to the list; he added them without hesitation.  We arrived at Pure around 11:30pm, gave my name to the bouncer, and slid in with such ease. Thanks for a great time Chris! I totally recommend this service to anyone!
5	Chris is awesome. Easy to communicate with. He'll help you plan your event via email before you get to Vegas and getting a hold of him via text is just as simple too. The catch? You have to go to one of his clubs first before he can hook you up with another club. His clubs are: LAX, Pure, Ghostbar. All pretty cool places for the first night in Vegas. Definitely worth checking out when Ladies Drink for Free.
5	Chris is truly amazing. I really couldn't have asked for more when it came to his service. I contacted him a few weeks prior to going to Las Vegas, his company responded quickly saying they had my information and as the date got closer they would keep in touch. A few days before the trip I received the itinerary of all the clubs I had requested. There is one catch with all of this though, you have to go to a few clubs that  he has selected the first night. I believe it's some of the clubs at The Palms or Pure at Caesar's. My group had decided on Pure since we really didn't have any way to get to The Palms. We truly had such a great time and the whole process was super easy. All that had to be done was say that I was on his guest list and we waited less than 5mins. Make sure you follow the directions you truly have an easier time getting in if you follow what he asks you to do. Which really isn't much, just to show up between certain times. The great thing is that they send you a text message at 5 o'clock and let you know exactly what's going on. Also if you don't feel like going to the club that was originally planned on, he always put you on the guest list at The Palms. Which is such a great back up plan. The service is great and most places girls get in for free and get a few drinks free plus some places guys get in for free or get in at a super discounted rate. Just as a tip though to make things easier bring more girls than guys, or have an even ratio. Overall I have to say Chris's service is amazing and it truly made my birthday great. I high recommend using him anytime you go to Vegas, I know I will be.
5	Me and my husband used Free Vegas Club passes this past weekend and had a great time no trouble at all We went to Rehab Saturday and went to Tao that night,  Definitely gonna use it again when we go back to Vegass again Thanks Chris our Anniversary weekend was truly amazing             Sasha and Eric Hernandez
5	Yup, this is the real deal. It gets a rare 5-star rating cause it works just like Chris says it will: You sign up for clubs before you go, he texts you info each night on how to get in, and then you zip by hundreds in line, often grab a free drink band or tickets for the ladies, and generally skip cover at the door. When you do pay cover, it is all laid out in Chris's texts or emails to you. No surprises. No catch. A great way to explore Vegas clubs.
5	I can't believe this worked!  I'm thrilled at how well!We were in Vegas over Memorial Day weekend to get married and had about a dozen guests.  I wanted to arrange a fun night out, but keep it affordable.  I signed up for Moon at the Palms for the Saturday night with a follow up at a strip club.  I got an email right away explaining that women would get into Moon for free and men would have a reduced cover charge.  A limo would pick us up and take us to the strip club.  I was advised that I would hear from Chris via text on the day of to finalize plans and that if there were any last minute changes due to the holiday weekend, I would be notified.  So far, so good.  Easy...or too easy?  I was a little nervous, especially since twelve people were depending on this for a fun time.Saturday afternoon, I was still apprehensive, so I sent Chris a text to confirm.  Also, I wanted to change the strip club to another that had been on the list.  He replied immediately and stated that 1) Palms was all set and not only would the women get in for free, but so would the men, and the first 150 women get two free drinks.  Score!  2) The change in strip club was all set (how this arranged so quickly, I still don't know!) and I would just need to let him know when and where I wanted the limo to pick us up.  For real?  This was really easy!Sure enough, we arrived at Moon nice and early (as advised because of the holiday and also to make sure we got our free drinks) - so early, in fact, that Moon wasn't open yet!  No problem, though; we were shown to the View lounge and enjoyed cocktails and the view before heading upstairs to Moon.  At 11:00 PM, I got a call from the limo driver telling me that he would be outside the Palms at 11:30 as I had requested.  Sure enough, he was there on time and took us all over to the strip club I wanted.  We tipped generously, of course.I still cannot wrap my brain around how organized and professional Chris and his system work, but I am a total believer!  I would recommend this service to anyone looking for a fun and affordable way to enjoy the Vegas nightlife.  I look forward to working with Chris again whenever I'm in Vegas!
5	So I was flying into Vegas on a Monday and Leaving on a Wednesday. Not many clubs are open. My friend researched online and stumbled upon www.freevegasclubpasses.com. Let's be honest I was skeptical and not holding my breath, sounded too good to be true. Then being a huge yelp fan, I read reviews... Ok let's do it, I have nothing to lose. Chris emailed me a conformation with detailed explaining how it works. The catch is that they ask you to visit one of their clubs, Pure, LAX, or Palms (and they are great places to go, so why not). Also they ask that there is at least one girl for every guy. Chris has great customer service, staying in touch the entire time. He emailed to explain everything, he also text me the first night in Vegas. One night we decided on a whim to go somewhere else and I just text Chris and he made it happen. Then he emailed me after my trip to make sure I was happy with everything. If you are looking to go out, I highly recommend this service.
5	When a friend of mine gave me the link to this website, I was a little leery, mainly for the fact I wasn't sure it would be FREE like it says (there's always some kind of fine print) I signed up anyway, and when we made it to Vegas for my sister's bachelorette party, everything was perfect! We got our confirmation text messages the day of letting us know we were all good. When I had a question I text and got an immediate response, and when we got to where we were going the wait was not long at all, AND we got in FOR FREE! I recommended this to a couple groups going to Vegas after I did, and I would definitely use this again.Thanks Chris so much for making my sister's bachelorette party weekend a success!
5	Using this service felt like absolute stealing and I will tell you why. I stumbled upon this website when I realized the groupon I had bought for dinner could not be used on monday. On sunday, I signed up for the service to go clubbing on monday. It just so happen to be that XS was the designated club. It was twenty dollars for me to get in, free for my girlfriend to get in, and she got two complementary drink tickets. Keep in mind, afrojack and Diplo were performing that night and tickets for general admission would have cost $25 for girls and $35 for guys. I thought this was just ridiculous how awesome this deal was. We had no issue getting into the club quickly, getting our drink tickets, and Chris could not have been more responsive via texts with our questions. My knee jerk reaction to a service that has 5 stars on this website is pure disbelief but all the reviews are seriously true. In a city that is generally speaking one large tourist trap, this whole experience totally blew my mind.
5	I discovered Chris about a year and a half ago. I've always texted him upon my arrival to Vegas and he's always helping me get on the guest lists.I just went to Vegas 4th of July week and a couple of days before I emailed him what days I was there and he gave me a whole weeks worth of guest lists for nightclubs and dayclubs. He is awesome! I have him saved on my phone and whenever I'm out there I will always text him and I recommend him to all my friends.He is an essential to Vegas!
5	I had my doubts but it was free so why not try. I have stood in line at Pure and LAX for hours, never again this really works. We even text after 2am and got a free limo to a club. I could not even get through on the phone to see about a free limo pick up when I called the club directly. Quick responses, email explains everything. I won't do Vegas without using Chris, if only I had known about this sooner.
5	I occasionally lead tour groups of young, fun foreigners to Las Vegas, and getting them all (especially the dudes) into a club is always a hassle.  I've worked with countless promoters in Vegas with some seriously mixed results. Then a coworker discovered Chris Hornak, and our company's troubles with Vegas have vanished.  He always knows the spots worth going to no matter what night of the week we arrive, and I'm amazed that with a handshake at the rope he can get a group of 50 people into a club.  Not only inside, but VIP line access for no charge!  If he's that good with a huge group, than I can only imagine what he can do for small parties.  Check out the website, and let Chris show you a good time!
5	If you dont use this service in Vegas, you're and idiot!Very easy website to use, I received texts every day reminding me what time, and what club/dayparty I signed up for. I am a sort of difficult customer, and wanted to text when I heard of other clubs poppin'. Texts were sent and I received replies within an hour. I will NEVER go to Vegas and not use Chris Hornak's service!
5	LEGIT!! LEGIT!! LEGIT!!I'm not going to lie, like most who reviewed this service, I was skeptical about using a promoter to rely my plans on.  I had planned a Vegas trip for my cousins and I.  I pretty much put all my eggs in one basket when I looked to using Chris Hornak's services.Have no fear, he's legit!!!!!!!On his website, you can pick different day pools, clubs, strip clubs to go to and you just tell him the date and how many people.  They immediately send you an email confirmation with your itinerary.  I had some questions and Chris wrote back in a timely fashion and helped me more at ease.On the day of your events, you get texts reminders that you're on the list for wherever, what time to be there, and what not.My first test was Ditch Fridays at Palms Pool.  I had bubble guts when I walked up to the promoter table in the lobby because I had three cousins behind me counting on my efforts to get us in. "No pressure Shari".I told the lady whose list, she asked how many were with me, and gave us all wristbands with two free drinks.  SCORE!!  He was a real person.Next was Moon night club later that night at Palms also.  Walked up to the promoter line (still nervous) and told them "Chris Hornak".  They sent us right to the VIP line and we got wristbands with two free drinks AGAIN.  Yaaaas!It was so smooth that there is NO way I would come to Vegas again and NOT hit up Chris to get the hook up.  There's so many other places to try, and hello, girls are free.  And once again, FREE DRINKS!I only picked Palms destinations because we were staying at Rio, which was walking distance, and I was trying to save as much money on cabs as possible.
5	What all others said. Totally legit. Will never do Vegas without him again.
5	I just returned from my Vegas trip and I can't tell you how much fun I had!  Chris was able to get me on the list for many of the top clubs in Vegas and I didn't have to pay a cent.  Many places even gave complimentary drink passes!  My girlfriends and I were able to bypass the long lines and not pay the $20 cover most places charge.  It was my first time going to pool parties and Chris was able to put us on the list for those too.  We got to go Daylight at Mandalay Bay and Rehab at Hard Rock.  It you haven't tried the pool parties, you will experience a new level of fun.  The clubs we attended were Ghostbar at Palms, Tryst, Tao and Lavo.  Chris has access to many others, but you are able to choose from a list of clubs.  I enjoyed Tryst and Tao because they were so beautiful!  But the music at Lavo was awesome if you like hip-hop.Check out Chris' website!  He gives daily updates to remind you which list you are on and what the check-in times are.  He was also able to make changes if you text him.  I will definitely use his service again.  Why spend the money on clubs if you don't have to?
5	if i could give this 10 stars i would!its very legit. they are so helpful and keep in touch with you and send you text updates throughout the day reminding you which guest lists you are on and what time to arrive. he also responds VERY fast if you have any questions. our first night we were on the guestlist for PURE and LAX, i got into both for free with drink specials and my boyfriend had a reduced cover at each place. $10 and LAX and $20 at PURE. the second night we were on the guestlist for the rooftop club VOODOO but it poured down rained so we didn't end up going to that one. our third night we both got into MARQUEE for free...both of us and i got free vodka drinks.i wouldn't ever do vegas without using this service. it is awesome!!!
5	Thanks to Chris, we went to several great clubs that he organized for us to visit.  We found Chris and his team professional, well-organized, and friendly from our first e-mail to his follow-up about our experience after we returned home. He replied right away with an itinerary of the clubs we had selected (including the obligatory first night at one of the clubs on his list).  We were on Chris's guest lists for all the top clubs we wanted and no line-ups.  The DJs and music at each club were fantastic!  We had a great experience at all the clubs Chris arranged for us to visit and will definitely contact him again for our next trip to Vegas.
5	Now that yelp allows you to post reviews via the app, here I am! I visited vegas back in June for a conference. I was also skeptical of how this would work and was amazingly surprised at how professional Chris Hornak and his team were! We got VIP access, almost no wait in lines, drink specials or free drinks to clubs like Ghostbar, Tao, XS, and Pure! We also paid NO cover at all!! Wow! He was also able to get us free access to beach clubs but I was unable to go because of my conference schedule. I would highly recommend using Chris Hornak's services to anyone going to Vegas and interested in having a great time without the hassle and major dent in your pockets!!
5	The best. Well updated. Never fails. Chris is the best promoter in town BAR NONE!
5	I've never reviewed anything on Yelp before, but because we received such great service with Chris, I had to make the effort to post my feedback!A group of 5 of us went to Vegas for Labor Day (scary thought!) and had no clue on how to avoid the massive lines or avoid paying a ridiculous admission fee. Although the clubs I requested, understandably, changed a day before we arrived due to the holiday, everything turned out AMAZING! Chris got us on the list for a pool party at Ditch (Palms hotel) where LL Cool J was performing. All of us, including the guys, paid NO fee and we got right in. It was an awesome party! Same situation with getting into Moon that same night. He always checked in on the day of to give the details for the night, and kept us immediately updated on any changes. I was pretty skeptical about using this service as I have been burned before by paying for bogus "VIP pass cards," but this is TOTALLY legit.A word of advice, however, follow Chris' instructions. We got there early as he directed us to and are glad we did....the places got packed as day/night went on. I don't know if we would have had such an easy time had we neglected to follow his lead.We will definitely do this again when we return. Thanks Chris!!
5	This service is legit! Top Notch! Chris Hornak and staff are great. Quick response and never any issues with any of the night clubs or pool parties we attended. One big virtual bro hug sent your way! Will definitely use your services any time we go to Vegas in the future.
5	I'll start by saying 5 stars isn't enough, they deserve 10 for exceptional service!I used them for my 21st birthday last year and contacted them again this year in April for my girlfriends 21st. Can't begin to say how much fun we had and especially the hook ups you can get from them are amazing! My crew and I are going back next month and once again contactin Chris Hornak! Best nightclubs in Vegas, free drinks for the ladies!! HELL YEAH!! Highly recommended, and very professional! Thank you for making our experience in Vegas easy and FUN!
5	Weekend of Sept 14 2013 it was my first time in Vegas with a couple girlfriends. I was added on Chris list by another friend. The VIP service I received was honestly great. I wanted to thank Chris for his great help. Excellent services provided and communication was also great. Thanks a million. I had a fantastic time.
5	There's nothing free in Vegas, right? Wrong! I was nervous about using Chris Hornak's guest list, like other reviewers, especially because it was the first time I took my boyfriend to Vegas and I wanted everything to be perfect. Well, everything WAS perfect. First night we went into Moon at the Palms. Guest list worked like a charm. We came early enough, got in for free, and got two free drinks (only for ladies, with a wristband). The whole wait time was about 10 minutes, a little longer than the email indicated but still pretty good. Second night we got into XS at the Wynn. Again, no hassle. We got inside in about five minutes for free, and two free drinks (ladies only). To be completely honest, the lines weren't so long at both clubs at the time we arrived, but still, we passed everyone AND got in for free. On both days I got a text around 3pm and an email with confirmation, wait time and instructions. It was awesome. Just one comment about the free drinks for ladies. They are pretty limited. At Moon they offered simple cocktails made with vodka or rum only, no other alcohol. At XS it was limited to beer or well drinks, but the bartender was nice and agreed to make us a simple cocktail. I'm not complaining. Free drinks are free drinks.I'm definitely using his service again!
5	Clubbing is not often part of my Las Vegas agenda.  I'm a man in my mid 30's with no connections; not a girl in her early 20's with a dozen different promoters.  The usual hoops and cost for someone like me to get into any club make the process pretty unbearable.Enter Chris Hornak from FreeVegasClubPasses.com!Here's the gist:-  Go to the website, plan out your night/day clubs.  Provide your cell and number of girls/guys in your group.  You will NOT get text spam.  Just info about the locations that you sign up for.-  On the first night, you need to visit Palms, Pure, LAX or Voodoo.  "Ahhhh..  But those aren't the newest/hottest clubs that I always see my friends post pics from on Facebook.."  SHUT UP.  We went to Pure.  The girls got FREE vodka drinks, we all paid NO cover, skipped the general admission line, the club was packed and we had a BLAST.-  After you visit one of Chris' clubs, you can choose from tons of other night/day clubs for the rest of your trip, where you'll continue to get reduced (or free) entry, FREE drinks for girls, and get to skip the line.-  Make sure to show up early.  You'll get texts with the details.  "Early" depends on the club.  Usually around 10 or 11.Finally, after all these years and visits to Vegas, I have a club hookup too!  Yay.PS - Strip club hookups too!
5	I had planned to go to Pure early enough to get the free drinks with my girls but the rehearsal dinner ran VERY late (after midnight). I was worried that the bachelorette party I had planned for the bride would be ruined, so I texted Chris in a panic. Immediately, he texted back and told me to go to Palms and he would take care of everything. The 6 of us went to Moon at Palms and had a blast! No line, no cover, awesome music, and the DJ made a shout-out to the bride! Thank you F.V.C.P. for everything!
5	Used Chris's service back in Aug. It is legit!!! i was soo nervous , especially for the Palms pool party since the singer ne-yo was there to perform, i thought sure we were gonna get charged at the door, but NOPE got in for free no problems.  I really enjoyed myself .I will be using  this service again when i go back to vegas.
5	Just came back from Vegas and Thank you Chris for the awesome hookups! I was really skeptical about signing up thinking there was some type of catch to it. NONE! First night I got connected to bottle service at Moon at the Palms. Great price for two bottles and great table service! The next day we got a discounted price to OG and 2 free drinks and a limo ride there. You had to take the limo ride in order to get the deal. My sister had a awesome bachelorette weekend! Legit site.
5	I'm a skeptic at heart.  If it sounds too good to be true then it's got to be a scam of some sort.  SO NOT TRUE WITH FREE VEGAS CLUB PASSES!! So the hubby and I are in town celebrating our 10th anniversay and we want to party like rockstars.  I hear about Chris Hornak and his service and decide what the heck let's give it a try.  First Night we go to Voodoo Lounge @ Rio. - Getting in was a breeze.  I get in free with a free drink.  The hubs pays $5.  Really??!! For the price of a value meal at the golden arches we get to party.  Awesome!!  Voodoo turns out to be meh but that's ok.  It was a travel day for us and we're beat.Second Night we go to The Act @ Palazzo.  Best night ever!  Again getting in was a breeze.  I'm free again and hubs pays $30.  No problem.  Club is freaking awesome.  The dance floor is the size of my living room (small....) but had an amazing time.Third Night we go to Tryst @ Wynn.  Another great night.  We both get in for free and I get 2 free drinks!!This service is the real deal! Don't hesitate to try it.  Loved the daily texts with all the info we needed.  This is just awesome.  Thanks for a memorable weekend!!
4	Last week I spent the weekend in Vegas and spent my time looking up reviews for the best clubs to hit while I was there. One thing I noticed was most clubs had cover charges galore and/or a longer wait to get in. One review boasted about Free Vegas club passes as a life saver, so I decided to check it out.Day one only offers about 5-6 club options, so I chose Voodoo Lounge at Rio. The next two nights I chose The Act (Venetian) and Chateau (Paris). Voodoo Lounge got me a free cover charge and free drink (apparently only good after 11P, but the bartender talked to his boss and got it for me anyway). Act got me in for free as well, but no other perks.I'd use it again on a future trip to Vegas!
5	I will never again go to Vegas without using Chris' service. We put our request in online and he stayed in touch via text. This does not sign you up for spam. You truly on get text or emails regarding your requests for clubs.We put in a request for Friday night at Pure, then a dayclub and then the night club at Paris. We showed up at Pure on Friday night, no line, walked right in, and free drinks until midnight. Then he sent a confirmation text for the day club for Saturday, which we cancelled because we were too hungover.But then we confirmed the Paris club. Again, we got our own special line with no wait, we were waved right through and free drinks.I am sure it helped we were three attractive ladies, but all the same, I will never again go to Vegas without reserving through Chris.
5	Chris was amazing! I was in Vegas for Halloween (Thurs., Fri., and Sat.). It was a really busy weekend but my friends and I got on the guest list with no problem. We got to wait in the guest list line which was considerably shorted than the general admission line. Chris will even send you a text with other things going on, like after hours clubs (if you're not done partying) and strip clubs! He's very helpful and will text you back quickly if you have any question. I would choose this route rather than deal with the club promoters on the strip. One lady handed my friends and I about 12 club passes to places we didn't want to go and said that she usually gets tipped $10 a person (because there were three of us she wanted $30 in cash).  I told her we were already on a guest list for that night.
5	Second time using Chris' service. My girlfriends had a blast with their first time in Vegas. No line no hassle! Will hit you up again for next time! Thank you!
5	Chris was easy to work with and very quick to respond to texts. The website is straight forward and easy to navigate. As promised, Chris emails our confirmation immediately. On the day of, Chris texts us the information. It was fun and we had a great time.
5	We tried Free Vegas Club Passes for the first time last weekend for a Double Birthday Party of 10 guests. We received a confirmation text for Pure Nightclub the day of, as promised. We arrived at the recommended time and It was perfect! Free Drinks for ladies until midnight and free passes for men... No hassle at all. We were a group of couples so it can get difficult to find a "hook up" for guys to get into clubs for a discounted price, let alone free. This is the way to go! Thank you Chris and FreeVegasClubPasses for the great service! We will never do Vegas clubs any other way!
5	Never again will I go to Vegas without Chris and his crews help again, hands down the best Vegas trip all because of FVCP. Thank you for the great weekend.
5	Just got back from Vegas yesterday and the experience would not have been half as fun if I hadn't come across this site! I was pretty skeptical...I kept thinking, "What's the catch?" It seemed too easy. Well it was literally just as easy as it seemed.My sister and I went to three different clubs, three different nights (including a Friday) and didn't pay cover, hardly waited in line, and got free drinks until midnight each of the nights. All I had to do was email or text Chris which club I was interested in that night and everything else was set up through him!I will definitely be recommending this to anyone I know going to Vegas and it will be the first site I visit in any return trips of my own. You have nothing to lose by using this site..but everything to lose if you don't.
5	It as easy and good as it sounds. Sometimes things that sound too good to be true rarely are but this remains a fortunate exception. Thank You Chris! Another aspect I'd want to mention is the fact that how easy it was to contact Chris and get a response from him for any doubts or requests we had. Looking forward to the next trip!
5	Checked out 3 clubs when I went earlier this week. Chris was able to get my party in for free and hooked me up with free drinks! We were able to get into the hot clubs without waiting in line. You'll get a confirmation text for the guest list in the afternoon and if there is any problem/change of plans, you just let Chris know and he'll handle it :)
5	Moon. The Palms. Party of dos. Free cover for err'body. Free drinks 'till 11:30 PM for err'body. Need I say more???
5	I am a research bug, so when I was planning our first trip ever to LV,  I happened to see someones review about this site.  I checked out the site and signed up.  We just wanted to check out one Vegas club ( Ive partied enough in life lol) just to chill and dance.  I received an email from Chris confirming our first night at Pure.  We ended up changing our days to go to Pure and we received a confirmation text that afternoon that we would be on the list for the new night.  That night we went to the Guest line and gave our names and hubby and I went in free and I was able to get drinks for free until 12!  The bouncers were friendly too.  It was fun and we stayed until my feet couldnt take it lol.  We will reccommend and use Chris's website for future trips!  Thanks Chris for helping the regular folks out!
5	I first found Free Vegas Club Passes about 3 years ago when going to Vegas for my sister's 21st birthday. I knew nothing about free guest lists and just searched online, hoping to find something. With Chris' list, we were able to get in VIP (ie practically no line) to all three bars at the Palms which was really fun. The Ghost Bar is awesome.Recently, my fiance and I went to Vegas and I reached out to Chris again. I was worried that since it wasn't all girls, we'd be out of luck. Wrong. He hooked it up for XS where we both got free admission (again no line; we were actually escorted out of the GA line and right up to get stamped), plus I scored 3 free drink tickets.I have no idea how this works or how they make money, but I'm so glad their service exists. It's easy and you get text updates regularly. You can ask questions and get advice quickly.Simply a wonderful service.
5	Always use them when I go to Vegas.  They don't disappoint and only get better with each visit
5	Giving a big thank you Chris! If anyone is skeptical, there is nothing to worry about! This service is 100% legitimate and Chris will get you on the guest list to Vega's hottest nightclubs easily! Went to Pure nightclub go in the guest list line and got through no problem for a discounted price!  I've barely scratched the Vegas nightclub scene, but I hear that when you constantly use Chris's  service he'll be able to hook you up  into getting in other Hot  Vegas nightclubs for free along with free drinks! Can't wait to get back to Vegas and use this awesome service!
5	Chris is amazing. Always flexible and when an issue came up regarding door not accepted listed price he sent someone to pay the difference. They are the best, a customer for life and i love Vegas so that will be for many many many years
5	I came to Vegas for the first time and was unsure of where to go, at least in respect to nightlife. FVCP came to the rescue! I never had to go out of my way to get on the list, and they emailed and texted promptly. I was able to get free drinks, free admission with extremely little wait, even on NYE week/weekend, and thereby a great time, thanks to FVCP and Chris! I had a group of 3 girls and 2 boys, and even the boys were able to get in for free at certain venues (although it is Vegas - boys did have to pay for some clubs). I recommend this service for anyone going to Vegas, regardless of how many times you have been. I don't know how much money or time I would have wasted otherwise.
5	Can't wait to go back to Vegas and use his service!!! Chris's services made it much more enjoyable, I will definitely use his services again!
5	Thank  you Chris! Me and my girl had a great time in Vegas thanks to you. We were on the guest list for Tao, LAX, and other clubs. We never had to wait in line and there was no cover for us. I will definitely use it again.
5	Chris responded really fast, put me and my friends on multiple clubs for each night, and was really helpful when my own promoters were having a hard time during NYE week. I got into Marquee with open bar and no cover for the BF! I will definitely be using his services again when I am in Las Vegas! Thanks so much!
5	We were told about this by a friend and I was skeptical but they delivered on everything they promised. We got free entry into a different club every night. No questions asked. Chris kept us informed every day via text about our next venue and was a delight to deal with. There was no pressure to buy or pay for anything and the clubs were some of the hottest in Vegas. We had passes for moon and ghostbar in the palms, XS at Wynn, VooDoo lounge on top of the Rio and Pure at Ceasars Palace. I highly recommend this service if you are into the night club scene. Thank you Chris for a great time!!!
4	My than fiancee now husband and I used Free Vegas Club Passes last year April 2013 for our very first trip to Vegas!! It was nice and easy! Chris text me the first day we arrived to make sure i knew what club was for the night! It was Ghost Bar! I absolutely loved it! Great view and atmosphere! I loved the grown and sexy feel it had to it! No problem! Lavo we had a little issue but it was resolved. I love that it doesn't have to be an all girl group!! I plan on using it again in a few months when we come for our one year anniversary! I recommend Free Vegas Club Passes to everyone!
5	This service was flawless.  Simple process and Chris responds quickly to questions via text or email.  I highly recommend and will be a repeat customer.  If you want to have fun and save money in Las Vegas, give this service a try!
5	Chris Hornak...you are everything. I have now used Hornak's service twice in the past 2 years and I am happy to say that his is consistently good and reliable service. I have texted this man at random times and he so promptly responds with all the information I need. To know that he deals with probably a million people in a year (the Vegas scene is on fire you know!), I feel honored that he has rearranged my club schedule (I stayed for 10 days with multiple club stops) including the venues, dates and times a few times. (Out of consideration, I try to limit this....but Vegas is so endless with possibilities...it drives me happily insane!)Hornak is the man. All hail.
5	Thank u Chris for everything this past weekend was the best bachelorette party I could of asked for thank u for all u did even at 1 am u answered all my texts ur the best ull be hearing from me very soon
4	I found this place on Yelp before clubbing with my boyfriend in Vegas. It's super easy to make a reservation online and they send confirmation texts and emails so you don't forget. And it's totally free! I communicated mostly via text messaging and while they do take a while to respond (understandable given the amount of volume they must handle) they were always very helpful and friendly in response. The only complaints I have are that the service seemed a bit computer automated. The emails and texts seem auto-generated for confirmations and the one time I called their number no one picked up. Also when I changed my reservation at 5 pm on the same day, the girl checking the reservations at Pure couldn't find my name on the guest list. Luckily we got in by showing her my confirmation text. But we did get free passes to XS on Monday night with Salva playing! If you want to party and save a lot of money, definitely check these guys out!
5	We had a blast thanks to Chris!! He got 11 of us in to Moon/Ghostbar and it was no hassle. The club was amazing!!! Thanks again Chris and we will be back soon :)
5	This service is AMAZING !! Chris and his staff were so nice! He got us into all three clubs for free with free drinks! We had a change of plans last minute and he still got us into the encore beach club ( which is amazing by the way ). On top of that chris service is profession compared to other promotors! .. In conclusion chris is awesome !!
4	This was wonderful! Got into all of the clubs we signed up for.The only thing I wasn't too happy about was that they don't pick up if you call them, and if you text them, expect at least 40minutes response time -____-
5	It's the second time I contacted Chris and had an even BETTER weekend thanks to him! Pure and Tryst were hassle free, and made for an AWESOME 2 night vegas trip.. Chris is the REAL DEAL!!
5	Great service you provide! We were in Vegas 3/28 weekend and had a great time and saved tons if $$ and time with your Guest list! Moon and Ghostbar were awesome inside Palms!
5	Thank you Chris Hornak! Provided great communication and was able to get us in free.  We went to Ghostbar in Palms, Tryst in Wynn and Hyde in Bellagio. He was able to accept changes in our request and add people to our group. Will be using his services again and will recommend to all my friends.
5	I came across this website last week just a day before leaving for my first Vegas trip with my husband. I was skeptical at first since it seemed too good to be true. But this website is pure gold! So easy and reliable and they are punctual and prompt with giving all the info. In the three nights we were there, we hit two night clubs ( Hyde at Bellagio and XS at Encore) and a dayclub ( Marquee at Cosmopolitan). Got late at the first club, so had to pay a cover charge for my husband, but made up for that with the 4 free drinks they provided!! The other two places got free entry and free drinks as promised. Partying in Vegas is out of the world and this website makes it easily possible without burning a hole in your pocket. I have been raving about it to all my friends and colleagues!
5	This is a late review as I used their services last year, but they were so awesome I wanted to make sure I give them the rating they deserve! I have no complaints about this service, it was completely FREE, they were professional, organized, and everything went smoothly as planned. I just wished I would have know of this service years ago - it would have saved me $$, time, and a bunch of headaches. I have a trip coming up and I plan on using them again! Keep up the awesome work!
5	I almost don't want to write this review because then my friends will now find out my secret!  FVCP and Chris Hornak is an awesome service and we had a blast this weekend!!   We were able to get VIP for the Voodoo Lounge and the Ghost Bar for our mixed group of guys and girls with no lines or  hassle whatsoever.  Girls got in free and guys paid a minimal cover.  Chris was easy to contact and kept me informed via text and even sent an additional text offering us an additional deal if we were up for it.  I can't wait to plan my girls trip and use Chris and FVCP!!  Highly, highly recommend them if you plan on doing any clubs in Vegas!!
5	I am so glad this was legit! I was worried. But they pulled through. Text messages and emails as promised. We got in free to all the clubs we asked for. Got free drinks at all venues and entered for free. Follow their directions on what time to get there!!
5	This is amazing!!!I can't believe three of my girlfriend and a my guy friend went to TAO BEACH CLUB and PURE NIGHT CLUB...with the help of the guestlist!! Great way of associating with customers to be on the guestlist!! i dont go to Vegas often but the last trip made it with it for me and my great friends!!! I  recommend the GUESTLIST services to everyone!! Because its ligament!!  Anyways don't be too CRAZY out there though HAVE FUN BE SAFE!!
5	I was wondering if this was a scam, but figured that I had nothing to lose. My husband and I were effortlessly on the VIP list for Hakkasan to see Above and Beyond in April 2014!We would have had to pay at least $50 in cover charges alone, not to mention waiting in line. Instead, there were no door charges, and we were in the faster VIP line. Thanks for a great night!
5	Chris is truly on point with the VIP! I will always use him for my Vegas fun. 5 stars! Thank you Chris & FreeVegasClub for a wonderful time.
5	Went to Vegas for my 21st and had an absolute blast because I got in to everywhere with my friend group (guys included) for free! Many thanks to Chris for working so hard when my last minute changes came up, I definitely recommend going through Free Vegas Club Passes if you want to have a good time in Vegas!
5	Joined a list for Palms Pool on Saturday and Tao Night Club with Snoop Dogg as the DJ Sunday night on memorial day weekend. Both places gave free admission for me and my girlfriend, and even two free drinks at palms.  It seemed too good to be true, but it really was awesome. Thanks a lot, and would definitely use again.
5	I'll never go to Vegas again without using this service. Just pay attention to the times you need to be at your destination by, try and arrive early, and don't get to wasted with all the fun you're going to have! LOL.
5	We had such a great time!  I was totally skeptical that a guest list would work.  But, we signed up online, got in the VIP line during the time we were told to be there.  I was a little worried that we wouldn't get in and texted Chris.  He responded right away and assured us we'd be fine.  Lo and behold, he was right!We got in just fine.  Thank you Chris for responding so quickly!  I will totally hit you up again when I go back...probably not for a while though...Vegas tuckered me out!  I will definitely recommend you to anyone that goes though!  :)
5	My 3 girlfriends and I easily got in to Ditch Friday at the Palms for free - signed up online in a couple minutes and that was that -confirmation received, and also received an e-mail day-of .  There was no wait and we also were given 2 free drinks each.  Via text message/email they made sure everything went as planned.  Wouldn't hesitate to use Free Vegas Club Passes again next time I go to Vegas.  Thanks for everything!
5	Now I understand the true meaning and art of a promoter. Chris is the man! He's got Vegas on lock! As soon as my bf and I mentioned his name at the door, we were greeted with smiles. All the ladies did was look up and nod....well excuse meeee...! Lol truly felt the VIP welcome and it is all because of Chris! Thank you so much for this past weekend. I honestly didn't think anything great was going to happen because I was rolling with a guy. Sorry, but we all know it is much easier to get in with your girlfriends! Thanks to Chris for caring about the fellas too! He's got you covered!
5	We went to the Night Club at Mandalay Bay.  Chris sent us a text message adding us to the guest list.  We showed the text to the door person and we were in!  I recommend Chris!
5	I created a yelp account just to review this service!Like some others on here, I too was skeptical of this at first. I signed up the night before we were planning on going out to get on the guest list at Hyde. I quickly got a confirmation e-mail followed by some texts the day of with specific instructions on when/where to be later that night.We (five of my girlfriends and I) got to Hyde around 10:30 as noted in the texts. I told the doorman we were on Chris's list, and we were let in right away ahead of everyone else in line - literally no waiting! We also each got a few free drink tickets to use for the night. Getting on Chris's list saved each of us $50+ easily. Also saved us a lot of time that we otherwise would have spent waiting in line.Highly, HIGHLY recommend Chris and will be using him every time I'm in Vegas from here on out! Thanks Chris!!!
5	Chris Hornak rocks!!With the help of his/their guest list, We covered so many clubs during our recent memorial day weekend visit. Despite the busiest weekend, we could get into hottest clubs with virtually no wait. Thanks for making our visit awesome!!
5	I have been to Vegas many times, but this was my first time trying a guest list service that I searched for online. I was very impressed at the choices of all the clubs & pools.  Our 1st club was Ghost Bar on a Saturday night. I know how lines are at clubs in large cities so we knew we would probably still have to wait in line, but it's free. So if you want to avoid lines you have to shell out cash for that or get VIP. The earlier you arrive the better. We used it also last night for Hyde inside the Bellagio. I would definitely recommend this service and will use it again when I come back for a bachelorette party in August. Thank you Chris!
5	Contact Chris! Get on his VIP list for good clubs in Vegas! Have fun and Show appreciation by writing a review! His contact is free and it's the least to do for the hook up with Guest VIP lists!
5	Thankful to have found Free Vegas Club Passes online by google search.  I was iffy at first, but had nothing to lose so signed up for myself and 6 girlfriends.  No long lines and problems at all.  On top of it, we got free drink tickets.  Thank You!
5	I know when you go on the website you're going to think what I thought...really? We can get into all these places free? The answer is YES!Im currently in Vegas with my boyfriend and I told him we were on a guest list for various day and night clubs. He said "ok" we'll see how that works. I received text messages and confirmation emails prior to the weekend events I signed us up for...so far so good.Our first party was Ditch Friday. ..I received a text at 9am with instructions, and at noon my boyfriend and I headed to the Palms pool. When we got there I told my boyfriend to tell the guy we're on Chris Hornaks Guestlist. He said,  " I don't think it's going to work, never in my life have I heard of a guy getting into any Vegas party free...you ask!"Me: ok fine I'll ask.Well after asking we were both showed to the guestlist line and in 2 minutes we were in Free and I got 2 free drinks!!! We were so excited and it was a great start to the weekend. Lets just say the rest of the weekend went smoothly, we followed each text with directions (which was sent a few hours before each party we signed up for) and there were no problems!This service is great and I've told everyone about it!
5	BEST Guest List to use if you're planning on partying in Las Vegas!  All you have to do is go on their website and sign up (SO EASY).  You'll receive email confirmation and text messages with info.   Clubbing, pool parties, strip clubs, Chris got you cover.  I was a little skeptical about it when i received an email confirmation that gents get in free as well for the nightclub.  Ladies get to party for FREE in Vegas but almost all the time, gents have to pay.  During EDC weekend, i was able to get my group, consisting of girls and guys, inside for free and waited less than 10min in line. No hassle or anything once i mentioned Chris' name. I had a few questions and email/text Chris and he replied instantly.  Best promoter i use so far if you have a big group of guys and girls.  Definitely, I'll be using Chris' guestlist again when I'm back in Vegas.  I would highly recommend to friends.  GL is LEGIT!
5	My sister had used his services for my bachelorette party and loved it! So when my hub and I planned for a trip to Vegas, I signed us up! The website is easy to use and everything is TOTALLY free! Chris texts and confirms with you the clubs that you signed up for. We had so much fun and we will definitely keep him on our contacts for our next trip back! Everything you have read on Yelp about him is TRUE, so do not hesitate to contact him at all!
5	100% legit.  Gets you into the places he said he will.  Your name is on the list like he says.  Can get you into clubs, both day and night.  And the majority of the time it is free.  Just sign up and you'll be on his list.  When your day comes he'll text you the club info and put you on the list.  Go to the VIP lines and ask for the Chris' list and your name WILL be on it.  Will be using Chirs' service again.
5	This is my very first review ever on Yelp. All I can say is that Chris is running a fantastic service here. Not only is it completely FREE, but he keeps in touch with you the entire time, updating you via texts and email. You also get to have choices, which I didn't expect cause it's free. If you ever have ANY questions or changes to your schedule, Chis and his team are there to accommodate you. But on the real tho.......................................every time I go to Vegas, I will definitely hit up Chris and his team!
5	Absolutely AMAZING service!! My friend and I had a very impromptu (as in we decided on Monday that we were going) trip to Vegas this weekend and decided to sign up for their Guest List service.  Best decision I've ever made in regard to Vegas, and I will definitely do it again!!!
5	Incredible!!! Couldnt of had a better weekend.  I'm so lucky to have found your site!! Thank you Chris!! You are awesome!! Best weekend ever!!  For those of you unsure....DONT BE!! I was nervous about this, almost paranoid and it was definitely the best find ever!! I impressed the heck out of my friends by having this hook up!! THANK YOU CHRIS!! I WILL ALWAYS USE YOU!!!
5	Free club pass MADE my trip to Vegas! If it wasn't for this hookup I would've had no idea what to do in Vegas and no way to get my BF into the clubs. Chris was so professional. From the time I signed up and made my own party schedule I received frequent texts updating me on the locations, dress code and things included in the entry such as drinks etc. My best friend, boyfriend and I walked into every nightclub that we signed up for that weekend completely free and skipping lines. Now this is normal for us in DC, Miami, LA but Vegas was new territory. My BF is a promoter on the east coast for big cities and I knew he'd be very critical but he was thoroughly impressed by Chris and Free Club Pass. The smoothness of entry to each party and the easy recognition of the pass when we got to the door of each club was actually pretty baller.Strip clubs, pool parties, nightclubs and daypartties, man, this Chris guy has it all. Service and communication was phenomenal. He checked in with me when my flight landed and texted goodbye when we left Vegas. Although I know I wasn't their only client on such a busy weekend (Billboard Music Awards at the MGM Grande) I felt like I was, because of the quick text responses and the personal feel behind the conversations.I even made some lifelong great connections at my first Vegas party at Ghostbar on top of The Palms. I will Free Club Pass services when I go back to Vegas in a few weeks!
5	Used this service twice now. A group of 5 and 2 and each time they delivered.  Sign up online.  Great communication ( you will receive text messages with confirmation and detailed information before your event) and easy access to great venues (day/night clubs and stripclub, if interested) in Vegas.  Follow the directions sent to you and you will slide right into the venue! Short lines, free entry/drinks will make you feel like a true VIP!  Highly recommended.  Thanks Chris!!!
5	I have been to Vegas so many times in my life that I can't even count.  Each time, I've hoped to find a promoter who will take care of my friends and me while in town.I must say that Chris was the absolute best.  You just say his name somewhere and people let you right in!  I like that you are texted throughout the day to remind you of when to be at a certain club to avoid having any issues.At Light, I actually had to show the people at the venue my text message from Chris confirming that I was on the list.  A friend of mine showed up a little after us, and I was told to send a screenshot of the text so that she could show it to them when she got there.  And luckily, she got in without any issues at all.This service is totally free, it's not a scam, and they know what they are doing.
5	can not go to vegas without using this service... chris never lets me down !  awesome service
5	Loved using this service especially when you have guys in your group. As a girl I love coming to vegas because you get in to most clubs , so it was awesome to find this because we had 5 girls and 6 guys and all got in to Tao for free!!! And ladies got free drinks from 10:30-11:30! I will defiantly contact them again when I come back to Vegas!!! Thank you guys
5	Went to Ghostbar on sunday night. Arrived 10.50 pm. After mentioning we were on the list everything went smooth as silk and 5 minutes later we were on the 55th floor enjoying the view, thx Chris.
5	Was a little hesitant to try this but I'm glad I did! Got to see skrillex at XS for free! wait time was about 10 mins, no problem! Also got free limo to strip club and then got dropped off to ghostbar and got in free too! All the girls got free drinks on top of the free admission too! Will be using again!
5	It's only been my second time in Vegas and not familiar with the scene but thanks to Chris I plan on going more often. He got me and my fiance on the guest list to some of the best spots and it was just a great time I like that he sent emails and txt confirmations there's no other promoter I will go to on future Vegas trips
5	This place delivered exactly what was promised and with such swiftness! Went to their website, signed up for a guest list for that night, received a text within 2 minutes confirming my placement on the guest list as well as an email confirmation (efficiency!) Showed up to Tryst that night during specified time period, got in for free and received a free drink ticket (deals are different depending on club). I will ALWAYS use this service upon my trips to Vegas. How easy and convenient. I'm not sure why everyone doesn't use Free Vegas Club Passes.I will definitely be spreading the word. Thanks Kate & Chris!
5	Chris is incredible!  He took care of me and my girls from beginning to end all weekend.  Admittedly, I was skeptical at first and wasn't sure if the whole "VIP" thing was going to actually work, I was almost convinced I was going to show up to the club and the bouncer was going to laugh at me and say "what list? Chris who??" I never thought I'd be so happy to be so wrong!  Chris texted me throughout the day and confirmed our names on the list hours before we even got ready to go out.  He also gave specific instructions on how to get in (XS' night swim was a massive event and getting in was going to be tricky).  There was hardly a wait and to top it off, we got free drinks!  I'm going back for a bachelorette party in October, he will be the only person I'm contacting for that weekend.Thank you Chris for making my 30th b-day extravaganza an awesome one!  You definitely helped me ring in my 30's with style and bravado. =)
5	Chris is awesome! I found this through a website and was skeptical at first. I tried it anyway and this made our vegas experience remarkable. No hassle!I came with a group of friends who kept changing plans last minute and I would text Chris constantly, and he would still accommodate our requests (as much as possible). He really does make the extra effort to help you out!
4	So, I was totally skeptical about this service even after reading all the great Yelp reviews. But, I figured my friends and I had nothing to lose by signing up so I did. I gave our dates and party interests for Vegas, and within hours I had a full itinerary in my email from Chris Hornak for the entire weekend! I was like, cool! When we arrived at the first venue and said we were on the list, sure enough, WE WERE! No hassle, no questioning, no dirty looks. Chris and his team were all over the communication for these parties the entire weekend. A few venues had to be changed for different reasons, but I received a text first thing in the morning with the update. I will use this service every time I'm in Vegas from now on, and I highly recommend that you try it too!
5	LOVE,LOVE, LOVE the A-list treatment received from FVCP.... Chris Hornak is the MAN !!!!
5	Despite being a guy, which usually makes clubs in Vegas see dollar signs in their eyes, Chris was able to get me and my buddy into plenty of awesome spots in Vegas for free! We had a great time without spending tons of money and for that, I am grateful.I highly recommend using the site next time you go to Vegas.
5	Do not hesitate to sign up on online!!!!!!!!!I did but this website is LEGIT, THE REAL DEAL. It was my girls (2) and I's first time in Vegas and we signed up for Caesar's Venus Pool, Light, XS, and texted us deals about the Bank and Strip club specials! We couldn't make it to half but the ones that we went to Tryst and Light went by smoothly. People pulled us out of line, got us to the front, gave us free drink passes, and inside quickly and effortlessly. Chris is super responsive through text and sends event reminder texts! I definitely recommend his services and will be using this for my planned Vegas NYE trip!
5	1st time in Vegas and wanted to party with the love. Looked through yelp and found Chris with great reviews. Didn't hesitate to try this out with all the positive reviews. It was simple, fast and easy. Would use this service again whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
5	I was hesitant to sign up at first as I thought it was too good to be true! But you know what! Chris H came through! He's very professional because the day prior to your arrival he confirms if you or your group are still in town and gives you a list of places to go to. I had no problems getting inside the club and thankful for his help. We were able to get into TAO Beach and TAO nightclub without having to pay! Thank you again for excellent service and for coming through.
5	Chris Hornak did it again! this site always pulls through! Coming from grand canyon, my brother and I decided to take a detour to Vegas. After checking in, we had absolutely no plans. 10pm on a Saturday night, as I type this review afrer 2 texts, BAm! We're on a guest list! You all rock!!! - G Gopez
5	Have to say Chris has it going on in vegas, I dont hesitate to sign up online every weekend I visit Las Vegas. I always get Hooked up with either free entrance to pool parties and nightclubs or at a low cost compared to original price. I highly recommend to sign up if you want the best deals in Las Vegas.Last time i went to vegas, i got free entrance to Ditch Fridays pool party and Ghostbar same day. Had a blast at both spots, Thanks Chris!
5	This right here is DEFINITELY the real deal.  Chris will text you and welcome you to Vegas. We checked out Tao on Thursday, Ditch Friday during the day and Body English on Friday night/ The admission was FREE. The ambiance was amazing, and I will definitely been signing up again when we return to Vegas. This saved us quite a ton of money $$$
5	Chris was fantastic this past weekend!!! I was skeptical at first but he came through with everything that was promised. The website is easy to use and he always sends verification texts out to confirm. My friends and I had no issues on his guest lists. Anytime we had questions he answered very promptly! I highly recommend him as an amazing promoter that won't let you down! Thanks so much Chris!!!!
5	Chris is absolutely amazing! I tell him what clubs I want to go too and he gets me in. Sometimes I change my mind and I'll  send him a text and he puts me on the new guest list no hesitation. Now that marquee is on the list he sent me there on Friday and it was the best experience ever! Thank you do much Chris!! Hopefully I'll be back before the end of the year!!
5	Had an amazing 30th bday celebration thanks to Chris! Texted him at 1am the day befor my trip. He replied right away and added me on the guest list for Marquee Day Club. Texted him later that I wasn't going to make it on time and he replied instantenly with a VIP list that had a later check in! Fridsy night got into Ghostbar with no cover charge for females or males. Highlight was Saturday night, he got me a GREAT deal for bottle service at Tao. Unheard of when a female to male ratio is 1:1. Chris provides an exceptional and much needed service. He will be my go to contact for all future Vegas trips!!!
5	If you are coming to Vegas, definitely use Free Vegas Club passes! Check out the website and choose the events or clubs depending on the date because each day, there might be a different deal! For instance, there might be one that offers free admission, while another one offers free drinks til midnight etc. So definitely, plan ahead (or not). Chris is very responsive via text and makes sure your experience is flawless. When I told him I was looking for something to do after clubbing he immediately sent us a limo to a strip club and hooked us up with free drinks. This one time, the limo driver who was supposed to drive us back to our hotel did not show up for 30mins, so we took a taxi to our hotel. I told my concern to Chris and he even paid for my cabfare. I was very pleased and suprised by his gesture!I definitely recommend FVCP! It will make your Vegas experience more convenient and fun. In short: free dranks, vip access and skip lines!
5	This company is awesome!!! We went to Vegas last weekend for my husbands dirty 30 bday weekend and a friend told us about this website, we signed up, 4 guys, 4 girls and got in to the two clubs we wanted to completely FREE!!! Barely any wait, free drinks for the ladies at Day Light and awesome communication on Chris' behalf.  This saved us so much money and made us feel like VIPs all weekend! I will be using this service for every Vegas trip from here on out!!
5	All of my texts were responded within minutes (!) and his email to follow up on arrival times, estimated waits, and costs (reduced cover for guys, girls always free on guest list) were spot on.  I would rather pay (reduced cover) then go with another company I used (no cover night clubs) as the latter does not give the follow up emails Chris' company does that tell when to arrive and estimated wait.  This is key because you can be trapped waiting in line for awhile otherwise.  Highly recommended.
5	This was my first time using a promoter in Vegas. I was reading reviews about each club I was interested in going to during my Labor Day Weekend trip, each review said to get on a guest using a promoter. So I just googled "best Vegas promoter" and this website freevegasclubpasses.com came up along with all the Yelp reviews. I was a little hesitant to sign up and give my information out, but it paid off!!! I wish I would have found this site last time I was in Vegas. Since I signed up so late there was only a few clubs to choose from. I chose the day club TAO beach club & LAX for night. Walked up to the bouncer and told him I was on the guest list, he asked for my name and checked it, I walked right in without a cover!!  Chris Hornak emails & text you pretty frequently to give you updated information regarding your guest list requests. I'm so impressed with this company, I'm telling all my friends!! Use them, you won't be disappointed and it's FREE!!!!
5	Chris has to be someone powerful in Vegas or some kind of owner.I was at Hyde at Bellagio with my group. The club was taking forever to let guestlist people in. I was getting frustrated with the wait. I talked to a bouncer and told me I would have to pay cover. I texted Chris and told him my situation, within seconds he replied and told me he had it under control. A minute later a club manger calls me and pulls me out of the line and apologizes and gets my group in and gives me free drink vouchers. CHRIS IS THE MAN!!!!!!
5	There's been a couple of changes with Free Vegas Club Passes since my last review but no worries, all the changes are good. For your first night of clubbing you have a couple more options than just going to the clubs located in Palms. Also, as long as you have a 1:1 ratio there's a pretty good chance guys won't have to pay cover at all. They still have great customer service. Any questions you have are answered in minutes. These guys are the best.
5	I usually don't write review. I really got to do it for this service.  I really amaze with the fast response and service provided by Chris.  At first i was not sure if this is legit.  As we have nothing plan anyway so my friends and I think try not give this a try.  Chris was really good.  We went online and let him know where we want to go and how many of us.  On that day Chris text us the information and when need to be in the club.  At night we just got to the hotel guest line and we got in the club within 5 min.  We have 4 girl and 1 guy.  We all got in for free.  All the girls even got free drink til 11.  I am sure will use his service again next time im in town.  Again Thank Chris.
5	This was the easiest way for me to travel to vegas with guys. I was able to text Chris daily about club deals and the guys never had to pay to get in. It was hassle free and easy to hear from Chris. I will continue to use him when I return to vegas!
4	OK, if you're like me, you're thinking, "Whoa, this sounds sketch and too good to be true." But this really works! I have no clue how Chris Hornak makes any money but his services are legit. You get exactly what you order.1) Hop on the website and select which date(s) you're interested in. 2) Pick which club(s) you want to visit. 3) Enter the number of guests you have and your contact info. Chris will send you an email and text with confirmation details and on the day of your selection, he will send you more info. Just follow those steps and you'll get into the club. Chris was great with communication and answered all of my questions.My boyfriend and I got into Hyde at the Bellagio on a Tuesday night. We signed up for a free pass on Sunday and received a confirmation right away. When we arrived at Hyde, we informed the bouncer we were on Chris Hornak's guest list. We didn't have to pay AND received a free drink! (Although the drinks were no bueno but that's for another review.) A dude not paying for cover? Sounds like a hoax but seriously, this works. Chris also put us on the guest list at Ghostbar over at Palms; I didn't even ask!It was an extremely busy night on Tuesday so we had to wait in line for at least 30 minutes at Hyde. I guess that wasn't too bad considering we got into one of two clubs opened in Vegas on a Tuesday night. I contacted Chris and asked for his help and he responded promptly. He even offered limo and drinks specials at some strip club afterwards. I passed because I'm not that kind of gal. I like to keep it classy (not that showgirls aren't classy).I would definitely recommend Chris's services, and if I return to Vegas, I would go to him again.
5	Thanks Chris, we really had a blast celebrating my hubbys b day :), and it was all thanks to you. I Will def be contacting you next time we head to Vegas:) I reallyrecomend his service -tottally legit - great communication by email n text- gives u exact info and accurate-girls enter  usually free/free drinks/ and almost no lines ( got in clubs less than 5 min). After seeing all the ratings and reviews I'm positive you will be contacting Chris and I primise you, you will not regret it. Thanks chris again!!!!!
5	So I was initially wary of using this service since I needed to provide an email and phone # BUT I am so glad I did. Heading to Vegas this last weekend with my boyfriend and being REALLY out of the loop I had no clue where to go or how to get in. I signed up and basically had access to any club we wanted. They texted that day we arrived and welcomed me to Vegas. After which, they were our personal concierge responding with any questions or requests. We were worried since it was just me and my dude but it didn't matter. We got into Marquee Night Club, Drais Beach Club, Daylight (open bar for Ladies 11-2pm) and XS Night Club at no cost to either of us. We just needed to get there before a certain time which was fine seeing as most guy covers could be up to $75. I would definitely suggest using these service and taking advantage of their connections. Vegas can be expensive but its doesn't have to be. Thank you so much for making this trip our best trip to Vegas thus far. Look forward to using you guys next year. :)
5	The whole experience was quick and easy Chris's responses were efficient and informative both email and text. We got to the Ghostbar at the Palms security quickly validated the information and gained access right away, the night was fun and a great experience. I've used them since 2009, and as long as they're around Ill use them again. Defenitely worth it I recommend to friends all the time!
5	I can't believe how awesome this service was! My boyfriend and I thought it would be a hoax, but everything came out perfectly! No waiting in line, free admission for both of us and a free drink for me! Thanks Chris!
5	I've tried other promoters in Vegas before but from now on I will stick with Chris and his team. I don't know if different promoters can give you better deals, since girls are pretty much always get free cover anyway. What I appreciate them the most is that they reply to your texts or emails VERY FAST. When you are the coordinator of the group, and doing club hopping in Vegas,  you know things can get chaotic, if your promoter can't help you immediately when you need it. But with Chris,  every question is answered within five minutes,  even those not-so-important questions. Great promoter. Definitely will recommend him to who wants to party with no worries in Vegas!
5	Chris is the man!!! What a great service. I will always use his company for my future vegas trips.
4	Just got home from Vegas and had a very positive experience with Chris and freevegaspasses.com.  Loved the communication - texts and emails telling us we were confirmed at the clubs.  And always fast responses to any questions.  Amazing to not have to wait in line and not have to pay.  Delivered exactly as promised.  I was referred by a friend and I will tell everyone I know to use Chris's services.  Thanks for making this a a great trip!
5	Great and easy service! Just sign up for the club you want to go to on their website, they have the days that offer free entrance to different clubs, once you pick the one you want, just put your name, number and email address and show up. Chris is the gentleman i got the passes from for Ghostbar, it is worth going to this site
5	We had a group of 5 guys and 5 girls! And i thought i have nothing to lose by texting Chris and trying this out!! I was nervous walking up there and saying "Hi I'm on the guest list!" But there reply was Yes! You and your group come on in! It was awesome! We went out 3 nights in a row and our group of 10 never had to pay to get in.. I will always be contacting Chris when I go back to Vegas. We couldn't imagine our trip without him!  Thanks so much!!!
5	Chris Hornak is amazing!!! Extremely fast service and communication! Chris makes sure he accommodates to your needs and wants you to have a wonderful time whether it's day or night. Any concerns with changes on our list was emailed and texted to us within minutes and with full details!! Very impressive service and will definitely be in contact next time we are in Vegas again!
5	What a great Birthday Las Vegas Trip... Thank you so much Chris you were great. Days before my weekend trip I received via text message telling me about my upcoming travel dates. Clubs times, when & were to be there With no problems. I loved how when I showed up at the clubs I was on a actual guest list with my name didn't have to wait in the big lines & my guest and I were free with either a hour to drink or 1 free drink. The most important thing I appreciated the most was the Day of my Birthday (Sunday Oct 5th) I was able to text Chris with me wanting to go to a different clubs within seconds of the via text message to Chris I had the confirmation ready to go for the new club that I chose. I had so much fun non stop fun I love coming to VEGAS!!!!! THANK YOU SOOOOOO MUCH CHRIS!!!!                                                       *Jamey S.*
5	Chris Hornak and his team are simply the best. When my wife was planning our Vegas trip she accidentally found about the free vegas club passes. I wasn't so sure because it sounded too good to be true. Guess what, not only did we get free VIP passes (and free drinks at some of the clubs) we went to the most happening parties on the busiest Labor day weekend. Marquee at Cosmopolitan, Tao beach pool party, Palms pool party - the list is endless. Everyday we would wake up to a text from Chris confirming our reservation and letting us know when to arrive to beat the crowd. Their service is absolutely amazing, considering it is absolutely FREE!!! 10/10 to Chris for making this one of our most memorable Vegas trips!
5	This service is amazing. I got text messages about the locations. Marquee Club was absolutely awesome! Easy to get in and free drinks for ladies until 11 p.m. ! What more could a girl ask? All in all absolutely perfect! Thanks a lot Chris! :-)
5	i highly reccommend free vegas club passes they are on point and made my recent stay in vegas more enjoyable by getting me on guest lists for clubs i wanted to attend, Make sure you contact them if you are and out of towner. They will make your club going experience very enjoyable. chris hornak deserves the most honest promoter ever award
5	The best way to get quick access into a lot of vegas' hottest clubs! I texted him an hour before a club opened and he got me on the list! Chris is amazing! Use him :)
5	Chris Hornak is legit. By far the best promoter in Vegas. Screw those dudes on the strip, book in advance and have no worries w/Chris. He made sure I had all the info and my friends and I got into XS and Marquee w/o any problems.
5	BEST PROMOTER EVER!! Free drinks and only 5 minute wait times. Yup count me in! I went to Vegas on LDW2014 and it was a success thanks to Chris. Communication is great and you receive texts throughout the day regarding arrival/wait times.I had a blast at all the clubs. Got in quick when arriving at the time Chris suggested and got free drinks! I really appreciate all his emails and texts, great communication!
5	I have no idea how he does it, but CHRIS IS THE BEST!Even with last minute changes, Chris was more than able to accommodate us in a very timely manner. He got my group of 2 guys and 2 girls into Tryst on Halloween (10/31/2014) for FREE as long as we arrived before 12 AM. We only waited in line for 10 minutes before getting to skip general admission. The girls got a free drink voucher (good for up to $15). Thank you so much, Chris. I'm definitely recommending you to all my friends.
5	This is the easiest and best way to enjoy Vegas! The proper way to enjoy Las Vegas!!! It cannot get any better than what Chris Hornak offers. And it is 100% LEGITIMATE! I have been to Vegas multiple times; always and will always use Free Vegas Club Pass or Chris Hornak Las Vegas Night Club. Sign up - Receive a Text telling you what club and at what time...then get in for FREE! Who said Vegas had to be expensive? Not with this guy! Thank you for all your help!
5	I seriously don't know what magic system this is, but it worked out really well for my group of friends. We were in Vegas for Halloween weekend and learned the hard way on Friday that we should have engaged the services of a promoter to  get into a club. We headed to Marquee (in the Cosmo) and ended paying the full cover. Ouch!The next day we decided to be more organized, so when we found Chris' website we cautiously decided to give it a shot. I felt more comfortable speaking with someone over the phone, so first I tried calling the number. No one picked up, but I got a text within 30 seconds of me hanging up apologizing that they couldn't pick up . I texted them back and asked for options Saturday night, and they provided the names of 4-5 clubs and another 4-5 strip clubs. The actual process when we got to the club (we picked Tao for Saturday) was seamless. We got into the guest line, waited for maybe 10 minutes or so until we spoke with a gentlemen and told him we were on the Chris Hornak guest list, and then they let us into this special line that was significantly shorter. There was an open bar for girls between 10:30-11:30 to boot! Woohoo!We wanted to get into XS on Sunday since we saw Skrillex would be DJ-ing there, so rinse and repeat, except this time we went to the website and filled out a form. We were able to get into the club for free with a free drink coupon for each girl in our group!! Not bad!I highly recommend hitting up Chris and his team if you want to have a good time in Vegas!
5	The crazy thing is that this really works!!! I've been going to Vegas clubs for years and have always had to try to locate promoters on the strip or call to get on guest lists. Or I had to call the couple of promoters I know for only specific clubs.  Typically I had to wait in long lines.  Since my wife and I were going to Vegas for Halloween I decided to prepare ahead of time.  I stumbled across the website on line and after reading others reviews I decided to give it a try. I signed up to go to Tryst (one of the pricier clubs) on the evening of Halloween and got an instant confirmation. Chris was very thorough and began to be in communication leading up to that evening.  I have to admit I was skeptical since it was one of the busiest Vegas club nights of the year.  However, Chris texted me the day of and told me I was on the guest list.  I told the bouncers that I was on the guest list and I was instantly moved to the front of the extremely long line.  After about ten min, a lady with a clipboard came up and gave us passes and a complimentary drink! We got in a couple of minutes after.  Club was packed and we had a great time!  Thanks Chris for your professionalism.  I still find it hard to believe that this really works! I recommend highly.
5	Great service! On Chris Hornak's Guest list my g/f and I were able to go to LIGHT in Mandalay Bay (free for her, reduced cover for me) in addition to two free drink vouchers! If you've ever been to an upscale club, you know the bar can do major damage to the wallet. We text Chris every time we're in LV.
5	I'm not sure how they do it, but Chris Sure came through! He is always available via text message, and delivered exactly what the website promised! Will definitely use again!
5	Quick and easy process. Highly recommend using their website to get into clubs for free. Chris provides quick text messages informing you of confirmation.  Definitely will use them again when in Vegas!!
5	I used Chris last year for my friends birthday trip to vegas. We had 2 guys and 3 girls in our group and Chris was able to get us all in for free to Avicii at Encore's beach party nightclub! It was an amazing trip! Definitely going to use his services again!
5	I live in southern California and go to vegas 3-4 times a year.  I have used Chris for years and have never been disappointed. .
5	I was in Vegas for my birthday the week before Christmas. Its probably the slowest season and some of the clubs weren't even open (oh Hakkasan, I will enter you!)Anyhow, being a local promoter in Seattle, the club scene here is very, very small compared to the LV scene. Enter Chris Hornak and FreeVegasClubPassesThis guy was amazing! The website lets you customize your stay with incredible offers for clubs (even the stripping ones if thats your persuasion) and late night parties too.At the last minute the bf and I made plans to go to a different club and Chris helped us out. We had great communication, updates, and after a snafu with the guest list line at LIGHT in Mandalay (they made the guest list line the normal door line and the wait was over an hour plus cover) Chris helped us out and made our experience top notch.I strongly recommend him and his service 100%.Also just a word to the wise- if you're using to owning your city and walking into any club, LV is a little different unless you plan it where your'e only going to hit up one club for the evening and don't mind waiting in line. If you're looking to get in fast, use Chris' service, he'll treat you well and the clubs here are so large you really should rely on a great promoter like him to help you navigate!
5	Chris is awesome, I was hesitant about this guest list because it seemed to good to be true. But we had no issues the first night for Marquee on a Monday. Our party of 5 girls and 1 guy just showed up, told them my name and we got to the front of the VIP guest list line and we all got in within 10 mins. 2nd night, we used another promoter from another site because we wanted to go to a club that wasn't offered with FreeVegasClubPasses. However the other site just seemed like a copy cat version of this site. It was FreeVegasClubPass (notice it is missing the ES of passes) powered by Anything Nightlife and that was a disaster. Promoter named Lee 'put' us on a guest list for a club that was closed that night. So our party got all dressed up and showed up to Drais where the club was actually closed. Way to screw us over. So we texted Chris and he was able to get us last minute onto another guest list (and we even got a free drink ticket!) and saved our last night in Vegas. Thanks Chris, you're awesome. Very prompt with replies and professional. You saved the night.Would give you 6 stars if possible.
5	Chris is amazing! This guy can pull all the stunts. We were a party of 8 with 5 guys (tough ratios) and I was amazed at the VIP treatment we received at many of the bars and lounges we went into. My favorite was the Foundation room at the Mandalay Bay overlooking the strip. VIP cover with no charge, girls got drinks for free and the boys got some at the bar. Drinks weren't too expensive considering the view!
5	Chris is great! He made it super easy for Jorene and me to pick which club(s) we wanted to go to on each day. We got free entry, and the lady got free open bar for an hour. Chris does an excellent job of making the process easy and letting you know exactly what to do. He is also available and easy to contact if you need to. I would highly recommend using him and will definitely use him again when I return to Vegas.
5	Chris Hornak should be spelled A-W-E-S-O-M-E!! I have used his website Free Vegas Club Passes for going on two years now and he has never disappointed. He responds quickly whether it is sending out an email to confirm the nightclubs requested, responding to general questions, and if for some reason there is a change with the club you were confirmed for he actually notifies you ahead of time and gives you other options to accommodate you. I have had many great nights and have been able to get in to so many of Las Vegas hottest spots thanks to Chris. In fact, I am heading to Vegas this coming weekend and I can't wait!!!!
5	This is legitimate.  Chris promptly responds to texts and comes through each time. I had to wait Maybe five minutes in lines and was given free drink tickets at clubs. Amazing! 5 stars!!!
5	I have used this service 2 times and both times I had great service. For all clubs we waited about 10 min tops to get in.  Of course the more girls you have in your group the more options you have in clubs.  Got in to Marquee, Tao, Hyde, LAX and others I don't remember with out a problem.  I do remember that guys had to pay for Marquee because that time we it was 4 guys and 2 girls but it was only $20 so not too bad. Going to Vegas this weekend so I will update this review next week. :) Thanks Chris.
