5	I get the Road Runner Sports catalog in the mail, and was very happy to finally have them finally open up a physical store in the Tempe Marketplace.  From the catalog, I knew they had a wide variety of shoes, clothing, and running accessories, and the store was stuffed full of them.  But once you step inside the store you get something that you cannot get from ordering online: superior customer service.I was having some foot issues from running and wanted to check to see if maybe it was my shoes.  Their sales staff was excellent in analyzing my foot, stride, arch, and so forth and were able to recommend a great pair of shoes that have not caused me any problems whatsoever (that'll teach me to by running shoes at a Nike outlet store).  They've got treadmills set up so that you can test out the shoes and a 30-day return policy on the shoes just in case they don't quite work out for you.For those of you that are avid runners and see yourselves coming to this store often, I'd recommend joining their VIP program.  You'll get discounts both at the store and online and even earn a free pair of shoes too.  You can't be that.  Happy running!
3	Running is a good way to sweat out yesterday's booze. That's science.So, in training for my first half marathon, I realize it's new-shoe time. And since my last few pairs of Asics were sale-rack Sports Authority numbers, I decide to enlist some professional help. A friend's recommendation sends me to Road Runner, where they have some fancy gizmo to help me find the perfect shoes. One catch: It's in Tempe Marketplace. I brace myself for the onslaught of '90s one-hit-wonder pop songs as I open the car door. My head hurts already. At least there aren't any sullen high school kids in sight. Let's get this over with.Shoe salesmen are always a bit creepy (I'm looking at you, Fashion Square Dillard's). But Road Runner's employees manage to mix the traditional sleazy shoe guy with a running nut. In other words: even creepier. And definitely with more unnecessary pep. They chat me up, size my feet, test my pressure points and put me on a treadmill barefoot. Forty-five minutes later, I'm out the door with the same shoes I probably would have picked on my own. Next time, I'll wear the new pair out. So I can run to the car.
4	I went in to Road Runner to buy a gift card for my boss. This store carries everything a crazy runner could want. There is a wide variety of clothing, shoes and all sorts of  accessories for running. The service was fast and friendly and since I had some extra time I walked around the store. I thought it was pretty cool that you could try on a pair of shoes and run with them on a treadmill before you buy them. Or you could run barefoot and they look at your pressure points to see how your foot hits, then recommend the right kind of shoe for you. Pretty neat. If I ran I would probably appreciate this even more.
1	I will never set my pretty little feet in this store again. Too bad for them because the spouse and I are serious runners in need of new Asics every 4-6 months.We've been three times, always on a Saturday. Every time, they only have 2 folks working. On a Saturday! That's just crappy management. Typically, one of the employees is analyzing a customer's stride on the treadmill. And the other one is running shoe boxes from the back. The last time, we stood at the register to pay for our purchases for nearly 20 minutes before someone finally got to us.Order from the catalog. Avoid the store like the plague.
4	Good selection of running shoes and clothing. They can do a running analysis to give good insight on how you run and which type of shoes are best for your style. Knowledgeable staff helpful with answers to questions. I went at lunch on a Wednesday and they had four employees working - enough to handle questions and provide a running assessment to a customer. I purchased The RPI sprinter stick today and received good information from the sales clerk. Some businesses also have a discount, so check into that. My company has a 20% discount, as does my affiliation with Arizona Road Racers. The store also sells a VIP card for $20 annually that provides and additional discount. If you have the VIP card and belong to a group or work at a company with a discount, you can save a good amount of money. You can also pick up the latest running magazines and as well as pamphlets for upcoming local races.
4	Susan G Komen 3 day for the Cure 60 mile walk = better shoes than what I got on sale at "Who Knows Where" shoe store. Just the thought of walking 20 miles a day makes my feet scream. I wanted shoes that actually fit correctly and socks that will wick moisture. Saturday is a busy day at Road Runner BUT they had a load of employees running the show. I had to wait about 25 minutes to get on the treadmill and start the process. Chris was very informative and pleasant. Other employees were very attentive while I waited. Once I started the fitting process, it went like a well oiled machine. Everyone was very friendly and I noticed employees were helping each other and cleaning up the shoe boxes and socks as they did their other responsibilities. I never thought buying shoes could be such a pleasurable experience.
5	I just started "running" about a year ago.  When I say "running" that means I'm working my way up to a 5k from being a fat ass.  Anyway, after a few months of running in old shoes my wife talked me into going here and getting "real" running shoes and not just whatever sneakers were on sale at the mall.  I was afraid I would be talked into a $200 pair by some salesperson who would make me think they would enable me to run for forever without getting tired.  However, this was not the case at all.  Our guy there, Brandon, analyzed my running on their treadmill thing and recommended some very reasonable kicks.  They were like $50 or something.  They lasted for like a year and I just went back to see Brandon last weekend to get something new.  Again he recommended a very good pair that I love so far.  They were pretty inexpensive as well. Right when you walk in the door you will probably be greeted by an overly friendly associate like the moment you step out of your car at a car dealership.  He/she will then try to answer your questions or give you to an employee that works in the particular department of the gear you are looking to purchase.  However, if you are just browsing somebody will probably come up to you every 2 minutes to ask if you need any assistance.  Anyway, aside from that, it is a pretty good shopping experience.  It also looks like they have some pretty sweet deals and sales if you are part of their "club".  A member of my family is so I use his discount which is usually pretty substantial so if you are a mildly serious runner then I would spring the few bucks to become a member.Their selection of running stuffs seems to be pretty large and comprehensive.  I can't think of anything else I would ever need to run.  Looks like there is some pretty advanced stuff there but I doubt I'll ever get to the point of actually needing it.I plan to return every few months for a new pair and whatever other gear I think I need to run like the wind.
5	Carrie was INCREDIBLE. I stopped in here just to check out their Brooks selection because these shoes are my absolute favorite to run in. What I anticipated to be just a quick conversation with Carrie about if I should stick with the Ghosts or try a new pair, turned into nearly an hour of examining my feet and getting tips from Carrie about my first ever marathon this upcoming January.This is the best service I've ever gotten in a shoe store. Prices are on point with any other athetic shoe dealer. Go here. I loved it!
4	I hate running barefoot! ...  But I would do it again for the perfect shoes. That statement may not make sense, so let me explain. At Road Runner sports, you can get a free evaluation of your feet and your run style prior to getting fit for running shoes.  I have been running for about 15 years, and never knew I had a severely high arch, which means I have been buying the wrong kind of shoes for this entire time.   The evaluation itself takes about 20 minutes, but there were a few people on the list before me, so the whole trip took about an hour.  Let me warn you, they will try to sell you custom inserts for your shoes... that's where they try to recoup the cost for the evaluation machines.  I refused to buy them because I didn't want to spend another $80 on top of the cost of shoes, and I've never used them before.  Despite the overkill on the insert selling, the associate who assisted me was very attentive and stuck with me through the whole process (Evaluation, shoe selection and purchase).  Road Runners has a nice selection of shoes, and great sales. I picked up a $110 pair of shoes on sale for about $75.  ** TIP:  I didn't need to use this, but when I called the store, I was told that they will honor prices on the road runners website (even though they are not directly tied to the website store) if mentioned at the time of purchase.
4	I'm not an avid runner but this is a place to check out even if you are a beginner.  I checked out this place during one of their monthly free 5k's and loved it!  The staff and other attendees were very friendly.  I did make another  trip back to purchase some running shoes.  I don't know how or why but they made me run barefoot!  I didn't like it!  I like that they give free evaluation of your running style.  I did purchase a pair of shoes that I feel have helped me with my running goals.
5	For years, I have had a problem with walking and running where my calves tighten up almost immediately after I get started, regardless of how much I stretch both before and after.  I had doctors check for P.A.D. and give a whole slew of opinions, none of which has ever helped.  I mentioned this to a buddy of mine who runs a lot and he said it might be my shoes.  I went on to explain how I thought all shoes were the same and noone in Footlocker ever asks about how my legs feel when I run.  He laughed and told me to block off an hour and go here, to RoadRunner Sports.  So, after work one day I went.This was the best experience in a shoe store, ever.  I was greeted by a friendly sales clerk who showed me around the store and explained their VIP program while we waited for a treadmill to open up to do a stride analysis.  I was blown away by the analysis itself.  It took about 10 minutes and in those ten minutes I found out more about how I walk and run than I had known before.  I found out that I walk slightly differently, a condition known as over pronation.  My clerk was attentive and very knowledgable, showing me every part of how I step and what was causing my leg pains.He did an arch analysis, show my lack of an arch and told me the custom insoles would be uselss, but a different, less expensive kind would be better.  Based on my analysis, he went off and found three different pairs of shoes in my exact size and let me try on both the left and the right.  Additionally, I got to try them with the recommended insoles and without to see if I liked the difference.I got an honest opinion on looks as well as brand and received an excellent pair of shoes.  I then went home and walked 5 pain-free miles, something I haven't felt in years.AMAZING experience, will go here over and over for my running shoes.
5	Free Group run! Hundreds of dollars in free prizes! Free beer! Where they do that at? At Road Runner Sports - come for the Third Thursday Adventure Fun run every...you guessed it...third Thursday. A little hint - spend the $25 to buy the shirt. It gives you double the raffle coupons and is a nice tech shirt to boot. Here's how it goes down: 6 pm the map drops from a large van. There are 8 check points (including some secret ones on Facebook). Basically run what you can, hit the check points, gather the tickets and get your butt back to Road Runner by 7 pm and your tickets are entered in a raffle for free prizes. You can even try products for (you guessed it) free! Tonight I tried a fuel belt. There was also the opportunity to try Puma shoes, chips, and even Garmins.The sales folks have always been helpful when I have been there. The store has a wide selection of shoes and clothes. The service and products are great, but this new free run really puts them over the top for me. I guess it's not "new"...tonight was the third running.The only thing I was going to negatively rate was the VIP program. It is $20 and I thought it was a one time fee and not an annual charge...but re-reading my initial review, my own words state $20 annually...so who's the dumbass now? If you go frequently, the $20 will be saved quickly, but just remember it is automatically charged next year.
4	I have been to Road Runner a few times for specific items like an IT-Band brace or to pick up a race packet, but never to really shop for clothing. I assumed the prices would be high since it's a specialty shop. I ended up here after I couldn't find what I was looking for at a sporting goods store. They sell their own brand of running gear, as well as name brands, and have pretty competitive prices. You can purchase a membership card for $20 and get the "member' price on items which is a little cheaper. This might be worth it if you are making a bigger purchase like shoes but I passed on it as I was just buying some running pants. The sales staff always seems very friendly in here-like they really like their job--and that's nice when that comes across in their customer service. They have turned me into a new fan and I'd certainly return next time for my running needs.They also seem very involved in the community hosting group runs and packet pick ups. I even took a free class here before I did the Susan G. Komen 3-day.
5	3rd Thursday....WOOHOO!  what a concept!! I really love it, I just wish I know more local streets to figure out and plan better for the game, but it's tough for out of towner like me. Still, I had awesome time running, boozing, and chillin with likeminded folks in Tempe. I agree with other Yelpers, BEST to buy the shirt & beer mug kit before the race.  Oh and store workers were great, very knowledgeable and had good selection of shoes & items to empty out my wallet before my flight home, thx. Get some!!
5	The shop is a good running store with great selection and good prices. Two things make this store great. First, the employees are fantastic. the are very helpful and like to joke around with each other and with customers making it a comfortable place to work and shop. The employees are willing to spend as much time with you as you need. Most of them are runners as well. They are very knowledgeable. The second thing that really sells me on this store are the Third Thursday adventure runs. I had so much for on the last one. They are part scavenger hunt and part party. The run takes you through different places in Tempe. I made several new running friends and contacts with the East Valley Runners. After the run, free beer is flowing and samples are thrown at the crowd from the roof of a black bus. There is also a raffles with the tickets you collect from restaurants. O won the in store raffle, which included new shoes.
4	I'm much more prone to walk into a bar or eating establishment but in recognition that all consumption and no activity makes George an increasingly fatter individual, and with middle age, much more prone to all sorts of awful ailments, I made my every six to nine month trek into Road Runner to exchange my worn jogging shoes (and yeah, I use them for walking, not running, but you get the idea) for a new pair with whatever infernal new development has developed in running shoe technology (this time it is a move from a liquid to a solid cushion, whatever that means).Generally the activity is strong and this time I walked in and had to catch someone's eye and do the old "hey, over here, I want to buy something!" look. Once I got help the store person, Brandon I believe, was quite good. As the technology had changed he recommended I try the shoes on and gave me a pair of loaner socks. He even knew to pull out the custom insoles from my worn out pear of sneakers and put them into the new pair to try them out (yes, Road Runner is an establishment that is middle aged friendly). When I went to check out there was quite a line but it moved quickly and then the check-out person, a very nice young woman, encouraged me to get the VIP membership for $20 since it would save me $30 on the shoes and let me know the running socks were buy one get another pair half off. I had been thinking of buying some more athletic socks so a nice upsale and I picked up two pair.If I was the more athletic type I might rate it higher but I'm more the "I need to work out so lets get it over with" sort of person so I'm not a running store aficionado but buying new shows was a relatively painless experience and the store clerks seem to have some strong knowledge of their products and the art of running in general. Best of all, the check-out girl shook my hand before I left, a nice touch of professional behavior, and for that, I'll give this place an extra star. :-)
3	I spent a good chunk of time and change at Roadrunner Sports, looking for new walking shoes for a big walking event.  On my first visit the staff spent a lot of time with me, diagnosing my arches and walking style, then recommending some CUH-RAZY expensive custom inserts, along with some pretty spendy shoes, oh and don't forget the socks.  I get it, up-sell.  I am walking 60 miles in 3 days so I figured they were the experts and the shoes/inserts felt ok in the store so I bit the bullet and went with it.  After walking several weeks and many miles in my new kicks, the inserts were literally causing me pain.  No big deal, they have a liberal return policy so I went to return my EIGHTY DOLLAR custom inserts today to get a pair of perhaps more comfortable/less expensive ones, and they were so busy there was nobody to help on the sales floor.  So I opted to just return the custom inserts.  The guy at the counter (I think he was the manager actually) tried to argue with me that the inserts were fine, that the pain I was feeling was just my feet/legs getting used to finally having the support they've never had.  Really?  Because I was in physical discomfort every time I wore them, and I'm not willing to accept that I "just had to get used to them" after weeks of being patient.  This isn't my first 60 mile walk, so I know what feels right and what doesn't.  I give 3-stars since they do have a liberal return policy and my first experience was ok.  I just didn't appreciate the lecture from the employee telling me how I should feel about their insanely priced custom inserts.  My advice -- shop around, don't buy into the "custom" fit bologna, and you will probably find better elsewhere!
3	Nice people helping, except for when they are really busy.  I didnt like the fact that I waited so long to get "fitted" for the right pair of walking shoes, and they ones I liked they didnt have in stock in store or even online.  But alas, I found them online for about $50 cheaper!
1	At this store on Sunday, I was paying for a pair of men's running pants with a price tag of $59.99.   The clerk rang them up and said that the total was $71.  That would indicate quite a hefty tax on the item.  I questioned the total, and it turned out that the pants had rung up for $64.99, not the price on the tag.  The clerk ran a credit for the difference, but didn't volunteer that such a price discrepancy shouldn't have occurred or indicate that she would check into the matter further.  I wonder how many other people have been overcharged on this item, or will be in the future. Another deceptive practice of this business:  I had been by the store on another occasion and had asked a salesperson about the return policy on pants I was considering buying for my husband.   She said that there was no problem, just bring them back within 30 days.  I've just looked at today's receipt, and it says that gear can be returned "for an exchange or store credit."  There is no chance at all for a simple, uncomplicated return, and clerks at this store should be clear about that fact when they are asked.  On the receipt, the store claims that its return policy is "awesome."   Hmm, not so much. . .
5	I love Roadrunner. I've just gotten back into running and these guys know their stuff. They've got this whole treadmill video camera system you can use to get an analysis of your foot strike pattern so you can buy the best shoe for you. They're shoe prices are on par for what the same shoe will run you elsewhere but they also have a VIP membership that will save you 10% on all purchases. Membership is $19.99 in store but it was online for $1.99 so I mentioned that & was given the $1.99 price. Once a member you get other perks like free shipping. I ordered my new kicks since my size was out in store & got an email within 2hrs that the order was on its way! Now here's the best part, 90 days to try out your shoes. If you don't like the new barefoot Vibrams take them back and get some old skool Nikes instead. They also host running events at the store and giveaway parties. I just went to a bra fitting party for the ladies last week. Free goodie bag with keychain, sample body glide & notepad plus free champagne & chocolate covered strawberries. They had bra reps there doing personal signings & massage envy doing free massages. They even had raffles every 15mins for the 2hr event! I won a free bra priced at $50!! Love this place!!
3	I'm glad this location isn't actually in the mall...wasn't in the mood to go to the mall when I visited. Road Runner has a good discount/VIP program and they have a good selection of their own brand of athletic wear that is less expensive than a lot of brand names. I was asked several times during my visit if I needed help with anything at all. Though I didn't buy anything that day, I was pretty happy with my visit.
5	My first and only experience here was a great one!  Joseph and Jon both seemed more than happy to help me find a good pair of running shoes. Jon sent me through a short foot analysis process and then Joseph found some shoes that would accommodate my feet and were within my price range. I'm finally excited to start running again! Thank you Road Runner Sports!
2	Idiot boxes work here. I hate the customer service and DBag's that claim to be runners here. I can only say I get good deals on shoes but rather support a local joint. Seriously this place is for people who don't run. They sell them shoes and inserts and they never come back. Or come back with knee and joint problems due to improper shoes with way too much cushion. The customer service just sucks a ball. I hate how they greet you  and how they ring that stupid bell when someone joins the VIP.  I am like fuck off!! You've seen me here before douche!! LAME!!!!!! No thanks. Wont be back. I took advantage of the shoe discount but I can buy on-line or local. Fuck going in.Oh and also folks, give me a break. Your going to take advice from a hourly employee about what shoe is right for you due to a fancy treadmill with a camera? Please. Those guys don't know anymore about stride, foot strike and so on than the bum passed out at the bus stop! This place is a joke and makes it's money selling insoles and shoes to uninformed consumers. Stay away! Really!!
5	I love this shop. My husband and I bought shoes in May, both new brands/styles from our normal based on the advice of the staff. We wore them for about 60 days; I trained decently hard in mine and we just weren't feeling it. Enter the VIP perk. We are VIP members which allowed us to bring the shoes back and try again. The staff spent lots of time with us making sure we got the shoes we would be very happy with this time. The Adventure Runs are great, the member perks are great, everyone is friendly and supportive, they have clinics, etc. I love coming here and will keep coming back.
3	Buying running shoes is never "fun" for me... it's expensive.  But the good people at Road Runner do a good job of finding the shoe that is right for you with a 10+ minute foot analysis.   During the foot analysis, they also build you an insole which seems like it might be free, but is actually $70-something if you choose to take it at the end. They're big on pushing their VIP club, which costs $20 but gets you a $10 coupon and 10% off future purchases for a year.These people know what they are doing and the 3rd Thursday run seems like a great idea.Sadly, I think the pair of Brooks I bought wore out too quickly...but that is either my problem or Brooks' problem...not necessarily a fault of RR.
4	I went in for a simple knee brace, and came out with a whole lot more! I am not disappointed about this- I know their job is to sell. I really enjoyed getting the Shoe Dog analysis of my running. I've been running for three years now and over the past month is when the pain has really started. It was very interesting to see exactly how I land and push off, and I found out that less support wasn't really helping me- I needed more. We must have tried out 5 different pairs of shoes- which was actually a good thing because Jodie (the salesperson who helped me) had put some Rock Tape on my knee so I could try it out. So I had about 5 minutes total of running on their treadmill to test it. Neat stuff. So I ended up getting shoes, the insoles, tape, and also joined the VIP club so I saved about $40 on everything. It made the insoles cheaper. :) I've since tried out the shoes and the tape. I'm liking the shoes, but still wondering about the Rock Tape. We'll see. Overall I am happy with the service at Road Runner. If you are running for the long haul, it's worth it to become a VIP just for the 90 day shoe return policy. Just do your homework so you can tell if you're being fed a line to get the final sale or not.
5	I went into Road Runner Sports for some new shoes for a 1/2 Marathon and had some pretty incredible service! Not only did I get the shoes I needed, I got socks and signed up for the VIP program. I was very pleased with the service and I can not wait to start training! Steve, the Manager was extremely helpful and a very pleasant person to work with. I can't wait to go back and get many more things in the next few months!
3	This place has enthusiasm written all over it. Or maybe it just seemed that way when my friend and I picked up our Color Run race packets last Friday.This store has such a great selection of running shoes. It had the fancy foot fall analyzer so that you can have additional assistance when choosing the right running shoe. There were many slim water holders ranging from the kind you'd hold in your hand for during a shorter run to the other kind that you'd use when fueling yourself during a full marathon.There is a membership you can pay for where you get discounted prices on everything. Otherwise, I wouldn't say that Road Runner Sports is the cheapest place to find running stuff. I'd give this analogy.... REI:CAMPIING::ROAD RUNNER SPORTS:RUNNING. You get a great selection of super nice things, but it's hit or miss with pricing. Sometimes you can score extra big with clearance items though. I like how Road Runner Sports tries to get people active, fit, and healthy. They hold Adventure run runs on a monthly basis. The staff is informative and friendly. I would certainily come here again when looking for running gear, especially now that I'm becoming more serious about running. (Sorry, could I be any more redundant with the word, "running?" See? I told you I was was serious about it!
5	If you have any type of foot ailments from running, you need to come by and check out Road Runner Sports.  Road Runner Sports sells shoes custom fit for their consumers.  Information is entered into the database, and they see you run for pronation or other quirks in the way people run.  The coolest part is your stand on some foamy substance and they measure the arches of your feet.  They found out that I have extremely high arches, and this causes more pain to knees and other parts of my leg.  I spent about 1.5 hours at Road Runners, but I am glad I did.  I don't have any lingering issues when I run now!
1	I have been trying to get in to have the show dog test done. It is hard for me to do so because of my schedule. Tonight, I was able to get out of work at 7. I went straight to the Tempe location with my running shoes in hand. First, no one even acknowledged me for about 20 minutes, then when I finally do get acknowledged the sales person says that they cannot perform the shoe dog test on me because it was close to closing time and there were two people ahead of me. It was 7:30 pm on Feb. 16,2013. I asked if they could make an exception because I had just gotten out of work and didn't know when I would be able to cone back. I said I needed the shoes by tomorrow. She said " Well we can do a quick analysis."  I told her to forget it. I need a good test because I'll be running in a marathon. I would've bought 3 pairs of shoes and possibly more running gear and clothes. I said forget it, I'll go to another store. She just smiled and said "Ok". I was VERY disappointed! I will take my business elsewhere then. Seems the employees were more about getting out of work on time than making money.
3	While there are more items for sale at Road Runner Sports and the store is bigger than Sole Sports, I prefer Sole Sports for any running needs. While the employees here are friendly, they can be pushy about getting you to sign up for their membership or to be on their advertisement list. They're more relaxed at Sole Sports, and I feel like you get more personalized, expert advice there.
5	My words can't express my love for Road Runner Sports! I used to love them when they were only online! NOW I am loving that I can buy them in the real live flesh.. ummm.. leather.. or whatever. It was time to revamp my running gear. I needed new runners. I head to Tempe Marketplace to the mecca of RR. There is some sort of Adventure Run going on. I'm a little jelly that I am not in it. But after a year plus injury it may take me awhile to be that good again. I get a sales associate named , Amber. She puts me on the 'Shoe Dog' right away and lets me know what my foot needs in a running shoe. I have a very high arch. She takes the time and I end up with a jazzy looking Adidas lightweight running shoe and a train load of Under Armour. I re-up my VIP club, which for $20, is worth it. With it you get a , "Wear 90 days and return guarantee". Free shipping, if you need to order from Road Runner.. just as a few perks. My first run with my new Adidas was not good. My heel is very narrow and I ended up walking back from my run limping. Awful. NO run the next day because I had huge blisters on my heels. Day 3, I tried again on a treadmill. Nope. Same thing. When I landed back in PHX, I went back to RR and no questions asked. Amber put me into another shoe. A Mizuno , after trying on several others and telling me the ones I liked, (purely based on colors ! ), were all wrong for my foot. I even asked if I could just place something in the heels of the Adidas to help me and she said I had the smallest Adidas and it would not serve me well on my runs. I did opt for the Mizuno , a pricier running shoe. No worries. They matched the price, even though I never would have expected that. Amber is an awesome sales girl, as all the staff is. Patient and very knowledgable about sports and fitness. Even races in the area. I can't say enough about this store and how worth the drive it is!
5	Third Thursday Adventure Runs, packet pick ups, great customer service, fun events every month, and everything you need under one roof if you run/walk? Truly can't think of how it could get any better!!
5	I came here to check out a specific shoe, with my back and knee problems I'm researching and trying to find a perfect fit that will help with my issues.... This place was amazing! The customer service was outstanding and I'm really excited to go back after pay day and get my new shoes! Ciara helped me and she was super awesome! Love this place & the shoe dog thingy was pretty fantabulous!
2	Meh. It could have been a lot better. Way too many sale associates for the amount of employees doing custom fittings. Many store associates just walking around instead of helping other consumers in the store.
3	I came here as part of packet pick up for one of the many races I run so the place was packed. I liked the design of the store, the brands they carried, and the location. The staff I think was overwhelmed by the number of people in the store and a bit short handed. We were going to buy a new pair of sneakers for my son but after waiting for a loooong time for someone to help us, we ended up leaving the store empty handed.I have not been back since.
1	Wow...what happened?  This used to be the place to go.  I loved the time and attention I received from the staff when I walked in the store.  I also enjoyed the opportunity to test my feet.  I've bought shoes, socks, and insoles from this store and went back to buy some new shoes, but something changed.  I wasn't greeted when I entered, in fact I walked around the store searching for the shoes that I wanted for about 6 minutes before anyone acknowledged me.  When I did speak with a female staff member I explained that I wanted to try out the new model of the Mizuno shoe I had bought previously.  Since I couldn't remember the actual model name, the female staff member said, "well you can have them pull up your last order at the counter".  I went to the counter and provided them my information however they couldn't find my shoes.  They had my Road Runner VIP account, but only had record of shoes that my girlfriend had purchased during the same visit.  The staff member at the counter said that she didn't have a record of the purchase so she asked the original staff member to come over.  She proceeded to ask me "Did you purchase your shoes here?", and I told her "Yes".  She looked at the computer and said, "No, you didn't.".  I assured her that I bought my shoes at the store and that it was the reason why I came back.  She then said, "Well, our system keeps record of all your purchases, you must have bought them somewhere else."  By this point I was a bit frustrated.  I stood at the counter a bit longer, trying to pull up what I thought was my shoe model to try and continue with my search for a new shoe.  The female staff member said a couple of things to the staff member at the counter and left.  Since it appeared no one wanted to help me, I left the store.  I won't be returning anytime soon.
5	I was sent in by my work to pick out shoes. The staff at Roadrunner were fantastic. They have lots of technology to assess s shoe fit for runners but did not pressure me to utilize it. They let me pick out my shoes, try them on and go. They gave great advice as to fit and function but did not try to up sell me something I didn't need. Everyone was very attentive and personable. Thanks guys for a great experience.
5	Amber went way above and beyond to get me the right shoe. If you need shoes! Go talk to Amber.
5	Road Runner Sports feels like a home away from home - I practically live at the store and I feel that I'm treated like family when I'm there. The staff is always helpful and they always remember my name. If you need help getting fitted into the right shoe, ask for Amber. I've been buying shoes from her for the last year and she has never, I repeat, never put me in a shoe that I did not love! Amber goes out of her way to make sure you get what you want, and more importantly, what you need. She won't sugar coat or sell you unnecessary items. She's straight forward and to the point and extremely professional. Under Amber's care you'll walk out of Road Runner with the perfect fitting pair of shoes and you'll come back requesting her help again because she's simply the best!
1	RUDE 'customer service'. I parked and approached the door to enter when I noticed the short brunette girl SPRINTING to the door.  I thought she was trying to catch the customers just leaving so I paused.  She then reached down and LOCKED the door.  Apparently it was closing time - which is fine.  But have the common courtesy to open the door and explain that you are closed ... This is a great opportunity to refer me to your website or give me tomorrow's hours instead o just coldly locking me out and doing an about face so you can hit the time clock and get out of the place.  RUDE.  The last time I was here they sold me a pair of Brooks Adrenaline's for $200 (including the $75 insoles) and the service was lack luster then also.  DONE - wont ever be back here.
1	Very disappointing. I've had great service here in the past and at every other Road Runner. In the store for almost 10 minutes on a slow Tuesday afternoon without being greeted or offered assistance. After watching several employees walk in and out of the back (not working with a customer), I finally stood in front of the door to stop someone. Worst service EVER at any Road Runner.
5	Amber went way out of her way, above and beyond, to help me find the perfect pair of shoes! I ended up getting one pair for running and one for trail. I love them both. It was the best choice. I urge you to look to Amber and her expertise. Road Runner Sports is lucky to have such a dedicated employee who doesn't just know what she is doing, but loves what she is doing as well. The rest of the team there was very helpful, and I will be back and bring friends in the future.
5	I know it doesn't look like it but I love to run, I do everyday (but not very fast). I'm new to the Tempe area, went to college here years ago (a little more than I care to admit) but have lived in Indiana and just moved back here with my wife for our retirement. Anyways, I went into Road Runner Sports in tempe marketplace because an old running buddy who lives here suggested it since I'm getting up in age and dealing with some injuries. I went in, not planning on buying anything, just to check it out and I was so impressed. I didn't have time to go through their running barefoot treadmill analysis but definitely will be back to go through that and buy shoes! When I got in there I told the young man who greeted me at their GIANT wall of shoes, Dominick that I was not going to buy shoes expecting him to just dismiss me, boy was I wrong. He treated me like I was his best customer and didn't care that I wasn't buying anything, such a difference from most retail places. He asked about what I had been running in, how many miles a week i'm doing and other questions to try and find some good shoes for me to try on today even with my limited amount of time and the fact that I wasn't buying anything. There was also another worker, I can't remember her name but she was redheaded who made the experience great as well because my whole time there the two of them went back and forth sharing their experiences and knowledge, keeping the mood fun and pressure-free and just an overall good atmosphere. It is such a relief that I found a running store soon after moving because like I said I love running and want a place where I can feel at home and know that the workers and happy to be there and are full of running knowledge and experiences.
4	I came in for the first time on 12/16/13 to check the place out. I came in while talking on the phone an the employees seemed to notice it while I was searching. Once I got off after 15 min I was immediately attended to; even though there was a decent amount of people being helped. I was searching for shoes for another person, asking plenty of questions for that particular person and each was answered. I then was curious about the shoe dog, foot test. He tested me knowingly I didn't want to buy anything but the fact that I was curious. He was very knowledgable with how I tend supinate my foot and used the correct terms. I enjoyed it and I look forward to shopping here again if I get the same service.
5	I have been shopping with Roadrunner Sports in Tempe for a few years now.  I recently went in to buy a pair of trail running shoes to replace a pair that were defective.  I was sad that my defective shoes were older than the "3 month return" policy that Roadrunner offers, but the Wonderful Amazing Awesome sales associate that helped me (her name is Rachel) told me quite optimistically that I should simply contact the shoe manufacturer directly to see if they would replace my shoes.  This was a smart idea I had not even considered.  I am so glad Rachel suggested the idea to me because I did in fact email the shoe manufacturer directly, sent them a picture of my shoes, and within 24 hours they had written me back saying they would replace my shoes.   WOW!!!  Great service from the shoe manufacturer, and great service from Rachel at Roadrunner Sports in Tempe.  Thank you!  (ring the bell!)
5	I'm such a sucker for great customer service.  Make shopping an A+ experience and my credit card is toast.The service here is like Nordstrom's on crack - seriously.  I had 3 different people helping me, all to get 1 pair of new running shoes.  They actually have a pretty cool system.  They thoroughly measure your feet (length, width, arch, etc) and then video tape you running on the treadmill to figure out what type of shoe is best for you.  I never knew I over extend my ankles when I run and now I have shoes to prevent it from happening - AMAZING!If you want custom insoles and the absolute perfect running shoe, this is a great place to go - just be prepared to fork over a bit more than you would at another store.  For the fabulous service and no more ankle injuries, totally worth it!
4	Nice and friendly staff. There's the "shoe dog" where you figure out the best shoe for you. There are also treadmills where you can test out the shoes as well. It does run to the pricey end , but you get what you pay for.
5	Came here for the first time to pick up my race packet for Lost Dutchman half. Ended up using their Shoe Dog, and left with a new pair.. plus some other goodies. Everyone is SO helpful and nice.. great selection of gear and clothing. Definitely my new running shop!
1	This place is the definition of slimy! The employees try to upsell you on everything.  I bought a pair of shoes there for 80 dollars and found them at Ross the next day for 15.  It is super overpriced and whatever you do DON'T let them talk you into a VIP membership!! It is not a one time fee and when I caught them on it she didn't even sound shocked or apologetic.  All they did for me was refund my money on the extra membership charge and said they would speak to the mangers later.  Umm I guess you lost a customer.
1	Being in this store was by far the most unpleasant, to put it mildly, experience I've ever had in a retail store.  When I walked in, I was greeted by a store "rep," whom I let know what I was looking for design and function-wise in a running/walking shoe.  She said it would be no problem and I'd definitely find it there.  There wasn't too long of a wait for the individual assessment, so I stayed and began the process.  The person assessing me was pleasant, but definitely the "salesman," with a high five every time I completed one of the assessments.  Honestly, that I could have done without.  I should have just trusted my gut, as the whole process continued, and left the store.  But I thought I'd keep going as long as I started it.  BIG LESSON in trusting your gut!  All of a sudden, while I was being directed to a salesperson who would help me choose a shoe that was right for me, upon completion of the assessment and having inserts that were especially made for me, I heard this LOUD bell and then whooping and hollering that was coming from the sales staff there.  Someone had made a sale.  This is REALLY when I should have walked out.  It was so annoying.  On to the salesperson.  What followed from there was nothing less than very poor customer service. I felt that it was a big "inconvenience" for the salesperson helping me.  The manager of the store was sitting across from us the entire time, observing and hearing what was going on.  The last straw was when my salesperson, left me to go help another customer, RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF HELPING ME, and said she'd be back.  I stood up and started walking out.  The manager ran over to me and asked where I was going and when I told him, "I'm out of here," he asked if he could get another salesperson, to which I said NO, and so then he said he would personally help me, to which I still said a big NO.  I will NEVER go in this store again, nor will I suggest that anyone else does.  I know there are quality shoes there, BUT, the whole experience felt like a huge sell job and that trumped customer service in my book.
3	They have a good selection of shoes at a decent price. But customer service is really lacking. Every time I go in there I wait at least 35 mins before I get helped. Wish they had better customer service. They put on good runs on third Thursdays. But will not buy anything there.
2	I've shopped at this location several times now and at first I had a great experience and thought the staff was friendly and helpful. I now have mixed feelings about the place. The salespeople are still helpful but apparently not to everyone. My wife, who is not athletic, is mostly ignored by the staff whenever she shops there for gifts. When I went there today to try on shoes I researched online, the guy that helped me barely answered any questions and was so uninterested in the sale he only looked me in the eye once or twice. It's not that he was in a hurry or anything, because the store was barely occupied and I had already waited through their 15 minute queue. I noticed that he was fully engaging with other shoppers on my way out, though. I would like to give them a better rating because they do know their stuff, but in my experience if you don't look like an athlete the level of service you get will be hit or miss. If I shop there again it will be online purchases when they have better deals than Amazon.
2	I have been a loyal customer of RoadRunner Tempe since they opened.  Over the years the wait times have increased and it got harder to find someone to help, but once I got the help, it was great!  I also ran the adventure runs since they started them in Tempe.  I participated last night in my first adventure run in a year.  I had a baby a few months ago.  What a DISAPPOINTMENT! (the run not the baby)Things have changed.  I was looking for help inside the store and found someone who continued to socialize with another employee instead of putting her attention on me.  I had to interrupt their conversation.  Next, I noticed people walking around with bags full of raffle tickets.  Already?  You normally don't start collecting those until you actually get out and hit the check points.  Apparently, you could get raffle tickets by visiting the booths at the event and doing certain things...like signing a poster??  Is that an activity?Then there's the Facebook secret checkpoint where you get double tix.  That check point used to be at least a mile away.  Not this time...it was a mere 50 yards away.  What is the point of doing the run when the majority of the tickets are right there?  It used to be fun to run around parts of Tempe collecting what you could and the harder you ran and the better you planned, the more tickets you got and the more chances to win sneakers or other items.  But now...just be lazy and you will be rewarded.  It's become more about the vendors than people.I think I am done with RoadRunner and will be canceling my VIP membership.
5	This Road Runner store has the most incredible customer service. The salesperson who helped me really knows shoes! Her name is Ashley and you should ask for her when you go there.
5	Fantastic customer service!  If you don't want to read a detailed description of my experience there, scroll down to the last paragraph.I've had several surgeries on my foot the last two being joint fusions.  I have the horrible orthotics that no one ever wants to wear, but if I don't I'm looking at future joint fusions.  I'm also waiting for insurance approval for bilateral knee replacements.  That being said, I have had a really difficult time finding shoes that work for me and my pain.  An employee at a different shoe store suggested that I go to Road Runner because of their technology.  I have to admit, that when I first walked in I was going to turn right around and walk out.  I was completely intimidated by the athleticism of the staff and most of the customers.  I am not in athletic form at all right now.  But I was greeted so sincerely that I felt myself completely drawn in at put at ease.  I have worked as a medical assistant for over 20 years, and have been in many physical therapy practices recovering from various orthopedic surgeries.  The "Shoe Dog Pro", was amazing.  She asked tons of questions, really listened to everything I had to say, explained the entire process to me as we were going through it.  The 3-D Peak Pressure test was super interesting, but the thing that really got me was watching the video of my feet while walking on the treadmill.  She was able to explain my gait to me in a way the no PT ever has.  She saw the swelling over the one fused joint and I told her that was a daily struggle.  She recommended the compression socks (which they gave me to use while trying on shoes - so I got to try it out for free).   I told her I was leaving in two weeks for a three week vacation where I would be on my feet a lot and walking a ton.  She made me feel like it was her mission in life to get me into the perfect shoe.After the evaluation she turned me over to the person who would actually help me pick the shoes out.  She gave him the computer printout and for lack of a better term, gave him report on me.  Just like I used to give report on patients to their doctors before they were seen.  So impressed.  Jake (the "Fit Expert) asked me a couple of questions, gave me two different rollers to try out (rolling on the soles of the feet to stretch and relax them) while he went to grab some shoes.  He came out with six boxes!  He didn't really talk up any one shoe, just but the orthotics in them, tied them up and let me walk and talk.  He asked what I did and didn't like about each one, tied one pair up a different way, and helped me narrow down to the two I like best.  I know this will sound ridiculous, bu I have NEVER had a pair of shoes that fit me or felt as great as these.  I was so impressed with this place, I took a bunch of brochures that I am leaving at my foot surgeon's office when I have my appointment next week.  I doubt I will ever go anywhere else to buy athletic shoes.  They aren't necessarily cheap - but SO worth every penny.  And they have a 90 day return policy - even if you've worn them a lot.  Love this place!
4	Everyone here is so friendly and helpful! It can be a little overwhelming if you've never been before, and if you're going for your first pair of running shoes, make sure you've got plenty of time (and preferably no kids in tow, haha). I signed up for the VIP program and will always come here for my serious running needs!
5	Best shopping experience I have ever had. The customer service was superb.everyone was super friendly, attentive, and helpful, and they found me the perfect pair of shoes. I really love their return policy: wear it 90 days and if you don't like it, bring it back. I feel much more comfortable buying expensive shoes that I can put to the test. They also offer gait and foot analysis. Fantastic store. I will definitely be back.
4	The place was awesome, all the shoes I am looking for is available, but not my size :'(
3	My husband got new running shoes over the weekend at Roadrunner and while we were overall satisfied with the experience, there is one thing that does not sit well with me. Long story short: My husband participated in the Shoe Dog and was fitted with custom insoles. We were not told these insoles were for purchase and had assumed they were included in the cost of the shoe. My husband tried on three different shoes with the insoles before making a decision. He had even inquired about the pricing for the shoes and once again we were not told the insoles would cost money. We get up front to check out and our total was literally $100 more than expected... talk about sticker shock. Those insoles were not included in the shoe purchase, they were an additional $71! This cost should have been quoted to us in the beginning and it wasn't. We were not prepared for that cost and decided not to get the insoles, had this been quoted to us in the beginning it could have saved the material from being thrown away...Other than the misquote (or lack there of) our experience was enjoyable, the staff is friendly and helpful even when they are super busy. We will definitely be back, will just be more cautious about prices.
4	I actually went to two of the RRS locations here in Phoenix (first the Tempe one and then the Scottsdale one). I am looking into competing in my first 5k this year as a goal and never had specific running shoes. I had heard RRS does a lot in regards to customizing your shoe and I wasn't disappointed. Their customer service was great if not overbearing and I'm pretty picky when it comes to design, feel etc. I found it a little odd that the person doing the Shoe Dog analysis isn't the one who proceeds to sell you the shoes. Seems a bit ridiculous if you ask me. They then pitch you their custom soles (which are nice...but pricey too). That being said I really appreciated the personal attention even though my salesperson would just take off on me randomly...which ended up with me leaving after 15 minutes (because it does tend to take 30-45 minutes of your time if you're there). I wasn't ready to purchase so no harm done and I actually ended up purchasing shoes here on my next visit but it's hard to be the sense of confidence you get when you're fitted with the right shoe and that the person explains why. I recommend the VIP program too if you're going to purchase more than just one pair (strongly suggest purchasing your first year online for a deep deep discount ($1.99)  versus what you'll be offered in the store). Can definitely recommend it despite the time consuming process of being fitted,etc. If you're an experienced runner unlike myself it's hard to find a better place for your running shoes and gear.
5	Awesome customer service. Since I've taken running more seriously, I've been more serious about the shoes and feet. I come here for the insoles and their very helpful and attentive.
5	My wife has very hard feet to get running shoes.  She has extremely wide feet (so wide that she was comfortable in a men's double wide shoe) and flat feet.  I dread every time she needs new shoes.  We love roadrunner because the VIP lets you take them home and actually run in them and return them if they are causing you pain.  After having some pain, my wife went back and Amber sat with us for 2 hours while my wife tried on every pair Amber could think of.  We finally got a pair that we thought would work and she even helped by showing a few different ways to lace the shoe to make it wider and more supportive.  She even checked in a few days later to see how they were working!  It is so nice to have service like that in a world where sometimes it seems like customer service is gone!  Thank you so much to Road Runner sports and especially to Amber!
5	I went to the Scottsdale Road Runner Sports, and wasn't happy with their service. As soon as I walked in the door of the Tempe location, I immediately felt welcomed. The sales associate, Keri, took the time to go through each shoe without me asking if I could look at one shoe or another. Considering I had recently come back from a full recovery of ACL Reconstructive Surgery, it was great to see Keri cater to making sure that I was running correctly in the shoes I picked. The Tempe location is hands down the best store to go to.
4	Takes way too long to purchase something, because of all the hoops they force you to jump through.  Shoe fitting is recommended for sure.  Don't sign up for the auto-renewing "VIP".
5	Very knowledgeable.  Didn't feel any pressure to purchase shoes.  Great fit with John and Ashley H!
5	My husband I went in today to find some new shoes. Kyle helped us and was fantastic. My husband is an experienced runner and I am just starting out. Kyle was great at making us both happy and educated. Thank you!!
5	I was having issues with my shoes and my hip started hurting. I was able to bring back my shoes that I ran in for 2 months with no hassle. Ash H was assigned to help me and she was awesome! She took a lot of time explaining how my old shoes were causing my hip pain and searched for a shoe that would correct this. She explained how the tendons and muscles work and how they impact my specific running style. She had me run on the treadmill 2 times and recorder my running to ensure that my new shoes would improve my running. Ash H. Was awesome and highly recommend anyone to have her fit you for the best possible running shoe! Thank you Ash H.!
5	Came in for Oktoberfest foot race and ended up asking about some new insoles from Ashley (Ash H. preferred) and she provided me with some good information about what they had available.  Ash was able to recommend the custom FootBalance insoles and I can tell you that I'm happy about my purchase.  Checking out was also easy and found another item I didn't think I wanted until the cashier asked.  Great store, good customer service.
5	I've been to this location several times with both my husband and my parents, but never for myself.The last time I came in, both of my parents were kicking and screaming through the entire process, they didn't want to be there or have to go through Shoe Dog, despite all of my convincing. Frank was knowledgable and patient with my grumpy old man, never pushy and worked with our requests.Since then, they've both been back several times for more shoes and insoles. This last time I finally decided to give it a try and what a difference it has made! Do yourself a favor and at least get fitted for some insoles. They're a bit expensive but they last awhile and your feet will thank you.
5	Hey guys, I'm back reviewing this place with again nothing but great things to say. Last time I was in there a young guy named Dominick helped me out, as you've seen from my last post. Sadly, he has since moved out of the state but the reason that I'm backing reviewing the experience is because they seem to always hire all-stars. This time a boy named Jacob (or Jake, I forget what he goes by) helped me out. The service I received again was awesome. My insoles are still kicking so he helped me get some new shoes. Jake was a champion, give that guy a raise or a beer!!!!!!!!
5	Just had my first experience shopping at this retailer and I must say that I was impressed. Ciera helped me pick out my shoes and was excellent. She's truly a value to the company. All the staff was very friendly and all had smiles on. I am very impressed with the enthusiasm and how knowledgeable the staff was. Being a Manager of retail, I'm a tuff customer to impress. I will definitely be back, to shop and possibly recruit. Awesome selection of styles too.
5	I had bought a pair of Brooks Glycerin shoes and custom insoles from the Tempe Roadrunner Sports back in June of this year..... In October I stopped using these shoes because of the soles collapsing on the outside.......Roadrunner Sports has a no questions asked return policy that within the first 3 months of you wearing ....the shoes you can return them for another pair. I called Roadrunner Sports in October and I was told that I would need to call the shoe manufacturer...... So I did. I filed a defective claim on the shoes sent in pictures and Brooks answer to me was that they did not see any type of defect on the shoes..... So pretty much I was screwed!!!!! So I thought!!!! I took the shoes back to Roadrunner Sports to see if they could help me out with this problem.....these people bent over backwards to help me.....Amber knocked it out of the park with her service and knowledge. She took it upon herself to refit me for the new shoes (Saucony) and a new pair of custom insoles. And all of this was done past their 3 month policy? Amber went far and above any service that I have ever received !!!!Thank you Amber!!!! And to Roadrunner Sports...... This is a Five Star employee!!!!One Last Thing......Don't Buy Brooks Running Shoes!!!!! Their Customer Service SUCKS!!!!
