5	STUFF YOUR FACE WITH THESE THINGS!  Seriously.  I don't know what/how/why they can make these things so good but they do.  Maybe the stick of butter in each brownie?  I don't know.  I don't care. Just eat them and you will understand.  So many flavors to choose from, so many reasons to live.  FAIRYTALE BROWNIE-- you are my friend, my lover, the reason I am fat.**The sprites are smaller and allow you to get a more variety of different flavors.
5	Words fail me. Lucky me had my first-ever sampling of FT brownies last year around the holidays. The selection and temptations were so wide, I didn't know where to start. Whatever the choice, you can do no wrong when you bite into a FairyTale Brownie. Seriously, if this is what fairy tales are made of, I hope my Prince Charming never shows up.
5	I admit.  I have an "in" to these brownies.  I had several boxes of Fairytale Brownies mailed to my home a while back as part of my college alumni club dealings. Long story, but my duty at that time was to acquire an alum donation (yes a DONATION) of, you guessed it - Fairytale Brownies.  Well, damn them. To hell. Turns out the CEO of Fairytale Brownies is a fellow alum.  Fight on! I would love to meet her to tell her what a genius she is. Each bite-sized "sprite" package comes in several wonderfully addictive flavors. Despite their plastic-wrapped appearance, they are ever so soft, chocolatey and decadent.  My personal favorites are the chocolate chip and the toffee.It was one of the more trying episodes with willpower to have just one of these brownies and not devour an entire box -- cardboard and all.My alma mater thanks me.  And so does my waistline.
5	Once upon a time, in a city far, far from Cranberry Twp, two special little elfs stirred up flour and sugar and tons of chocolate together, (actually it was childhood friends Eileen Spitalny & David Karvetz) and founded Fairytale Brownies way back in 1992.  Since that day, many diet rules have been broken and many pounds have been gained.  The pecan brownies and pecan blondie's are to die for.  And the best (or is it the worst?) part is, you can order these things on-line!  Isn't that great??? I will never have to bake, again!!
5	"A taste of pure enchantment" - this is the tagline for Fairytale Brownies, and I totally agree with it!I'd seen Fairytale Brownies at events before but I don't think I ever sampled them... until recently that is, when a beautiful package was delivered to my home as a gift.  I figured it was as good a time as any to forget about my diet and give in and sample these things that fairytales are made of!Luckily, it was the Fairtytale Sprites (smaller size brownies) so I didn't feel so guilty afterward.  It was totally worth it!  I have to admit, I actually sampled more than just one... my favorite flavors were the toffee crunch  and caramel flavors.  I have yet to try peanut butter, rasberry swirl, and white chocolate which all sound great too.  Fairytale Wishes (all-natural gourmet soft caramels) were also included in the package, and they were like magic in my mouth - yum!I totally recommend sending Fairytale Brownies if you're ever in need of a gift - they really are 'a taste of pure enchantment.'  In addition, the recipient can put them in the refrigerator or freezer to keep these goodies fresh - when ready to eat, just remove wrapper and pop in the microwave... as a matter of fact, I think we still may have some in our freezer - snack time!
5	Brownies, yum. When I eat these I want to keep eating them until I feel sick.  I can only choke down about two in a sitting, but I've been know to make a dozen disappear in just a few days.These make good gifts and ship pretty well too.
4	I thought I disliked brownies, but these are damn good. In fact, every flavor is delicious. I was pleasantly surprised. Holla!
5	Ok, I don't know if they have an actual physical store or where you get these nuggets of goodness, but I got one from a co-worker for Christmas last year and damn that was tasty.  I cut it into four sections, one everyday for 4 days so I could savor it.
5	I'm salivating just thinking about these moist, chewy squares of goodness. Fairytale Brownies are literally the most delicious things I have ever eaten in my life. They are a favorite corporate thank you gift and they were sent many a time to the office at my last job, so I've had the opportunity to try almost every flavor. Each one lives up to the fairytale name!Order some and you'll see what I mean.
2	I'm more of a cakey, gooey, crispy brownie-type girl. Fairytale Brownies are dense, grainy, and fudge-like. The flavors aren't spectacular, but more artificial tasting. Also, I don't like how each is individually wrapped and frozen then defrosted before selling. If I'm paying over $3 for a brownie, I expect it to be fresh.
2	Fairytale Brownies (NY Chocolate Show) - Too crumbly for my taste. Eileen Spitalny and David Kravetz, did I hear right? You sold your soul to the devil for money. Over 2.5M brownies made annually is impressive. Say it isn't so that you sell frozen brownies (per Sophie M.). Callebaut chocolate is a nice touch, but frozen isn't cool in my book.Pics: http://www.meetup.com/teamfoodie/photos/477262
1	My good pal Jeff C. was so kind to give a girl a sample of the Fairytale Original brownie....2 words: Not Impressed....I was expecting more from Eileen Spitalny and David Kravetz but instead got a crumbly, way too softty, chocolate disaster....literally when I went to give a piece for a friend to try it broke in half....I know soft is yum but too soft is 15 thumbs down....I expected something that would please my palate but instead recieved a rude awakening....
2	I gotta agree with Renee and Sophie. Sure, they hit the spot if you're craving chocolate and nothing else is around (have to microwave them first, though, otherwise they're totally bland), but they're kinda... processed-tasting, dense and oily. I've never bought them for myself, I've always gotten them as gifts (box of mini-brownies, etc).  Grocery store boxed-mix brownies fresh out of the oven taste more gourmet than these babies.Interestingly, I got a gift of mailed brownies from a company in the northeast that looked, smelled, and tasted exactly like Fairytale Brownies.
5	Fairytale Brownies are phenomenal and easily the most decadent production brownie in that money can buy. I love the innovation and variety and there is more love and inspiration than a million Grannies can bake. This bakery is immaculate and is a solid quality obsessed operation that is a source of pride for the community in Phoenix. They do great community interaction and really strive to create a soulful and delicious product that is beloved by millions of chocoholics. I find it amusing to read the few haters on the blogs, because that is not close to the typical reaction of countless fans..dare I say fanatics! You will not find a better chocolate gift than Fairytale Brownies at the Holidays or that special occasion.If you have not tried the new chocolate -enrobed truffles I highly suggest them.
2	I must confess I was really expecting something better.From their marketing, their beautiful packaging, their obvious care in mailing (with an ice pack and foam surrounding it to keep it cool- it is frozen prior to shipping) I was so excited, that is until I tasted them.  Overall the texture was very boring- it was too crumbly and if you make the mistake of picking it up from one side it immediately breaks apart.  It has a chocolate flavor but I certainly don't taste the great chocolate they claim to make it from.  I got a dozen- the variety pack, plain, peanut butter, carmel, raspberry, pecan, walnut, cream cheese, mint, white chocolate, chocolate chip, expresso nib, and toffee.  The brownies with nuts had a good amount of nuts so you have plenty in each bite (however still the boring plain brownie under it obviously).I was so bummed about the cream cheese- I could hardly taste it at all- there was so little cream cheese on it I actually scraped together all the white topping off together to eat at once just to see if it actually was cream cheese and it turns out it was.  :PTheir white chocolate chip brownie was equally unimpressive- first of all I HATE white chocolate but I bit into it not reading the label and had a couple bites and couldn't even tell what it was until I read the label.  I counted - my 3 inch by 3 inch brownie they said that was "full" of white chocolate chips had 7.  Um what?Their carmel- again, there was a little bit of it I could tell it was sweeter than the rest of the brownies but to say "gee that tastes like carmel" no I couldn't.The expresso nib was just OK it had coffee flavor and a little crunch but it wasn't exciting.Both the mint and raspberry brownies were totally overpowered by their flavors to the point I couldn't even taste the chocolate.The peanut butter was just OK- but like the cream cheese, there wasn't much there.The toffee had huge chunks in it so that was nice but I didn't like the flavor of it.The chocolate chip (my personal favorite) had 5 chocolate chips it in.I spent $30.32 (it was on sale if you can believe that) plus almost $13 shipping and I am totally bummed.  I don't even want to finish them and none of my friends wanted more than a bite either- I can't believe I paid that much to have to toss them out.
4	......its true.... it really is true, fairy tales do come true and have a happy ending... . and Fairytale Brownies was my happy ending today.... After a hard day of working in the yard a package arrived for me from Fairytale Brownies. Mind you I am not a sweet person... I really don't eat them often and don't really crave sweets.... and I am one of those very odd people who thinks chocolate is very overrated.... .......today I might be converted to the other side...... these brownies are to die for... or at least better than kissing Prince Charming. They are soft cake like... moist.....rich rich rich. one bite was all I could eat and my head started to spin. I received the small sample package.... The Brownie I tasted was the chocolate caramel.... divine. Who needs Prince Charming... shoot  just a couple of  D batteries and a Fairytale Brownie gives me a "happy end"
2	pardon the pun, but no browniepoints, awarded by me'less u like 'em, dry as the desertand baked at brownie factorieslocated somewhere in phoenixplease clients, spare me this yearpears,  from henry and davidmore likely, for you, would endearme to you, and my businessbut every year they arrivethe ubiquitous, Fairytale Browniea staple, come holiday timebut they suck, ok, there, I said itsanta, I haven't been badbut these lumps of coal they call browniessure makes me feel like I hadso, word to clients, don't bothersending fairytales to methis year, a salami, hell, fruitcakesis what I'd prefer to see
5	I love Fairytale Brownies.  It is my very first pick when sending a gift.  They have the absolute best service and products that are so amazingly good that I get thanks you's from recipients years later.The best thing, is that they are consistently good every time!  The next time I go to visit my sister in Arizona, we have to go to Phoenix to see where the magic happens.
5	We received a large box of these DELICIOUS brownies from my husband's client.  They are everything the packaging claims.  THANK YOU!We will enjoy trying all the wonderful flavors; favorite so far are the Espresso and the Cream Cheese.We will be sending boxes to our loved ones this Holiday.  What a great find!  Who doesn't love a delicious brownie?
5	Yum. Just Yum.Ok I have to give you more than yum...I know. :) But let's start with YUM.I have ordered from this company for several years now and the brownies never disappoint. Each brownie is individually packaged for freshness and they are the most moist, flavorful brownies I've had outside of my own kitchen. (And I make damn good brownies--but they don't travel well. LOL)The thing I like best is that they offer sugar free treats too so even my diabetic friends can still enjoy these delicious brownies without worrying about their sugar skyrocketing. My favorite is the chocolate chip brownie but I'm also partial to the white chocolate and hell, even the original Plain Jane is really delicious too. Fairytale Brownies ships all over the country to share some this holiday season with those you love most too!
4	Really, you can't decide if you want to devour the brownies or make love to them. Creative, fresh, and delicious... dangerous!
5	Great unique gift idea and every time I shop there I get hooked up with some special offer. Its as though they know I can't leave with just one box.
4	This place has really delicious, insanely fattening brownies.  They are really quite delicious, although they are pretty pricey.  They do have really great sales, though!  These make great thank you gifts to people (we've sent quite a few) and we haven't had a flavor we haven't liked!
4	Pretty good brownies, very moist and tasty, I've tried just about all the flavors and there all good...
5	I ordered a dozen brownies as a birthday gift and had it shipped to California. The brownies arrived in an insulated, chilled container and arrived exactly on the day I requested. Each brownie came individually wrapped, which was nice. I was worried they would come open and they wouldn't keep for very long. Every time a new brownie is open I have to sneak a nibble! They have all been so yummy. The caramel one has been my fave so far but I am DYING to try the raspberry one and the mint one. I might have to sneak them out of the refrigerator. They include a coupon for your next order in the box and I will definitely be placing another order!
5	These are definitely 5-star brownies!!!  They used to have a blondie flavor that was to die for.  It tasted like just biting into a chunk of brown sugar *drool*.  I wish they would get that one back.I have ordered these brownies multiple, multiple, multiple times and they are always consistently amazing.  When I have dealt with Customer Service about a slip up in an order, or mailing, they have gone above and beyond to make up for any troubles encountered.  Top notch customer service, for sure.My favorite flavors:  Toffee, Espresso Nib, Mint,  Chocolate Chip & Raspberry.  But let's be honest, they're all amazing.  I always keep them in the freezer, and never let them sit out for longer than a couple of minutes before I enjoy one.
1	Good brownies, but horrendous customer service.I placed 6 different orders online for Christmas presents. They messed up 2 of them and then proceeded to insinuate I was a liar (customer service rep basically told me that over the phone). (Mistake 1) Ordered Winter sprite wonderland (package of sprites) - cost on website $34.95. They sent a winter wonderland package - cost on website $29.95. They didn't send me any sort of notification that they ran out of my item or that they would be sending an alternate item. Usually when you do this, you send an item of GREATER, not LESSER value. I emailed on a Wednesday about the mixup, no response until I sent a followup email on Saturday. Customer Service rep said that they did respond but couldn't prove it - she just got argumentative on the phone. Basically, she said that they have every right to send a replacement item even if it is of lower value and that this is posted on their website. I couldn't find the notice on their website - but who sends a lower value item and then doesn't credit the difference? They said I have to buy something else and they will credit the $4 difference to me on my next order. NO apologies for the error, just a stubborn attitude from Jennifer - the customer service rep. No thanks. Won't be buying from them ever again!She then couldn't assure me that the gifts I sent to others in my other orders were actually the correct gifts ... I have my doubts based on them messing up 2 of my orders, so will stay away from using them for gift orders ever again.(Mistake 2) Had to change the shipping address on a order. They did change the shipping address on that order correctly, however, they also mistakenly changed the address on another order (the order # is 2 digits off on the end). When I brought this up to them - again, no response via email until I emailed twice. They were nice enough to admit the mistake and then ship out a new package to the correct address. However, when I spoke to the customer service rep today - she basically said I lied on that order to get 2 packages of brownies shipped to me for the price of 1 and has emailed proof that I asked for the order address to be changed. Yeah, I asked for the address to be changed - ONLY on one order though and NOT both where they changed the address. Customer service rep said she had the email where I asked for it, but I don't have the email (and I have gmail where I can sort by the order number and see all emails with that # in the email body) and she basically just kept insinuating I was a liar. Basically, they erroneously changed the order shipping address on both orders instead of just 1 like I asked and now said it was my fault for the mistake.Good brownies, but not worth the hassle and definitely not worth being treated like dirt. Just wanted to make sure people knew how they treat customers!!
4	Great corporate gift.  Are they healthy?  Of course not.  But they hold well and are individually wrapped.  You can get them in bite sized, sprite (half brownies) or full sized.  I find the full sized much too large, the sprites are great, or even the brownie bits.  Oh and if you can get your hands on it, the chocolate fudge sauce makes the best chocolate fondue or drizzling sauce for desserts.  I've only done the mail order I've never been to the storefront, but they've always made it to the destination on time and with a gift card.  My clients are always happy to get a gift from fairytale.
5	I just had the most wonderful experience with Fairytale Brownies!  I had some sent to my husband's office for a Valentine's Day surpriese, and unfortunately UPS somehow left the brownies at the wrong place. I contacted UPS immediately, after they didn't show up at my husband's office, and UPS couldn't have cared less.  "Contact the seller" is all they "support" they could offer. I felt terrible having to contact Fairytale brownies to correct an obvious UPS mistake.  However, when I did, their customer service people were wonderful and apologized that the brownies wouldn't arrive in time for Valentine's Day but offered to send a new package to my home for my husband overnight.  I happily agreed.  THEN, the original package of brownies mysteriously appeared inside my husband's office building (I'm guessing a neighbor got the delivery and brought it over when my husband wasn't there). I immediately contacted Fairytale brownies to tell them of the delivery and they kindly said to keep and enjoy the second box anyway on them!  I will definitely use them again in the future and recommend them to all my friends.  Also, the brownies are delicious, the variety is so much fun, and my husband LOVED the presentation of the box and the lovely card that came with it!  Two thumbs up and a heart-felt 5 stars
2	I should preface this by saying that I make brownies that are really delicious...I mean people begging me to make them and saying I have spoiled them for any other brownies. My kids love them but they also like box mixes so I can't say they are too picky. They didn't even finish the Fairytale Brownies. My 13 year old son even spit it out and tossed it in the trash. You can imagine my concern since paid a $58.85 for about 3.5 lbs of brownies. Granted I used a Groupon so I really only spent $38.85. I bought the 12 pack of regular chocolate chip "bulk" brownies and the 12 pack of assorted Sprites.What were their complaints? What were mine? Well my kids thought they were sodden squares of chocolate grease. My 20 year old daughter thought the chocolate chips looked ashy and were rock hard lumps inside of a square of greasy chocolate sponge that got even greasier after 10 seconds in the microwave to try and soften the chips. Maybe the "bulk brownies" aren't as fresh. They didn't have a deep rich brownie color; they were kind of grayish. My family was just not impressed and even less so when they found out how much they cost. I do think my kids were a little harsh.As for me...I thought they were very good for mass produced brownies. Actually the best mass produced ones that I had ever tasted. I didn't expect them to taste like mine. Still, I had really high expectations after seeing them featured on "Unwrapped". They were just a little dissapointing. They were greasy. My recipe for a 9x13 pan has a 1/2 lb of butter and 1/2 lb of unsweetend chocolate so I am not averse to butter. The chocolate chip, pecan, and toffee were my favorites. However, the espresso nib were horrific. They tasted like coarse, soggy, stale, used coffee grounds had been spilled on them. (BTW - I love chocolate covered espresso beans.) The peanut butter tasted like someone ate a peanut butter sandwich then blew on the brownies; the PB swirl flavor was all but absent. The raspberry was strong and dramatic. The mint was overpowering for me. Overall, I wouldn't order them for my self, my homemade are so much better. That said, I would probably add them to my corporate gift shopping basket. I regulary send corporate gifts, and the pupose of ordering these was to see if I would feel okay sending them as a gift. My co-workers all said they would enjoy receiving them. Soooo...we'll see next time I need to send something.
2	Received two boxes of these and although the packaging is quaint and fairytale-like I would hardly refer them to be "a taste of pure enchantment" - as the motto states.  Sounds like hyperbole.  The brownies are a bit dry in my opinion.  I prefer chewy brownies with a bit of fudginess.Cheers!
2	The caramel ones were heaven on earth, but I agree with the other Yelpers that the standard brownie is on the dry side.I still have quite a few flavors to sample, but from what I have seen so far, they are not worth the price point.
3	Now before I write this review I need to take one of my Fairytale Brownies out of the fridge so it will be ready to eat by the time i'm done.So I went to the Fairytale store in Phoenix yesterday to try out their famous brownies. I wanted to send my mom something other than flowers for Mothers Day this year. I bought a box of 12 sprites (the half brownie, which is really the perfect size) and picked my own flavors versus getting the one of each deal. Of the brownies i've tried, caramel is my absolute favorite and peanut butter is a close second. The cream cheese is also a good one. The brownies are soft and moist and taste amazing if you take them out of the fridge a few minutes before eating them. Another reason i'm loving Fairytale Brownies is the packaging and design. The boxes they put your brownies in are sturdy and completely reusable for all sorts of things. I'm big on presentation, especially when it comes to gifts. Which is why I plan on ordering something extra special for my mom this year. I'm thinking a 24 count of Sprites so she has plenty to share. I know she'll love them for the same reasons i do, the brownies are delicious and the packaging is high quality and reusable.Unfortunately Fairytale lost a star for customer service. When I walked into the store there wasn't anyone to be found. Then when someone did appear she seamed annoyed that we came in. I get the feeling they prefer people to order online. I told her the reason we came in was to try the brownies before ordering some for Mothers Day, and also of course, to buy some for ourselves and she didn't even offer us a sample, and there was a tray of them right on the counter.
5	I received a box of brownies while recovering from a liver transplant and have been a loyal fan since. I gave them as gifts to all my nurses and will continue to buy as gifts for special occasions. All the flavors are great and don't agree with the other reviews about being dry. Can't wait to order some again!Edited to add: I just bought a Groupon and just placed a new order. Well, stupid me messed up during the order and I approved it without the Groupon applied. I called customer service and they were GREAT! They applied my Groupon and emailed me a new invoice. THANK YOU for great brownies and great customer service!
1	I bought a groupon for these and wish I'd have saved my money.  Even if they were good, they are overpriced.  However, they weren't.  I am a big brownie eater...but only the home made type.  These tasted like packaged brownies.  I actually left them on the table at work so that other people would eat them...since no one in my house would. I only ordered the walnut but I doubt the other ones would be any better. Ice cream couldn't even save them (now that's bad).
5	I ordered a Mother's Day gift through Groupon for Fairytale Brownies.  The gift was guaranteed to arrive by Mother's Day.  Unfortunately it did not arrive on time.  I was very disappointed.  I called the company and they made things right by crediting a future order which I used for Father's Day.  Although the brownies arrived late, my parents raved about them.  Overall, I am very satisfied. The product and the customer service are excellent.
5	A small bite goes a long way. I first was introduced to these brownies in '09 when I received a variety box with 12 sprites and a can of cocoa for Christmas. I love the packaging - the deep purple and brown on the box and wrapper. After devouring my first brownie, I was an instant fan. The card in the box said you can freeze the brownies for up to a month but it was gone within the week. The can of cocoa lasted for a good 3 months. I used it for baking - cookies, breads, cakes, etc. My faves: Cream Cheese, Espresso Nib, Toffee Crunch, and Caramel. The sprites are just the perfect size because it's just enough to get your chocolate fix but not overwhelming. I just throw one in my purse before I leave the house and I can have it with my coffee in the afternoon. I'm a subscriber of their email so I've been receiving emails with discount codes and free shipping. It's so hard to resist. Lucky me, I stumbled on a Groupon several months ago and I got a box of 24 Sprite for almost half the price plus shipping.
5	I was given a box of Fairytale Brownies as a Christmas gift last year.  I had heard of them before so I was excited to try them out.  The packaging was very nice and the entire presentation of the brownies was 1st class.  The brownies themselves were incredible.  Made will all natural items, they melt in your mouth.  My favorite is the carmel swirl. As a plus, you can freeze the individual packets and defrost them for a great treat even months later.  If you give these as a gift, get ready for thanks and praises for months to come!
3	Fairytale Brownies were amazingly professional and went above and beyond to try and make good for me as an unhappy customer.  Their service is unparalleled that is certain.I received a replacement batch of what I had ordered.  This time there was more carmel in the carmel brownies, more chocolate chips in the chocolate chips, etc but I confess as much as much as I wanted to love them it really wasn't IT for me.  I still think they need to be more moist but the company is clearly top notch and I am sure they will hammer it all out.  I really cannot express enough how impressed I was with the customer service.This matter was handled back in 2009 and I just never got around to making the update so I hope their product has improved to match the quality of their staff and the rest of their business.
5	Who doesn't love a good brownie?  I know I do!  We walked in and were immediately drawn in to the purple decor.  My daughter and I love purple!  There was a sweetness to the air that just makes you happy.The staff there was nice and explained to us the products they carry as it was our first time there.  They were sampling the Toffee Crunch brownie that was fresh from the fridge / freezer yet there were still pretty chewy.  I knew right away that I just had to get one.Luckily, they had a 2-for-1 special going on so my husband and I were able to walk away with 4 brownies.  We bought a Toffee Crunch, Cream Cheese, Peanut Butter, and Chocolate Chip.  I loved all of them, in that order.  My husband and daughter really enjoyed them as well.The brownies were individually wrapped and kept in the fridge for a week.  They're delicious both warm and cold.  Great gift idea.
5	These are the most amazing Brownies I've ever had.  I am on a Low Carb Diet and their Sugar-Free Morsels are amazing with only 2 Net Carbs per piece.  They taste just like the Original flavor.  Great for gifts and amazing customer service.  Send these to friends and family and they will thank you.
5	YUM!  I've enjoyed these brownies for years and been known to give them as gifts, but I recently just placed a large order as a party favor and could not be more impressed with the customer service.  Very helpful and detail oriented.  Plus, they're delicious!
1	I really don't understand the fascination with Fairytale Brownies.  They are cloyingly sweet, grainy and if they weren't brown you wouldn't know they were chocolate flavored and the flavored ones leave an artificial aftertaste.  We used to receive these as gifts at the office from vendors and this was always one snack to skip.
4	Sadly :( I've never tasted their brownies since no one has been kind enough to send them to me. Perhaps I should send myself some....but I have sent them to clients and family members on numerous occasions and each and every time I am told how they are absolutely delicious. Great gift to give to someone who loves sweets.
5	These are by far the best brownies ever! My husband doesn't like sweets but when we had a box of them in the house he would wake up in the middle of the night and start snacking on the brownies. We've tried every single type of brownies from them and they are all great! We are never disappointed and this year I'm even sending out boxes for Christmas presents to friends and family.
5	Best damn Brownies on the planet (or close to it)! Words cannot explain how good they are. The only negative is that this place is located across the street from my office! Way too much temptation.
4	Rich and indulgent brownies that will definitely satisfy your sweet tooth!  If you are buying them for yourself, check out their website.  There's a coupon for BOGO on one of their links.
2	I do not see the allure.  We got a big box of the mini sized brownies in a variety of flavors (100 - 120 a pop) and I tried the walnut.  Not great.  Kinda dry.So I waited a bit and tried the original.  Just as dry and no walnuts.Skip it.
5	These brownies are as good as it gets.  As I've stated else where, the best on the planet.  Variety of product and product size is excellent.  The packaging is top as well.  Wouldn't expect anything less from this fine organization, that has earned my business over a dozen years ago.  I hype 'em up any chance I get and refer family/friends/colleagues along the way.  Trust me...get 'em!
5	I received a box of about 6-8 brownies (variety pack) from a friend / business associate about a year ago - and I haven't stopped thinking about them since!  Did they put crack in these things?  I LOVE LOVE LOVE these brownies!  These brownies are as good as it gets.  Nice and moist on the inside.. slightly crispy on the outside...perfectly sugary sweet and fudgy...and rich...OMG I'm drooling just thinking about them!  They are just sooo sooooo good!  I'm reading the other reviews saying the brownies were dry...What???  Were they eating the same thing I was eating?  Maybe they left them sitting around too long?  But I had my box of brownies around for a while and they were fine, they never got hard.  I even put them in the freezer eventually so they wouldn't go bad...and even when I took them out and warmed them up a bit in the microwave, they were still delicious.I see they have Sprites (individually wrapped half portions of a brownie) - this is even better!  Since they are so rich (and so many calories), I don't eat the whole thing in one sitting.  Not that I couldn't because I CAN and I WILL, but it makes it easier for portion control being packaged in half portion sizes.I still have a bag of chocolate coffee that came with the brownies.  I will have to try that very soon, I bet that's delicious too.A word of advice...don't look at the nutritional info.  Just don't.Have a big glass of milk nearby.  Since they are so rich, they go great with milk.My husband will be ordering me some soon - I made him a bet on something that I knew the answer and I bet these brownies.  Whoo hoo, I can't wait!!!
4	I can't review the taste of the brownies but I can review the service. To celebrate my mom's commitment to her boyfriend of 16 years they didn't want a fuss but love brownies for dessert. So I purchased these online and had them arrive at their home promptly. Fresh and apparently too amazing to contact me and say thank you right away - I had to call them to see if they got them and was informed that "he already ate half" - I purchased 1 tower! Apparently they're great. The service was great, ordering was easy and fast. Delivery was right on time.Thanks the gift was well received.
1	I have been ordering from Fairytale for corporate gifts for a few years, and decided to order some gift sets on sale to be delivered in time for a New Year's Eve celebration. As such, I chose their expedited shipping which their website ordering system said would arrive on Monday, Dec 31st. I didn't recover on the 31st and sent an email to their customer service asking what happened. They responded that their records only showed that they would deliver ASAP, that it would be delivered on Jan 2nd due to the holiday and asked me if I would like to cancel the order. I let them know that I would be able to find a good use for the treats in spite of them not arriving in time but that they should probably check their ordering system to make sure it was giving the right info. I heard nothing back, and fully expected to be nibbling on goodies on the 2nd... no goodies arrived. I called their customer service number on the 3rd to find out what had happened to the order. The rep said that the records showed I cancelled the shipping of the order and that was instead going to pick them up. Huh? She then said that she would have to have customer service call me back tomorrow to take care of the issue because she wasn't authorized. Huh? I thought I was calling customer service. I told her to go ahead and have someone call me but this was really too much trouble to go through for cookies/brownies.  Very poor experience.
4	I love these brownies they are so good. My favorite ones that I have tried are the cream cheese, chocolate chip, original and my most favorite is the Toffee.  The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because Im more of a fudgier gooey type brownie rather than one thats kind of like a moist cake.  You would be surprised where you can buy my favorite brownies at for 4 pieces for 2.99-3.99 is Safeway. They are cut up into 4 big pieces and they are absolutely amazing.Now Fairy Tale brownies are good, don't get me wrong. I just prefer Safeway's shockingly to these that are somewhat over priced IMO.
5	My new mission in life is to get these brownies sold in a store here, and a store that's open 24 hours since the middle of the night is the best time to have them.  Well, I say that but anytime is the best time to have them because they are sooooooooo incredibly good!!!  In the meantime, since we don't have them here, ordering them on line and having them shipped is fine with me!  Now, if you really, really love someone, or you need someone to love you more, you could get these because they will do the trick.  They have to be made in Heaven.  I can't think of a desert in any restaurant I wouldn't pass up to come home and have one of these instead.  The diet will have to start after I cave to the 2 sitting on my desk.
4	I like these brownies.  Yes, they're very sweet but not obnoxiously so.  They are also a more cake-y brownie than a fudge-y brownie, so if you prefer the kind of heavy and dense brownie, these aren't for you.  However, don't confuse lack of denseness for dryness, because the base brownie recipe is quite moist.  The mouthfeel actually reminds me of a smooth peanut butter, which is kind of weird in a good way.  The brownie just melts in your mouth and sticks to the roof, just like peanut butter.Several fillings are available - chocolate chips, pecans, walnuts, cream cheese, fruit jams and the brownies are available in both regular and blondie.  I'm not as much as fan of the blondies, as they don't have the same melty texture and are a bit more crumblier.  These are also not cheap - $2.95 each and they're available in a variety of gift boxes - which for some reason cost more than buying the brownies individually.  The hours of the store are incredibly inconvenient.  Staff here is friendly.These are definitely a treat for a special event, and the standard series brownies are very good.  But as far as hitting a brownie craving, there are much lower cost choices available elsewhere that will do as good a job.
3	Just a quick update from my last review. I was given a refund on the order and an apology on my poor experience with customer service. I appreciate the effort, and definately appreciate the raspberry blondies! I would likely be a repeat customer, although I think I will stick with picking up the orders fresh at their Phoenix location rather than ordering online and having them shipped in the future.
5	Fresh brownies in a foil wrapping!? I still can't believe it! When my roommate (way) back in college ordered these I was skeptical. How could you order brownies (from Arizona) and expect them to be fresh? And how could they be worth the price? I was wrong to doubt her!! Moist and decadent. Every bite is bliss. They have so many flavors, it's always a battle over who gets what. I tend to sneak a brownie or two away and save them because I'm a greedy brownie hoarder! I wouldn't say I'm not adventurous. I've tried pretty much all of the flavors in every size at some point.. but I just like it simple. The choco chip blondie, regular, chocolate chip, mint, and expresso are all flavors I can't live without. I've ordered from Fairytale on many occasions. Sent them as house warming (for myself and others ;) ), Christmas, birthday, and just "hello" presents. Those tasty chocolatey morsels never disappoint the recipients and the company has always made sure to get them delivered on the day they promised. I've worked with the customer service a lot in the past and they've been prompt and friendly. They even helped me send some to a friend when he was stationed in Iraq (definitely not the most user friendly address). And seriously, their commitment means the world to me considering I generally arrange Christmas brownies to be sent to Hawaii and arrive right around Christmas Eve...Thanks for making my special (and ordinary) occasions extraordinary!
4	25% discount for Father's Day Special. Someone at my company got a Fairytale Brownies assorted gift pack and I got to try the morsels, sprites, and cookies (there were 50+ in the package!). I suddenly became a cookie monster and devoured the cookie while typing in the website to order 32 cookies for my Dad. What arrived was probably the best packaging for an online delivery I've ever seen; I got protective styrofoam inside the shipping box with Fairytale Brownies' logo, ice packs methodically wrapped in paper to preserve the baked goods' freshness (from Arizona to Boston), and an inner gift box with a large ribbon announcing "Happy Father's Day!" I contemplated putting it all back in to give to Dad as is because it was so fun to unwrap. Even the ice packs have the Fairytale Brownies' logo! I tell ya - they're a detailed bunch and it's these small touches that count.I'd also give kudos to the friendly customer service. I originally ordered the wrong item online and called to change my order. While I've been groomed to accept automated messages, long hold times, and scripted replies virtually everywhere else, my call here was answered on the first ring with conversational style politeness. All in all, the goods are delicious and are "enchanted" as they claim-- but not an everyday treat because it is quite sweet and higher end in price for me.
4	Ok! I actually used to work in the office but I swear I am not baised! (Even though I did get free brownies, and 50 percent off) These are some GOOD brownies. So good I was addicted, I always wanted a toffee brownie. I sent some to my grandparents as a gift they loved the packaging! I love these brownies because they are Kosher Dairy. If you actually go into their bakery (which is also where the office is, we just work upstairs) you MIGHT see them mixing a batch up and see just HOW much butter they use because there is a series of glass windows. :) I used to show up to work and smell brownies baking it just made my morning God forbid I took the bakery entrance! I love how fudgy these brownies are! They are a great gift to send to someone (especially if you don't know how to bake like me) ALSO the owners of the company are SOOOOOOOOOOOO nice. The reason the brownies are Kosher is because David (one of the owners) is Jewish. Eileen and David are super nice! BONUS points for the theme color being purple!
5	Absolutely delicious.  We purchased these directly from the retail location attached to the baking facility in SE Phoenix.  I can't say enough how tasty these are.  They are not thick, cakey, or dry (despite what the other reviews here have said--but, again, I bought these at the retail location, so they weren't boxed and shipped across the country).  Not a single crusty edge to be found.  A little on the thin side, extremely moist and creamy (not gooey--keep that for your supermarket box mixes), and had more of  fudgey consistency.  Normally I have to cover a brownie with ice cream for it to be palatable--not so here.  These sort of melt in the mouth.  I was more than pleased to see that they are all made on-site with natural ingredients, so no artificial colors/flavors/preservatives.  Individually wrapped with slightly-high prices, which is great for me, because it keeps me from buying a tray--which would soon result in an unsightly waistline.  Please keep up the good work--you now have 2 more loyal customers!!!
3	I had the mint chocolate, mediocre and has a grainy kind of texture, I have had better ones. I did not like the minty after taste.
5	YUMMMM!  Every year around the holidays, companies that our business works with start sending us baked treats. Our law firm represents public agencies, many of whom cannot receive gifts of any kind, but the ones that can, also give them out. See's Candy, various cookies, boxed treats, and these F***** incredible brownies, from the building's management company where our suite is located!!! They're the best treat we get every year! (In my opinion anyhow - and I'm not much of a sweets person most of the time!)There are lots of flavors. I enjoy the caramel the most but they are all pretty good. We end up cutting them up and taking little bites all day from the community table in the kitchen. They're rich, so eating a whole one at once is pretty indulgent.Great gift, especially since they're individually wrapped and packaged nicely. If you don't live near enough someone make a homemade baked treat as a present, these make a great substitute. Especially for an office with several people - the box we receive lasts a few days, (which says something for our group!!) A not in the box says something along the lines that if you can resist finishing them within the first week arrived, refrigerate or freeze. Which is always a good sign - anything that lasts for a long time freaks me out. Except Twinkies.
4	Pardon my language, but these are some damned fine mail-order brownies!  I've been through various companies for such a product.  They all delivered (heh)...but some were super amazing, but went stale quickly....others didn't freeze well....but Fairytale is the real deal!  More cakey than ooey gooey...but still super moist and delicious!  Each one pops with the individual flavor you order.  They are generously sized, the box makes for an awesome gift presentation, and both the purchase and shipping prices ain't too shabby.  I especially enjoyed the individual wrapping, opposed to boxing them together and just using tissue paper to separate.  Solid choice, especially for gifting!ps - They arrived SUPER quickly!
4	I have not yet had the pleasure of trying these, but I came across their website whilst trying to find mail-order birthday gifts for my siblings and thought it looked interesting.I ordered 3 boxes but noticed that I could not select the dates that I desired (too far in the future) so I placed the order, called up customer service and Bethany changed the dates on all my orders so the packages would show up closer to the individuals' brithdays. Well turns out there was an error and one of the boxes was sent out a month early. I got the confirmation that it was shipped and e-mailed Bethany to see if there was anything we could do. She recalled the package and sent out another one on the correct date free of charge even though it was partially my error for not looking over the receipt closely enough. Very good customer service.Two out of the three packages have been delivered and so far everyone is happy :) I plan to order some for myself so I can try them out! I would definitely use Fairytale again!
5	Just received these today in the mail as a gift. I usually dislike any baked goods that come mail order, however, I have to say these are absolutely amazing. I want to eat the whole box immediately. I highly recommend these and will use this company next time I want to send a gift to someone.
5	MMM!!!Ok, so after I wrote my previous review I saw a sale going on for a couple of different brownies (and it was close to my birthday) so I thought what the heck. I ordered some white chocolate and some chocolate nib brownies. I handed a few out at the office and everyone, including myself, were really impressed how mail-order brownies could be this good! They are not dry or hum-drum whatsoever!I have now experienced and enjoyed every aspect of this business: selection, price, ease of ordering online, customer service (including dealing with hiccups), on-time delivery, and now I finally got to try them for myself and I would totally recommend Fairytale Brownies for all of these aspects :) They make GREAT gifts!
4	Every now and then, our business partners would send us a bunch of boxes of these Fairytale Brownies. First time I tried them, I got hooked. Every flavor is amazing: Caramel, Chocolate Chip, Original, Walnut, Cream Cheese, Toffee Crunch... etc... THEY ARE ALL GOOD. I'm scared to look at the nutritional facts haha. Boxes are really nice for gift packaging too! Thunder thighs here I come!!
2	Here is what is required to make box brownie mix:- A large mixing bowl- A mixing spoon- An egg- A little Veggie Oil- A brownie panIf you have those, you should never, and I mean never, waste your time or money on these brownies. The packaging is fantastic, it's very cute. If I could wrap my Betty Crocker Box Hershey Syrup brownies in these sachets I would and send them all over as gifts. They are 10000 times better.I hate to be harsh but I've NEVER rejected a brownie/sweets before I tasted this monstrosity. I received a dozen or so in the mail as a gift. I was so excited, not for the extra calories I thought I'd pack on, but particularly because of the toffee brownie I am a HUGE fan of toffee. I bit in and was instantly disgusted, it taste literally like a brick of sugar. No rich chocolate taste. The texture is ALMOST GOOD but then it starts to grit in your mouth like sugar grains.It took me three days to finally finish off that toffee brownie. Normally would have been three minutes.Trust me, make your own and send them, it will be much more tasty. For no reason should you ever make someone suffer through these.It's not a corporate gift, it's an insult.I'd rather have a cheese ball. (Ok, I am being dramatic, I really like this company, and I like that their headquarters are in my hometown and I love the packaging, but their brownies do suck. And it's hard to mess up a brownie.)
5	BAM!I love sweets and Chocolate tops my list. These brownies are moist and tasty. They are also individually wrapped so they'll keep for a little while too. I also like that you can customize the boxes and choose from a catalog of flavors. I need to try the cookies next and if they are anywhere near the quality of the brownies I'll be in heaven. Thanks!
5	I love to bake and I especially love to bake brownies. However, Fairytale Brownies does something to their brownies that a basic baker just can't do. I don't know what it is, I don't know how they do it, but the brownies always taste like they just came out of the oven. They are that fresh. The chocolate is rich and creamy and every bite is better than the next. They have several different flavors to choose from, including chocolate caramel and chocolate peanut butter which are to of my favorites. I always open the package and say, "oh I will just have a bite." Well, I quickly learned that once I have just a bite, I will be eating the rest. It's worth the calories. If you're looking for a local gift to send to out of town relatives, this is your company. I send Fairytale Brownies as holiday gifts and they always arrive in a timely manner and perfectly packaged. I always get compliments from the recipient and they rave about how delicious the brownies are. The brownies come individually wrapped and are perfect for sharing. You can also get a full size or a mini bar. If you haven't had a Fairytale Brownie, now's your time to do it. They sell them at locations all around the Valley, including all the AJs.
4	These are the best, "mass produced" brownies I've ever tasted!  I am very impressed with how they keep the texture and moistness consistent across all of their different types and flavors of brownies.Their store is really just a counter with a bunch of different brownies.  This isn't A place to go for dessert.  You show up, you try whatever samples they might have out and then you select which brownies they want.  Their focus really is on selling large quantities of brownies and their mail order business.
5	First off the brownies are the best thing ever and they come individually wrapped in a gift box. I have ordered from them 3 times so far and my guest were never disappointed. Not only do the brownies taste great the customer service team is the best. I made an error on my order and jwhittle corrected the situation quick and even offered to waive the shipping cost. Just wanted to say you guys are amazing and I will be ordering very soon again. - Jessica Flores
