5	i love the food here...and i'm not saying that because i work here. i've bought food every day for the past week that i worked here. all of the salads are great (the dressing is really addicting)...the spicy tuna salad is probably the most popular. all of our tempura rolls are delicious. the most popular chef's special roll is the first kiss. and a lot of people seem to order our yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos. my favorite cold appetizer is the lemon tako (octopus sashimi w/ thin slices of lemon & sesame oil). and i love to snack on our sweet potato tempura w/ a drizzle of unagi sauce. we have some other off-menu items that you'll have to come in and ask about :)  i almost forgot...2 for 1 on all alcohol from 10pm to 2am every nite!!!btw, my bosses didn't tell me to write a review here...i genuinely like it here. the sushi chef alex & everyone else is cool & laid-back.
5	I lived in Henderson for about a year and Kaizen was far and away the best thing about living there. AWESOME Sushi, my favourite was Spicy Taitaki Roll as well as the Crispy Rice w/Spicy Tuna app. Cool atmosphere, great Green Tea - I can't say enough about this place. Came in with my wife all the time, twice even the two days before I left! I think the other reviewer (CheriM) was our waitress actually ;)
4	My boyfriend and I chanced upon this place one night, during their sushi happy hour. The food was really good and the sushi chef was a really amazing korean gentleman who we had a really nice conversation with.The hostess was very friendly as well, and the prices are definitely not that bad if you go during their special times.
5	If you are amongst the vegan crew, chef Alex will create something savvy and new for you!!  His ideas extend far beyond the simplicity of avocado and cucumber (although still a personal favorite!)  Using rice paper, seaweeds, fresh veggies, tempura, and more he will certainly go above and beyond for  your vegan palate!  (Not to worry, Kaizen has plenty to offer to you fishitarians as well!)
3	I thought this was the same as the Kaizen on Paradise (maybe I'm confused) but the menu was different. Was quite as good. They did have some interesting 'fruit rolls.' I had the banana roll which was decent. The volcano rolls weren't really cutting it compared to the norm.
1	I can't really comment on the food because I didn't have any. While looking for a good place to have sushi, we chose this place based on the reviews here on Yelp. Being that it was late, we called ahead and asked what time they closed. They told us 10pm, so we made the decision to go. When we got there at 9:30, we were turned away at the door. The excuse that they gave was that business was slow and it was near closing--as if somehow that made sense. Judging by the reviews, the food is probably excellent, but I base my opinion on several key attributes, and customer service is high on the list. If you advertise that you close at 10, then that means you seat people until 10. If someone calls ahead and you intend to close early, tell them. This is simple expectation management that you'd expect to find in any service industry.I'm not usually one to post such negative reviews like this, and I honestly don't expect that this one review would change your mind about dining at this place. Further, I'm not posting this out of anger (we ended up at Lucille's BBQ and had a wonderful evening). But I do believe this incident deserved a mention on principle.
2	The Place: Clean, Casual, Nice DecorThe Service: Friendly The Food: OkA friend and I went here randomly one night (as it's 2 minutes from my house) to check it out.  We edamame and a variety of rolls.  I feel the biggest selling point is the atmosphere. The sushi was so-so. My friend and I felt that for the money there are better places for Sushi in South Vegas / Henderson.
5	I love this outpost of Kaizen Sushi.  I haven't tried the others yet.  We've been here before and each time the experience gets better.  The food is always good.  Recently we started sitting at the bar and once you get those chefs a Sapporo, it's on!  Alex and Han are making some good rolls!  Also, my favorite is the Seared Albacore with Crispy Onions.  Sooo yummy.
4	While I was living in Vegas, I went to Kaizen regularly.Very neat & clean. Waitering service is good.I've always had their steak since I'm not much a sushi eater. Their steak is sooo delicious. Very tender and tons of flavor. My husband loves all of their rolls. I highly recommend kaizen whether you like sushi or not. There's something on their menu for everyone!
5	The sushi is the best. Try the tuna poki, spicy rainbow and yum yum crispy tuna
4	The service here is kind of ehhhh.  Almost everytime we come here they forget to bring at least one item, or bring food before our appetizers.  The food though is really good.  They have a great selection of rolls, and happy hour specials.  We will keep going back, but we will keep our guard up
4	Very good food. I have had trouble finding a sushi restaurant with quality of fish similar to that in LA. This is the closest. They give large portions. The prices are pretty much the same as other places in Las Vegas, but portions are larger and fish is more fresh. Very friendly staff. Good happy hour. Have gone back three or four times and each experience was consistent with this review.
3	With the owners of En Sushi out of town, we were looking for a place to pop in to get some rolls and sashimi in our area. We sat at the sushi bar and found the sushi chefs to be polite and fun. Beef tataki was on special, but it was just *eh*. I found it odd that they sold yellowtail belly specifically as a markup, but I can say it was delicious! Fresh and tasty. We tried a few rolls of the menu and found them all to be big, sloppy, and saucy. I do prefer my rolls tight and neat and I do like tasting fish. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing but I feel like every roll was just a mess on my plate covered in way too much sauce. They are open late and they have fresh yellowtail - I will be back, but only when I can't get to En and I'll avoid the sloppy rolls next time.
4	We wanted to try somewhere beside I Love Sushi since we always go there, and we might have found another place to add to the rotation.  They have 2 for 1 sake specials, which is right up our alley!  Not as much of a selection as I Love Sushi, and a little pricey, but the place was empty and we have good service.  They did accidentally charge our credit card twice, but we can't fault them for a mistake.
4	Kaizen rocks.The decor is cool and the place is intimate.  They play a little acid jazz along with house and garage.  The ambiance is cool.  The staff is really good.While the Kaizen appears to have few customers, it could be my new go-to place.The sushi was awesome.  Toro and tako were fantastic.  The fish was as fresh and tender as any I've had in Vegas.  The rolls were imaginitive and tasty.We landed on a great night, as it was two for one drinks night.I highly recommend Kaizen.
4	I really loved the decor. The sushi was very reasonable priced. They have a discounted menu that we ordered from and it was great.
3	This place never seems to be busy, now I understand why. My friend and I have been here a few times when our preferred sushi bars had a long wait. The sushi is nothing spectacular. My friend took advantage of one of their specials; I believe they were half off sushi rolls, and the pieces were tiny. Their gyoza was mediocre, nothing special. The one thing I did enjoy was their green tea tempura ice cream. It is probably the second best tempura ice cream dish I have had, and that speaks volumes because I LOVE tempura ice cream. The vibe in here is awesome, and we have always had great service. If you're looking for great sushi, this really isn't the place to go, but I'm still giving it three stars because the vibe, service, and tempura ice cream are excellent.
5	This place is great over all, the music that they play on mondays is great and I always go on a monday because its not as busy so u get extra attention from the chefs jason,ryan and geo the server. The whole restaurant including the staff is great, nice cool spot to go relax and have a few drinks with their 2 for 1 speacial with a little sushi of course. Jason has been doing a great job everytime I go specially when it comes to specials, they will make you anything you like since they said their policy is just to make everybody happy. I love this place and I highly recomended.
5	I love this place. This is where I tried sushi for the first time. My first roll ever was a hungry roll. IT WAS AMAZING!! The staff is great, and everytime I've gone it hasn't been busy so the wait time was moderate. Prices are rediculously low. I've tried 20+ sushi places in vegas and henderson and this is still hands down my favorite spot. The Hot Night Roll, the sashimi and sushi are great.
4	I came here last night and I am definitely a fan! I eat sushi all the time so I can tell when its quality stuff.Right when we arrived, the waiter let us know that it was happy hour, so we ordered two small bottles of nigori sake at buy 1, get 1 free! He even let us know that if we ordered a larger bottle and didn't finish it, they would label it and keep it in the back for us so we would have it for our next visit. What restaurant do you know that does that? Awesome!The company I was with knew the sushi chef and the chef let us know right away what the freshest fish of the day was. So that's exactly what we ordered.We had 2 orders of each:Yellow Tail BellyAlbacoreMackerelFreshwater EelTunaSalmon(I'm forgetting a few)All were melt-in-your-mouth DELICIOUS! I have to point out the Eel, because normally, I don't like Eel because some restaurants drench the eel is over-the-top sweet teriyaki sauce, but not at Kaizen. Wow, the way they prepare the eel is perfection and only brings out the natural beautiful flavors of the fish. Also another plus is they didn't use too much rice in any of the sushi where its overbearing.Definitely a must try!
4	Upon walking into this sleek establishment, the first thing one notices is the placement of the sushi bar at the center of the restaurant, where all can observe the chef at work.  Perhaps it was the understated but self-assured way I was acknowledged from the head sushi chef upon walking in, but I just had an immediate strong impression that I would be well taken care of, and my instincts were not off.  Call me a traditionalist, but I haven't fully embraced the trend for sushi that is overdressed with multiple types of fish and lathered with bold sauces (am I the only person who finds the term "orgasm sauce" to sound completely unappetizing?!) since sushi is a celebration of the intrinsic flavor of the fish, and the former style can often mask or compensate for mediocre sushi.   Therefore, I went with some traditional sushi rather than go for the combination rolls (although ones which stood out upon perusing the menu was a tuna roll with mango topped with salmon and a king crab/lobster roll wrapped in halibut).  They have a special menu near the back pages that offer "half-priced" sushi all the time (makes me wonder when it is full price) but semantics aside, I received a reasonable deal with 2 pieces each of red snapper, yellow-tail, halibut, yellow tail belly, and sweet shrimp for less than 20 bucks.  All the fish were extremely fresh and the chef does a good job with proportioning the fish/rice ratio.  The stars for me were the sweet shrimp and the yellowtail belly.  The sweet shrimp has a velvety sweet texture and it slips right off the slightest bit of tail left on probably for aesthetics.  The two pieces are also served alongside two perfectly deep-fried shrimp heads which makes it seem like a 4 piece order.  This additional bonus piece was an unexpected bite of heaven since it was like combining the most perfect shrimp chip, soft shell crab, and the innards of regular crab all into one glorious fusion of texture and flavor.  There was also something primal about being able to devour the whole thing since it appears as though it would not be digestable based on appearance alone.The tell-tale sign that I would return was upon being served the yellow-tail belly.  The server presented me with some yellow-tail belly that had been diced into 8-9 pieces and apologized that the chef was down to a portion that was not able to be fashioned into a nigiri, but just received a fresh shipment that he would serve on the house if I was willing to wait an extra 15 minutes (I should mention both portions were excellent).   The fact that I received a double portion and the chef's insistence that I get the freshest cut of his fish at no additional charge  speaks highly on his craft and loyalty towards his patrons.  The meal concluded with an artistic palate cleanser of an orange served with the skin off and sectioned inside it's rind which probably took an additional 5-10 minutes to prepare versus cutting them into simple wedges, but sometimes little touches go a long way.
5	great sushi. The spicy octopus is the best. The prices are reasonable. Geo is the best waiter there. The rest are okay but he is really good, quik and very friendly.
5	I have been here three times in the last 2 months and every time I go back it gets better.  The Spider roll was the best I have ever had.  Oh and the tuna had perfect color and taste.  The servers are so helpful and friendly.  Did I mention the happy hour from 6-12am.  Discounts on the sushi, rolls and even the drinks.  Can't go wrong with that.  I think this is going to be my spot for sushi from now on.
4	Walked in around 30 minutes to closing, & we felt like we were the first customers greeted when Kaizen first opens in the day. I enjoyed the service & how upbeat they were even before the time they were closing. Hipster atmosphere, with televisions playing popular mainstream music videos. I'm always a fan of a restaurant having a theme to the environment, & Kaizen was very tastefully decorated. I stuck with the simple spicy tuna roll & my girlfriends ordered some creative, unique rolls (all to which I unfortunately forgot their names, but not the taste!) Most of their dishes are garnished with bold flavors, sauces, & seasonings to give it a kick, so if you're a fan of adding a little taste to your sushi, Kaizen will probably work out for you wonderfully! Prices are at what a decent sushi restaurant should be at, & would definitely recommend this location to anyone taking the spouse on a date or looking to go on a classy sushi lunch/dinner with their friends!
5	THIS PLACE IS AWSOME!!! yesterday I went to kaizen for the first time. I went around 7pm it was busy but the waiter Jay was on task with other waitress and the sushi chef were very friendly. Five star to this restaurant!! Also they have a happy hour which is 6pm to close everyday buy one get one free!!! sushi and sashimi prices is reasonable and eric's special rolls were great! He asked me what I liked and he made me a roll with a great presentation!!!  I recommend to everyone!! i'll see you guys soon!!!
5	This is a great sushi restaurant! Great happy hour and sushi specials, extremely friendly and helpful staff, and a great atmosphere. The food is great, the sushi is fresh, and the dessert menu is rich with options as well.The only drawback I could think of is the restaurant is in a busy strip mall with a Buffalo Wild Wings and a 5 Guys Burger place, making parking difficult during dinner times. But for great sushi, it's worth the pain of parking.
5	In an effort to try all sushi places around our house we only 2 left to go. Last night it was Kaizen time, and now we have one left (Sushi Wa). So....I gotta say, we really liked this place. The menu is a little out of the ordinary in that all of the specials not only describe the item, but also have a picture of it right there. Slick. The place itself is nice, not real big but a decent size. The decor is not overdone and is clean. Very nice.  Prices, like all sushi places (to me) are high, but no higher than anywhere else I suppose. The variety of rolls is good---does not go on and on as some do, but plenty of choices. We got mostly special type rolls and a couple of non-specials. The rolls themselves were great, really well presented and tasty. Some of the best I have had anywhere. I would go back in a heartbeat, and will. A definate new favorite.
4	I didn't even know this location existed until they posted a Groupon. Nice :)We arrived for lunch on a Sat. I definitely like the interior decor. It was a little dark for lunch time, but I can see it fitting for dinner/ late night patrons.We ordered the King of the Ocean Roll, Salsa Dancing Roll, and asked the server to recommend one off the special's board. He told us the I Love My A** Roll was very popular. I love these sushi roll names. LOL. We also ordered a kid's teriyaki chicken plate for my son, which was presented very cute bento-style.All the food tasted fresh and well-made. My favorite was of course, the I Love My A** Roll. Very unique. I wish I could remember exactly how it was made, but believe me, I eat a lot of sushi, so I know when a roll is different. You'll have to go try it.Being able to use a Groupon was definitely a plus. Service was good, and they thanked us when we left. I'd come back to this location, since it's definitely cleaner and more convenient than the one on Maryland Pkwy!
5	This is for sure one of my favorite sushi places I have tried in Henderson. Being a big salmon eater cleanliness and freshness is always very key for me, and I have never had a problem with either one of those things in my many of times that I have been to this establishment. I believe the prices are fair not crazy expensive but not cheap. ( you pay for what you get) Staff has always been friendly and food is prepared quickly. I would recommend this place to any sushi lovers.
4	Once again, this is a pretty good place for the roll style of sushi.Ambiance - 5 Star - Very nice. trendy, clean, black motif, big TV playing cool stuff, neon signs with all the specials.  Right smack in middle is the sushi chefs all there of you to watch.Food - 4 star - Had the kiss of fire ( jalepeno topped) roll, and Rainbow Roll.  I liked the fact that the jalepeno was cut so thin that it added a nice flavor to the roll instead of overwhelming the taste.  Rainbow roll was fine, nothing special. Was with the wife and had sushi earlier in the week, so I did not get my favorites to really compare this restaurant to the others,  However, it was good average sushi so I give it 4 star.Chef - 4 star - We sat at the table at this one and Jay Kim was very nice and friendly.  Trained in Japan, I wonder how many others are trained in Japan.Price - 4 star - For two rolls, two drinks, came up to like 35.00 with tip so it was okay, if a tad expensive. Nice place, nice team there, good bento boxes and other things to eat. Nice noodle choices as well.  Overall very nice and would come back.
1	The sake and beer were the highlight! Rice was overcooked. Fish tasted fishy, not fresh. Headed out to eat somewhere else!
3	Boyfriend and I came because we got a Groupon. There was zero wait at 5:30 on Friday night (a bit weird). The decor is very modern and does not feel at all crowded. There's the obligatory Japanese pop music playing loudly. The sushi chefs appeared to be Japanese, which bodes well. The food (pictures have been posted!): Boyfriend had the shrimp tempura roll and the beef teriyaki bowl. I sampled the roll; it was delicious. Anything covered in that much eel sauce is bound to make me happy! He said the bowl was good, but the beef was cut too thinly. I had the salmon teriyaki roll and the hungry roll. They were good, not great. The portions were big, which is something I always worry about when it comes to sushi. All in all, I doubt we'll be back. I'm very sure that there are better places to try, so I don't see the point in going back for food that wasn't as good as it can be!
4	Surprisingly not bad.
3	The food was good, the ambiance was very trendy, the place looked nice, but the service was awkwardly slow.  Overall it is a nice sushi restaurant. When myself friend and I arrived we were the only guests.  We were seated right away, our orders were taken in appropriate time and our food came out fast.  The rest of the time our server was pacing the floor yet not getting that we were ready for the check.  I don't know if he was trying to not rush us out or what but it took way too long to cash out.  We had to stand up to give him the hint that we were ready to leave.  I did like the sushi although I think other restaurants serve more at that price.  The place looked nice, had flashy neon specials signs, funny names for the dishes, and today's hit songs playing in a big screen t.v.  I am not usually in the Henderson area so I probably won't be back but it is a decent restaurant if you are near by.
4	A great assortment, even non-sushi items. My partner loves sushi, so found a roll that he loved. I had an assortment of items in the bento box. I didn't care for the Korean BBQ short ribs; too much fat and bone.  But everything else was wonderful and there really is something for everyone. East to recommend!
5	No AYCE but the food is so fresh it doesn't matter!!. This is not just a sushi joint it's one of the few places I've had the pleasure to relax and just chill, drink, and have a great time. Great place to do sake bombs with your table and the chef lol!!
3	I had a Groupon for this location, so my husband and I tried it out. I wasn't too impressed. The service was great, but I wasn't really into the loud pop music vibe. The sushi itself was good, but nothing special. And I felt like it was overpriced. I did like the Korean BBQ sushi roll with the extra BBQ meat on the side, but if I'm craving Korean BBQ I'd just go to a Korean restaurant. I also got the "I like my a**" roll as I'd read about it here on Yelp, but again I just wasn't impressed. It was good, but not as good as other specialty rolls I've had. And I couldn't find a smoked salmon-cream cheese roll (one of my favorites) on the menu. Overall, I guess it just didn't compare to my favorite sushi restaurants.
5	I had always loved Kaizen for the quality of the sushi they serve. So fresh and authentic, you feel like you're swimming in the oceans with them. But my only issue was that they were never AYCE, until they finally did the unthinkable.Kaizen has very a very moden type of decor and appearance with multiple TVs and even a projector screen that plays random music videos. It's hardly packed when I go so the environment is acceptable and comfortable.Kaizen has always served the best rolls and sushi in town. You can say all you want about Goyemon and what not but I personally don't think  you can compare the two. My BELOVED roll is the sexy roll. The food itself defines its title in every way whether it be from taste to looks. The spicy tuna was thicker than the rice and the sauce that it was pressed on had my tongue slobbering. And as you order more and more, the chefs put less rice and sushi on your rolls so that they can be easy on us too! There's also a salad bar for all the AYCE customers! It consists of seaweed salad, other typical salads, cucumbers, and etc. AYCE is about $27.95. It's a fraction more than the average but you are paying more for better quality. Otherwise, all the rolls are practically the same in terms of pricing.Service is great! Although there was only one server, he was on top of everything all the time. I'm sorry Mon, Goyemon, and Yama, but there's a new sheriff in town. Everyone should give this place a try.
4	Great Sushi amd place
5	The quality of sushi at Kaizen is superior to others in town. This restaraunt has a fun and friendly atmosphere. TVs are located on all sides of sushi bar with large projection screen on the end. The projector screen shuffles music videos that features a wide range of popular hit music while the televisions play any relevant entertainment or sporting event.The staff is another reason to choose Kaizen. Jay Kim and his staff have always worked hard while remaining polite, courteous, friendly and fun. It's apparent that others have chosen Kaizen as there designated sushi stop. Guests who walk in always appear excited upon their greeting.
4	I was driving up Eastern looking for a sushi joint that I have never eaten at. We ended up going to Kaizen expecting a sushi joint with all you can eat (they recently do have it now).We got in just in time for Happy Hour. Many of their rolls are half price and they also have the option to include brown rice! We still order to go periodically and have yet to eat their AYCE. I highly suggest coming here to try their spicy tuna roll with brown rice.
5	Let me start by saying that my hubby and I are forever grateful to our friends for introducing us to this Sushi restaurant as we are always reluctant to try new Sushi restaurants as there are so many along Eastern that have been a disappointment.  Our friends are Korean and they took us here because it is a Korean/Japanese fusion restaurant.On our first visit with our friends, we let them take control and just order for our table.  At that time there was no All You Can Eat menu yet so everything we had was A La Carte.  We ordered the party tray which is a variety of Sushi, Sashimi, Rolls, and Tempura on a Large wooden Boat.  Our children had the 2 item Bento special with Chicken Katsu and Tempura Vegetable.  We were pleasantly surprised to have been served "FRESH" Wasabi rather then your typical wasabi paste. Our friends ordered a side of gochujang sauce (Korean hot pepper paste sauce) and my hubby always gets a side of ponzu for his sushi and rolls (instead of using soy sauce).  Ok are you ready for this...if you mix the (1) fresh wasabi, (2)gochujang and (3)ponzu all together you have will have an amazing dip for your sushi, rolls, and pretty much everything else you're eating at your table!  YES it is THAT good!  We even shared this bit of information with the Sushi Chef.  By the way the Chefs/Waiters, and waitresses are extremely friendly.  The atmosphere of the entire restaurant is just inviting.  There is a large screen that plays random music videos and of course they have "Gangnam Style" on rotation and if your nice the Sushi Chef will even do the dance for you  if you ask.  Since our first visit to this restaurant, they have added an All You Can Eat option for lunch and dinner.  We were at first worried because usually when an All You Can Eat is added on a Sushi menu all that means is All You Can Eat (poorer) quality fish...BUT NOT at Kaizen!  They use the same fresh ingredients in their A la Carte menu that they do on the All You Can Eat menu.  The Sushi Chef's will also be more then happy to do customized rolls if you don't see what you want on the menu or if you dare to try something new.  I will also add that with All You Can Eat there is a salad bar available that is A-mazing!  If you order A la Carte, the salad bar is on $5 and they give you a decent size bowl.  The salad bar has Mixed Greens, Tuna Sashimi, Cucumber/mango salad, Crab Salad with Jalapeno, Seaweed salad, sweet octopus, and a variety of fish salad.  I will end this with, we have not eaten Sushi anywhere else since we started coming here...their service is consistent and their food is superb! You will not be disappointed.
5	This is the best sushi place in Las Vegas IMHO. Jay and Jacob are the best chef. They talked to you, they remember what you like on your food, and they attentive enough to offer more food when you're done with your plate. The raw stuff here are super fresh. They do offer AYCE now and it's the best deal. This is not paid advertisement btw ;) I'm just a regular who really love the sushi here.Btw my husband loves the fact that they are playing cool music videos in here. :))
5	Tried this place for the first time tonight with four other friends and everyone loved it. We have been to numerous sushi places around tow. And defiantly would rate this in the top 3. All of us did the all you can eat, which includes access to a sushi salad bar they have which is very good. We had numerous roles and I recommend trying the ice cream in your mouth and the banana role. Both is something you must try, I did t think I was going to like it but we all decided to try it and all of us liked both of them so much we had to order more. The selection of roles was quite large and all of them were very tasty. I strongly recommend this place to anyone who is a sushi lover, I'd give it a 6 out of 5 stars.
5	Love it!  I like that they do half sushi rolls!  The best rolls are the ocean roll, sexy roll and first kiss!  And their ice cream in your mouth is a very neat dessert roll!  Their AYCE price cannot be beat it includes Everything on their menu!
2	This place is a sad story. Its been past from owner to owner only getting worse in the process. It used to be great tasting sushi. Now if you can even get your order right its mediocre at best. the service is sooooooo awful and slow. i dont know if they dont understand you or if they just dont care. When you tell them you got something wrong they look at you so confused or not caring. I have been here many times but the lat several have now ruined this place for me forever
4	Went here because of a groupon, but I've been back a time or two, because the quality of the sushi is really exceptional!
5	This place is awesome..!!!! Great service, great food!!! I had salmon-skin salad n yaki Udon..!!!
2	The sushi here is tasty. There is a large selection of baked rolls for those who insist on sushi, but dislike raw fish. Their nigiri is fresh and cuts of fish generous. Their AYCE is around $27, the menu is pretty extensive and it is higher quality of sushi. My favorite rolls were Kiss of Fire and Silver State.Why only 2 stars? There were several rolls we ordered, as well as an order of uni that never made it out. In fact, in the middle of our service, they stopped coming to take our order altogether. There were four of us, all indulging in AYCE. When the server came by, he mentioned that the chefs were backed up. The restaurant wasn't even half full. This is where the greedy part comes in. They purposefully spaced it so that we would eventually just get tired or decide we are full and leave. To be fair, they did comp our drinks ($7.50) due to the wait without us asking. But that hardly makes up for not getting several rolls we ordered, yet signed for a $120 bill. Also, the ladies' bathroom toilet didn't flush. Big yuck!On the next visit, boyfriend's brother's fiance asked me to go back with her. I did, and the greedy part was reaffirmed and I am most definitely not coming back. I initially didn't think I'd have much food so I didn't opt for AYCE... I ordered a cucumber salad and two rolls (not realizing that I was close to $35 already). Now, I had done something similar at another sushi joint, where I just ordered what I remembered I enjoyed as AYCE as a la carte, and then had the waitress suggest that I should just go AYCE because what I ordered was well over the AYCE price. I appreciated that type of service and looking out for the customer instead of pocketing extra $20 and losing 5+ repeat customers. Oh, yeah, they also forgot one of my rolls and we just sat around while they brought it out. Apparently the chefs thought they had already filled that order. The sheer greediness this place exhibited left  a horrible impression. I am not asking for freebies, but I also will not be taken advantage of. Their lack of customer focus cost them 5 certain repeat customers, and probably many more people I would have brought there, because the sushi is actually pretty good.It is located in the Buffalo Wild Wings parking lot on Eastern. The parking on weekends is a nightmare.
5	Umm Yeah! Kaizen on Paradise Road is by far my favorite sushi restaurant of all time, so I knew this wouldn't let us down. SUPER big points for the AYCE Menu! Paradise doesn't offer that, and this location is in Henderson! YAY!I posted a picture with my check in, we ordered Baked green mussels, oysters on the half shell, fatty tuna, yellow tail, yum yum scallop nigiri, & my favorite, ikura.. to start. Everything was perfect. I love when a good AYCE offers oysters on the half. They limit it to one order per person-- that's understandable... because I would order 50 =-) We like spicy food, so if you do I HIGHLY recommend the Salmon Killer, and the kiss of fire rolls. For those that aren't a fan of fire, Try the O roll, snow white, their Hawaiian roll. They will add or remove any ingredients you request. Personally, I'm not a fan of asparagus in sushi, so they substituted it in of the rolls for Japanese pickled veggies. The perks of this restaurant is that there's no rules to their AYCE. They let you swap sauces, customize rolls and order half rolls. I think my sushi dream has come true. The service was nice, our waitress was friendly and told us we can order however we want as long as we don't waste food (No worries there!) The fish, just like their other location, is uberly fresh. The AYCE price is $24 after 9PM, on Fridays & Saturdays you get either a FREE sake or beer per AYCE order. Happy Sushi-ing =-)
5	Hands down the best AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas! Service is fast and great, and the sushi rolls are very tasty. The quality of the fish is also fresh and honestly, the sushi chefs puts decent amount of rice compared to other sushi restaurants where they would put massive amounts of rice so customers can get full fast. They also have a salad bar where you can self serve yourself. The rolls are very neatly and well presented and worth taking pictures for and sharing online and ultimately delicious!
5	After a few more visits, I think Kaizen deserves a bump up to 5 stars!Consistently good service, helpful and friendly sushi chefs, and most importantly, they served me amazingly delicious live Uni AND they have fresh wasabi. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kaizen-fusion-roll-and-sushi-henderson-3?select=5wwkK5J3s0zJwPL_OAIOLg#TuJ6XKrUJZWgLcCvfayp1QPlus, they always bring out my son's cute kid's meal out ASAP, which is awesome. All these things makes me want to come eat here even more!
4	Tempura Udon is better than anything I had in Japan for the month I was there. Chicken curry bowl was bland and flavorless. SAshimi plate was fine, but probably better to do all you can eat.
4	I think that this might be the best AYCE sushi restaurant in Las Vegas/Henderson. The food is very good, specially the variety of nigiri that offer. It is also one of the rare restaurant that offers Toro nigiri. Serivce needs a bit improvement, but its the food that counts at any restaurant. Sushi rolls are also amazing, I would recommend Avocado Train for starters. I can't wait to go here again.
2	The fish seemed fresh but the rice was undercooked or at the very least overly toothy. That's got to be a cardinal sin of some sort. Service was friendly, however and the atmosphere cozy.
5	The BEST All You Can Eat and the price is great if you come after 9pm $23, otherwise it's $29. They have a salad bar with delicious salmon Poki and Seawead salad. Try these rolls:Monkey Brains (Yummy!!!)Salmon Killer (Spicy like nothing else but it's GOOOOODDDD)Snow White (it's unique and sweet and very pretty :-)Energy ( it's shrimp tempura with salmon skin wrapping and a sweet sauce... Unique and delicious)Rattle Snake ( if you like sweet eel this one is the bomb)...I never knew they had desert sushi other than Sweet Egg, but try their Ice Cream in My Mouth, lol... It's banana tempura wrapped in rice and topped with cooked strawberries in a sweet sauce... It's unique and ask for a rose on it for your special someone if you're on a date... Lol it was a surprise :-)Also be prepared for some crazy trendy music video experience.
4	Call me a sushi snob, but I am very particular about my AYE sushi places. A girlfriend of mine recommended we eat at this place, since its just around the corner from my house. This is located on Coronado center and Eastern, Easy to find , and plenty of parking.Ambiance of the place is great, the staff is friendly and the place is clean! 3 things I look for when I walk into a restaurant.Their all you can eat menu you selection was bizarre ! I love how there was so much sushi selections and non sushi entrees you can choose from.I pretty much devoured the Nigiri  , since i was on a so called diet and Nigiri only has two pieces rather than an entire roll. I must say the Nigiri was to die for. Temperature was great and the texture was perfect. The Nigiri had no veins, it was all fish. :)As for their non sushi items , they had of course the common Gyoza, Skewers, MIso Soup and I love their Ahi Poke salad ( I highly recommend you order this). And if you love mussels their mussels are fresh has they can be.We ended our dinner by ordering a red bean ice cream and of course a strawberry mocha.I love this place , this is my new AYE top places to eat for sushi.
4	First I have to say in the capitol of AYCE sushi this place has some of the best appetizers, and small plates anywhere. If any place has my beloved shishito peppers I am a happy girl.Ambiance is bright, fun and immaculate. they have music videos as well as sports on multiple tv's, but the room never gets loud or annoying. Service is great. Even when they are swamped they make sure every single guest is happy and attended to. One of the GM's even hopped behind the sushi bar to assist me on his night off! I ale saw the owner running food for the kitchen, talk about a passionate team!Their nigiri was exceptional! My favorite was the hamachi toro, saba (the best I've had), and the uni was incredible. I would love to go back on a slow night so I can truly be blown away.
5	I Love this place dinner time sushi all you can eat is the BEST my husband and I just love it here for a few reasons one is they always bring you drinks when they see you run out not to mention the sushi is to die for !! Sexy girl was good   !! Been to alot of Sushi places like Sushi bay ext and trust this sushi place is by far the best lots of options, great customer service, great atmosphere not a small place which is really nice good music and all around great place to eat sushi they also have none sushi items on the all you can eat sushi menu.
5	Fantastic.I only noticed recently that these guys have entered the league of AYCE sushi restaurants, and what an entrance it is. Toro (1 piece) and yellowtail belly (2) one-per-person on the _regular_ dinner menu. Yellowtail and salmon belly too. Yellowtail and albacore sashimi options. Extensive appetizer and small entree menu that reminds me of Umiya.Heck, unlike some desserts weren't even limited, other than tempura ice cream and creme brulee being one for person. Man, I wish they hadn't been out of green tea creme brulee so that I might be able to compare it favorably to Goyemon's... But you know what, I still can do it because of excellent overall sushi quality. And because of the Ice Cream In Your Mouth dessert roll that kinda blew my mind. Save room for it when you go!The service could have been a little better, but it was on par with my last Goyemon visit. After one visit, this joint is now easily in my top 4. You need to try this if you are a regular of Sushi Mon or another nearby sushi place. Or a non-nearby sushi place. Just go.
5	I didn't really want to write a review but the chef asked me if I yelped and now here I am writing my first one.  Kaizen has quickly become my favorite all you can eat sushi place in town.  It's got great modern decor and every seat has an angle to a tv.  There is usually hip hop/top 40 music playing and on the main tv, they'll play the videos. Off topic but Flo Rida's Let it Roll video is hilarious.  I probably wouldn't have seen it if it weren't for Kaizen.  Thank you Kaizen video person.Great decor and funny videos aside, the reason Kaizen get 5 stars from me is the food is de-lish!  It's re-dic good! Yeah, I just said "re-dic"! I recently took my cousin there and after eating some yellowtail belly nigiri, he just smiled and said "this is f'n' delicious".  They have some items that you are limited to 2 pieces but you gotta order them.  Definitely get the toro, yellowtail belly, hamachi sashimi with jalepeno, albacore with fried onions, most places won't even offer these on their ayce menus. The saba, cajun albacore, super white are wonderful, too.  I haven't even gotten to how good the rolls are.  The avocado train and snow white are standouts for me.  There's also an extensive appetizer list.  Grilled shishinto peppers are bomb!  Who even does shishinto peppers at ayce? Kaizen does, that's who!  I'm usually stuffed by dessert but I force down some strawberry mochi and creme brulee which I end up regretting but I can always do some cardio the next day.I thank my friend for having his birthday at Kaizen. I love it here.  Oh, another plus is they do a stamp card.  Buy 10 get 1 free, now if I could only remember to bring my stamp card.  Hope you enjoy it as much as I have.
3	Clean and bright flavors with Friendly atmosphere.
4	I've been desperately looking for a good "go-to" sushi restaurant when I'm in the mood for a piece of fish and a roll.  So far I've felt like Vegas has let me down in that department. I'm pleased to announce I have found that "go-to" sushi restaurant.I would have to say that the yellowtail jalapeno platter rivals that of Nobu for $10 less and way more fish.  Their nigiri is amazing, and their rolls have hit spot on.  Not too many sauces (like those restaurants up and down Eastern...not naming names), and they don't have rolls that are called "tastes like my ex-wife (or maybe girlfriend)" which always leave me with a bad taste in my mouth (haha...puns are funny).  The Kiss of Fire roll is my fav.Staff is attentive, chef's are friendly, and the atmosphere is modern and clean.
4	Once of the best all you can eats that I have been to... and the first one that I have been to that has the rock and roll (fish in cucumber, no rice) on the ayce menu. They also have some sashimi type plates on it too! The reasons I did not give them a fifth star is because they were slow making some of the rolls (there were four sushi chefs and not too many customers) and hostess kept trying to take the one menus from my boyfriend that he still wanted to look at.
5	It's hard to find an AYCE sushi place that will do things the way you like. Loved everything we tried and the service was good! Definitely returning.
4	I like this place a lot and would definitely go back but I'm rating it 4 stars because I ordered 3 orders of eel and they had a loooooot of bones. I couldn't stop coughing coz it got stuck in an awkward part of my throat. Other than that I recommend the avocado train for avocado lovers! Don't miss out on that!
4	Great Sushi, Great atmosphere.  I love to take out of town friends to this place for some top notch Vegas sushi.
2	I came here with a group of friends who were craving sushi and wanted to try somewhere new. The food was alright, but the service could've been a lot better. Being in a bigger group, we ordered a bunch of different rolls. After waiting quite a while the rolls started to appear at the table, but more than 1/2 of the rolls we ordered never came. We had two different servers and mentioned the situation to both and servers and they did not seem too concerned about what happened to the rolls we ordered.  It was a little ridiculous because the table next to us kept getting roll after roll even when we ordered before them. Not cool. This was my first and last time coming to this place.
1	Can you say incompetence? I came here with a group of friends one Friday night and it was a terrible way to start the weekend! The service was fishy at best. I don't know if it was a language barrier or what but they messed up on every single one of our orders.  When our food finally arrived they said it was time for our group to leave because we had "exceeded" our time limit. Are you kidding me exceeded our time limit?! We wouldn't have exceeded our time limit if you had gotten one of our orders right! with so many better options for sushi in this area, its a wonder this place is still in business.
5	Definitely our new sushi AYCE spot! We were in love with this place before they were AYCE and only went here for special occasions...but now that it's AYCE we're in heaven! We'd go to sushi everyday if we could. Fish is fresh, service is good too, desserts are so much better than most standard AYCE places. All nigiri sushi is a must.Snow White roll is probably the only roll we get (half roll) since we only eat nigiri and apps.Oysters are fresh and yummy tooDynamite is actually really good tooLove love the baked mussels And a must have is their tempura or deep fried cheesecake (hubby ordered 2, he wished it was bigger) Mmmm!
1	They added a sushi/salad bar along with their all you can eat.  My family comes all the time.  The service is not bad and the food is great.  Get the oysters...Got food poisoning, lasted almost a week...
2	Kaizen has decent food but it's plagued by apathetic and snotty service. My party and I did the AYCE special because duh, obviously it's the best deal. But they impose a bunch of fascist rules which takes away the fun. Look, if you're gonna set some rules, then the food should be come out quick and don't roll your eyes or scoff if we give you a laundry list of ordersWe ordered a bunch of rolls, nigiri, salads, and some bizarre "Japanese steak". Most of the food was decent and after a while it was hard to distinguish which was which because things started to taste the same. Avoid the Japanese steak. I was expecting a nice sliced steak but instead got a dry meatloaf turd in a sizzling skillet with diced asparagus. If you order the Screaming Orgasm salad, tell them to put the dressing on the side because they drown the field greens to death. But at least they don't stuff their rolls with rice and the fish was fresh. There are far better sushi places within blocks of this place with friendlier service.
5	Best AYCE eat Sushi in Henderson area which was sorely needed. Great quality and selection. Fantastic service and really chill yet cool vibe.  Don't miss the Garlic Edamame, Clam Miso Soup, Pork Belly or Snow White Roll.
5	Awesome Sushi and great service...
5	Definitely one of the best AYCE sushi places I've been too. All the nigiri was pretty fresh and they have a good selection. They even offer toro(fatty tuna) but that's only one order per AYCE customer.Their rolls are also pretty good. They have a wide selection and they are all very well made. They also have specialty rolls such as the OMG and I love my ass roll. (Both pretty good)They also have a lot of appetizers to choose from. Definitely more than any other AYCE sushi place I've ever been to. If you go you absolutely HAVE TO TRY THE PORK BELLY. Absolutely delicious. (Also only 1 per AYCE customer)Only negative I have for this place is that they are a little slow but good food takes time and love :)
5	I gotta say One of the BEST AYCE place in henderson. 90% regular menu is included in AYCE menu plus late night AYCE special after 9 pm. First of all, i really like how there are so many appetizer to choose from. my favorite appetizer is baked mussel, tuna poke, seaweed salad, and some calamari tempura. and then when i look at sushi it's like wow.. fishes are so fresh that it is unbelievable you are in all you can eat place. I know there is a lot of 'cheaper' sushi restaurants especially in henderson because there are so many but i rather spend couple bucks more to get good quality of food than eating cheap foods.
1	Honestly, I have enjoyed this place many times in the past...but tonight had a horrible experience. The place was busy but shouldn't be an excuse for bad customer service. Also my first order was lost amd finally came the salmon was terrible...I actually spit it out on my plate. I hope this is not the new standard.
2	No thanks.  I ate it without any biological consequences but I think that was just luck, because the tuna was gross.  I eat sushi all the time and prefer anything with tuna in it, so I am very particular about the freshness and this place just doesn't cut it.  Reminded me of picking up a California roll from a convenience store cooler...edible but far better choices are available, all nearby.
3	Sushi was ok. But customer service was awesome. Went for lunch about an hour and  half before an appointment. We placed orders for our food early on but everything was slow to come to the table due to just one chef on staff that day. Our appointment time was coming closer so had to cancel the orders. The staff was understanding and gave us 1/2 off our ayce. Will come back again to give the rest of the menu a try.
4	Friends took me here for New Years Lunch.....When are we coming back?Sampled various Sushi plates ordered half orders so i can sample more.The seaweed Salad is Bomb I had to order twice......good menu to choose from from all kinds of different sushi......they even have a kids menu to choose from.
2	Let me say that this used to be one of my favorite sushi places in the valley.  I could care less that it wasn't all you could eat in the past because it was good quality and a pretty cool atmosphere.  Whenever I would go they would remember me and even my favorite rolls, the sushi chefs were super fun to talk to, and when eric was still there he would make up the most awesome presentations.  Gradually the quality of the sushi went down, and then eric disappeared, and the rolls coming out didn't even look or taste like their description or what I knew they were supposed to be.  They switched to all you can eat and several months ago (yes I took a while to write this) when we went it just was the last straw, the fish in those rolls was such bad quality I was a bit worried to eat it, almost every roll I ordered was made wrong, and the wait staff that used to be a really well oiled and cohesive unit was very disjointed.  It sucks they have gone so downhill when they used to be so awesome.  I wont be going back again.
4	Ate here with a group of friends and food was pretty good. After more people arrived at the restaurant, the service started to slow, but the staff was still really nice. I definitely recommend this place as a sushi joint.
5	Great sushi! And sashimi!
1	I think I ate a dead dog mixed with mayonnaise.If you miss mystery food from Public School days, then this is your place.
4	Very extensive menu for the all you can eat sushi deal. Soups, salads, appetizers, sashimi, sushi, specials rolls, fried rolls, ice cream, etc. The trick is to avoid getting large rolls where you're going to be having a lot of rice. You'll be done after only a few - to get your $26 bucks you've got to be strategic: Sashimi and sushi, and save the beer for later. The chefs are very friendly and the service is quick - they seem to have a lot of regulars which is a good sign - who knows, maybe i'm becoming one. Recommend trying out the lunch all you can eat (5 or so bucks cheaper) first to check the place out and go from there.I left happy both times. All in all not the best sushi i've had, but it does the trick and is well worth the money.
4	I have had fish not so fresh here before.  Overly fishy tasting and slimy. I was weary about eating here again.   Of course I was outnumbered. It is close by and open later. I went for all you can eat so I could have variety.   My favorite is the super white tuna.  They redeemed themselves!  It tasted clean and fresh.  The delicious lemony acidic sauce they serve on the regular menu.  All the raw fish I ordered was great!  My boyfriend said he didn't recognize the chef and he must be new, perhaps this change is the improvement in the quality they are serving. Our server seemed to be in a bad mood.  Must have been an off day for him.  Also we were the last guests for the evening.   He did make a great suggestion for the ribeye.  It was tasty and the veggies were cooked just right.  I wasn't able to fill my stomach.  We arrived before closing time.   Hope this quality remains consistent.  I'd like to arrive earlier next time to try everything else.
4	Sushi was fresh and yummy! Service started off fast but did end a little slow. Environment  was clean and cool. I will def return!
4	We had the AYCE Sushi here the other night and I truly enjoyed it!Typically I hate AYCE sushi as it usually results in a belly ache.The previous AYCE sushi places I have dined at have used mediocre fish quality and gigantic rice balls.  What I like about Kaizen was the fish was fresh, nice quality and that the rice was a great size for sushi.  Keep in mind that high end fish such as oh-toro you are only allowed one order and that the one order is consistent of only 1 piece.  It would be nice if that was noted on the menu.  However, that is really the worst I can say.We ordered a ton...  garlic edamame (spice but very tasty), Hamachi Sashimi with the Jalapeno's was delicious, various nigiri sushi was great, Hawaiian roll and the baked Scallop Volcano role were both very good!I currently live on the other side of town but I would totally make the drive to come back and have AYCE sushi at Kaizen!  The food here is amazing the only reason I didn't give the 5th star was due to the wait staff.  A few were nice and a few could stand to be a bit more friendly.
3	Food was good. I would give it 4 stars if Sushi chef was more hospitable. His personality killed our date night positive vibe.
5	Great reverse happy hour service is great and the sushi chef's are very talented.  Love there rolls.
2	i tried the lunch AYCE. Boy was i stuffed. I completely forgot sushi normally comes with 2 pieces so I ordered double....and yes I ate ALL OF IT.FOOD:beef tataki - not the greatest, more cooked than i would like. shrimp tempura - 2 dinky piece ---i could do without. no flavor really. it was crunchy. the dipping sauce was bland.seafood pancake - I had a small bit of this. it tasted burnt to me. Idkmiso soup - lots of flavor. I really liked this. plenty of seaweed in it alsoSoft Shell Crab appetizer - it has mustard on it. i did not like. but my friend really enjoyed it. i was supposed to have sweet potato in it. I didn't taste it though. maybe it was just the bite i got.sushi: it was decent. fish wasn't the frshSalmon  - 3 orders --- i love salmon so it hit the spotHalibut - 3 orders  ---super fishy. i was not impressedOno - 2 orders --- def love a place that has this fish. nice and buttery.Salmon Skin Hand Roll --- there was skin all the way to the bottom. A-OK! would have scarfed down more of this if i ordered less of the sushiAlbacore Sashimi - 2 piece --- the onion crisp on it was a nice touch. it was perfectly seared. yummy. i say order it!Tempura Ice Cream -- cannot go wrong with this. it hit the spot. but the tempura batter. i really dont know what it is but it was not as good as it could be. probably just used a plain tempura batter. other places i know add some sweetness to the batter. Will i come back? probably. would i suggest to go here. not really. It wasn't amazing. I definitely have had better AYCE sushi places. My friend i was with really likes this spot. I'm sure she will drag me back here.
5	One of the best AYCE sushi places in town. Wide selection of rolls and nigiri options. The selections were fresh and it's a great place if you have a large appetite.
5	I loved the food and the humble atmosphere, and it was located directly across from my room at the Hard Rock Hotel
4	This isn't too far from my office, so I come here often for the AYCE lunch. They have an excellent selection of sushi, and the food always tastes great. I've never had a problem with the fish not being fresh before. Are there better places? Sure, but not many that are AYCE.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. The all you can eat dinner is all I've ever hay and it costs about 28$. Well worth it for the variety and freshness of the seafood. My favorite is the energy roll. I like this place because it's open late, and the service is friendly.
1	I have to say by far the worse costumer service possible the food is decent but who wants to deal with the server... Hopefully they can get another one or just forget about keeping the doors open. No worth my hard earned money. Yucky!
5	Fresh sushi late at night and a cozy atmosphere. Very friendly staff.
5	This is my husband and my favorite sushi joint besides Nobu! The price is amazingly reasonable and the variety is extensive. Overall the dishes come fresh, well prepared, and worth the cost. We usually eat about $150+ worth of sushi so the "All You Can Eat" is remarkably priced for what we consume. I think it's the best reasonably priced sushi joint here in Las Vegas.
4	Go here everything I go out for all you can eat. Great prices! Customer service kind of lacks, they always seem to be short staffed and always bring the wrong rolls to my table. But food is overall good.
1	This place doesn't even deserve one star!  I guess people are clueless when it comes to what "good sushi" really is!  Ordered the spicey tuna rolls and they were absolutely disgusting!  So bitter, mushy and nastey tasting!  Definitely was not fresh at all!!!!!  We couldn't even eat them and sent them back.  Waitress was the worst server I've ever encountered!  She threatened to charge us EXTRA for the tuna rolls we sent back!  We all paid for the AYCE and it wasn't worth it!  So then we ordered a couple more different rolls hoping they would be better.  Chose not to get anything with tuna because the tuna was disgusting.  So we had some different rolls with crab.  Turns out...THEIR CRAB IS IMMITATION CRAB!!!!!  It was just as disgusting as the tuna!  Then we had to wait almost 30 minutes for our server to come back to our table to bring us our order after we sent back the tuna!  I'm telling you....do not waste your money going here!  They treat you like s**t and the food is horrific!  I seriously don't know what they were trying to serve people here.  The table directly behind us sent their food back as well and complained to the waitress for pathetic service and fake crab.  They also said they'd never be back again.  We ended up leaving and going elsewhere.  I sure would like to see what the health dept. finds when they come into this place!  It's absolutely the worst sushi and service I've ever had in my life!
3	I used to love coming here to fulfill my sushi craving but when I went recently I noticed that it went slightly downhill.The service was still excellent but the food was a bit disappointing. A lot of the appetizers I ordered were not even available. We went to eat an early dinner around 4:30pm, so how could they run out of so many things already? I wasn't really that bothered since I go for the sushi anyways, but then I hit another wall. I usually go for their delish screaming O salad but it didn't even seem like screaming O salad at all. Also, not all, but some of the nigiri did not look or taste very fresh.I'm still skeptical about going again but I might give it one more chance considering how much I loved it before.
5	The menu prices are a bit expensive individually, but as part of the AYCE deal they're absolutely fantastic. The quality of the food served was above par for the area and the range on the menu was phenomenal. There was a wide selection of rolls free of mayo and cream cheese, which I always count as a plus. There were also reasonable limitations set on certain items. I ate here for lunch and would have loved to have tried some otoro or amaebi nigiri but they were both restricted to dinner, which is fully understandable given the price difference.The highlights of the meal were the Screaming O salad, surf clam nigiri, and Crazy Girl roll (again, personally would have preferred it without cream cheese, but it was melted and soft and didn't significantly affect the taste).For dessert, the creme brulee (vanilla) and mochi ice cream (green tea) tasted a bit off, but the scoop of red bean ice cream was some of the best I've had.
5	Whether for lunch or dinner, all you can eat is the best option.All the rolls were delicious and authentic. Atmosphere is great - quiet and a little dark. Service is surprisingly fast. And they don't judge you when you order four desserts :)
5	i come here for the all you can eat. reason why i love this place is that not just for the sushi but their sides are just as good as their sushi.
4	Good late night sushi joint with tons of rolls to choose from. I'm kind of a minority meaning I'm not a huge fan of sushi so this is one of the few places I enjoy. The service is good and the staff is friendly. They now have all you can eat! My favorites are: Japanese Lasagne, avocado train and the fried rice (white boy). Come check it out!
4	Initially I was going with one star to correlate with the three 1D (which I believe means one direction though I'm not going to do any followup on my theory) videos that were played in succession after we sat down- but luckily the vibe changed and the music selection normalized.  But they seem to do triple plays for each band.The food is consistent with other 4 star all you can eat sushi spots.  Oh Christ they are playing Happy, I can't continue this review.Food is good.Big screen music needs work.
4	Kaizen Fusion Roll and Sushi is a good neighborhood sushi restaurant where you have the option to order Ala Carte or All You Can Eat.  They have a good variety of hot and cold appetizers like soft-shell crab, tako yaki, and raw oysters.  They have all the basic nigiri like salmon, ikura, hamachi, and ahi; and also creative rolls with various fillers, like California or shrimp tempura inside and different toppings like spicy ahi, unagi, and sauces on top the rolls.The All You Can Eat is a good value as the Ala Carte plates can add up quickly.  The interior is modern and pretty, and for better or worse has TVs throughout the dinning room showing sports and playing music videos.Take your time (you get 1.5 hours for the All You Can Eat), enjoy the company, and eat a lot of pretty decent sushi for an affordable price.
1	Kaizen Fusion Roll & Sushi at 10271 S. Eastern Ave. in Henderson was shut down after a routine inspection found a whopping 55 demerits on Sept. 9. Yuck!http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/09/10/snhd-shuts-down-four-restaurants-across-the-valley.php
5	I love their all you can eat. The fish is fresh and the rolls are really yummy. A favorite spot that is very consistent!
5	Saba nigiri, salmon roe, and pork belly are a few of my favs. Also did I also mention every time I come here its a different day of the week every time and the fish is always "FRESH!" Yeah I said its fresh and amazing, love this place foreverrrrrr
5	First of all the buffet is so worth it! I get a whole lot for the price of the buffet! Fatty tuna, got it! Pork belly, got it! Salmon nigiri, got it! Rib eye, got it! Monkey brains, got it!I probably ate $100 worth of premium cut, delicious fish! I was glad this was recommended! It was so delicious and nutritious!Buffet was on point! Servers were on point! The fish was definitely on point!
1	Horrible!!! Went there during the day and ordered 2 rolls. Halfway through eating I noticed the chef who prepared my food was sweating and wiping his forehead with his hand then without washing them he continued to make the food. Didn't think twice about it until later that night I ended up with the WORST food poisoning I've ever had. Sick for 2 days. Never again. Stay away.
5	The food was great. The place was clean. It was small but cute and I would definitely come back often.
2	Me and my friend wanted to eat sushi and I remembered that this spot was next to Five Guys so we figured well give it a try, wish I went to any other AYCE sushi spot, this place sucked so bad, we order 3 different rolls that said they will have soft shell crab in it and all they had was imitation crab meet in it, actually come to think of it all the rolls were pretty much California or Philadelphia rolls with a different sauce on top, don't waste your time or money here, the only reason I give this place 2 stars and really it would be 1.5 stars if I can, is they had good ice tea and ice cream.P.SWhile we were eating I decided to yelp the place ( wish I did That before we went) and found out it was on ch13 dirty dinning. Hope I don't get the explosive runs
5	I ate here one time and our group ordered about 19 rolls under the All You Can Eat.  Everything was real good and the food had a lot of flavor.  It's a nice place and I will return again.
4	Service could have been a little more friendly but over all everything was good! Did all you can eat and had way to muchBut worth it We will be back!
1	Some co-workers decided to order from this place. Well when the order was delivered to our office, the order  was missing 3 entrees. So I politely phoned the Resturant back to notify them and the 2 orders of a fried salmon roll was in the same container and I was told  that 1- order consist of only 5 pieces. Why would that be proper? Sanitary? The price for that was an over priced $9.95. The third order was corrected and no apologies or explanation for the  screw up.. I had a horrible experience and won't ever opt to order from them again. So congrats you've managed to lose a potential 85 customers. (The number of employees I've told thus far about the rip off we received )
1	I usually yelp only when I like a place but ii realized that's not why they created this thing lol my friend and I wanted to try a new sushi place, somewhere we've never been and we've been to a lot...and I'm glad we tried kaizen but I don't plan on going back :( #1 fish was not fresh #2 I felt so rushed one of the guys kept coming to our table to see if we were done so he could clear the table.  #3 felt like our waitress was inconvenienced Everytime we wanted to order or ask for a refill etc.. The one thing I will commend is one of the rolls the waitress recommended was the silver state roll. Now that would be the only reason I would go back...but if you're looking for fresh fish nigiri style Go to Sushi Koma!
5	This is currently our favorite sushi place.  They offer a large variety of specialty rolls and our kids love the teriyaki chicken.  We love the OMG and "Japanese Lasagna" rolls.Service is polite.  We usually go after the lunch crowd rush, so we cannot comment on the dining experience during peak times.
5	I had the best sushi I've had in a long time. I must add I opted for the AYCE and the server gave me excellent service. GO GET SOME!
5	The best sushi in town. Excellent food & service. I kill for their tuna poke, fresh oysters, crispy rice with spicy tuna, sashimi & salmon skin hand roll.
