3	I will go easy on them cause without knowing we went on the first day they opened this location. I should say I have been to Buca before so I know how everything should taste. First off the food took forever. Again, it was their first day so they were really on their trial run. We got spaghetti bolognese and pepperoni pizza. The pizza was fantastic. It was loaded with pepperoni just like I love. It could have been a little more done but that is my fault for not asking. The pasta tasted as it was supposed to but it was luke warm. I could have sent it back but it took so long to get it I didn't want to wait. My wife had a craving for garlic bread so we just ordered it without checking the price. It came as chunks of break with very little butter or garlic flavor. We thought "oh well" until we got the check and it was $11 for a basket. That was very disappointing. There is no garlic bread in any restaurant in the United States that is worth $11. It's bread, butter and garlic. I can make it better at home for $3-$4.All in all they have some improving to do. I wish them good luck.
3	I like buca di beppo when I've tried it in other cities. This one lacks a bit. We still enjoyed our chicken Parm, spaghetti, and cheese bread. The Alfredo was very disappointing though. Served cold at first then replaced with hotter version still no flavor. We told the buser when they asked and they said they hear that a lot, the. Why not fix it?!? Oh well is was a decent meal and I like the family style. Oh and the creme cake is great.
4	Excellent service; small portions are big enough to share; excellent Caesar salad and good chocolate chip cannolis.
2	We ate the cheese bread with alfredo sauce and the trio of baked pastas, and something didn't agree with either of us.  We basically wasted one of our Vegas nights (my aunt's birthday celebration to boot) because we were feeling so crappy after eating at Buca di Beppo in Excalibur.  One extra star for decent service at the bar.
5	Great food even for vegetarians, towards closing during happy hour in the bar service by Eddie was excellent.He remembered everything even our to go order.
5	I love this resturant! Family style servings and food is the best! The lasaunga is my FAV!
5	I took my mom to this Italian place after we checked in at the Excalibur hotel. We ordered a Caesar salads and an Small Round Square pizza, don't remember the name of it. I had an Italian soda. The waiter was great, the food was great. I am a fan, awesome place.
3	We went to Buca on a Monday night, it's a favorite restaurant for both of us. I have never had worse service anywhere. Our waiter got a bigger table and pretty much ignored us. He never brought us bread, he didn't even bring out our food. When the food did come out, the waiter almost dropped both of them until another waitress helped him and then slammed the plate down on top of my phone and wallet, with no apology, and walked away. We still hadn't gotten the refill and water we asked for at this point. Our original waiter decided to make an appearance and my boyfriend asked him to finally bring us our bread that we should have gotten 45 minutes earlier. We asked for the check and he forgot to apply the $10 discount for the coupon I had given him. Then when he came back to box up our leftovers, he dropped the entire plate on the table, shattering my wine glass and pasta flew all over the place. He was very apologetic, and then brought out our check again. After horrible service and shattering a wine glass and having pasta spill all over, he didn't even comp us the $2 side of Alfredo sauce my boyfriend asked for. Absolutely ridiculous.UPDATE:After reading this review, I was contacted by the manager and received THE BEST customer service ever. Craig was extremely apologetic and just an overall sweetheart. He offered to send us something in the mail for our next visit to Buca and we accepted. The next time we're in Vegas, we will be giving this Buca another shot, just because of how awesome Craig was. Thank you Craig for your great customer service!!
5	Go here with at least 4 people, as everything is served family style in huge bowls that you share. You can get a "small" or "large" of basically any dish, and they SAY the small is enough for 2, but you could get 4 light meals from one small dish pretty easily. We had a rehearsal dinner here before my friend's wedding and there were about 14 of us, which they didn't seem to have a problem with at all. The waiter was fun and cheery the whole night, never once complained, and I only had to ask twice for extra lemons for my iced tea and water (the iced tea doesn't come with lemon by default, so make sure to ask if you like it with lemon). We tried some limoncello at the end of the meal and it was the perfect end to a most delicious dinner!
3	For some reason, lunch this afternoon felt like quite a rush - or more like, service felt like it was rushed and that isn't exactly a compliment. I'm usually a big fan of Buca Di Beppo - foodwise, count me in - but when the overall dining experience isn't up to par with what is expected, I am forced to lower down the rating a notch. My parents and I came here a late Mother's Day lunch and ordered a small chicken carbonara, small calamari as well as the garlic pepper broccoli. Our waiter had great sales talk about items on the menu, however, at some point, he started to feel a little pushy. When we weren't even done with our dishes, he came up and asked if we wanted a box for our carbonara of if we wanted it taken away already, when there were still some calamari left on the plate, he took it away without asking...and my parents and I were left staring at each other in uncomfortable silence as he walked away. Other than that, the food was awesome. Carbonara filled us up to the brim, we didn't have room for dessert although that tiramisu sample our waiter showed us looked prettttyyyyy tasty. I also highly appreciate the photo service with complimentary postcards per table - with optional bigger photos for about $5 if I remember well. Music was really chill and the atmosphere didn't feel as intimate as the Paradise branch. So that's a 3/5, nothing more, nothing less.
4	Enjoyed the chicken pasta with artichokes and the pasta with shrimp was delicious. Casual and dark, in Excalibur, moderate piece- huge quantity - great prices.
2	I love the food at this chain.  They have HUGE portions here, which is great.  Heres why the bad rating.  ServiceWe were greeted several minutes after sitting down and the server seemed to not really care a whole lot about doing his job.  After getting drinks, he asked about an appetizer, which we ordered.  About 10 minutes later we placed the order for the food and waiting another 15 minutes before asking what happened to the appetizer.  "Whoops, I goofed" was the response we got about why we had not gotten this yet, since he never rang it in.  He said he would do that right away, which we cancelled since the food should be there shortly.  Found out, he forgot to put the order in for that too, so after 40 min from ordering the appetizer, we got the food.The server was hardly seen the rest of the night.
2	I went Memorial Day Weekend.Service was good and bad.  It was good because it was our first time at BdB, and we did not know about serving sizes.  We opted for 1 small appetizer and 3 small main courses for 5 people.  Our waiter said that would be a lot of food, and he only recommends 2 small main courses.  So we trusted him and he was definitely right.Service was bad because, our food took 45 minutes to come out.  The people who had came at the same time as us ordered right away and got their food quite fast.  When they had finished their meal we were still waiting for our food.Food was good and bad as well.  The food was good because the sauces were delicious.  The pasta seemed undercook and still a bit hard.Maybe service and food was bad because of the Memorial Day Weekend, so not quite sure.
1	Worst experience ever, ask for the house bread, they didn't have any "sold out", drinks took forever, Food had no flavors and is extremely expensive ,I have to go to Mc Donald's to get my own ranch,then they bring the plates so we can start having our appetizer, and got a dirty plate, when I ask the bus boy working on the table next to my table, for a clean plate he even made jokes to the fact we got a dirty plate??  I would never go again and  I know now if i ever have the craving for pasta again, just call any  other "carry out pizza" and get the chicken  Alfredo Im sure any other place can make better pasta than this place
5	They are located inside the Excalibur.  We stopped in for lunch and WOW it was THE BEST Italian food I have ever eaten! We ordered the thin crust pizza with everything and it was outta this world good.  They brought us warm bread while we were waiting for the food to arrive, which was also good and we both walked away stuffed.  It was a little pricey but worth it in my opinion. My only regret was not being able to go back and try some other dishes before we left but will be going back to Vegas in a couple of months and cant wait to eat here again.
1	The food here is horrific. The shrimp pasta had the same shrimp as the ones you will find in your cup of noodles. I've ate at Buca di Beppo before and hadn't gone back cause it sucked and well, they haven't gotten any better. Save your money and just eat out of the snack machine, it's very comparable. Chef Boyardi is rolling over in his grave, it ain't right, leave that man alone!!!
4	I was so starving when I got here.  Had antipasto salad and spicy chicken rigatoni. Wow. When I ordered the guy said that's a lot of food for one person!  I said you'd shut up if ya knew what's good fee ya!  And bring me more bread!  Haha after 2 days of nothing but beer...
4	This place had happy hour specials all day long while we stayed at the Luxor. $3 beers and $5 mixed drinks at the bar.
4	I actually like this Buca better than the one in Summerlin. It's all open space which gives it that family style feel. Of course the portions are served family style which feeds 3 or more people (so order accordingly! It's very easy to over order!). Our group ordered the stuffed chicken and the fettuccine supremo. This way more than enough for light eaters in a group of four. The stuffed chicken is AMAZING which I would suggest to any person who decides to come here. It has a great crunchy outer breading and inside the chicken is super tender and full of flavor in addition to the ham and the creamed filling. Super delish! The fettuccine supremo was also good. What you would expect of a typical pasta. The sauce was thick and creamy and filled with helpings of bell peppers and sausage.They also offer happy hour which is $2 domestic, $3 imports, $5 glass of wine and specialty drinks at the bar only. Their house wine is ok. They offer a sample tasting of it, but honestly, it's a little boring and dry to me. I opted for their moscato instead which was light and sweet. Service was also ok. Our server was attentive as he could be in a busy restaurant, but he did satisfy all of our needs.
2	For the price and portion.. I was expecting better.Yes, it's family style.. They went on and on about it, the portion was decent, but I wouldn't say it was that big. I've seen a fair amount of places with portions that big for less than that price. Granted I'm from Wisconsin and I went there on an empty stomach, I was going all out. So yeah, Buca calls it family style, I call it one hungry Wisconsinite portion with 1/3 to take home. Anyway, noodles are quite inexpensive so the dish better taste pretty damn good to be worth the price, and to me.. It was lacking. That extra money is basically going to the atmosphere and experience. ( which my friend said that the Buca on Flamingo is much cozier)My friend and I ordered 2 appetizers ( with a coupon through Buca's website) We had the antipasto salad, and  mozzarella garlic bread. I enjoyed the salad, and the bread was decent, but it took at least 20-25 minutes for it to come out. The waiter wasn't the greatest either, and he looked busy, but I really felt like we were put on the back burner compared to his other tables. People that were seated after us were receiving their appetizers before we did, one family even had their pizza come out while we STIll waited for our appetizers! I ordered the ravioli al pomodoro, and trust me, it wasn't worth 25 dollars. To me it tasted quite basic, and the sauce tasted like it came out of a Ragu jar. I have to say that my friend enjoyed the sauce, but it looked watered down and tasted pretty basic.My friend ordered the penne arrabbiata, that was okay, I liked it more than what I ordered, but still nothing to write home about.When the bill came out, the waiter had forgotten that we had mentioned earlier that we had a coupon, we had showed it to him earlier but he needed to see it again for the code, but because it was through my friends phone, it only allowed him to open it once and it couldn't be used again. Our waiter said, "sorry" but there was nothing he could do. I think he really didn't care, and was sick of dealing with us, he wanted us out of there ASAP. He had mentioned earlier that today was his last night before his vacation so... Hmm. I understand that the coupon issue wasn't the waiters fault, but I've worked at restaurants before where you try your best to please the customer, he made no attempt to offer up the manager or try to help. It wasn't like we were lying since we showed the coupon to him earlier.I know it's a chain, and I really noticed it in the food, perhaps I'm picky, but I prefer a smaller, non-chain, authentic Italian restaurant, where you might get a slightly smaller portion size, but the food is cooked with thought and doesn't taste like it came out of a bag, jar, or can.Needless to say.. Not going back there again.
4	I had dinner the day before because its near to me I love to go to Bucca. If you wanna have a family time with real italian food its a great place. The one i go to a the excalibur is a busy joint so don't expect quite ambiance. Most of the food are flavored in garlic, I am not huge fun but like it.
5	We had great food and great service here. The Dolce platter is a combination of 4 incredible desserts. The portions here are extremely large! We also had the supreme pizza. They have happy hour all day long with very reasonable drink prices at the bar.
4	Happy Hour ALL DAY long... WTF? done.we were staying next door and our friends were staying in Excalibur. happened to peruse the menu for food and noticed the $2, $3 and $5 Happy Hour. awesome. look, it may be BdB and commercial "italian", but, who cares. HAPPY HOUR!!! $2 domestic beer, $3 imports and $5 wells and wines. Bam. done. DONE!it's difficult to get cheap drinks inside a Hotel/Casino located ON the Strip, unless of course you're gambling. so when i come across a spot that has one, i'm all about it. the HH is bar only, but, there is plenty of room in there at the bar, as well as the seats around. no HH food, and what was available was kinda expensive, which is my knock. the mozzerella "sticks" that we ordered were premade and frozen, prior to being fried. oh well. at least i got $2 Blue Moons.
3	Came here for a company dinner and let me tell you to come here HUNGRY because you get tons of food. We had a 5 course family meal and it was ok. The service was good and the food was good compared to the prices. In other words it was cheap so the food tasted cheap but I was so hungry I really didn't care!They also have happy hour all day which is nice!!
3	Warm decor and friendly service!Our waiter was not kidding when he said the portions were big! There were four grown adults in our party and we could not finish the fettuccine pasta and pepperoni pizza we ordered.Only gripe was that the pizza was extremely oily.
1	Shocked by the level of service on our visit.We ordered to start Caesar Salad and arrived with some bread after we asked for bread.  We then ordered the Chicken Limone with the capers on the side as one person in our party is allergic to them and another one is just opposed to the taste.  The Chicken Limone arrived with the capers on top and spread throughout the dish.  I informed Andrea that we ordered it with the capers on the side; she apologized for this and brought the dish back to the kitchen.  The next actions which occurred had me completely shocked as well as puzzled because Buca di Beppo is such a fine establishment with a completely amazing reputation for the high quality of food and service you provide.  Watching the kitchen, the expeditor grabbed a pair of tongs, took a piece of chicken dumped off the capers and put on a new plate which is when I got up to look closer and saw him do this with the rest of the chicken.  A server then went to bring this back to our table; which is when a manager asked me if there was a problem.  I informed him of the actions I had just witnessed and he said first that would not have happened which I told him I saw this action with my own eyes and then he asked the expeditor whom confirmed the actions.  A new dish was brought to our table maybe 15 minutes later if not more - where our children had already finished their food.  Scared to think this is a company norm.
2	The ambiance was nice but the food was pretty pricey for what they gave you. Food was okay, not great. Food took a while to get to us as well. It's okay if you're staying at the Excalibur but there are better Italian restaurants.
2	My wife and I ate here the night we arrived in Vegas.  We were staying at the Excalibur so were looking for someplace close.  We didn't really have a good experience here.  The service was friendly.  No complaints there.  The free bread was okay.  Nothing special and really not much flavor.  The olive oil also seemed very bland and cheap.  This place is family style.  Each menu item has two choices for portion sizes - one that is to be shared by 2 people and another by like 4 or something.  The salad was definitely enough for 2+ people.  We got the Caeser salad.  It was really good.  For the meal, we settled on the Baked Ziti.  It was probably one of the worst baked zitis that I've had.  Very dry and bland.  Hardly any sauce or cheese.  Devoid of flavor.  Also, the portion was really good for 1 person.  My wife and I both agree on this.  Afterwards, we were both still hungry.  So, for the price, I don't think it was good.  For that price for Baked Ziti, I was expecting a large amount of pasta.  I've been served bigger portion sizes in the $10 range and this was like $20+ or something.  Maybe they were just having a bad night, but I wouldn't be in a rush to go back here again.  That's just me.
4	This is a family style type of place so don't be alarmed by the relatively high prices for each dish! The small is enough for about 2 people and the large is good enough for maybe 3-4 people. I tried the penne basilica, lasagna, caesar salad, and garlic bread. I would recommend getting everything, but the penne basilica because they gave way more pasta than chicken or broccoli (there was only 2-3 pieces). The garlic bread is worth getting because they put a generous amount of garlic on their bread and you get a whole basket! The downside is that it does not come with your meal and you have to pay $9.99. The atmosphere is pretty lively and they play lots of oldy kinda music. This place is really affordable and is really filling!
3	This review is for the Buca in Excalibur casino, I had an early dinner here on a Saturday evening and sat in the bar area off the side of the main restaurant.Please be aware that the entrees are served family style, I can eat a lot, when I ordered for me and my companion the 'small' size entree's were PLENTY of food to eat.We tried the 'Small' size calamari for the appetizer, it was very good and perfectly crunchy, for our main entree we had the 'Small' size chicken carbonara.  The food was very good and flavorful, for two of us we didn't finish it and had to take our leftovers with us.The drinks were good, we had a glass of wine and draft beer with the meal, they do have Happy hour specials here as well.The only complaint I had was with the 'Small' size of garlic bread we had on the side, the bread was too hard and not very buttery and could barely taste the garlic.  The portion size for the 'small' was huge though, so if you do order the garlic bread, the 'small' size is 16 mid size pieces which was over the top in my opinion for two people.Overall, the food was good, nice ambiance, and our server was very helpful.  My recommendation for dinner for two, 1 small appetizer and entree should do the trick.  I will definitely try this place again.
2	Really dissapointed after the great food in San Diego. They only have the big family style meals here but the lasagna was dry and not very tasty. The spaghetti with meatballs was boring and bland. Chicken parm was still good but hard to screw up that. The service was pretty ordinary too. Wont be back
4	Came to this Buca for dinner; food is the same in all Buca's, I love their olive oil and the balsamic vinager with the bread basket they serve. As with all Buca's their meals are meant to be shared even the small portions, so that's nice. Their spaghetti and meat balls are not my favorite but I was told by others in my group that for them it was, so I guess it a taste thing. Their salads are good and crispy not soggy and bland like in other restaurants. Had their Prosciutto Stuffed Chicken... delicious, the sauce was on point and the chicken tender and juicy, and the prosciutto (bacon) was crispy but not hard. Also tried the Chicken Saltimbocca... the sauce was different with a tangy kick from the lemon and matched the way the chicken was cooked but it was not my favorite, a little to tangy and lemony for my taste. Their drinks are reasonably priced and they have a good selection of wine. Our waiter was nice and attentive, he definitely earned his tip. Lost one star because you could smell the smoke from the casino and that may have been why I didn't enjoy the food like at a regular Buca.
3	We're in Vegas.... I have NO idea why we ate here instead of the hundreds of other amazing restaurants on the strip.It wasn't bad, but I would def recommend going to someplace you can only eat in Vegas!! It's the same price anyhow..
3	Great, inexpensive after midnight deals on a Saturday night.  Service and ambiance was good. The drinks and pizza were fine but for their normal hours prices I'm not sure it would be worth a return trip.
4	To my surprise I saw a sign that said Happy Hour all Day that imports beers $3 and Drinks $5 of course we came into the bar area and sat down.  Order a pizza half cheese and half pepperoni and it was yummy. Service wasn't bad either.  A definite come back on my list of places to eat & drink in Vegas.
3	Liked the pizza. Hot. Crispy. Great fried mozzarella. Attentive bartender. Waitress checked on us only once. She wouldn't  come back to take additional drink orders.  The place wasn't that busy at the time. Looks like others had the same problem with the service.
3	The food here is alright. It wasn't amazing and I probably could have just dined at the Olive Garden and been just as content. Our server definitely hated her job but once I got to talking to her she lightened up a bit. We didn't feel entirely cared about as guests in the restaurant but I'm not complaining too much. It wasn't bad it just wasn't great.It's decorated really cool, there's a lot to look at and I think it would be great for large parties especially with kids.But the garlic bread made me want to give this place five stars.
1	I was with a prom group of 48 who came here for the "prom package". This was a three course meal that we prepaid for and everything. The food wasn't revolting or anything. But the day after, about 25 of us got sick. Vomiting, stomach aches, migraines, fatigue you name it. We called the restaurant and they merely said "we'll look into it" and never called us back as they promised. The school nurses got involved, which brought the health district involved. They realized we have contracted norovirus. How can they take this so lightly?! I'm surprised they haven't called back many of the students who called them to report the food poisoning, begging them to take a free gift card or something. For crying out loud they took our names and numbers and said specifically they will call back the next day. http://www.fox5vegas.com/story/22286174/health-district-students-contracted-norovirus-after-visiting-restaurant
3	Happy hour all day sounds great, but its for specific cocktails and beer as most places. The food is great and the portions are quite generous as it is served family style. Make sure you go during dinner hours so you'll feel you've gotten your money's worth. We dined in the bar area twice and both times the service was horrible. I'm not sure if it was the set up or if our servers just lacked experience, but I asked myself several times if anyone was even working that day. Overall, it wouldn't be the worst experience ever if you aren't focused on service.
4	Ate dinner here with my friends on 6/15 - The one in the Excalibur Hotel.Even though when we arrived they said the wait would be 15 mins it was more like 30 minutes. We got a table that was too large for just 4 girls it was more for 8-9 people. And not sure why the wait was so long when there were so many tables available. But besides that we had the nicest waiter, for the life of me I can't remember his name, but he was so patient and helped us decide on what to order. The portions are huge, so if you get a small you can share it between 2-3 people. I ordered a glass of Maschio Prosecco and the Penne San Remo and shared the Penne San Remo between 3 people and still had some left over to take back to my room for later. Both were great!For dessert we got the Colossal Brownie Sundae. Between the 4 of us, we couldn't even make a dent in this thing, it was huge! If we had maybe 8 people we would of finished it but there was just too much! As the little girl from 'Bedtime Stories' said we all got "chocolate wasted"! We had our picture taken and got copies to remember! And also our waiter was helpful enough to take a group pic with one of our phones. It was a good experience.Out of all the places to eat at in Vegas, I would only recommend this place if you're staying at the Excalibur. It was so convenient to just go upstairs for dinner after our long drive to get to Vegas that day. But we tried other places the following days we stayed there.
3	We stopped in here with my in-laws. The food was very good but the prices were a bit high and everything is pretty much ala carte. No bread on the table or the like.The espresso we had was good as was the pizza. My in-laws seemed to enjoy their meals as well. I've also been to the location in Albany which I've liked. It's not authentic but it's a good choice for quick Italian.
2	Food was good. However the service could be better. Our server was pushy, and made us bus our own table before bringing out our entrees. Seriously aren't you suppose clear the table yourself?
2	Bread sticks was awesome. The place was very loud and waitress was rude
2	Came in for a take out order. I was pretty much ignored for a while while the bartender chatted with two girls who were sitting at the bar. Someone else eventually took my order, and it was brought in a timely manner. When I was handed my to go bag, I asked if there was a fork in the bag. She said yes. Imagine my anger when I got all the way across the casino and up a billion floors to my room and discovered I was given no fork or napkins. I had to go all the way back to the casino to grab a fork from another restaurant. Definitely regretting leaving a tip!UPDATE 8/8/13- I was contacted by management who more than made amends for my inconvenience. Super impressed with how much they care about their guests!
4	I've always been a Buca Di Beppo fan and our visit in Las Vegas hasn't changed my mind in the least.  We ate here for dinner AFTER ( they're open to midnight)  the Tournament of Kings.  They never fail to impress. We might have been the only ones there that it's more expensive at home than Vegas.  We managed to feed an entire family for about $100, yes 9 of us ( do 3 yr olds count?).It's located on the third level of the Excalibur hotel which made it really convenient.  The service was fantastic !  Unlike most Bucas, this restaurant featured an open concept making it much brighter than usual.LOVE the bread
3	This one started out on the right foot--the Manager recognized my alma mater, the waitress was friendly and smiled a lot, the atmosphere was cool, intimate and typical Italian music.  The chicken parm was excellent and food was served quickly.  Typical franchise-type restaurant...nothing too fancy. Overall a good eat for the price.
5	I have dreams about their chicken carbonara. It's the dish I could eat everyday of my life. They'd have to knock out my walls and carry me on a flatbed truck to get me anywhere, but its fantastic. They don't use bacon, which really makes the difference. Their chicken limon is fantastic, so is the caprese salad. Fantastic mozzarella. Their bread is always a little hard and stale. Plus, it's family size amounts unless you get a lunch special. Most importantly, sign up for their mailing list and like them on Facebook. You get great coupons.
3	Another late night Vegas dinner, we made reservations for 9:30pm, showed up on time and still had to wait for a table.  Big pet peeve of mine.Our server was fairly snappy about their portion sizes when we both ordered separate entrees.  She over-emphasized it was for sharing.  Yes... we know.. you said it multiple times.   Our plan was to eat some of our entree and have it as lunch and leftovers during our road trip.The portions were ginormous, and we were warned, we planned for 2 day lunch leftovers but it was good for 3 days.I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, it was delicious.  Giant meatballs made properly Italian (half pork/half beef).   Despite the small annoyances, I enjoyed the food.
1	We had a party of 10.  We ordered appetizers and drinks first thing.  It took an hour.  We ordered food didn't get what we wanted.  They ran out of Lasanga. Basically the service was so bad that the manager had to come over.  When the food finally came out I had to get up and get plates.  Awful, awful.  Again the manager came over and said that our meal was free including our alcohol drinks.  You know it's bad when a party of 10 had free food and alcohol. It just took 3 hours.  It was so annoying watching people being seated after us, then eat and then leave before we got our drink, our appetizers and main course.
3	I love the decor of this place. It's walls are filled with Italian themed pictures. As for the food, the spaghetti is good and one serving is enough for 2 persons or maybe even for 3 servings. I also tried the pepperoni pizza and it was awful! Super greasy and the crust was too crunchy borderline hard. The service was not bad, our server was attentive and friendly. Would return but would not eat pizza at this place again.
1	This location does not match my previous experience on quality. Meatballs were full of filler. Tomato sauce was bland. Buca's is a place I use to rave about, Italian like Mom makes, but no more and not in las Vegas. Very disappointed.
3	Being in food service I would say they could cater a little more to the couples out there. Good is served family style so you have to agree on an item. Food was ok, but it took a long time for them to get it to the table. This place was not very busy at the time. I think it would've been a lot better if we had been with a group if six or more.
5	Wonderful Service. I had a Luxor $25 credit voucher I used, a $10 off coupon & also a FREE birthday brownie. The guys at Buca let me use ALL deals, which lead me to a GREAT bill. Happy Birthday to me! hehe! Food was amazing as usual, since I love Buca in general. Also, our watier was a cool guy. This location has a cute setting. Also, it doesn't get too crowded. I guess I'm just so used to having Buca so crowded at the SF location,  also the most busiest & closest Buca to me.I  would def recommend the Vegas location to go to. :)
3	Buca di Beppo has always been a favorite! Although this Buca di Beppo branch does not offer the same homey feel as the ones in San Diego, the Buca in Las Vegas was enjoyable as well. After a very long drive from San Diego, our big family decided to stop by Buca for a family style dinner. Their dishes are definitely meant to be shared so it is best to come here when you have a bunch of people tagging along with you. For their antipasti, the mozzarella garlic bread and fried calamari is a must! Make sure you ask for extra marinara sauce because you would want to dip your calamari in that tomato goodness. For the insalate, you will never go wrong with the Caesar salad. That bowl of greens is very refreshing! For pizza, order the spicy arrabbiata although I think it is a bit weak for my liking. If you name something "spicy-whatever" make sure that it is spicy enough. The large linguine fruitti di mare made up for the not-so-stellar spicy arrabiatta. Always a favorite, their fruitti di mare is a must for seafood lovers.I would have given this restaurant a 4 but gave them a 3 instead because of the spicy arrabbiata. And even though the fruitti di mare was very good, at least 6 of the mussels were closed. I think that was poor preparation. Such a shame...
5	Amazing pizza!Really good minestrone soup!Sat at the bar and had a complimentary post card of us.Really happy to find this place
3	Am I doing another 5K? Why am I carbo loading? -- questions that were running through my head as I had more bites. We ordered fettuccine supreme, baked ziti, pepperoni pizza, and cheesy garlic bread. Also ordered Sassy Strawberry Italian soda.So glad we only ordered the small size. Between the 5 of us, there were still plenty of left overs. About half a plate for both fettuccine and baked ziti. But maybe it's because we weren't really impressed with the food. Really liked the soda though, in all it's strawberry goodness!Service was on the slow side. We had reservations for 4:00 and arrived on time but still had to wait 10-15mins to get seated. Another few minutes for our server to get our order. The entrees didn't come til 20 minutes or so later and yes, I was timing it 'cause I thought my sister was on some kind of schedule. Also this location is pricier than other Bucas so don't be shy to use those coupons that they lured you in with
2	The food was on point with any other Buca di Beppo location.  Not overly sauced pasta, hefty hefty portion.  And the chicken in the chicken Alfredo was cooked to near perfection.  $45 for a heaping bowl that can feed a family of 6 easily is a pretty decent deal when in Vegas.  The di Beppo 1893 salad however for $25 is a rip off.why 2 stars for good food then?  The service was bad.  We were quickly seated but it took the waiter well over 15 minutes to greet us.  Quick and friendly was his greeting when he finally did arrive.  But once the food was dropped off by the food runner we didn't see him again during the meal, having to ask for refills from other servers.  The guy that came to refill our waters, I asked him if I can place an order of bread with him but he said he'll get the waiter.  Who never came.  When we finished our meal the waiter shows up with the check (never asking who our meal was).  We asked for boxes and that took an additional 15 minutes to bring out even though there was only two other tables in his section.  Instead of getting us boxes and closing out our tab he was cleaning other tables and doing side work.  Good food.  Not so good service.
5	Looking for a great restaurant on the strip that won't destroy your budget?  This is the place, with their HUGE family style portion sizes you can easily feed 4-6 on a single item.  We ordered the supreme Alfredo and the bowl measured 12" x 6" deep and was completely full with great tasting pasta.  It's easy to find and located inside Excalibur Casino.  Our server was attentive and very friendly, and in addition we were checked on by two managers.  The appetizer was super quick and the main course was brought out as soon as we finished.  The atmosphere is made up of several different Italian themed rooms with pictures covering every inch of the walls.  The only minuses to this location is the lack of a table in the kitchen -if you haven't sat at this "special" table in other locations do it!- and the bathrooms are out in the casino.  As for the pricing, well it's on the strip but still within $5, per item, of their off strip location here in Vegas. Last, I HIGHLY recommend making reservations as the stand by wait was 90 minutes...OUCH!
3	Mediocre food. Okay service.The best thing here was the cheesy garlic bread they served us from the beginning. The main dishes were not good at all, looked and tasted like throw up. And why was it so fucking dim, could hardly see my date's face. They had someone taking pics and selling to us... which was alright. My date was ecstatic because I don't usually allow others to take pics, camera shy and they usually take too fucking long.Pffft. Olive Garden is better. Sad to say.
3	Richard Pro here with another review.Ordered the lasagna and veal marsala. Don't be misled by the portion sizes. They claim a small can feed 2 people...well it doesn't even come close. I probably could have eaten two of their small lasagnas by myself. As for the small veal marsala, it comes on one normal sized plate with mushrooms and sauce smothered on top. Without any noodles, I can't even imagine how they would expect this dish to serve two people. The bread is quite fresh and tasty. My lasagna was slightly overcooked. I like my noodles to be slightly firm with some bite to it, like any good pasta. Instead my lasagna noodles were flabby and dissolved in my mouth. However, like I said, it was only slightly overcooked.2.5 stars. Would rate higher for bigger portions because the price is exorbitant for what you get.
4	I am only deducting a star because there were heaps of empty tables and not enough staff so we had to wait half an hour. The food was spectacular this time and totally 5 star. Pizza was just perfect and our waiter was lovely. The chicken parmigiana was divine like last time and the cheesecake and mudcake were perfect. Great red wine recomendation. Seriously glad we gave it another shot. Very very worth it
5	Awesome food!!! We came here to eat on Christmas Eve and they were not busy yet. We ordered the Chicken Marsala , Penne pasta and chesse bread and brought food home and gave us two and a half meals !!The staff was ok. Our waitress was slow in bringing us refills on our drinks and our check when we wanted to go. But the delicious food made up for that. This location is inside Excaliber upstairs. You can make reservations online too.We will be back. I believe they open at 10:30 and close late 7 days a week and all Holidays.
3	My boyfriend and I came for dinner around 10:30 on a Tuesday.. Not many people in the restaurant. We got our drinks quickly and food followed in a decent time frame. We just ordered a few appetizers: fried mozzarella, mini meatballs, and garlic bread. We both love fried mozzarella, it's our favorite fatty food.. And they unfortunately have no ranch here! That's what makes them so good so they were bland.. Had to use Caesar :( Other than that the restaurant was just meteorite. Waiter, Ian, was friendly and quick to bring things out and help us.
4	Great location and had take out for the Superbowl with a short 15 minute walk to the Aria----great party platters and over fed 8 people with left overs....great Vegas option with groups
3	Solid 3.5 stars. We would come back again. Staff was very attentive. Liquor cheap at the bar - Happy Hour all day!  The food was consistently fine as you would expect at a chain restaurant. Portions are huge! For Vegas a great value.
2	I thought the service was crappy, the food was ok at best, the prices are definitely on the high side. It only took an hour to get our food and another 30 minutes to get more water. Vegas is hot, I need a constant flow of water at a restaurant!
2	We were very hungry after our off-roading adventure ( Las Vegas Rock Crawlers) and we got dropped off at the Excalibur, so we decided to eat inside. We got seated immediately since there were only 2 other filled tables. Then we waited. The good: tasty garlic breadThe okay: Chicken Limone - my son said it was "good"The bad: 45 min wait time for food in a practically empty restaurant, garlic bread served with entrees even though I requested it as an app, penne rosa was bland and gummy, chicken parm was bland and underwhelming.We would not return.
4	I've had Bucca Di Peppo as catering before, it was just OK. We decided on Italian and since Bucca Di Peppo was in the hotel we were staying at, there was a 30 minute wait (Saturday night)  So we walked over to one of the gift shops and bought a few things for the kids while we waited. Once seated our orders were taken quickly, my drink was delivered quickly and the waiter explained how big the portions were and took the time to give recommendations for us.I am blown away. Yes it was busy,  but our server was SUPER attentive, he came by 7 times, checking on my drink, if the food was good, but not in a rushing or pushy way, he was just passing by and would check on us.The food was fantastic! We had meatballs (the pasta was the only thing lacking, it was WAY over cooked, and watery in the bottom of the bowl) But the meatballs were AMAZING and then we also got chicken stuffed with cheese and prosciutto, we got potatoes as a side. I'm so glad that we tried this place. I got lemon basil vojitos and which were PERFECT!There was a lot of food, and we couldn't finish the left over which we didn't take because we were in a hotel but it was worth it. Since we have one here in the area we live in, I think we will take the kids next time, its SO worth it to go sit down and enjoy it all fresh.
4	Came here with a group of about 15 friends. They put us in the Pope Room, so we had the pope in the middle of the table to entertain us. We were pretty loud (mostly me), but our waiter was super awesome in working with us and recommending stuff. He was super nice and took great care of us. Service was a little slow, which is understandable with a group of our size. Here's what I shared with three other people:Artichoke Florentine Dip- super yummy with crunchy little bread slices, plenty for 4Baked Ziti (Large)- loved the ricotta, PLENTY for 4, enough for 5 regular people without monster-appetites Turns out to be pretty affordable if you come in a group and you don't mind all eating the same thing.I also had a few drinks, so don't judge me. Be happy I can offer so much review! Also, the drink menu isn't online (except for the wine, which doesn't help me), so the names are what I can remember, which isn't correlated with the fact that I had about 4 drinks...Cheap Red (just ask for their cheap red), 9 oz.- good about for 2-3 people to shareBlended (something) Margarita- pretty deliciousRed Sangria- sweet and yummy! Comes with an orange slice and cherryOverall, great for groups, or a first date. :]
5	Excellent food brought the family and it was great even with a picky eater! It's family style service and the portions were just right. I think the biggest thing was the quality of food for the price. Walked out spending $75 for a great family dinner on the strip! The wait was only 15 minutes so wasn't too bad. All in all it was a great experience!
1	We came here for lunch with a group of 10 ladies. I called and asked them how long the wait would be for a party of 10. They told me that they did not take reservations, but if we got there within 10 minutes they could seat us right away. We walked over 5 minutes later, and the hostess told us that it would be a 30 minute wait. Huh?We ended up getting seated in the bar, we had to move the tables around because no one offered to help us. Our waitress came over within a few moments to take drink orders. We did not get our drinks until 20 minutes later. The waitress was rude and catty, and we all told her how we had not been there before. She failed to mention to us that it was "family serving" and so we all ended up ordering our own dish which was wayyyy too much food. You think she would have told us?She had a miserable look on her face the entire time, and then at the end told us that she would not take our coupon because we were sitting in the bar. We got the manager involved, and they ended up honoring our coupon.The food and drinks were good, very tasty. But the service was HORRIBLE and I cannot believe we paid almost $40 per person to be disrespected by the miserable waitress.I would not recommend ANYONE coming to this location!
5	I've been to this restaurant at four different locations and every time I go, I walk or should I say, crawl out with a full belly and a smile from ear to ear! - Everything you order here will be great and everything you drink will be as equally appealing! - We have yet to have enough room for dessert, but this last time our neighbor table ordered some form of dessert bowl and it had to have been around a foot in diameter! LOL - You cannot go wrong with Buca, but make sure you've got a full wallet because you definitely get what you pay for!!
1	Currently I am sitting here and waiting for my food for almost 1 hour... it's only me and my wife...and placed only two simple orders... horrible service. .. can't believe it takes more than hour to serve us food...
1	Okay let me get started I've gone to this restaurant twice first time not bad of an experience. Second time we'll it was just horrible we were seated at a table when we had asked for a booth. When we had questioned the waiter he went to the kitchen to ask his Co worker is he'd take us in his section where the booths were. We were hearing them argue that one didn't want to take care of us and neither did the other!  At this point we're were frustrated and starving so we waited until the waiter came back to tell us he will be helping is even tho its not his section.Once we received our food all of our pastas were extremely hot on the outside and the top layer but once you dig right in it was all cold! Unbelievably we stayed and ate what was hot and left . I would not recommend this location. Wish I remember the waiters name! Horrible service and food!!
1	The service here was awful. We had a total of 4 people in our party and were treated horribly. I would honestly rather eat at one of the fast food places in out hotel before we come back. Our server didn't clear our plates once, took 15 mins to cash out one bill with cash, we were not given any refills of beverages, nor thanked once when we left. Also, we went to the bar for drinks before our dinner and when we asked the happy hour specials, we were thrown a menu at us and told "these are it." At least at Dicks last resort they have an excuse to be rude.... Def last time coming here.
4	Not sure why other Yelpers are complaining about service, but we had no issues and no waiting (maybe because we had a 9:45 reservation on a Thursday night). My friends and I agreed on the dishes we were gonna share beforehand and ordered the second we sat down, also letting the waiter know that we'd appreciate the check ASAP as we have tickets for the 11pm show next door ;-pWe ordered the my standard spaghetti frutti di mare which was delicious and seafood-filled as always, and a salad. After paying our check, we left the restaurant and realized that we were so efficient with dinner that we still had time to kill! We spotted a happy hour which offered $5 sangria, so naturally we went. We then realized that we're just in the bar area of the the restaurant. The sangria glasses were huge and it was delicious. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here (Excalibur eek), but good option for dinner if you are at this end of the strip for some reason
4	The food was good. The spicy ckn penne with the rosa sauce was delicious. The staff had great customer service and the food came out very fast and fresh. It looked appeasing and the taste was bold.
2	Fricken waiter spills soda all over us, then charges us 37$ gratuity for 2 friends that didn't even eat with us, for sitting down at our table. What a ripoff!
4	My boyfriend and I had a coupon for $10 off $30... so, why not? We went for lunch. When we walked in, we asked if we could sit in the bar area and use the coupon still. The hostesses, who were holding menus and ready to seat us, said yes. We ended up seating ourselves like normal customers who decide to sit in the bar area, but we were completely ignored for a good seven to ten minutes or so... without menus! Finally, our server came up to us and asked if we needed menus. Duh. I have never been to a Buca di Beppo in my whole, entire life, so yes. I would very much like a menu. Well, the server ended up being pretty nice, though. He took our order in a timely manner, and he refilled our drinks when needed. I ordered the baked ziti, and my boyfriend ordered the chicken carbonara. The chicken on his dish wasn't all that good, as it tasted like frozen chicken or pre-cooked chicken. Other than that, the food was good. Our bill came out to $27 after the $10 off (without tip), which isn't bad, because we didn't finish our meals and had leftovers to take back to the room for dinner! I would rate the experience as three and a half stars... but I'll round up.
1	Inflated strip prices.  Bad service, slow service and the place was empty. Wouldn't take a mobile coupon,  and we paid 8 dollars for about a half serving of pasta to go with our chicken parm. As LV locals we know better than to eat on the strip,  but went with Buca because it's a known quantity.  Wrong. The strip location is 25% more for 50% less food snd a bad attitude.  Never again.
4	Came here for the happy hour....$3 beers all day. Good service, no to crowded, looks the same as the California locations. Relaxing atmosphere, everyone looked like they were enjoying themselves, maybe because they were all buzzed.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would... but unfortunately, I can't. We arrived at the restaurant for a late lunch at around 3:15pm. Although the restaurant was literally empty, when we asked for a table, we were told to sit on the bench outside and that we would have to wait a few minutes. We saw the hostess constantly running around looking like she was very busy and talking on the phone. Keep in mind that the restaurant was empty, so I am not sure what she was running around doing. We asked for our table again, but we were once again told to wait. After almost 15 minutes of waiting, we decided to leave. During this time, two other couples were also told to wait, and they also left. To add insult to the injury, she had a horrible attitude - she was quite rude and dismissive, acting like we were doing something horrible by making her get up and do her job. Definitely the worst service I have experienced in a long time (if not the worst service I have EVER experienced).
1	Place was empty and they made us wait 30 mins to be seated.  Ugh... People who walked in after us thought they were being punked.
3	The food is good and plentiful.  It's served family style in large dishes. Nothing special about the menu, on par with Macaroni Grill or Carrabba's. The service was a little slow, especially from the bar.
1	Let me start off by saying I usually love the Buca di Beppo restaurants. I have been many, many times when I lived in San Francisco and I have always loved it. However, I had the worst experience at this location in Las Vegas.  We arrived at the restaurant after 3pm for a late lunch. Although the restaurant was almost completely empty, when we asked for a table, we were told to sit on the bench outside and that we would have to wait a few minutes. We saw the hostess constantly running around looking like she was very busy and talking on the phone. Keep in mind that the restaurant was empty, so I am not sure what she was running around doing. We asked for our table again, but we were once again told to wait. After almost 15 minutes of waiting, we decided to leave. During this time, two other couples were also told to wait, and they also left. To add insult to the injury, she had a horrible attitude - she was quite rude and dismissive, acting like we were doing something horrible by making her get up and do her job. Definitely the worst service I have experienced in a long time (if not the worst service I have EVER experienced).Honestly, the entire thing is a mystery to me, as I have always loved this restaurant, but I guess they need major re-training of their staff. If I could give it zero stars, I would, but I can't, so I'm giving it - grudgingly - 1 star.
2	My partner and I decided to go here because we were tired and did not feel like leaving the strip. We were both disappointed. I put our name in and was told that it would take twenty minutes to be seated; it ended up taking thirty.The service was okay if you were paying $30-40 for a meal. We ordered a small gorgonzola salad, a small pepperoni pizza, a small chicken saltimbocca, garlic mashed potatoes and two (plastic) glasses of water. This meal came to $82 without counting tip!The salad was okay, the pizza was very salty and flat, the chicken was average, there was not much garlic taste to the mashed potatoes and the water was chlorinated with not even a lemon wedge to mask the taste.Their "family-style" philosophy forces you into sharing entrees rather than ordering your own meal. You see, the small portions are supposed to be shared. So I guess people who are dining alone are not welcome.The service was surly and polite. Take your money and go to Olive Garden.
3	Great serviceOverpriced corporate menu, but not surprised.  If your looking for something predictable you won't be disappointed. Although good flavor, $30 for veal Marsala should be more than 3 small pieces
2	I have to say, as a local here in Las Vegas, I hate crappy service.  Went with a couple of out of town friends for a total of four people.  Our waiter was just plain in a funk.  Service was slow, food arrived before we could finish the salad (Is it pre-cooked?) No plates provided until we flagged someone down. Never refilled beverages without us asking.  When he cleared the table, he reached into the center of the table and began stacking all the used plates right in our faces. No finesse at all. everything as far as service is in slow motion, and you get ignored a lot.  The only thing I must admit they do with great expediency is drop the check on the table.  Oh and by the way, not once did  any staff member say thank you, while we all thanked them every time they brought us something.  Sorry just poor service, but the food was not too bad.
3	Very much like a family-style Olive Garden. The only difference I detect is the decor, which is nice. The food is subpar for the price but not bad. Not really notable either. I would say that the atmosphere here is the draw. They do have a great happy hour and it is conveniently located in our hotel. They need to work on their service, however. Our group of 11 was told to check back in 30 minutes to be seated; which we did. When we returned we were made to feel as though it was a strain to "fit" us in. We were ignored, waited another 15 minutes to be seated although the table was ready. When we were, our waiter hardly ever came to check on us. I'm not sure if he felt overwhelmed by our group or what, he looked over at us frequently but never actually came to refill drinks. I had to go find the hostess to send someone over. We always tip %20 and probably would have more if we had been better taken care of. In short, the food is generic and somewhat over priced. $5 wines are pretty awesome, the atmosphere is nice but the service stinks.
3	Family style Italian cuisine- delicious, generous- had to take home- dinner and lunch the next day! No comparison to the horrible Olive Gardens we have in NM. Also noticed a big difference between Bucca in Vegas and the one in Alb- I thought chains all carried the same standards and quality? Anywhooooo- this is a great place to eat while in Vegas.
3	I love the food here, but I ordered a pizza to go and came back when I was told. I had to wait like an extra 15 mins than my original wait and this was originally supposed to be an order on the go. The to-go service is lacking because many of the workers won't even acknowledge if you're not staying to sit down. I would say come for the food, but leave for the service.
3	Great family style Italian restaurant with a decent selection of pastas and pizzas.  Huge portions and great for sharing in big groups.  The meatballs are even the size of softballs.  Get a reservation if you plan on going during peak times.  Wasn't too impressed with their desserts though... maybe just a bad night. The place had a fun vibe and the waitstaff was really nice and helpful.
4	We had our rehearsal dinner at Bucca di Beppo in Excalibur last Saturday  We had a party of 24 and arranged everything ahead of time.  We had to order from the banquet menu and our food for 24 included bread, cesar salad, Italian salad, fettuccini alfredo, spaghetti marinara, chicken parmesan and cheesecake.  It was so much food, and quite excellent.  They were more than willing to substitute chocolate cake for my three little picky eaters and made my nieces special day extra special.  The servers were very attentive and we never had to want for anything.  The manager personally oversaw our dinner.  Overall it was an excellent experience that I enjoyed with my wedding party.
4	I haven't been to Buca di Beppo in years, and I recently had the opportunity to eat at this restaurant with my friends here in Vegas.  From the moment you walk into the restaurant, there is tons of excitement and energy!  Love it! First, you have to set expectations before eating here and writing a review - it is a family style restaurant that caters to large groups.   This is not a James Beard Award Winning restaurant, but it is a fun place for groups to grab a meal together.I called in to make a reservation for 8 people at 7:00 p.m. and Miss Hostess was the nicest person I've encountered in a long time!  Easy Peasy!  When we got to the restaurant, we were greeted by three lovely hostesses.  We were told to wait 5 minutes for them to set up our table (HUH?  The restaurant was half empty!).  After being seated, we were quickly greeted and served by lovely Miss Server Shennae!For starters, we got the Apple Gorgonzola Salad (Small for 4).  The salad was your typical green salad but was loaded with gorgonzola cheese, thinly sliced Granny Apples, walnuts and cranberries.  It was light, fresh, and tasty!   Grade:  BFor the main dish, we got the Frutti di Mare Pasta (Small for 4).  The pasta was topped with mussels, clams, shrimp, and calamari.   The pasa noodles were tossed with a rich and spicy marinara sauce.  I loved the taste of this dish.  I didn't like the texture of the noodles.  It tasted like either the noodles were over cooked or were a cheap brand of noodles.  The texture was mushy and did not have a chew to it like most noodles should have.    Grade:  B-The kiddos at the table ordered from the kid's menu ($5!).  Each had a personalized sized cheese pizza or spaghetti and meatballs.  Both selections were VERY generous and large!  The pizzas were 9" across.  The spaghetti and meatballs was served in a medium sized pasta bowl and looked like it was enough for 2 adults.   (It looked so tasty, I wanted to eat the leftovers of the kids, but I refrained!).   Grade:  A!Best part of the meal was the energy and smiles of Miss Server Shennae!  She was patient and really made it an enjoyable evening!  You can tell she loves her job!  Thanks a bunch, Shennae!Food Grade:  BService Grade:  A!Worth the Money Grade:  B-  (sorry, the bad pasta noodles and prices did this)Overall Impression Grade:  B
4	On April 17 this year we married in the Little Church of the West- and we planned a family dinner at Buca di Beppo in the Excalibur.We were served by Johnathon who was great! Our drinks and family style pastas were good.The youngsters in our family enjoyed the specialty drinks.Staffing was short but (I hope I spelled his nam e right) our server kept up the pace and I think he even stayed after the rush to keep everyone happy.The headache of dealing with the Excalibur valet parking rush did not dampen our spirits.Good thing I had squeezed into my blingy dress and got married before dinner- lots of garlic bread and drinks later I was a larger but happy bride!!
4	This is a GREAT family restaurant to eat at. The prices are reasonable and the food was excellent. I'm picky about my Alfredo sauce and this one passed the test. The sauce was creamy and the chicken tasted great.  The price for a meal to feed 2-3 was the same as I paid for one plate the night before and the portions were generous,  we had lots that went uneaten The server was friendly and when we asked him a question about something we were thinking of doing he gave us so much good information. Our wait wasn't very long at all and our food came out pretty quick considering how busy they were. Highly Recommend.
2	I am reviewing for takeout that we took to our room. First, I understand the family style approach, but I don't like it for couples. For my husband and I, we would usually each get something different and share. The way the ordering works here, we can't. Lasagna is usually a winner at Italian restaurants, but this was disappointing. The sauce lacked depth and overall, it didn't have the indulgence usually part of the baked pasta experience. The garlic bread was also just mediocre. In the end, I felt like I wasted calories. Not a good thing in Sin City.
5	I didn't really have any expectations prior to visiting Buca di Beppo.  My friends and I just wanted to have a nice dinner before watching a show.  And Buca di Beppo is conveniently located at the Excalibur hotel, so we decided to eat there.  The wait was about 15 minutes, and when we got to our table, our server (forgot his name) was so attentive and friendly.  I enjoyed the atmosphere, very casual and relax - it's a family style restaurant where they serve large portions to share.  We ordered Baked Ziti and Salmon for all of us to share (4 total) and it was plenty enough that we had left overs.  I would go back there again to try their other entries.
2	Me and my Wife went to the Bucca Di Beppo inside the Excalibur and had a terrible experience. The food is very overpriced, the bread they brought out was cold plain white break that looks like they got it from a cheap supermarket, my baked ziti was dry on the top which tells me they either didn't make it fresh or it was sitting out for a long time and my Wife's veal tasted like rubber. Every time someone had a birthday there would be a waiter who would yell extremely loud and start singing, VERY disrupting. A woman choked in front of us and people were doing the Heimlich maneuver on her; not their fault, but just part of the overall negative experience and total waste of $60 for two rotten entrees.
2	Visited July 2014. My two friends and I stopped by late at night for dinner. After all the hype it was a mediocre experience that ended up with all of us getting food poisoning - I'm fairly sure it was this place as we'd all eaten different things for 24 hours leading up to eating and sharing meals here.I will say our waiter was fantastic, I wish I'd got his name, and we were seated very quickly. But the food was average. I've made better lasagna and I'm no Jamie Oliver! Then the next morning we all had upset stomachs...I couldn't believe it would be such a reputable place but like I say, we hadn't all eaten the same thing for a whole day before. It's a shame.
3	Big portions , chicken was tough forgot my delicious garlic bread, service was excellent .
5	My husband and I have eaten here the past two years on our anniversary. We loved it the first time, but were so impressed with our last visit that we just HAD to write a review. This year I made a reservation online, not realizing there is more than one location of this restaurant. When we arrived at our reserved time, the hostess informed me I had reserved a table at the Flamingo location, not the one we were at. It was my mistake, but they seated us right away anyhow. The place was packed, but we received the best service we could have asked for and the food was amazing, as usual.
5	This was such a good Italian place. My friends and I got the Supreme Italian pizza and the Chicken Parmesan. Both were delicious! Their Italian margarita is also tasty. Their prices were reasonable and we didn't have to wait long before being seated. i can't wait to go back!
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible! Whatever you do, do not eat here, go anywhere else.We came here on a slow lunch day--I mean the place was practically empty.The services was painfully slow, took so long just to get acknowledged and the food took even longer.The portions are huge and the food was gross. We ordered a chicken fettuccine and bread sticks. The food was gooey and clumpy, and the bread sticks were chewy. This place makes Olive Garden look like a 5 start restaurant.  Avoid.
4	Food is great....on the pricy side but I think its worth it. The service is just so so.
4	Alright, Buca earns a solid 4 STARS. The Family dinning option is great. The environment is superb. This is NOT your typical Italian restaurant where they want you in and out. They want you to stay as long as you want! Family Style all around.The Good.- all the pasta is made in-house! The pasta is delicious, the sauces are full flavor and The portions are huge! With a large serving at least 6 people can eat and be fully satisfied! The Great.- if you are having a birthday, this is the spot to celebrate it! They bring you a huge candle, everyone comes and sings to you. They make you feel special! Like your family would! The Best.- kudos to the staff, everyone is very friendly and They keep checking on you. They even give you a free picture, and of course they try to sell you an additional one, but it's a great deal! And guess what! Its a business, that's what business do.Overall.- portions are huge, staff is very friendly, food is good. Come hungry, make sure that you do not order too much food and you will leave happy!
1	Made a reservation through open table .... When we arrived they did not have our reservation and told us we made it too late - 2hrs in advance was too late. :( ... Made us wait in line with everyone else.Update: got seated 15 minutes later, in a nice booth.Update: got a glass of wine smelling like vinegar with 3 flies in it ... Wow you can't beat this!! ... Called manager - he apologized - that's it. Replaced the glass (opened a bottle in front of us)Update: food ... Choose Olive Garden over this place.
1	Should not even give any star. We, group of four, went to sat down at the bar area for happy hour but we received no service at all Afro 15 minutes. Server did not even welcome us or start our drink. I understand this is Las Vegas but poor service. No I rephrase this to no service. Not going there.
3	The manage David gave me a call and apologize. I wasn't expecting for them to care what I think but it was very for the phone call.
2	They get two star because the food was good. Else I would have given zero stars. Our server was not polite at all. He took the order wrong and brought us wrong dish size.When we informed him, he took away the half dish saying they can adjust if they take half the dish back. So low on courtesy. Are they going to serve it to someone else I wonder.At the time of ordering we had given him a coupon which being hotel guest we had got at check in. He took it but didn't apply it while billing. When we told him to check, he said give the coupon now. We said we gave it to you while ordering. He said really!! Then he went away. He brought the corrected bill then he rudely asked for our ID and said they want to confirm we are staying here.It's ok we understand but then he started talking deliberately to adjacent customers while my husband was handing over the ID. Very rude... I felt so annoyed.We gave tip as it's courtesy on our part but the hospitality is horrible rather absent.I would say go for good food, don't expect good behavior.
1	First time there,we were really excited but left really unhappy,our server was really rude and he took forever to bring me the bread and refill i asked him for,when he brought back our checked with our credit card he barely looked at us and walked away...i dont like to give bad reviews but he really ruined our day..the only good thing was the food and the girl that took a picture of us,we bought the $20 pic and it came out really nice,when we were leaving the two hostess and another girl were talking there and didnt realize we were leaving no one said bye or thank you!
4	Not sure why they have such a low review. We booked our wedding reception here. We eat at the one in Houston. We had 31 people. Very accommodating. Only slow where you would imagine from serving 31 people. One the drinks were done everything was smooth. Wait staff wad great. Food was amazing as always.
1	I was embarrassed after suggesting this location to visiting family. We had three small children in our group. You think we could get some crayons? No bread. No refills. No bussing the table. The waiter didn't address anyone at the table, he just stood there looking at us. He just sets a stack of plates next to me and walks away as the appetizer was being served. He Recommended only two large entrees to feed 8 people. We didn't bother to order more (we were all taking about where to go to dinner as we were paying the check) because we had been there an hour and a half already. Buca is usually a decent pick for a big group with kids, but this location is atrocious. They also ruined the quaint little decor that the chain is known for... just sayin...
5	I had never been to the Bucca in Las Vegas so my husband and I decided to try the one in the Excaliber casino and it was delicious. The wait staff was very nice and anticipated our every need. We didn't even have to ask for refills on our soda. The restuarant was very clean and our food was very fresh. Thank you for a great night out and we will definitely be in again.
1	Very disappointing. Soup was served cold twice even after we complained. The eggplant wasn't made enough, really not eatable.
5	Great service and the bartender was a ton of fun.  Good beer special too.  The food is the best bang for your buck in the Excalibur.  Not really sure why so many bad reviews. ...perhaps people still believe everything should be free in Vegas.   Not the case anymore people!   This is a really good restaurant!
4	I had my wedding reception here. The price packaging was fantastic considering we're on the strip. There were a few hiccups. The wrong drinks were placed in carafes (sangria instead of wine, and no one really likes sangria in my group), we were never served garlic bread even though it was supposed to be part of our wedding package, and our wedding cake was served well past our 2 hour allotted dinner (but it was taken off the final bill) Food was great, and services was also great, and surprisingly quick considering we had a party of thirty.
3	My friend and I came here because we saw several signs promoting an ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR. It was awesome ha Each drink was $5.41 at the bar. I had several red sangrias lol The food here is served family style so the portions are huge. We had the Spicy Chicken Rigatoni. It was pretty good, not enough chicken in the dish but it was just enough to balance out the large amount of alcohol we downed lol
4	Normally I would steer clear of chain restaurants like this while on vacation. I can visit Buca di Beppo at home, why would I go to one in another city when there are so many other choices right? After a long road trip and getting in very late we didnt feel like venturing out however. Service was great, waiter was very friendly. Food was great as well! A little on the pricy side, but they serve family portions which is why. Don't be fooled by the "small", its still A LOT of food
2	What a disappoinment! I should have guessed when the bread baskets came out and they were filled with COLD bread!?! Really people? First off let me say this place was not our first choice. We had to settle for Buca because our party grew too large to be seated at our restaurant of choice. We all ordered entrees from the menu (not cheap either) and not one of them had any flavor! A plate of calamari with one lemon slice?Chicken Parm-soggy batter, way underseasoned marinara sauce, Manicotti-there is a better recipe on the box of pasta folks! Pasta in a white sauce, artichoke, sundried tomato, and chicken breast...same thing, bland bland bland. An Italian restaurant should romance you with all those wonderful smells. Next time, I'll not and say I did. :(
2	My mom and I came here for happy hour for beers were $5 all day, we ordered a house salad and eggplant parmigiana. The salad was soggy tasted like it was pre-made and sitting in dressing all day! The eggplant parmigiana was salty and hard, did not taste good! I hardly ate it because it tasted horrible! If Gordon Ramsey walked into this place and tasted the dishes he would say that it tasted like shit and it looks discussing!When we complained about the food to the manager he took the eggplant parmigiana off the bill and we only paid for the drinks and salad, which I hardly ate also. My mom had most of the salad and I left hungry because we were going to see a show. The waitress came over and apologize to us and said that it wasn't made fresh! I was looking at her like wtf what did they do microwave the food that was served?! All I could think of was the kitchen nightmares with Gordon Ramsey where the one restaurant kitchen staff prepares all the food then reheats it in the microwave! I rather go to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant in planet Hollywood at least I know that place has standards being that it his restaurant compared to bucca which use to be good!
4	I was very impressed with menu variety, portions, price and service. I was not expecting such good food for a chain restaurant. No comparison to the Olive Garden. I highly suggest the Penne San Remo. They use family style for the entrees. Two small entrees more than enough for three people. Take this into consideration before adding on appetizers, breads and salads.
5	Been to the ones in San Jose and San Francisco. This one was delish as well. The $10 24oz drink with $7 refills rocked.
3	I love Italian food. It's one of my favorites! I've never gone here before, and I've heard that they have big portions and the food is really good. My friend and I were in the area the other day because we had a show to watch. She wanted pasta, and Olive Garden was too far. We went to Buca di Beppo, and the prices were expensive! It did say that the small portions would serve 2 or more people, so we shared a dish. We had chicken cannolini- a stuffed dish with chicken and cheese and spinach. They did come with bread and butter. Our bread was cold. It would have tasted much better if our bread was piping hot. Since I was starving, I stuffed myself with bread. When our stuffed pasta came out, there was only 4 pieces. I was kind of shocked because they said portions are large. I had 2 pieces and my friend had 2 as well. I was still hungry after eating. I don't eat much either. It was $24, which was definitely not worth it. Some of the other dishes might have bigger portions, but when you purchase meat, you get way less food? The pasta itself was delicious.
4	It was my birthday!! So birthday lunch here it was. OMG so there is this amazing Mozzarella Garlic bread you have to get as an appetizer!! It's mouth watering.The portions are served a la carte, therefore portions are family style. The Chicken Parmesan was delicious and more than enough. I tried the Peony which is similar to a sex on the beach. For 13.99 you get to keep the glass as a souvenir   awesome isn't it? Yes! The waiter was kind, attentive and friendly. I was surprised with the colossal brownie as the team sung happy birthday and blew out a candelabra. AMAZING!! I LOVE THIS PLACE! (Only downfall were two screaming kids)
4	A real Italian restaurant located at the Excalibur. Super friendly staff and super cheap beer. Only $ 2 Bud Light on tap. We were at this restaurant almost every day. The lasagna was really amazing.
5	The meals are so great,  that I want to grow another stomach to keep consuming the heavenly meals.  The portions are big.  Great sangria too
