2	So normally I'm not that tough on places, but I think when you're serving Mexican food in Phoenix, there is a certain level of expectation.They get one star for having decent service and another star for having quite good portions.  On the other hand, the food was crap, especially for the price I was paying.  I had steak fajitas, not normally the cheapest thing, but for something between $12-$15 I expected something tastier.  If they had been the most delicious thing ever, I wouldn't have cared but I didn't even take the half of the food I had left home.  The steak had a funny after taste and a lot of my onions were burnt.  The beans were mediocre and tortillas were average.  On the whole, it was a decent dining experience but not what I would have wanted for the price.  You can get a lot better Mexican food in Phoenix (and for a lot cheaper).  I'd recommend coming here only if it's the most convenient place.
3	We have a couple of favorite dishes from the Taquito Basket, mixed both beef and chicken. The bean dip is great with the Taquitos. I switch between Combo Numero Uno which has a taco, cheese enchilada and a pork tamale. My other favorite is the Burro de Casa with shredded beef. Both come with refried beans and rice. The burro is served enchilada style. Desert has been so so, but my idea of Mexican desert is a Chi-Chi's fried ice cream and no one does it the same way. Service is hard to predict, often during the lunch hours, we'll get great service, however, just yesterday we waited 15 minutes just to meet our waitress.
5	I have always loved going to Valle Luna. Its not pretentious, the food is yummy and the drinks are tasty! My fiance' and I go to split appetizers and a few beers every few weeks. And when visitors come in, we take them to Valle Luna for  good time. Plus, the owners are heavily dedicated to their community. I have volunteered with the Fiesta Bowl media committee for years along with one of the owners of the restuarant and know how hard they work to ensure the best experience for customers and best support of their community. Just look at the photos and honors on their lobby walls!  BTW, they do a lot of fundraisers, and I hope you might be interested in chowing down on a Chimichanga today...to support Cystic Fibrosis. See info below. VALLE LUNA TO HOST FUNDRAISER MONDAY, OCT. 13 TO BENEFIT CYSTIC FYBROSIS WHAT:        All three locations of Valle Luna Mexican Food & Cantinas will host a fundraiser to benefit the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.  One dollar from each chimichanga dinner ordered that day will be donated to the organization.                   WHEN:         Monday, October 13, 2008 11 a.m. - 9:30 p.m.WHERE:      All three Valle Luna restaurant locations:Phoenix:  3336 W. Bell Road, (602) 993-3108 Paradise Valley: 16048 N. Cave Creek Road, (602) 867-9100Chandler: 1949 W. Ray Road, 480-786-3100WHY:         For more than 25 years, the owners of Valle Luna Mexican Food & Cantinas have believed that you should always give back to the community. According to Bill Riddle, giving back to the community has been something the family has done since the first restaurant opened in 1983.  You can tell by the lobby "walls of fame" that grace each location and include numerous youth sponsorship plaques. In addition Valle Luna has continually supported the many private, non-profit organizations, church groups, educational institutions and sports-related groups in their fundraising endeavors.  Gift certificates are sent out on a regular monthly basis to support their efforts.  To date, more than 6,200 organizations and groups have benefited from Valle Luna's community efforts.  The Riddles also believe that volunteering is another important aspect of giving back.  Both Bill and Janie are active in chamber of commerce organizations (Phoenix, Chandler and North Valley Chamber (formerly Paradise Valley - where Janie was President), Fiesta Bowl, ASU and ASU West (Janie served as Dean's Advisory Board member for the College of Teacher Education and Leadership, National Football Foundation/Valley of the Sun Chapter (Janie is current President and Bill, President Emeritus).  They also serve on the Arizona Licensed Beverage Assoc Board (both) and members of the Arizona Restaurant Assoc.
4	Valle Luna is a place I've driven past for months but never made it in.  A coworker suggested it for lunch the other day so I finally got to check it out.  The service was good, the chips and salsa were plentiful.  The lunch menu was limited, as well as a little pricey, but the portions were pretty comparable to the price.
5	This is my favorite Mexican food place in all of Phoenix. If I recall, this is the original Valle Luna as well. I've been eating here for as long as I can remember.The restaurant is quiet and comfortable. It's a very basic restaurant. You can go in and eat your own meal for $8-15 no problem. The servers have always been friendly. I have never had a mistake on my order. The salsa they have to go with the chips is excellent and the food is even better.Unfortunately, they recently changed the menu. Prices have gone up a bit. Oh well, I can deal with that. It's still worth it.The separate bar is also pretty cool. They don't have any huge TVs--it's no Santisi Brothers--but there's enough that you can watch all of the major games at the same time. The place brings in some dedicated Cardinals fans as well. They've been doing caravans to the games on Sundays for awhile.Overall, it's just a quiet, affordable, friendly local restaurant that happens to have what I consider to be the best Mexican food in the valley. The next time you're in there, do yourself a favor and get the Fundido, preferably with chicken. It's sort of like a Chimichanga covered with cream cheese then covered with a layer of cheddar cheese and is the main reason I keep going back. Easily one of my favorite dishes in the city.It's a shame I live so far from this place now.
5	I've been coming here for years and I just love Valle Luna.  I am probably being generous with the stars, but over the years it has never let me down for a tasty Mexican meal.  It's casual dining and the bar is pretty fun to grab a bite on the weekends. This will always be an old stand by for me. Okay, so I do have to mention one negative.  On my last visit the waiter was actually text messaging at the table!  It was weird to try and talk to a waiter while he was text messaging, not to mention that when he walked up to the table he greeted us with "Oh, shit...hi."  Since this is the only time I've experienced bad service, I am not too worried.  Actually, it was more funny than it was bad.
5	If you are looking for great, authentic Mexican food at a reasonable price, then look no further than Valle Luna. I've been a customer of "the Luna" for about 20 years.I've tried many other Mexican food fares, but keep coming back here. When I have family come in from out of town, their visit is not complete without at least one dinner from Valle Luna and a couple more visits to the friendly Cantina.       My favorite dish is the pork fundito (sp), which is a pork fajita meat in a flour tortilla that has jalapeno cream cheese sauce in it as well. It's then covered in cheese and baked. In the Cantina you can order a taco basket which contains 6 smaller tacos ( chicken and or beef) which can be a small meal or appetizer for two. You may also want to try the pollitos( fried chicken strips) as an appetizer as well.  "White Death" margarita is Valle Luna's version of the Cadillac or upscale marg. It's served in a large 19oz mug rather than a "tradition" marg glass and goes well with the warm chips and feshly made salsa.      The server's there are always friendly and helpful and I know that they always pass health inspections with near perfect scores ( I check)
4	Being from New Mexico, and a lover of fine Mexican food from various regions, I am pretty particular about my Mexican food. It has to be just as good or better than I can make at home. I was pleasantly pleased with my visit to Valle Luna (Bell). I sat at the bar and it was hoppin'. Lots of people from their seemingly popular Happy Hour. My beer was cold, and the bar tenders attentive even though they were busy. When my chips and salsa arrived I was told one was hot and the other not as hot. I couldn't tell the difference other than one was chunky the other smooth and one had cumin and the other more cilantro. I was later told the smooth one is their Hot one. But I wasn't complaining I enjoyed both salsas and the fresh chips made in house. I ordered the Shrimp stuffed Poblano peppers. I was half expecting just a couple of mini salad shrimp but loved that this was stuffed with several good sized shrimp. The rice was just the way I like it and the refried beans were perfect. I will be going again.
3	this place has a killer happy hour. cheap beers and margaritas, the margarita of the day - my fav is mango - and the good, cheap happy hour food keep bringing me back. when it isn't happy hour, i beg you to order the carne fundido - fried goodness stuffed with tasty steak covered in cream cheese and cheddar. an absolute indulgence worth every calorie.i prefer this location because it feels authentic - a dying strip mall in a somewhat rough pocket that begs newcomers to stop in, overlook the lack of renovation, and expect only good food. you may have to ask the hostess to have someone to wipe the rice from the seat before you sit, the menu may have crayon on it, and the glass your drink is served in may show some significant age, but you're going to get good food. as one might assume, this is not a swanky place. food prices are fair and good liquor is available, though the luna's well is pretty low on the liquor totem pole .... call your vodka if you don't want to be drinking gordon's. the house made chips are killer, as are the two salsas they serve with them. expect your fork to be bent, your knife to be dull and your server to be friendly.there are some oddities:the teenager menu, a seemingly new addition, just confuses me.my server is never available to refill my soda, but is always there, breathing down my neck to order another margarita.the chips and salsa are really, really good, but the chips are served in extremely small bowls and seconds don't seem to be encouraged. so valle luna, with all my affection for you, my years of  being a faithful customer and your oddities considered, you get 3 stars. and i wouldn't have you any other way.
4	Casa Noble Silver Margaritas for $6.25, buck more for Reposado, and another dollar for Anejo.  This is not the happy hour price.  Amazing drinks, good prices, wow.Tortilla chips are thin, served hot & fresh, and accompanied by a salsa and hot sauce.  I had the Sonoran Masa enchiladas (comes with eggs on top) and it was quite good, reasonable portion size, and priced consistent with other casual dining places.  Service was above average.Cute, casual Mexican place with good drinks.  Hard to beat.
4	One of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Phoenix!  Their margaritas are top notch... homemade chips and killer salsa!  I am a fan of the bean burrito, fajitas (the meat is so tender and flavorful!) and pollo fundido.  A word of advice, chicken and pollo are different here.  Pay extra for the pollo.  If you can get a seat in the bar, enjoy their happy hour specials.  I love you Valle Luna!
5	ugHHhhhhh just had the spinach enchiladas and some really good maragaritas and I'm so satisfied. If you don't like spinach, their flautas are pretty O worthy. Anyways I could walk to this place, but being on the broke side a little can't afford to eat here too much SOOOOO THANK GOD FOR THEIR BUY ONE GET ONE 1/2 OFF....I went through like a ton of new times and ripped out some of them lol. Was there last thursday for my birthday. My friend and I drank all day at work and rolled in around 8 and sat at the bar...filled up on chips and salsa(which are yummy) had peach margaritas and ordered food to-go for a little later when we'd be craving it. Bartender was way cool, bought us some shots for my birthday. Had a thing called a DOgma which I regret because I felt it bad the next day. OOOO how i regret it :)
4	Great Mexican food and drinks
4	This was not our first trip to this resturant. They always have some kind of promotional going on which usually keeps the resturant full. Tonight when we arrived we were seated quickly. There were several large groups waiting. The resturant is made up of many rooms all decorated with a mexican theme. We were waited on by Matt. He was attentive and took very good care of us. As with most Mexican Food resturants you start out with chips and salsa. Their salsa is a little more spicy than most. I like it hot so this is fine with myself. They also offer a hotter version.  I had their Chili Verde. I have eaten it several times before and it is one of my favorites.  It comes with rice and beans. There is very good quanity as well as quality. You will not go away hungry. Our dinning experience was pleasent and we went away full. I would definitely recomment Valley Luna.
4	I have been to this place a few times over the past few years. I get the same thing, the pollo fundido. It satisfies my Mexican cravings.The atmosphere is fun, maze like. Service is decent and like most places if something is wrong they are quick to fix it. This is a great local restaurant. I love how it lacks the ultra corporate feel of most main-stream joints. Great Mexican!
5	Came here with a gift certificate and got A LOT of food!  We knew we must be in for something good because there was a decent crowd waiting and by the time we left there was a large crowd.  We ordered the mini taco basket.... my husband and I split it.  The taco basket alone could have filled us up, yummy fried goodness.  I ordered the enchilada and taco combo and my hubby got an asada burrito.  We are so full of awesome authentic Mexican food I don't think we'll need to eat tomorrow.  Service was good, we got refills on our drinks before they were half empty and the food was GOOD!  This is the first actually totally authentic Mexican restaurant that I have found in Phoenix.  Yay :)
2	What a disappointment. First off, lights would be nice. I seldom complain about the amount of lighting, but it was bloody dark in there. Petty complaint aside, the food was really uninteresting. The sonoran chicken was red, but had no flavor. The refried beans? Dry as a bone. On my wife's plate, they clearly had been sitting under a heat lamp for too long because they were cracked along the surface and very obviously dried out. Seriously? I'd say the service was fine, but the waiter let it come out looking like that, so points off for not bothering to notice. Second start is only because of the cheese crisp, which was tasty.
3	We come here alot on Wed nights for family night, it is super cheap like half price cheap for a OK Mexican meal. They use way to much cheese on everything and it can be quite heavy as Mexican can be. This place is not my favorite but my husband LOVES the chips and salsa so we come often. when we leave I always say " we are not coming here for a while" but we always return so he can get his fix. I am from Cali and they do good Mexican there so I have never found my holly grail Mexican restaurant in Phoenix but I am hopeful and keep trying  thanks to Yelp I just might find it.
4	lately, the fundido here is my guilty pleasure. i can't get enough of it. i know it is just mexican junk food, but damn that fundido is good. get the steak one, not the chicken. the steak is better. i also think the rice is better than the beans. the busboy will give you as much free chips and salsa as you want. don't forget to ask for the hot sauce - it has good flavor and isn't too spicy.the servers are really good at this location - attentive, quick and not at all annoyed by coupons. for some reason, there's a buy one get one free entree coupon in my valpak every single week - that makes my mexican junk food fix a pretty darn good value. that's awesome for me, because it means g and i go to valle luna a lot, and i get my fundido fix a lot.
3	They have wonderful drink specials. Our tacos were delicious and I would definitely go there again.
1	Ok, here we go again.  Really..... I don't complain all the time.... Just when i get "underwhelming" food at "overwhelming" prices.  Checking out restaurant.com.... run across a gift certificate for this family owned mexican restaurant.  Ok, discounted food, will give it a go!Arrived on "Family Night", Wednesday... Decent crowd, 15 min wait.  Wandered into the bar area, which was neat and hopping with patrons.  Found a corner booth and asked if we could sit.... a few minutes later, we were seated.  Immediately i asked about the restaurant.com gift certificate to make sure we can use it.  We were aware we couldn't use it on "specials" or discounted items.. so no worries.The chips and salsa were average at best.  I believe I have had better salsa at a Chinese BBQ.  Maybe the bottled salsa that the Pace company makes fun of might have been tastier.... "this salsa is made in New York City"......"NEW YORK CITY?" ... anyway, moving on.....My wife opted for the "fundido" chicken (around $13)...  and I,  the chicken chimichanga (around $14).  My daughters split the Shrimp Enchilada (around $15).  Just a heads up to the wait staff..... I'm not expecting Ritz Carlton service, however, splitting the entree in the kitchen would have been nice touch.  No extra work would have been needed.... just would have been appreciated.Food arrived timely.  No issues there.  Silverware is actually a napkin and a fork.  Knives are placed on plates that "require them".OK.... Don't know if I am wrong here.... however, every chicken dish that i have had at any mexican restaurant is white meat....not dark.  I cannot tell you the disappointment i had when i found my decently sized chimichanga was made with dark meat..... and for 14.00.Same with the chicken fundido.  Dark meat.I whispered to my wife..... on the scale.... you all know the scale you have with your spouse.... 1 to 10.... because you want to know their feelings for the joint......  1 being  WTF?   .... to 10... i can't wait to come back no matter the cost.......She hints around a 3.I just asked her.... if her meal was 1/2 price.... as on happy hour of family night... would she raise her score.....  "absolutely not".There you have it.   Including 18% gratuity.... our bill was 38.80..... including the 25.00 restaurant.com38.80 for a lesson... eh, maybe not too bad.....i wish i could have liked you valle luna.........It's not you.... it's me.
4	Interesting contrast found here:  excellent abundant authentic (well to my American palate) Sonoran-style Mexican food but in the setting of a semi trashy beer hall!  Had a hard overworked server who kept things going in the dim, neon beer-sign lit darkness.  Looking at the website the chain (3 total) has pretty high accolades (Best of Phoenix 2009 by the New York Times), just interesting that the decor doesn't match, although perhaps I am being snooty and should just relax and have a good ole time, which is what the place seems to be trying to say.  Great food for great prices, can't beat that in the end.
4	I used to hate this place, and quite honestly, I'm just a HUGE fan of their Happy Hour.  It's awesome.   I haven't really found anything on their regular menu that's all that exciting, but I'm picky about my mexican food. I did have the steak fajitas and they were pretty good. One thing you MUST try is the Mexicali Relish, it's outstanding.  Their refried beans are pretty well done too.  They have happy hour Mon - Fri til 7, can't remember when it starts, but it's about how long they go anyway.  They have it on Saturday from 12-6 too, seriously sweet.  Their tall drafts are gigantic, it makes me do a double take anytime I get one somewhere else.  The employees seem to have a great bond too, at least in the Cantina, I never really get the feeling that any of them hate their job.  Things to be aware of:Salsa Hot or Chunky seems to be made daily, so it's not always the same.  I can't say that it's ever been bad though, just home made!Same with the MexiCali relish - it's the hottest thing on their menu (it's like $1.75 extra), made up of roasted veggies, and comes in a little miniture taco salad bowl.  Looks like shredded beef, it's yummy.  Recommended with the Happy Hour Chicken tenders.Tuesday is Senior night - if you are not a senior and you have plans to eat there, get there early, it's PACKED.
2	I don't get this place.  Had great service from Summer in the bar but the food is just OK,  $15 for a chimichanga really $15? yes $15 I still am shaking my head over that. I can go to chipolte and get a burrito twice the size with better organic ingredients for less than half that. everytime we go I ask why why but hubby is addicted to the chips and salsa,  whatever it's again OK but I've had way better elsewhere.  Still half of Phoenix thinks this is the best Mexican food around. I just don't get it.
4	This place just has a really good happy hour. I usually just stick to appetizers when I go but with free chips and salsa all night, I don't need much more. Their happy hour goes from 3:00 to 7:30, fantastic considering happy hours seem to be ending earlier and earlier now a days. There are plenty of HDTV's around to keep me entertained, so I'm gonna guess it gets really busy on Sundays during football. This is just a good place for pretty cheap drinks and decent Mexican food.
4	If you are looking for a happy hour with great drink specials and free chips and salsa, then this is your place. They also have great specials on appetizers during happy hour. I want to say you can get a huge cheese crisp for like $3. My favorite thing on their menu is the spinach queso. It is made with a creamy white cheese and it is delicious. The rest of their menus is nothing spectacular, but their happy hour is definitely worth stopping in for. They even have TV's in the cantina so you can catch whatever game is on while you enjoy some beers!
4	Two words: POLLO FUNDIDO. I swear they put some sort of addictive chemical in this dish that makes you crave it everyday. It has a ridiculous amount of calories and fat. My ass jiggles for about a week after I eat this dish and therefore I can only have it about once or twice a year. I eat it and then go take a nap. Then I get up from my nap, go to the fridge, get out the leftovers and eat the rest of it....then I go back to bed. Then I dream about it. DAMN YOU POLLO FUNDIDO! This stuff is my kryptonite.
3	Fundido is amazing but, prices seem to go up and up. I honestly. An not bring myself to pay almost 20.00 for one any more. Luna does have great coupons like buy one entree get one free though so hubby's and I will get fundidos and I don't feel so guilty. I worked at luna in high school and I have no problem eating there ;) other places such as pei Wei and quiznos I wil never eat in again lol!
5	Great food, great drinks and great service! I highly recommend Valle Luna!
3	We came here for dinner during happy hour and sat in the cantina.We ordered way to much food.I ate the burritos which only came with beans and they where cold. They where ok for being beans only.I also got cheese crisp which you cant find in Cali and it was pretty good.This place gets crazy hectic and you should plan on waiting to get in for awhile.
5	I'd have to say that out of all the Mexican places I've tried in the Valley thus far, including non-chain places, this is definitely the best!!  Wonderful food, generous portions.  We frequent this place at least 2-3 Fridays a month and have tried about 1/2 of the items on the menu.  Usually taco salads don't do much for me, but this one is actually good!  Chips/salsa are very good (especially with the hot sauce), fundito is amazing, cheese crisp extravaganza is fantastifc.  I've noticed many of their best items are served with jalapeno cream cheese, which really is addictive.  I'm fairly certain this is why ppl have so many cravings for Valle Luna.  Never had any service issues here.  Building is very old but adds to the authentic ambiance.  Have never come during happy hour or sat in the bar area, just the dining areas (there are several "rooms" which is nice and changes things up a bit if you come here often).  The only negative is that sometimes it gets a bit loud w/kids running everywhere, but overall a very pleasant, casual place for any occasion.  restaurant.com offers a $25 gift card for just a couple bucks, and all you have to do is spend $35 (and some of this can be on alcoholic drinks!) So you end up getting $35 worth of food/drinks for about $20-25 with tip.  Not bad!  Val-pak also has buy 1, get 1 free entree coupons almost every time, but even without discounts, the prices aren't too high.  Granted, I definitely wouldn't come here as often if discounts weren't available though.
3	You've seen the storyline play out many times - great athlete in his prime signs a multi-year mega-contract, but eventually his body betrays him and he's parked on the bench, getting paid more than the starters.Valle Luna, I'm looking at you.My family used to frequent this place - you could get a nice meal for $8 or $9 per person, and their food was fantastic.But Valle Luna has lost a step.  You see it here and there - the chimi sauce isn't quite the same, the beans are inconsistent, and the fundido just isn't as fun.  And to make matters worse, Valle Luna now demands superstar prices, asking for around $20 for a chimichanga dinner.  I hate to break this to you, guys, but I can get that - and done better - for much cheaper.  And don't even get me started on the rise of Rito's, Chipotle, and Juan's, all of which provide superior food for less than half the price.Their prices have become ridiculous - and I think Valle Luna knows it, because this is one of the only restaurants I can think of that creates a version of their menu WITH NO PRICES for their website.  I'm serious: http://www.valleluna.com/VL_Menu3.html  It looks exactly like the regular menu, just without any idea of how crazy expensive their food has become.  I suppose they figure that you can't (or won't) leave after you've sat down, ordered drinks, and eaten some chips?But much like that past-his-prime athlete, Valle Luna still has one move that reminds you of those glory days, like Jordan's fade-away jumper.  It was his best shot late in his career because it was the only shot he could cleanly get off.   Valle Luna's fried ice cream is so delicious, and since it's dessert, they can't charge $18 for it.   I wish I could tell you the exact price but that's censored on the online menu, too.   So go for dessert sometime soon and reminisce about the glory days, because I suspect it won't be long before the game passes Valle Luna by and they're forced to hang up the aprons.
5	Sat in the bar had great service and food. Only problem is had to much food. Would recommend to others
4	I've always dug this joint.  It's way better now that they expanded the bar.  I used to kick it here when I was single.  The food is dang good, not BLADOW!!, but dang good.  Good personalities working there.  All around cool neighborhood joint.
3	Average mexican restuarant which has a lot of retired clients due to specials (buy one get one free) type.  Place is always packed but not because of the food at least for me.  I had their enchilladas and they only make them in red sauce.  My wife had the fish tacos and she liked those.  Would not be returning, there are better authentic places out there.Update:I have to say that the manager reached out to me.  Seems these people care about their customers and for this I will give them another star!
4	Tasty. Not as busy as the Chandler location which makes it better. Great service.
4	Very good food, and you get $5 off of $20
4	They have awesome food, along with awesome specials. It can be crowded at times, but I can definitely see why. Good atmosphere, service is a little lacking in customer service, but not horrible. I visit this place often and will continue to do so as long as the prices remain reasonable.
3	What makes this place a great place is the buy one get one free coupons.  However, the mexican food itself is average.  They appear to have a great happy hour and other great promotions which makes this place worth coming back too.Like I mentioned earlier, the food is average but not horrible.
5	Luna itself great.  Especially for a chain.  I think I have 16 or so check-ins here.  Food is four stars but the service there is always great (I sit in the bar), which adds the extra star.  Their Mexican Pizza is REALLY good... really good.  Chips are always light and cripsy.  Their happy hour is top notch too.  Their house margarita has a punch, and I'm a big guy.  HH is 3-7 M-F and on Sat and Sun (I think from noon-6) also.  I'm a pretty big snobe when it come to mexican food.  Much of the menu is prettty standard with some stars mixed in.  Fundito is solid.  Green chili is a good one too.  I wish they would bring back the chopped tuna tacos.  They also have a special for check-in on Yelp.  Special note to management (who is great) too.  Please put a rail for our feet on the back side of the bar  :)
4	Great Happy Hour. Get the TACO BASKET~!Thursday-Mexican Beer $3
3	I love the chips here...I have for years...I am addicted. Last month we went for dinner to feed my quest for fish tacos. The service was great, we sat at the bar. He recommended a cilantro sauce for the tacos. I decide to try that. Overall, I was not overly thrilled with the fish tacos, or the sauce, but they weren't absolutely horrible either.  Average. I didn't like the sauce because I don't care for a TON of cilantro, but this my taste, and I don't take stars away for that.  We also went last Friday night and I got a taco, tostado and enchilada combination. They were also ok, I would have liked to have more flavor in the enchilada. I tried the chicken, beef and Machaca beef. I have to say, I really liked the Machaca beef. the taco was ok, I would get that again. I would pass on the other stuff though.  In my opinion, the food is average. Great atmosphere, great chips/salsa, great 'bulk' food service. Service can also be a little hit or miss...nice gal the other night...not great timing....great service when we sat at the bar last month. As for the fish taco's....I am still searching....
4	I have been going to Valle Luna since I was a kid. It is one of the few places left in Phoenix that is relatively unchanged.  I always have a good time, great service and good food. And the house margaritas are always plentiful. MMMM, margaritas.......
4	Great margaritas! Love coming here for great atmosphere and good food.
2	If you want real authentic Mexican food, you're better off enjoying your mother's home cooking than at this restaurant. There was nothing spectacular about this place...the price range was incredibly expensive for what it is. Example: $15 for a Chimichanga$12 for a quesadillaReally?? That is ridiculous.
4	Amazing food and great drink deals. A must for every Phoenician.
3	My sister and I come here on Wednesdays for their family night special. The prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are generous. If you come here any other night you're going to overpay for average Mexican food.
5	Five stars (ignore the one star!!)! We went the other night, for happy hour.  It was super busy but the server was very attentive to everything.  The food hit the spot, the cost was right and the drinks were spot on.  We even had good seats for the Bulls versus the Celtics.
5	I always am on the look out for some great Mexican food and honestly, I dont find many places that would "wow" me.  My find is over..  My girlfriend suggested we go here after going through a list of 5 or so places.  She wanted Mexican, but we wanted to change from the usual places.  Valle Luna came up and we hurried over.  We walked in to find a slew of people waiting to be seated.  They said it would be about a 20min wait.  Not too bad. My girlfriend asked if they had any spots in the bar and we headed that way.it felt like a Mexican sports bar!  ...the bar side did.  We found a nice booth with a few TV's around and within a few minutes, a waitress came over to take our order.  Im huge on chips n salsa and one thing I love is when they bring out hot sauce along with the salsa.  If hot sauce is there, I rarely touch the salsa.  They had it!!  I love and hate chips at the same time.  You can easily fill up on chips before your main dish comes out.  I tried to stop, but I just keep snacking.. Yummm.!I ordered a shredded beef chimichanga and when they brought it out, it looked and smelled amazing.  Covered with sour cream, lettuce and a side of re-fried beans and Spanish rice.  I went to town.  It was one of the best chimichangas Ive had. I found my mexican restaurant!!We came back later in the week for lunch..  loved it again!
5	Me and my wife go to this restaurant at least once a week and love it. The happy hour even runs on Saturday and is a super good deal. Appetizers are half off during happy hour and are super delish. I mostly get the wings which are very good and definitely compete with your local wing restaurant. Service is mostly fast unless they are just absolutely slammed. If you sit in the bar-ask for Ashley- best waitress here and she always does an amazing job.
4	Great Mexican food and fun staff!  Vanessa and Colin are the best!  Always fun to join in on the bus to Cardinals games and actually hang out with the people working so hard to get you tipsy and full on a regular basis.  I love coming here and i sure hope they caught that lame gum ball machine thief!
4	If you are new in town Valle Luna is a must stop for some great mexican food.  They have a few valley locations and will not disappoint.  The Sonoran Todo (Appetizer) is a platter of Mexican fried delights and can be shared by 2-3 people for your MEAL.  Its a great deal and super tasty.  The Pollo Fundido is also a must and can also be split as it comes with rice and beans.The atmosphere is typical any mexican food spot, so pretty much out of date with several "team" photos of teams they support lining the walls.  The service is usually pretty good as well, but its the food that makes this place a must visit.
2	We tried Valle Luna because we had a Restaurant.com certificate and were severely disappointed in the quality of the food, the service (waiter kept messing up our totals at the end), the ambience. We do not intend to ever go back. Sorry.
4	I always order the valletos y lunitas (i think that's how you spell it) for lunch. It's mini chimi's and the bean dip is great !  I love their HOT salsa. It's not hot at all, it's just more flavorful than the regular salsa they provide.
4	Great place to come and enjoy a good happy hour after work.And the food is not bad either
3	Valle Luna is a N Phx ICON. I cannot tell you how many times I have been here, but I can tell you that there is nothing unique or outstanding. The best part to me is the chips but the salsa is lacking. The prices are ok the portions are huge. The lounge is usually cool.
3	The mexi-ameri-menu you expect.Not really anything especially bad or especially nice to say.Chips warm and fresh, but salsa was kind of "jar-of picante-like" bleh.Large portion. Great coupon.
4	Went here for lunch with 3 coworkers recently. We were promptly seated and greeted and had our drinks within minutes. This is the second time I've had Velle Luna food. The first time was I ordered the combination place with enchilada, taco and, rice and beans. The meal was solid with the exception of the rice, which I thought was a bit dry. I didn't like the big onions in the enchilada, but that is a personal preference and at least I was able to take those out.Overall, the service level was very good and the food in my opinion was also above average.My coworkers ordered a variety of menu items and all enjoyed their meals, but couldn't finish them.I would say that Valle Lune has some pretty solid food and would go back there without hesitation.
4	Good food, nice prices and friendly people. The place is well staffed although they could do a bit of spring cleaning, my side of the booth was littered with napkins and what not. Surprisingly they have delicious roast beef sliders.
4	I hadn't been to this location in several years.  We went and I thought it was fantastic!  We went on Cinco de Mayo at lunch and it was pretty busy.  But they seated us right away.  We had great service and the food was wonderful.  I was happy to see lunch specials on a Saturday.  Normally lunch specials are week days only.  The prices were great.  I thought the salsa was great.  We received a regular and a hot.  We mixed them together and it was perfect.
5	Order the Steak Fundito!!!! Any of the funditos are amaing, but thats my favorite. Been going for over 15 years, Live in Cave Creek now and wish I could get that somewhere closer thats as good. But really...... just gotta meet there for a treat every once in awhile its the best! Tasteful, cheesy and awesome!
3	Service is kind of slow. It seemed like our waitress was serving the entire little section we were in, so I could understand that, but the extra help probably wouldn't have hurt considering how big this place is. The food is average, it really isn't anything to get excited over. Popos on 51st and bell is much better in terms of food. We only came here since we had a groupon... One thing this restaurant needs to do is bring in spoons for dips and salsas. We had a group of 6 who passed around the cheese dip (which seized up after about 10 minutes...) And a spoon would've been great.Also, music choice is weird... This is a Mexican restaurant right? Some Mexican music would've been better instead of hearing Katy Perry telling me I'm a firework.The sad thing is I used to love this place as a child, but compared to other places it's just... mediocre. All-in-all I probably won't be back here unless there's a groupon or something.
3	Food was ok, nothing I had really stood out. (chicken chimi meal)  Went here because of the 2/1 coupon I had.  Food was heavy and well portioned.   Service was a little slow but it was Saturday around lunch time.  Place is dark and had a funky vibe for a Mexican place.  Music in the background sounded top 100 of the pop list which I wasn't expecting.  Margarita was good for a hot day.  Read about happy hour specials, I might hit the place up for some of that instead of a full meal next time.
2	Service was lacking as we waited for our drinks to be filled for about 10 minutes food was ok nothing real special about it you can find better out there. We will not be going back.
1	Absolutely gross-  I'm just going to be bluntly honest- who the F cares what the food tastes like when the place looks like a frickin' dump?  It was so disgustingly dirty inside. Besides food, paper, trash- resting among the carpet- the tables were dirty, the bathroom was out of service and I feared touching anything as I was led to my seat... that's a problem.I've actually never seen such a messy restaurant before. Let me also say that the restaurant was empty when we arrived, and was filthy when we walked in and was filthy when we left. Obviously no one that works at this restaurant cares about cleaning up between seatings. There's no excuse for a place to be disgusting like this. It's downright unsanitary. You serve food Valle Luna, you're a business Valle Luna- keep the place clean for heaven's sake.
4	Great food, especially green chili tamales. A little dark inside, but a fun place to go for  a work lunch (quick!) or any other meal.
5	Got a coupon and decided to check it out.  WOW! Food was delicious, service impecable. Decor is kinda old school. But was clean and no odors. We ate in the bar and were waited on by Joe. Have to say Joe is an asset to Valle Luna.
1	Had dinner on Thursday 8/30/12. Ordered a ground beef chimi and two taco plates. Jennifer, our server, gave us excellent service. Unfortunately the chimi was so so and the tacos were cold. We sent the tacos back and the next orders were warm with the first bite and also cold in the middle. Obviously management doesn't care when someone receives horrible food because no one came by to see if they could do anything or    If we wanted something else. We won't eat here again.
4	We usually hit the Valle Luna about once a week, and have done so for about the past 3 years.  We don't do the restaurant, only the cantina for happy hour and some bar food.  I'm not a big margarita drinker but my wife enjoys them and really likes the "Big Easy".  I usually just have beer (Corona, por favor).  Prices are really good.As far as the bar food goes, it can't be beat for the price.  We usually order a plate (6) of the mini tacos and share them. They're not really mini size and are more than enough for us, especially with the complementary chips and salsa.Speaking of chips and salsa, first rate.  The chips are always fresh and warm and the salsa is great.  They serve a milder version with green chili, onions and cilantro or a hotter version that is red chili based.  Both are good, but I prefer the hot stuff.
4	Great food, great beer and great environment! Oh and the chips and salsa are some of the best in AZ!!
3	This place was fantastic when i have been there in the past and the food is still good (love the mini tacos and the avocado bowl is well worth it for your chips and dinner side) but the service this time was sooooooooooo bad that it made it all seem not worth repeating!   They jam people into this place and over seat them and then you wait... for your order to be taken, for your food to arrive and even for the chips and salsa!  We came on a weekend when they are really busy - but they should have the staff to be prepared for that.    So in the future we will not come during their busy times!
5	Arizona has many good Mexican food restaurants, but Valle Luna is one of the best
1	The food was horrible. Dirty salsa plates.I watched a bus boy set a table with silverware that he dropped on the floor.  I then brought it to his attention and I told the manager. I won't eat there again.
5	Not much to say about Valle Luna that hasn't been said. In my opinion Valle Luna represents Sonoran-American food as well or better than any other establishment in AZ. This is not "authentic" Mexican cuisine per se, but it is the authentic Sonoran food all of us valley natives (gringos and chicanos alike) grew up eating. Always great service and specials to boot. Get your arses up there, you pinche gabachos!
2	Only reason for the 2 stars is for the service. The food was not very good at all. My dinner was hardshell taco's or something that consist of hardshell taco's but when they came out the shells were soggy and you couldn't eat them. The drink specials were good and we had a very nice server.
4	Valle Luna was recommended to me by a colleague while traveling on business to Phoenix, Arizona.  Needless to say: I visited Valle Luna at least two more times later that week.Each visit, there was a small wait - At least 10 to 15 minutes.  There is, however, plenty of room, both inside and outside, to wait.Once seated, chips and salsa were received at the table almost instantly.  Each time, the waiter or waitress was shortly behind to gather my table's drink order.  On one visit, I had the high-end margarita with top-shelf tequila, which comes served in a mason jar, but is average amongst other margaritas I have had.The chips always came to the table warm; although on at least one occasion, we seemed to have gotten the last batch of chips for the day (there were few that were whole).  The salsa has a ton of flavor, but not very much heat.I have had several dishes during my visits to Valle Luna, and although a single one does not stand out more than the other, I can say that the fajitas are really good (who can mess up grilled chicken and steak?!).A word of caution: Valle Luna's food seems to expand in the stomach, which can and *will* catch up with you!  I have made several attempts to be coherent of my food intake in an effort to avoid overeating, but it never did work.
4	North Valley Mexican excellence.  I have only been here one time that I was disappointed with the service, but one time compared to many other enjoyable times is forgivable.Great food, excellent drinks and the bar is where it's at.  My favorite is the heart stopping Fundido.  Happy hour has 1/2 priced apps and BIG mugs to wash them down.  Chips and Salsa are in abundance and may fill you up before you enjoy your meal, so take it easy.Great for a date night, family dinner/lunch, or a happy hour excursion.
2	I think if you grew up in north Phoenix you automatically love this place - like Peter Piper Pizza. Now that I am a grown up and have found all the amazing Mexican restaurants in town, i think this place is garbage. The shrimp tacos were awful. The only reason I give it a 2 star is because the girl that waited on us was fantastic and sometimes that makes the experience.
5	Wednesday nights! Family night! $8 specials!!! It's a ton of food for very little pocketbook. There's plenty of selection to choose from - I got the taco, enchilada, and tamale special with rice and beans. Way too much food for 1 sitting, especially when I've been munching on those addicting chips and salsa. Can't wait to go back.
5	Best Mexican food in the valley, hands down. Excellent happy hour in the cantina after 3. I was back about a week ago and noticed that Valle Luna has undergone a slight facelift on the restaurant side. It seems like maybe some of the menu pricing has gone up to compensate for the new decor, but not sure about that. Either way, still great food and worth the price!
4	One of my all time favorite spots in Phoenix. I grew up around the corner from this resturant and I could not get enough of their delicious, fresh chips and salsa, chicken taco baskets and cheese crisps. Even now when I come back to Phoenix its always on my to do list.The place hasnt changed much in the past 15 years you can always expect decent priced food a little on the indulgent side ( greasy) but the chips and salsa and margaritas never dissapoint. Its a family place that I will always adore!
3	TypicalMexican fare - it was pretty good but nothing special. The pollo fundido was pretty good and the bean burrito seemed pretty well executed but again there a million places like this in Phoenix.
3	So a friend said that I have to stop here while in Phoenix. Normally I wouldn't show up at a chain but figured I would give him the benefit of the doubt. Headed to the bar. Cute atmosphere but way too dark. So my friend suggested the shredded beef tacos. Unfortunately they were excessively fatty and lacked flavor. I did like that it was served on a hot plate to keep the beans warm throughout.  Their rice was excellent and had a solid flavor. Good service but nothing special.
4	The mini taco were good.  The bartender (young lady with long dark hair) was VERY friendly and attentive.  She had a great attitude and a big smile the entire time.
3	Saturday was a great day to be out and about, weather was perfect in the valley. I had made plans with a friend to do hang out with them and have lunch and told her that since I was on her side of town, she needed to pick the place, and she picked Valle Luna.Now I have been to the Valle Luna by my house and was not very impressed but I went with an opened mind and hoped things were better this time.I ordered the exact same thing as last time, Fundido burrito; chicken inside a fried tortilla topped with jalapeno cream cheese sauce & melted cheese with beans and rice. This time the burrito was not burnt to a crisp, it was lightly fried and with the melted cheese and the jalapeno cream sauce it was a great combo! Thanks for not letting me down Valle Luna!
5	One of my favorite happy hour spots! The Mexican potato skins are half price during happy hour and really good! Plus happy hour goes late and is on the weekends.
5	My favorite restaurant ever! My husband and I grew up by Luna and have been coming here forever (he has been coming since he was a little kid, me since about 16).  They have a great bar & happy hour. My favorite thing is the happy hour Mexican pizza (sub black beans for the meat). NFL Sundays and Sunday Fundays are also a favorite. They also have Wednesday Family Night and other specials. The staff (especially in the bar!) is fabulous and always make us feel welcome!
2	Service wasn't great... Salsa wasn't bad.. Food was not that great. Beans and rice looked like they came out of a bucket and beans looked like they were burnt onto the  plate. We will not be coming back here. :(
5	My personal favorite Mexican in the Valley.  Great warm chips and thick salsa.  Fantastic enchiladas (with green sauce) and consistently good service.  Always happy with our experience.
5	I called Valle Luna eight days before my husbands 50th birthday and ordered 4 ultimate party platters and fruit and veggie platters.  I cannot believe all of the food we got!  Although we did not have quite as many people as I had thought, we had a LOT of food left over.  It was well worth it.I would also like to commend the service I got.  I feel terrible, but I cannot recall the name of the gentleman with whom I spoke to finalize my order.  He asked me how many people I was having and he said that I only needed half of the fruit and veggies that I had ordered for how many people I was planning on - which saved me almost $200.  It happened to be the same gentleman who brought the food to my house and he helped get everything set up and assisted me with some good suggestions.I definitely will be ordering from Valle Luna again if I am having a party!Thanks so much!
4	Checked this place out based on a friends recommendation.  It's usually a good sign when the parking lot is free of any vacant spots.It has a nice ambience and the noise level is very tolerable.  Our waiter was very attentive and recommended both of our dishes.  (Fundido Burrito & Mexican Pizza)      Mexican pizza was very greasy - but still good.  Fundido burrito - cheese sauce - was really good.Salsa was good - reminded my wife of her favorite Mexican restaurant's in Tucson - Mi Nidito. Prices on the food were a bit steep for this style of restaurant.  However the drink prices made up for it.  Probably the best Mexican food we've had since we relocated to the valley from the Dirty T.
4	We've been to this location many times. Chips were fresh and two types of salsa were brought, both OK. We botth had the Pollo Fundito with rice and beans and it was good as always with enough for us to take home for another meal. Service was better than usual, but i forget the young guys name. Had a 2 for 1 coupon which made it a fine deal.Food and service has always been solid on all of our visits.
2	I guess you'd like this place, if you have been eating here since you were a child or have never had legitimate mexican food... We have both eaten in once and ordered take out food. Both times the food was "eh okay", service has been fine and price point is appropriate. Really not a fan of the salsa, but it seems to be an "Arizona" thing. We moved here from Texas so maybe its just preference. My biggest complaint is the place is SOOO DIRTY! I really think that the carpets, booths, pictures on the walls, everything, has been in place since the late 70's. I understand the economy and that shutting down the place for a week or two to replace everything would have a tremendous financial impact on the staff, but come on! An overnight deep clean that included the walls and carpets would seriously do this place some good! I can't even imagine, nor do I want to, what the kitchen must look like. Take the 1977 little league boy's team pictures down, scrub it all, and if you must, put it back up. Its so dimly lit in there, I imagine it looks ten times worse in the light...
4	Fresh chips and salsa.  Recommend the fundido.
1	Ordered pork tacos, cost around $12. Cold, tasted like Taco Bell, not good quality food. I think they pre-make the food, the tacos were wrapped in foil. I didn't eat it.
5	Visiting Phoenix for training class and staying in the somewhat sterile north end overrun with national chain restaurants, I was really hoping to find something local to experience rather than something I can get anywhere at home. I found the Valle Luna almost by accident but was especially impressed with the bar they have. The food is great. Try their red chili in a burrito or enchilada. The green chile and corn tamale was really good as are their tacos and machaca beef. What made the bar so special is it was always busy with really friendly people, something nice about Phoenix, the people are genuinely friendly. The staff was also really friendly and helpful, There are lots of TV screens so you can watch the sport of your choice from almost any seat in the place. Food and drinks are served soon after you order them. I will truly miss this place! It was a delightful experience in Phoenix and I would go out of my way to go there should I end up in Phoenix again.
3	Chips and salsa are good. Great happy hr. specials
5	This place is great! When I go there I always order the steak fundido with an extra side of the jalapeno cream cheese. That's one dish I will never get tired of. And for all the food you get you can't beat the price... I always wind up taking home leftovers because the meal is huge! Whether I'm dining in or getting an order to go, the service is always great and the people are very nice.
1	We were not welcomed with a smile.   Just a young girl doing her "job".  As we were seated in the back room we walked by 5 booths that were empty but not cleared of their dirty dishes.  (yuck) There seemed to be lots of help but no one was cleaning.  The place was noisy and the floors were very dirty.   The back room where we seated was small and looked like a supply closets.  Even some kind of big bucket sitting on some clean up table and a broom leaning up against the wall. Our table had spilled liquid on it that we pointed out and the hostess just grabed some napkins and wiped it off quickly.  The service was good and we liked out server until she took my drink for a refill.  I saw her carry my empty glass and another glass from another table away touching so I assumed I would get a fresh glass.  Upon returning I got my glass ( hopefully) with my straw in it. They originally served my drink and gave me a wrapped straw.The food overflowed the plate which did not look good and it was almost tasteless.  Two dinners and one lemonade was over $27 without tip.  As we left we walked by 5 young men workers near a front desk all talking to each other.  No one thanked us nor asked us to come again.  We will NOT go again.
5	Delicious! Perfect Sonoran cuisine at really great prices. 6 taco basket, loaded nachos and a cheese crisp plus three drinks for around $40. Service was super friendly and it was luckily not too packed on a Sunday afternoon. Would definitely come here again.
5	All I can say is YUMMY!!!My husband and I love going here for date night.  The good is great and so is the service.  And, as a bonus, we get coupons in the Valpak envelopes that come in the mail every month for "Buy one, Get one free" meals.  It doesn't get much better than that.
1	worst experience ever!!!! salsa was spoiled and my chicken taco was discusting... even the little i did eat i got food poisoning... will never return to this restaurant.
4	I have never been disappointed by this restaurant.   Other than being too busy, I have no complaints.
5	I love this place. The food is amazing, the service is great and the atmosphere is awesome. Try the steak fundido, it's incredible.
3	I am a regular at this Valle Luna location and tonight my boyfriend & I got pollo fundidos with black beans & rice. Usually, service is awesome and the food is great. Tonight was fundido night so maybe that's why they just weren't up to par tonight. Also, the server brought us refried beans instead of black and asked if we wanted another drink when we were clearly ready for the check. Like I said, I'm a regular and tip well, but might not go back for a while because of tonight. Very disapppinted.
5	About the BEST Mexican Food Restaurant in the Phoenix area. We've tried pretty much every Mexican Food Restaurant in the Valley. Excellent service, Good Quality Food that tastes amazing. The Chili Shrimp dish is awesome. Great hot sauce!! Happy Hour is pretty crowded but worth the wait.
5	I've almost everything on the menu and you can't go wrong ordering anything here. I am a huge red chile lover and I swear Valle Luna has the best red chile in town! I just recently tried the green chile and that's fabulous too! Now my biggest dilemma is do I go with the red or green chile? First world problems.
1	Decent ambience. Mediocre service. Terrible food. All the meat was overlooked and had no flavor. We ordered fajitas and fundido. They were inedible. I didn't even bother sending them back. Would not return - even if I was starving
4	I came on a Tuesday evening and since I am over 50 (barely) dinner was 1/2 off. Amazing. The waitress recommended a Chimichanga with shredded beef.  Loved it. And the white death margarita was great and it was pretty big. Good stop. I recommend this place if you are looking for a friendly family Mexican restaurant.  Bill came to $15.  What a deal!
3	Valle Luna has quintessential Americanized Mexican food... and sometimes that's just what I crave.  My hubby and I stop by when we get the hankering for a cheap Mexican beer or a margarita.  We always eat in the bar because they always have good drink  specials and they have TV's on every wall that are easily seen at pretty much every seat.  The food is nothing amazing, but I like the chunky salsa and the beans.  Although we've had several different servers, our orders have been messed up multiple times.  We don't mind it as much though, because the servers are always apologetic and quickly remedy the situation.
5	Mexican food, my new favorite!!  We got here during the dinner rush and had to wait about 15 minutes but it wasn't too bad.The service was excellent and the recommendations the server provided blew my socks off. The nachos with REAL cheese, not that velveeta crap was tasty. The fundido dish I had was HUGE! And tasted sooo good!!I will most definitely bring my family here when we vacation here in the near future.
5	The food is always great.  The bar has great happy hour specials.  They have excellent machaca beef.  The chimichangas and fajitas are my favorite.  This our "go to" mexican restaurant!
5	Michala was our server tonight. As busy as it was she didn't miss a beat. Great service! Thank you
3	Very good food for the price.  My only disappointment were the Spinach Enchiladas.  The menu said the ingredients included potatoes & zuchinni - but mine were only spinach and cheese.  Tasty, but I would have loved the additional flavors to off set the cheese.Great service, good prices.  I would go again, but would clarify ingredients with my server prior to placing my order.
3	Been here a few times now, and the food is pretty consistent. Basic Mexican food decently cooked. The Chimi's are great and the service has always been very good. Why 3 Stars ?  Their Chimis are good for the price, but not my #1 Chimi... Their "free" chips and salsa are ok, chips kind of THICK, but hey, free... Last order was the Chili Relleno, and the batter was meh...I will be back, but this isnt a normal stop for me. Gotta be craving some Mexican food, and not feel like driving to Carolinas or Abuelos, which, u should find my reviews for them.... Still better than Macayos n Garcias, but just shy of 3.5 stars for me....
4	Easily one of the better Latin/Mexican restaurants in the area.Menu selection is large with very good service, prices are affordable, and with the amount of food you get- a bargain.Burrito was a little sloppy and oily, but palatable. Tacos seemed a little more healthier, but lacked the content of the best tacos (not enough lettuce, meat)
5	I have been going here since I was a little girl and I still love the food here. Definitely some of the best Mexican food that I have had around here. Don't even know a good comparison to this place. They are often busy on the weekends but the service is usually pretty consistent! I often crave this place and I wish it was closer to me so I could end that craving ):
4	When I crave Mexican Food this is the place I love to eat .  They are always consistently good! It's a great place to grab happy hour too....I enjoy the mini bandito burros and the mini taco basket with the jalapeno cream cheese dip and a few margs to go with it....Yummy!!  I find coupons every now and then but even without a coupon the prices are reasonable. I felt I needed to review because it isn't a chain and I support family owned and a great place to eat! I would recommend it if you are looking for a decent Mexican Restaurant!!
1	Wow! Where to even start. First I'm not a picky eater so I ate. Salsa was old and the cilantro that was in it was almost black. I got shrimp tacos: tortilla are cheap I had to make my own taco, and it came with lettuce! Really? Where's the cabbage like it suppose to come with. And no limes on the side. After I was done with my toco I had a random bowl of cilantro brought in. If I could give this place a zero I would. Totally white people ingredients and style of cooking Mexican. First and last time I come here.
4	Came for Thursday night happy hour with the girls. Very very crowded. But enjoyed the drinks and the prices even more!
1	I used to really enjoy this restaurant.....In high school 10 years ago.. We recently made a special visit to celebrate a birthday with a party of 13.. When we called to make a reservation, they informed us that they didn't make them.. So we showed up half an hour earlier than we wanted to make sure our party could get a table only to find out that apparently a party that large required a reservation and the wait was over an hour.. When I asked who answered the phones the young idiot lady said it's always different.. I asked her to explain herself about reservations and she sounded like she was high with her explanation of that they sometimes make them and sometimes don't and tonight they had 4 but sometimes don't use them.. I told her she made absolutely no sense at all!!! It was embarrassing to listen to her speak.. Half of out party had arrived by this point and we called Top Shelf down the street and they said they could get us right in so we told them we were leaving and were not happy with their service and they didn't care.. At any rate, we walked in the door at Top Shelf with 13 people (two children) and were seated right away.. Unacceptable.. No matter if their restaurant is always busy or not, this should have been rectified prior to us leaving..
4	I'm a huge fan of "Sunday Funday" in Valle Luna's cantina. It's happy hour all day and they have good specials. The $4.50 Margarita is my favorite drink and I love the bandito burros with their fantastic guac. The reason why I gave them a 4 is because I went tonight and was a bit irritated that they told us their meat filling for their chimichangas or whatever they put the fillings in are pre-made and the cooks would not make it to order. My boyfriend hates onions to the point of not eating whatever it is if the tiniest bit of onion is found. We asked if they could make a chicken chimi without onions and not only did the waitress say no, she didn't even ask. I don't know if that's laziness on her part or if she's asked so many times already that she already knows the answer. Then she explained that the chicken was pre-made, but if we order the pollo, that's not pre-made. That was rather confusing but I think we figured out it's a chicken breast that they grill and shred for the dish instead of the mix of white and dark meat they usually use. I will definitely keep coming back to the cantina for their Sunday specials. They're the best around. However, if you have someone with you with food allergies, I don't know how accommodating they are for you and I think a restaurant should be able to make your food to order.
1	I've been here a few times in the past. This is by far the worst experience ever.  It took 40 minutes + to get our food. Damage control should have been the waiters priority. Instead we got a "sorry". I don't see myself coming back here anytime soon. Very disappointed all the way around.
3	I came to Arizona to visit my family, it was my first time here and first time out and about. So we stopped in here to get some lunch and watch NCAA Basketball finals. The drinks were good. Service was friendly. Didnt really care for the chips and salsa though. I forgot what dish I had but its a local favorite (it says that on the menu) But its a flour tortilla with your choice of meat (I had Chicken, would have been better with shredded chicken) and cream cheese and deep fried. Not healthy by any means but so delicious.
3	We go here and Top Shelf a bunch.  It's ok.  I usually get the chimi for dinner and it's great.  Service is usually good.  Can't complain.  Chips and salsa is ok.  Decent place to get average Mexican food.
5	Best happy hour amazing wings number 1 in phoenix bar service was good even though they were slammed busy great pricing 5.50 for 12 wings yes please happy hour was 3-7 I think but it was so good will be back I don't know why this days they are closed but it was amazing!
4	I knew this place must be great when I arrived and the parking lot was packed. The bar was filled and I waited about 20 minutes for a table. Not too bad right in the middle of dinner time and the food was worth the wait. Service was also very good. This is a gem of a Mexican restaurant.
5	The food here is pretty dang delicious.  It tastes like something that I would make at home, and I am a dang good cook!!  The boyfriend took me here on date night last night and for 7:30pm on a Friday, we only waited for about 10 min for a table.  You can make a reservation if you have 8 or more people (FYI).  I ordered a margarita on the rocks and it wasn't too bad.  The chimichanga was really really good!!  I branched out from enchiladas and I wasn't disappointed.  Next time I want to try their tamales.  Our waiter was great.  He wasn't super chirpy and annoying (don't get me wrong- I love nice people but the super peppy dutch brother workers are the only ones that don't make me cringe) and he got everything right.  Very pleasant!!Their salsa is my favorite.  I love cilantro and theirs has a perfect amount!!   I really couldn't have asked for a better night or better service.
4	I love this place. Great Mexican food, just love it... The staff is attentive and friendly. We go there often, can not beat the pollo fundido.
4	I came here a few weeks back and simply got too busy to do this review. I went with my wife prior to her going to work for a dinner. I've heard this place was one of the best in Phoenix and have been trying to come here for the past 10 years. I'm glad I finally managed it, but upset that it took so long.I was immediately struck by the decor in the place. It is unique, yet what I would expect. I did like it quite a bit though.The chips and salsa were very good and I had to get some to go. I've never felt compelled to do that before, so that should say something.I had the steak Chimichanga dinner with a shredded beef taco on the side. The taco was to die for. It was perfect! The shredded beef was actually better than the steak and if I order it again I will skip the steak.My wife had the Fundido and ordered it with Chicken. She received steak. She didn't mind because she thought it was so good. We did let the waitress know, but that was all we heard about it. Once she tried my taco, she came to the same conclusion - the steak is good, but the shredded beef is much better!Overall I can't say this was my favorite place, but it certainly was good and I will return.
5	One of our favorite places for Mexican food in the valley. Great seasoning in their food. Terrific salsa... We have never had anything off the menu that has not been excellent. Margaritas are good too.... not the best in the valley, but definitely good.
4	I just recently stopped in with a group of 9 people on sat night and we didn't have to wait at all for 2 booths in the cantina. Stevie was our server and she was very nice and patient as well as efficient. I love servers that can take an order in there head without writing anything down. My girlfriend and I split the fundido which was amazing! We will have to come back for the happy hour which looks awesome!
3	I've dined at this location over the past 10 years for the causal after work get together, birthday dinners, and other large family events. The service and food have been excellent on all our dine in visits.However, on 4/13/14, my to go order was less than satisfactory, as was the follow up with the owner on 4/23/14.I didn't check the order before leaving because I've never had cause to check it. After arriving home in El Mirage, I found half the order of the Sonoran Todo missing, and what was present, was severely overcooked and soggy. It looked liked Freddy Kruger had a stroke while packaging the order. The food was just smashed together. Because half the order was missing, we didn't have enough to feed everyone. I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager who was very professional and took ownership of the situation. He offered to make another order which I turned down because of the distance and time back to the restaurant and home again. He offered to take down my receipt number, items ordered, and dollar amount of the full order. He advised he would send this information to HR and they would call me in a day to discuss my experience and send me a gift check for the full order.The total order was $19.17 for the sonoran todo and a side of rice and beans. This was not a huge amount, but I still wanted satisfaction for the money and time spent.The next week a gift check arrived for $15.00, without a letter or explanation. I also never received a phone call.Today, I called HR and spoke to one of the owners, Janie. I briefly recounted my experience and why I was calling. Janie stated in a matter of fact tone she recalled my order and sent out $15.00. I told her I was told by the manager I would be given the full amount of the order and a phone call from HR, which is why Is calling today.Janie very strongly told me that managers are not authorized to give out amounts of a refund, that it has to come from the owners. She also repeated she had sent the check for $15.00, as if that should be the end of the discussion.I advised her that I had been coming to that location for 10 years, going out of my way now being located in El Mirage, and that I should be given what I had been told I would get. I also was very disappointed with the initial service when I got the order, and again when I didn't receive a phone call to follow up on my poor experience.She  curtly asked me what it was that I wanted, to which I replied $19.17. She said fine, I'll send another check for $5, and hung up the phone.My reason for posting this review is not to discourage people from eating at Valle Luna. It's a fine establishment, with great food and employees. You should eat there if you never have tried it. Accidents happen, and sometimes there are less than satisfactory experiences.My reason for posting this review is for the poor response from the owner. I have worked in the customer service field for over 15 years, 10 at the same company. Perhaps I expect too much from others because of the standard set by my employer. I would never cut off a customer, talk over them, use a rude and condescending tone, and then hung up them with nary a goodbye.If the roles had been reversed, I would have thanked the customer for calling, expressed regret over their experience, took ownership, apologized and empathized. If within my power, which as owner it is, I would have graciously offered an additional amount, expressed thanks for giving us another chance to do better, and wished a pleasant experience the next time.Janie is on my wall of shame for poor customer treatment.As it's been said before, the check is in the mail. We'll see how the next time goes, and hope the next time Janie speaks with a customer, they'll receive better treatment.
3	Exceeded my expectations I am very particular about the places I choose to eat at, I drive most of my friends crazy.  I was apprehensive when  my friends suggested Valle Luna for lunch. I had always seen cupons and  specials but never went there to eat. Finally tried Valle Luna and happily, it exceeded my expectations. Service was great; chips & drinks were served quickly. The flatas were topped with sour cream, guacamole, and cheese and we're  good, as were the asada tacos. The portions at Valle Luna are generous enough to have a little leftover for the next day. I was pleasantly surprised at the service, quality, and ample portions. For american style mexican food Valle Luna was good. Definitely going back again!
4	My boyfriend and I come here pretty often. We absolutely love the fundido sauce, it is sinfully delicious! Love the cantina especially when it's not so busy. The service is usually good and the huge yummy portions are enough to keep us coming back. Love the buy 1 get 1 coupons we get in the mail!
1	Valle Luna just lost our business.  Never-mind that they would not accept the Restaurants.com certificate from Valle Luna...the service sucked and the food was bland and tasteless. We have been customers at Valle Luna on Bell Rd for years, and the service and food is steadily declining.  Our waitress had no personality, was barely friendly, put her fingers and a potholder in our meals, our drink cups and the chips and salsa were empty most of the time.  The enchilada sauce was completely bland tasted like it was strait from a can.  Barely any meat in the taco or tamales.  The kids plates could not be considered a meal, maybe a snack, but definitely not worth 4.50.  On this visit we did not have to wait to be seated, like we normally do, and I think I can see why, if the food and service are this bad all the time now it is not worth the money.  I think the only thing keeping them in business is the happy hour drinks and menus.I will not be going back again, Valle Luna you just lost a customer.  I will be going to Manual's, or Macayo's, or any one of the other Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.  I don't need to pay through the nose for bad service and so so food.
5	Sit in the bar, they have best staff and the Happy Hour is amazing.  My entire family is here at least once a week due to HH and the staff.  Brian, Joe, Dese, Ashley, Stevie... This place wouldn't be the same without them.  Because of the amazing experience I have brought my team from work, 15+.  They agree they have never been so taken care of in a restaurant before.
1	IF I COULD HAVE GIVEN THEM NO STARS, I WOULD HAVE DONE THAT! DO NOT COME HERE!!! We had a bad experience in the Bell Rd location, I came home and sent an e-mail complaint in and was IGNORED! I sent in a second complaint and was sent back a LONG letter attacking my complaint in the first place. I have news for these OWNERS- With customer service like this you will close soon. One thing BILL said to me was no one else complained about that nights service. I can tell you with complete confidence, no one else may have complained but I guarantee there were other people that will just not come back. THE LETTER THAT CAME BACK WAS RUDE, AGGRESSIVE, SELF INDULGENT AND HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. Terrible that they have such an inflated self ego that they do not care and even worse yet feel inclined to attack anyone who did not like their experience at this establishment. Shame on Bill and Janie RIddle
4	I have been going here for years.  This place reminds me of the Mexican restaurants I used to go to as a kid in California.  Chips are Salsa are pretty good, but I am a big fan of their burritos...some of the best that I have had in the valley!
3	We ate here on a Friday night during happy hour.  The happy hour taco basket was ok, but greasy.  The Mexican pizza was better.  We also had two orders of Pollo Fundito and those were horrible.  Very little meat, cheese or cream cheese sauce (see attached picture) Our service was great though and margaritas were decent.  The mini bean burritos were surprisingly the best that night...Brian, our server, was very attentive and helpful- apologizing for the poor quality of food and told us it was normally much better.  Without the good service, I would've given this place only one star- which is disappointing since I have gone here with my family since I was a child and the food quality has gone down hill since then.
4	I will start this review by letting the readers know that I have been eating at Valle Luna for about 25 years.  I have never had a bad meal here, but some have been better than others. I'm not sure if it's the kitchen staff, or just me; but sometimes the food looks like what you would expect to see in a TV commercial, and other times it's just sitting there on the plate.  Please don't misunderstand me, the food has always been tasty, but sometimes you look at it and you can't wait to dig in; and other times you look at it and go "meh..."My wife and I went this past Friday for a lunch date; Jr's in school, and we can play hooky and have lunch and adult conversation.One thing I absolutely love about the Bell Rd. location, is when you step inside.  Old school Mexican restaurant!  The place is dark and cool, just the thing I want when walking across the parking lot in August.  We were quickly seated and chips, salsa, and hot sauce were there immediately.  The chips were fresh and hot.  My wife likes their salsa because it's flavorful and mild.  I like the hot sauce, good flavor and a little heat.  I do like the fact that Valle Luna brings both.  Many restaurants you have to ask for the hot sauce, and then you get a little bowl.My wife and I both had lunch specials.  She had 2 shredded beef tacos w/ rice and beans.  I had the "burro de la casa" (red chile) which was served enchilada style w/ rice and black beans (You get a choice of 3 different beans!); and because I was feeling extra hungry, a shredded beef taco also.  The tacos were stuffed w/ shredded beef and the usual toppings (lettuce, tomato, shredded cheese).  The tacos were very good, lots of favorable beef and juicy.  The red chile burro was excellent.  I have always loved Valle Luna's red chile, I would give it 5 stars by itself.  The cubes of beef were very tender, and the red chile sauce is just amazing.  The earthy, rich flavor of their red chile has been equalled by few and surpassed by none.  It reminds me of the red chile you get in New Mexico.  I wish I could make red chile like this!Our server (Claire K) was friendly,fast and efficient.  She took our orders, had our food out fast, and kept up on the re-fills of drinks and chips.  I have always had great service at this Valle Luna and I'm glad to see this hasn't changed.I like Valle Luna, they are a constant in the sea of change that is Phoenix, AZ.  Consistently good food, consistently good service.  Instead of re-inventing themselves, they concentrate on putting out good food at fair prices.  I will keep the faith.
5	One of my friends raved about this place as she grew up here, so we made our way on a Friday night. She enjoys the specials in the bar area, which can become really crowded and loud at times. The food and drink are top notch, and twice we have had the same waiter, Joe who takes great care of us.The food is top notch,  I haven't had anything I didn't love yet, and my friend is very familiar with the menu and all of her recommendations are right on par. It's one of my new favorite places to go. They also have take out, a restaurant part and outdoor area. You can tell why this place is always busy, because even the chips and salsa are fresh. Can't wait to go again!
5	This is probably the Best mexican food in this area. I have been coming here since I was a wee little Tot, and it salsa is amazing. I would recommend this place to everyone even if it is just for the chips salsa and (white death) signature margarita on the rocks. It truly is amazing and they have great healthy options as well, such as there calabacitas, seafood, and chicken options.Even if you don not go for lunch or Dinner, they have a very good cheap breakfast with eggs, bacon, sausage, and more.
3	Food is great, but the inside of the place kinda smells like mouse poop. I always leave wondering if there are rodents because of the smell or the place is just old. Wish theyd fix that. Otherwise, id absolutely visit more often. Service is great, bar service awesome. Specials and selections are Right On.
4	Didn't care for the fact that we made reservations 36 hours in advance so that we could get there and told to wait while they set up for us. Is my expectation too high? I still like the food and service though.
4	I love this place, I have for a long time. Even now with my dietary restrictions they still have decent choices. I ordered the lunch chicken fajitas with no dairy items and no peppers. It was still amazing, the chicken was juicy and spiced just right and the onions....ohhh how I love perfectly carmelized onions. I didnt even want the tortillas, it didn't need it. The rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The beans could've been a little creamier and fresh tasting, while they weren't horrible, they weren't great. All in all it was a great lunch with plenty to take home. I will definitely be back.
2	I had high hopes for this place since I have visited here before. I ordered the taco salad with chicken. When it came out the cheese looked un appetizing, The tortilla bowl they served my guac and sour cream in was already soaking from the chicken juice. The salad was warm and soggy. I also had to get up to ask for more water after she had stopped by to see how everyone was doing drink wise. Hopefully this can be improved. I will not be ordering this dish again.
5	Delicious food, strong drinks (even during happy hour!) and great prices. Valley Luna has been and always will be a staple in my list of awesome places to eat. It gets very busy during happy hour, but the waitstaff always remains attentive and very friendly. Try it out if you're in the area!
4	Long time fan of Valle Luna.  I love feeding the ducks chips!  Oops, ur not supposed to feed the ducks....  Anyways.  The Happy hour is prolly in my top 5 for the entire valley.  I especially love "Cardinal" home games on Sunday.  Happy hour is all day and they always have drink specials.  Unlike alot of so called Happy hours in the valley, you actually leave here "HAPPY".  The Fundido is a for sure hit with the newbies and I really like the Chimis.  Give them a try.  I go to the one on Dobson and Ray in Chandler. :)
4	Valle Luna has always been one of my favorite restaurants. We get buy one, get one free coupons in the mail so we try to go once a month. We met my parents there for lunch today and they were pretty busy. They sat us back in the Cortez area where I have never sat before in all my years of coming here. It was a little noisy back there but once the family with the kids next to us left, it was a lot quieter. Our table was a little wobbly (pet peeve) and I thought it smelled a little strange in there... like cleaning products? I'd rather smell fajitas. But the chips & salsa were good as always, and I ordered my usual: two chicken enchiladas with rice & beans and no garnish. The food was delicious as always, although there were a lot more onions inside than normal. Took one enchilada home with me to eat the next day. Service was good up until the end, it took her awhile to bring us the check. But overall, a good meal. I wish there was a Valle Luna in the west valley!
1	Worst service worst food ever you call yourself a restaurant almost compares to eating out of a garbage can and our server told us under his breath to go to hell when we asked about food quality ... I wish I knew his name
4	I was having a craving for some tacos on the way home and found myself here! I ordered some take out and got the chicken tacos and they were delicious! interested to try out some other things on the menu! I also got some spinach dip and chips and salsa ! perfect snack as I kick back and watch some tv!
2	I have eaten at Valle  Luna thousands of times over the years. I grew up a few blocks away. Not its one of those places where it's like a last resort to goto. They have lowered their quality to near bottom of the barrel from meat to produce. I think it's because they run the buy one get on free coupons all the time. The service here is also hit or miss.
5	Excellent visit to Valle Luna Friday night. The parking lot was completely full, but we managed to grab a spot in the front as someone was leaving. The hostess told us 10-15 min, but we only waited about 5. They removed the big take-out counter in the waiting area and put in more seating since we were last here, so it seems a bit more roomy. They also took a lot of the pictures/plaques down. The chips were really good! Tasted fresh and delicious. I got the chicken chimi (no garnish or guac) with rice and beans. It was awesome! Also had a few of my boyfriend's steak nachos... so yummy. Used our buy-one-get-one coupon. Got iced teas to go. Kayla was a very good server. My only problem with this meal was that I ate too much!
4	Been going here since I was a kid and I love this place! Some of the best Mexican Food in the Valley and the service is pretty good.
3	Have eaten there multiple times. Food is hit and miss, mostly hit. Nothing on the menu was particularly remarkable.  Average "Mexican" food. Have never had an issue with the servers,  prompt and attentive. Can get really busy at dinner time so prepare for a wait.
2	The two stars are for the good waitstaff and the fantastic decor.  The food was not so good.    I got a pork fundido and dinner companion got the steak fundido.   The meat in both was awful.  Pork was hard and chewy. According to companion the steak was not much better than hamburger.  And beans and rice came with the meal.however there were literally just 2 teaspoons worth of beans.  Although the decor is nice and the waitstaff were good the food not too good.  Would not go back
5	Top 2 joints to go too. Good happy hour and good environment. Excellent food at a great price
