4	What can i say? The service was amazing with super friendly wait staff (the only moody one was the guy at the host desk!) the food was supurb with really good size portions, that you can actually finish if you're hungry! Good wine list and even better deserts. This resturant is worth the money, our bill for 2 came to $90 with garlic bread, calamari, salads, pasta, deserts and a bottle of very good chianti.
4	A friend took me for a little local experience. The place has a funky old style charm. The service was good. The portions decent. The food was tasty. It was typical American style southern Italian fare.  We had a booth, which I liked, but it was near the bar with poker machines and television, however the noise wasn't so bad. Over all a good experience.
3	Skye hipped me 2 this joint on my last visit 2 Vegas...I must say, I was impressed...They had a lil showcase goin on wit sum kids singing & it felt like we were at the 'filming of American Idol'...These kids could blow...As far as the restaurant, we were there 4 lunch & the food was delicious...But Skye was tellin me bout the dinner ambience...I'll B back 4 that & the Lobster Raviolis...Yeah, I heard about them...I had the Bootlegger special & the Minestrone  was on point...By far, the best I've had...The Lasagne was delicious 2...Couldn't complain 2 much except 4 the ADD Waiter that we had...But the rest of the Waiters looked like they had their sheit 2gether...I'd definitely B back...
5	As a new resident to the area i stumbled into bootlegger's one night and i instantly fell in love. a full menu 24 hours a day? the nicest staff in vegas. what's not to love? then, after reading a little more about the place, i find that it has a great reputation and has been around forever. everytime i have guests come and visit us in vegas (which has been very often) i ALWAYS take them here first to get acquainted etc etc. i am also a frequent very very late night visitor and the staff working the very late shift is awesome. very attentive and friendly and the food is always perfect ...even at 4am in the morning!! my mouth in watering just thinking about the next item i wan to order. try sitting at the bar late at night...the video poker odds are very good. my $5 investment lasts me the whole time i'm there. i guess that another plus. anyway, take my advice and try bootleggers out one night. i have tried all the overpriced/hyped places on the strip so far...YET...i always come back to bootleggers for real service and exceptional food. you won't be disappointed.
3	It is with pleasure that I write this first review. On a Sunday night, my friends and I attempted to find quality Italian food and found the Bootlegger Bistro sitting in a loud corner of not much else. The atmosphere was dark and the music all over the place. At one point they started to play 90's rock after getting tired of playing the same jazz hit 5 times in an hour. The service was lacking. The waitress seemed to have forgotten us much of the time and sitting there, we distinctly thought we could smell a waft of the good old ganja. She seemed really happy anyway...Vic called for the Bootlegger Hot Mixed Antipasti. Bland. The Toasted Ravioli might as well have been slightly stale pasta flavored Playdough with very basic marinara used for everything that night. The House Specialty Shrimp wasn't exactly special. Though the calamari was not bad. Not over cooked and normal enough to be edible.I ordered Manicotti Infornati because I love ricotta wrapped in pasta and served with marinara, but I found that the ricotta was underwhelming and the marinara was lacking in herbs. My main course was overall a thorough disappointment considering that the plates were priced a little heavier than I like. (I like inexpensive. Inexpensive is the joy of students). We waffled back and forth on dessert and in the end, we succumbed to our dark love of sweets. One was a Cannoli that had a strong taste of orange liqueur. Maybe Grand Marnier. The liqueur taste was strong, but for once, I was pleased and even infatuated with it. But that's if you're an orange flavor lover like me. The moment of sheer beauty and bliss however, was our Tiramisu. Absolutely fantastic and the reason why this restaurant has 3 stars. There was a distinct flavor of alcohol, but it was superbly balanced with the sweetness and that richness that is Tiramisu. It was in a word: transcendent. I have never found Tiramisu to be an appealing dessert till now, but every time I near Vegas, that will be one of the highlights of all my trips. The Tiramisu.It's actually 2.5 for the price range.V reminded me: the either discriminated against us for either age or race (not sure which) because the hospitality was definitely lacking with only our table as the host floated from diner to diner except our group and shook hands with everyone as they left except for us.
4	I only go to this place to take advantage of their decent graveyard specials.  We once came here early (10:30pm) and they handed us the regular menu.  After doing a quick once over, we opted to go for a drink at the bar only to come back a bit later to receive the graveyard menu.  It would be funny if they could receive an award like "Voted Best Place for Italian at 3:30am 2007".  Cuz that's the award I would give them.
5	ok, i like the whole package.i thought the food was really good. i enjoyed our appitizer of a calzone (it was huge, so we packed half to take home). i ordered the fet alfredo with prawns; it was great - large pieces of shrimp and tasty alfredo sauce. my fiance went traditional, and thought the spaghetti with meatballs was darn good.heres what gave it my 5 stars - the mood of the restaurant... the service was pretty good, but got better when we were greeted by one of the managers - a big italian guy that you would expect to see in a place like this. and then, there was lounge singers - YES. call me crazy, but i really enjoyed it, very frankie blue eyes... Rat Pack-ish...its what i expected out of a vegas italian joint - it did not disappoint.
5	3 am ... no din din earlier, SO and I are hungry ..."chinese" she says ...no...no..no ..not again ...not ping pang pong...not harbor palace...no !  I want me some good 'ol school italian ...only been to BB in the daytime ...had classic spaghetti and meatballs, started with fried calamari. SO had shrimp and fettucini ....all good !!  it's, simple. working class, but tastes great !!total cost $36 ....no drinks
4	Have tried this place twice on separate visits with the hubbie. Food is good --traditional Italian restaurant like many you'd find in New York neighborhoods (that is meant as a compliment!)  Pasta, baked pasta (like eggplant parm), chicken and veal (sorrento, franchese etc. etc.)  In fact all the usual suspects at prices much lower than you'll find on the Strip.    Don't know why it is called "bistro" there is nothing bistro or French about it.  Bootlegger sticks with the "Old style" with pianist and general atmosphere reminiscent of the "good" old days.   Room is darkish, ornate in that Little Italy style and has a largish bar.  Walls adorned with pics. of honored grandparents who started a restaurant when Vegas was more than a little different than today's mega-hotels and Disney-land casinos.Not for hipsters or people who like "adventurous" food--but good if you want a meal that is familiar, good and inexpensive.  Service is prompt and professional and wait staff are experienced.It is close by one of the outlet shopping centers and is open 24 hours a day--which seems odd--but there you are.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas. The old Vegas vibe, the food, the staff, the music (on the right night) make this a great experience.South of the strip, but worth the trip. :)
3	Okay read a lot about this place on the internet. Went there at midnight for their late night special.  They started you out with some marinara sauce with chuncks of bread.  My friend had the raviolis and i had the vegetable lasagna. The food was not bad the portions a little bit small. All in all I'd say that it's a good place to go for any late night italian cravings.
5	This is a great escape from the strip: It's easy to get to, the decor is nice, and the folks are really friendly. Last Saturday during dinner, we were surrounded by groups of locals celebrating birthdays, etc. Bootlegger doesn't serve high-end Italian cuisine, and they don't pretend to. The classic menu items are reliably good, and the prices are reasonable. My husband mentioned that we wanted to share a salad and an entree of spaghetti and meatballs, and they split them for us very nicely at no extra charge. I'd suggest asking for their plain bread, which has a nice crunchy crust: Otherwise, they'll bring you butter-soaked bread bites for dipping in their tasty marinara sauce -- the plain bread was much better.
4	Went here on a Sunday night and they had 40s/50s/60s live music playing.  Great place to bring a date, have some wine and enjoy the live music.  Food is really good, but a little salty.
3	I was looking for a change of pace from the typical Strip hotel coffee shop menu.  I was craving some italian and Bootlegger was reccommended to me.  The restaurant is located south of the Strip, about 10 minutes drive south of Mandalay Bay.  Ordered lasagna and  minestrone soup.  Also got some comlimentary garlic rolls that were pretty decent. The soup and lasagna were merely okay, not really stand-outish.  Filled me up but nothing special.Overall, I would say that Bootlegger is an okay italian place that's open 24/7 if you're craving a late nite fix, but not really a destination place.
3	I've been here 3 times. The fettuccine alfredo is pretty good, the lasagna is decent, but the chicken parmesan leaves much to be desired. The service has always been good and the ambiance is nice. The big booths make me feel like im in some mob movie. haha. One time i was there they had a live jazz band which was pretty cool. It gave the restaurant a nice vibe, and the band was pretty good.  It is nice to get away from olive garden once in a while.
4	We went to Vegas for New Year's and didn't have our trip planned out and couldn't figure out where to eat for NYE.  Bootlegger was highly recommended to us by several different people so we decided to check it out.  We had a GREAT time there.  Dinner was traditional Italian and pretty good, but what really made the difference was the attention we received from the staff and Sean Grady.  He did everything to make sure we were taken care of and had a good time.  Sean even gave us ideas of what to do after dinner-I can't even begin to tell you how helpful he was to us.
2	I have been to this place 4 or 5 times sense I lived in Vegas. The last few times I went the service was not very good. The last time was the worst we came on our lunch hour, and the place was dead I saw only one other person at the bar so we figured this shouldn't be a long wait or anything, oh but was a long wait. We walked in nobody to seat us even though the sign at the door says please wait to be seated, after waiting a bit....we proceeded to the bar area and got the bar tenders attention, and asked if they where serving lunch. Yes they where,....."Oh great, can we sit on the patio?" Finally a nice day in vegas where sitting on the patio was a good idea, well not that day because he never told the waitress she had customers outside, finally we go back in and she comes out. After placing our order and waiting a long time for our food, she never checked up on us and our food was very mediocre. In the past I had a good time here but the food was never spectacular and neither was the service, with this last time I feel safe to say- no thanks to bootlegger.
2	I can tell you what is not to love about bootlegger. I have been to many different Italian Restaurants in my lifetime but NEVER EVER have I been to one that gave you a plate of spaghetti with ONE little meatball! That is not Italian. Italians are very generous with their portions and give you either two or three good size meataballs! The guy who sat us needed some lessons in customer service. He had no personality whatsoever! My husband is really outgoing and greets everyone with a smile. This guy that seated us had the most deadpan facial expression I have ever seen in my life. I read some of the reviews and wondered if maybe the ones that gave this restaurant 5 stars were friend or relatives of the owners of this place. I just don't get it.The food was nothing to rave over and the service was just average. I'm sure I will not be returning to this place. If you want a nice place for good Italian food and more than one meatball go to Dean's place or Minutos!
1	Nothing but Mama Luke's here.  The kind of place you frequent and take of employees and get no respect. Don't waste your time here. Unless you call ahead and make sure Ralph is not working. Then, there is actually a bartender who takes care of you and is a decent guy. The food is good if your at the point of the evening that you no longer taste. However, the seafood pizza is exceptional! Anything else I'd recommend you to stop by the freezer section of 7 eleven and microwave it.
1	If you like big old plates of tasteless food, go ahead.  Ordered shrimp scampi, shrimp was overcooked, tasteless, and expensive.  They sat us way too close to the door going in and out of the kitchen, and we got to hear the waiters talking about patrons.
3	Italian food is one of my favorites and their seafood dishes do not pass my standards. The baked mostaciolli is good, very cheesy. The pizza is average but it has a great crust. Stick to the basics like pasta with simple sauces and you will not get disappointed. They have great entertainment on certain nights. Former lieutenant governor of Nevada Lorraine Hunt owns this place.
2	We stumbled across this place on our way out of Vegas. We were looking for a place to grab a quick lunch before driving through the desert, and Bootleggers was one of the last places we saw before hitting I-5. Their lasagna was untraditional, or at least, not what I expect from a lasagna dish. The pasta was rolled around the meat, with the sauce compacted onto one side of the dish. We didn't find the meat until we had eaten all the sauce, so we were left with a pile of pasta and dry meat. It was unappetizing. I also had a turkey sandwich, which was fine, as far as turkey sandwiches go. I did really enjoy the french fries, although I have a sneaky suspicion that they were of the frozen variety.Anyway, I'll probably never come back to Bootlegger's; it's out of the way, and it just wasn't that good.
3	Decent breakfast. Nothing I would run from the law for though. My frittatas di Maria was a little greasy, but my wifes Italian French toast was good. Service was good, but I wouldn't rush back here anytime soon. If you are in a pinch, go for it. If not, go to IHOP.
2	Aw hell nah.I had some wonderful company, and that's probably the saving grace of this meal.We started with house Chianti, which was pretty good.  We were brought these fried balls of dough that were accompanied by a marinara sauce of some sort.  They were pretty oily, but because I was hungry, I grabbed the smallest one on the plate.I chose the linguine with white clam sauce.  When it arrived, it looked like linguine with canned clams poured on top.  There were 4 fingernail sized clams in their shells, but that was it.  The rest of it looked like canned clams.  A big difference from the same dish I recently ordered in Seattle, where there were a ton 'o clams, all in their shell.  Kudos to our server, who was very nice and polite.  But the food?  Just don't order what I had.Should'a gone to The Yardhouse....
3	The food here is decent but inconsistent. There are times its pretty good and times it is just OK. The bar and late night entertainment makes Bootlegger worth visiting.  Its worth checking out or if you are in the mood for late night food and entertainment or just a place to relax and drink after work.  The service is usually pretty good but can also be inconsistent at times. Stick to the servers you know.  fairly large dining area and they have outside seating if you are up for that.
4	We were staying off the strip for a competition and looking for a "locals restaurant". The front desk recommending this place to us. Heck, he gave us a coupon for a free bottle of vino with our meal(I wonder how much grease he gets per referral). It was walking distance from our hotel. The food was great! The food there reminds me of the old Pernicano's in San Diego. Lot's of Rat Pack era memorabilia on the wall. A great menu and wine list. Our waiter Richard was top notch. I would recommend this place to anyone....
3	This is one of the few late night eat outs in Vegas. They'll always be there after all the party ends. Aside from the typical cafes at the casinos, this is a pretty chilled place with classic Italian food. They've been opened 24/7 since the 1940s. A definite mom n pops shop kind of restaurant/bar. I had the cheese and meat ravioli with their special sauce. It's good and there's no complaint but of course I'm not like blown away. I would say that they're classic comfort Italian food. Aside from this we also had the steak & eggs with potatoes. This on the other hand was pretty amazing. The potatoes were well seasoned (herbs). Steak was pretty well marinated. A definite good breakfast. This is way better than Denny's or Ihops quality for sure.Basically a nice place to chill in the wee morning that is off the strip. Very laid back with awesome people and service. If you don't want fast food or pay for those overpriced cafes...then this is the place to crash.
5	Stopped for lunch after getting into town. It's just off the Strip so you don't have to deal with a crowd of people. They brought bread to our table almost before we sat down. Everything was very fast service- wise. I had their Italian Cobb and it was a decent serving. My sister had chicken and said it was very tender. My mother loved the eggplant Parmesan as well. Also had breakfast on the way out of town and it was the same great friendly service. Their bacon was the best bacon I have ever had. Who has ever said that about bacon of all foods?? Definitely will eat here every time I'm in Vegas.
3	The first time I went to this place it was just the two of us and I hated it. Maybe it was late and I was jet lagged but all I remember is that I hated it. Then I went there again with a group of 6 and WOW It was so much fun and the food was a lot better. The mushroom stuffed with escargot was delicious and I'm not a dessert person at all but the tiramisu was to die for.
3	Their food is good, not great and far from bad, but I really like coming to this place for the atmosphere and the fact their 24hrs.  I haven't had a bad meal here and I have never had an exceptional meal here, but considering you can get it at anytime, well that makes it all worth it.  I recomend the linguine with red clam sauce and the anti-pasto borth pretty good to go, I recomend it.
3	Bootlegger is located a few miles south of the strip. My co-worker introduced me to this place back in 2007 when we were both working in Las Vegas for a few months. I've never actually eaten inside the restaurant, but we did order food to go fairly often (although I've only actually tried two items on their menu, pizza and one salad). Bootlegger was a great last resort place since the food is pretty satisfying and inexpensive.  Their pizzas are ginormous. The whole pizza is filled with toppings.  Trust me, they are generous with toppings. I normally would eat about three slices. I could have eaten more probably, but I'd risk the buckles on my pants breaking, so I'd normally stop at 3. The salad my co-worker always ordered was also very good too, but I can't remember what it was called.  Overall, the food here is pretty good and I would definitely want to stop by the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Well nice atmosphere in this chainish style Italian restaurant, the apps were good, I had the vegi lasagna and the taste was good, but just a pile of ricotta cheese in there. Service was really slow, but we were a party of 12. All in all an OK meal, but too many other options that are better. Having the whole place singing happy birthday 5 times gets old too.
1	Stay away! Looks can be very deceiving. I just hurried home to finish this review. The outside of the restaurant/bar beckons at night with it's pretty lights and false promises. I was craving Italian and it was after 1am. Yelp was temporarily down or I wouldn't have even bothered with this place. The atmosphere was nice upon arrival. We seated ourselves at a booth. The server was pretty nice but his service was so slow. We both ordered the fettuccini alfredo. The bread with marinara sauce which was served right before the pasta was horrid and literally dripping grease. The food came quick but the service after that was really lousy. We waited almost 20 min. for the server/bartender to come back around to ask him for refills on ice tea. The fettuccini was so bland bland bland. I had to force myself to eat it. I left more than half the food on my plate as did my companion, who is not a picky eater. The guys in front of us, at the bar started smoking up a storm. Between that and food, which was not settling well, I wanted to just get the check but couldn't spot an employee which is strange for a bar. I could've up and left and noone would have noticed. Total bill for two fettuccini, two iced teas, (which were $4 a piece) was almost $40. subtotal. The price of the food was not even worth it. I wish I would have bought 2 frozen dinners, Marie Callender's fettuccini alfredo, on the way home and called it a night. It would've been cheaper, quicker, and tasted better, and that's sad. This was the worst Italian meal I've ever had in a restaurant. I've always wanted to try this place. I'm so disappointed. So, $48. later, I feel queasy and compelled to warn anyone with taste buds to stay away. If this was the last place on Earth that served food, I'd starve. No joke. If you really dislike someone recommend this place to them. No that's cruel. Try Carmine's Little Italy. The food is just as expensive, but at least worth it. Ugh! Even my burps are gross.
5	I went here for an early bird dinner after an afternoon of shopping, and it was just perfect.  It was before the dinner crowd, so it was nice and quiet, cool, and clean.  The booth was so comfortable, and had an amazing high back to the seat.  We received great service, and the food was amazing.My friend and I shared the caprese, made with buffalo mozzerella, just divine, and the others had the stuffed mushrooms.  I am not a fan of mushrooms, but they had nothing but wonderful things to say.  They have a pretty great early bird special that the group took advantage of.  By the way, if you order soup, don't expect a little cup.  You get a large bowl of delicious minestrone.  After that and appetizers, it's almost impossible to complete your meal.  I had the capellini, which is great fresh and great microwaved.  The rest of the group had eggplant parmesan and spaghetti, meat lasagna and spaghetti, and this chicken and mushroom with fettucine plate.  Everyone was full and happy with their choices.I would love to return on my next trip to Vegas.
4	This is where I always wanna stop on my way home from the strip with the wee-hours munchies! I throw 20 bucks in the slot machine, get a couple free cocktails (or waters) and order the baked penne pasta.... so good!!! My friend got the breakfast pizza which was "featured on the Food Network" according to our bartender, but it literally just tasted like scrambled eggs on a piece of cheese pizza. Interesting, but i'll stick with the pasta!One advantage that Vegas definitely has over my years in California is the late-night tipsy food spots. No more begging cab drivers to take me through a jack in the box drive-thru.....well maybe once in awhile. But baked penne in a classy joint beats curly fries in a taxi anyday!
5	Ok Sinatra is not going to walk in the door, but the piano, food and decor work well together. The music is a plus and the portions are excellent with above average food 24/7.
3	24 hour Italian food! I agree only in Vegas can you keep open a 24 hr restaurant but what is unique is the location 2 miles south of the strip. This is a local treat. 99% of people will never hear how this mom and pop dive serves solid Italian food at good prices. I learned of place by staying next door at a Hilton Garden Inn for a conference. I went down to the Wynn on a Saturday night for dinner. While there I asked our bartender where he likes to eat and he said "Bootlegger's" and told me where it was.... I felt like a dumb ass knowing it was right next to my hotel. Oh, well... Now I know and have eaten here a half dozen times and have never left disappointed. They have a great "rose" sauce off the menu that I order with rigatoni and a wedge salad.
4	Vegas Baby 2010!!! Sorry...I was reminiscing on Vegas trip in June 2010 my hubby and I took. Let just say I am a true Vegas fan. Back to the topic at hand: Bootleggers. I am a fan of as well and would visit this restaurant again. This was one of the restaurants we found that was open late hours and when you are in Vegas, partaking in Vegas activities, late dining will occur. When we drove into the parking lot, the restaurant had curb appeal and we were happy we found a descent place. Once you go in, the inside decor and ambiance was very different from what the outside appearance will have you believe. First, not sure if it was because it was  late, but when we enter the bar area, it was dark. It was really dark. Reminded me of some secret hiding place one will arrange to meet up. Like an old mafia style movie. Our waiter was the bartender so service was a little bit slow. But his personality and attentiveness made up for his slowness. The menu has typical Italian meals and is decently priced. The food was good. I ordered the lasagna and although I have tasted some delicious lasagna, I can say it was decent, filled with seasoned meat and flavorful red sauce. Mama would be proud! I will definitely eat again at this restaurant and recommend it to anyone looking for a late night dinner in Vegas.
4	This is one of the best Italian places I have eaten at in Vegas.  Being that I am Italian and from Chicago, where good Italian food is plentiful, I was having a hard time finding Italian food in Vegas to my liking.  This place fit the bill.This isn't fancy-schmancy high-brow Italian food like you will encounter on the Strip.  So if you are expecting that you will be disappointed here.  This place serves what some would call "red sauce" Italian food, which is a term I don't like.  What it is, is good, old-fashioned Italian food like so many Italian mothers would make. (My mom's food is still better though)The prices are reasonable, they sometimes have live entertainment, the service is good, and I have not had one bad meal here.
2	What a disappointment! Maybe this review is biased but I'll tell you why and let you take it into consideration. Las Vegas is my hometown, I moved away several years ago but my family is still there and I return a few times a year. After my father sold his restaurant my family would go to the Bootlegger Restaurant when it was located on Eastern Avenue. I always enjoyed their food. That location closed and they are now the Bootlegger Bistro on the south strip. The first time I went there it was for lunch on a Saturday with the entire family....my sister and her kids, my brother with his wife and kids and myself. We were all seated in a party room but they never told us that the "sisters" would be rehearsing their lounge show singing act. It was loud and they couldn't sing very well, not a good experience. My brother apologized because he highly recommended this place and said their food was worth it. The food was pretty good still but listening to the sisters still gets a laugh when ever I bring it up. We've had other meals at the Bistro over the years and seemed to be going down hill over the years until the last time. When my (then) girl friend and I decided to return to our hometown and get married last January we settled on having the reception at the Bootlegger Bistro, not only because my family had been meeting there for years but because one of the part owners was a high school friend of both of ours. On the night of our reception the service was rushed and rude at the begining when they were serving drinks. At one point my wife was standing in the way of one of the servers while serving a drink and the drink ended up on my wife's wedding dress. The server looked at her like it was her fault for not getting out of her way. The food took forever to be served, I think it was because the drinks were seperate and they were trying to make more money out of my guests. We finally got served. I had the Seafood Fra Diavlo. I only got half way through my meal and had to run to the bathroom. Later I heard that others had the same symptoms, needless to say it wasn't a good experience on my wedding night and for a few days after. Because they were late in serving dinner they rushed into clearing the dinner plates before people were done eating. Maybe that was a good thing. The part owner of the Bistro was also a friend of a few of our guests so when we arrived we all asked if Ron was there. We was there but after waiting to see him all evening he couldn't pry himself away from his band and recording studio to say hello to his old friends. I dropped over $1000 in his restaurant, got sick in his bathroom and he didn't have the common courtesy to say hello. I held off on writing this review because I didn't want to write angry. It's been almost 10 months and I can't wait anymore. I'm Italian and I guess some things I won't get over. If you are thinking about having you're special dinner at this place be warned.....they don't care about anything but your money.
3	another old school Italian restaurant...a number of pasta dishes under $15 and depending upon when you go you might be able to catch some live music...interesting place.
3	I, as the late night guru, am required to review Bootlegger's. On the south end of the strip, Bootlegger's is an Italian 24/7 restaurant. I would love to give this place five stars but I believe that taste should play a big part in ratings. So here goes, start with the positives. The location and ambiance are excellent. Parking is plentiful but scantly lit. Upon entering past 1am, as I do constantly, you have to ring a bell and be buzzed in (Something I really have grown to love, reminds me of old Vegas etiquette. If there were a password, I would have given this place an automatic 5 stars). Bootlegger's eating areas are dark, candle lit booths, very awesome. The service was definitely impeccable, each waiter introduces themselves with a business card, and pretty much never leaves you unattended.Now, the food. *sigh*I expected much better after all the reviews I've heard and read. We ordered the lasagna, a tomato/basil pizza, and pomodorro. The red sauce is old style, heavily spiced but still tastes like it's missing something. The pizza was decent, dough was soft yet crunchy with the same red sauce used on the lasagna. The pomodorro is what disturbed me, a simple recipe that's hard to ruin, the tomatoes were passed there ripening. I am willing to give it another try, it may have been that their tomatoes turned and got into all the sauces in my last visit, but we'll definitely have to see.Give it a try if you need a different spin on 24/7 dining which is seriously why I love Las Vegas so much.
4	Best FREE appetizers I've tried (fresh bread nuggets with homemade tomato sauce) I always go for the salads, my favorite one is the ice berge salad with blue cheese dressing. (ask upon request)
4	24 hour very good Italian Food.  Very Vegas, family-owned.  The interior is reminscent of old Vegas, with a family and history that has seen the city evolve.They feature live music from time to time, including jazz musicians from Cirque du Soleil shows that get together and have jam sessions.  Their graveyard menu is very affordable, good portions, and conveniently located five minutes away from the madness of the strip casinos, right down the strip.The first time I came to the Bootlegger's Bistro was for a work event.  I had a cocktail and with a few friends, ordered up a hot and cold antipasto.  While the cold was very decent, the hot antipasto was DELICIOUS.  I enjoyed it quite a bit and it had the proper amount of seasoning with very decent proportions.The bar drinks are slow during normal business hours but during the late night hours service at the bar is great.  Their garlic knots?  Delicious.  Could eat them all night.  And complimentary, to boot.Their lasagna was excellent but moreover, their SAUCE is fantastic.  I'm very particular about marinara sauce, and theirs was very well done.
5	Some of the best Italian food in town with live entertainment 7 nights a week!  This place has a great atmosphere, friendly service and the personal touch that only a family business provides.  Try the fetticine or the lasagna!  Two of my favorites!
5	Went to Bootlegger Bistro on Tuesday, December 21, 2010, with our group of 8 adults based on the reviews I read here.  We arrived there at about 10 PM after watching the David Copperfield show at MGM Grand.  The restaurant was not crowded and we had no problems getting seated.Someone else mentioned on here that it took a while for the food to come out but the wait was worth it.  They were correct.  The food was EXCELLENT!  Everyone enjoyed the entrees they ordered and the appetizers and dessert were just as good.  Our waitress informed us that everything was freshly made and that is why it took so long for the food to come out.  She was an excellent waitress and as we were in no hurry, waiting for the food just allowed us more time to enjoy one another's company.Thanks to the reviewer who informed us it would take a while for the food to come out.  Thus, we scheduled dinner after the show because of this.  Our thanks to all of the posters on Yelp.  It made planning for our trip seamless!
4	In the Food Quality - Price Value ratio comparison this is definitely a place to put on your list. It does have a following since when we left the wait on a Thursday was 1 1/2 hours - make reservations. If you are looking for high end Northern Italian Dining at $ 75.00 per person and up - this is not your place. If your looking for a much better than average Olive Garden type experience for around $ 25.00 this is The Place. All Sauces were home made. Everything was excellently cooked. The Service was good and attentive - to the point where we even felt a little rushed. I do not like the 5.00 per extra plate fee for splitting orders, which keeps me from ordering appetizers and dessert.In my range comparison - I consider Maggiano's at Fasion Show Mall Much Better and Bootleggers better than any Olive Garden.
4	Absolutely love the old school Vegas feel and look of this place, including the pics (many autographed) of many well known Las Vegas performers. It's on the other side of town from my house, but I gotta drop by here every now and then.  The two most recent meals I had have been the linguini with clams in red sauce, and the meat lasagna.  The linguini with clams I give 5 stars, but the lasagna was just a little above average as the flavor of the sauce was just so so, and it could have used more ricotta cheese.  Overall, this is one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Las Vegas, and it's also a good place to take visitors that want to get away from trendy restaurants at strip resorts.
5	Some of the best 24 hour food in Vegas!  Has a nice "old school" vegas feel.  Great service.  Has gaming at the bar with little to no smokey smell unlike most gaming bars.
4	Yummy! I hadn't been there in ages! When my parents first moved to Las Vegas, we used to come here for breakfast and lunch. My husband and I were looking for a good breakfast spot...We just happened to drive by there and I suggested we go in. I remembered they had really good breakfast pizza! However, after looking at the menu I decided to try the Italian Benny...normally I'm not a fan of eggs Benedict but the description was enticing....I really liked it! Not something I would want for breakfast everyday but it was a nice change. My hubby ended up ordering one of their regular breakfasts with a side of pancakes....The pancakes were awesome! He saved me a bite and we started joking we should order another side because they were so good!  Their italian bread served with breakfast is pretty delicious too!Kind of a smokey, old Italian, bar feel....it wasn't very busy that morning so they just sat just right off the bar. We had a really nice waiter.  Pretty average prices.Glad we stopped!
5	This place still rocks. My brother and his wife had their wedding reception here. It was small and intimate, but the service was wonderful. We only had 3 choices for dinner, and when asked if there was another vegetarian option they added a vegetable lasagna with no questions asked. I had the meat lasagna and it was excellent. They all ready had a pianist there, and he was sure to dedicate a tune to the newlyweds so they could get their first dance in. It's really a great place to check out for any meal, and for any occasion too.
5	My gourmet chef father was in town and wanting a night off from cooking we were throwing around ideas of where we could take him to eat that he would approve of.  Well; since I'm pregos and I was craving Italian food and have been wanting Bootleggers we made the short drive there.  We were sat right away in the dimmed dinning room with the perfect level of music playing in the back ground.  I was so excited when they brought out their garlic knots and basil dipping sauce about 1 minute after we sat down.  We destroyed them!  And got seconds!!!  My dad perused the menu he had a smile on his face.  Not only from the menu but the great smells all around us.  I already knew what I was having, the baked Penne, always great and lots of cheese.  I love melted cheese!  Our friendly waiter took our order; my dad got Marsala and my BF got the picatta,  then he brought my dad is wine, how could you not have a nice glass of red wine with great Italian food?  If I wasn't with child, I would have had 1 or 3  myself.  The food came in a timely manner and we jumped right in!  Right after my dad's first bite he proclaimed that his Marsala was one of the best he has ever had.  Mine was amazing as always and my BF's was gone very quickly , a sign it was great as well.  Our waiter checked back with us a few time and in my dad's true fashion they struck up a conversation about, well who knows what I was engaged in my food!  All in all we left happy, full, and I with a preggo craving filled; which some of you know is most importantI Suggest anyone who loves great Italian food  with the old school feel go to bootleggers Bistro, bring the parents with you; they may like it so much they may pay! ( Thanks dad!!)
4	I love this place. Food as always was spectacular, but the service lacked just a little bit. Our server was very friendly and a good kid, but just didn't quite perform to my expectations.We walked in and were seated in the dining area by the bar, which is just fine, but he took a good 4-5 minutes before stopping by with waters and to take our drink/appetizer orders. He was very apologetic which is nice, but the place wasn't horribly busy and I needed me some aqua. The food runner brought us the amazing garlic knots and yummy marinara dipping sauce, and our server took our order and we enjoyed some nice conversation. It was a great ending to a good weekend. Our food arrived and I was salivating by this time, even after we destroyed two plates of the garlic knots. I ordered Chicken Piccata, which was pretty solid, but not the best I've had. My lady had the baked penne and she said it was very delicious as always, and her dad had the chicken Marsala. He's an excellent chef/caterer having owned AND cooked in at least 3 different restaurants in his day and he could not stop talking about how impressed he was with the "high quality Marsala wine" they used in the preparation of his meal. He said it's one of the best he's ever had, and that's saying something. Something that was a little annoying, is the water glasses are very small, and I drink lots of water with my meals. It ran empty for at least a couple minutes 3 times during the meal. It would be nice to get some bigger glasses, or maybe he could keep just a little better eye on his tables. Not a huge deal, but when you're eating steaming hot Italian food, sometimes you just need some damn water a little quicker.The reason my review isn't 5 stars is the slight lack of service, and my piccata just being pretty good and not "as good as it gets" like 5 stars says. I'm a big fan, and will definitely come back as it's always a solid place for some great Italian food, and I love the atmosphere, and it's close to home.4 really solid stars, probably closer to 4.5.Thanks bootlegger!
5	If you ever go to Vegas, this place should be on your list of places to dine. I've been here every time I visit Vegas and I've never been disappointed. My brother's wedding reception was also here and they still had stellar service. They are just south of the airport on Las Vegas Blvd, maybe 10 minutes from the strip if you hit traffic.You sit down and before the second butt-cheek hits the chair, your bread is on the table. Very soon after that your water. I've had several different entrees there and every single one of them have been great! I love their breakfasts too.... especially at 2pm. LOL Their service is exceptional. Their food is always wonderful and I've managed to hook my family on this place too.I was particularly impressed when they hosted my brother's wedding reception. Even though there was a selection of pre-determined items to choose from, because I'm vegetarian and not a fan of alfredo (thanks to my meat eating brother, this was the only veggie meal in his selection), they had no problem offering me something else and offering it to other people as a selection as well. I loved this. The only complaint I had, as my brother's photographer, was that the lighting was so dim, the pictures were hard to take.The only thing I haven't had here is dessert. I'm going to have to change that.
4	We were looking for a new random spot to have dinner.. My girl spotted this place while driving by.. why not?Italian restaurant that looked like a "Putter's Bar & Grill" version of "Hugo's Cellar"?... Old school, pretty dim lighting, sorta vintage grand wood table seating and bar side poker machines around their bar.. Dinner PIcks:Comp. Bread: Square, buttery and garlicky. Dip it in their red sauce for some super flavor"House Specialty" Meat Lasagna: Hefty Portion, submerged in red sauce and I had the server sprinkle a generous amount of parmesan over it. Texture of the pasta was right, meat was good and portioned correctly, the cheese and sauce was very good. Only negative was the lack of red sauce ratio with the large slab of lasagna.. Spaghetti Classic with Maria's Meatballs: Nice amount of pasta (angel hair like) cooked perfectly aldente *snap*.. A pair of decent sized meatballs that were meaty and flavorful. Also came with that tasty, tasty red sauceThis place surprised me.. Our server had a sense of humor and was very particular, prompt and attentive. Excellent! Dining area carried that mellow feel and Prices were right on. I'd come back here for their lasagna.. I'll just ask them to drown it with their red sauce!
4	This place mostly gets 4 stars for the atmosphere. It has a very old-school Vegas feel and it's open 24 hours. That alone makes this a great spot.There's a nice bar area and then a large restaurant area complete with old-school Vegas lounge singers during certain times. The atmosphere is just fantastic. Just dark enough, those great curved booths, waiters wearing ties, lots of families and couples, etc.The bread that each table automatically gets was delicious. Little square bites that were very buttery with some garlic. And served with a great red sauce for dipping (definitely not a marinara).We opted for pasta dishes, of course. The basic spaghetti with meat sauce and the salmon on a bed of penne pomodoro. I was a bit confused when no sides were offered for the spaghetti (even though it says it comes with one at the top of the menu). And then with the salmon, I was asked if I wanted pasta or a potato. Well, since it is supposed to be a pasta dish, why would I get the pasta? But alas, I didn't question it and didn't say anything when the food arrived - I had no pasta on my plate, just a piece of salmon and a baked potato. Thankfully, the salmon was delicious and cooked perfectly. And while basic, the spaghetti with meat sauce had a good flavor. The waiter was very nice and checked on us several times. And despite it being packed, we never felt rushed.This is definitely a place worthy of a repeat visit. Both a great place for a date and to take family visiting from out-of-town.
4	I totally agree with these positive reviews- old school Vegas style that us locals sometimes forget. It warm and inviting. And live music-- ya just never know who you'll bump into. And just wanted to suggest the pizza for tasty takeout-- far better than one of the pizza chains! Still quick and much better variety of toppings that are fresh not canned. And they love garlic like I LOVE garlic!! Yum mm my!
5	I eat lunch here three or four times a month, although I have never been here except for lunch. Wonderful menu. Pretty good price. Great, motivated staff with low turnover.I recommend Spaghetti with the Meatball. My experience has been the noodles are always perfectly prepared al-dente, the sauce is flavorful, and the meatball generous. I'm a big guy semi-trying to become less-big, but that's a healthy amount of calories that is too hard to resist. Though Mary M. wants more meatballs, my opinion is one meatball is enough. Coupled with a house side salad, and the garlic squares with sexy sauce that is the Brigitte Bardot of sauces...I'm satisfied for around $20 with drink, tax and tip. The house side salad is a glorious, hearty offering with garbanzo beans, radicchio, and other delicious vegetables dressed with an alluring Italian vinaigrette. Other entrees I have tried at this restaurant include: Salmon Salad, Lasagna (with meat and without), Eggplant Parmesan, Ravioli with Pesto. They offer a "lighter" lunch special, which is a careful selection of the same regular entree just as a smaller portion. Nice, strong Iced Tea. A full bar with video poker and sports on TV. Very stable, consistent quality. Ample parking.Read the other reviewers' comments for descriptions of the decor, the nightlife, etc. I will avoid controversy on such topics in my review, emphasizing how much I *thoroughly* enjoy the food!This is a great place to meet others as it is very easy to find...located right next to "Las Vegas Premium Outlet Mall" (formerly Belz Factory Outlet) on S. Las Vegas Boulevard in between Fry's Electronics and South Point casino (major cross-street is Windmill).
4	How much do I love the baked zitti here?! Geez... if I'm not in the mood to cook and I need some good old Italian comfort food, I come here for the zitti.  It's cheesy, carb-filled goodness.  Huge portion for me, so I take the rest home for lunch the next day.  It's a staple place for my bf and I.
3	Although the food was ok - regular italian american fare - and the service was very good - the frank sinatra impersonator singing on friday night was ridiculously loud and inhibited any/all conversation we were trying to have.  I think, this is the vibe the restaurant is going for - based on the decor and of course location - but I would not recommend for out-of-towners looking to catch up w/family or friends over dinner...at least on a weekend night, far too loud & far too obtrusive.  however, if you're looking for a vegas-y dinner not directly in the midst of the strip, and don't need to catch up w/anyone, this seems like a good place to go.
4	First time there. Good food and service. I will go back.
4	Great food and even better drinks, especially late at night.
4	Great atmosphere, and an enjoyable place to grab a decent meal outside of a casino. Great veal and the crooning on Monday nights at 9:00 is worth the trip out there.
4	Loved the baked penne with meat sauce, and the bread bites with basil tomato dip was addictive. Old Vegas atmosphere and excellent food.
1	Less than impressed. we asked the host to sit outside and he acted put out that he had to set the table! Rude. As we sat outside waiting 10th min for our over perfumed waitress, we scanned the sad breakfast menu. We ordered a simple bacon, eggs and potato meal, and the breakfast pizza. Thirty minutes later, we received Bacon that was clearly stuck together as if thrown in a microwave and then onto the plate, the smallest serving of potatoes, eggs, a thin slice of orange and a half of a strawberry... REALLY? If youre going to bring a half done meal, don't bring it on a plate that you need to spread the food so thin to cover surface area... the pizza was actually ok if you like really cheesy greased up soggy crusted pizza.
3	Not bad, not great. Went via a Groupon and checked their menu online before going. The menu online is dead wrong. Prices are much more expensive when you get inside. I mentioned this to the waiter but he wouldn't honor the prices even though I showed them to him on my iPhone. Oh well - food is pretty good but took a while for it to come out. We came around mid-night and there were pretty much only bar patrons. The personal pizza was great though. It's huge! Wife and daughter had the vegetarian lasagna. Would we return? Only if we were in the area. It's not worth a special trip out there.
2	Still sitting here at our dinner table - its cool to see the old Vegas style however, I'd gladly sacrifice that for better quality food and service. The little bread rolls they bring lack any flavor and were a bit hard. Served with a tasteless tomato sauce.My fiance had the chicken fettuccine - the cream sauce tasted like butter.I had the cheese ravioli with meat sauce - should've known the tomato base was going to be the same as the dipping sauce for the rolls. They definitely skimped on the meat too, I could barely even find it!We spent just over $40 including tip (we didn't order any drinks) for a meal that wasn't very satisfying...
2	I came here during the day which was probably the problem. The food wasn't bad and if I was drunk I could see it being tasty and totally satisfying a craving. The wait staff was friendly enough but the patio wasn't really that clean and my menu had a huge coffee stain on it. Food was again nothing to write home about but it might be fun if it was full of people post partying up the street.
5	love this place. never a bad time and the surprise guests are always entertaining! FOOD EXCELLENT!
2	I've been here once before when I first moved to vegas and our waitress was such a sweetheart, but unfortunately they cooked my steak way too much for my liking. Ordering Mid-rare and getting one under or one over can be ok, but taking it to well is just gross. I didnt say anything to her, not sure why.This time was around by boyfriend wanted to go. Im always happy to give second chances. Although I love the "were keeping it old vegas look" food just mediocre, and service was almost non-existence. I had my camera out and was taking pictures of my man when our server asked if we wanted a photo together, mind you we wernt dressed to impress so I  said no, any girl would we looked like shit. Our server nearly insulted us by assuming we were "hiding" or "cheaters" when we didn't want a photo and kinda chucked away. WTF. Anyways to food and drink.Drinks: BF-MAKERS OLDFASHION (just ok, think they added sugar?!)              ME-MAKERS MANHATTAN UP (delicious)APS: CALAMARI- very nice          EGGPLANT FRITTI- Love eggplant but breading on it sucks.          MUSSELLS DIAVALO- eh. Not good. Too much tomato sauce.They served the same marinara sauce with the bread( which was good), the calamari, the eggplant fritti, and I swear they just dumped the same sauce over the mussells and heated it.We wern't going to get an entree but I was still hungry and we didn't have anything to cook at home so I got a pasta. PASTA: BUCATINI W PANCETTA, PEAS, AND CARBONARA-not bad. Hey I am no aficionadoon pasta but I didnt think that the bucatini was a right choice for this pasta, I meant a bucatini would hold a chunky meat sauce so much better than a no so thick carbonara. Overall it was yum, I took it home to finish:)Probably not going to give it another whirl, I am not a food snob I just know whats good and what I like. I dont discourage others to eat here, there are tons of people I know who love this place, for me its just not my style. CIAO
4	TUESDAY Special!!  50% off your first bottle of wine!!Seriously, the Tuesday Wine Special is awesome.  Eff it.  Go for the Reserves.. we did :)I love how our server knew the history behind the bistro and was kind enough to share some stories about how the booths by the bar sat the likes of the Rat Pack and various Strip Headliners.  If you're old school at heart, you'll love how classic Vegas the feel of the atmosphere is.  I think the piano player could have used a better catalog of tunes... but, it was decent enough background music.  As far as the food goes, I didn't get past the average appetizer and salad.  It was too much!  I can't wait to go back next Tuesday.. I'll be sure to save the appetite for the veal.  It's on my list.
3	I find this restaurant utterly intriguing in theory. It is a 24 hour establishment known for its "old-style Vegas" vibe. There's not much of that sort of thing going on out here, so I was game.Booze and the promise of good "red sauce" Italian-American eats (plus a Groupon) brought me to the Bootlegger late the other night. Overall, I think this is a solid 3.5 star place.The hot, fresh garlic bread was a hit. I thought the red sauce served along side was just a tad thin and missing an ingredient or two. Not a bad base sauce, but not bursting with flavor. The bread was a perfect accompaniment to the big ol' cocktails we started off with.Our hot Antipasto appetizer came out very quickly, was nicely presented and of a good size for two. I truly enjoyed the toasted meat ravioli (but again with the lackluster side dish of red sauce) and wished there had been more of that and less of the other two selections. The calamari was just okay. The shrimp scampi was rubbery and really didn't have any taste at all despite the pool of buttery sauce. I don't quite understand how scampi sauce can not taste like anything- it's garlic and butter! Two of my favorite things, together in a bowl. I could not taste any garlic nor butter. I really wonder what's in that sauce; it could have been yellow water for all I know. I took a bite of one shrimp and let my less discriminating husband polish off the rest of it. For our entrees, we both had veal scalloppini with fettucini alfredo. The veal medallions were tender and tasty, with sauteed mushrooms mixed in. I got the impression that the sauce from the veal was a slightly modified version of the alfredo sauce on the (nicely al dente) pasta. There was very little distinction of the flavors, though both sauces were passably good (better than the red, for sure). Maybe a little bit of salt and definitely some fresh grated parmesan would have set the dish off. The portion size was just right and left us with just enough room to share an outstanding and large slice of tiramisu. The staff and service were fine, not over the top, but attentive/friendly enough for me. I did like the dark, fairly romantic atmosphere and oversized leather booths. The Bootlegger reminded me a lot of some of my old Italian spots in New York, which is nice. The meal felt expensive, even with the Groupon, so I don't know how often I'd make a special trip for these hit-or-miss eats, but it's always handy to know about an extra late night choice.
3	I had dinner there last night and I enjoyed it. It may take a while to get seated at night simply because no one stands at the front. The service was fast and the food was good. I really liked the mood of the restaurant.
2	Wasn't too impressed with this place.  I went for lunch with a couple of friends and had gotten a seat out on the patio.  All the tables were quite dirty!  I understand that we were seated outside, however, I have eaten at other restaurants before where their patio seating is CLEAN...I guess it doesn't happen at this place.Overlooking the dirtiness, I wanted to give Bootleggers an opportunity to prove my impression wrong through their food.  As the waitress came out, I saw that her uniform (which was black) was quite dirty also!  Her black apron and shirt was smeared with some red sauce (spaghetti maybe?) and white powder (cocaine maybe?)...Really not appetizing.  I did notice that the inside dining had very dim lighting, so maybe she didn't realize that her uniform was that dirty.  Nonetheless, it's not something I want to see.  She took our drink orders and handed us the menus.  Even those were DIRTY!  A friend of mine had a coffee stain on his menu and we all had water/sauce stains throughout the pages....They should really clean those!  We should have left then and there, but NO!  I wanted to let Bootleggers redeem themselves through their food.The waitress came back quickly with our drinks, complementary mini garlic rolls, and took our food order (she was quite friendly btw, which was a plus).  I had the mozzarella caprese and deep fried cheese ravioli.  The garlic rolls were not really warm...well, let me take that back.  They were warm on the outside and cool on the inside.  Meh, let's say I wasn't a fan.  The mozzarella caprese and deep friend cheese ravioli were both were pretty good.  Nothing exciting or exceptional though.  The caprese needed more balsamic glaze.  They just squiggled three lines on the plate.  The cuts of mozzarella were nice and thick, so was the tomatoes.  The deep fried cheese raviolis came with marinara sauce.  There was a good crunch to them.  However, once again, these dished were forgettable...which is better than being bad dishes, I guess.Overall, I don't think I will be returning.  However, I did enjoy the weather :)
2	I have been here several times. I love coming here for lunch they have some of the best sandwiches. Dinner is alright the price is a little up there the taste is bland. However, the bar service is the worst ever. You have to ask for everything refills, plates, a menu. There was other bar guest that went over to a server while taking an order for a menu because he sat at the bar for so long. It does not matter what time of the day you go lunch or dinner the bar service is still bad. Make sure you sit at a table and enjoy your meal. The table service, the servers are always around and are friendly.
4	Decent Italian at a decent price.  Off the strip, couple of miles south on LV Blvd, just a bit past the airport.  I can't speak to the claim that it is like "old Las Vegas" but the Bootlegger does provide good food and drink.  I had the chicken Saltimbocca and was very happy with it.  The side pasta with Alfredo sauce was a bit heavy with the richness of the cheese in the chicken, if I had it again, I might ask for red sauce or garlic & oil instead. Service for a group of eight (2 kids) was excellent and friendly.  I would certainly go back again.
4	I've eaten here like 4 times now. It's old school Italian, old school Vegas. It's not dressy, so don't go crazy. In fact, jeans and a nice top is just fine.  The outside looks nicer than the inside, in my opinion.   But what you really want to do is make a reservation for the live music that starts around 7 pm. They also have amazing Groupons if you can get one. Service is better than 90% of the places in Vegas.  It's off the strip, so I'd say this is more a locals place.  If you want good Italian on the strip, there's plenty there. Oddly, it's also open 24 hours; however, I've only been for lunch once and dinner several times. My friend loved her Seafood Diablo, appetizers are good, shrimp was amazing I don't know what they do to it but it's awesome,  wine is always good :), osso buco got an A in my book.  See my pix!
2	I've been here 3 times and fell in love the first time because the cheese ravioli and the garlic bread is amazing!  The second time was just as good, because i got the same thing.  My boyfriend got a seafood pasta and it was not good...it was waaaay too salty.  Well...we hadn't been there for about 5 months and I had forgotten about his bad experience and apparently so did he.  We went there the other night and the service was great as usual, but the food was entirely tooooo salty.  My manicotti tasted strange and was not a typical manicotti.  My boyfriend's meat ravioli was so salty that he couldn't eat it...nor could I.  Unfortunately, we won't be going there again.  It is a great place to have a drink and lounge with friends since they frequently have entertainment.  It's a very charming place.
3	I have visited this place a number of times. It is very hit and miss especially on the service which tends to be "sparse."  Food is decent but lasagne is half cheese which is like a glob on your plate. How can an authentic Italian restaurant do that to lasagne? The best part which is why i rated this as high as a three is the minestrone soup which is darn good on a chilly day especially with some warm bread.
4	Great place for a date. Peaceful, soothing (pianist on hand), and food is good. I had the ribeye steak w smash potatoes....Yummy!!!
4	The BEST fried calamari I have ever had!After 50+ years on this planet, I finally found a place that makes fried calamari without it being rubbery.Great atmosphere. Wonderful food.  Must check it out!  AAA+++
3	If for no other reason, then you should come to Bootlegger just to get away from the Strip! I avoid the LV Strip like I avoid Times Square at home. It's just a constant mess of tourists, even if there are some really good restaurants along the way.Bootlegger is a pretty casual place. Nice atmosphere to it, though. Tables aren't too close, it's not too loud.The wine list isn't the most extensive or diverse, but it makes due. You'd just love to see some more international flavor, though.Also, the bread was okay. Not great bread - it's kind of in little squares. I prefer a big fresh loaf coming out of the oven personally.For the positive - my entree was fabulous. I had the pappardelle with bolognese.  Sauce was spot on, and the pasta was cooked perfectly. The portion was really good size, especially for the price, so we definitely left full.We ordered creme brulee for dessert, though in fairness, I was so full from everything before, that I couldn't give it an accurate assessment. The texture was right, though haha.To top it off, our waitress was fabulous. Great personality, great recommendations, not too pushy.There are a lot of restaurants in Vegas to try. I won't make a special trip to Bootlegger every time I'm in Vegas, but I would definitely come back here.
4	I can't give five stars only because I haven't tried more than the pizza and calamari, but saying that, as a transplant local it is a go to place.  I do love this place because it has a consistency that you can set your watch to.  For the minimalist, the margherita pizza is where it is at.  I believe that doing the simple things well lets me know who you are!  And I know that the bootlegger has has been here for a long time.
3	I didn't know where to take my stepdad for dinner and saw this little Italian Restaurant.  I was expecting a restaurant but after entering the door, there was a bar with TV and was almost confused.  Part of the restaurant looked very elegant, from the tables and chairs, and decor looking like it came from the Queens dining room.  But then part of the restaurant had a English pub feeling to it.  Another hiccup I had was the very dim lighting in the restaurant.  My stepdad had to complain to me about how he couldn't read his menu.  It could be his old age or I might have to agree that the lighting was the problem.We sat down and since we were only looking to eat light, ordered salads.  My stepdad ordered the Iceberg Wedge.  It had, as per the menu, "Wedge of iceberg lettuce, crispy pancetta, scallion, chopped egg, tomato concasse topped with Maria's bleu cheese dressing.  I ordered Isalata di Casa.  It's prepared, as per the menu, Endive Saald with candied walnuts, gorgonza chees, shaved pear, tossed in house vinaigrette dressing.After we got our salads, my stepdad looked at his and looked at mine.  He looked a little disappointed and as a good daughter, I suggested we switched.  It was a little hard to part ways with my Insalata Indivia because it looked amazing.  But I wanted to make sure my stepdad had a good time.  Tasting the Iceberg Wedge, I  regretted swapping my salad instead of asking the waiter to change my order to the Insalata Indivia.  Maria's bleu cheese dressing combined with all the other ingredients was just too rich and too much to handle.  I almost wanted to throw it in the trash if there was one next to me.  There was just too much going on with the salad.  Luckily, I was able to taste the Insalata Indivia and was very impressed with it.  The colors and the flavors combined were perfect.  It was simple and was perfect for my pallet.
5	We went to Bootlegger for the 1st time and it will not be the last.. excellent service.. the fried ravioli and the calamari.. outstanding.  I had the chix parm and spouse had the salmon.. great dishes.. the tiramisu, whew, was huge.. good thing we ordered 1 and mmmmm so tasty.   Didnt need to wait for refills on our drinks.  Staff was friendly and that plus great food.. will make us come back.. Thanks Vito !!
4	Really good food,but spotty service. The lasagna is amazing!! The service is very inconsistent.
4	Ohh my gosh! What a surprise this place was! I went here with a friend thinking it would be a fun dive. It wad actually very good. The food was delicious! The place was super dark but I loved it , it reminded me of the dark smoky piano bars that my grampa used to love minus the smoke. I will definitely  come back :)
4	Very good Italian food. We had a party of 8 and basically everyone said they would make another visit. The service was extremely polite and efficient. They even went out of their way to seat us in a special section.
3	Was treated to this place. First impressions wasn't that great. We walked in and wasn't greeted for 5 mins. Then once we were assisted, we asked for a booth and the waiter told us we absolutely couldn't have one because you have to have a reservation. After talking with someone else they gave us a booth. I think the waiter could have been clearer on his answer maybe he thought we wanted a booth in the music room.After being seated we placed orders as usual. We received some bread and marinara sauce, which was great, and shrimp cocktail. Here's the problem we had, we waited about 45 mins to receive our food without an explanation on why it was taking so long. We spoke with the manager about our experience and she took 25% off.All in all the service was bad for my first time. The food was good though they just need a major service improvment.
5	My husband and I have been coming here for years and not just for the food. The service here is top notch. Richard is a phenomenal waiter. He is courteous, tentative, nice, and really at the top of his game. His service is the best in the city. The food here is amazing truly authentic and made with lots of love. This is a great place for a date we recently went there for our anniversary and as always were treated lovely. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a true Italian restaurant and make sure you request Richard, other servers in this town could learn alot from him. Also on Monday they have open mic jazz night which is also to not be missed. Truly a gem in this city!
4	I didn't see much of the restaurant, seeing as I had a private wedding dinner in their Vegas Room.Our dinner, for 15, was delightful. We went with the cheapest group dining package and selected spaghetti and meatballs, meat lasagna and fettuccine Alfredo. The meat lasagna was definitely the best dish of all three, but none of them were bad by any means. The bread before the meal was also delicious.Our waiter, Danny, was also amazing and kept up with drinks and food for all of us. He also noticed we didn't have a wedding cake and brought us a slice of chocolate cake on him! Location is a little away from the strip, but it was nice because of that. Next time we're back in Vegas, we'll definitely dine in the main room!
5	Amazing Italian food. Their bolognese sauce is great and unique at the same time with its smokey and meaty flavor. My wife hates lasagna but has fallen in love with there's. Their bread and tomato dipping sauce is great and we can never get enough of it. We have been there 4 times in the last month so that must show how much we love the food and atmosphere.
4	While visiting in February we came across Bootleggers as a recommendation from the resort concierge @ Tahiti Village. It was Valentines Day, although we really didn't realize it at the time and typically restaurants are reservations only. Lucky for us we were early and they were more that happy to seat us.  Read the family history that is printed on the menu and it was interesting. The food was good and the service top notch... The minestrone is worth going back for all n its own. We had been flying all day before we went to eat and I was extremely thirsty and my glass was filled without ever having to ask! Our server was a black gentlemen and he was pleasant, friendly and on top of everything. We ended up going back a few days later for lunch with some friends and the food/services was just a good..It's a little dark inside so hard to read the menus but I was recommend bootleggers!
3	Excellent service, so-so drinks and tasty food pretty much sum up Bootlegger.I will point out that the 2 hosts running the front desk were borderline rude as they stood there and waited for us to ask if we needed anything. Seriously. It's not hard to say hi or welcome, geez. Anyways, left a bad impression of this place until our server came along. She was bright, energetic and professional. We tried many dishes but the one thing I'd come back for is the fettuccine Alfredo with house made sausage. It's everything you'd expect from a good fettuccine, toothsome pasta, velvety smooth Alfredo topped with fork tender sausage. Creamy tender porky.
4	The past few times I have come here I didn't remember the experience. I am glad I was able to remember this time. We came when it really wasn't that busy. So we had great service the whole time. I enjoyed the complimentary bread with dipping sauce. I had the spaghetti and meatballs. The food came out at the perfect temps and tasted great. I love the decor and atmosphere of this place. I am sure I will be back again.
1	On May 6th at about 5:00 pm I stopped at Bootlegger for lunch/dinner.  I was by myself and just got into town on my motorcycle.  I was seated immediately.  I noted that only 2 other tables in the restaurant were occupied.  I was seated in a booth directly in sight of the entrance to the kitchen.  I noted several waiters BS'ing just inside the doors.  I waited several minutes and no less than three waiters walked by my table without looking in my direction or showing any sign that someone was seated.  After the third waiter walked by, including one that was inside the kitchen watching me, I got up and left.  My wife and I always stopped here in the past everytime we were in Las Vegas, but never again!
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because the table cloth wasn't clean.. there were some big spots on it. I saw it on a few of them so I'm not sure if this is the norm or not, but I wasn't too fond of that. Our food was great and the service was good. I had heard a lot about this restaurant before going there and it was a good experience.
4	we come here for the calamari, the minestrone soup and the late night pizza.  We've been here on several occasions.  First time was a drunken stumble after a night of partying, it was the only place at 5A you can order a pizza on the way home.  Minestrone wasn't on the menu but after asking the server he came back with the best minestrone I've ever had.  Fast forward to regular dining hours, the minestrone tasted different but it was still very good, not sure if the first time was because I was so drunk and soup just hit the spot.  Nonetheless, the pasta carbonara was cooked perfectly, the calamari was cooked perfectly and the rest of my dining crew enjoyed the pizza like they always do.  Bootlegger is one of our go to spots anytime of the day!
2	Totally Ruined Evening.    Incompetent to Rude Hosts (I think one is the Owner) After arriving on a Monday Night at 7PM as a group of 5 without Reservations and a Huge Wedding Party we thought the place would be Too Busy, however we were told it would be 5 to 20 minutes for a Table and so we waited in the entrance area with group that Did have Reservations at 7:00 PM.We Both were seated around 8:30 pm, no Apologies - Just Arrogance. It was a Table for four with a chair crowded onto the end in the walkway. Two of us ordered the same item and 20 minutes After ordering we were told there was only One Available. So even though it was my wife's Birthday Dinner, she gave it up and ordered a Simple House Salad instead, while I just Ordered Soup out of frustration. The other three in the Party got the dishes they wanted and the food finally arrived at 9:30PM - two and a half Hours after we first entered the place.  Even their Garlic Rolls were not refilled after initially bringing a small bowl for five people - I guess they were hoping they could sell appetizers.I have many times taken out of town guest there, always Arrogance and Drama and some waiting, Yet Never again. Even my out of town guest stated after we left and all we had been through they would never recommend this Restaurant to anyone and tell them to be sure to avoid it. They have enough business and they don't care - so why should We. If you go for the Food, it's above average, however be prepared for Arrogance and Long waits with a (Owner) Host that always makes the place Frantic.
4	Had dinner last night at Bootlegger and it was GREAT. Service was great, food was prepared perfectly(and it was hot which seems to be a rare thing these days) and there was a lot of food for the price. I strong suggest this place and I know I will return........
3	This place is A-ok, nothing too fancy to wow me. I love the dark gloomy atmopshere this restaurant gives off tho. The food is ok I had their Shrimp. Prices are a bit pricey.. Im not sure how it is for lunch time here.. I would recommend this place if you had no other place to go as far as italian food.. that's it nothing much else to say about this place. Just an ordinary place for me..
4	This is one of favorite Italian restaurants in Vegas.  It has an old retro Vegas/Mob fell to it that is kind of tacky but works.A few housekeeping things about this place ... it's south of the strip, it's pretty much a locals place, it gets crowded (make a reservation) and it's not cheap.  You're going to spend a $15 - $30 per person (with drinks).  You'll get large portions and good quality Italian food.  If that doesn't scare you away keep reading.I've been here about a dozen time and have always had great service.  I've had great experiences in large and small groups, they do a great job in the service area.It's hard to recommend a single dish here because they have all been so good.  I'm going off the beaten path here a bit and say you have to try the garlic knots.  Think bread sticks but 100 times better.  I'd go back for the knots alone.  You're not going to be disappointed with the food, it's pretty damn good!
4	I love going to the Bootlegger on Monday nights to sing for their Open Mic! Kelly is hilarious & a great host.. I would recommend reserving a table because it does get crowded & there's no way to guaranty seating... Especially if with a large group. The food is great, I love the food :) I wonder however why the sauce brought out with the bread is so thin....Anyway, the only REAL issue I have with the place is the restaurant host in the front can be rude.... Wouldn't kill them to say hello or smile!! Overall the atmosphere is nice...  Great for a date or a night out off the strip. AND its 24hrs!! Its a great place
5	If your looking for authentic Italian cuisine this is it ...the food is out of this world and the service from our waiter Danny and staff ...top shelf ...the very best around
4	A better than average family Italian with good food, reasonable prices and lounge singers that care about the music- no irony in the presentation - very straight forward and enjoyable. Service was a little spotty - our waiter forgot our second drink order - but he felt bad and offered to buy desert --   Worth the drive.
2	I have friends that swear by this place.  I do like the live music on Monday night but the food just isn't very good.  They are famous for their lasagna.  I've had it. I don't like it.  The ricotta cheese is never cooked enough.  And, there's too much of it.  I've also had some chicken dishes that are way overcooked.  I do like the ambiance though.  Maybe just drinks and dessert next time.
4	Good joint. I have now been there three times and like this place. A bit pricey as you have to put your meal together, but the food really is good and it is a Vegas legend. I had a steak that was well prepared the first time I went. The garlic bread they are famous for really was a bust to me. But the third time I was there the garlic bread things were pretty good. (they are little squares of garlic bread). The fetuccini Alfredo is pretty good, though it is actually better at the Cheesecake Factory. The CHICKEN they used on it was absolutely great at Bootlegger, however. Very juicy and flavorful. Service was good or great in all three instances. Even on a busy Saturday night when the prom kids were out with their dates. And as a bonus I could actually taste the gin in my cocktails. Worth going and not a bad choice lunch or dinner.
1	The Bootlegger RUINED my wedding! About 2 months ago, I inquired about the copa room for a party of 100 people. Every time I called, the event manager was not in and I was told to call back later. After a month of trying to call, one of the managers gave me the email address to contact Denise the events manager. She was out of town, so I spoke with Ron. Ron said come in any time and someone will show me the room. My mother-in-law and I went there, FELL IN LOVE with the room, and spoke to 3 people who said it was a Wednesday and its slow and no reservations have been made for 12-12-12. I finally got an email back from Denise a week later, and she told me the date is open, people have inquired, but no one put down a deposit. She also sent me a contract which stated the prices on the web site. When I went to call her, she was at a wedding show, and would not be in until monday. So Danny showed me the room again, and took my $1,000 deposit. After a few more emails trying to contact her to set up a meeting so I could pay in full the rest of the package, she emailed me back saying she would only rent the room to me if I paid $150 a person which would come out to $15,000! (because of the 12-12-12 date). I called her and basically got the reason why : Another couple who inquired AFTER I put down the deposit was willing to spend $150 a person. So I was BACK BURNER because my package was just a basic package stated on the website and they could make more off of someone else. WOW.....they don't honor their deposits! And they don't care if you have family that got invitations flying in from all over the country..... or that you hired a celebrity entertainer that doesn't return deposits. Denise did say that she would return my deposit in check form, but I paid cash so I called Danny and he pressed to give me cash back.Unfortunately,  they lost more than my business over this. A lot of people who were coming most likely would have rented the venue for business on a monthly basis. Or that they could use my celebrity entertainer as a marketing tactic. I will warn them NEVER to book the copa room because of this terrible experience. And the grooms family who have been customers since the 80's will never eat there again.
4	Service was 5 stars, as was the food.Orange Ruffy & Shrimp Scampi.Kitchen was a little slow.
4	Lunch, dinner, happy hour, karaoke nights....all fun.  The food is great, and this place always hosts an eclectic crowd.  I've never had a bad experience here.I especially enjoy the Monday night karaoke crowd.  Some truly talented performers put on one of the best free shows you can find on the strip.  Then again, you have a few that jump in that, while equally entertaining, haven't quite mastered their vocal potential.  All in good fun though, I've been known to butcher many a good song in my inebriated state of confident invincibility.
5	The Italian food her is truly amazing.  To start they bring you garlic bread with a marinara sauce that is just full of wonderful flavors.  I ordered the pollo angelo and left my plate clean.  The lunch time prices are pretty affordable, give it a try.   I hope to stop by another time, perhaps during the night when they have live entertainment.
5	the is food amazing, a very good italian food the best i've  had from a restaurant. just go and eat there
1	Wow.  And not in a good way.I was very disappointed after reading several reviews on how amazing the food is and how great the service is.  I stopped in for lunch on Sunday and was greeted by this mannequin that holds a sign.  It said to seat myself. I sat myself.After a few minutes someone came with menus.  The menu is 8 pages long and has the old school feel to it.  I just watched Bourdain scour the Italian countryside eating pasta, so I ordered a vegetable plate and some fettuccine Alfredo.  I was really excited.  I was.The appetizer arrived after about 12 minutes with fried ravioli and some grilled veggies.  They were soggy and the mushroom cap was leaving that grey water on the plate.  Not bad, but not good either.  The ravioli was okay, but not to die for.  We waited another 10 minutes for our pasta - vegetable lasagna with alfredo sauce and my fettuccine.  Vegetable lasagna, dear readers, isn't just broccoli sandwiched between layers of pasta and swimming in sauce.  There are other vegetables out there, like eggplant, tomatoes, mushrooms, onions...I could go on and on.  The lasagna was sad.  I mean it literally looked like it was crying on the plate.  My alfredo was sandy, and when I say that I mean the sauce had grit in it that grinded like sand between my teeth.  I stopped halfway through in fear of digesting alien fragments.  We did not get the bread that was supposed to come with our meal, either.I paid over $50 for lunch to eat crap.  I was very disappointed, felt like I was raped of my money, and honestly did not have the best time in the restroom that evening.  Needless to say I will never EVER returrn here again.  God willing.
2	This was not my goal. I had heard good reviews over the years of the Bootlegger Bistro but our visit on a Wednesday evening at 10:00 pm was not good for several reasons. 1. First, the (very) good part. The history of the Bootlegger is alive and well on the walls and the decor. We sat in the old booths where apparently many of the early Las Vegas icons may have sat - fun to chat about. But better yet, one (or more) of the video monitors plays continuous clips of Las Vegas in the 60s and 70s - again, fun and entertaining.2. Now, unfortunately, the food was simply bland. No Italian bistro should have bland food at any point, it's a fundamental flaw or here, 'the kiss of death.' When an Italian place serves a generic tasting sauce, it's time for one of those TV shows to enter the picture and accomplish some major changes.3. We ordered Eggplant Parmigiana and a chicken dish, Pollo All Angelo. Each of ours dishes had no taste to it other than a series of generic ingredients, of the canned type, placed together and heated. The pasta was a bit undercooked but okay.4. At one point the two servers both disappeared for about 5 minutes after another group came in. The bartender was 'quietly' yelling, i.e. arms up in frustration, looking all about, making the gestures along with some additional bar guests seated nearby.5. Unexplainable part. I had ordered a Coke, it was normal. Then middle of the dinner, I ordered another one, refill, it was strangely different, much more syrup-like.6. In sum, the food was ~ I sincerely dislike saying this ~ bland at every point, the service was fast-food like, meaning adequate but intermittent definitely, but the atmosphere was pleasant. Unfortunately, that is not nearly enough to return. I would rather eat great food at a dive or 'hole in the wall.'7. As for some of the other reviews I see here - I highly suspect one or two as possibly being 'affiliated' with the place. The words just seem too simplistic in one case, too broad in another. Now, if I hear there was new management and an improved menu at some point, we may re-visit, but no time soon. Strange thought here - knowing that so many famous people had eaten at the Bootlegger in the prior locale, and hearing about this place for, well, decades, I was looking forward to a good dinner with my wife. It simply failed. The irony is that I had just shared with my wife that Olive Garden doesn't essentially cook anything, no grills, but uses microwaves to re-heat all the pre-packaged items sent to each store.
4	Walking into this restaurant reminds me of old Vegas. They have live floor shows here, red leather booths and nothing is fancy or trendy. It's my kind of vibe! I didn't get to actually sit down and eat here, but I did utilize their handy takeout section! They offer everything imaginable on the menu that pertains to Italian. From calzones and pizzas to pasta and paninis, I'm pretty sure there's something for every appetite on the menu which could be a very bad thing for someone with awful menu anxiety like me! Ultimately, I went with a delicious Bootlegger sub with meats, cheese, tomato and olive oil. The guy at the counter suggested that I order it hot which I did and I was happy he suggested it! Next time I'm in Vegas, I will have to make it a point to visit this little Old Vegas restaurant off the beaten strip-path!
5	I had my wedding reception dinner here on 10/20/12 in their Vegas Room, this was amazing, the gal that helped me, Denise was so wonderful and helpful and made detailks so easy for me from start to finish.  The staff who worked just in this room was great! The location was so special it was like we had our own little touch of Italy just for us and our guests. THE FOOD, was the BEST ever, everysingle guest said how excellent the food was, the salmon was by far the best I have ever had anywhere, the lasagna the spaghetti all of the food was amazing.  I can't thank the Bootlegger Bistro enough for making my wedding so special and wonderful, we can't wait to come back and eat - My wedding cake was even made by a chef at the Bistro, Cyn cakes this was so good tooLove to all of you!!thank you so muchTed & Antoinette BlaulCalifornia
2	I've wanted to try the Bootlegger for a few years now.  We finally went and boy was I bummed!  The service was okay, we sat in the bar in one of the booths.  The server was friendly and attentive but the food wasn't anything special.  I had some chicken and artichoke pasta dish.  I had to really add a lot of salt, no flavor and the chicken was rubbery.  The sauce was watered down and lacked flavor.  My dad and fiance didn't care for their meal either.  I thought the entrees were high in price for the value and quality of the food.  If you're looking for SUPERB Italian food at comparable prices, drive south on LVB to Marinelli's at M Resort and Casino (about 3 miles) and you'll fall in love with the fresh, decadent food.
5	I asked my Italian friend, that grew up and was raised in Italy most of his life, to recommend me a great Italian spot...Bootleggers is what he told me.This is a very solid Italian spot.  The atmosphere at dinner is low lit, warm, and welcoming with the piano bar and music.  Service is fast and has an old vegas / "home cooked meal" feel to it.Prices are fair, especially for the quality and serving sizes.  We have been here quite a few times, and try to order different things each time.  We have had the mussels/pasta, lasagna, ravioli, etc etc and all have been great tasting and an excellent night out.Although I have recently found a new favorite Italian spot to frequent, Bootleggers is a very solid choice especially if you are on this neck of the woods!Definitely give it a go!
3	When in Vegas, stroll off the strip to visit The Bootlegger Bistro. Featuring a full menu 24 hours, 7 days a week, you'll have plenty of time to fit this restaurant into your itinerary. I was lucky enough to be with a party that reserved the large private building in the back. The decor was elegant, complete with chandeliers and historic pictures. For dinner, I tried the "Salmone," which was pan seared salmon served with salmon stuffed ravioli. What interested me most about this dish was the squid ink black ravioli shells, which were light but slightly chewy. The salmon itself was slightly sub par, being dry and lacking in the typical juicy flavor of the fish. Overall, the environment was nicely decorated, and the food was interesting enough. If you have a car, it's worth the trip off the strip. If not, I'd hunker down at an establishment with better flavor.
3	old school vegas feel in modern times. the food here is not the best i've ever had but its good. the meatballs were moist and flavorful and the carbonara had god flavor but i wasn't liking the noodle choice for the dish. all in all if your looking for old school ambiance with good food than this place is for you.
4	Very good Italian food. Better than anything I had on the strip. Very reasonable prices as well!
5	This restaurant is not what I expected at all.  A co-worker mentioned this spot and the name made me think of some kind of sports bar or western barbecue joint.When we walked in, I thought I would be too underdressed, but the environment has a casual feel to it.  It's almost like one of those really nice restaurants with the really good food that you want to go to, but you really don't want to get dressed to the nines beforehand.  Well, then you have found your new Mecca.The seated us and the nicest waiter that I have encountered in Las Vegas took our drink orders and brought us a plate of bread bites with a bowl of homemade marinara sauce to dip.  Oh my gosh...the marinara sauce is the best I have ever tasted.  The person I was with is more of an Alfredo sauce fan, but she loved it also.We placed our orders and they brought out my Chicken Parmesan.  The chicken was lightly breaded enough so that it added to the flavor very well, but didn't detract from the fact that it was a moist piece of chicken.  They included a side of angel hair pasta with marinara that was delicious and the entree was so big that I had enough for the next day.  We also ordered tiramisu to go and it was the best I have ever eaten.I can't say enough good things about this place.  The service was above and beyond, the food was delicious and the prices weren't that bad.  I will be back and intend to bring out of town guests with me.
2	Great Italian food, dreadful service.  This was my go-to place for good Italian but my last two visits were dreadful in terms of service.  I am not sure what happened.  The last time I was there with a group of 4, it took an hour to get our drinks.  30 minutes later, we told them that if we didn't get our food, we were walking.  Theyfinally  brought out our food & bought our drinks as a courtesy but no one from management bothered to drop by & apologize.   I am very sad as I really liked their food but the service keeps deteriorating
5	We came in with no reservation and they took care of us. Excellent customer service, great ambiance and food was excellent.  Really good italian. October 2012 .
5	Awsome
5	Garlicky escargot.  Yes baby,  that is my bag. I can't go anywhere that makes it so superbly as Bootlegger. The coffee isn't so hot but the cuisine is outstanding. Service is almost fine dining
4	VERY good pizza and lasagna!!Nice atmosphere, overall great restaurant but the lasagna took longer than the pizza? Will go back next year!
5	Awesome food. I will recommend this establishment to others without hesitation! We had three bottles of wine for free with coupons from our hotel. Try the stuffed mushrooms. You will be happy. This place makes your tongue smack your brains out!
2	I have always had a decent experience with the Bootlegger however tonight when wanting to have business drinks with business associates we were treated extremely rude by the waiter and two gals at the counter.  We all decided there are way to many places to eat, drink and be social we will never return to the bootlegger.
5	Excellent old-Vegas atmosphere and a fantastic breakfast menu. My favorite is the breakfast pizza.
5	We believe the Italian food is the best here. Southern Italian is simple with just the right spices. The problem with other Southern Italian restaurants is they try to make it fancy and it don't work. This place is an authentic traditional Southern Italian Restaurant with great pastas, meatballs, and sauce.
2	The place is a nice looking establishment with old Vegas feel and had a good amount of people at 2am. The bartender had a great personality and lots of enthusiasm. He directed us to our server who could answer all our questions. Our server was not familiar with the menu and informed us that he had "only" been working there a few months. I'm sorry, but in a few months, he can learn about the menu. He did not attempt once to find an answer to our questions and basically just said "I don't know" and left it at that. He wasn't too thrilled about serving us. I had the eggplant frit which had no flavor. The pancakes were far from fluffy soft and hot which I think pancakes are supposed to be. The mozzarella sticks were decent. The complimentary garlic knots had a good flavor but by the hard and chewy texture, I would guess they weren't fresh out of the oven. Won't be back and won't recommend it to anyone.
5	Love the Garlic knots!!!!!  Italian sausage was to die for !!!!  Can't wait to go back !!!!
3	Went for lunch with co-workers. The building from outside looks new but when you get in, it looks like old Las Vegas. I ordered the very basic and ordinary Spaghetti Meatball (Note: it only came with one meatball). It wasn't bad. It didn't taste out of the can. The meatball was tasty. I wish they could've added a couple more since the meatball looked sad and alone on the plate. Their breadsticks were ordinary. Cannoli was surprisingly good. It had that orange flavoring in the cream. May or may not be back.
2	Let's just start with the basics.  If it were based on aesthetics, I'd give this place five stars.  I totally dig old-school style lounges/restaurants that remind me of back home and this does just that.  Not a party place, but has that Frank Sinatra lounge vibe, live music and nice decor.  While I went to the bar area and not the restaurant, I did not do full dining, but would probably not after my experience.  I work in the industry and I truly hate to knock servers/bartender, but the service was pretty bad.  The bartenders were very nice, but me and my cousin literally had to ask for everything TWICE and the bar was half full.  We ordered dessert, but she only took my order and walked away before he could order.  I like to chalk it up to maybe both bartenders were having an off-day, but I will not be giving this place a second chance.  The garlic knots were tasty but slightly hard.
4	This is a pretty cool place.  It's like taking a trip in time back to old Vegas.  I hear the food is hit or miss and on the night I visited, it was a HUGE HIT...We ate a few nights before at a place which prides itself on being an upscale place and we  ordered a bone in ribeye AT THIS OTHER PLACE a few nights before.  Not only was is bland, not very tasty and expensive, I decided to try this places Ribeye with no bone and compare.  There was no comparison.  The BOOTLEGGER, BLEW THE OTHER PLACE AWAY, YES!!!  The ribeye was a very nice size, very tasty, perfectly cooked and yes, almost $15 cheaper then the other place.  The food we had here was a very enjoyable experience and until we have a bad experience here, this is a place we would return to.It is a cool place to go visit with lots of pictures, an interesting decor and worth seeing.
5	Excellent food. Best Italian in Vegas. Highly recommend for breakfast and dinner. The price is so good you would think the food would be cheap but you would be mistaken. AM service was outstanding but the night crew could use some work. May have been an off night. Still worth the 5 stars.
3	After driving by this place time and time again, hearing of the "Old Vegas" fee, I just had to try it.  I live on the other side of town, so I tried to kill two birds with one stone and join a new friend for dinner there.  I liked the atmosphere and the food was pretty good as well.  The service was nice, but I think the "vibe" everyone has told me about was missing.  Granted it was a Wednesday night and still early...that and the company turned out to be something very unique and less than compatible, so I will definitely be giving this place another chance in the future.
4	A customer of mine recommended Bootlegger's to me when I first moved to Vegas a few months ago, and this place is a winner. It's amazing to me that this place is opened 24/7. They also have live music I believe around 9PM which adds to the ambiance. I'd say it has a very classic Italian feel with dim lighting, candlelight, & professional waiters. But the important part is the food. I've been here I'd say 3-4 times now, and have ordered something different every time, and I have liked everything. the dinner salads are huge, the chicken piccata is delicious, spaghetti and meatballs a safe and yummy choice. My in-laws ordered the baked penne, and bolognese, both delish. The bread with marinera before your meal is great, warm and always tasty. The only gripe is the desserts we ordered were just ok. Good not great. The cannoli's had a citrusy flavor, and chocolate chips, which to us was just a tad odd tasting. FYI, the bar has video poker, if you like playing while you drink.All in all, this is a great Italian restaurant, the staff is always attentive and the food delicious. We will be back for more!
4	Two words:  Garlic Nuggets.  Wow these things are amazing; and I don't even like garlic.  I stopped in here for the first time and had a very nice meal which started off with the complimentary garlic nuggets.  I then chose the Baked Penne which was cooked perfectly just past al dente and had just the right amount of baked-on cheese on top. The sauce they make is quite tasty as well.  The portion was perfect; not too small and not so large that I felt like a fat kid.  I wasn't planning on having desert but when the waiter said they had Cannoli's with a hint of Grand Marnier in them I could not resist...those were incredible, I loved the slight orange flavor.Prices are fairly reasonable.  My meal, which included the baked penne, a glass of chianti and the cannoli cost about 30 bucks.I was a little apprehensive when I walked in and saw a video poker bar slap dab in the middle of the place..."oh boy, smoking" I thought to myself.  NOPE!  100% Smoke free!  Nice atmosphere with a ton of old school pics on the wall and very nice and sincere wait staff.  I will definitely return for another sampling of their food.
1	I'm guessing there are no managers at the restaurant during breakfast. We walked in at 7:20 am, and no one was there. We walked around the restaurant to find someone sleeping on the couch. In the back of the restaurant, we located someone (perhaps the cook?) eating a bowl of cereal and he stated he'd get someone to seat us. We were sat in the large dining area only to be forced to endure very loud rap music. I informed our server about the gentleman sleeping on the couch and she just laughed about it. I ordered the Italian style Eggs Benedict, which weren't good. The egg was poached properly, but the hollandaise lacked any flavor. It also took quite a long time to refill our drinks. I will never go there for breakfast again. Very disappointing. I should note, I've had dinner there probably a dozen times, and I never had any problems like this and the food was terrific. If suggest staying away in the morning though.
5	I love this place! Everything I've had in the five times I've been there has been absolutely delicious! Definitely recommend this place!
5	Service n decor is outstanding! Old school vibe. Great place for friends from out of town. The name throws u off?? Sounds like a biker bar. All other reviews are on point. Have you ever  had bad garlic bread? It's a no brainier. So if your driving in from California exit early at south point and head north on lv blvd.
1	I'm sure there's amazing things on their menu. However, when I try a new place, and see that they have Philly cheesesteaks on their menu, I try that, as a barometer. I mistakenly asked my waitress how it compares to my favorite Philly in Las Vegas before I ordered it. She said, "[other restaurant] is shit, this is way better." Customer service tip - when someone mentions their favorite place, and you tell them it's shit, you A) had better be prepared to back that up with a quality sandwich, and B) know them pretty well, since a lot of people are unaccustomed to that type of treatment in restaurants. I had the Philly cheesesteak equivalent of the McRib, my co-worker had the most uninspiring spaghetti and some sort of sausage (but made fresh, onsite, daily!) that made him wonder if he had actually eaten anything. The waitress came back to ask how much better it was than my favorite restaurant. I told her it wasn't. I didn't mention the whole McRib part of it, just that it wasn't better than [redacted]. She said, "Well, when you're used to eating shit, I guess you get to like shit." Customer service tip number two: Do not call your customers coprophages unless you have actually observed them eating shit. Seriously, with unemployment as high as it is, do restaurants REALLY have to scrape the bottom of the barrel for employees like this?
1	Wanted a place close by to grab a late dinner around 10pm. Chili's and Bootlegger popped up so we chose BL. We are greeted nicely and shown to the bar. It took 5 minutes to receive menus, finally also greeted by the bartender, Fred. The two of us ordered drinks. Then the calamari and smaller portioned bar lasagna. 15 minutes go by and we get our calamari.. Not bad, not amazing. Garlic knots were dry. We then see a large lasagna come out, but the bartender immediately told the runner it was the wrong size. (And we heard it) He takes it back.. 30 minutes go by.. I ask if our food will be ready soon and the bartender quickly says, "Yes, soon." A smaller version comes out but it's quickly whisked away by Fred as he mumbles frustration under his breath and goes to the kitchen. We see a small female manager and ask her for the check, she says yes but that we need to wait for the bartender to come back. He comes back, says not ONE WORD to us and drops the check. The lasagna was taken off. Okay, fine, but as two people that work in the industry, you keep your customers in the loop. He said nothing, no apology, no acknowledgment whatsoever. And it would maybe be understood if we were rude, but in fact we were too easy and he assumed they'll leave if I don't say anything to them. Ruined our night, spent 1hr 40minutes for nothing. What a coward and so unprofessional.
4	Bootlegger Bistro is a Vegas staple. The food will not rock your world but it is pretty good for a restaurant that has been around for like 50 years and is open 24 hours.The service is always good and they now take reservations which is also a plus. They just recently changed the menu and have added gluten free choices. I was pretty excited about this as I eat gluten free. I asked the waiter how they were and he said it tasted like crap and was mushy. okay- well thanks for being honest and I will order regular pasta. =)I always start with the Antipasti Classic. I will say that they used to have to different sizes ( small and large) and now they only have one. It is really small and if you are with a group, you will need to order 2. I wish they would have kept the different sizes. It is amazing no matter what size. I also order the Calamari Fritti which is pretty good, I can't complain at all.For my meal, I always order the angel hair pasta with the rose sauce ( which is almost like a vodka sauce). Add a little hot pepper to this and OMG- pure goodness. The BF always gets the Papperdelle Bolognese and it is so good.. It can compete with some of the top restaurants I have been to.The only thing I was disappointed with this time was the desserts. They changed the menu and the options are not very good. Hopefully they will be changing it to something better. Maybe add a mud pie or coffee ice cream cake.
1	The place has a great atmosphere but don't expect quick service for breakfast. It's almost like the staff have never worked in a restaurant before or could care less about refilling drinks or taking our order. We had to walk up to the server numerous times to ask for refills of our drinks. Such a shame the staff is not customer focused
5	Food was great, pre- dinner bread and sauce was fantastic.  I ordered the baked meat ravioli is was very flavorful and lots of cheese on top, just the way I like
4	Fantastic food. We held our event to launch The Beyond Trauma Foundation in the Copa Room, April 26th. We had guests from around the country celebrate our 1st birthday who are part of Survivor's Pay it Forward movement. Wonderful Food, a great room to hold an event all set up with TV screens, stage, sound and private rooms. I sincerely would like to thank Denise the events manager and the chef that night who created our buffet menu. It was some of the best Italian I have eaten in a long time. and thanks to our sound man Tyler... :)
2	I order the spagatti and meatball....the meatball was well made....the sauce was bland....the bread was too greasy and ok....can't say it suck...the food is ok...but kind of pricey...I had better..service was ok...
1	Raw bloody chicken.  1 star for the atmosphere.
2	I was here St. Patrick's Day night. What a disappointment. The piano player was playing. The minute we walked in he quite. The place felt like a morgue. So boring. The waiter was polite but acted like he didn't want to be there. The pizza was dry. The rest of the food was o.k. but it just wasn't like it use to be.
4	.Old School done right.. as in Really old school.  Great Itallian food, big bar, cool music.  old school waiters.. felt like Dino might come walkin in.  enjoyed and will return when in LV at my sons again.
2	I've been here once before today. The first time I didn't make it passed the hostess stand because they were so rude. A year later I decided to give the bistro a second chance. Wish I hadn't.We were sitting at our table for 10 min before someone came to greet us. I ordered the chicken parm which was good. Too much cheese for me but the marinara sauce was great.My boyfriend ordered a Marsala and Alfredo combo and hated the Marsala sauce. We rarely complain about food but he has had Marsala before and this wasn't what he was expecting. The server took his food to the kitchen and came back another 10 min later and handed me his plate saying theres nothing she can do because theres nothing wrong with it. What?! After his dish was analyzed with fingers and forks they expect us to eat this and pay for it!? I work in the industry and was pretty appalled by this. I asked to talk to the manager who never came. Instead, the server came back and magically found a way to take the Marsala off our bill and then ignored us for the duration of our dinner. The food isn't worth the aggravation.2 stars solely for the piano player.
5	When I moved to Vegas a year ago a buddy raved about this place. I finally went tonight 6/26/13. I just moved in the neighborhood and I am walking distance. Decided to sit at the bar and met the awesome bartender Fred. He is full of awesomeness and can make someone feel at home. Split the dinner lasagna and I gotta tell you its the beat I have ever had. Soft. Moist. Cheesy and the best part... It is not heavy. As light as a lasagna can be. We also tried the mozarella sticks. Let me tell you. Not that frozen crap. I took a bite and it was heaven. For desert I got the canoli. With a hint or orange and not too sweet chocolate it was awesome! All in all I will be back at least 2 times a month. Oh don't forget to try their bread. It's a party in every bite. Just remember to add 5-15 minutes of cardio to your workouts after. This not for calorie watchers. Go see Fred and have him guide you through Italy in LV!
4	The food was great. It's lovely to see a vegetarian lasagne on the menu! The ambiance was lovely with mood lighting and a talented pianist. The family behind the establishment has a fascinating history which they share through the menu. Our waiter was very friendly and patient. Overall we had a great time here and the only thing which would make it better was if it were a little cheaper. Thank you. :)
4	I love this place: great food. We went to LV for a week and got to know this place. We went there three times. The meals are decently priced and delicious, especially considering it is a 24 hour bar and restaurant. Although the service is a little bit slow, I enjoyed the visits of this place. I will come back.
2	Had dinner here on 7/18/13. My wife and I both had the Baked Penne and the kids ordered the Spaghetti & Meatballs from the kids menu that was handed to them. Food was descent. We actually thought Macaroni Grill has better tasting food. The service by the waiters assistant was great. He kept our water glasses full. When we got the bill we notice the price of the kids Spaghetti at $12 plus $3 for the meatballs, instead of the $7 shown on the kids menu. Make sure you pay close attention to the prices you are charged on your bill. Luckily we caught it and the waiter changed our bill.
1	Went to this place Sunday night with a coupon for a free bottle of wine.  This bottle was cheap variety,  $6.99 value.  However it is added to your bill for $25, then they tax and tip it +18% and plus 10%, and then take the $25 off.  You ultimately pay $7-$8 for it.Let's get to the real issues.My wife is very particular about raw meat. She eats nothing less than little pink with brown.  I went through the motions of having the waiter describe what medium is, (red with pink), and medium well is (little pink with brown).  My wife was delivered a raw steak bleeding on the plate.  We asked for flash fry... Plate came back extremely hot... It was microwaved.  Classy.I was charged $12 to add shrimp scampi to my steak.  My steak came with an onion ring and 3 asparagus. No Scampi.  When the check came I asked about the $12, and he insinuated the scampi WAS on the steak.  This was soooo insulting.  I had to prove it did not come on my steak which was easy to do as I ate less than half as it was a tasteless NY bone off.  They have no steaks Bone-In.The Antipasto salad  was also an issue.  I don't like olives, and didn't eat any and was fine.  My wife however threw up the whole night mostly olive and tomatoes... Maybe from the raw steak??? Who knows... My poor wife...Lastly the auto gratuity for my family with 4 kids. (4, 6, and 8 years old)  Seems tacky to force gratuity on such a bad experience and mostly kids at the table.   It took over 10 minutes to get the check adjusted as he started over the bill to adjust the tax and gratuity.  Somehow with 4 kids the bill was over $200 after adjustments.  :( (reminding you there was no alcohol on the tab as the wine was "free")Don't go here.  The food isn't that good, service even worse.  Waiters with memory of a goldfish and then insulting you by not letting you give a deserving tip.  With service this bad, forcing gratuity is the only way they would get tips.
1	An italian place that can not seat a family of 10 what a joke!
5	I've been going to the Bootlegger since I was 13 years old, I'm now 30. It's still one of my favorite Italian restaurants in town. Very good Pizza and authentic Italian food. The food used to be somewhat better when it was just a family run little hole in the hold place in Henderson, but even since then the food quality is always consistent and delicious.
5	Wonderful food. Best chicken Parmesan and lasagna we have had in a long time.  The service was excellent.  This place is open 24 hours so after a night at the casinos you can come here and get a great meal.  During dinner hours I suggest a reservations.  We got here just before dinner and by the time we had our meals the place was packed with people waiting to get in.
5	This place is awesome! Came here late at night while staying at the hotel across the street and the bartenders were cool, hipster types but unlike many who are pretentious, they were super friendly and made my girlfriend and I feel right at home. 5 stars all the way!!!
5	I am a regular here and can not say enough good things. I love love love this place. Everything on the menu is amazing. The wine is perfectly chilled, the service is impeccable, and the lil breads are the most delicious things you can imagine. The soup and spaghetti with meat balls are usually on the top of my list but the Caesar salad is to die for too. The original booths are my home away from home. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
4	We came on a Wednesday evening because a contact lens company wanted to wine and dine us. For drinks, I had an Italian margarita. Appetizers, we had fried calamari and a fried vegetable platter. My entree was 16oz NY steak and shrimp scampi and my gf had the 10oz steak and shrimp scampi. For dessert, we had cheese cake and tiramisu! Full course! what what! haha- Easy parking. South of the strip. Near South LV outlets- Elegant vibe. Pianist playing classics. At one point, there was a live singer. I was surprised they did all this on a Wednesday. -  Great service. Multiple servers. Nice recommendations. Quick refills. - Italian margarita gave me a light buzz. Nice amaretto flavor, sweet and sour.  - Funny that we order American and not Italian. It's an Italian restaurant. - Calamari was average. Salty- Vegetable platter was good. I enjoyed the mushroom and zuchhini - I ordered my steak medium and it came to me medium-well. Fail. Gf ordered Med-Well, and it came well done. 2x fail. I guess next time I'll order med-rare to get med! haha- Otherwise, steak was seasoned nice. Not the best steak, but no real complaints- Scampi was amazing! Flavor was strong. Loved it. Wish it came with a bit more. I'm not sure if I'd pay $12 for it myself though. - The potatoes were presented in slices stacked on top of each other, which I have never seen before. Delicious taste and wonderful texture. - Cheese cake was ordinary. Far from Cheese Cake Factory. More like buffet-style cheesecake. - I had a great time. Nice ambiance. Video poker if you're bored. Good recommendation for a fancy dine out.
4	Definitely a Hidden Gem in Las Vegas.  Old school nice with a live piano player makes for a great ambiance.  The garlic bread is amazing and endless-me likes, but don't eat 2 much of it.  The house wine is from a box-I think. Lasagna is deliciousSpaghetti and Meatballs are wonderfulAlfredo is good for the kidsI've been many times and everything has been palatable...This place is well worth the money and definitely worth a try.  I know food and just trust me this time!!!
5	Old school Italian. Lorraine Hunt keeps this tradition alive.  Love the food. Same as always.   Thank you Lorraine.
5	Bootleggers is a wonderful place to take your date out to eat, or just getting out for date night and even family outing. The setting and lighting is fantastic and during dinner service live entertainment. Bootleggers capture the Golden Years of American Italian culture. Plus the History of Bootleggers itself is wonderful, I had to see what my clients were raving about and this place is Amazing!!! Great Italin dishses... Yummy!!!!
5	Romantic Dinner Date!!! My wife ordered Osso Bucco and I've ordered the Seafood Diavlo (clams,shrimp,calamari, noodles, with med spice red sauce). Excellent food! No doubt the best we have ever had! And to top it off, the piano player was freaking amazing! Even an older gentleman got up and sang a sing along with the piano. The guy was very good! Really enjoyed the ambiance of the music as well as the classy Italian (Old World Feel)! The service is on point and attentive! Got seated quickly in a nice large comfy booth. Bottom line, you need to swing on by here and have a bite to eat with your better half! Awesome place!
1	I'm giving them 1 star for food only.  Went there last night for 20th Wedding Anniversary and there were only a few people there and our waitress was helpful for the first 5 minutes and then 2 bigger parties of people came in and our waitress only came back to bring me my salmon that was raw that I just told her to nuke (yet it took 10 minutes) for me to get it back.  In the meantime she was schmoozing the large table for obvious tip reasons.  There were only 3 of us since our daughter met us for dinner and the waitress had dollar signs in her eyes rather than service signs.  Both husband and I have waited tables before and are excellent tippers, but knew what was going on so she got a whopping 5 dollar tip from us.  An hour and 20 minutes later we were finally able to leave after getting the manager so we could get our bill and by now the restaurant was full and he had the audacity to say he was going to look to see when our ticket went up (like I was lying when I said we waited 45 minutes for our food and an hour for my salmon).  Anyway, my husband rates this place a 0, but knows I like it okay so took me there.. Now we're on the same page.  Glad I'm a local so I can spread the word.  Was fun sipping on one beer and ice cubes since filling up my water glass was too much for our waitress.. It's always more frustrating when you watch the other diners she's laughing with and running around for knowing they're having a good experience for the evening.  Bummer for the 20th.  No more going out on anniversaries..  With a smaller party you just get ignored when there's more money to be had elsewhere.  Shame on them.
2	I wanted to love this place so much and if it wasn't for a horrible service/inattentive wait staff I would give it four stars.We had a server named Aaron, hate to call him out by name but watching how his co-workers mingled with their tables to ensure they had drinks filled/ their appetizers/main courses came out correctly I have to say we didn't get that same level of professionalism.We were sat by the hostess who said your waiter will be right over. 10 mins later we flagged down a kid carrying a pitcher of water and asked who or waiter was? "I don't know but I will have someone come over right away" 5 minutes later Aaron came over asked if he could take our orders? Didn't apologize for ignoring us for 15 minutes or even try to explain he was double or triple sat, he just carried on like it was normal protocol to have a table sat and ignore them. We wanted to start with a drink, an appetizer. We should have guessed what was going to happen when the GF asked if one drink had Tequila or not. Another 15 minute wait for him to find out and bring my beverage and another 10 minutes for hersAfter drinks were ordered we ordered an appetizer and was told "I'm not sure if we have any of that left, let me go check and I will be right back" this time he was only gone 10 minutes and said "we can make that for you, do you still want it"? Well yes that's the whole reason we sat here and waited for you to come back! If you are counting that's 40-50 minutes and we have only been given two glasses of water and a soda.We had empty drinks on our table about 40% of the time we were there. Waiters, Busboys and others walked by our table and ignored our requests for assistance to get refills or our bill. (Actually a younger kid seeing our distress did get us refills and our to go boxes) I know the other waiters had their tables but a simple "I'm sorry I will send Aaron over right away" would have been niceWe had some good food but sadly not great. I had the Seafood Diavolo, the seafood was fresh but the sauce was a weak bland sauce when I had ordered it medium I was expecting it to have a little bite. If I can convince myself to patronize them again I will try it hot.The Antipasta Classici, was what he was worried about not having any more and was quite exceptional. Best part of our meal was a plate of sliced meat and cheeses? Our server only came back once to our table and that was to give us our bill. There were empty tables everywhere and we should have been given more attention, just like the tables around us. The best part of our meal was the guy playing the piano and his sexy singer belting out classic lounge act songs. The singer bantered with a few tables making them part of the show. The two of them were  a nod to classic Vegas and actually did elevate our experience from a horrible one to a mediocre one.We may be back but it sadly won't be the first place I recommend to my friends or family.
5	Was referred to this place from a friend. Being Italian I was definitely skeptical. I must say that the pink sauce was by far the best I've ever had. My pasta and bread were amazing and I will definitely come back ...
4	I love the old school flair of this joint. Reminds me of a past life from 1938 when the mob ran Las Vegas and people knew your name. Great food and Pizza and it is a Las Vegas from yesterday with no need to pay $50,000 just to get a comp.
4	Sunday breakfast with the family. I had the Italian Benny. It was very good. I loved the potatoes. My daughter had the Italian French toast that is coated with Captain Crunch. She liked it but is still trying to figure out why it is called Italian. The coffee has a really good flavor but I had some grounds on the bottom of the cup. Yuck! The service was just so so, didn't give us enough menus and then one of them was for pizza instead of breakfast. All in all I will definitely be coming back
3	My hubby & I decided to dine @ the Bistro for our anniversary. We had never been there before and weren't sure what to expect. The outside of the building seems kinda cool. We walked inside and I wasn't inspired by the large velvet/velour curtains. We were sat at an uninspiring square table right next to the aisles. Our waiter was kind but not very pleasant. I ordered a Riesling. It was a wee bit sour. I ordered Insalata Pomadora...it was AMAZING. I also ordered Capallini Pomodora (w/ pesto grilled chicken-ala carte)...also AMAZING. My hubby ordered Insalata Casa-however, he preferred my salad & Chicken Parm~ he loved that. Now, The food was pretty much amazing.  There was a 'lovely' ancient basement smell to the place. The linens were LESS than fresh. They smelled like they were stored in an old ancient basement. WE felt no need or reason to hang around. The piano player was "eh"... The waiter rarely spoke to us... But did his job. Maybe if he knew it was our anniversary we would have gotten a better table or something that would have made me decide to give another star.
5	The staff was great, the food was great and everything about this place was to die for. A wonderful lounge singer and traditional Italian fare. I would go back again and again and probably gain about 20lbs.
5	Hands down, the best Italian food I've ever had.  I feel like no one would ever expect a restaurant that's open 24 hours to have food that is this high quality.  I make it a point to go every time I visit Las Vegas, and no matter what I order, I am never disappointed.  The service is friendly, and the ambiance is very old school sin city.  Don't miss this diamond in the rough!
3	If your looking for some good food after a night out on the strip Bootleggers is the place to be. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Also a great place to meet some Vegas locals
5	SHOUTOUT TO RICHARD!!! Our great server who put up with my slightly drunk shenanigans! =)OH MYYYYYYYY!!! It's time to spend some quality time with my friend Kristin before her man takes her away from me to California! She suggested Bootlegger, said it's suppose to be really good! SOOO here we are. Kristin started off with some Calamari and the Wedge Salad... Also some garlic table bread with marinara sauce. I'm already slightly buzzed and I am ready to EAT!!! The bread and marinara was SO good.. I TOTALLY filled up on it... The Calamari was delish - Can't really go wrong with this dish! And the Wedge was totally good and I'm really NOT a fan of bleu cheese. At all! It was QUITE tastey though!! I am a GIANT seafood love and this dish immediately caught my eye on the menu: Seafood Diavolo "House Specialty" Clams, calamari, shrimp & mussels cioppino style over linguine in mild, medium or hot spicy tomato broth... OH. MY. GOD. SPICY HEAVEN IN MY MOUTH!!! It was NIIIIIIIIIIIICE and spicy and had SO much seafood and FABULOUS flavor!! I ate about half of it since I filled up on the bread before it actually arrived... I had the rest boxed up though and BC thoroughly enjoyed it himself - we cannot wait to go back and get our grub on with this dish again!! NOM NOM NOM!!!!!! Seriously. We are totes going back in like, four days! I also hear the pizza is great so I can't wait to try that too!
5	My girl Kristin recommended this place and we went with Jenny d and another fiend will. Our server Richard was awesome!!! I know we prob didn't make it easy to help us since we had been drinking all night. But he kept up with us and our outrages humor... The food was amazing!!!  Highly recommend the steak and shrimp!!! The appetizers were great and those bread bites!!! If your in the area you gotta try it!!
1	Wow!! Worst service ever!Well first off our waiter Shawn went out and smoked pot about half way through our meal. He came back and reeked of weed!! Then he forgot to get our drinks. Again, he was high. Then we had to go to the bar to get our waters refilled. Do you see a pattern here? Food was fantastic. Service was the worst!! Probably won't be back! At least at Olive Garden you get good service.
2	We ate at this restaurant a month ago and our pasta was great and loved the entertainment. So my husband's mom came here for the holiday from Florida and I wanted to take her there Saturday night.  Unfortunately, this time was NOT a good experience whatsoever.  My pasta which should have been baked and come out piping hot and was barely warm.  Had to take almost the whole thing to go so I could properly heat it myself.  My mother in law ordered the cod and you could smell it the minute the waiter brought it to the table...extremely fishy and it cost $22 so needless to say she was very disappointed.  On top of all this, my water glass sat bone dry until I was finally able to ask my waiter for water.  When we told him the fish tasted fishy he acted surprised???  Really, I could smell it arriving and he delivered it.We will try going to this restaurant again but it will be awhile.
3	place was okay, my group got wings, mozzarella sticks. Personally I got the Italian Sausage sandwich. The wings were pretty good but aside from that everything else was just decent. I would say my favorite thing about this spot would be the ambiance. It has a dark jazzy lounge kind of feeling to it. Would be good for a classy dinner date but if you are going solely for food you can find something better
4	Sorry to see mixed reviews....our two visits last week were great!Four of us, waiter was Roger - been there 10 years and he was very good.  Osso Buco and saltimbucco....calamari and the veal marsala...all very good.  My wife thought the accompanying alfredo was the best she'd ever had.  Second night, water was Vito, also excellent.  And again, all four meals were excellent.  I asked for pomodoro instead of the alfredo side and that was disappointing - tomatos were canned and I could't taste or see the garlic.  But as a side dish, that sure did not ruin the evening at all.We didn't get to try a dessert - too full both nights.  And the Thursday visit included a piano plyer with "lounge" type music.  Far from the best - real far.So we've got a new go-to in Vegas.  And it was extra nice to get off the strip (about 3 miles south of Mandalay Bay).Oh, they're open 24/7!!!!
4	We have now made this a regular spot to visit every time we are in Las Vegas area.  THe food has been amazing each time and great service.  On busy nights food does take a while to come out but the rolls are amazing and keep us plenty satisfied while we wait
3	This place had its ups and downs. The atmosphere is lovely , very old school great for a date at night. The food is ok depending on what you get, kinda pricey. And nothing outstanding for the price either. Portions I think are big or at least enough to share. The main thing with this place is the service, I wanted to give 2 1/2 stars. The service is just slow, inconsistent and dreadful. By the time we got our food we didn't care and just wanted to leave. A formal complaint was actually made at the end. Save this place to try on a busy date night when they got something going on and it might be worth it. I don't suggest coming here for a quick lunch or entirely for food itself. It has location, a vtg vegas feel atmosphere and I don't drink but it also has booze too. However just for the food and the service alone would not be worth the trip.
5	A friend recommended Bootleggers and it has become our absolute favorite dining experience in Vegas! Bootleggers offers the whole package,  attentive and friendly staff who provide the best of service, drinks made perfectly an d everything we've had on the menu is beyond exceptional... My favorite is their Oso Bucco, we also enjoyed eggplant parmesan,  Papperdelle Bolognese and their neckbone appetizer is heavenly!!  Open 24 hours,  with a live piano player,  and old school las vegas ambiance, Bootleggers is an absolute must try when in Las Vegas!
4	I'm not always impressed with this place but the food is amazing and it has a special place in my heart. It was one of the first dates I had with my fiance. We used to go every year on our anniversary but each time we were less and less impressed with the service. We've stayed away for so long because we always ended up with crappy servers who just didn't have time for us ( even with an empty restaurant.)We went last night for the first time in a very long time. We were blown away by how awesome our server was. (Danny- seriously the best server in any restaurant we've had in a while.) We weren't rushed in and out like we normally are. We was friendly,  always on top of filling our drinks. He was just the best. (Thanks Danny!) Because of last night I think we will start giving this place a chance more often. As long as we get to sit in Danny's section ;)
4	We were in Las Vegas last week for NFR and I read on the back of a magazine that this was a place to try.  We were driving back to our hotel and saw it so decided to stop in for a late lunch.  The place is very old school and the food was outstanding.  I am Italian so I am pretty picky about what Italian food I eat.  I would recommend the lasagna and the meatball sandwich for lunch.  Great flavor and good size portions.  If we would have had time, we would have gone back for dinner to try the antipasta.  Will be back next year for NFR and will come back!  We sat at the bar and had no problems with the service.  The waitress was very friendly.
5	This place is fantastic! The food was amazing!  We went on a Monday which is open night mic. There was an amazing amount of talent that got up the whole evening. The service was great! really couldn't have had a better time if I tried
5	This is hands down the best Itallian restaurant in Las Vegas.  I dine out frequently, and have tried all of the main restaurants in the valley.... the food, atmospher and service combine to make this the best dining experience you could ask for.  It's hard to pick a favorite meal.... everything they serve, pasta, beef, chicken, seafoood... are all top notch, and worthy of any of the more exclusive (read "expensive') restaurants inside the resort  corridor.
5	Amazing food!  Amazing staff! Amazing talent and atmosphere! Can't wait to go back! We celebrated the new year in class! This was such a lovely venue and great time!
3	We went for dinner with cousins while we were in Vegas.  We had a reservation but still had to wait 45 minutes for our table.  Once we were seated, the service and food were great!
5	The atmosphere is what makes this place so amazing. It is fairly dark on the inside and elegant looking. It's like stepping into the past to eat Italian food. The service is wonderful and all of the servers I've gotten weren't afraid to talk to you. The food is great and the portions are decent. I usually have left over when I eat there. You also get free garlic bread squares while waiting for your entree to arrive. Be careful not to fill up on those! They are delicious! It's fairly pricey but a very good place to take a date that you that to impress or want to celebrate an anniversary with. I love going there.
4	I have been there multiple times and have enjoyed each experience. I recommend the vegetarian lasagna or meat ravioli with rose  sauce. The godfather is a great cocktail.The food is good but the ambiance and music are why you'd go there. Our favorite server is Steve, who is perceptive, attentive, and also has a great sense humor.
5	BootleggersWOW is all I have to say at the start. Great atmosphere, service is fantastic. To start do not eat too many of the bread sticks, they are fantastic and you can fill up quickly on those. The house chianti has a nice flavor that pairs well with the rich flavors from the meal. I ordered the Maria's saltimbocca for the main course and the meal takes a little longer to prepare but was it worth the wait? I would say yes the flavors come across extremely well and trust me there is a lot there. End result is that I would highly recommend Bootleggers.
5	Went to the restaurant pretty much because it was near our hotel. I am on a vegan diet but can occasionally do vegetarian i.e. eat some dairy if necessary.Started with eggplant fritti which is lightly breaded eggplant with marinara sauce. There might have been a hint of cheese in it but it was so tasty and fresh. A great starter.Next I had spinach fettuccine primavera which is broccoli, sun dried tomatoes, roasted garlic and zucchini with pine nuts in a light broth. There was a nice flavor of garlic through the dish complemented but the fresh taste of the beverages and the deep sweetness of the tomatoes. Served piping hot this dish exceeded all expectations and really reminded me why one can have a vegan dish and lose nothing over not having meat.Had no room to try the dessert which was disappointing.Additionally service was prompt, quick and courteous.My only criticism if I have any was the place was heated too high which made the atmosphere a bit uncomfortably warm.But very highly recommend.
2	Food is good overall. Service is horrible. Staff congregates in the middle of the dining room to have personal conversations but hardly refills bread, water or even asks how tables are doing. Coming from the restaurant industry, things like this drive me crazy. You're not busy because the service sucks not because the food is bad. Was hoping for better considering I'm in Vegas alot and I'm huge italian food junkie. My advice: save yourself the headache and head elsewell.
4	I was invited here for dinner with the promise of being entertained by the most talented lounge singer in Las Vegas. Of course, how do you say no to that? The Bootlegger bistro is an old-school Vegas landmark whose owner was once a powerful lady in this town. The moment I walked in the door, I looked around and noticed that I was the youngest person in the dining room - everyone else had a good 20 years on me. No big deal. I've always been fond of the elderly - with their interesting stories and life experience. My friend Doug pointed to the gentleman playing the piano and said, "there's Jimmy Hopper, the man with an amazing voice!" I nodded then proceeded to order a bellini-tini and the tomato-basil bruschetta. My friend ordered some old-person's drink involving cognac and the escargot appetizer. This is an Italian restaurant with the typical Italian faire on their menu. I eyed an item that sounded delicious, the spinach ravioli in marinara sauce; unfortunately it was under the gluten-free section. After a moment of hesitation as I don't have Celiac disease and ultimately have no reason to order a gluten-free item, I decided to get it anyway because spinach and cheese sounded just way too good. At this point, my friend asked for another cognac drink and the fish of the day (mahi mahi with risotto and asparagus).I thought the bellini-tini was great and that made up for the mediocre bruschetta appetizer. My friend, being a gentleman, offered me some of his escargot. They tasted pretty good! I don't know how much they cost but there were 4 or 5 of them on the plate so this is a fairly small item.When my ravioli arrived, it was pretty delicious; the filling was perfect although the pasta pockets were a bit chewy because of being gluten-free I guess. Over all though, this is a fairly healthy item while being a huge entree so you are definitely getting good value for the price paid. I also got to try my friend's dish. Oh man, this item was so freaking good! The mahi mahi was flaky, moist, perfectly seasoned and the sauce it was in didn't overpower the fish. But you know what the best part was? The risotto underneath the fish. I could eat a whole bowl of this risotto! Yummmmmmmm! Meanwhile, Jimmy Hopper was over there belting out scores after scores, both oldies and songs he had written himself. Indeed, this man has a great great voice. My friend encouraged me to request a song so I did! Guess what song I requested? Royal. Yes! You're probably thinking, "whhhaaat?! She's crazy - requesting an old-school Vegas lounge singer to sing a pop song!!" But oh no. I'm not crazy. Because moments earlier, my friend told me that he heard Jimmy sang Royal yesterday and he was blown away at his rendition of Royal. So of course, my expectation was very high.Jimmy read my request note, chuckled to himself and said, "Oh man. I'm still working on this song because there's a lot of backup singing and I'm a one-man show." So Jimmy then journeyed on to another oldie and finally, he turned on something from behind him and started the first notes of Royal. I was ecstatic!Jimmy had modified this song to make it his own while still keeping true to the original melody.  This man is a genius. I LOVED this version of Royal! Where do I buy a CD of this particular song? Later that night, I was blown away again at Jimmy's musical ability when he started singing an opera song. Is there a musical genre that this man can't do? Hat's off to you sir! I'm so impressed!Okay, so if you are too cool for jazz and lounge music, there's a bar area that's on the other side of the wall where you can just sit and have drinks. Come here for the music, ambience and the laid-back atmosphere. The food, though good, is just a bonus.
5	Very romantic, quality, great service- 2 can share a plate easily- Best bread ever-----------------------------------------------------.
4	As soon as you walk into the place you get an old school Vegas feel which I like.  They have a full menu 24 hours a day.  That appeals to me because I get off work at 3am and sometimes I would like a nice dinner before heading home.  As soon as I'm seated a wait staffer comes over fills my water glass and takes my drink order.  30 Seconds later the garlic bites come to the table and they are good!  They have a nice menu with lots to choose from.  Nothing crazy this time so I ordered the chicken parm with angel hair pasta light sauce.  My dinner came out with no sauce on it at all.  That's an easy fix and the waiter was prompt to get the sauce to me on the side.  The Chicken was well cooked and the angel hair was perfect.  All and all a good experience very friendly staff and the place was clean.  The fact that I have full menu options at anytime of the night I will be back for sure.
4	This is a very nice restaurant. The lights are dim, the piano is playing and the waiters are very attentive. Our waiter was Danny and he had a great personality. He amused our kids. The steak and shrimp plate was delicious. The group of waiters all took care of us and kept up with our refills and kept our table clean. The only reason a star is missing is because the male hostess was not very friendly or welcoming. I wanted to sit at an available booth but said we couldn't have it because a person with a reservation may want it later that night. When we walked out he didn't acknowledge us as a hostess should. I told him to have a great evening. Had no comment. The mannequin sitting next to him looked more friendly than the hostess.
5	A 24 hour Italian restaurant!?! Nice. Only in Vegas right??Food is above average. It's delicious and the service is always on point. But the real reason why I'm giving them a 5 star rating is because of the ambiance. Once you enter this establishment, it feels/looks like you stepped back into time of the Mafia days.Been here twice. Both times, I ordered the Chicken Parmesan. Entree is big enough for two days worth of food. I always have leftovers and it tastes just as great the next day.My date ordered the Papperdelle Bolognese and Baked Penne the second time around. But wow...the Papperdelle Bolognese was out of this world!!!!!! The taste and flavoring of the sauce was like an orgasm in my mouth! O_O Definitely one of the best pastas I've tasted in a long time.We also got an order of Bruschetta as an appetizer. Great starter item. You can choose between tomato basil or eggplant. We got both but in the end, we preferred the tomato basil.The prices here are much more affordable than your typical Italian restaurants on the strip.It's located in a plaza right after The Premium Outlets, South. Easy to find, never a wait, and it's 24 hours.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  My father was visiting and had a hankering for lasagna so we decided on this since it's pretty close to where we live.  It is much nicer inside than you would think for a 24-hour restaurant/bar.   The bar area was pretty big and the dining area was even larger.  The dress seemed casual but the place has a very classy vibe and made me feel under-dressed in my jeans.The food is really pretty great - my dad wasn't as impressed with his lasagna but my dinner (Maria's Saltimbocca) was great!  They also had a piano player in the dining room who took requests - pretty awesome for the amount that we spent!
2	We were looking forward to a fun dinner while listening to great music. The entertainment was outstanding, the food was good (for the most part) but the service was so disappointing, it overshadowed the entire evening. I can understand a few items getting overlooked during a dinner, but it almost felt like a practical joke how many mistakes were made. Reversing drinks, not offering refills, leaving dirty dishes and glasses when refills did finally arrive...not checking back to see if the entrees are satisfactory.. I could go on (and there was more) but my point is made. You can go to Denny's and keep your drinks filled and your table bussed. I would hope for that much at a restaurant of this level. I did relay our experience to the assistant manager and she took my phone number to pass along to the general manager. In keeping with the theme of the night, I never heard back. Even with great musical acts performing, I don't think that would be enough to draw me back.
5	I used to come here years ago because it was a unique little place that reminded me of some of the restaurants I went to as a kid growing up in Chicago.  It was always a great experience of tasty traditional Italian food, polite and attentive servers, and an ambiance that is created by the wonderful live piano and classy decorum.  Being back in Vegas after  moving away for several years I decided to revisit one of my favorite places and I am happy to report it has not changed in the least.
5	I've brought a couple of dates here.  One time had the pleasant surprise of sitting next to Wayne Newton.  This is an amazing spot with top notch service at all hours.  For a restaurant that stays constantly busy, it really does feel like they take the time out to help you.
4	9 o'clock on a Sunday evening and I was craving pasta! I didn't know any place that was still open so bootleggers it was. Parking lot was busy. When we walked in, there was no one at the reception area. It was dark and confusing... We didn't know where to go so just walked towards the bar. Finally ran into a hostess and was seated shortly after.Their service was great there. Everyone was super nice. The food came out quickly. I was pleasantly surprised. I got the cheese ravioli with rose sauce. It was good, just not that memorable. I actually enjoyed the garlic bread a lot more than my actual meal.I'd definitely come here again, especially since it's 24 hours!
3	Kinda pricey, but good quality. I personally didn't like the bread, too heavy, but my husband loves it with the marinara. I asked for a side salad and got charged $11! What? My entree was $15 how is that a side salad. The wedge salad was good though. Drowned in dressing, but good dressing. Lacking in toppings though. Didn't see any egg or much bacon.
4	This is one of Rosebud's favorites, so we've been here many times. At first it was because a friend informed us that Ruth Brown performed there Thursday nights and we had to go before she died. So we did, and it was great, and then she died as predicted. (I assume they have other fine entertainment but I will let them live in peace. RIP, Ruth).  Anyway, we went once when I was not in the mood for Italian, so I ordered the rib eye special and it was one of the best steaks I've had in a long time. I also agreed to go on one of the rare occasions when Babygirl and I were on a diet, so we ordered the light entrees: her fish, me chicken. They were both well cooked, moist and delicious, and served with on beds of spinach with sides of steamed broccoli and whole wheat pasta with marinara. We hardly missed the cheesy stuff.But, mostly we keep coming back because they serve hands down my absolute favorite lasagna in town. (At least since the old Venetian on West Sahara closed down. Sob.)  Rather than a square like is usually served, their version is more like a slice of a tall layer cake, with one of the layers being a big, rich section of ricotta filling. YUM! It's served lying on its side with sauce and melted mozzarella bubbling on top. Unless, of course, you're my sister. In that case, everyone else's lasagna was as described. She inexplicably got a cold one. So, she sent it back and the waiter brought it out heated, but it had suffered from its sojourn in the microwave and was now "too soggy". So, she flagged the waiter down yet again and sent it on another trip to the kitchen. This time, the brought her out a new one, which was hot and fresh, but by then she had consumed enough of someone else's chicken that she was no longer hungry. It looked like a prime target for scavengers or tasty leftovers, but there was no competition for it. Guess we all put in enough time in the restaurant business to figure no way was that coming out on the third run unscathed.Anyway, it wasn't the lasagna incident that cost the fifth star (Bad experiences follow my sister around like a black cloud. I promise you it was her and not them).No, the lower rating is due to my pet peeve: Lasanga is priced reasonably enough at 17 or 18 dollars, but it does not include a salad. Or even bread. You have to buy an order of garlic knots. Nothing I hate more. Jeez. Raise the price a couple of bucks and throw me some damned lettuce. We'll all be happy.
2	Pros- nice ambience, free garlic bread pieces with meal, service is greatCons- over priced, small portions on proteins (especially considering prices),  alfredo sauce like glue, marinara lacking, salads nothing special. Unfortunately I have to give this place a poor review after several visits. I love old Vegas as much as the next guy but that's all this place has going for it. The food is below Olive Garden IMO and I have had several different dishes. The lowlight was the chicken angelo- small half breast, no vest, served with an alfredo sauce that turns into gelatin the second it gets under 140 degrees. All that for over 15.00? No thanks. This place is for the older weathly folks with dulled taste buds, folks that come in for the terrific entrainment ane younger wanna bes (no offense wanna bes)
4	Bootlegger is a for sure authentic Italian off the strip prime destination. Cool 50s vibe great food and a perfect spot to witch up your normal restaurant routine. Go for the ravioli
4	I love this place 4am-9am hahaSo I tried it for dinner one night, and I was pleasantly surprised. It was delicious and really good quality. Still a great after hours dive feel
4	Great Italian good for Vegas! Had the chicken parmesan. Not an atmosphere for children. Great garlic bread they service before the meal.
5	The service was top notch. The food was outstanding! We will be back! The Mother's Day menu was perfect.
5	This place does Italian right!  Just off the strip, Bootlegger gives you a sense of old Vegas.  From the moment you walk in you feel you're at home. The family pictures give a sense of being at grandmas house for some good home cooking.  The inside of the restaurant has pictures of Sinatra and the Rat Pack all over.  There's also a piano and someone singing live most evenings.  The servers are properly trained and know what they're talking about.  Wine menu includes everything you might need and the mixed cocktails are strong.But the food is what blew me away!  I can make a meal out of their breadsticks alone.  They're lightly brushed with oil and garlic and served with marinara.  I decided to get spaghetti with meatballs and it was just perfect.  They used a bolognese sauce instead of marinara and it complimented the pasta really well.  The best part is soaking up the sauce with the bread at the end.  Also decided to order the tiramisu as it was recommended and it was a great end to a perfect meal.  I'm a fan and have added Bootlegger to my Vegas favorites
5	Let's start with a little back ground information on myself and italian food. My Uncle's side of the family is full italian and can cook so I have had plenty of great authentic italian food over my lifetime. Bootleggers is the first italian restaurant, that I have been to, that produces great tasting, authentic, italian food. This place really portrays old Vegas well. You feel like you just stepped back in time to when Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin ruled the Strip. This place is one of the coolest spots in Vegas. They even have a nice piano player and lounge singer on most nights and they are open 24/7.Now for the food. They start by giving you their garlic bread rolls...or thats what I call them. They are freshly baked garlic bread that is cut into squares before baking, so they resemble a roll. The rolls are served some classic marinara sauce that give them a great taste, but don't fill up on the rolls because the portion sizes here are pretty big. I ordered the spagettig and meatballs and my wife got the chicken Fettuccini alfredo. A true test to any italian restaurant is their meatballs. Every italian restaurant I have been to has meatballs that taste like dog food and yes this includes the regualrs like Olive Garden and Buca de Beppo. Bootlegger's meatballs are fantastic. They taste very similar to my family's recipe and therefore made me feel like I was at home. The spagetti was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of great tasting sauce. My wife's meal came out great too. The price of the meal was very resonable, with most entrees costing between 13-18 dollars. The service was average but acceptable. This place is a must visit not only for the food but for the great ambiance.
4	We were a large gang of 15 that ate there recently.The servers did a great job of managing such a large group,well done.My wife who has allergies to dairy and eggs was very well taken care of in regards to her questions about the menu.The food was very good and the servings were more than adequate.I found it quite loud in the restaurant  due to the fact that the piano player was playing in the background.As the night moved on the music was not quite as loud and the piano player was pretty good and played all request s from one of our tables.There is quite the history to this place and a good place to spot celebrity's,if your lucky.
5	Best Italian restaurant in town. Been coming here since I moved to Vegas 5 years ago and never get sick of it. Can never go wrong with the fettuccine Alfredo.  Always great food, great service, and  great vintage Vegas ambiance and decor.
1	Maybe I caught this place on an off night, but I've been here before on a swing shift and it was nice... I sat at the bar and had a decent meal and good conversation... Wish I could say the same about tonight... Came for some late night eats and walked into a circus... 1) it's a restaurant/bar not a club, the loud music was kinda annoying seeing how I had to shout over it to hold a conversation 2) the bartender was killing me wearing sunglasses when he had turned the lights way past dim... I mean if you need to take them off to see what you're doing they shouldn't be on your face in the 1st place 3) gotta love going to take a leak and  2 idiots are doing blow out in the middle of the mens restroom, which also smelled like weed... Look, I feel like there's a time and place for everything but trying to make an Italian restaurant into an after hours night spot was a little much when all I wanted was a glass of wine and some food, which wasn't bad by the way... It was kinda busy and I understand that you gotta do what you gotta do to drum up revenue, but the bootlegger is known for something on the other end of the spectrum of what I saw tonight I would come back again just not on a night like last night... Everyone deserves a 2nd chance
5	Excellent food.  The service was a bit odd on the night we went.  We had reservations and they were late in the evening.  We were greeted with warnings from the staff that the kitchen was slow.  Seems that a lot of their kitchen staff had recently walked out do to a request for higher pay after being on one of the TV shows. The meals we ordered were fantastic so they must still have some of the good staff. It was a bit pricey for my tastes and we were scoping them out as a possible after weeding meal place.  We may go back for that meal as they did give us a buy one get one coupon.  If you don't mind paying a bit more, I would truly recommend their food and ambiance.  Hopefully they will have worked out the kitchen staffs attitude and patron's won't be required to wait so long.
4	The Bootlegger comes with the feel of Old Vegas. The way it was before it became Corporate Vegas. The whole atmosphere almost makes you feel like you happened across a portal and travelled back in time. When I go to an Italian restaurant I stick to pasta. Tending to choose between ravioli , manicotti, gnocchi or ziti. Usual sauce preferences are arrabiata, or marinara with some spice and lots of basil. (chefs are fairly accommodating to this request),The ravioli are my favorite here with the "spicy marinara" more flavor than arrabiata ,   then manicotti, the gnocchi are good but not like moms. Everyone loves the garlic "bread" Service and price also good. A must try for anyone visiting Old Vegas.
5	What can you say, I absolutely love this place.  Though it's a bit dark for my liking, the atmosphere, everyone is friendly and loves to joke around.  I'd be lying if I said anything other than their garlic knots being the best I've ever had, the marinara sauce that it comes with is a hardy flavorful that isn't too sweet.  I always order the chicken parm when I'm in town, if I could I'd bring home a case of everything.   I look forward to the Monster Jam World Finals because that means one thing... I get to go to The Bootlegger Bistro!
4	My husband and I love the atmosphere here, it is truly reminiscent of old Las Vegas. The staff are great but the best part of our experience is the music. We love dining with the beautiful piano in the background and the wonderfully talented Michael Shane, he knows just about every song and delivers with style!
4	Came here because I wanted a good steak and didn't want to pay Strip prices for it. I shared the Mixed Hot Antipasti (a huge plate of fried food), the iceberg wedge and the steak and shrimp scampi, which totally hit the spot to the T. Then we shared two $50 bottles of wine. All in, we paid a little more than $100 a person but the meal was totally delicious and well worth it. My only critique is that service was slooooowwww. Not neglectful, just slow. We were there almost 3 hours. Crazy.
5	As soon as you walk in, it feels friendly, warm, and old school. I went on a Friday night, and there was plenty of seating available. Now the fact that it's open 24 hours shouldn't throw you off. The food is genuinely good and the service it's great. My waiter was highly attentive, friendly, and talkative about the restaurant's history and the celebrities that have been/do go there.I had Maria's Saltimbocca with chicken, and my mom had the tagliatelle bolognese. Both dishes were great! They were both on the richer, heavier side, so if you go, go hungry. We also both had the minestrone soup, which was delicious and hearty, and the bread bites they bring with marinara was a great touch.If you want old Vegas feel with quality food, go to this place ASAP. Anthony Bourdain visited on his show "Parts Unknown," and if he liked it, you probably will too ;)
5	This place did not disappoint. We came here on a Saturday night because I had seen the episode with tony bourdain, and like always his suggestions were spot on. I had the steak and shrimp and man that was some great steak!!! One of the most tender and flavorful steaks I have ever had. And the service was great, one of the best waiters I have ever had. All in all this place is great old school Vegas, with some of the best Italian American food around!
3	Use to go to bootlegger for late night eats way too often. The food it great. Especially at the hour I'm getting off work, there is not much else. The only reason I stopped going so frequently is it is snoozeville now the Steed no longer works here. He would always have everyone laughing and giving a little show with your late night dinner and cocktail. But also knew when certain people just didn't want to be bothered and would let them be. Not super smokey either. Nothing I hate more than going to a smokey bar and having to wash my hair at least twice for the smell to come out.
5	**Original review from 5/3/2011. Updating new profile.**If you ever go to Vegas, this place should be on your list of places to dine. I've been here every time I visit Vegas and I've never been disappointed. My brother's wedding reception was also here and they still had stellar service. They are just south of the airport on Las Vegas Blvd, maybe 10 minutes from the strip if you hit traffic.You sit down and before the second butt-cheek hits the chair, your bread is on the table. Very soon after that your water. I've had several different entrees there and every single one of them have been great! I love their breakfasts too.... especially at 2pm. LOL Their service is exceptional. Their food is always wonderful and I've managed to hook my family on this place too.I was particularly impressed when they hosted my brother's wedding reception. Even though there was a selection of pre-determined items to choose from, because I'm vegetarian and not a fan of alfredo (thanks to my meat eating brother, this was the only veggie meal in his selection), they had no problem offering me something else and offering it to other people as a selection as well. I loved this. The only complaint I had, as my brother's photographer, was that the lighting was so dim, the pictures were hard to take.The only thing I haven't had here is dessert. I'm going to have to change that.
4	Hearty, comforting Italian food in an old school Vegas setting. The pianist even played our wedding first dance song. What a lovely surprise! Watch out for the complimentary garlic bread rolls with a marinara dip. I got full off that. I wasn't able to finish my entree. I really enjoyed the pappardelle bolognese and meat lasagna.
3	We're huge fans of their breakfast and come in at least twice per month!  Great coffee. Amazing Italian sausage patties.  And good pancakes!  Did I mention the good coffee?However, breakfast service is shoddy; hence three stars versus five.
4	Stopped here for breakfast but missed the deadline. Would expect a 24 hour restaurant to serve breakfast anytime. We had a wonderful lunch instead.  I recommend the ensalata di salmone.  It came with eggplant bruschetta that was delightful. The salmon was light, fresh, and cooked to perfection.  Brandon gave us great service.  We will be back on our next trip.
3	The food was pretty good, but not worth the high price. It is a very loud restaurant, we tried having a romantic dinner and two adjacent tables were loud and annoying. Our server was not very attentive and very curt. He came by to take our order and again to leave the bill. The bus boys were amazing though, they kept filling our drinks, brought our food and bread. If I could have given the tip to the Hus boy instead I would. The kitchen moves pretty fast, food was ready fairly quickly. The live entertainment was great for the short time they actually played. I may never come back, I'm still unsure if I'll give them another shot at my money.
5	If you're looking for atmosphere, great food and great service at a reasonable price, add Bootlegger Bistro to your list!  Our server, Danny, and the rest of the wait staff were amazing at making sure we had a dining experience, never rushing us, interactive and attentive.  The meal was exactly what we expected...fabulous!
5	I attended with a large party yesterday and Vito was an incredible server. I'm giving the stars for him and the food was good. However the manager needs to take a lesson in customer service.  He could learn to smile and be less abrasive.  Our service again was incredibly good. Vito didn't miss a thing. He was attentive and didn't miss a thing.  The food was hot and delicious.  Everyone loved it. The large appetizers samplers are $22.00 and can easily serve 4. The chicken picada is excellent.  This place is quite pricey but the ambiance is perfect for a Italian romantic dinner date.
5	Best service ask for Richard love the pizzaAlways great. Old world charm and outstanding food .
5	I loved dinner last night. I had the Salmon, spinach and angel hair whole wheat pasta in marinara sauce. Every item on my plate was pure perfection! Moist and well seasoned fish, flavorful spinach, tasty marinara. Our service was spot on! The live piano music was a lot of fun. The singer will be performing at the Smith Center on August and I am going to make a point to hear him in concert again with friends. My group had fettuccini Alfredo and egg plant Parmesan and we all had Mozzarella salads. My only comment on the food is the slice of tomato on the salad was flavorless. Now let me tell you about the bread they serve..,sooooo good! Served with marinara dipping sauce. Could be a meal on its own. We didn't eat dessert, well we will be back and leave room for dessert. Total cost $150 for 4 people with wine and salads. Best Italian meal we've had in Las Vegas.
4	Bootlegger is a Vegas institution. Old Vegas charm with live music and set up nicely for groups or meeting out-of-towners. The food is good. After sampling the menu over the years I tend to favor the spaghetti with sausage because I love the Italian sausage. Nice heavy dish. For the lighter fare I favor the pasta primavera. I love the bread bites they bring out. They are addictive. The service is a bit hit or miss. I've had some great and some less than par. Never so horrible I have been turned off. But differently walked away wishing had a different server. I recommend Bootlegger. They have something for everyone and still have a bit of the old Vegas charm.
1	Very disappointed in our experience today. The food was awful and the service was very unwelcoming. The sauce was thick and tasted canned. And the bread we were given was hard as a rock. We will not be returning that's for sure. I think this "legendary" vegas spot's ship has long since sailed.
4	Great food, Good Service with an old school Vegas flare. Piano playing int he back ground is not over powering. Great place for a dinner off strip or just to meet some old friends.
4	Very good food at reasonable prices! I had spaghetti with Italian sausage. The sauce and the sausage were both very good. I got some canolis to go. They were OK. I've had better canolis. I will be going back and I highly recommend bootleggers - very good food!
2	2 stars because the workers were nice.The calzones are the size of a football, but it came out with sort of warm bread, but the cheese & everything inside was cold.As well as the calamari that we ordered & the little bread they gave us. & the marinara sauce was completely watered down. Shouldn't even be considered sauce.Definitely not coming back.
5	Great old school Vegas and the best Italian food in town.
2	Went in with high hopes based on recommendations from family members...but we were disappointed.  Our party of 8 had to work hard to get the attention of our waiter (for our check) after over 2 hours at our table. I felt like the mandatory 18% gratuity for parties of 6 or more created laziness and complacency in the staff.   The food was OK, but not worth the price or especially the long wait.   We won't be going back.
5	Live piano
5	Bootlegger is one of few restaurants in town I highly recommend to friends. It has such wonderful charm -- from the live music and old school decor to the service and food quality. I've never had a bad experience at this joint and I've been going there with family for over ten years. This has to be the best Italian restaurant in Vegas.
5	Dinner at Bootlegger is old Vegas at its best. Original Italian menu with old favorites along with new dishes. We lucked out and picked night with live music. Server Steve and assistant Miguel were at the top of their game. Steve pointed out great appetizers and wine pairing for the night.
4	The food is 5/5. Seriously the best lasagna ever!!  Very good complimentary bread. My friends were very impressed with their meals. Amazing dessert. Wonderful live entertainment. We had a few issues with the staff. Be sure to make reservations & specifically request a table in the main room with live entertainment. You don't want a dark table in a different room by the bar.  Wonderful "old school Las Vegas" restaurant I will look forward to visiting on my next trip to Vegas & will recommend to family & friends.
5	Great hidden place in Las Vegas. Great food and great service. Will definitely return when I am in town again.  Very old school Las Vegas.
4	My boyfriend and I were looking for a quaint Italian restaurant near the Enterprise area and we were lucky to find this spot nearby. We were surprised when we walked in, this place is huge. The greeter was so nice and sat us down right away. I had the Spaghetti with meatballs and my boyfriend had some kind of seafood pasta. The food was great and the ambience was even better. We had a good view of the piano player and the lady singing. They really can put on a show! All in all, it was the perfect spot for an impromptu date night.
3	Meh.  I won't be coming back anytime soon, unless friends want to come, and then I would join. I think this place has potential...I just did not have a good experience. This actually was not my first time here...the first time was a few months ago...we came in and stood at the front entrance for about 10 minutes, and no one ever came around. We flagged a waitress down and she did tell us that they were super busy and understaffed...so even if we chose to stay, which we did not, it would have been a long wait for food too. So I have been looking forward to coming back here since I have heard good things,  and obviously we came on a bad night the first time.  Well, not sure this was much better. The staff was very friendly when we sat down. I ordered the eggplant appetizer, which was good.  Then I ordered the Fettuccini Alfredo with no meat on top. The Fettuccini was very thick and had formed a film on the top from obviously sitting too long. I tasted it, and it was luke warm. I immediately lost my appetite for it.  Another person at my table had the same problem with her Alfredo.  She mentioned it to the waiter, and he offered to give me a fresh plate of pasta.  Well, ok.  I'd love a hot fresh plate of pasta. While I'm waiting, the waiter made a point to come tell me that the cook stuck a thermometer in it and it was 140degrees. Ok?! And!?  I told him the bottom of the plate was warm, so maybe it touched the bottom. So a few minutes later, I get my same plate of pasta, boiling hot!  That would be great, except it was obvious he put it in the microwave, because now the fat had separated from the cream, and the plate of pasta was all oily. Wow. Anyway, the manager did come over and apologize and take it off my bill. The eggplant was decent, and the other waiter Alfredo was super friendly. So, I think this place has potential...so I will give it 3 stars for now.
5	Love love this place food amazing! Living entertainment! So fun! Must come!! Bathrooms are very clean the pictures on the wall are so cool! Old Vegas all the way!!!!
2	Two stars given even though not deserved. Waiting for a table took some time and we did not receive seating as requested.  Our server was pretty nonexistent and not very friendly or accommodating. Service was slow for not too busy a night. Our bus person Miguel was an absolute delight! He should have been our server-he acted more as our server than the other person. My meal was overcooked and took too long to actually enjoy the meal in its entirety. The server even mentioned that they had the same problem two weeks prior and the manager should do something about the meal and take care of it. Nothing was done, nor was an apology given for improperly cooking my meal. The Piano player was good and played requests. It seems this place tries to live off of its past reputation and did not make a conscience effort to improve let alone stand up to the standards that the family started so many years ago.
4	Have been a customer of The Bootlegger since it first opened on Eastern & Tropicana.  The "old Vegas" style of red velvet booths is cool.  The kitchen is staffed with the best chef....  Great service and great entrees....  Live music is great, wish it wasn't so loud at times.
5	This place is amazing.  We reserved a private room for our wedding rehearsal dinner and brought in our own tv to watch a football game during.  The food was fantastic, the wait staff was friendly and on point, and I would recommend this place to any and everyone!
2	The antipasto plate is good and LARGE. However it is the only thing I'll ever eat from there. Everything else has been greasy or mundane. I got the worst case of the sh**s EVER from the linguini with clams. I guess I should know better than order a seafood special. It can sometimes mean "please eat this, so we don't throw it all away". The 3rd time I tried this place, was on a grave shift (mind you , this has been a while ago, and perhaps is not the same bartender) We were completely ignored for the ONE other patron. Had to beg for a drink, wait 45 for the food and beg for the check. I'm a bartender too...You missed out on a hell of a tip!
1	Awful does not begin to describe this clip joint.  Awful service and the food was about on par with a Dennys.  Somehow this place has managed to stay in business. I'll never be back again.  If you want good Italian in Vegas skip this place.
5	We found this place a few years ago when we were looking to escape from the noisy Las Vegas strip and relax and enjoy some quiet time and good food and maybe some local live music. We were so lucky to find everything we were looking for when we found The Bootlegger Bistro and it's now our favorite place to visit when we are in Las Vegas! We love the romantic atmosphere and old world charm of the place. We especially love the beautiful piano playing and singing by talented musicians and of course we love the food! The best Italian food anywhere! The baked penne with meat sauce is incredible and we love the bread and dipping meat sauce! Excellent service and friendly waiters and bartenders make it a perfect place to dine and relax!
5	Don't mind paying a little more for great food and atmoshphere. The service was good. I have to admit, the hostess left a lot to be desired. The complimentary bread and marina sauce was wonderful. Small cubes of oily bread. Really delicious. Had the Minestroni. Wanted to pick the bowl up and lick it out. Scrumptious. The baked ziti was some of the best I have ever eaten. Had a lot of Ricota Cheese. WonderfulLive piano player after 6:30PM was very good. Very entertaining.  Way to go Bootlegger!!!!!Add on: the left overs I brought home were even better the next day. OMG...Best baked Zitti I have ever eaten in my life. Unbelievable. THIS PLACE IS A WINNER!!!
2	Driven by this place many times before and decided to give it a go.  Walked in and took a seat at the bar and the atmosphere was nice and not smokey; surprised.  I greeted the bartender, which I feel should be the other way around but I'm a friendly guy.  The Piano Player in the other room was a nice touch!  Sat at a machine and ordered a drink.   And again I think the bartender needed a shot of happy or a red bull at least.  Looked at the menu and ordered the eggplant bruschetta togo from the bartender.  Finished my drink and my gaming.  Then moved to the other side of the bar to another machine and had to ask for a drink (and I'm tipping as I go).  That side of the bar was friendlier; the busser guy was more friendly and said hello.  I was bought ready to get out of there when the bartender said do you want your food?  It's over there.  Nice!  Took the food togo and was even more disappointed!  Barely had eggplant and garlic from a jar no doubt about it.
4	I have been coming here for over 7 years. When I'm in town I always stop by and have my favorite potatoes and eggs, this is a low key relaxing restaurant, I haven't tastes dinner or anything else here. The staff are really nice and have been for years, this is why I always stop it's also great before a long drive out of Vegas.
5	Heaven on earth!! This explains our experience extremely well. We went in about 11pm. It was busy to our surprise, but it did not impact the service at all. Our server was beyond amazing. He was courteous, and atttentive. He barely could turn around before someone he waited on needed some thing. Most of the time when I have a waiter like that, the service suffers, but not here!The food was orgasmic! We had the lasagna and a house salad. I have never had better lasagna! No alcoholic drinks, but the tea and Dr. Pepper were great! The chocolate cake was divine. My mouth is watering just remembering it. The only down side was the price. It was to celebrate my first paycheck, so ewe expected a little bit expensive. With top it was about $90 for 2. Was it worth it? Hell yes! Just not an everyday place. Will definitely be back!
3	I love Italian food and this place has decent food I gave 3 stars for the staff...they seem to only be there for a check and that's it...the atmosphere was like any other bar/restaurant in Vegas nothing to write home about, well the bread they bring out is really good so that is a plusThere prices are a bit high for the food they serve
4	A bit out of our way, but worth the drive. We were a party of 4. We had reservations and were seated quickly. We all shared the stuffed mushrooms as our appetizer. Quite good and the single order was just right for the four of us. Drinks before dinner were also very good. I had a dirty martini, while my date had a Lemmon Tini. All main dishes were good and we split a wedge salad. Dressing was blue cheese. Recommended! Tiera Masu excellent, but still frozen on top.
5	We found this amazing bistro through a friend that's a local and we are so glad we did!! Every time we come into town we make it a point to go there to enjoy a delicious dinner! The garlic bread is to die for and we have never had a bad meal or experience! We have had to wait a bit for a table but it's so worth the wait we didn't mind at all.
1	From 5 stars to 1 star within 24 hours.  Yesterday's dinner was a perfect experience with Cody our waiter who was a fantastic, professional server.   Tonight, a different waiter (older, with short grayish hair and glasses) who failed to introduce himself and gave off a harried and disinterested vibe.  Sure enough, the service was absolutely dreadful, just dreadful.  Never checked our table for silverware and my partner had to ask for a spoon when he brought coffee. Was in the middle of my appetizer salad when two entree plates get abruptly plopped on the table. The waiter became defensive when I commented it's proper to wait until the guest is done with the first course and I felt he was basically challenging my request.  Seriously, giving a customer a difficult time is a no-no, but not for this guy.  He is a representative for the restaurant and his was a pathetic display of ineptitude.  Shame on him.
5	Great atmosphere. I really loved the live piano music as we ate. The food was amazing! The bread was perfectly garlic and the lasagna was probably the best I have ever had. If you want amazing classic Italian then I would definetly come here.
3	I have to echo the comments by Lauren P. on 10/21/2014. This isn't the same Bootlegger that I've grown accustomed to. It got pricey and they shouldn't command that kind of money for the food and service offered. I'm afraid to say that is is bordering on a tourist trap. Sad to see, but their agenda has obviously changed.
5	I had anticipated this visit for months so there was a lot to live up to and I have to say bootleggers went above and beyond my greatest expectations. The complimentary bread is so sinfully delicious and the bolognese is comparable even to my immigrant Italian family's recipe!!
4	Iove this place  I only ever sat down and ate here once but I'm always getting to go!!! I love it's 24/7 perfect for my late nights or early mornings Caprese salads ways fresh
4	Great food and ambiance.  We moved into the area and like to have a regular Italian place with a nice bar.   Food was great, staff seemed great - other than Frank the bartender who only pays attention to you if you're over 70 and a regular.   We would have become regulars if it wasn't for him.  Average of $120 (if you actually ask us if we want more wine) for dinner at least once a week with a 20% tip will go to a different bartender
