1	This was one of the purest culinary experiences I've ever had. I find myself wanting to write paragraphs to explain my experiences dining here. Instead I believe I'm going to just keep it short.I've eaten from here twice, each time had the same level of quality. And I can say that up to this point in my life Geno's is the worst pizza I've ever had in my life. I'm far from a food snob, but I do not say that lightly, I've had some bad pie in my life, and I can confidently state this was among the worst anyone could ever hope they avoid. Crust.. I've heard it said as a joke before, but it actually DID have the consistency of the cardboard of a pizza box! Toppings... each pie had some on them, none offensive, but no real flavor addition.Cheese... again, I'll say this, the entire pie had a coating of it, but it was strangely non-stringy, and had no real texture, it was seriously, the worst cheese ever.  If you're in Gilbert, and desperate for dough with stuff on it, better to get a Tombstone pizza, or go deluxe and gourmet compared to Geno's and order Hungry Howies, Pizza Hut or Domino's. Actually, as local delivery in the area goes, though slightly overpriced, I like New York Pizza Department, it's far from the best Pizza in the world, but I confess a real fondness for their calzones. But that's another review for another place.But trust me, better to eat your own foot than a pizza from Geno's Pizza!(OK, this wasn't that short! But you've been warned.)
1	Staff just has no personality nor desire to chat. Pizza is some of the most poorly made and inconsistent pizza I've tried. Pass.If you do want good pizza in Gilbert there are other places like Venezias and Cassanova Bros that make a real decent pizza.No guy named Geno even works there. Just a bunch of personalityless young Mormon kids who know nothing about pizza or how to treat customers so they will come back.
1	Terrible pizza, terrible service. This place will not be open long!
1	Moved on to better things
4	If your looking for cheap pizza, this is the joint. For $5, its much better than Littile Ceasers. The service can be a little slow, and the staff is just ok, but for the price, go for it!Definately try the Williams Field location for sandwiches...it is bomb!
1	Worst service ever!!!!! A bunch of 16yr old kids who have no clue how to cook or provide service. Brain dead employees=a worthless place to spend your money!!!
2	Not bad, I tried the New York style cheese pizza for 10.00, I have to say it was very tasty, I was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed it.
4	I read some of the reviews and I was definitely skeptical. Most of the reviews were related to the staff. I usually do carry out pizza because we have small kids at home and it's more covenient to bring it home. Given that my interaction with staff has been limited to phoning in order and paying for and receiving pizza. Geno's has passed that test, staff is as you would expect at a pizza place that has $5 pizza...courteous, not bending over backwards. The pizza was ready on time, and was hot. The order was correct. The process took less than 15 minutes. I am not sure what else to expect that would exceed those levels of service, again given that they offer pizza with one topping for $5. The only other place that has this price is Little Caesars, which tastes like cardboard. Geno's pizza has airy crust, a pleasant sauce, and seemingly fresh toppings. It's a local owned business, which I like. However, if you are expecting Pizzeria Bianco caliber pizza for $5...well quite frankly you are a fucking idiot.
4	Good pizza and fast service. Their sandwiches are good too. Don't know why people have rated this place so low, its way better then any other fast food pizza place around my area.
4	I thought that the pizza was good (7/10). We are from the East Coast and are visiting and thought that it was very reminiscent of what we get when we are in NYC. For the price it was fantastic. Lightly sauced and nice and greasy.
4	Pretty good pizza, wings and sandwiches at great prices!!  Young kids not real good with customer services skills, but not bad either.  We go there regular and even buy their pizza dough to make our own pizzas at home occasionally.
1	Horrible pizza. Extremely inconsistent. Every once in awhile you will get a good slice if you come mid day but if you order a whole pizza prepare for disappointment.However...awesome hot Italian Sub.He Cheeseseak is dry and does not contain much meat.
1	In receipt of some coupons, I ordered Geno's for delivery and should have read the reviews first.  I'm a fair reviewer and will sit in the same corner with the others.  Not the best pizza, not very good at all, yet not the worst pizza I've ever had.  The price-line is great and if they can pick up the flavor, PLUS improved product temperature upon delivery, they'd get another shot.If you're looking for good pizza in Gilbert, there are options and seek them out people.
4	I am amazed at the bad reviews for this place. I have been here a dozen times and the staff is always incredibly friendly. The pizza is always hot when I get it home and everyone in the family enjoys it. I will keep going and telling all of my friends about this place.
4	Pizza is decent but the sandwiches are right on.  The bread is awesome and makes the sandwiches even better.
2	With the strong competition that exists from both high and low-line pizza providers, I'm surprised Geno's hasn't gone the way of the Edsel. The staff consisted of mostly young girls who, while friendly, seemed to be totally overwhelmed and couldn't come to grips with their duties or the meaning of customer service (OMG, I accidentally charged you $175 for these pizzas instead of 17.50, teehee [takes picture and shares with friends]);  I happened to be wearing a Pink Floyd shirt and a gal behind the counter says, 'Pink Floyd? I didn't know she had a last name.'  And then there's the lukewarm pizza, so bland it made frozen Totinos Pizza seem like beluga caviar; the tasteless sauce, rubbery cheese, and spongy crust would've even caused an Ethiopian village to hold out for the next UN food dropping.  I'm certainly no pizza snob, there's a Little Caesar's nearby and I'm not shy in stopping by there for a cheap gutbomb, but Geno's is just beyond mediocre.  In this day and age where people are looking to maximize every dollar they part with, I don't see them being around much longer.   2 stars instead of 1 because the staff, despite the problems noted, were certainly trying their best.
4	I love this place for $5 pizza.. and the greek fries are great!!!!!!!!! get the everytime.. thanks geno's
3	Pizza is really greasy.  I'd rather eat Hungry Howies or Little Caesars.  Sandwhiches are good though.
3	I do agree pizza is greasy, better than dry I guess. The crust is offered with different flavors, we always get butter cheese, and for $5 large 1 topping you can't really complain! For my family of 4, we get one of their value meals which consist of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings for $20. Not bad deal at all, we always have leftovers for the next day.So if pizza little less greasy and yes there are teenagers working there who still live at home with mom and dad so don't really worry about their job or maybe they just weren't trained correctly, id say this would be close to 4 stars for value.
4	For the price really people? Little ceasars is total crap, dominos tastes like cheese on cardboard. What do you want from a pizza place in Gilbert for an 18" pizza for $10? Eat it, like it, and shut it or go pay more somewhere else! For fast neighborhood pizza that's not in Chicago or NY, accept it or move back!
1	I had eaten here a couple years ago, and unlike other Yelpers, once I have a really bad dining experience, I don't go back. At the time, I wasn't a yelper.  But now I am, and my recent experience with Geno's led me to do a review. The pizza we had there was really bad. And I honestly believe pizza is like sex... Even if you're having bad pizza, hey, you're still HAVING PIZZA.  But this was the kind of pizza that made me wish I was a pizza-abstainer. 'Nuf said. Recent experience was at a stoplight- no, wait, stay with me here.  Heading south on higley, just past the train tracks, not quite to williams field stoplight... Its a one lane road and traffic was backed up to kingdom come.  I drive a nice sports car with a manual transmission.  A very persnickety clutch, may I add.  And recently have had some health problems that affect my ankles.  I accidentally, embarrassingly, and with a red face, stalled my car, started it up and drove on the whole 3 feet that opened up. Its not like we were going anywhere because of the traffic backed up from the light all the way past the train tracks, anyway. The Geno's delivery driver behind me proceeded to honk at and harass me all the way to Pecos, where he pulled up next to me to flip me the bird I posted up in the pictures of this business's profile.  He then pulled back into Geno's, and I drove on, with my photo and a warm fuzzy in my heart that I could share my experiences with you smart and good looking Yelpers.  MUAH!
4	This place has a bad rap and doesn't deserve it.  Yes it's not a fantastic pizza, but it is CHEAP and FAST and a hell of a lot better than chain pizza.  order the Philly Cheese steak pizza, it's freakin addicting!  For $10, what the heck do you whiners want?
1	I have been eating at this location for over a year now, and used to like it.  But over the past few months, everything at this location has gotten to the point that I don't think I will go back.  The staff is snotty and downright bitchy most of the time and more interested in texting on their phones and talking with other employees rather than taking care of their customers and giving them a great dining experience.  The front counter girl with the piercing through her lip has such a bad attitude and makes you feel like you are an inconvenience in her life.As for the food, we rarely get the pizza, it is not the best, but for the price, it is worth what you pay for,  We usually buy their sandwiches and the last couple times the quality of the sandwich has been really bad.  I feel having employees that care about their work and the quality of product coming out of the kitchen would be a huge step in the right direction.  Today, we sat for over half an hour waiting for our 2 sandwiches (which is more than double the normal time it takes) and when I asked where our food was, Mrs. Snotty said that they will be out when they get out.  Turns out they ran out of Mayo (guess better planning on the management staff would have prevented that, but thats just me) and that was what the hold up was.  I explained to the cook that someone should have come out and told us because we were in a hurry at that point and could live without mayo.  Once the sandwiches came out, they were so poorly put together that I didn't even finish it,  it was falling apart and half the insides were hanging out.If I owned this location, i would fire most of the employees and keep the ones who seemed like they  cared.  Retrain everyone what customer service is and grill into their heads that without customers they wouldn't have jobs. I would also install plexiglass along the partition wall from the kitchen to the seating area so kids don't have to hear swear words come from the employees and then parent's don't have to explain what that word was and why we don't say it.
1	I love greasy disgusting pizza so we eat Here once in awhile. The staff totally suck and now we just expect it and laugh. I think I saw a guy with a full beard and no covering in the kitchen. I checked for beard hair in my pizza and didn't see any.
4	I've only done pick up orders, so I can't say anything about dining in, but from the little that I dealt with the staff, they seemed pretty okay. All I got were a couple large pizzas and they were okay. I'd even say they were goodish, considering they were only $5 each and were worlds better than the $5 pizzas from Little Caesers. While they'll probably never be one of my favorite pizza places, they're cheap and right by my house, which is good enough for me when I'm broke and trying to figure out a last minute dinner.
2	-lackluster staff-good food,  some of the time (depends on who is working that day)-Won't honor the prices posted on their website.   When it's good, it's great. When it's not good, I feel like an idiot for trying again.  You like cheap? Go for it, but don't say Yelp never said "I told ya so"
1	Ordered and told it would arrive in 45 minutes and after an hour and 20 minutes called and was told we busy that's the way it goes. Customer service sucks. Called a second time at one hour and 45 minutes and was told the driver will get it to you when he can. The final time was just over 2 hours with not even an attempt to make anything right. When the food did arrive it was warm, not hot and again after a call the girl answering only said "well it's not my fault"
4	LOVED their pizza.  So good and for $5 it is worth it!  The bread sticks were so soft.  I had to have sauce with them though as they lacked in flavor.   Will definitely buy pizza from here again!
1	Not impressed. Would rather go elsewhere. Ordered our food and was told our food would arrive in 45 mins to 1 hr. 1 hr. 20 mins later, still no food. Called to complain, staff said driver would call with an update. He NEVER called. Called AGAIN a few mins later, 1hr 30 mins, when the staff said: that they only had one driver and that that was the reason why our food was late. I have worked in retail AND food establishments ( a pizza place none the less) and i can tell you one thing...---Staffing issues are NOT the CUSTOMER's problem.--- After complaining a THIRD TIME, they discounted our food 50%.  Our food FINALLY showed up 1hr 45 mins later and even AFTER the discount, i would NOT have paid that much for our food. The pizza was hard and had little flavor with almost no cheese.  The wings were overdone, tiny, and cold, the mushrooms were full of grease, and the cheese sticks were only luke-warm. You could find better food at Barro's or Risotti's, and i've never had any issues when i order from Barro's OR Risotti's. Needless to say, i will not be ordering from Gino's again.
4	I only come here with my daughter and always have the same thing.  Cheese Pizza and Cheesy Bread Sticks.  Their pizza is delicious as well as their bread sticks.   I see people ordering sandwiches and other items but I figure why mess with a good thing.  Their prices are very reasonable, less than 15 bucks for 2 people.  Their pizza is very cheesy and always served hot. The only thing I would change about this place is the parking.  There is always a full lot.  Probably because they share with a karate studio, a sandwich shop I won't mention by name and a vet.  Also very annoying that they have 15 minute parking spots...the lot isn't that big that they need to dedicate 15 minute spots...and ps...if you are eating pizza...maybe walking 20-30 extra feet is good exercise.  Just my thoughts.
1	I have eaten pizza all over the country and this probably was some of the worst I've had. The price of the place indicates that the indgredients are extremely cheap and  the taste proves it. My co-workers and I decided to get pizza from here for lunch and were very disappointed. The food made my stomach so upset I almost had to miss an afterwork engagement due to being sick. We will not be eating there again.
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE service!!!!  Over an hour and a half for delivery and they still never showed up. No management and nobody gives a shit. They should be embarrassed to even be in business. Avoid this place like the plague. I'd give them a negative 20 stars if I could. This place is horrible!!!!!
4	My husband and I tried Geno's for the first time this weekend, and thought it was delicious! Reminded us of real NY style pizza!! Just fold a slice in half and enjoy. Great fried zucchini and mushrooms too!
3	If you want to pay a dollar more than Little Caesars for a large one topping that's twice as good then this is your place. I'm always amazed at people who want to bash a place for not serving gourmet food at dollar store prices. I've been there 3 times.
4	It's (obviously) not the best pizza in the Valley, but it just may be the best bang for your buck. My wife and I cruise over probably every two weeks when we don't want to cook or spend a lot of money. For $5, their regular cheese or pepperoni pizza hits the spot. Fast, simple, cheap, and pretty darn good. Very underrated in my opinion!
1	SUMMARY: I will not go to this place again. Irrespective of price, quality and taste, this place gets zero points for service.DETAILED:My kids are enthusiastic about ordering from this place after we moved to its Glibert neighborhood only two weeks ago. I ordered 3 pizzas over the phone and was told to pick up after 15 minutes. I went there after 25 minutes. My pizzas were waiting for pickup. I pay at the cashier & collected my receipt. The girl at the cashier desk, after my payment, quietly proceeds with the next customer in the queue. No word about my pizza. I patiently waited until the cashier collects money from the next customer and delivers her her boxed pizza & quietly ignores me. Then she proceeds with the 2nd customer after me. At this point, I was not clear on what is going on. I politely asked the girl about my order. She replied that she has to take the order from the next customers. At this point, I felt frustrated and began getting assertive. The girl continued to ignore me. I had to use some loud complaining demanded attention of a supervisor or a manger. She said there is "no manager on floor". After raising my voice further and yelling for attention, the pizzas were handed to me by another store personnel.
1	This a review for the Higley and Baseline location. Screw up an order once. Ok I'll forgive you. But a second and a third time? Really?! You're not splitting an atom here, You're making pizza...a simple pepperoni pizza and not a very tasty one at that! Here's how to do your job: 1. Take order.2. Make pizza.3. Give the right pizza to the right customer. Pass on this pizza joint. Pizza Hut is down the street.
4	As another reviewer said, it's not the best pizza in town, but for us, it's really close to where we live and when we feel in the mood for pizza and wings, it's fine for us.  Quick call and less than 1/2 hr later we can go pick it up.  Not an issue.Tastes good.  We don't like our pizzas loaded with stuff, so they put the right amount of stuff on our pizzas and the wings are good, too.  We don't like monster wings not skinny ones and these are just right.We get quick, friendly service and they always seemed to be packed when we go in, which isn't a big deal.  They always have our food ready when they say they are.  They also have good onion rings that my husband loves.We always order take out, so I don't know if you want to eat it because it seems like take out is very popular and that is comprised of 1/2 of the restaurant.   But, for take out, it's great.Prices are okay for what we get, but their $5 deal is good.  We'll use that some time.
1	Skip this location and go the extra few miles to the Geno's on Williams Field near Val Vista. The Famous cheesesteak at this location is hardly worthy of the name. At the Williams Field location you'll get a proper cheesesteak... 1000% better than here.
2	I normally love this place but they must have new management or something, because their overall operation has been seriously deteriorating. I just called for a carry out order and had the rudest man take my order. Literally just hung up on me when I was saying thanks after I was done ordering. Wow. Bad business practices. They should reexamine their service with so much competition in the same area.
2	Well, Geno's has raised their prices and are not accepting coupons from their site.  We've now had several not good experiences here.  They ran out of fries after taking our order that we were picking up without telling us.  That would have been nice to know before we picked up our order.  And then, they also go the order wrong.Another time we ordered two orders of fries, one order had a lot of fries and the other had half of it, yet we were charged the same price for both.  We also ordered onion rings and I think that only 1/2 the container was filled, which onion rings are not very compact.They would not honor a coupon from their own site.  What gives.  Tonight we ordered 3 subs and the subs were mediocre and had less meatballs than they had normally.  When I inquired why our order was so expensive, they said the price of their subs went up last week.  So, from earlier this spring the meatball subs were $5 and now $7?  Ridiculous price increase.Maybe the pizza is cheap, but I think we'll see if we can find another place nearby maybe towards Safeway area that is comparable.  And, as some other people have written, the people they employ are a bit rude.As much as my husband loves the bacon ranch fries, I'm just not interested in going here anymore.
1	5 stars when they first opened (chicken bacon ranch pizza was the best!)... I hate to admit it, but we would eat something there at least 2-3 times a week. Now, the pizza/cheese tastes different, way over greasy/oily, people will pay a few dollars more for quality (and support a local business). It's almost like the ingredients were much higher quality when it first opened. If there was a change, back to the initial high quality and care... We would be back, sorry old friend.
3	The pizza is good for $5 pies but the counter help is inconsistent and needs training. Is it the best pizza in town? Not even close, but it's the best $5 pizza.
2	I'm brutally stunned that a place which advertises $5 pizzas doesn't prep a few of the most common types of pizza for the inevitable lunch / dinner rush. it took 20 minutes for them to make a basic pepperoni pizza and I actually walked in before the dinner rush. joke's on me, every other customer in line behind me got their order first, and when I finally asked the counter girl if my order was coming soon, she pulled the order off the heating table and just thrust it at me, no explanation or anything.the pizza tastes like a $5 pizza, but there's no way it was worth the wait.  also, they advertise pizza by the slice outside the building but on the inside they amend that offer with signage indicating slices aren't sold after 4P. my guess is the owner/manager at the higley&germann location isn't super bright, or he/she is super shady
2	Higley and Baseline location is the only one I've tried. I'm underwhelmed. Ordered a large pepperoni, it came about with 13 pepperonis, kind of a ripoff.
1	I am absolutely appalled at the service here! The pizza is $5 you cant really expect much but Its pretty good.  The staff however are awful and I will not return.  I have had negative experiences the last two times I have gone.  The first time they refused to honor the special that was painted on the window, there was no manager just a snotty woman rolling her eyes at me when I questioned the fact that their special was painted on their own window presumably by them.  Today I gave them a second chance ordered a carry out and sat down to wait.  4 people came in ordered and left with their food while I waited.  The staff refused to acknowledge me finally more customers came in and someone came up front after 40 min I asked to cancel my order and get a refund.  The first girl couldn't help me, the second girl who was actually the one that took my order and watched me sit for 40 min said the ticket had gotten lost and she couldn't help me finally the manager came didn't say a word just gave me a receipt for my refund and walked away, no apology no effort to make it right nothing!  Clearly customer service is not a priority for the employees but as a manager you should act better.  I turned around to the lady behind me in line and wished her luck as I walked out of the restaurant.
1	Haven't eaten at this location but wouldn't recommend their take out service. Saw one of their drivers down the street from their location smoking a cigarette while some customers food is sitting in the same car. Disgusting.  Save your smoking habits for when you aren't delivering food.
4	Personally I found Geno's to be pretty good. They are duly  staffed by youngins (under what looks like 20) so you kinda got the feel that they had better places to be, but the gal that took our order was nice. We got a pineapple ham pizza and zucchini sticks. It all came out quickly and the pizza had two enormous bubble pieces!!! My favorite!!! The only downside: I wanted unsweetened iced tea and their machine gave me sweetened raspberry....not a biggie, I'll just dump it out and choose differently, although I think every Option is sweetened
2	Pizza is pretty good priced but not best I have had and the customer service needs work.  Staff wasn't very friendly and none even smiled at customers and we're too busy talking gossip amount themselves and very loudly instead of helping customers that are waiting.  Wouldn't come again.
2	Food is always decent.  Never once has my delivery order been correct.  10 times at least.  Always missing sauces.  Wrong dressings etc.  you get what you pay for...barely
1	Called in today to place a large order for my team. They would not deliver to us because we are located on the west side of the street and not the east side. Very disappointed and will take my business somewhere else.
1	My wife and I popped into Gino's for the first time this weekend, and sadly it will be our last visit.First, we had to veer around a mess of spilled ice cream and food in front of the entrance, which based on the crustiness of the spill it had been sitting there for a while.  We walked in, and the place was pretty dead; no customers inside and in the 30 minutes were were there we only saw one person come in for a pickup.  Just a few high-schoolers idly gabbing in the kitchen, apparently too lazy to go out and clean up the mess.We ordered the cheesy bread, fried mushrooms, and a cheese pizza (yes, it was just the two of us, and yes we were starving :-)  The pizza arrived, and the first thing I noticed was the puddles of grease pooling up on the surface, letting me know this was topped with that oily fake cheese rather than real milk cheese.  No surprise, for $5 I wasn't expecting top shelf ingredients.  The next thing I noticed was the pepperoni decorating my Cheese pizza.  I let the cashier know about the mix up, and she asked if I wanted them to cook a new pizza.  I could see the high schooler in the kitchen giving me the stink eye and knew that I would be getting some fresh pubes and saliva in my pizza and elected to take a pass on a replacement pie.  And how in the world can you screw up a cheese pizza!We ate the cheesy bread and mushrooms, and then asked for a box to take the pepperoni debacle to go.  The cashier hands us a box that is slimed with grease and food debris; we ask for a clean box and more stink eye ensues.Overall, my expectations were extremely low for a place that sells $5 pies, and Geno's still managed to disappoint me.  The place seemed dirty, the food was greasy and lifeless, and the service from a bunch of high school rejects was atrocious.
4	Eaten here many times since my original review, mostly because it's decent pizza with an exceptional price. It has gotten A LOT better! Minus their tendency to get orders mixed up (semi-understandable because they are always slammed), I had to bump up the stars. I have also recently discovered their italian sub and honey hot wings and they are super good!!
1	Horrible  management . Pizza is what u pay for... a gallon of grease!this is by far a disgrace to new York. This is a chain an won't go far, if your selling this for food you should think about just donating it to the homeless "sorry homeless" but this pizza and service sucks... horrible... crap.... ect...ect....
