3	Are you sick of fighting for tiny bistro table at Starbucks to operate out of? Then switch to First Watch for a terrific spot for long leisurely working breakfast-lunch.  While the coffee isn't quite Starbucks quality, it's definitely a cut above average and most importantly it ain't at Starbucks prices either...and with endless refills to boot.  Also you can get solidly good breakfast food (especially if, like me, you're a fan of biscuits & gravy) as well as decent selection of sandwiches & salad for lunch.3-star food plus 1 extra star for above average bottomless coffee & newspaper as well as healthy options for those days when you may feel like cutting down on grease.
4	I like their burrito vera cruz. My boyfriend loves their blueberry pancakes.Yeah, First Watch is usually full of old people, but it's nice to take a break from the tragically hip 20-somethings that never learned quite how to use their 'indoor voices.'They make any and all crazy substitutions you want. Their staff has always been friendly at every location we've gone to. I think this location is moving to Kierland, and the downtown Phoenix location is closed on weekends right now (lightrail construction).
5	This is my favorite breakfast meeting place. The food is consistently good, the service I have had is outstanding and they offer free wi-fi. It is a great place to hold a meeting as well as sit quietly and get some work done.I find that First Watch attracts customers of all ages and walks of life...it's part of what makes eating there enjoyable. The background music is normally jazz and the tv's are tuned to news, so it may be that it's an environment that attracts a more experienced sophisticated crowd, for me, it's my neighborhood place. The food is to my liking, the waitstaff treats me like family and I can surf the net. Just like my own kitchen with better food ;-)
4	I really like First Watch.  This location is very clean, the staff super friendly, and we were seated immediately upon arriving at 11am on a Easter Sunday.  The good egg??  Please.Sure, it's not the world's best breakfast restaurant I've ever been to (I'm from Europe, come on...), but it definitely ranks above any of the other little chain restaurants in AZ. In an ordinary world, I would give this Restaurant 2, or 3 stars, but we live in the desert where Originality and Menu rarely walk hand in hand.  With that said, at least I know I can depend on First Watch to deliver their dishes in a friendly, fresh, fast and (if you so choose) healthy manner. * try the Yogurt Fruit Crepe.* I've never noticed 'just old people' at this restaurant.  I see families and couples.  Unless you consider me old at 28, in that case, sure.  Old.
4	Wow, I almost forgot about this place - and its really a great place for breakfast. I used to frequent the location downtown all the time.This location is much newer and uses the same fantastic ingredients. The "Trifecta" was my favorite.For the record: First Watch is: "good food, from good people".
4	3.5 stars - for sure above average...Today was my first visit to a First Watch and I was pleased.  It was nice to walk right in at 11:30 on a Saturday and not have a wait at all... I met my friend (future yelper Jamie M) for brunch - First Watch was her suggestion and it worked out perfectly.The menu reminded me of the Good Egg, but service was awesome, and food was good too.  Our waitress, Amy, kept my water glass full and let me tell you, I was thirsty today having run earlier in the morning - I guess I just needed to hydrate.  I went with one of their healthy options - an egg white omelette with veggies and salsa + an english muffin.  I substituted the fruit for cottage cheese and cleaned my plate.  Jamie had the roll-up breakfast sandwich - it looked good too.  Next time, I may take Michael C's advice an go with the "Trifecta."Go to First Watch for consistent food, great service, and a clean, bright atmosphere - yes, it's a chain and yes, it's in a stripmall, but if you look beyond that, it's perfectly fine!
3	We've never been to this location, and overall, it was fine. They were busy at 11:00 on a Sunday, but we got seated within 10 minutes, just as they had predicted. Service was fine, but not stellar. The coffee was a tad harsh, and I had to ask for water.  Our breakfasts were OK: I had the Trifecta, the idea of which I wish I would see more often on menus. It was a Belgian waffle, 2 eggs, and 2 pieces of bacon or sausage. My bacon was pretty over-done, and my over-easy eggs were slightly under-done. Think of me what you will for the next comment, but the cooks at Cracker Barrel *always* get the eggs and bacon right. The waffle was neither the best nor the worst I have ever had. Hubby had the bacon and avocado omelette, which he liked well enough. He was glad for the salsa, which he said made the dull potatoes more palatable.I don't think we'd ever make this First Watch a destination breakfast, but if we find ourselves hungry at the Promenade again, we might give it another chance.
4	Our family has been going to First Watch in Cincinnati, OH and Northern KY for years and it was a pleasant suprise to find it out here in Scottsdale/Phoenix.  This location is fine, we get seated quickly and the food is good.
4	This is either first or second on my list of breakfast restaurants in Scottsdale!  My girlfriends and I come here at least once a week.  Their food is addictive.  Coffee is good.  My girlfriend who introduced me to First Watch swears by the Turkey Dill Crepegg.  I'm a huge fan of the Acapulco Express, Sonoran Fritatta and the Chicken Salad Melt.  I'm drooling as I type this because it's all so good.  The staff is nice, always makes sure you have something to drink and they're fast!  The colors in this place shift my mood to cheery every time I'm there.  Sunday mornings can be busy, but it's no biggie- they have tables and benches outside to chill out on.
3	Do people eat breakfast at Phoenix!?  We showed up to First Watch to get some energy for our shopping extravaganza at Nordstrom Rack.  It wasn't very busy and we were seated rather quickly.  I took a look at the menu and it reminded me of J. Christopher's in Atlanta....although the food taste 10 times better!Danielle ordered this huge biscuit with sausage and eggs and I ended up trying one of their banana and granola pancake with a side of eggs and potatoes.  The portions are really huge and well worth the price.  Not a bad place if you are just craving breakfast.
4	This place reminds me of a breakfast place my folks use to take us to back in New York called the Pancake House in Greenlawn, NY.The food is delicious, and geared towards a healthy lifestyle. You can find all protein breakfasts too all veggie meals. They are very accommodating and polite. Sometimes there is a wait on Sunday morning because of the church going crowds.
4	Have dined here many times now and have to say that the food is always fresh and tasty, the staff fast and friendly and the setting is bright and comfy (if you get a booth). You have plenty of healthy and not so healthy options. Today I tried a tuna fruit salad with a delicious home made poppyseed dressing (on the side)...the honey dew melon was so deliciously sweet! My husband had raisin french toast smothered in butter and warm blueberry sauce....he is still going on about how good it was! lol The bottomless coffee is also an awesome wake-me-up.
5	I had never heard of this breakfast place until my dad took me this morning.  This place is great!  My dad and his wife said it was the best breakfast place in town, and I'm inclined to agree, even though I've only been to a couple of breakfast places.  I had the fruit crepes, which came with granola and their muffin of the day, while my little sister had an omelette and my girlfriend had some dish with sausage and egg.  I tried everything and it was all great, and super cheap to boot.  I think each of our dishes were like $7.
2	This place is good, but very ordnary, nothing special, nothing stands out about it, they use pace salsa!!! The service was ok, but 2 min after we got out meal, the waiter asked if everything was ok, and dropped our check!!! I thought this was very tacky, he was not busy, and we were being rushed out!! We will not be going back, what's the point.. We can get as good, and alot better food, with better service elsewhere
4	My last two breakfasts here I have ordered the 'Healthy Turkey' .... which is an egg white omelette with diced turkey, spinach, feta cheese, diced onions and tomatoes. It is served with an english muffin and is very tasty! ... My husband continues to order his standard raisin french toast smothered in butter and warm blueberry sauce .... with two eggs over easy on the side .... and is still loving it! : ) The coffee is also consistently good and is kept topped up by the great wait staff.
2	I was absolutely starving so I looked around and saw chairs outside on a patio. When I walked up to First Watch I was a little confused. Their logo seems more like a diet organization than a restaurant in my opinion. Maybe the cafe needs to be a little larger.  I sat down with one of my friends and we ordered. I love breakfast and the omelette I ordered was not satisfying at all. The eggs seemed greasy and no one wants that when you order egg whites!  My friend took two bites of her pancakes and didnt want to eat anymore. Overall, we will not be returning!
4	We've been to First Watch several times now for breakfast and each time go we always feel satisfied when we leave. The food is on the healthier side, and the portions are more in line with what a "normal" serving size should be, unlike some places that pile on the food until their patrons are unbuckling their belts and practically throwing up when they walk out the door. They even find a way to make the potatoes crispy and light instead of weighed down in grease and oil. The food is good, and everything we've tried we have really enjoyed, but if you're looking for a breakfast place that will knock your socks off, you won't find that here. And that's perfectly fine. This place doesn't pretend to be the next best thing since....well I don't know what.... and it doesn't need to because plenty of people like this place for exactly what it is: A healthy, reliable and affordable breakfast eatery that always delivers fresh tasty food with great service. For what it lacks in an adventurous and exciting menu, it makes up for with the quality and consistency of the food that does come out of the kitchen, and that's what keeps people coming back for more. 3.75/5
4	For those that don't know my eating habits, I tend to stick to the things that I like. I find something and I end up pretty much sticking to it. First Watch is another one of those restaurants that has helped me to "branch out". I try to eat healthy for the most part and stick to their healthier part of the menu and have tried just about everything in that section and have not been disappointed. The Tri-Athlete Omelette and the Power Wrap are my favorite. Just the right amount of food to fill me up and get me going for the day. I also enjoy the Lean Machine but, have heard some negative feedback about the "bland" turkey patty so be aware. My thought is that it is supposed to be healthy so I don't expect too terribly much from the patty of turkey. Especially since the rest of the meal is so perfect. The service has always been great and the food has always come out rather speedily. One time the food came out in less than five minutes! After speaking with the owner, he let me know that they try to get the food out in under a certain amount of time. He stated the faster they get it out, they can keep from getting backed up in the kitchen. Haste does not make waste in this case at all. I always leave satisfied and look forward to going there again.
4	Had breakfast here this morning for the first time and upon arrival I was impressed.  The restaurant is open and bright and there was free coffee in the lobby, definitely a kind of place that I want to start my morning.  After being seated, a coffee pot and water pitcher were brought to the table.  I really like this as I tend to drink water faster than it can be refilled and it prevented me from drinking too many cups of coffee, which tends to happen when someone else is pouring.  The food was good as well.  I ordered the greek fetish omelet.  It was overall tasty, but I felt like they skimped on the filling.  I like a full omelet and this was far from it.  The english muffin was normal and the side potatoes were good, but nothing remarkable.  My Aunt had the chikichanga and she loved it.  I would probably try one of their more specialty items if I came back again.
4	This is always a good option and I've been here for breakfast, brunch and lunch. The service is always fast and everyone is always very friendly. I love their egg white omelets and their sandwiches are very large and come with fruit, their side salad and the First Watch Potatoes so you get an ample amount of food and the prices are really quite good considering you really do get two meals out of their portions. Their menu is pretty diverse and has some interesting options on it and they will make substitutions as you need or request. I also love that their nutrition information is on their website so you can make a better choice if you want, or just splurge. It can get busy on weekends but it's a very nice little place to enjoy some good food at good prices and with friendly staff.
4	I've been coming to First Watch's various Phoenix locations for years.  I've consistently had positive dining experiences each time.  I brought my family to the Scottsdale Promenade location on a busy Saturday morning for breakfast.  We were seated by a friendly host after a short wait (we were told 15 minutes and were seated in 10 minutes).  The server was attentive and friendly.  The food (as always) is fresh, served quickly and delicious.  The First Watch Potatoes are delicious.  Besides traditional eggs, pancakes and omelettes, there are a variety of dining options (wraps, salads, sandwiches) for brunch and lunch.
5	I eat breakfast there EVERY WEEKDAY.  The food, service, personal attention makes this the best stop of the day.  Food is very consistent and priced right.  Eggs always perfect.  Coffee served in thermos pot.  Time from order placed to food served is almost immediate.  Have never had anything but great experience.John, Stacy, and all the crew will pamper you.LKcowboy
4	I enjoy coming to First Watch when I'm in the mood for  a relaxed, easy-going experience for breakfast.  I always get in quickly and we get service quickly.  Plenty of space in the restaurant - bright and airy. The menu is perfect for breakfast.  Lots of healthy options.   Omelets are tasty. Love the french toast and pancakes too.
5	A delicious place for breakfast! I had the trifecta which included a perfect belgian waffle, eggs, and bacon. There are a few combinations you can make. I'm a woman so I do like my options :)! Their menu is great, lots of healthy options to choose from and a lot of the egg breakfasts allows you to switch to egg whites at no additional charge!
4	Have been here at least 3 times in the last 2 months.  The food is always good and the service is perfect.  Line-ups get a little long on the weekends.
5	Great breakfast place. I have been here a few time, servers are always friendly and the order comes very fast. My favorite has to be Bubba's Benny! Also, bring your dog and sit on the patio seating. They are welcome and will even get their own water bowl.
4	the hubby & i frequent this establishment quite often.... almost weekly... we love the friendly staff and the quick food delivery not to mention the yummy factor of the dishes. so many options but we are breakfast people, even at 1:30pm. the chickichanga is a MUST if you like a little kick with your meal. my personal faves are the crepeggs. each one is a perfect combo of omelet to crepe! oh! did i mention a free meal for your birthday if you sign up for their email club?? do it.
5	This place is hidden in a strip mall (Scottsdale Promenade, near Nordstrom Rack) but is one of the best breakfast places around. I go there once or twice every week and everything I've ordered has been consistently good. My favorites are the Floridian French Toast (with toasted wheat germ and piled high with fresh strawberries, kiwis, and blueberries), the Trifecta (most delicious waffle I've ever had--my hubby likened it to funnel cakes), and the Chimichanga. For an extra ~$1.50 you can get real maple syrup with your order. Those of you that know what I'm talking about, you know that nothing compares to REAL maple syrup. Every time I go to this place I leave happy and satisfied. Try it, you won't be disappointed :)
3	Ordered the Fruity Chicken Salad and my husband got the special.  He was happy with his meal, I wasn't so much.  Don't get me wrong- it was good- just not what I expected.  I was expecting a salad with some fruit thrown in.  What I got was fruit with a couple of spinach leaves under it.  I didn't even use the dressing... there was not point.My husbands meal looked awesome though.  I think I'll come here again and try something else- probably breakfast.
4	The Killer Cajun Omelette really is killer! Filled with smoked chicken, mushrooms, cheese and onion, the is a great omelette. They allow you to substitute cholesterol-free eggs or egg whites at no additional charge. This omelete is served with a semi-spicy creamy salsa and is accompanied with potatoes or fruit and an english muffin.Service was excellent as was their coffee. First Watch is a chain, but there are only 4 in the West--all in Arizona. I would expect to see more based on the the quality!
4	I had the Tri-fecta, which came with a single waffle, two eggs, and a single sausage link.   Good breakfast food, served pretty fast.Once the food arrived, no one checked back on me.   It was busy, but I still think a server should come by to ask you how everything is and to refill your soda.  I also had to wait a bit after I was done for someone to come by with the check.Better service and I would have given it 5 stars, I will try it again.
4	Friendly staff, quick to sit, good breakfast selections. My husband got the breakfast burrito. The sauce on it was a hollendace/salsa and he said it was different and tasty. I had a fresh fruit parfait and. Blueberry muffin. I loved the parfait. My little one had a blueberry pancake and he ate the whole thing! My husband and I love small breakfast cafes, so this was perfect for us while visiting Scottsdale.
2	It's been about 4 years since I initially raved about this location and this is the first time in probably 1-2 years since I last visited. While the food was close to what I remembered, the service was mediocre at best.I was trying to remember just why I stopped going, I know a big part was that I found a place I liked even better, but on looking back I realized that I went looking elsewhere because the service gradually went down. I had  bonded with a couple of wait staff who eventually left and it was kind of never the same, so I left, too.Which brings me to today. The morning started out well enough with a waitress who promptly took my order with a smile. But then my order was brought by someone else...I asked for salsa and watched as that waitress went into the kitchen and...started...talking...to...other employees. So I waited... and waited...and watched as she continued to talk with a couple of people who seemed to be more hanging around than working. I finally resigned  myself to using the hot sauce on the table. Now, I want to be fair here, I was alone and when you are the only one at the table the food goes fast. I was 3/4 done with my meal when the original waitress came by to see 'how my food was tasting'. Told her the meal itself was fine but she should know about the salsa incident. She then cryptically said she would find out who it was and left. A few moments later the other waitress came by and apologized for forgetting and wanted to know if I still wanted the salsa without looking at the now empty except for the muffin plate. No thanks.So, is that enough to spur me to knock down my initial review? Shouldn't be except for one other minor point. We're in the desert with record heat this week and my water glass was never refilled, no one came by and even offered, in fact the check just kind of showed up at the table. Again, the restaurant was busy enough that this could have been an oversight but employees were standing around. In fact, when I went to pay the check, the Manager was hanging out with two of the waitstaff up front and the little bit of conversation I heard didn't sound work related to me.It is so very rare that I skip out on the tip, but my feeling is that when the bill is almost twelve bucks, I could at least be offered a second glass of water. Tipping is a reflection of the service rendered and I wasn't feeliing to good about that service by the end of the meal.
3	It was ok...nothing special really, although I just had the basic eggs, bacon, english muffin, and hash browns.  The service was so-so.  Again, nothing special.  If you want an ok breakfast at an ok price, then go here.
2	Decent breakfast grub, but a more expensive than it's ambience or location justifies.  Probably not worth waiting in the Sunday brunch line for this place...  Service was minimal with the check plopped on the table halfway through the meal and the staff attempting to take the plates before we were done eating.  It was a busy time, of course, but we were seated for less than 30 minutes and felt rushed out.  I'd have preferred Waffle House.
5	Out of all the times I've been AZ (not to mention living there) I'd never even heard of this place or been taken here (yay for visiting and parents wanting to feed you)!Everything is fresh and healthy and being that was I going for vegetarian at the time I had plenty of options. After a pain-staking decision I went for the Veg'd Out. AMAZING. I practically licked my plate. (Luckily my parents raised me better than that. In public at least). The service was friendly and most efficient and the food was delicious; definitely an improvement over the usual breakfast places I generally get dragged to! Bonus points for the humorous menu..I'm such a sucker for menu's with a sense of humor.
5	First Watch is a favorite of ours for breakfast but they also do a nice lunch too.   Get there early if you are going on the weekend, this place gets busy but they seem to turn tables rather quickly.Lunch time, especially later, is generally quiet and relaxed.  Good time to dine alone if you are inclined.Turkey dill crepe is one of my all-time favorites - fresh mushrooms & spinach make me smile.   I like my potatoes and toast/muffin well done and they always get it right.  Also extra-crispy bacon - a side order is 4 slices - share w/ your friends but don't pass it up.  I also like their skillet breakfasts but you'd better be really hungry because these guys are big.  Did I mention french toast & waffles?  Yes, they are also really good.If you're a fan, join their free SunE-Club.  They'll email you coupons occasionally and a free meal on your b-day.  Now that's something to smile about!
4	We stop here frequently for a quick breakfast or lunch. Service is always very friendly and quick and unobtrusive, indoors or out.  There's a lot of good stuff on the menu, including some creative and unique options, so I never have trouble finding something tasty. The glaring omission, though, is a good-ole-fashioned egg sandwich... very odd not to see it here.  Sometimes the waitress will get the kitchen to make one for us, but sometimes we have to assemble something ourselves. Overall, tasty and reasonably priced breakfast fares.
4	Why don't I think of First Watch more often? It would seem that this great breakfast place would be on my radar . . . it provides the quickie delicious breakfast without sacrificing service. I have been here at least a half-dozen times and I am never disappointed!  It was a fairly busy mid-morning on Sunday, but wait time was less then ten minutes. The actual size is much bigger than it looks from the outside. Their omelets are a good size and they make them soft when I remember to ask. They made my husband's hard, as he always asks. The potatoes with sauteed onion are seasoned perfectly, and they both came with an English muffin - yum! Our server was friendly and very efficient -- we were in a hurry to get to Scottsdale Fashion Square!
4	I enjoyed my maiden voyage to First Watch this past Sunday. My wife and I were here early before 9am so there weren't the crowds that I have read about in past reviews.I had "The Traditional" which consists of two eggs scrambled with 4 turkey sausage links plus an English muffin and fresh seasoned country potatoes. This was a filling breakfast and just the right amount of food. I really enjoyed the Turkey Sausage Links plus they gave you 4 of them instead of the standard 2 you get from most places.The service was perfect, not overbearing, not too little. And what is really cool is that other servers will pick up the ball and refill your drink or answer questions, etc. Prices seem reasonable as well, so it looks like I have found a good "go to" breakfast place.
4	Great bacon!  Really good food, good portions, and great service... and the bacon!  They have a pretty nice breakfast and lunch assortment and fantastic bacon.  The prices are decent for the portion size.  I'm gonna have to read through this review to see if I've mentioned the BACON.  Anyways, when you go, be sure to get ya some bacon... enjoy.
5	I've been coming here for a while and love it. The food is great and the service is excellent. I highly recommend it! I get the Trifecta which is a great money saver!
4	Belgian waffles are to die for.... We are always on a quest to find a 'great' breakfast place nearby and we enjoyed everything we ordered. I had the breakfast scramble which consisted of scrambled eggs, spinach, ooey gooey yummy cheese, ham, all on a crisp & buttery croissant.  Can't wait to try their lunch menu next!
4	You've heard of their existence for years now, although you've never actually seen one...kinda like Bigfoot.Churchgoers.Well they're here and apparently, the word is out because this place has a bevy of them on Sunday mornings...causing you to wait thirty or so minutes before claiming your table.It'll be worth the wait however.Try the muesli pancakes with a side of bacon. After wolfing the delicious cakes, it's time to have some fun with the bacon. It'll be dry enough to crumble,  making it easy to fire through your straw.Your target?The churchgoers.More specifically, their women...seeing how many pieces of crumbled bacon you can launch into those weird-ass bouffant hair-do's without anyone ever noticing.Think of it as getting even for snaking your table when the hostess announced "Smith...party of two."You always weasel the Smith table. What was THEIR problem anyway?
5	Love this place!  Food delicious!
1	We had a pretty disappointing experience here; we will not be returning. EVER.The only positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt and attentive. The food, however, was horrible. I can't understand all of these relatively glowing reviews about the meals here. I had some sort of biscuits and gravy breakfast with sausage (can't remember what it was called). Everything was dry, tasteless, and inundated with onion. I have never had a sausage gravy with SO MUCH ONION taste before and it was nauseating. In addition, my husband had a Belgian waffle with sausage; he said the waffle tasted like "sawdust" and the sausage was burned.We should have complained to our waitress, but we were feeling lazy that day, I guess. Shame on us! Anyway, we picked at our food for a bit and left pretty unhappy. Like I said, we will not be returning for a "second chance" at First Watch.
4	This place was fantastic!This past weekend the boy and I were in Arizona for a wedding. We knew nothing about Scottsdale except that it was boilig HOT! We stayed across the street at the sleep inn and woke up Saturday morning for breakfast. After looking up some places for breakfast we decided on this one...Man did we make a wise decision!This place was busy so we knew it would be good. We got there at 11, so most of the morning crowd had already left.We were greeted by friendly smiles and excellent service. Our waitress was so nice and super helpful, actually everyone was, but I'll get to that in a minute.The food:Such a unique menu! I had the chikichanga which is basically a southwestern twist on a breakfast burrito. It has grilled chicken, avocado, egg and some sort of magical sauce that is like nothing I had ever had before! The tortilla is also grilled to a perfect crisp. It came with a small cup of fruit and some home fries, also like nothing you have had before, they are bright red (maybe paprika?). The fruit cup was VERY small, but our waitress said she would get me more fruit if I wanted it.Mark had the french toast on sourdough and a scrambled egg which he seemed to enjoy since it was completely gone before I had hakf of my food.Now the service...Superior to most! Since we were from out of town and Scottsdale from what we gathered was a bit small we had no idea what to do, except hide from the sun and brutal heat. We asked our waitress and she was able to give a few suggestions, but when she ran out of ideas she brought someone else over to give us a few more. It was great. She also kept coming back AFTER we had finished to refill our drinks and told us we could hang out as long as we wanted to, no rush.This place gets an A+ in my book. I was happy to leave AZ, but wouldnt be too upset to take this place with me.
3	Had lunch here and found it to be tasty and a good value.  I chose an albacore sandwich (tuna salad) and the pecan dijon salad for the 1/2 and 1/2 for $7+.  The salad was more like a warm compote made of chopped pecans, chicken, crunchy veg and a dijon cream dressing.  Friend chose an egg white veggie omelet and was able to make up a meal to fit her stringent diet.
5	We have been here a dozen times and enjoy it every time. I am making my way through the menu and there is nothing I would not recommend. They are fast too. I enjoy sitting outside when the weather is nice.
4	I love this place, you can always count on it for some great food at a great prices. The Tri-athlete omelet is the best.
1	I took my parents here today, none of us had ever been.  The food was terrible, they skimp on all their ingredients.  I ordered the killer Cajun omelette, there was the portions of the food were extremely small, and all the ingredients in the omlette were all on one side of the omlette.  As my father was paying the bill the hostess asked how our meals were, and my dad told her...not very good.  This girl said nothing after!!  Nothing!  If you want below average food and service....this is your place!  If you are looking for a good breakfast then there are many better places in the valley.
3	Food is good. Staff is very attentive and friendly. The only gripe I had when I ate here was the egg benedict. They used lunch meat ham vice Canadian Bacon or shaved ham for the meat. First time ever I've seen that.I mentioned it to the server (who seemed to be the manager too) and his comment was "we don't have Canadian Bacon." I said I know, that's why I'm suggesting it. I've never seen eggs benedict served this way.....ever. He said "Yeah, we have a lot of customers who mention that."Maybe it's just me, but if you have a lot of customers "mentioning it" then fix it. Responsiveness to your customers is pretty important.Other food was fine. Not spectacular, just what I would expect.
4	First Watch guarantees me 3 items---great breakfast, free wifi and great prices. Service is unpredictable, but this trip was successful. My com-padres from work were all disappointed in how bad breakfast was at the Hyatt House, so they asked me to pick a spot to eat where we had wifi. I knew this was the spot, but could remember the name. Google was unsuccessful so I used Yelp to locate Breakfast + N Scottdale. (Note---try not to do this on the iphone in traffic on the Pima Freeway). Anyhow, Yelp got us there and every was was happy with the results. First Watch continues to deliver consistently good food in this location.
4	I just moved to AZ from Honolulu with my bf and found this to be a great breakfast / brunch place. They do close at 2:30pm.On my last visit, I ordered the amazing "2 for you"! You get the choice of a half sandwich & either soup or salad for $7.95...WHAT A DEAL!! I ordered the  Monterey Club & the No. 5 Chinese salad. What an amazingly refreshing lunch! I highly recommend this day cafe, this may not be the best review, but if you stop by the line may sway you:)
3	The First Watch is just ok.I like the concept and that are many healthful items. I also appreciate that nutritional information is readily available. I typically get the Tri-Athlete Omelet meal. It's an egg white omelet with onions, tomato, and green chilis. I typically ask for feta in the omelet and they do not really put enough. It's usually just a sprinkling on top. The onions inside are always undercooked and have a straw like texture since they are shredded. The English Muffin is typically chewy, like it's toasted for too short of a time. Their Hummus Wrap is pretty bland.I do, however, like their pancakes. You can choose from a variety of mixins. I've had blueberry banana and chocolate chip banana. They are always really well cooked. They should really do "healthy" a little bit better, with better cooking technique and spices. Also, don't be so stingy with the cheese!Their chamomile tea is really good.
2	Mediocre review for a mediocre meal. Womp Womp WompAlright its not all bad. The restaurant is quite large, its always buzzing with happy families and their menu is extensive. My 3 stars are for very slow service and a meal lacking any flavor. I ordered the "tri-athlete" breakfast: egg white veggie omelet (usually with salsa on top), side of cottage cheese and a toasted english muffin. Despite what some people may think, there is no reason why healthy meals can't be packed with flavor. Yes, even without the bacon (gasp!).The omelet was cooked decently but it didn't have any seasoning to it. Basically I struggle to rave about because I can replicate and exceed it at home. Now, my friends enjoyed their breakfast- especially the pumpkin pancakes (a specialty during the Fall only). Our server took enough time to come and refill coffee and take our orders that we often had to hunt her down so we could finish our breakfast in under 2 hours. I'm sorry this review lacks wittiness, charm or good writing. Its mediocre, kinda like First Watch. Yikes.
5	what A JOY TO FIND THIS RESTAURANT IN Scottsdale AFTER MANY OTHER DISAPPOINTING MEALS AT OTHER RESTAURANTS IN TOWN.  My husband ordered the traditional breakfast and I had the Pecan Chicken Salad, which was delicious. Portions were large and tasty.  The waitress was attentive and suggested items for us to try.  Very good prices compared to many others in this expensive town.  I heartily recommend this cafe for breakfast or brunch, and know you won't be disappointed,  We ate here 3 out of 5 days for brunch and it was always good food.r
3	Good prices, nice service, you can even get $2 off your next visit by answering the survey on your bill, and pretty healthy choices.  So whats the problem.  I guess I'm just used to bigger portions (yeah I know, bad me) with my food.  Hubs reuben was a bit small and was dry.  Reubens are supposed to be sloppy and my bacon and eggs were just good.I suppose you could say the portions are what we should be eating to be healthier anyway although I did see someone with a nice sized pancake on their plate.  A lot of their food because it is "healthier" has ingredients in it that I don't like or am allergic to.  It happens.  But if you are in the area and need something good and light for breakfast then this isn't such a bad joint.
5	We really like FW.  It is a must go spot when we have out of town guests.   Especially like the half and half sandwich and salad/soup options.  Have never had a negative experience!
4	This restaurant is near my office and me and the boy stopped in on our way back to Tempe from Carefree for breakfast this morning. There were quite a few people waiting before us, but the wait was about 20 minutes and we didn't mind waiting. We perused the menu while we were waiting and didn't take too long to order once we were seated. I got the tri-fecta with a chocolate chip pancake and a side of toast and my bf had the 1/2 lunch special with the beefeater, cobb salad, and biscuits and gravy. My meal was pretty standard, but good nonetheless. I am interested in tasting the other whole grain pancakes they have. My bf really liked his meal. The service was great and I'll definitely come back.
4	First time coming here for breakfast and I am impressed. Fresh, high quality food....plus it's yummy! And their menu is on Weight Watchers so I can track what I eat easily.I will be back for sure!
4	A great breakfast spot!   Friendly and prompt staff.   Try the chickichanga.  It's great!
4	My wife and I ventured out this way after we hiked Pinnacle Peak.  It is a great place to go after a hike cause they offer a variety of healthy options.  All of their stuff is made fresh and tastes that way too.  Only being here once I feel you cant go wrong with anything on their menu.  Definitely coming back!
5	First Watch is a little taste of home for me.  I had no idea this was even in the valley until I had a stay cation further up north in Scottsdale.  I have literally never been disappointed in anything I've eaten here.  Pancakes? Amazing.  Omelet? Amazing.  Skillet Hash?  Well...you get it.  I go here every time I'm home in Kentucky so I'm sure you could imagine how excited I was to find out it's in the desert!  It's not quite as amazing as some of the other breakfast places in the valley, but when something reminds you of home it doesn't always matter.  If you're nearby and can pop in, do it !
3	Good food, nice people but darn they are so expensive.  Eggs and bacon and tea, 2 servings of waffles coffee and tea 42 bucks.
5	A great place! It was recommended by Yelp for brunch. Excellent recommendation. The service was excellent, food came out fast and was delicious. The menu was extensive with originals. Not just the standard breakfast items. Lots of healthy choices along with a few decadent ones. Made it very hard to choose!  I will definitely come back here next time I visit Scottsdale !
1	I got a mushroom and I believe green chili omelette. What they did was cook up some egg whites, then pour a can of mushrooms in the middle along with the mushroom juice/water from the can. It was one of the grossest breakfast experiences of my life. I will never go back.
2	Knew I wasnt going to like this place the minute I came in!  Was starving from previous nights partying and was sat immediately, and given a menu with pictures on it(which I hate and is always a bad sign) that really seemed to be a random collection of items with a bunch of eggwhites and turkey products.If you're going to serve only breakfast and lunch, it better be GREAT!  Potatoes I think were processed, awful and unappetizing, bacon was low quality, orange juice had a funky flavor.  Felt like food I would eat at a hospital cafeteria.Only 3 bright spots were prices were low, eggs were perfectly cooked, service was good and place was clean, what should be the components of a good experience, but just wasn't goodDo not expect this place to be around for long!
5	I'm not sure why people would give this place anything less than a perfect rating. If you are looking for a nice breakfast or brunch spot, why go anywhere else. I've been 4 times and every time the food is delicious. The ingredients are natural. One of the best breakfast spots in town.
3	After working a 18 hour shift me and my co-workers were looking for a spot that sold breakfast all day long. A few people we talked to recommended this place. I really enjoyed the neighborhood feel this place give off as well as the healthy choices they offer on there menu. I had there eggs Benedict which were pretty good. My co-workers really enjoyed there plates as well and ranted about the blueberry panckaes.
3	I love first watch,just not this location...I have been to this one 3 times and the manager is always rude..this time it's packed inside and as we walk in we open the door for him since he is carrying plates and he doesn't even acknowledge us. I would think he wo
5	I almost wanna give this place 1 star so that no one goes and I won't have to wait on line!  It's great from start to finish.  The wait staff is friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable.  The food is always hot and yummy, with good size portions and reasonable prices.  And now I see that management actually reads these posts and answers, too?  Y'all have your ducks (and chickens and turkeys...) in a row!  Good on you and we will be back
5	I found this place accidentally a few years ago while waiting for the Nissan deanship to fix my car. I thought it was a blood drawing lab from afar but figured out it was a breakfast place as I got closer. I was actually hungry so I stopped in and was greeted with awesome service. I asked the waiter for a recommendation and he told me to get the "Burrito Vera Cruz". I was hooked from there.I went home and told my wife about this awesome breakfast place up in Scottsdale....(an hour drive for us) and it has since become our favorite place for an amazing breakfast.We find ourselves making excuses to drive up to Scottsdale just so we can go to First Watch for breakfast. The prices are totally reasonable, the portions are just right, the restaurant itself is beautiful and the staff are friendly and upbeat. Whats weird though is that we went to a First Watch in Phoenix and were totally disappointed. This location and the one along I-17 are incredible. Please build one closer to Casa Grande....PLEASE.
5	Love this place. Coffee is good, service is fast and the fresh fruit crepes are delicious. They come with a large muffin and granola. Almost too much for one person.  Nice and bright inside the restaurant and seating outside as well.
4	I have been coming here for about 7 years now and I love it. It's not that great decor but the food is great and they offer brunch until 3. I love the hash I think it's a amazing. Otherwise they have a big menu and it's all good. The food comes out fast too so if you're looking for a quick dine in then you gotta come here .
4	Solid place to grab breakfast. We had a good meal with quality ingredients. I had the Veg'd Out Omelet and they happily made it as a scramble for me upon request. My boyfriend ordered the French Toast Monte Cristo. He said it was a unique dish with a lot of different flavors. I also liked that the had flavored coffee creamers at the table. Our server was very sweet and helpful. We will definitely come back here next year.
4	Loved the Power Wrap!!!  Loaded with Swiss cheese, mushrooms, spinach and eggs!  Fresh fruit on the side tops it off!
4	the interior is crisp and clean and well laid out. plenty of tables without feeling smushed into each other. service was quick and attentive. the coffee was very good...strong. they leave the carafe on the table so you don't have to constantly ask for refills. i had the crimini mushroom omelette. 3 fluffy eggs loaded with mushrooms, cheddar, and tomatoes. came with a choice side of greens or potatoes, and an english muffin. it was cooked very well and i love that someone is serving salad greens at breakfast. it's a great thing!reasonably priced, about 8-9 bucks per meal.
4	Great food that is not of your regular breakfast selections!I tried the Bacon & Onion hash.  Awesome!  Not the usual bacon and eggs.  Coffee is very good as well.  Place was packed, although we were seated very quickly.My associate had the Chickenchanga... Looked awesome, he was pleased.  A return visit is definitely in order.Serving staff were quick and courteous.
3	Met a friend here for lunch recently.  We both enjoyed our meals.  The service was good the whole time.  Food came out fairly quick.  We were never rushed. Really is 3.5 like the average shows.  I would come here again.
3	Decent.  A good basic meal with an attempt to be creative but falls short.  Clean inside but lacks personality.  First time I've been here, but I believe it is either a chain or franchise.  Had a utilitarian feeling.
5	This is my regular lunch staple.  It has evolved from its previous role as a "sometimes I eat here" sort of place.  Admittedly, I always order the same thing but it's always good.  What sets this place apart is the service.  Everyone is always friendly, and the manager (I don't think I'm allowed to use names) always remembers my name and my "usual."  I am always treated very well here and I notice that everyone else is too.
5	Excellent service...  Delicious food.  Nice atmosphere.  So happy that we stopped by...
2	Waffle was soggy and undercooked. I ordered the waffle special and will not order that again. Bacon was burnt but a new order was OK. Bacon was not crisp but favorable according to my husband. They do not have much on menu for vegetarians. Also they tend to season with pepper in a lot of items.
5	The menu had an amazing selection of healthy delicious options!! It was difficult to choose only one from such great selections!! The food was healthy, good & beautifully presented.  The kids meals were the perfect portion size for my hungry kiddos.  The service was really friendly & great.  We highly roccomend others to come here & we will be back as well.
5	Great food, nice atmosphere. Always consistent and friendly service. The pancakes are huge! Many options for meat eaters and vegetarians.
4	If it's about food quality, this is the place. Everything from the syrup to the corned beef is outstanding. Even the chocolate used in the chocolate chip pancakes is top quality. The waffles are light and crisp and the pancakes are made from scratch. The potatoes are cooked and seasoned perfectly. It's not trendy and unique but definitely good fare.
2	Slight step up from Denny's. Take it or leave it. Just don't come with high expectations. Omelet was ok, potatoes were under cooked and coffee was meh. Wife's skillet had a large black hair-she's blond.
5	The food is always top notch here, and the service is impeccable.Today I called in my lunch to-go.  After being greeted by name at the door (I've only been in three or four times), I added to the order and while I was waiting (they were lightning fast!), three customers walked in behind me to either be seated or also to pick up.  They were each greeted by name as well.Very friendly and attentive service every time!
5	came into town for a seminar held at a local hotel & resort.last day checked out of hotel and wanted to still catch breakfast somewhere. yelped and found first watch. great find!our meal was tasty good and service was quick. check it out next time in scottsdale, az.
5	We love this place.  Service is great.  Prices are good.  Owner is friendly and personable.  Food is terrific.
1	Spoke to two servers an hour before our 11 year old girls soccer team was going to go there for a post game brunch.  Both were wonderful and excited that we called ahead.  When I spoke to the owner/manager John, he made it clear that they didn't really want our business.  Said it was going to be crowded in an hour and we would be better off not coming.  We took his advice and went to Over Easy.  Fantastic place with great service and a very nice menu!  Thanks John.
5	I always have a great experience here...  That staff is friendly and personable.. food is great, fast and consistent.. make sure to say hello to Ray at the front.. great people.. I usually do breakfast but they have a good strawberry salad for lunch too.
2	I've got a couple of things to say about the establishment... I ordered the bacon and onion hash with added mushrooms. About 40% of the plate now being digested, I felt really sick, I mean wanting to throw up when I looked at my food. My stomach felt like someone throwing up while watching a King tuna getting beat with a spiked club. I couldn't do anything except feel like there's spoiled fermented oatmeal slushing in my stomach... Our waiter was friendly and the atmosphere was inviting, but I don't think I could step back in the place again without feeling like a chain reaction of vomit churning in my stomach. If I was a security guard I know I couldn't take "First Watch", because I've got a H"anus" crime being committed in my colon!
4	We have been going here for years. Service and food is good.  I never took the time to write reviews on them so for 2015 I shall write!  It is bright, cheerful and nice to know the staff by name.  Country potatoes are not greased over, the cranberry nut pancake is almost as good as my homemade And the turkey sausage links are just like regular links-yum!  when you ask for egg whites or to remove butter they don't look at you like you have 3 heads.
