4	Fairly decent upscale Southwestern spot.  Great margaritas and nice outdoor dinning area.  The enchilidas were good, although I think I prefer the preparation at an authentic Mexican restaurant.The fried wonton "tortilla" chips and salsa were an excellent starter.
5	I was just  visiting Phoenix over the weekend for the Rock N Roll Marathon on  Jan. 14th. We were staying at the Hyatt Regency on 2nd Street & Monroe, walking distance from the Arizona Center that is blessed with Sam's Cafe! I can be a demanding customer due to my dietary needs. I am always in need of altering my menu selection and substituting items. Sam's wait staff & chef were extremely accommodating to me. I had the Fish Tacos on Saturday night with a full serving of steamed vegetables instead of the rice & beans it usually comes with. They also gave me the Chipotle sauce on the side and plenty of salsa... (GOOD salsa)!We were so pleased with our meal & service that on our last night in town we opted to return to Sam's Cafe knowing we would be satisfied with our meals and the menu has alot of goodies to choose from. I had the Salmon this time on a bed of veggies instead of sweet potatoes. I did let myself indulge in some of their tasty and chips with the chunky & tasteful salsa, (I just ran a marathon)! The chips themselves are very unique mixture of blue corn tortilla, sweet potato chips, and some other varieties...GOOD! I will return on any visit to Phoenix!!
4	My husband and I live downtown, and Sam's has become one of our favorite regular spots (bonus that the AMC theater is right there, too!). The chips are great- a variety of veggie, tortilla, and won-ton chips mixed in one basket. The tortilla soup, quesadillas, and especially the carnitas plate are all highly recommended. The Orange Beso margarita is so delicious and so big we always split one. The seafood pasta was acceptable, which is almost high praise in Phoenix where most of the seafood we've had is downright nasty. We've never had room for dessert, but the white chocolate/pecan corn husk is the perfect little bit of sweet at the end of the meal. Prices are fair and the outdoor seating is cool, but can be a little loud when they are crowded and the waterfalls are running in the courtyard. The service has always been good to excellent.
4	This restaurant closes their doors at 10pm SHARP!! My mom and I arrived at the restaurant at 10pm. The hostess planned to close the restaurant. Thank you Manager of the restaurant for letting us stay!!We basically had 5 minutes to look at the menu. Our waitress wanted us out ASAP. I didn't look at the menu carefully so I just picked something out of the Specialty section. Anyway, the chips and salsa were awesome!!! Our basket of chips had three varieties: corn tortilla, blue corn tortilla, and a sweet and spicy chip. I really liked the sweet and spicy chip since it tasted like a slightly spicy churro. Yum!  The salsa had a black bean flavor and chunks of tomatoes. Also yummy.The food came out so quickly!! It took like 10 minutes for the food to come out. Haha.I had the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken Breast. mMmMM.. the stuffing was so good!! I loved the herb-goat cheese mixed with the red pepper cream sauce and the cilantro pesto. The chicken was very moist! The asparagus wasn't too good, as it was chewy. However, the southwest rice pilaf was so creamy and had a smoky flavor. I also loved the extra touch of the tortilla chips on top of the dish. Lovely presentation!My mom had the Chicken Penne Pasta with the cilantro pesto. The chicken was moist, and the pesto had a deep cilantro flavor. If you hate cilantro, stay away from this dish!! There was a tad bit too much olive oil, but the strong cilantro flavor was awesome!It was a pleasant surprise to receive a frozen white chocolate tamale. YUMMY! I only eat white chocolate so I was so excited to eat this. Loved the nuts and the sweetness. Again, our waitress was not very nice to us. So I'm taking off a point for the service.We were out the door by 10:40pm.
3	Eating outside at Sam's while birds are awake is a bad idea if you a) have sensitive ears, b) are distracted easily or c) don't like feeling like you're in the middle of a rainforest.  The birds in the trees surrounding the patio are RIDICULOUS.  Excuse me birds, I'm trying to eat.  I don't need your incessant chatter, and I also don't need you perching on nearby chairs giving me those "look how cute I am, don't you want to give me a chip?" moony eyes.  And since you're shouting so loud to hear each other over the water feature, it just means the paying human diners have to yell to each other even louder to be heard above everything else.  Soothing, it is not. But if you're a mellow sort and you can let the cacophany fade into the background, you'll be stoked you found anywhere downtown that is serving food on a Sunday evening, and hey, it's early March and you're sitting outside for dinner because the temperature is in the mid 70s!  Gotta love the desert!The margaritas are glorified lemonade; I had to have 17 of them before I even started to feel a tiny bit buzzed, and even then it may have been just from wishing so hard.I had the carne asada and it was pretty good.  Flavorwise, it was quite good, although I couldn't get past the feeling that it was flavored with beef bouillon or something, to up the beef flavor.  Texturewise, if you told me I was eating mountain goat I would not have argued with you.  Note to management: sharp knives would be nice to cut through the stringy cut of meat.My server was fast and friendly, and didn't even call the Federales when I had to confess that I did not have my wallet.  Good thing online shopping has taught me to memorize my credit card number!!!Oh, and score on the chips & salsa concept: a mix of blue corn, corn, flour and. . . . sweet potato!  Hell yeah!  Only drawback was that some of the sweet potato chips weren't crunchy and had that awful chewy, oily texture of fried food gone wrong.  Who knew sweet potato chips would be good with salsa?!  Prices were great - my slab of some type of animal and onions (don't believe their promises of "onions and peppers" - it's mostly just onions) with black beans and rice, and a margarita all for less than $30, including tax and tip.  Not too shabby.Oh, and don't forget the white chocolate/pecan "tamale" they give you gratis.  It tasted just like a Jordan almond if you ask me, and even though you didn't, I just told you anyway.  Better than average mall food.
4	Margaritas were tasty but a little light on the booze.  Complementary chips and salsa were better than average.  Even though we didn't get any food the waiter still brought us a white chocolate with pecan mini tamale for desert at no charge.  Nice touch, just for that kind gesture I'll come back to eat.
3	Excellent chips and salsa, great patio, and consistent food. The "limit 2" margaratias are so strong I have never actually wanted a second one. I like the ahi salad a lot, which is a spicy seared ahi with their raspberry vinagrette, and the chimichanga is awesome. Dine on the patio or the bar for the best service, as sometimes inside it can be terrible. The patio is also great in the evening when the place is lit up with christmas lights and you get the view of the beautiful water features and scuptures. Keep in mind the Arizona Center, being the lush green place it is, has somewhat of a cockroach problem in the summer when it is warm, and them suckers are HUGE. Never seen one near the restaurants though. The menu has something for everyone, and everything is decent. If not for the proximity to my home, and the patio, this would be a sub-par bet, however.
4	I have been to this place a couple of times once for dinner and a couple of times for happy hour. And I love it. The servers are friendly, the place is beautiful, the best part is the outside patio. The only two negative things are the small bar area (happy hour is only in the bar) and the birds. The birds are cute, very chatty and will join you at your table to try and share your chips.The food was great, I got the enchiladas which were tasty and I asked to change the side and the waiter was more then happy to let me do that. A friend got the Tuna salad which she enjoyed. I am not a fish person but she let me try her tuna and it was actually pretty good. The chips that come to your table are okay, I'm not a fan of the sweet potato chips, the texture and taste just do not work for me. So when I go I ask if I can just get corn tortilla chips, and they are happy to do that too. The salsa is a red smokey salsa which is good, but you can ask for green salsa which is just as good.. maybe betterThe best part of this place is the Happy hour. The drinks are cheap and tasty. The best is the Grand Canyon Margarita which a mixture of orange, cranberry and prickly pear juices, its strong and only 3 bucks. The regular margaritas are excellent, on mondays that have a 10 dollar pitcher deal, a friend and I were able to get three each out of the pitcher. Good thing she lives in walking distance to the place. Another good thing about the happy hour is the food. The bar has its own list of items in addition to the restaurants main menu. The best thing on that list is the chicken nachos, so good, best nachos I've had in a long time. Another is the cheese crisp with carnitas, very tasty.  Most of the items on this menu are around five dollars, and for five dollars you get a lot of food enough for two. I would highly recommend this place.
2	My two-star rating for Sam's Cafe is based on our experience there for happy hour in the bar. If we ever return for dinner, I will update, but for now, I'll just say this place is really unremarkable and disappointing and that there are *way* better places to go for happy hour. We went for happy hour on Friday around 5:45 pm and sat in the bar at one of the high tables. There were only 3-4 other people in the bar area, (and maybe 6-8 in the rest of the restaurant) but it still took the bartender about 5 minutes to come over and take our drink order. I got the Grand Canyon Margarita (featuring cranberry and citrus juices), and my husband got the Cactus Margarita (basically the house margarita). Both were $3. We wanted to order some bar food as well, but again, it took him about 10 minutes to return with our drinks and take our food order, even though the bar was still quite empty. After already being irritable with the slow service (having both worked in restaurants, we are very understanding of how stressful it is to handle a lot of tables or drink orders, but the restaurant was so empty that there was just no excuse), the slow service was not the only bad part of our first experience at Sam's Cafe. The next negative was that the margaritas were so sweet and weak, they might as well just have charged us $3 each for juice. Then, it took another 15-20 minutes for us to get our bar food (carnitas cheese crisp, jalapeno poppers, and southwestern bruschetta) and when it finally came, it was all cold! We noticed that no one else in the bar area had gotten food, but all of a sudden, the bartender emerged from the back with an enormous tray of food and served everyone who had been waiting for food at once. Having worked in many restaurants, I know that one of the main rules of good service is that someone should take food out as soon as it's ready so that it doesn't get cold, and that as a server, I was responsible for doing so even if the food wasn't for my table. Either the bartender should have been checking in the back more frequently for food that was ready or someone else (like the manager, who kept wandering around in a daze but never appeared to be doing much) should have done him a favor (if he was really that busy) and brought it out. The third negative was that most of the food was not good at all. I know not to expect too much from bar food, especially when it was seriously discounted for happy hour, but two of the things we ordered were just bad. The carnitas cheese crisp was not light and crispy with gooey cheese; instead, it was a heavy and greasy flour tortillas covered in congealed cheese and dry shredded pork. Not good. The jalapeno poppers and boneless chicken wings were also terrible - Jack in the Box has better poppers and the chicken wings were straight out of a Tyson resealable bag. The Southwestern Bruschetta was fine, although it was very oily, and I have a hard time understanding how merely adding a ton of cilantro to a tomato mix makes something "southwestern." None of the food items was more than $5, but I have been to *many* other happy hours where you can get solid, flavorful appetizers for between $2 - $5. Kincaid's and McCormick & Schmick's are two great examples. The final kicker of our bad happy hour experience was when we asked the bartender for a check and he tried to pressure us to order more even though we said several times that we were finished. I believe the exact line was, "Are you sure you don't want anything else? More drinks? More food? Some shots?" Maybe I'm crazy, but I don't think you should order more to *make* your experience somewhere better; rather, you should order more *because* you're having such a good time. As persuasive as his "selling techniques" were, we weren't (having a good time), so we didn't (order more).
5	Five stars for my fire-roasted veggie tacos.Zero stars for the heat. My god, Arizona is Satan country.
4	Great place to sit outside & enjoy an afternoon with a friend, especially since the AZ weather is startin to cool slightly!  There were mostly business types and tourists dining around us.  We chatted over drinks while taking in the water fountains @ the AZ Center and soaking up comfortably warm sun rays.While waiting for our food, we grazed on chips that resembled a mix of real tortilla chips and some potato puffs that reminded me of Munchos.  Except the things that looked & crunched like Munchos had a slightly sweet taste.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos.  My plate came with the double shelled tacos with a zesty sauce and a choice of toppings for you to spoon yourself--black beans, spicy coleslaw mix & Spanish rice.  AT the end of the meal, they brought out white chocolate that had been chilled & wrapped in a corn husk.  It was just enough to satisfy a dessert craving without making you feel like crap, if you'd decided to order dessert after a deliciously filling meal.The only drawback is that the prices are a lil high--$10.95 for my Orange Beso margarita, which was poured @ the table.  (The server left the remainder in the shaker for me to imbibe).  And my taco plate was around $10 too.
4	I love this place for lunch or a casual happy hour when I am in town. The Chips are amazing. They are not your typical tortilla chips. Every basket has a sweet, spicy and regular flavor. The food will not WOW you but then again this is a laid back tex mex restuarant with good margarita's decent food but a really good atmosphere!
3	No real complaints about this place - last time I was here, I was fairly pleased overall.  Chips and salsa were a treat, possibly only because I was really hungry.  Pretty good margarita, as well.  I guess the reason this place doesn't get more stars is the food - while not bad, it doesn't stand out much.  I've never had any problems with the service here, though I've never been really impressed by it either.Eat on the patio - it's not a great patio, but it has a decent view of the Arizona Center's plaza.
4	I really enjoyed this place. I had some great grilled tuna with rice and veggies. It was cooked perfectly and the seasonings didn't overwhelm the tuna. Everyone else at the table got more traditional mexican dishes...tacos, fajitas etc. and they really seemed to enjoy them! I also had an AMAZING margarita. It was a specialty one with citrus flavors, I don't even like tequila but it was delicious. The outdoor seating area is beautiful. We ate surrounded by trees covered in twinkle lights, so pretty.
1	After reading all the other reviews of this place I have determined one thing. You all were obviously on crack when you ate here. Or maybe they gave you crack when you ate here...either way my experience was not the same.Went at about 4:00 on a Saturday, not a busy time for a restaurant so I wasn't scared away when we were the only ones in the entire place, next time, I'll make sure to think twice.They started us off with chips and salsa, and I'm rather shocked that no one has mentioned their chips are a total fail. Salsa was decent, but the chips were an assortment of sweet potato chips, stale blue corn chips, sweet fried chips (sugar and everything), and stale normal tortilla chips. All in one bowl. If they weren't stale, the blue corn and normal chips would have paired nicely with the salsa. But rubbery sweet potato (don't get me wrong, I like sweet potato)  and sugar coated with salsa? Really?We decided that we were going to order an appetizer and then a meal to split, and I love a good artichoke-anything so I ordered the artichoke dip. When it came out (like 20 minutes later) I had to ask them if they brought us the right dish. It was a bowl of queso and no matter how hard I searched, there was not an artichoke to be found. They didn't bring us any other chips to go with it, and let me tell you, sweet potato chips and queso don't go so great together. To make it worse, the menu said it was $6.99 but they charged us $7.79, if it was good I wouldn't have cared so much about $0.80 as I do.I thought a good beef fajita dish with a cup of chicken tortilla soup would be a safe bet, but they couldn't even do that right. They brought out corn and flour tortillas with the fajitas. Word of advice, if they ask you which you prefer save yourself the trouble and get the flour. The corn ones were so wet that they literally tore to shreds when I tried to peel them off each other. There wasn't a whole lot of beef in the beef fajitas either, and what was there was lacking in good flavor. And for the soup, Half Moon Sports Grill makes a better tortilla soup than this place...and they're a sports grill. Overall, food was bad. Service was very slow considering we were the only ones there, and I would never, ever eat here again. Did I mention they didn't give us silverware? We had to go steal it off another table.
3	For me, this place is very satisfactory. It's not super great, but it gets the job done. Also, I liked the chips and salsa that they served starting off. It was a nice mix of torilla chips and sweet potato chips. The service overall was really friendly and prompt and I didn't have a whole lot of complaints on that end.My one complaint? The portions served. I got a chimichanga that looks like a fried burrito from chipotle with a side salad. It was a pretty good chimichanga, but i didn't feel that great after eating the body weight of a newborn with a side salad to boot. As you can tell, I'm not big on leaving anything on my plate. Lastly, the cherry on the frosting for me was the white chocolate pecan dessert thing they give you at the end. It's their version of the chocolate mints that they give you with the bill. Come here to eat, don't come here for fine dining.
4	Yummy Margarita, interesting fried calamari, and fabulous blackened fish tacos!We decided we wanted Mexican Thursday night and found out within a walking distance of the Convention center you have about 3 choices for dinner.The one closest was indicated as herendous, so we immediately skipped it. One of the "ambassadors" suggested this place and said the carnitas were fabulous.We arrived right about 6pm and had no trouble getting seated outside. Our waitress was really friendly and happy.I started with a house margarita (rocks, salt of course) and it came in a shaker that help pretty much the equivalent of 2!!  Hence the limit to 2 to a person! Very tasty! I didn't think it was very strong till i got up and started to walk around!The chips and salsa were interesting. There were 2 different type of chips - some puffy with a bit of sweetness, some regular. Definitely tasty. And the salsa was good!We started with corn encrusted calamari - very interesting and yummy! I did the blackened fish tacos, hubby went with the steak and blue cheese quesadilla.The fish was amazing! Make sure you get extra salsa! The quesadilla was weird - not something we would get again.
3	"Great Meeting Room in Back" - We recently held a meeting in the back room and it was perfect. You were connected to the main restaurant, yet a wall blocked the noise so you could hear our meeting conversation. A glass wall to the beautiful Arizona Center gardens kept you from feeling too closed in. The server did a good job of keeping everyone's drinks filled and timing our orders. She filled bowls of chips and salsa with a mix of blue and yellow corn and flour tortilla chips. The salsa was pretty good.We had the Salmon and a Sweet Potato Puree served with Spinach Salad. It was a wondeful tasty lunch. The chicken sandwich and an enchilada plate seemed popular as well. I think we will keep this our regular spot for our monthly meetings for the foreseeable future. So, ladies, if you see us there on the third Saturday's of the month, come join the fun of the Network of Business Women Phoenix.
2	Went here for dinner with a group of 11. The service was great, the food was okay. I had the blackened fish tacos and the flavor was good, but it was nothing more than fish in a tortilla, nothing special. My favorite thing about this restaurant was the basket of chips they put on your table. They had everything from regular tortilla, deep fried, sweet pototao and blue corn chips. The margaritas were great too. I'd go back again because they do have a great outdoor patio, but the food is nothing memorable.
3	Pleasant spot for a margarita-filled lunch or dinner. 3.5 starsHighlights:- Margaritas: I loved the fruity grand canyon one (lime, prickly pear, etc.) and the hub got an adult version of a milkshake canister with his 2-limit margarita (got 4 glasses out of that thing!)- Outside/inside seating: outside was nice on a patio especially at night overlooking some blue lit up trees and misters for the heat, but inside was a nice A/C haven for the height of the sunny day.- Chips: combo of sweet wontony, yellow corn, orange spiced, and blue corn as well as sweet potato chips. It's rare to find such variety.- Salsa: great roasted flavor- Pork: carnitas was a large portion of meat--quite juicy and tasty- Menu: pure mex and southwestern mex as well as pastas and salads- Dessert: creative presentation with white chocolate pecans enveloped in a tamale wrapper. Complementary item which was a nice touch.- Staff: super duper friendly which I appreciatedLowlights:- Crabcake: too dense cornmealy for me--couldn't taste much flavor or crab- Fish: didn't taste too fresh and advertised that veggies would be in the mix, but only limited slivers to were found.Decent spot. I'd come again for chips and margaritas.
2	This place used to be great, with unique dishes, yummy breadsticks with special butters and complimentary white chocolate for dessert. Now it's just average, with nice outdoor seating.
2	The Hubbs and I wound up here on a Sunday night looking to use up a Restaurant.com certificate I purchased for close to nothing several months earlier. The weather was beautiful, so we chose a table on the packed patio. I'm just gonna break down it from here.Service: great. Never had a problem with drinks, wait wasn't too long, etc. Food: Meh, I've had a lot better. The hubby ordered the Grilled Vegetable Pasta. He seemed to like it, but I hated it. Think angelhair tossed with lots of great grilled veggies - then throw in some black beans and an asian soy sauce of some sort. YUCK. The combination of the textures and flavors were all wrong. I ordered the Chil-Rubbed Sirloin and ordered it medium. The temperature was perfect, which was a nice surprise. However, the "chile-rub" tasted like straight up chili powder. Nothing more, nothing less. The mashed potatoes had diced CARROTS in them, and I'm sorry, no matter how great of an idea that may seem, carrots are NOT a good idea in mashed potatoes. They tasted alright, but again, the texture and just the overall flavor was all wrong. The hubby also ordered a margarita, which was good, but we've definitely had better.All in all I was a little disappointed. Perhaps we ordered the wrong items, but then again, I'm not too sure what would be considered great on a menu that reads Sams-Mex, Mex-Mex and Pasta as options.Probably won't return.
3	This is a great place for happy hour.   I do believe these were the best chips and salsa I have ever had.  They have a bit of a kick.  Be careful though, they are definitely hard to stop eating and you will spoil your appetitie.  The fried shrimp tacos were fabulous.  I would have definitely ventured back if it wasn't for the lady bartender's bad attitude and poor customer service.  The manager  Angel was nice enough to give my co-workers and I gift cards for our next purchase there.  Not sure I would go back though.
4	Gotta respond to Dee M. and her critique of the lady bartender at Sam's Cafe.  I've been served by Amanda about 100 times over the last few years, and never once has she shown me poor customer service or a bad attitude.  She's about the best bartended in Phoenix, so go check her out some time!As for the restaurant itself, the food is pretty tasty.  Pancho's enchilada's are my staple, but you can't really go wrong with anything there.  Happy Hour is also great - several good food and drink specials.  My favorite drinking place at the AZ Center by far!
4	Good food, and excellent service. I recommend asking to be waited on by Johnny.
2	If you're gonna eat tex-mex in the downtown phoenix area, this is your best bet. I typically go here every time I come to Phoenix, and it's pretty great. the outdoor seating with the Grotto view is really really gorgeous. The chips and salsa are FANTASTIC!!!! You get an assortment of chips and they are the best I've ever had. The blackened fish tacos set my mouth on FIRE. I had no idea they would be COVERED in chili powder. too extreme for me. Typically you get, white chocolate wrapped in a tamale leaf to cleanse your pallet after you are finish with your meal, which is one of my favorite parts of dinner ... but our waitress forgot :( ... definitely ask! I would say this is your typical "mexican/southwest" restaurant, where the entire menu is basically variations of taco salad, 10 different variations of quesadillas, and tacos of some sort, and 3 pages of different margaritas and drinks with "loco" in the name. Not too bad, not great either. I personally prefer the Greek place next door :)
3	this place is decent. the service was great. there is a nice outside patio surrounded by trees lit up with pretty blue lights. the food was good; i had the shrimp quesadilla. my fave was the rico rita drink. they have a 2 drink max policy on this drink b/c it's supposed to get you soooooo wasted and um well i assure you i am not an alki but this drink did nothing of the sort. but it was very tasty! i will try to make this at home :P i would recommend if you're in the az shopping centre but i wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food8 *Drinks*9 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueRitas were good, but could have been stronger for what I was expecting (limit 2).  The Black & Bleu Quesadilla was GREAT.  The pre-meal salsa had excellent flavors, but had some large inedible tomato chunks that made navigating the ramekan a bit of a challenge.
3	Pretty good food. Pop in here for a quick lunch or a quick dinner. I wouldn't plan on coming here for a nice dinner while on vacation, but after a long day of sightseeing, if you want to just sit down and get some Mexican and a few coronas without having to go back to the hotel and shower and get dressed up, this place will do.
4	Had a nice dinner outside on the patio - it was really pretty. The margaritas were pretty good. The salsa and chips were also pretty tasty - it was nice to have some variety- these were no simple white corn chips; there were blue corn and even sweet potato chips mixed in. My fish tacos were awesome, I love spice and they certainly delivered. I would try it again and hopefully find another item on the menu that was just as good.
4	I was surprised that it took me a year a half to realize that this place was so close to me. Wish I had known a long time ago. I came here for lunch with a couple of buddies and from the very beginning I was impressed. We got seated right away and our chips and salsa came within seconds of sitting down! And let me just say, this is the BEST ASSORTMENT of chips I've ever had at a restaurant. There were typical white/yellow corn chips, along with blue chips and sweet potato chips and other stuff. Very tasty. The salsa tasted a little "pre-made" to me but it was still decent. I ordered the carnitas and enchiladas platter. It was pretty good. The carnitas had good flavor (but there was only one tortilla) and the enchiladas had a good creamy sauce on top. I also liked the fact that they offered us a carafe of water so they didn't have to keep coming around to refill it for us. I know for some that seems a little lazy and cheesy, but I think it's AWESOME!The best part was the little mini White-Chocolate/Pecan tamale at the end. It was REALLLLLLY good and wanted about 10 more. Bill was pretty cheap and I really liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. Definitely going back.
4	One menu lunch or dinner, nice views of the fountains especially at night, and a decent south western ambiance. Your standard is a bowl of chips and salsa. Not just any chips,  a Melody Sweet potato, flour with a sweet chiptole dusting and corn chips. The menu consists of many tex-mex foods.  I sually stick to the seared Ahi tuna sandwich served with fries. The Tuna is of high grade with a spicy seasoning. The bun is standard as are the fries. all for about $10My friend usually opts for the "black and blue quesadilla" a steak and blue cheese quesadilla that is busting with flavor. This dish can sometimes lack consistency and the cheese is not well distributed in the tortilla. Even if one skips the desert you are treated to a small white chocolate desert wrapped in a corn husk, it will make your hands sticky but it is worth it.
4	I am a fan....of their happy hour! I had heard good things about Sam's and this was my first visit. I arrived just after 6 and sat at the bar. I ordered their Grand Canyon Margarita from their happy hour menu...mmmm sooo good! The mixed chips (sweet potato chips, seasoned corn and flour tortilla chips) were unique. I can't say I was a huge fan of the sweet and spicy seasoning on the chips, but the salsa was good. I ordered my dinner from the happy hour menu too, the carnitas cheese crisp. This was a huge flour tortilla covered with cheese, shredded roasted pork and pico de gallo, served with a bbq sauce on the side. I passed on using the bbq sauce, I felt there was plenty of flavor without it and only occasionally found myself using the salsa provided with the chips to add another layer of pep. I enjoyed the atmosphere and as a frequent solo diner I was comfortable eating here.  [free chips and salsa, 2 margaritas and the carnitas cheese crisp, under $20 including tip.]
3	My first and only visit so far to Sam's Cafe was quite nice. The house margarita is a bit pricey, but they offer some good happy deals so be sure to get in on those. I had the Black and Blue quesadilla and it was delicious. Our server was bit quirky but friendly and attentive. The atmosphere on the patio is wonderful. With the fountains nearby and plenty of opportunity for people watching, you can easily relax and enjoy your visit.I won't say Sam's blew my mind, but I would definitely visit again. Especially for hour happy.
4	Our server was a little slow BUT, she was really nice and very helpful.  Our meal was excellent starting with their chip bowl that had a variety of chips in it and good salsa.  The meal was also really good.  I got the seafood flautas.  I would've finished it had I not filled myself up on the chip bowl.  They also bring out complimentary white chocolate tamales that tasted really good!  If they do that for all their customers, I can see why everyone comes back.
3	I really like the patio at this Sam's. You get a nice view of the Arizona Center, pretty lights and water sculptures. It is great for people watching, and killing some time while waiting for a movie to start. That is really the only time I go to Sam's - PreMovie. Get the chips and salsa, they serve a mix of sweet potato and regular tortilla chips. The salsa is gringalicious (not spicy at all,  but still pretty tasty).We started with the sampler (probably a mistake for only 2 people as it was huge) it had mushroom quesadilla, spring rolls, turkey sliders and a salad. It was pretty good, but would have been better for a group of 6.I ordered the steak and cake for my main. It was a chile-rubbed sirloin accompanied by a big fat delicious crab cake. It was served with sweet mashed potatoes and veggies. The sweet mashed potatoes were almost as good as those at Sierra Bonita... Almost. This was a great meal and reminded me not to forget about Sam's when I have to return to the Arizona Center.
1	Wow! So I work at a prison and I've had inmate meals occasionally, so there is a certain standard of food and taste that I have developed. It's really not that hard to please me with food, especially after having prison food but Sam's cafe really questioned whether or not I was an inmate that night. I ordered one of their specials, which was the pork enchiladas. When I got the tray, I initially thought they had mistaken the dish for a three rolled tacos, with mole-like sauce? First I had to decipher if it was fried, which was later confirmed. Then the sauce on top was definitely something that you cannot label. It had a sweet, mole, yet bitter taste, with sour cream that was light and fluffy and made it look like whip cream. I know . . . strange you say? The pork was dried out and even the two of us could not finish this one meal that was split. The beans tasted hallow, if that's even possible and the rice was extra dry. I am sorry to give this such a harsh review, but it's the truth and sometimes the truth hurts. I have to say they do have great margaritas and the best part was the complimentary white chocolate, pecan thing they gave at the end. Sorry Sam's but this will be my first and last time.
4	Lots of awesome packed in a cute little restaurant. Visited here on numerous occasions and never had to wait for a table. Service is excellent; friendly, and witty waitresses are a breath of fresh air. As is the patio, which is a perfect venue to enjoy a meal next to the fountains. The view of the gardens at lunch time is also a nice tidbit. Loved the chips too. Chimichanga is A-okay!
4	Yep still a fan. Mostly of the Grand Canyon Margaritas, they soothe away the pains of the day.  They have what I have now seen to be a rotating list of Happy Hour food options which are usually not bad and range from $2-$6. I usually fill up on chips and salsa. I have not changed my mind on the seasoning they use on the chips (sweet...spicy...meeh) I find myself picking through the basket to avoid the highly seasoned chips. The salsa is good but the large tomato chunks make it tough to get on a chip, or when you do it is hard to get from that point to your mouth without it falling off (usually on my chest or lap). I have yet to order from the regular/full menu. Maybe one day!
4	In town for a conference.  Wandered over to this mall full of chain restaurants and found Sam's to be a gem.Food was fresh, large quantities. Great flavors.  I had a vegetable taco.  Not the same old bell peppers, mushrooms, and onions.  This had asparagus, spinach, zuch.  Waitress provided great service.  Gave us free guacamole. Outdoor seating is lovely, though lots of skanky pigeons and flies.
4	So my boyfriend has been to Canyon Cafe in St. Louis which is owned by the people who own Sam's Cafe and we had been meaning to go for a while so he knew what to expect but I didn't.  The meal started out with the chips and salsa which were pretty amazing.  The salsa had more bite to it than normal salsa you'd get at Macayo's or Arriba's.  The chips were a wide variety that included everything from sweet potato to blue corn to a white corn with a sugar coating.  I got the carnitas platter and my boyfriend got the enchiladas and carnitas dish.  The carnitas were mouthwatering.  The combination of the meat with the guacamole and rice made the tacos to die for.  The cheese used in the enchiladas was rich and mouthwatering.  Different than just the typical cheddar cheese.  For dessert, I had the banana burrito which was okay.  I much prefer the banana tempura at Benihana.Besides the fact that the food was so good, I give Sam's Cafe 4 stars because I lost a piece of jewelry while dining and the staff helped me find it :)Definitely would return here.
4	Well for starters, I will say I had given up on going out for dinner so I ate a couple slices of warmed over pizza. We finally went and as I was less than hungry skipped the steak I had been eying. We split a Meatloaf and switched the mashed potatoes out for the mashed sweet potatoes. The two split plates were more than enough food for a regular meal. I can't imagine eating a whole one and I am a hearty eater. We also each ordered a Rico Rita. Yummy and again large portions. The service was good too. I used to go to the Camelback location and the quality and service is the same here. We will be back.
3	Had a group business dinner here while in PHX.  If you are out of town the location can be a tricky as it is inside a shopping plaza.  Most of the group was about 10 mins late (I know I know...sad when most of us have GPS capable mobile phones).  We found it due to the friendly local police and Downtown Phoenix greeters (?).  The restaurant did not have a private room (we had a group of 15) but we were there really early.  The chip basket is AMAZING!  It has a bunch of different chips from tortilla, to different types of potates and even these fried pieces of goodness (that reminded me of wontons).  The salsa was really good too.  The waitstaff was great....they provided lots of these chip baskets during our 3 hour meeting.  When the meeting concluded...it was straight to the top shelf margaritas which we've been dying for since we sat down.  It's a great deal for top shelf tequila and the quantity.  You get about 2-4 drinks as they even give you some reserve in the cocktail shaker.  Food was good.  I had the sirloin which was cooked perfect at medium.  My friend sitting next to me ordered the same thing at medium rare but got it well done.  She sent it back and after a few minutes got a new one closer to the rare side but she was happy.If I lived in the area and was able to visit again I could consider becoming a fan of this place.  Definitely check it out.  Another plus - they have a patio too!
4	I was at Sam's for a work dinner with a group of six.  I couldn't believe that I had never been here before and I was excited to try a new place, so I could Yelp about it, of course!My co-workers and I walked up on the wrong side of the cafe and came through the patio area.  Normally, I don't think this would have been a problem, however this night they had the majority of the patio roped off for a private function and we looked like we were trying to crash it.  Oops.  No harm done, they still let us into the restaurant.While waiting for everyone in the group to arrive, the two girls at the hostess stand were watching us with little to no expression on their face.  I felt a little uncomfortable, they were not friendly and welcoming by any means, but they eventually sat us none the less and our service was great from there out.  We decided to sit inside as it was a little warm outside.The server was nice and even joked around with us a bit.  I ordered the Orange Beso margarita.  It was good, since it was made with vodka instead of tequila, it wasn't quite a margarita for me, but hey, it tasted good.  Since they drop off the shaker so you can refill your own, it was the margarita that seemed to never end.  That made me happy!Plenty of other people have mentioned the cool assortment of chips and the great salsa so I won't get into details.  I just leave it that I loved both!For my meal I ordered the Black & Blue quesadilla.  It sure was yummy!  The steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly and as I've mentioned in many other reviews, the right amount of blue cheese is always a winner in my book.  This quesadilla was right on the money, not overpowering with the blue cheese.  I ended up taking half of it home.As plenty of other reviewers have mentioned, the white chocolate tamale was great finish for the meal.  I'm not so big on desserts, but I usually crave a bite or two of sweet to finish lunch or dinner and this did the trick!I can't wait to go back on the weekend to relax on the patio, drink some margaritas, and try more food.  I think next time I'd like to try some tacos . . .
3	I returned here fr a birthday lunch with a co-worker.I was a bit sad to see the Tuna sandwiches was removed from the menu leaving me with the $13 tuna plate option. It comes with two decently sized Cajun pieces of tuna, on a bed of rice and veggies. I asked for rare and it came medium well however.There is a new small bites menu for budget conscious lunch crowd.The validation is no longer of much use, it is just $1 off now.As allays the chips are great.
4	I come to Phoenix for work a lot and this is always a place my co-workers and I come to when we're in town.  There's really nice outdoor seating with some misters to cool you down on a hot summer day. They always provide you with chips and salsa which are AH-MAY-ZING.  It's not your typical tortilla chips and salsa there's something extra special about these chips.  It's your standard tex-mex cuisine.  I really like their shrimp taco's.  The carnitas platter was pretty good but the pork was a bit too salty for me.  Their fajitas are always good.  The salmon is also pretty good.  Those are the typical dishes I get when I go.  When you end the meal they always give you white chocolate tamales to clean/cool your palate.  Always delish. ...The place hasn't really disappointed me except for this past week when we purchased two pitchers of the Grand Canyon margaritas and there was more juice than there was tequila.  :-\  but other than that it's pretty good.
4	Stopped at Sam's for a work lunch. Great location. It's good to have places like this downtown. Everyone in our group enjoyed the food. From the variety of pre-meal chips, the entrees, and the post meal white chocolate tamales. I had the shrimp tacos an they were great. Fresh, rich with flavor, and very filling.I'd like to stop in after work some time for some margaritas.
5	Everything about this place is wonderful!! I love the huge windows and outdoor patio! Gorgeous! Their food is amazing everything from the chips (there are about 5 different chips in the basket) and salsa to dessert! They have some of the best margaritas in town! Yum! My favorite thing on the menu is the goat cheese stuffed chicken with roaster red pepper sauce! This is to die for!!
4	The outdoor area was great to sit in during a warm summer evening.  The service was attentive, even though we were the only ones sitting outside.  The complimenatry chips are terrific -- they are a mix of a bunch of different types, not just stale tortilla chips that you may get elsewhere.  The entrees were solid (not earth-shattering), but in light of the other positive aspects, the four stars are well deserved.
4	Their margaritas are DELICIOUS!  Happy hour = $3 margaritas, and $4 and $5 "eats" that will fill you up.  They also have great free chips and salsa, and I love the location.The bar is not crowded for happy hour, and the people who are there are fresh out of work, so it is nice to be in a "professional" crowd.Love it and will continue to frequent it.  If you want to hit happy hour and a movie, this is a great place!
4	Accommodating to gluten free needs. Fish tacos, chips, & salsa were great. Service excellent.  Also liked the complimentary chocolate tamale dessert.
3	I enjoy this Sam's location particularly for the gorgeous patio. I love sitting outside enjoying the water and light features and seeing all the people strolling by. It's a great first date spot because it is distracting enough to inspire conversation. Last time I was there I had a table of five grey hairs on my right, and a table of  ten 20 something's on my left. Diverse crowds are always nice. It's a chain, and a decent one and I've been told they make a mad margarita. The white chocolate tamale adds a sprinkle of joy at the end of every meal. I can't wait for the cooler weather...
4	I've been here a few times now and I have one word for you, 2 Limit Margaritas!!! Okay, thats more than one word but you get the idea (: The free chips and salsa are really tasty and come in a variety of sweet potato, tortilla and seasoned crispy fluffy ones... mmm. The reason I gave 4 stars is because of the food. It's good but I felt it was missing something both times I ate there. I had the BBq burger and Portabello quesadilla which were a little bland and ordinary. If your lookin' for a good, strong margarita though, this is the place!
4	Went on a random trip to downtown Phoenix and decided to eat lunch at this place.  Be careful of the chips & salsa appetizer- they're bound to get you hooked before the actual meal comes out! I got the salmon flautas which had a fruit salsa topping.  It was greasy and not too flavorful, but the salsa balanced out the greasiness.  My friend had the bbq burger and the black fish tacos, and they enjoyed their dishes as well.  It's not outstanding, but a nice place to eat at with a nice view.  They also gave a peppermint white chocolate tamale dessert for free at the end of my meal! Only thing I didn't like were the birds outside sitting on the tables and pecking at crumbs on the floor!
3	Ate here with a group of work associates while staying across the street for a conference. Service was very good - our waiter handled the large group with ease, which doesn't always happen.The chips and salsa are unlike any I've had anywhere else and they were totally addictive! My end of the table demolished our bowl in minutes and then grabbed the one from the other end. The entrees left a bit to be desired, however. Lots of seafood - which just doesn't seem right in the desert. I would have liked more traditionally tex-mex dishes to choose from as I eventually settled on the enchilada and carnitas platter, which was OK. All things considered, it was a good experience and I'm sure I'll be back next time business brings me to Phoenix.
2	I started out extremely hopeful because the basket of chips placed on the table were so good that I probably would have been satisfied not ordering an actual entree. As it turned our, I should have listened to my stomach. The basket of chips included blue corn, yellow corn, sweet potato and surprisingly the best of the bunch, fried won ton skins with Navajo spices. The salsa was pretty good though when my friend asked for something spicier, all they did was dump some cayenne pepper into the same salsa and serve it in a different shaped bowl.We started with the cheap happy hour margarita, which was better than expected to their special Commemorativo margarita, which was served to us in the shaker. For the price, it was a lot of margarita with a lot of tequila and it was tasty. Can't beat that...except maybe with a couple of rounds of Patron. I knew I was in trouble, though, when I asked the waiter to recommend a vegetarian dish and he suggested the veggie pasta with black beans and ginger soy sauce. Not sure why I listened to him when every part of my being told me not to order pasta at a Mexican restaurant. But I did. My pasta came with three toothpick thin pieces of asparagus, one mushroom, two pieces of zucchini and a little pile of spinach. There were a few black beans hiding in the noodles which were slightly tinted brown, supposedly the Ginger soy sauce. It was the worst meal I have had in a very longtime and a total disappointment to say the least. I tried a piece of my friend's tuna and it was overbooked, try and bland.All in all, this place got one star for their margaritas and one star for their chips. I may go back for drinks but will think twice, and probably even three times before I eat there again.
3	Sam's cafe was a nice place to go for lunch or Dinner and enjoy some Tex~Mex if your in the downtown area. They are conveniently located on 3rd not far from the convention center.  The Tex~Mex Decor was sorta fun with a small bar area near the front and a huge patio along the park side of the restaurant.   The service was a bit slow but they were very busy for lunch.  I think everyone at our table had salads, all were A~OK.  Their Cobb salad was rated the best at our table.  The Blacken steak taco salads were lacking steak and and other veggies would have been nice too in addition to just lettuce, cheese and diced pieces of steak.  The Cobb was full of everything your would expect with a good Cobb salad and was very tasty.  The Chicken taco salad was better than the steak.The chips and salsa at first appeared to be very impressive as many other Yelpers have mentioned however your either a fan or not a fan.  I'm not a fan unfortunately...  The chips were too greasy with way too much of their seasoning!  I especially did not like their salsa.  It had no heat and HUGE chunks of tomato's! YYYEEAA~UCK.  Way too much work to get to the little bits of salsa that were actually kind of good.  I asked for a different salsa, my server just brought us some hot sauce to add to the salsa. Some of folks at our table did like their chips and salsa though. The Grand Canyon Margaritas were very good and a recommend from me to you.  Suggestion: seek out the "Info-dude" that walks around the Mall area to show people where to go and ask him for some coupons. We were able to get 20% off our meal coupons from him.  Based on their margaritas and a few other Yelp reviews I'm looking forward to my next visit but will order something different.
5	Our new favorite place to dine! We have a difficult  time deciding what to order on the large and tempting Southwestern menu. The appetizers are also fabulous...the fried calamari is the best, served with a creamy spicy dipping sauce... large portion....enough for two as a meal. The prices are reasonable and the staff have become our friends. The surrounding outdoor area is beautiful, with fountains and twinkly lit trees. The cafe is located in the Arizona Center so a nice place to walk and shop after dinner.Ask any ASK ME AMBASSADOR (those guys in orange are great and know what's best in Phoenix) and they will direct you to Sam's.
5	We have been frequenting here more often lately since it is by our favorite theater. Our bartender now recognizes us, knows our order, and is sweet as pie.Seriously one of my favorite happy hour spots of all time.
3	This is a decent place. I came here some time ago because I had a Restaurant.com certificate, and the BF and I needed to use it up. The best part were the margaritas- tasty and lethal. I can't remember what I got, only that it had coconut in it. It shouldn't have worked, but it did! The food itself was... so-so. It was edible, nothing to write home about. The service was good, and the ambience lovely. We went in the fall and sat on the patio.I wouldn't come out of my way to dine here, but if you were in the neighborhood during happy hour, it's definitely worth stopping in.
4	Great food.  We went with a large party and got great service.  Margaritas were very strong, so beware of how much you consume!  Fortunately, I wasn't driving and the metro is a short walk.  I could have made a meal of the chips and dip.  They had some sort of special seasoning that I couldn't quite place, but I loved them and ate way too many.  We sat outdoors and the weather was great.
5	...NOW WE'RE TALKIN'! Killer Mexican Food! The chips 'n salsa kicks ass! You get a red, blue & regular tortilla chips with reg, spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance.
4	EAT the chips and salsa!!!  You will not be disappointed!  Chicken enchiladas are A-MA-ZING!  Great patio!
3	Enjoyed a great lunch on the patio overlooking a gorgeous scenery. Chicken enchiladas are a must! Yum!
3	Went here with a big group for dinner and drinks.  Had what they call the "best margarita"--you should get that; they are very good & HUGE!  The chips are great (especially the ones that come with sweet potato chips mixed in).  The guac was okay.  And the blackened fish tacos, while huge, were okay.  I'd say that I agree with most other reviews about the food; not bad, but nothing amazing.
4	The chips in this place are ridiculously good!  I literally ate an entire basket myself.  We stopped here for drinks and an appetizer and were thoroughly impressed.  The Guac itself was decent, the presentation of it was really good.  I was a big fan of this place and would go back in a hurry.  One thing to be aware of is the fact that the advertisements for drink specials on the sidewalk are a little misleading, as they are only valid in the really small bar area.  Next time, I will be sure to grab my drink first in the bar area for the discounted price before I sit down.  Enjoy!
4	I hosted a group lunch for 35 people on the patio at Sam's a week or so ago.  They were so prepared and had our buffet ready to go when our group arrived.  The chips and salsa are amazing...a meal all into themselves.  The chicken enchiladas were so tasty.  The patio is the place to sit at Sam's to overlook the beautiful gardens at the Arizona Center - such a great view!
3	Good place. Not the most exciting food, but solid quality. The table-side fresh guacamole was a knockout!
5	Very nice lunch food. Carnitas are awesome and the white chocolate tamales are a nice finish.
3	Sam's Cafe at Arizona Center is a relaxed restaurant good for dinner or a weekend lunch. I've been underwhelmed by an entree or two (note: don't bother with the steak), but in general, the food is good. The margaritas are large and potent. They have a small but good selection of beers on tap. The chips and salsa are good. I enjoy their quesadillas and burgers. The patio is a great place to have a lazy Saturday afternoon drink with friends.While I like Sam's Cafe well enough, I know some people who absolutely love it, so I can confidently say it is worth a visit.
3	This is a good stop for travelers to grab cheap food and enjoy some drinks.  They start off with a nice helping of chips and salsa.  The chips were an assortment of corn, fried dough like, and whole grain chips.  The salsa was nice and spicy, a great start.  We also ordered guacamole which was creamy and oniony.   We came at the time the servers switched off and areas, so we had 3 different servers, but after we had our final server, he was courteous and took care of us.I had the desert fire pasta which was a big helping of spicy, cheesy penne pasta with shrimp.  It was really salty but still thought it was still good overall.My co-worker had the fish tacos which was a nice large platter with black beans.  The sangria was delicious and you could have a choice of white or red.
4	I have always enjoyed eating at this spot it is really cool to walk around after dinner or before... I have eaten at this spot twice both times really great and friendly service. The first trip I went with the (Black And Bleu Quesadilla) Blackened steak sliced and served in a crisp flour tortilla with red onion marmalade and Monterey Jack & Bleu cheese. Served with tomatillo-avocado salsa, chipotle mayonnaise, pico de gallo, cotija cheese and Margarita slaw. Upon my second trip I went with the (Blackened Fish Tacos)  In crisp taco shells with Margarita slaw, pico de gallo and fresh limes on the side. Served with southwest rice and black beans... I rate the food as followed.Black And Bleu Quesadilla - A+Blackened Fish Tacos - C Chips - A+Salsa - AI will be back to this spot for sure an all around great place for a good meal... Plus the white chocolate tamale after dinner treat will keep you coming back for sure.
4	I've only been here for happy hour and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Margaritas for $3 and food items for $3, $4, or $5. I had two margaritas and a chicken quesadilla and spent only $10. Can't really complain about that. The bartenders are cute and friendly and they have MLB Network. What more does a girl need?
3	Food was OK.  I had the enchiladas and they were good. The rice was also great. the chips and salsa were horrible in m opinion. The salsa was slightly sweet and the chips were a mixture of different types of chips. While this was unique.. it wasn't good. On the flip side my food came out in about 5 minutes. My server was good also.
4	We had a long layover so we decided to take a taxi downtown. I'm not sure but I think the taxi driver took the long way there, 20 bucks from the airport seemed a bit much considering how close it was. But as for Sam's cafe, we really enjoyed it. The chips and salsa was a good start, I like how the basket was an assortment of chips. They prepared the guacamole fresh in front of you too which was pretty cool. We both enjoyed the food. I had this skillet lasagna dish and my girl had a carnitas and something combo plate. The carnitas were a little dry for my liking though. They were a few items on the menu that looked really good too so if I'm ever in the area again I'll hopefully try them. Oh, we took light rail back to the airport for $1.75 each and took us less time to get there. Just in case you're traveling like us.
4	Visited Sam's Cafe on the Urban Wine Walk. I recommend the white sangria!
2	Not as good as I had hoped.  Strange menu:  pasta, but no burritos.  Had the chicken quesadilla, and didn't care much for it.  Although, the free dessert deal using Yelp was nice.
4	Best $8 lunch, the chips and salsa was a great start, a mix of chips with a thick, flavorful salsa. The the two large chicken enchiladas with salad on the side was plenty. Service and outside dining was great.
4	Descent. Good place to sit on the patio.
3	2nd stop on the dine around. Our group gave them a 3.25, which I'm rounding down to a 3. We were seated quickly and ordered a round of the grand canyon margaritas. We were brought chips and salsa, which unfortunately was the best tasting thing we ate at the restaurant. I had the carnitas taco, which was sadly underwhelming. The pork wasn't too flavorful. Jon had the corn crusted calamari. I don't have a calamari palate so I can't rank it against anything, but he said it was just average. The drinks however were BOMB (margarita with cranberry, lime, and prickly pear juice), both frozen and iced. Our server was super sweet and chatted it up with us which was nice. I don't know if I'd make the trip back for dinner, but if I was in the area I'd definitely come back for a margarita and some appetizers.
4	Yummmmy. For such a humble name, this place really exceeds expectations.  Nice ambiance, and good food.  They really impressed me right off the bat with their chips and salsa.  The chips were assortment that were quite good and far from the ordinary corn tortillas you'd expect at any old Mex/Tex-Mex restaurant.   I had  the tortilla soup and the spinach & mushroom quesadilla which were quite good too.  But, I must say, the best part was the white chocolate tamales that they serve at the end of the meal... a most pleasant surprise and a wonderful end to a nice meal :)
5	Best TexMex in the valley! The chips and salsa are home made and probably the best I have ever eaten. I had shrimp tacos which were delicious, staff was very friendly and down to earth.....if you ate downtown give them a try.
5	Everything about this place is perfect! The chips & salsa and enchilada's were delicious! I would recommend this place to all my friends!
4	This is actually one of favorite restaurants ever, been coming since 1999 and they've only gotten better over the years, Guys: great first-date place!!
4	Really great chips and salsa!!! Also, one of the best Margaritas in town! The food is good, patio has a great atmosphere. reasonable prices for what it is.
1	The food was bland, the cheese dip reminded me of cheese wiz and after seated I waited over 15 minutes just to give my drink order.  The only good thing was the chips...not going back.
3	Average, the cheese dip was good. I got the Black and Blue quesdillas, which were great! But the side of slaw was not great, I wish it would have come with beans and rice. Overall it is not a bad place, but not the place to go out of your way for.
4	It's a day like any other, or so you think. During your daily exercise session, a short walk to the mailbox, everything is about to change.You're a goner now.It's a letter from the class reunion committee with your wife's hyphenated maiden name on it, and this can only mean one thing.Saying goodbye to carbs for the next 3 months as she starts serving up swill with hefty amounts of god forsaken vegetables and no carbs. Yes, she'll try any diet to lose weight, and on her way down, into this veggie-eating, omni-farting hell, take you with her in the process. It's ok, don't panic.You're a yuppie remember? You live downtown in one of those overpriced lofts, within walking distance from the Arizona Center. Here's my recommendation.Walk to Sam's. It's a few more steps than the mailbox, but at least you won't find any unwanted surprises. Carb loading? You bet. Order the Desert Fire Pasta, Pancho's Carnitas, or the Chicken Quesadilla. All noteworthy, especially if you're trying to negate the affects of your wife's cabbage-reunion soup. Sam's delights. Try it.
4	Excellent food and good service!Went for lunch with a coworker, who had never been here before. Both of us enjoyed the salsa and very unique tortilla chips. Wish I had ordered the made-at-the-table guacamole. Prices were very reasonable (especially for downtown Phoenix).Both of us ate more than we should have. The servings were huge and dee-licious! Way too full to even think of ordering dessert. More reason to return!
4	I went to this place two times while I was visiting Phoenix. The first time we had a very large party and the service was great! We were seated quickly and served drinks and our food in a timely manner. Prior to ordering I checked out other Yelp reviews just as you are now and the things that stood out to me we're the chips and salsa and the margaritas. Well, everyone said it and I'm gonna say it too! You must try the chips and salsa (my favorite chip is the wonton chip, a little sweet heat! Yum!) and of course to go with it get the top shelf conmemorativo margarita...so, so, so good! I also got the spinach and portobello mushroom quesadilla and it was good. It was so Delish that I brought a different large group of friends back to this place. Unfortunately, the restaurant was much busier and I'm not sure they handled the large crowds very well. We were told 1 hour wait, but after 20 minutes our buzzer went off. When we gathered our group to be seated the hostess told us it was a mistake and asked us to wait off to the side in the dining area. This wait was another hour before we approached the hostess. She was very rude and told us it would be 'awhile' but wouldn't give us a time frame. When we asked if it would be 10? 30? 1 and a half hours? She said it would be at least that! Unacceptable when we were told an hour wait. I asked to speak to a manager and Tony was extremely responsive! He worked it so that we were seated right away! The server  was fantastic as she stepped in to take our large party and we were seated outside her section. The chips and salsa came out quickly and she was great with getting us drinks (of course I had another round of the margarita) and the food was great. This time around I had the salmon. So delish! And the desserts were covered by the server as an apology for our wait. The manager Tony was great, responsive and helped me to overcome my disappointment in the rude hostess encounter and he brought me back to a 4 star rating for the great service and food once we were seated. I would definitely recommend this place and the margarita!
4	Great happy hour.  Complimentary and yummy chips and salsa.  Good price on my favorite dish...the black and blue quesadilla.  Plus, there is always at least one beer worth drinking at happy hour pricing.
5	Wow...what a nice surprise!  Chips and salsa were great, even though I usually prefer my salsa spicier than what is offered. Desert Fire Pasta was EXCELLENT, and sons loved their pork enchiladas and chicken quesadillas. Limit Two margarita was awesome (Top Shelf Conmemorativo).   Highly recommended - great food, reasonably priced, and outdoor seating wonderful!
5	My parents and I were so satisfied with this restaurant that i don't even know where to begin.  First off the chips and salsa were amazing.  They had three kinds of chips.  Wonton's, Regular chips, and Sweet potato chips. I got the chimichanga and WOW so freaken gooooood!!!  I would definitely get it again! At the end of the meal they give you a corn husk filled with white chocolate(not a tamale, like everyone keeps saying) which was very quite delightful. Also the setting was so beautiful.  I have never been to a place that gorgeous before and to top it off my parents hate sitting outside but this place they rather of sat outside then inside! lol.P.S. I went in January of 2012 just forgot to finish my review. =]
5	Had lunch here. Great food and great service.
5	How good is Sam's? Well, I just got back from eating dinner here, and I couldn't think of anything I wanted to do more than write this review -- that's how good it is. I'm in town for business and a buddy who lives in the area suggested this place for dinner tonight, and boy am I glad he did! Let me start with the ambiance. Very nicely decorated and furnished in the Southwestern style that is common down here but done nicely, not gaudy or tacky in any way. There is a nice outside patio seating area, however considering I'm from Seattle and the temp was still pushing 100 degrees, we opted to sit inside.Once we were seated, we were tempted to order the "Limit-2" margaritas that they are apparently famous for, but decided against it. After taking our drink order, the waitress brought us a basket of chips and a bowl of salsa.Let me stop right here.I knew just from looking at them, that these were no ordinary chips . Not only were they a mixture of different types of chips (regular tortillas, sweet potato, and wontons), but each type was topped in a different seasoning -- my favorite being the wonton chips topped in seasoning and some powdered sugar, giving it a sweet and spicy flavor at the same time. Amazing. I asked the waitress what the seasoning but I swear they were laced with cocaine as well. Hands down the best chips and salsa I've ever had in my life. I would go back just for that!Once we overcame the confusion of what the "Super Salad" was (it turns out she was asking if I wanted soup OR salad), I ordered the Pueblo House Salad to start with. It was a very nice sized salad (could easily have been shared by two people if someone wanted to), and delicious with their honey chipotle vinaigrette dressing.For the main course, I opted for the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken Breast, which came off the "Sam-Mex" section of the menu. According to the menu, "Sam-Mex" was created by their executive chef with "the influence of Mexican, Spanish, Native American and American Southwest Cultures." The chicken breast was stuffed with herb-goat cheese and served over a roasted red pepper cream sauce with a pine nut & cilantro pesto, grilled asparagus and southwest rice.Words cannot describe the amazing fusion of these different flavors as they combined into one superbly mind blowing dish.I'll be honest, it was hard to concentrate on the conversation with my buddy as I was distracted each time I took a bite -- but don't let him know I said that! At the end of the meal, as we opted not to order dessert (or the crazy margarita), we were treated to what the waitress referred to as "white chocolate tamales," compliments of the chef. Of course, know that I have read some of the other reviews on here, it seems that everyone gets these little treats, but whether the chef really intended for us to specifically have them or not was a mute point after tasting them -- a great finishing touch on an amazing meal. While I don't often get down to this part of the country, I will always have fond memories of this little "cafe" called, Sam's.
2	This is the third time I've eaten here, and I'm sorry to say, but they really flubbed it this time.PLUS: Portions are generous.  Chips and salsa as soon as you sit down are really tasty.  Service is solid.  Prices reasonable.  Food is tasty.MINUS: Way too salty.  Everything except the salad had far more salt than necessary or even reasonable.  Music was too loud for the few other diners and was some terrible mix that had nothing to do with the Tex/Mex theme that was so carefully planned everywhere throughout the entire restaurant.  And final problem was probably just bad luck, but the chili rubbed sirloin, while fantastically yummy to taste, was the most gristly piece of meat I've ever been served anywhere (including the IHOP).  Also managed to deliver an almost well-done dish when I had asked for medium-rare.  Would have given 3-4 stars if more appropriate music and volume, less salt, and properly prepared steak.
5	This place sets a new bar for complimentary chips and salsa. The chips are a cornucopia of crispy warm blue corn, white corn, four, sweet potato, and wonton style flavors sprinkled with yummy seasonings. The freebie salsa is thick and delicious, far beyond freebie grade.The Grand Canyon frozen margarita was tangy and superb. First time I've had a margarita dressed up with bits of fresh orange zest.The table-side guacamole is pretty good. I think I'll ask for extra spice next time.The outdoor seating s great...overlooking the courtyard mini waterfalls & fountain.
4	The free chips and salsa was great!  It was hard to stop eating the various types of warm chips and chunky, fresh salsa.  The shrimp tacos were delicious! The nice free dessert (banana burrito) from checking in made it a perfect lunch!
4	I went to Sam's cafe with a group of 8-10 and they had no problem accommodating us, even though the restaurant was packed.  The service was great and the food was amazing!  The complimentary chips and salsa were addictive.  The variety of chips was incredible, sweet potato, multicolored corn chips, and some other unidentifiable but delicious vegetable based chips.  Amazing.I had a stuffed chicken dish and my date had the carnitas plate.  I tried them both and they were really delicious, but the carnitas was definitely the better of the two.  It was moist and tender, but with delicious crispy caramelized edges. I didn't hear a single complaint about the food and drink from anyone at the table!  The only complaints I could possibly voice are about the atmosphere.  It was very crowded on a Friday after work and so it was pretty loud.  The sun beating through the floor to ceiling window was a little much, I was blinded for the first third of our meal and it was a little warm.  Once the sun went down, it was pretty great though.  I would go back!
3	I had dinner here at the end of a long week of conference meetings. Compared to the fast food, food court, and hotel fare I'd eaten throughout the week before, this was a fabulous meal. Compared to any Tex-Mex restaurant in Texas, however, this was pretty bleh. So, for travelers that know good Mexican or Tex-Mex food, you may be disappointed with the flavors here--but given your few eating options in Phoenix, I'd definitely recommend it.Primary food gripes: the salsa was smoky tasting and so dark as to almost look black. The carnitas in my chimichanga were dry and burnt. Little spice or flavor to the overall dish.Positives: Their top shelf margarita was excellent. Just excellent. Also, one of my fellow diners loved the stuffed chicken dish. Service-related: Attentive, friendly service, if a little overly so. Weak or no A/C on in the restaurant while we ate. In June. Not awesome.
4	I stopped in with my wife last night, as we are both new to the city and were celebrating our anniversary. The food was great. However, the staff went out of their way to go above and beyond my expectations. They were friendly and prompt and the manager made us feel important as patrons.
5	I've been to Sam's several times and have never been disappointed. My most recent visit was last night. We skipped the appetizer only because we had tickets to a show but not to worry because the complementary chips and salsa are outstanding! You don't even need the salsa as the chips are seasoned, fresh and uniquely delicious. Husband had the chicken quesadilla and inhaled it before I could try it but he loved it. I was torn between the Stuffed Chicken and the Spinach and Portobello quesadilla. I had (and loved) the chicken dish my last visit so I went with the spinach and mushroom quesadilla which was wonderfully simple and delicious with a fresh and tasty salad on the side. We didn't have time for dessert but again, not to worry as the complementary white chocolate nibble they serve at the end of the meal hits the spot. Next time we come to Sam's we will hopefully have more time for appetizer and dessert. I also need to commend the attentive wait staff and pleasant atmosphere especially when the weather allows you to sit outside
5	After a hard day working an event across the street at the Sheraton, I was pleasantly surprised to find Sam's Cafe.  We sat out on the patio and enjoyed the most amazing chips + salsa which many people have raved about on Yelp.  Towards the end of the meal, manager Nicole dropped by the table to ask how the meal was and we enjoyed talking with her. She was very knowledgable about the city and the restaurant which I was surprised to find has a sister cafe in my town (St. Louis). I thought the food was good but not amazing. But the chips, atmosphere, service and overall relaxing evening made this a 5-start experience.  I'll go back and try something different and I'm sure it will be even better.
5	Long time user of Yelp...first time reviewer and Sam's is the reason!WOW...what a great restaurant and an even better experience.First, the chips & salsa that showed up as we sat down - Almost impossible to describe how good this combination of sweet, spicy, flavorful and tangy this kickoff to dinner was.  You must go and you MUST have the chips and salsa...YUM!Then, dinner.  And it was fast and delicioso!  I had the Black and Blue quesidilla and my partner had a pork dish and holy cramoly...amazing.  Not only was the service fabulous and fast, but the attention to detail was truly surprising AND, did I mention the food was fantastic!Then we met up with Nicole - manager extraordinaire and a really nice person to socialize with during dinner.  She came over and asked how our dinner was going and then shared stories of her experiences with us and what's cool (and not so cool) about Phoenix.  Always great to hear it direct from a local . . . thanks Nicole, you made our evening really special.And then finally, after all was said and done, our waitress Sally brought these little corn-husk wrapped fingerlings of vanilla infused white-chocolate with pecans encrusted throughout.  Seriously...just shoot me!I'd give Sam's a 10 star rating, but then again, this is my first time reviewing a restaurant so, it's a pleasure to start off my Yelp career with such a great and wonderful place.  PLUS, there's a Canyon Cafe' restaurant (parent company of Sam's) about 10 minutes from my house in St. Louis so as soon as I get back home, I'd headed there for more fun and food.Thanks Sam's...WOW!
4	A date picked this restaurant for me and I have to admit I was impressed!  Sitting outside on the patio under the gorgeous sparkling lights on the palm trees, with the sound of the running water in the fountains nearby, in the heart of Central Phoenix.  It didn't even matter at that point if the food was good!   I've been back several times since and this place doesn't disappoint.  However, I would rank ambiance #1, alcohol #2 and food #3.  Drink choices are widely ranging so everyone will find something.   From your traditional margarita to a cocktail, the drinks are strong and well made.  As for the food, I've had a few dishes I liked - the black and bleu quesadilla and the fajitas tend to be my go-to.  I love the salsa too - it's a chipotle, smoky flavor - my favorite kind!   Best little treat is a white chocolate dessert served in a corn husk at the end of the meal.   Great little inclusion!   This is located in the Arizona Center by the AMC movie theater, so makes it easy for a great dinner and movie night.   Then grab your date's arm and take a stroll through the courtyard, enjoy the twinkling lights and fountains.   There's no way you'll be able to resist the romance!  =)
4	I had never heard of this place when i went here for a lunch meeting.  We arrived about noon on a Wednesday and the place was busy, but not packed.  The weather outside was awesome and we wanted to sit outside but the noise from the fountains/waterfalls up against the patio was really loud to talk over so we sat inside.  The chips and salsa they brought out was amazing.  The bowl had 4 different types and flavors of chips and the salsa had a good taste and spice without being too hot.  For a meal i picked the Meatloaf and it was a ton of food.  2 huge pieces meatloaf that was seared on a grill after it was cooked came out with corn & mashed potatoes and a roasted tomato BBQ sauce.  I ate the whole thing (even though it was more food that i should have eaten) and i didn't feel bad!.  The meeting was a little hard to pay attention to though since the windows faced the pathway and the women from ASU downtown and all of the businesses kept walking by!!!
4	Ditto on other comments about the chips n' salsa. Whoduthunk that simply putting 4 kinds of chips would make a basic appetizer so much better?
3	We didn't have a really good experience here, but I don't think it was the fault of the restaurant.  A little misunderstanding with the server on "gluten free" food, but otherwise food was good, relatively competitive with others.  Atmosphere wasn't really what we liked, but that is a matter of personal opinion.
5	The black and blue quesadilla was amazing! And the chips and salsa are to die for! Service was great, too!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the great service and taste of the food.  I had an amazing waiter and the manager was even walking around asking how everyone's meals came out.  I loved the chips and salsa.  There was a mix of different colored chips with different seasonings.  I ordered steak fajitas which came out hot, tender and delicious.  A lot of veggies and a lot of nice spices.  I ordered a slide of dulche De Leche, which was so good.  My bill, with a 30% tip only came out to $20, which I thought was very reasonable.The restaurant is located in a nice little plaza area with a cool looking courtyard, surrounded by an office building and a sweet looking Cathedral, a few blocks from Chace field.  I was glad I went here.
3	Good food overall.  The guacamole was excellent!  The group enjoyed their entrees overall.  I had the seared tuna which was very good. Margaritas were potent...which is good .  Desserts were also enjoyable - tres leche cake was moist and tastie.  Atmosphere was ok.  Cost per person was about $40 person with a drink or so.
2	I like the food at Sam's and I like the happy hour. I don't know if they've changed management or service since they changed their name to Canyon Cafe but the service here frustrated me so badly I had to give it 2 stars for "I've experienced better."  The wait for food is rather long most times of the day, which, at lunch time especially, can suffice as a reason NOT to go here. You definitely won't make it back to work within an hour.  But here's the main reason I started boycotting Sam's. I went here with a friend who is allergic to cilantro once. She tried ordering 4 different things that presumably wouldn't have cilantro on them and each time she selected something the waiter just said "That has cilantro too." How about helping to identify some items WITHOUT cilantro, Mr. Waiter?! When she had finally just decided NOT to eat at all, I asked the waiter if he could go ask the cook if he could make anything without cilantro so my friend could eat.  Rather than doing that, he said, "well, I know all the ingredients in everything so that won't help." Nice. Finally I asked the waiter if the chef could make a quesadilla (tortillas & cheese!!!!!!) without cilantro and he STILL said no.  Do you know why? Because it's served with pico de gallo on top. HELLO?!?! just leave it off....idiot. It was really a terrible experience. Usually restaurants at least ATTEMPT to accommodate food allergies. NOT this one. THEN, to cap it all off, I asked for parking validation for the garage when we were ready to go. All restaurants at the Arizona Center give validation for parking because why would you pay an additional $5-$10 just to eat at so-so restaurants?  The hostess responded with a simple, "Sorry - we're out". I had no patience left after the no-cilantro fiasco so I inquired further and finally a manager came out and said, "Oh - no parking? - I'll go get more validations from our sister restaurant around the corner." He was back in 1 minute. How difficult was that? The lack of problem-solving skills among the staff here really astounded me, and for this reason, despite the fact that this place is super convenient to my job and home, I haven't been back since.
4	In town for a conference at the convention center and stumbled upon this place across the street for lunch one day - what a happy surprise!  Loved the house-made chips they bring as soon as you're seated - not just your average tortilla chips but also wontons and sweet potato chips, and all with a nice sized bowl of a really flavorful smoky chipotle-style salsa - delish!  It's a good thing the kitchen is quick because my Cobb salad that came out a short time later was gigantic.  I would probably say this is one of the top Cobbs I have ever had - every item on it tasted fresh and crisp and good quality, and there were a lot of unique items included - oh so much more than your average Cobb.I planned all week to go back at night for dinner and margaritas but never did make it - boo!
4	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner for our anniversary after a baseball game and to our surprise, mostly everything was amazing! His adova rib eye was cooked just right and had succulent flavors to the dry last bite. My adova penne chicken pasta wasn't far behind! Not to mention the chocolate chip and pecan complimentary tamale was totally different than the traditional tamales we're accustomed to yet scrumptious! I would have gave this restaurant, formerly Sam's cafe, 5 stars but the guacamole was too lemony and our service was pretty slow at the beginning despite seeing tons of staff pass us on by, but once the manager took notice everything changed! Definitely coming back next time we're in Phoenix!
5	Excellent food and excellent service!
3	Went in with a couple of friends for a post-softball tournament drink.  Didn't get served for quite a while; all we had on our table were the menus and the chips/salsa.  No water?!When we ordered our drinks, we got the typical "you're not ordering anything else tonight?/Well, I guess I'd better go work some other tables for a bigger tip" vibe from our waitress.  So what? Serve ALL of your customers the same and you'll be compensated.  Silly.Yummy margaritas, though.  Chips and salsa don't QUITE compare to Aunt Chilada's, but they were better than most (ahem...chain restaurants...).
5	Dave and I were exploring to new places around our new home and came across this lovely cafe in the middle of the Arizona Center. We were greeted and seated right away, we chose the patio to enjoy then spring weather. The ambiance was casual and made you feel like you were eating at home.  The service was quick and the staff very knowledgeable.  We even got a personal visit from the manager to ensure we were enjoying our dining.  We started the dinner off with the best chips and salsa I have ever tasted. The salsa tasted like heaven and I am very picky about my salsa. I believe it was made with some adobo sauce. To wash it down we tried the pitcher of canyon margaritas.   The prickly pear and cranberry provided a nice flavor twist although it was a bit too sweet for Dave's liking. For dinner, Dave tried the Southwestern tortellini  and I had the mini chimichangas.  The tortellini were covered in a chorizo cream sauce and was delicious.  The mini chimichangas did not disappoint mouth watering flavor in every bite.  Both meals were superb.  We decided to splurge for dessert and tried the tres leches cake with a strawberry sauce.  It was the most moist tres leches I have ever tried (even ones I have tried to make).  It was the perfect ending to a great meal.  If that wasn't enough they provided a commentary dessert, a divine white chocolate almond tamale.  A fun twist on the traditional tamale.  Even the left overs the next day were amazing. Over all this was a fabulous place to visit.  The only downside is that our meal was a bit pricy but I am sure that the $25 margarita pitcher didn't help. I would and will definite visit this place again, especially since it is only 0.2 miles away.
2	Tasteless. Nasty. A definite go when you have no desire to eat good tasty food, and no desire to impress out of town visitors. Calamari tasted like rubber, prickly pear margherita was iced down to the fullest. My stomach hurts. But the staff was nice.
3	I've been here twice now.  My first visit was great.  The service was perfect.  I was pleasantly surprised by the chips and salsa and the special of the day was excellent.  It was a very interesting mix of Italian and southwest.  My second visit didn't go quite as well.  My group was sat at the very back of the restaurant and the servers visits where few and far between.Perhaps I should stop wearing my "bearded for her pleasure" shirt when I eat out...
3	good fresh table-side guacamole, margaritas were too sweet and diluted, fajitas were good! rice was not vegetarian but beans were.. service was fine.. patio seats were fun
5	I took a group of people here from work -  The service was outstanding the food was even better. I produced my "Yelp" coupon and it was honoured without question. The chips and salsa really get your attention, and some of the cocktails were excellent. They seated our group of 8 immediately, even while they had a large function going on outside. All who ate there were thrilled.
3	I have always enjoyed eating at Sam's (now Canyon) from when they had their Biltmore location...the Pancho's Enchiladas are my favorite! However I went to their downtown location with my 4 month old daughter today to meet some friends for lunch and they do NOT have a diaper changing station in their restroom. Was pretty disappointed and won't be returning if it is a family meal.
4	Our group was wondering what was good on the menu and asked our waitress for input.  She said to try the "Limit- 2" Margaritas $11.95  Two of my friends said the drink was strong, one of us opposed.  I also disagreed.  It was definitely salty though.We grubbed on the chips on salsa and drank our margaritas as we waited for our food to come out.  The chips were really good, especially the chips that had the sweet topping on it; but too much of that can make you sick.  I kind of did and had to stop...Finally our order came out.  I had ordered the Mango Buffalo Salad as suggested by the waitress, and it was a featured item on the menu; it was alright.  I was too full to even finish the tostada.
3	The other day my coworkers and I decided to go to Canyon Cafe.  Also this restaurant used to be called Sam's Cafe.    They changed names back in February.  So, we got our drinks and we order the Queso dip to start our meal off and then we ordered our food.   Then the Queso dip came out.  It was really good, but it was also a little runny.  Now for our food, when they were handing us the food.  The lady was passing the fajitas across me to my coworker and the juice from the fajitas spilled all over me and my meal.  Luckily I had my napkin in my lap, but it still got on my jeans.  You would think that a manager would come over and apologize for what happen or at least comp my food.  Instead they told me that they would pay for my dry cleaning bill, if I wanted to get my jeans dry cleaned.    Other than the spill the meal was great. I ordered the basin Meatloaf. I totally recommend the meatloaf.  It was one the best meatloaf I have had in a long time.  Last but not least our waiter was really nice and did a great job taking care of us.
5	Best chips and salsa ever! Variety of chips.Our favorites are the wontons and sweet potato chips Favorite margarita. Grand Canyon margarita the best ever! Only $4 during happy hour.
5	We ate here during lunch on Sunday and I can't understand why this place wasn't packed. They have the best vegetarian fajitas, chips and salsa that I've ever had...and I eat Mexican food a lot. The chips are mixed, some are won tons, some are sweet potato crisps and some are seasoned corn chips...all mixed together. Our waiter explained that the salsa takes two days to make the concoction of roasted vegetables. I had my free checkin dessert to go...and there was a lot to choose from. If I lived in the area, I would definitely frequent this place.
4	Patio is dog friendly.  Very good service. Had the blackened catfish which was good .  The little white chocolate and pecan praline deserts rolled in tamale husks were outstanding!!!
4	This place came highly recommended by my son.  So we buzzed into this neat little complex.  Found the restaurant and sat outside watching the nursing students go by.  I ordered a house special margarita, that they will only sell two of to you.  The drink was made out of fresh juices and a healthy pour of tequila. Wow it was delicious. A unique basket of chips was dropped off at out table.  Different kinds of chips with a great spice on them and what appeared to be a restaurant made salsa.  Absolutely delicious.  Really, fantastic flavors in a great combination. Had a chimichangas for my meal.  It was really good as well.  Crunchy outside with a real intense flavored chicken inside.I will without a doubt return next time I am in Phoenix.
4	Came here upon my cousins recommendation. Glad we did. We sat outside on the patio because it was unbearably cold inside. The chips and salsa were different than ive ever had: crispy, good spice with a hint of sweetness. A raspberry margarita hit the spot. I ordered a chicken salad, lots of breast meat chicken, and a delicious salad dressing. Great service, just watch out for the birds they are ready to EAT too!! When in town i'd come back here.
5	Great portions and good food. Stayed for a week near by. Probably ate here 4 times in a week. The southwest Cobb salad is beyond delicious. Great happy hour 4-7 everyday. Highly recommend.
4	Very good! Love the Orange Beso! The Chips and salsa are amazing!!! I got the Bison Meatloaf! Freakin amazing!!!! :-D Highly recommend it!!!!
3	A couple friends and I went here after searching for a dinner place around 9pm on a weeknight. Much of downtown Phoenix closes up shop early during weekdays so it was good to find a place that was open with some life to it.We were quickly seated and ordered some margaritas. They brought out chips and salsa that were actually very tasty. The chips are brushed with some sort of chipotle spice and served with chipotle salsa as well.For my meal, I ordered the chicken fajitas which were decent, but nothing to write home about. All of the portions were pretty large, but I still felt that the prices were a bit high considering the quality of food.The service was friendly and relatively speedy and they even gave us a little palette cleansing dessert to complete the meal.Overall, this place is a good place to get your fix for margaritas and Mexican food in Phoenix, but just be prepared to pay a little higher price than you are probably used to.
3	We chose Canyon Cafe for our dinner after walking through the Arizona Center and it looked appealing. We asked to sit outside since it was a beautiful, balmy December evening.We told our server, Ryan that we needed to be in and out in an hour and he assured us he'd make that happen since the kitchen wasn't terribly busy. Waters all around and then drinks were ordered. A had a beer so there's not much to report there. M choice a Mai-Tai and it was VERY strong. We all choked back a swig to verify and then asked Ryan to add something to tone it down, which he did rather quickly. K & I were intrigued by the "Limit 2" Margaritas so we each ordered the Top Shelf ConMemorativo which I have to say was just average. Pricey ($11.95) for average.Dinner selections included the carnitas platter, a spinach/portabella quesadilla, and some kind of stew with jalapenos and all kinds of tasty things...beef? pork? Can you tell this wasn't my dish? I did however, get to taste it and all of us had wished we'd ordered it. It was that good. The report on the quesadilla was that it was good and just enough food. The carnitas were a little dry but the plate arranged beautifully. Canyon serves an odd chips & salsa combo too - puffy fried flour tortillas (my guess on the flour) and then sprinkled with a sweet, BBQ flavoring. Interesting. They were good but we could only eat a couple each.The best part about Canyon for us was Ryan! He was super friendly, super attentive without annoying us and accommodated all our requests...even one for a picture!
1	Absolutely the worst service I've ever seen. We waited for a half hour before grabbing a waitress.
4	Love this place!!! Came here for lunch yesterday and I about inhaled the entire bowl of chips and salsa :) BEST I HAVE EVER HAD! I was on a quick lunch break so I ordered off the light lunch menu and had a chicken quesadilla, which had carmalized onions and gave it a sweet taste. I will definitely be back! Yum!4 Stars due to the fact that we requested 2 bowls of the salsa, but additional chips were never brought to the table. Maybe a good thing as I couldn't keep my hands out of the bowl :)
5	Killer Mexican Food! The chips 'n salsa kicks ass! You get a red, blue & regular tortilla chips with reg, spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance. Move Over, Manuels & TEE PEE....ew!
5	Killer Mexican Food! The chips 'n salsa kicks ass! You get a red, blue & regular tortilla chips with reg, spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! ...Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance.......... Move over, Manuels & TEE PEE....ew!
3	The only reason why I am giving this a 3, is because the Bison Burger was great! Other then that, coming from So.Cali, this Mexican style of food does not compare. But I would give it a try again.
2	I had the carnitas and enchiladas.  the carnitas were fine but no better than what you can get at trader joes and the pancho's enchiladas were just plain bad.  they had no flavor, and the tortillas were hard.  the chips were unique, seasoned and sweet potato, but the salsa was no better or worse than a dozen other Mexican places I've been to.  I'm from California so maybe I'm a little spoiled when it comes to good Mexican, but regardless this place fell way short.  oh!  and I asked for no onions and the plate was covered in them!  poor form.
5	I cannot speak highly enough of this restaurant. The chips are to die for, the salads and tortilla soup were awesome. To top it off, the service by our waitress TJ (Tammy J) was excellent as she made us feel like guests in her own home. We'll go back again anytime we visit Phoenix.
4	The margaritas here are good.  All of them.  We stopped in during our Cinco de Mayo, Tour de Margarita, and were not disappointed.  Unfortunately we did not eat during this visit, much to the detriment of our sobriety, but I'm sure there will be a next time.
4	Best chips and salsa! Friendly service.  Will definitely go back for more!  This was a first time visit for me, and I can't wait to visit again for lunch or dinner.
5	One of our favorites.  I love that you can walk right in on a Friday or Saturday night without waiting for a table - I don't know why that is, maybe the location?  But the food has always been phenomenal.  The seared tuna and fresh veggies is so good and the portion is twice the size I've ever gotten elsewhere - so it's a great lunch the next day.  Chips and salsa are the best of anywhere.  The chips basket is a mix of white and blue corn, PLUS fried wonton wrappers with a sweet/spicy spice blend AND sweet potato chips.  Sooo good.  And it's a great, roasted salsa too.  I've had dinners, salads, quesadillas there and everything has always been good.  I'd always take my assistant there for secretaries day or for their birthdays and they always love it.  We've had out of town visitors and they always love it too.  If you love calamari, there's is great.  IT's cornmeal dusted with a spicy sauce... but there's TONS... so bring friends.  Really.  Usually a calamari order is $10+ and so small you don't want to share, this is under $10 and enough for 5 ppl.  Delish.  I LOVE that they bring you a white chocolate (and pecan) tamale after dinner.  Just the perfect little two bites of sweet to finish your meal.  Consistently good food.
5	I love this place!!The chips and salsa are fantastic, I couldn't stop eating them.  The food was excellent, the service was prompt and friendly, and even the desert was delicious (tres leches)!We went on a Friday night and were one of the only ones in the restaurant, which surprised me.  We also ordered a margarita (one of the ones large enough to share) and it was perfectly prepared.I look forward to coming here again and highly recommend giving it a shot if you haven't yet.  The free dessert Yelp coupon alone makes it worthwhile!
5	What a great menu and patio... The commemorativo margarita is great...
3	being in phoenix, i was hoping for some killer mexican food. canyon cafe was ok. came here for dinner, but wasn't impressed by anything on the menu. ordered the steak fajitas and it was unexpectedly sweet. raspberry margarita was good though!
4	Great outdoor seating in the Arizona Center. They open at 11am and have a nice top shelf margarita selection.  You get a shaker full of drink so it's more like three drinks in one.  We all had soup and salads. It was a good lunch with  nice variety of flavors.  The chicken pablano chowder was really nice.  End of the meal comes with a little treat of white chocolate pecan in a tamale husk.  Yelp check in gets you a free dessert with entree. I didn't think the soup and salad would classify but our waitress was awesome and said she surely could do one dessert for our table of three. Great place for lunch. Plenty of seating. Starting filling up at noon.
5	Chips & salsa FANTASTIC! Went back for spinach/portobello quesadillas; best ever. Beautiful patio area. Excellent service.
2	Canyon Cafe has the potential to be an idyllic restaurant, but falls short on nearly all aspects one desires in a dining experience. I want this place to succeed, I really do, but based upon a couple of my experiences here it seems they themselves do not want to succeed.Canyon Cafe has a really nice location in downtown Phoenix at the Arizona Center. One of its main selling points is the huge shaded patio overlooking the Arizona Center courtyard with tall palm trees and soothing waterfalls. They have some of the best margaritas I've ever tasted. The food is mediocre.My first three times here last winter were great. Canyon Cafe was one of my first restaurant experiences in Phoenix, as I had just accepted my first big boy job and had relocated from Pennsylvania. I was in love with the new climate and the countless varieties of margaritas. The food was so-so, but the atmosphere and service received were wonderful. My server was the older lady with shorter gray hair--perfect! My fourth time was on a Friday night, and we arrived to a surprisingly empty restaurant around 8:30 for dinner. The chile-rubbed sirloin left a lot to be desired, but the Orange Beso margaritas were its saving grace. I really love these margaritas, and I highly recommend this place for margaritas, and margaritas only, but only if you want to stop drinking them by 10pm on a Friday night. I didn't know they closed at 10pm on a Friday night until the server presented me the check at 10pm saying that they close at 10pm on Friday nights. Seriously? I'm not one to consciously stay past closing time, but giving one of your few remaining repeat customers the proverbial 'foot in the ass' is probably a big reason as to why you have no one in your restaurant on a Friday night. That, and you don't have a HH to lure customers in earlier in the evening. Get with the program.In the spirit of redemption, I came here solo for a late lunch yesterday. The place was nearly empty, but that's to be expected at 4pm on a weekday. I picked a nice patio table overlooking the courtyard on an absolutely beautiful 80 degree day. I sipped on my Blue Moon margarita, wayfarers on, giving thanks I wasn't in the torrent of shit that was unloading on the east coast. I ordered the Salmon Caesar Salad and went back to sipping and basking. Five minutes later my waitress returns asking me what I ordered. Sip.This particular Caesar salad has apple and pear slices in it, which sounded deliciously refreshing. I was let down when the bowl arrived and the pieces were about the width of a toothpick. The salad and dressing were great, but the salmon tasted too fishy, leading me to believe it was old. I'm about halfway finished with my margarita when my server drops the check, not even asking me if i'd like another margarita. There are literally three tables in the entire restaurant and I feel like I'm being rushed out again. I don't touch the check, but proceed to sip, people watch, and check my phone to see how the market did. Ten minutes later she opens the check presenter that's on my table,"Oh, you're not finished?"    No."Just enjoying the weather?"    ..........I think I'm finished now. I'm finished with this restaurant. This place is a headache. Also check out their website. It looks like something I could have created using Visual Basic in high school. This place reeks of complacency. 2 stars only because of the margaritas.
4	Came here for a break from working like a mad woman.  M and I met up!  Had an early dinner.  M got dinner and I got an appetizer.  I got the wings.  They were done, crispy and flavorful.  A little messy but good!Service was great an the chips are good!!!!!
3	This place has the potential to be great!! However, it's not. The chips and salsa and atmosphere are definitely a reason to go! The best I've ever had!!!! The first trip there provided a waitress who never brought the cheese dip we ordered. When I asked her to take it off our check, she said, "ok".  Never an apology or "oh my gosh! I forgot!"  Nothing. She came by a couple of times to refill the empty water glasses them disappeared until the food and check were brought out. Giving them the benefit of the doubt, we went back the next day. Again, beautiful atmosphere from the patio. The chips and salsa were DELICIOUS!!!! The food and service were mediocre. I had the chicken sandwich which sounded somewhat healthy but came out greasy. So my advice: go!! Get the chips and salsa. Although I didn't have one, I hear the margaritas are good, too. Enjoy the patio and beautiful Phoenix weather. Just don't expect too much from the rest of the food or service.
4	After reading reviews I only ordered table side guacamole and a cheese quesadilla.  The chips were amazing and I thought the salsa was just okay.  Quesadilla was good. Service was slow but that was okay cuz I was there to enjoy a beautiful morning in Arizona!
5	Al the bartender was the best server we've had! We had a terrible experience at a nearby restaurant and decided to head in to a favorite spot we always enjoy and Al undid the terrible experience we had elsewhere. Highly recommend Canyon Cafe. Plus it's one of the few places that gives you chips and salsa without a charge.  Great food, fantastic service and the best chips you've ever had! This place is consistently good. Al is our new favorite!
4	I love this place and have eaten her more times than I can count.  Anything with their green chili pork is fantastic.  The steak and blue cheese quesadilla is amazing.  As several others haven mentioned the chips and salsa are quite tasty.
4	I dined here three times in one month, each time with different groups. We all enjoyed the experience. The chips are made fresh on site and believe me, you can tell! Lots of outdoor seating right there by the palm trees and water fountains at Arizona Center. There are usually a few birds squawking and chirping in the background as well. No charge for this entertainment. Tried several dishes (NOT all in one sitting!), including tacos and enchiladas. All excellent. Full bar and indoor seating as well if desired. Friendly staff each visit. And here's a nice touch: they give out these corn husk-wrapped white chocolates as complimentary dessert. Make sure you unwrap those husks or you'll be in for a nasty surprise. The goods are on the inside. Not the outside. But on the inside? Savory, cool white chocolate. It tastes a bit like butter pecan ice cream (if anyone can even remember that flavor, which seems to have gone the way of vinyl albums and phone booths). Check out the Canyon Cafe. I believe you'll also become a fan.
5	Great find thanks to Yelp! My family and I were at the Convention Center for my niece's dance competition and we didn't know where to eat. My sister mentioned that she felt like Mexican food so I pulled up the handy dandy Yelp app and began searching. This gem popped up.It's about a 10-15 min. walk from the Convention Center and is located in the Arizona Center near the fountains. I ordered the vegetable pasta, my sister and mom ordered veggie fajitas and my dad ordered the applewood smoked salmon. The fajitas looked really really good! They had various kinds of vegetables in them, not just peppers and onions like some other places do. My veggie pasta was really delicious. It's pasta with a garlic black bean soy sauce. It's topped with roasted vegetables. The only thing is i wish I knew that there were tomatoes in it because I would have ordered it without. Not a big deal though, since I was able to pick them out. My dad's salmon was fresh and he said it was delicious. We didn't order dessert, even though their deserts look AMAZING. They have something called a banana burrito, which looks really good. This restaurant also has a gluten free menu if that's how you roll. Our server Ryan was really good! He made sure our drinks were full and brought us new chips when our basket was empty. He was very attentive and made sure our visit was superb. BTW, their tortilla chips are out of this world. We sat outside on the patio and overlooked the lit up palm trees and the fountains. It was really nice out and our visit was very pleasant. There was also some live music playing. The food took a little long to come out but it wasn't ridiculous. You can tell everything was prepared fresh, so I didn't mind having to wait an extra few minutes...plus my dad ordered an appetizer which delayed things a bit. Next time we go back I'll definitely try the table-side guacamole...that looked really good and probably tastes really fresh.
5	Here on business, staying at the downtown sheraton across the street from the restaurant. I've been here twice this week and the food and service have been great. Chips and salsa are a unique blend of sweet and salty and delicious. Great margaritas. Both I can only comment on the fajitas but they are amazing. I'd definitely recommend
2	Positives:*Chips and salsa*Nice outdoor seating *Fish tacos with light salad was delicious*Affordable pricesNegatives:*It took 45 min for the food to be brought out even though the restaurant was not very busy and especially after several inquiries about our order, stressing that we needed to be back for a conference.  Because the food came out so late we had to get it boxed up.*Orders were incorrect.*No apologies from management or wait staff.
5	Canyon Cafe is in the top five of favorite places to eat. My fiance and I recently celebrated our anniversary at Canyon Cafe.  Pro: The chips and salsa rock my world! The entree's are delicious! The staff is friendly and efficient.  The ambiance is quiet and relaxed.Con: The carnitas tacos are very greasy.Canyon Cafe exceeds our expectations every time.  You go for dinner but you stay for the chips and salsa.  The chip basket includes sweet potato, blue corn, wonton, and regular tortilla chips.  The salsa is roasted and heavenly.  Recommended: The bison burger, it is juicy and flavorful. The Verde Chicken enchiladas, love the sauce and chicken is tender.  The top shelf margarita, suggested to share but make sure to stir or the tequila will go straight to your head.Can't wait to go back.  It's our little secret place that we enjoy because it's quiet and we usually leave feeling quite euphoric.
4	Good Southwestern food: Addictive chips, efficient service.
3	Great location. Food good. Came here on a Monday night about 10 minutes before closing and they accommodated us. Service was pretty quick and good. Outdoor seating available.We ordered margaritas which were delicious. They bring the entire mixer, so you get about 1.5 - 2 glasses once you're finished drinking it.We had the fish tacos and Avodo chicken pasta. Both tasted good and were cooked just right. Portions were fairly sizable. Dining space is fairly large and is good for groups.
5	Great place and beautiful patio!  Adovo Chicken Pasta and Poblano Chicken Chowder are favorites!
5	This place is great! Definitely deserves more than the 3.5 stars it has on here!The chips and salsa are the best I've ever had. I got steak fajitas that were excellent. My friend really enjoyed her meal as well (can't quite remember what it was). Very fair prices, almost cheap for how good it is and the ambiance is quite nice. Definitely worth a visit, I'll probably eat here every time I visit Phoenix!
5	After having had some underwhelming meals at our hotel and around the convention district, this place was a BIG treat. The service was spot on, and we knew the meal was going to be good as soon as they brought out their special mixed chips and dark, smoky salsa. After our margaritas appeared (their special margaritas come out with a refill in the shaker), our entrees did not disappoint. Hearty chicken in the enchiladas and quesadilla, and our friend's intriguing 'naked' chili relleno. Portions were beyond generous, and thanks to checking in with Yelp we shared a dessert for free. We chose the banana burrito and had no regrets. Highly recommended. Sad that I won't be back in Phoenix any time soon - I'd definitely come back if this were in my city!!
1	Two! Not one,  but two roaches crawling on the table. Came in, sat and ordered then here comes a Roach crawling on the table then another! Not sure if the solar flares, the full moon, or the fact that it's Friday the 13th had anything to do with it,  but the fact that it was my first time there, the roaches made it my last time there! And the fact that the booth seating with the huge square pillars makes for an uncomfortable setting. And the energy is not good,  very off! Also, the roaches were small, meaning there are more, probably a nest! Roaches don't come out during the day unless there's an infestation! Wouldn't recommend eating here!
5	I've been here twice and never been let down. Great food from the chips n salsa to the entree. The margaritas are excellent also.  Must stop if your in the area. Service very good.
4	Came here twice for dinner while staying at a hotel across the street for a conference. Staff was very friendly. Food was awesome. The first night I had the Carnitas Platter...second night I tried Pancho's Enchiladas. The chips and salsa were yummy! Nicely seasoned, and once in awhile you'll find some sweet potato chips mixed in. The white chocolate tamale they give you at the end of your meal was a perfect ending.
4	We went here for mother's day meal 5/2014 and I was very pleased. It was an excellent day and we were able to eat in the patio area. I remember that the chips, as I had previous read, were great. Some where deep fried, different flavors, and overall a great way to start the meal. I had the carnitas plate and it was very moist and portions were plenty. The flavor was very good. We also took advantage of a yelp check in free desert and the banana burrito was great with banana wrapped in a crispy sweet tortilla topped with ice cream.The food was great and vibe was really nice on a nice breezy, summer day. The waitress was very helpful, good service and the chef actually brought out samples of desert that I can not remember the name but it was a nice touch. The only bothersome part that there were pigeons that interrupted our meal a few times but not a big deal. If you are in the area, highly recommended.
4	Reviews don't lie. Our party of seven had no complaints about the food, excellent. Service was friendly but EXTREMELY slow. It was lunchtime on a Monday but the restaurant was dead so no excuses not to be on top of things. It took forever to get water and chip refills. From order time until they picked up the check it took one hour forty five minutes....but we did get some complimentary chocolate dessert compliments of the chef
3	This place has so much promise, I need to come back and try it again!  The chips and salsa are spectacular.  The service was quite slow, but the restaurant was also quite busy.  It still took an hour and 15min and all I ordered was a salad.  Don't get the Calamari Salad if it is on special.  I should have known better than to get that at a TexMex restaurant, but lesson learned.  The dressing was very good, but the calamari was over-fried and the cucumbers were mushy and disgusting.  Long story short, for lunch I had lettuce with good dressing and amazing chips and salsa for $15.  I saw plates of tacos go by that looked and smelled much better than what I was mulling through.  The waitress felt bad though, she could tell I was not enjoying my meal.  As a consolation prize I was hooked up with a delicious white chocolate tamale when I got my bill.  I will be back, I will choose more wisely, and hopefully things will be better!
4	The prices for this cafe were appropriate, and the food had good portions! I am pleased to say that I am excited to come back...although I think they're remodeling currently. Still, my friends and I are looking forward to it.
4	Let's say you're in Phoenix for a conference. You want to unwind at the end of the day with your colleagues, have a leisurely discussion of what you've been conferencing about, and enjoy regional cuisine without wallet-breaking prices or concerns that "authentic" might verge into "scary." GO HERE.1. It is within walking distance of your hotel, with a lovely view of a garden.2. The chips are amazing. Think "professional chef reimagines Doritos" for portions of them, but there are also normal tortilla chips and blue corn tortilla chips.3. The drinks are exceedingly drink-like, with none of that pesky margarita-mix taste. Order something with prickly pear juice in it.4. In sporadic meals during my years in Arizona, I've never had service that was other than charming. It's possible YMMV if you hit a huge rush, but if they're not jammed, you should feel very happy and pampered.5. The white-chocolate tamale at the end of the meal is perfect if you want a little something sweet but weren't up for dessert.Order lots of plates to share among your group because... the food ranges from amazing to meh, and I'd swear sometimes the same dish has been both amazing and meh on different trips. (I'm certain I had the Pablo's enchiladas with a totally exciting salad and very subtle flavors on a past trip, when it was more "well, that's an enchilada, can't argue with that" the most recent time.) The good news is that I've never had a dish be worse than meh, and even the meh-est experience was pretty good for the first two or three bites... so if you have a bunch of dishes and are taking a couple bites of each, the odds are strongly in your favor that you'll generally be very happy.If that method doesn't work for you, I've had good experience with the carnitas so far. There was also a very pleasant Easter brunch. You're paying about normal street prices, maybe a couple bucks above Macayo's, for enchilada-type meals (and the quality is way better, even on meh days) and $17-$20 for serious entrees.In any case, you're really here to converse and drink and nibble chips as evening falls across the artificial pond, which experience they do exceedingly well here.ETA: if you visit on a really cold, sunless day, bundle up! Like many Arizona establishments, this place expects sun through the windows to contribute to a pleasing indoor winter temperature.
3	They have an enticing menu with great choices and a great looking bar, nothing was really above and beyond to me. However, I would visit this place again. Oh! Their chips are amazing, they have three or four different types they throw into the same basket . .salsa was so-so.
5	I have been to this wonderful place a couple of times now and have had the most delicious dinners and lunches always.  Last night I invited a friend to have dinner here for her 1st time and she was raving all night about the crab cake dinner she had to eat.  The service is always terrific and our server "Keith W" did an outstanding job (thank you , Keith) making my friends 1st time there a memorable one!  Thanks to all the staff!
2	I was totally disappointed from the food to the service the food was barely edible. the service was slow waitress did not know the menu or the ingredients. We ordered the  top shelf margarita we split it, it was nothing to write home about. The only thing on my plate that was absolutely good was the grilled vegetables they were crunchy and seasoned well. The talipia was bland and saturated with oil is very greasy yuck! The have a beautiful  view of the courtyard with lights.
5	I really liked this place they will definitely see me again. Often! The atmosphere outside was fantastic, noise levels were jovial while we could easily converse without shouting - just right.The food was amazing. People at two other tables around us exclaimed Wow! When receiving their orders. Worth a visit.
5	I wish there was one of these in Atlanta!!Amazing food & drinks!  I had the Rico Rita (margarita made with run) and it was awesome!!!  Then we did table side guacamole and it was fabulous!!! I loved their "chips" and salsa!  I had the street tacos (shrimp and carnitas) and they were delish.  They brought out some yummy white chocolate dessert too. My suggestion - sit outside & listen to the fountains!!
2	I agree with some of the reviews, this place has the potential to be a go-to Downtown Phoenix restaurant, but falls short on so many levels. The only part of my meal that I can say was good was the chips and salsa - that is the only thing they have down. The staff was okay.  But there are so many other restaurants near here that it is going to hard to come back.They have a great outdoor patio and location so they have the ability to thrive. My coworkers and I all felt the same way, our main entrees were awful.  All I had was a salad and soup, and I'm not sure how that can be messed up but it was.  There was not enough flavor and overall zest.Canyon was kind supplying us with white peppermint chocolate tamales for dessert, which were quite tasty. But that is not going to be enough to win back the meal.
