4	For all you hop heads out there keeping count, Triple C's grand opening marked the 6th microbrewery to open its doors in the Charlotte area this past weekend. (Sorry Rock Bottom you don't count) The Queen City's latest brewing company is located in the South End district, and is just a short walk from the light rail's New Bern stop. We were among the first twenty or so to arrive on Saturday, and were thankful for that because within the first hour the line was completely wrapped around the brewery and outside the door. There are currently only four selections to taste, Light Rail Pale Ale, Smoked Amber, Greenway IPA, and the Babymaker Double IPA. Each pint is 4 bucks with the exception being the Babymaker which is served in a snifter and costs $4.50. Flights of four beers are also offered which I recommend so you can sample them all and then decide on your favorite pint.The inside is nice, everything looks brand new, and the whole place is filled with the aroma of a fresh batch of craft brew. The bar looked like it would hold around 8 guests and there was a L shaped design for the rest of the floor with 4-tops, and a couple shared tables in the middle. I saw three big screen TVs, one behind the bar, one towards the restrooms, and one in the main seating area. They don't serve food here, but the "Tin Kitchen" was on site with food truck service similar to NoDa and Birdsong. As for the beers themselves, they were decent, my favorite being the Babymaker with the Light Rail a close second. The Greenway IPA was a little too hoppy for me, and the Smoked Amber my wife was not a fan of, but after a couple beers it went down just like the rest for me.Honestly the location is lacking at the moment. The only surrounding businesses are furniture companies, although interesting without any food/shopping options, there isn't a lot to do in the area other than visit the brewery. I did grab a deal on Charlotte Observer that gives you a pint, the glass, and a growler to take home for 13 dollars so I will definitely be coming back to cash that in. Hopefully by then the Golden Boy will be on tap so I can complete my testing. Checkout their Facebook page to get updates on the locations of local bars where they will carry Triple C on tap.I enjoyed our visit there and although none of their offerings at this point are in my top ten for Charlotte, I still think people should check out one of their taps at a local bar, or better yet pay a visit to the brewery itself, make your own decisions, and do your part to support our local breweries.
5	Triple C Brewing is a VERY welcomed addition to the Charlotte craft brewery scene. Located in an up-and-coming area in Southend, the brewery blends in to the industrial landscape, but once inside you find a really beautiful tap room of natural wood, dark furniture and brushed silver casks. A couple flat screens makes it a great place to catch a game, and when the food trucks are stationed outside, what more do you need?Ah, how about the beer itself? Well, I've found my new favorite Charlotte-area brew: the Nitrogen Smoked Amber. Wow! The regular Smoked Amber is quite good, but the nitrogen version is so smooth - pours and falls like a Guinness, a little creamy with that burnt aftertaste. It is really delicious. I've described it as Highland Gaelic meets Greenman ESB, but really that is an unfair description -- it stands on its own as a flagship beer, standing alongside Coco Loco, Copper and Free Will as Charlotte's entrants into the broader North Carolina craft brew discussion.Also had a nice discussion with one of the owners - really good people. My wife and I will be back often.
5	Man. Just when you thought the craft beer scene was peaking in Charlotte, look again. Triple C is holding down another nook in Southend and boy, oh boy, are they doing it well. After much anticipation of opening and itching to pour a few pints for Charlotte's beer lovers, Triple C definitely delivers. The interior is all tap room. Tons of beautiful finished wooden tables, bar seating, picnic tables outside, and a few TVs. Nothing too audacious. Love the pallet wood lining the two rear walls. Really makes a fine pattern that draws the eye. Nice touch, dudes!These guys did it right. Opening with 5 brews gives you the opportunity to sample most of the offering in a flight. In their case, a flight is 4 brews. A rather generous pour in each sample glass and a gorgeous, wooden serving vessel. Check out my photo. As for the brews, goodness gracious. The only one we didn't sample was the blonde. I'm typically not fond of blonde beers, so we went for the other four. The smoked amber, light rail pale ale, greenway IPA, and babymaker were all wonderfully different. They've taken the time to fine tune each brew. Have to say that the smoked amber is the most unique. Smokey, almost porter-ish smoke, with the finish of an amber ale. Talk about a wonderful beer to enjoy in the fall. Definitely campfire worthy!They have growlers available for purchase and refill like most other breweries in town. They are a little on the pricier side. Also, love that you can drink from a pint glass or a schnifter! I see some great things coming out of Triple C thus far and can't wait to see what else they can churn out!
4	Went on a mini brewery crawl this weekend stopping at Birdsong, Heist, and finishing with dinner at Growlers Pourhouse. But the first stop of the day was the newly opened Triple C Brewing Co.Located in the Historic Southend area, Triple C is fairly easy to find, but does blend in with the other nondescript industrial type buildings in the area. I think they have chosen a good location, as this area is in the process of being revitalized.The taproom is fairly spacious and well laid out, with a couple of TVs on the walls (but not so many as to be distracting). There is a large window where you can see the brewhouse from the tap room. The service was pretty good, the servers checked on us often and made sure that our glasses never ran dry. They seemed to have a rudimentary knowledge of the beers, and were very friendly.They had five beers on tap when we went (pale ale, IPA, Smoked Amber Ale, Double IPA, and a Blonde Ale). The beers were good for the most part. I usually like the IPA's and IIPA's but in this case I found the Blonde and the Smoked Amber to be the best beers of the day. Unfortunately, I was not terribly impressed by their hoppy offerings (Pale Ale, IPA, IIPA), They seemed to be fairly one dimensional, and the hops were all bittering with no real hop flavor coming through. Not that any of them were bad, just none of them wowed me.They do not serve any food, but there was a food truck there so that was nice. Overall, I really enjoyed the place and would definitely come back again. and again. and again...
4	Had my first taste of Triple C yesterday! Damn yummy!! My wife and I stopped in and tried the Flight. It gives you a sampling of 4 of their 5 beers. One of the owners actually gave us the 5th too (shh, not suppose to tell). Each one was different. My favorite was the Greenway IPA. The Babymaker was tasty too. The tap room was cool with all the beautiful wood tables and a nice bar and a great view of the brewery. They've got some tables outside along with cornhole and ladder ball games. When we were leaving the Gourmet Goombahs, an Italian food truck was just pulling up. Triple C has a great place out back for some food truck action! Nice touch! We look forward to coming back for more.
5	Hooray Beer! Thankfully this brewery is only 1.9 miles from my house. I know this because I measured... By walking... Ok not really. They took a killer place and made it even better. Just like Noda or Birdsong no bottles. Though you can take home a huge growler that will keep you satisfied for sometime. They favor more toward the IPAs and Pale Ales but still have some good gems in between. A short drive from Southend and right off of the light rail, this place is a must stop. Great beer and great people. Perfect combo!
5	Among the squat, brick warehouses is another industrial-cloaked local brewery, Triple C. Conveniently located down the street and around the corner from Mac's Speed Shop, these guys and gals are a welcome addition to the CLT beer scene.Turn into the (spacious! for once!) parking lot and proceed through the door to their large, welcoming tap room. Lots of tables in communal fashion and seats that wrap the wall. There is a TV for whatever may be on and a popcorn machine to quell your munchies if the food trucks aren't what you were looking for. The bar takes center stage with the current offerings in chalk above. Being my first visit, I opted for the flight. I tasted the pale, IPA, Double IPA, and smoked amber (what they are quickly becoming famous for). The pale is a bit heavier than what most people think for pale ales, which is fine by me. A round, hoppy bite from the IPA and a full-throttled experience with the Babymaker Double IPA. I'm not a hop-head, but these are great IPAs. And finally, the smoked amber. Rich and roasted while maintaining the light bitterness of an amber. I will admit: I had to score a full pint of this after the sampler. I hate that I waited a couple months to check them out. The great things at Triple C are a welcome addition to local craft beer!
4	A cool interior space with exposed ceiling beams, polished concrete floors, and a large "window" overlooking the brewery equipment along with a small bar and multiple seating options complete the inside of Triple C. There are a few picnic tables outside near the entrance, and from what we hear, there's usually a food truck in the parking lot. Very dog friendly. Beer selection leans toward the hoppy. Our group of 5 tried three of the drafts on offer, the Blonde, the Pale Ale, and the Smoky Amber. All of us were quite pleased except for one person who prefers darker beers. All in all, a good spot we will visit again. A light rail station is really close by for those looking for less driving.
5	Triple C is a great edition to the brewery scene.  The owners are awesome. They will tell you the ins and outs of the whole place.  i beleive they even give tours.  The beers are wonderful and ever changing.  The great thing is also the price.  My tab has never been to expensive.  What makes this place great is that its always fun.  They usually have good live music or a good theme to the night.  Also, there are usually some awesome food trucks in the parking lot to kill the beer munchies.
5	Another great brewery in Charlotte that we found out about recently.  The place is a decent size and large enough where you don't feel cramped with the neighboring tables.  The beer here is very good.  My current favorite is the Smoked Amber but I will have to come back again to try the rest.  This place is great bec I would rather pop in for a drink here and support local great tasting beer.
5	Always great service and surprisingly family friendly, especially on a Sunday afternoon.
5	We're rapidly becoming regulars at Triple C. Why? I'm telling you why! Dang impatient teenagers.First and most importantly: the beer is good. I love all of Charlotte's local breweries, but every once in a while, one of their brews just doesn't quite hit the mark. This is to be expected; craft beer is an art form. However, so far, I haven't had a Triple C brew that I didn't like. They do a good job rotating in new and interesting beers as well.Another bonus is the location. Triple C is in the middle of an industrial area, kind of tucked away off South Blvd. The interior is simple but beautiful and suited to their trade. It's just a cool vibe. They usually have a varied and entertaining crowd as well. You'll see groups of friends horsing around as well as people with laptops quietly clicking away.We will keep returning to Triple C as long as they keep being awesome.PS Although they don't serve food, they often have a food truck parked outside.
5	This is a great brewery, on par with NoDa brewing.  It's in a very industrial area, but once you get inside it's pretty cozy.  It's got exactly what I need too:  great beer and satellite HD TV's to watch the games.  The folks who opened it up did a great job with the interior.  Lots of wood and lots of glass!  They had a food truck outside with tacos that looked good, but the last time I was there we were headed to dinner afterwards.  I would assume they always have one on the weekends.  The beer was phenomenal, each beer had its own full, unique flavor.  I tried the flight so I could sample a few and ending up liking the Golden Boy & Light Rail Pale Ale the best.  These are classified as 'C' level beers.  The stronger beers are classified 'CC' and then 'CCC' as they get stronger.  I guess I'm still a beer n00b!  Oh well, I enjoyed my time and will be returning in the future!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Triple C!!!!  The beer, the people, and the taproom!!!  Inside, it's a clean and cozy vibe with charming wood accents and an awesome bar with incredible beer on tap.  I am a huge fan of their IPA, The BabyMaker!  And of course, Golden Boy is a great beer for smooth drinking.  This is a great place to come for happy hour and just relax!
4	Great beer and friendly staff, what more could you ask for? Oh you want food too? Well there is typically a food truck parked out back that is guaranteed to have something you will enjoy.
5	I love the fact that our city is getting all of these new and fantastic brewery's. I am not sure how the brewery's feel about it but I do not necessarily feel that each brewery is a competition. I think with more breweries it will help each other out by getting people into our city to spend a day hopping around breweries. After having Triple C brews a few times, I was excited that Yelp through an Elite event at the brewery. As I already knew I loved the beers, it was nice to see where it all gets made. The brewery itself is super cool. Very clean, modern, and fun. Ping pong, and Foosball tables were a welcomed surprise. Papi Queso on site for some grilled cheese sandwiches and a couple of beers, does not get much better then that. Can't wait to try the new brews coming out!
4	If you have not been for a beer or three at Triple C then you need to make a trip soon. They brew some delicious beers and have a terrific tasting room/bar to enjoy. The Smoked Amber is a great staple beer but my two favorite are the Baby Maker Double IPA and the Up All Night Breakfast Porter. The tasting room is one of, if not, the nicest tasting room of any of Charlotte's breweries. Dogs and people freely roam inside and they have some nice areas outside to sit and enjoy the appropriate games that require a beer in one hand for the necessary balance.  They do not serve food but they usually have one of the popular food trucks set up onsite. Because Triple C is so popular, it can take a bit to get a beer at peak times. They do offer flights which is a great way to go in order to get the full beer experience. Great spot and will only get more popular.
5	Not only is the beer amazing but this place is only 1.5mi from home. I went Sat and enjoyed the Tin Kitchen while I was there. Love that they have food trucks. I just like this place all around! The only complaint would be that for such a huge place there is only one bar and one CC system which makes ordering and getting a tab a more timely process than I care for! Other than that this place is tip top!
5	Great beers, service, and atmosphere. My favorites are the Greenway IPA and Smoked Amber.
5	As some other commenters indicate, the fact that CLT has gotten all these new breweries lately is awesome.  As a note, I am a bit of an impartial observer being a lifelong beer lover.  Each place is unique and I feel btwn the five I mainly go to, each has something for everyone.Triple C is fantastic, the beer is excellent and the selection is wide and varied.  I chose one of their IPA's though I don't recall the name.  As with any respectable brewery, you can sample their brews until you find one you like. I enjoy a place with some entertainment outside of TVs and music.  They have a fooseball table which is always fun, if you catch me there, let's play a game.  Cornhole outside, I heard they had ping pong but did not see a table.  Wasn't looking to eat during my visit but there was a food truck.  Will definitely go back.
4	Hands-down, my favorite local brew. They have a really wide selection and a cool bar set-up. It is a great place for a weeknight pint or a weekend hang-out with friends. I will definitely be a regular!
4	The fella is a hardcore beer nerd, so we stopped by Triple C before dinner last night.  It was only our second visit, but we'd been trying to get back since our first visit was so great.As a non beer drinker, I'm kind of amazed that I love Triple C as much as I do.  The place was hopping at 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon, and there were people playing ping pong outside, people playing foosball inside, dogs roaming around inside and outside, and TVs playing the NCAA games.  Talk about a feast for my people-watching eyes!  As others have said, the inside is comfortable and inviting with long, picnic-style tables for large groups (or making new friends) and separate tables for smaller groups with a view of the tanks behind large, glass walls.  I also love that there's usually a food truck on site for snacks.Fella loves the Baby Maker Double IPA, and he also tried the Smoked Amber yesterday.  He's excited about the beers they have, and is looking forward to them potentially getting inventive and making some new ones soon.  It's in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood, so I'm definitely more inclined to head there during the day, but it's got great beer (according to the fella), great energy, great people and great dogs!
4	My favorite brewery in CLT. They seem to focus more on hoppy beers - which are my favorite. I'm not a big pale ale person but I highly recommend the Light Rail. For IPA lovers definitely go for the Greenway. I've never tried their baby maker - 8.5% abv would put me to bed early - but it's not my list. Great atmosphere
4	Really fresh beers brewed on site, some really spicy like the Ragin Cajun'. Lots of space and plenty of seating both indoor and outdoor on their fenced in patio.They have live bands weekly and corn hole competition on occasion, a mixed crowd of Urbanites and friendly people. Try the Babymaker, my fave!Very Pet friendly unless it's your pet Orangutan that burps loudly.and generaly frequented by food trucks, no food sold inside.
4	Staying in uptown Charlotte on Business?  Why not jump on the Lynx lightrail and head to the New Bern stop, and walk a few blocks and you are at Triple C for some a good beer tasting.  They have a nice large tasting room and an outdoor patio which is very dog friendly.  The beer?  I tried a taster flight (they highlight the standard flight of 4, but you can negotiate to try different ones as I normally don't like the lighter ones).  The beers are pretty solid.  My tasting notes:*  Smoked Amber - very good and sessionable*  Greenway IPA - smooth, and not too hoppy for an IPA*  3C IPA - this one had some great hops for us hopheads*  Rajin Cajun Stout - I don't know what I was thinking with the name, but this one surprised me as how spicy hot it is.
4	Having recently relocated to Charlotte from Denver, we were itching to scope out the beer scene. Triple C was the first brewery we checked out. Dog friendly, TVs in the tasting room. Cornhole, ladder ball and tables outside. You'll often find a food truck parked outside dishing up tasty dishes. Plus it's walking/stumbling distance from our new place. Win.
2	If only they spent as much time on their beer as the did their decor... Didn't really care for the atmosphere, way too many roaming dogs off leash.  Not a fan of the beer but hope they'll get it right with time.
5	I FINALLY found this place! lol I have literally tried to find Triple C three times so far and it looks like the fourth time was the charm... It was a rainy day but the warmth inside totally made up for the sad and drizzly exterior... I love the primarily wood look in the space... It gives it this really laid back charm... There's plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, so this has got to be a great place to meet up with friends...The bartender Leigh Marie was incredibly friendly and helpful... She hooked me up with an awesome $6 flight with the Golden Boy, Light Rail Pale Ale, Smoked Amber and the Greenway IPA... I already knew my favorite was the Smoked Amber, but it was great to taste a few more and I think the Light Rail Pale is my second favorite now... You're able to bring your puppies in, I saw a few families with cute little ones scurrying about and they even have a pretty cool foosball table in the middle of the taproom... I've heard they have food trucks stop by a lot and that is some really good news... Now that I know where the fun is, I can't wait for summer at this place! I'm glad I didn't stop looking... lol
4	Great beer and a fun tasting room!  It was packed for happy hour and is a great addition to the Charlotte craft beer scene!
4	Tucked into an otherwise unassuming warehouse district, straddling the line between Southend and South Tryon Street sits this most handsome and accessible craft brewery, where the beer is fresh and wicked tasty.  While the immediate neighborhood might not be much to look at, this is definitely one book to investigate beyond the cover.Just a step inside the tasting room is enough to wow.  Plenty of handsomely finished wood tables of all different sizes: perfect for parties of 2 or twelve.  A floor to ceiling wall of glass separates you from the large fermentation tanks and the actual brewery operations.  Very cool to see folks working on the next batch of beer while sit back and sip in style.  You'll find the daily beer options on large black chalkboards behind a large and handsome wooden bar.  I like that they list out the ABV (alcohol by volume), as some of the selections are more the double the alcohol of a regular beer! A handful of TVs also grace the walls here, so it's possible to watch the game and enjoy your brew too. This brewery is quite dog-friendly too.  It's not unusual to see some neighborhood four-legged friends wandering both indoors and out.  All part of the lassies-faire vibe that runs through here and extends to most of the patrons coming out to share a pint or two.The outside has recently been updated to a nice patio/garden feel with a number of picnic tables with umbrellas for the warmer months.  You might even find a lawn game or 2 to pass the time.  Most nights you'll also likely find a food truck pulled up alongside the gate, so do check with the brewery's social media to get the latest updates.  Makes it very tempting to do dinner and wash it down with something fresh from the tap!As for the beer, well, it's pretty darn good, with a handful of unique options, such as the smoked amber.  It's not my forte, but it's also not something you can go pick up down on the corner shop.  Most pints go for about $4 and growlers can be purchased or refilled on the spot.  I am found of the IPAs, however, with special mention going to their 'Baby Maker" Double IPA.  Served in a brandy snifter, this bad boy packs a punch and begs to be sipped slowly, especially clocking in at an impressive 8.5% APV.
5	The most dog friendly location in Charlotte bar-none.Dogs are inside, outside, hanging out, walking around, they come up to greet you while you drink in the fenced in (Not completely, keep them on a leash if your dog is a runner) patio. I have no idea who owns this dog but it really wants to snuggle up to my legs. Big bowls of water outside for our furry friends to drink while we drink a babymaker or three.Its a dog park with excellent beer. Very nice tasting room, casual, friendly, an enjoyable afternoon spot. For beer reviews check Beer Advocate tastes vary and I won't try to force mine on yours, this location however is inarguably great*.* Unless you have a dog allergy
4	I went to triple C this Saturday. I loved their Hefeweizen !!!!
5	Love Triple C and would recommend it to anyone looking for a happenin brewery. The place is quite large for a brewery but makes it easy to grab a beer and hang out at one of the many tables or bar. I've always seen 8 beers on draught so plenty to choose from. The 3C is smooth with hints of citrus and loved trying it out for the first time last week.The Light Rail Pale Ale is by far my favorite and one of their best sellers... easy to see why once you sip a pint. The Baby Maker IPA is a regular order of my friend Brandi and I dig it as well. I typically don't do IPAs... just don't care for the taste... and stick with the lighter options. Yet, Baby Maker is different - better all around taste and no bitter almost metallic end like most IPAs. If you are looking to try a few styles, ask for the flight as you get to choose any 4 flavors. They have recently added free pretzels with a tasty spicy mustard but if you are craving something a bit more you can commonly find a food truck posted up outside. Parking is the only downside - typically don't have an issue but the busier nights leave you wandering around for a bit longer. There is a small lot on the backside of the brewery but it fills up quickly. Oh! And you can bring your pups to the bar. Love it  : )  Excited to try the new seasonal brews coming out - see you soon, Triple C!
5	This is a wonderful brewery and local haunt when I don't want to cook.During the week there is a different food truck setup after 6 pm I believe.Ok, Ill be honest, I am not really much of a beer drinker. ( I am more of a boat drinks type of guy) I can always fine a beer that I like to drink. Oh yea and the really great thing this place is DOG friendly! Dexter can walk around and meet everyone there.Just and update...All dogs on the inside of the building must have their leashes on.
5	This is a super dog friendly, new-ish, local brewery. We came here on Friday night and took the light rail down. Can't comment on parking. It's just a short walk off the lightrail through an industrial neighborhood. Weird location but I guess you have to start somewhere.There was a food truck outside, but since we already ate (see my review of Vida), we just drank. My husband got the Double IPA Babymaker (actually, I believe he got 2). As a newlywed couple without kids, we had alot of fun making fun of that drink name. I had the smoked amber. I thought the smoked amber was just ok, but I loved the double IPA. So good. We were actually playing rock paper sissors at the end of the night to see who could get the last sips of the Babymaker. The brewery is pretty cool. They also have a decent size warehouse where they hold events (been to a few before and they had beer, music, food, cornhole, etc). Chill place plus you get to play with dogs!My only complaint about this place is that they close so early. They close at 9....even on the weekends. On Friday, when they called last call, there were still 25-30 people at the place. Totally losing a bunch of money by closing so early. We would have chilled there for another hour or so and bought more beer.
3	I finally had a chance to come out this past weekend and I'm glad I did.  The day we were there, there was a party going on so I think it might have been more crowded than usual.  Otherwise I think this place would be a great drop in spot to come and have a few and relax without all the people crowding the overall small space.The beers they produce don't rank very high with me and that's just a personal preference.  I think those that prefer stouts and more malt in their beers will love their brews.  No food here but there is typically a food truck parked right outside for when hunger hits.
5	Good Craft Beers and A Good Hang OutWe stopped by Triple C on Halloween night to grab some thing to drink.  We just happened to be in costume.  Upon arrived we were happily greeted by the staff and other partons in costume as well,  talk about a Good Initial Vibe.  This is a good south-end hang out, with plenty of drinking space inside (HUGE Wooden Tables) and out.  The prices are the standard craft beer fare.  Check it out and pick a local brew that you think you'll like. I look to this place to continue to grow to be a hot spot.  They were dog friendly as many dogs and dog owners were chilling around .  However they make sure that the dogs don't bother you if you don't want them all up in your stuff.I think the host a 5k run along the light rail track too. That might be something to look into in the future.
5	Five star beer! Five star service! Four star location.I've enjoyed the Triple C products in a few different drinkeries around town and always been impressed. So when Jeff sent me an invite to an event here (the Panthers game), I decided that it was time to get the beer right from the tap.A few tables and a bar for drinking, but there's no food here. Yes, they sometimes have food trucks come along and that's awesome. But if you're looking for a meal with their great fresh beers (like they do at OMB), then you might be disappointed.I loved the Cajun spice beer and the Golden Boy Blonde is excellent. Try them all.It's within walking distance to the New Bern Lynx station.Yes, they sell and fill growlers.
4	Finally made it to Triple C...I agree with the other reviews this is a pretty cool place. I'd definitely recommend a a Flight for the newbies. It's a very generous four beer sample. I let the bartender chose for me because all the options sounded delicious! I was more than pleased with his selections.  My favorite was the Smoked Amber. It offered such a unique taste. There's plenty of large tables, it's dog friendly and there's a food cart on standby. I'm sure I'll find my way back here...soon!
5	I'm a product of Kalamazoo, MI, where I was 'raised' on good craft beer at Bell's Brewery & it took me a long time to even compare any other brewery to my beloved hometown brews. However, my first sip of Triple C - I knew I was in trouble. This place has grown to be my second favorite brewery, my #1 favorite in Charlotte - and it has my favorite porter of all time - Up All Night Breakfast Porter (and the bourbon barrel aged addition is STELLAR)! Absolutely love the atmosphere, their beer & their love of dogs. Chris & Scott are great guys - as is everyone else I've come in contact with at the brewery. They all seem happy to do what they do & be where they are & they should!I've also had an event in their warehouse space, in which they were awesome...super willing to help us out & were just overall wonderful to work with.I'm a bit of a beer connoisseur (I hate the term "beer snob") and I say hands down - this is my favorite beer place in town.
5	Great location.  They don't really sell food so dogs are AOK and there will be plenty of them so you'd better like dogs.But onto the beer...They have more selection than I had given them credit for.  I thought they always sided on the hoppy side and I don't, but they have a couple good porters, 1 hoppy and 1 not so much.They have a big tasting area inside (much bigger than NoDa) and OK space outside and often have a food truck.Their beer consistency seems to be pretty good these days although I don't have as much experience with them as I do with OMB, but Triple C's Road to Nowhere has replaced other local beers in my glass where it is offered!Great job!
5	Awesome feel to this place inside and out. Dogs are welcome and normally will find quite a few hanging out. Only their own craft beer here. Often you will find a food truck out front. Wednesday nights they do pilot batch releases but it normally runs out so get there early. Yoga dude does class on Thursday nights and there is also a running club. All workers are very nice and will make your visit fun.
5	After a short brewery tour in Charlotte, Triple C was far and away our favorite.  With a nice taproom and very friendly staff and a stable of solid brews, it was hard not to like the place.  Good selection, a few interesting styles (e.g. smoked red), and well-crafted beer all around.
5	Love this brewery. Love the staff, the beer, the music, and the fellowship that accompany a tasty brew. I think they're doing the best out of the local breweries as far as consistency in their craft goes. Tuesday nights are good fun, a disc putting league with a $5 buy in will serve as great entertainment- regardless of your level of disc golfing expertise. Oh yeah, you can bring your doggies too!
5	Frequent visitor. This place is great.  The staff is always friendly and willing to give you samples. If you don't like being around dogs, this might not be the place for you, but I personally think it's a nice touch. Beers are great!
4	Greenway, 3C, Smoked Amber ... all great choices from this outstanding South End brewery. Spacious and comfortable, with lots of tables inside and a dog-friendly patio just outside. Great service, too -- they didn't hesitate to let me sample some of the 10 beers they had on tap. I'm not a big fan of breweries (I usually like some food with my beer), but Triple C is a great spot to meet friends for a few pints.
5	With the worst website site all the larger brewery Charlotte I'm almost didn't go.  But I am glad I did on a lovely Saturday afternoon.   The staff was great and helpful about the city.    So we sampled Road to Nowher, Smoked Amber, Greenway IPA,  Hyder Hefe, and the Force Tripel.  All the beers were good but their Tripel stood out to me.  Great indoor and outdoor space.  Parking was a little confusing but not bad.
4	Went on a Wednesday for the tour and the weekly small batch on tap. The Mooberry was amazing (blueberry milkstout). Papi Queso parks outside so you can have a delicious grilled cheese with your beer. If you are allergic to dogs or don't like them, this might not be the place for you. There were at least a dozen dogs with a few offleash. A dog went #2 right in the middle of the picnic tables. Not appealing.
5	Another amazing brewery in Charlotte.  I've been enjoying their beer at many local restaurants since moving to the area so it was nice to finally stop by the actual brewery.  We arrived about 15 minutes before they opened so we were worried we'd either be told to wait until they opened or get dirty looks for being "those people" that can't tell time.  Neither of which happened, the staff was very friendly and took great care of us!  I'm not going to harp on how good the beer was.  I think most of you already know that.  I tried a flight of 4 different beers that were all amazing:  3C IPA, Smoked Amber, Road to Nowhere Porter, and the Paradise Saison.  My favorite was probably the Smoked Amber.  It was definitely a smooth beer that was deliciously smoky!The TV was nice as we arrived just in time to watch the Brazil vs Croatia World Cup match.  This along with a larger space push Triple C above Bird Song in my book.  Both are excellent though.
5	This is an incredible brewery in Charlotte. Triple C is a great place to come get a pint after work, play some foosball with some friends, or catch a game on their multiple big screens. I went to Triple C for the first time yesterday (Independence Day) and was immediately impressed. I walked in overwhelmed by the big space that they had for the bar and tasting room. While leaning over the bar, pondering what beer I was going to sample first, a man standing to the side of the bar began to chat me up. I later realized that this was one of the owners of the place. He let me know that I should try a flight, so that I could get a good feeling for all of their different types of beers. He also let me know that they had a special release for the Fourth of July. The name of this beer was "Coming in Hop", and he informed me that it was an IPA that was aged in bourbon barrels. Taking the owner's advice, my girlfriend and I got the flight and the "Coming in Hop" to sample and share. Triple C has a lot to offer as far as beers go, and no matter what style of beer you enjoy, Triple C will have something for you. In my flight, I tried their Porter, Smoked Amber, Greenway IPA, and Triple C IPA. They were all solid beers. I'm normally not much for Porters, but this one was smooth, drinkable, and not too heavy. It also still managed to have a nice full flavor to it. My favorite of the flight was the Triple C IPA, which I was informed was their best seller. My least favorite was the Smoked Amber. The "Coming in Hop" was very interesting. It was an IPA with an alcohol content of 10.5%. You would never have guessed by tasting it though. It was not harsh or boozy at all. It also had a very oaky taste that hit you in the back of the throat. Not too hoppy, which was a little disappointing, but it is an interesting release that should be given a try. As noted by other Yelpers, this place is filled with dogs. I don't see this as a negative. All of them were pretty well behaved and just added to the fun atmosphere, in my opinion. They have a nice clean tasting room inside, which has plenty of seating and space to stand and hangout by the bar. They also have a nice area outside with picnic tables and umbrellas. This is an incredible spot to have a beer on a nice warm day. As far as food goes, Triple C almost always has a food truck parked out front. This works out well for the brewery and its patrons. The brewery can focus all of its attention on the beer and the patrons get delicious food from local food trucks. The food truck that was parked out front when I was there was Vito's Pizza. Their food is delicious and they will be getting a review of their own. Triple C is exactly what a brewery should be: a place with a great beer selection, friendly owners and staff, welcoming environment, good atmosphere, and a focus on the local neighborhood. Go get yourself a flight or a pint and check it out for yourself.
3	The owners of Triple C are pretty incredible - though now that I think about it, I'm not sure if I've ever actually run into them while at their place. It's usually somewhere else. That may or may not mean anything, just a thought that ran through my head.When it comes to the beer at Triple C, it is definitely worth exploring if you're into that sort of thing - and some of you probably are or you wouldn't be reading this. There are certainly a few places around Charlotte that have sprung up in the last few years that offer some beers worth exploring, and Triple C is probably one that should be on the short list.The atmosphere of Triple C is something like a cross between a Viking long house, a no-kill animal sanctuary, a German biergarten and a Central American country where they ran out of money to finish building stuff (this last one will probably be taken care of soonish, as the buildings nearby are completed).For one, it's not the easiest place to find, being nestled between all sorts of buildings, rather than out on a main road, like Heist or NoDa. The building itself is very open, with long tables where you can gather, and there are often plenty of dogs running about. Not sure why this is, and it can be disconcerting - even though I love dogs, it can get unruly at times.Still, it's worth checking out, and you can pick them up all around Charlotte, in bottle or on tap, with both options being easily found via map on their web site, if you don't want to - or can't - get to their place.
4	This is one of the good breweries in Charlotte.  They have a nice selection of IPAs, Belgians, porters, pale ales, and even a pilsner for the masses.  I have yet to have a bad beer here.  They even grow some of their own hops they use to brew their beer.  The inside is a good size with a bar and several tables plus three tv's for sports.  They offer complimentary pretzels, potato chips, and cold water.  It is also VERY dog friendly; it is the dog brewery in Charlotte.  Dogs are allowed inside on a leash.  There are mutt mitts outside for cleaning up after your dog.The only suggestion I have for this place is FANS!  It was very warm in there today and was a little uncomfortable.  Please install them in the ceiling and it will earn you five starts.
4	Triple C was a nice surprise! They have a very good selection of beers, a friendly staff, and plenty of seating. Hint, Hint, on the seating, other Charlotte Breweries. There are both indoor and outdoor tables (again, plenty of them). They are very dog friendly as well. I'm an IPA drinker, and enjoyed the 3C IPA and the "Coming in Hops" IPA. My finace really enjoyed the Golden Boy brew as well. Overall, great place to hang out, especially when the weather is nice. They often have music events, food trucks etc. Be sure to check their schedule, seems like there is always something going on.
5	I love beer, local beer that is. The Baby Maker Double IPA is my favorite. Golden Boy Blonde is great too if you're looking for something lighter. Also, they have an event space in the back. Which is great if you're looking for a place for a fashion show, a networking event, or even a wedding!
5	I live right down the road from Triple C and I am literally here all the time with my roommates and friends. Our favorites range from the Road to Nowhere Porter, Golden Boy, and the Baby Maker Double IPA. The staff is amazing and we have come to know them as friends rather than just bartenders. If you love local beer that is extremely tasty, then look no further.In regards to location, it is nestled behind the Silos South End Apartments so you cannot see it from the road, and there is a parking lot behind the brewery. You can't miss it once you see it!
5	Triple C is probably my favorite brewery in Charlotte, and definitely the one I visit most. They have a variety of delicious beers on tap and lots of seating indoors and out, a handful of TVs inside if you want to catch a game, and rotating food trucks parked outside.At 6:30 on Thursdays, the run club takes to the rail trail for an out-and-back and a yoga instructor leads practice in the warehouse. The taproom and patio can get pretty crowded Thursday nights (especially when you add in all the dogs) but yoga followed by a tasty craft brew is my favorite weeknight activity now. One note about the dogs: Triple C does have a rule that all dogs must be on a leash, but I've never really seen this enforced, and there are always at least a couple pooches running around off-leash.
5	With all the new breweries opening up in Charlotte, there is mad competition:  who's got the best beer, who has the best tap room, who has the best food to pair with their beer.... so many "bests" and in my mind Triple C has really checked that list off.  When they first opened, I believe they had the best tap-room space and layout - at the time most brewery tap rooms catered to more of a "functional space" = tight, not too warm, drink-your-beer-and-go spaces.  The combination of large tables, warm wood, and a dog friendly atmosphere makes Triple C's tap room a fun visit. Food-wise, Triple C does not have their own kitchen, but smartly brought the kitchens in the form of mobile food trucks to them!  It's pretty great to have a "rotating menu" and the staff can really focus on delivering the beer, making it the best it can be, and not really have to divide their attention to food prep.Now the best part:  BEER!  The Baby Maker has become a real "go-to" beer for me which is super fun, but they have a wide selection of beers to choose from and a great seasonal/special selection as well.  The other day I had a rum-barrell-aged The Force, which was spectacular at 8.8% - it was like dogs cuddling with cats in your mouth.  If you don't like the high alcohol content beers, they have plenty of light beers to choose from and definitely more dark, heavy beers like stouts or black IPAs.Extracurricular(s):  Thursday evenings there is a Triple C run group that meets at 6:30pm to run along the light rail corridor.  It's a great run (fairly flat) and what is not better than a celebratory beer to undo.. I mean re-hydrate.. I mean celebrate being fit and active.  Also on Thursdays, the Yoga Dude comes by for a one hour yoga class for $5 and you get a free beer after class.  Overall, I think Triple C is here to stay as one of the major "players" in the Charlotte brew scene.  My opinion his that a lot of breweries took some notes on Triple C and really focused on creating warm, inviting tap spaces....  with all the competition, it's only going to get better for beer lovers in Charlotte.
4	Of the three Charlotte breweries I visited this one had my favorite beers and the best variety of beer.  A got a flight (you can choose 4 beers to try) and I enjoyed the Smoked Amber, the Greenway IPA and the Nowhere Porter.  I'm not normally an amber fan, but the Smoked Amber had nutty, cocoa, hint-of-smoke flavors that made it very easy drinking.  I didn't like the seasonal Black IPA; it was bitter without the toasty malt flavor you would expect in a black IPA.
5	Very chill spot with a large outdoor patio area and a good sized banquet seating area in the tasting room. Occasional live music on the weekends makes for a great after work/pre late night spot as closing is at 9pm. Great beer selection for the craft novice or the seasoned drinker. My personal favorite is the Greenway IPA! Friendly knowledgeable staff and a great environment. A must go in the South End.
5	This is what a brewery should be. I came here for the first time on the same day I took some family members to Olde Mecklenburg. Talk about night and day! While OMB has a whopping four beer choices, Triple C commits themselves to a variety of offerings, including experimental ones (like the awesome The Dude Imbibes on nitro). The taproom itself is a nice, welcoming place to have a beer. The patio area is nice as well. Having a rotating selection of food trucks is a great solution to a limited (aside from pretzels) in-house food selection.This is going to be my go-to brewery in Charlotte.
4	Someone suggested Triple C as a possible next stop when we had been listing the breweries we visited during our trip, so that very evening we hopped on the train to see what it was all about.Well, first we saw what looked like a hundred people running AWAY from the brewery as we were the only people going TOWARDS it. But that turned out to be an actual thing, the bartender said they'd be back in force pretty soon.  So we ordered a flight to try out a selection of beers, then picked two others and took those outside to claim a table while we still could.Triple C has a pretty classic brewery style to it, industrial on the outside and sort of rustic/functional inside, with a bunch of picnic tables outside for additional seating. We enjoyed all of the sampled beers, and I especially loved the seasonal Lebowski-themed stout "The Dude Imbibes", which wasn't available as a part of the flight but I ordered anyway because I just had to.The brewery is VERY dog friendly, which was great, but once or twice I saw a completely unattended dog wandering around. One young puppy tried to make an escape out to the street, but being near the exit I called it over to me and played with it for a few minutes before someone finally came to look for him.  That could have ended badly. If you're going to bring your dog here, please keep them on a leash so you don't lose track of them.
3	This is a hard review to write.  I want to be a fan of this place, I really do. It's on the train line home, it's close to my house, the folks are nice, the dogs are great....I could do without all the kids running around on Saturday, but..hey....I feel comfortable about going alone for a pint, and grabbing something to eat.  Even when it's crazy busy, there's a place to sit and hear the music or relax.  The reason that I may never go back again.....I was completely invisible last night.  Completely.  I woke up this morning shaking my head and looking in the mirror.  I am not translucent, I promise.  I could not get a beer.  I could not get a bartender to even see me.  It wasn't busy, I made eye contact with 3 people.  Money in my hand.  Standing.  and waiting.  and waiting.  My friends had no problem, so obviously it was just me.  Finally the female bartender actually asked me if i needed something.  The second beer trip was almost as bad.  SMH....Folks were friendly, stopping by the tables asking if things were good, happy cheerful goodnight's when we  left.  I guess it's just me.
5	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, even better beer and we can bring our pup. And to top it all off, the owner has an beard that won't quit!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
5	I've become a fan of the Triple C Babymaker, Double IPA. Normally stocked around in the Rivergate area at Harris Teeter or The Wine Shop, but lately not available. So, I decided to make the trip down to the Brewery. I got there right at 4 pm, so there were only a few people there. It was very cool place. The staff very friendly. I bought the BM Bombers and decided to try their new seasonal, White Blaze. I really liked the brew, with the mix of Cinnamon and Vanilla Beans. I'm looking forward to a trip down to the Taproom just to hang out and try a beer flight in the near future.
