4	The best combination of good Mexican food and reasonable prices that I've experienced in Pittsburgh so far.At 3:30/4:00ish, there was a handful of people in the restaurant.  Staff were friendly and efficient.  I ordered the chiles poblanos ($9.50).  My dining companions ordered El Combo ($12.50) and the Burritos Deluxe ($9.95).  The chiles poblanos came out steaming hot (actually too hot to eat), along with rice and beans.  Instead of red enchilada sauce on top, they had sour cream, which was interesting.  The cheese wasn't quite as melty as I like it, but they were still some of the best chiles rellenos I've had in Pittsburgh.  (Cuzamil's are good, but they're also $14.50 for 2.)  El Combo was so big that half of it got boxed.  There was a taco, a chile relleno, a tostada, two enchiladas, and rice and beans.  The burritos deluxe were fork-and-knife affairs, since they came out covered in enchilada sauce, lettuce, tomato, and sour cream.They sort of nickel-and-dime you for some things -only the first basket of chips & salsa is free, you only get 3 refills on sodas (but their glasses are huge), that type of thing.  However, there have been $5 off $25 and $10 off $50 coupons in the last two Clipper magazines, and when I was Googling the address I came across a printable coupon.  Supposedly they have happy hour from 4-6.  They have a full bar, a good selection of Mexican and domestic beers, and two big TVs.Not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but it's good for Pittsburgh, and - more importantly - it's affordable.  I would definitely recommend coming here.
2	Ugh, not a fan.  First off, my husband and I had pretty awful service while the large, loud, drunken table next to us had at least three waiters pouring shots from tequila bottles at their table.  The place is pretty tiny, and I could barely hear myself think.The food was bland and mediocre, and we ordered a huge mango margarita to share.  I'm not sure if it had alcohol in it at all, and it tasted like oranges.  (Maybe that other table didn't save any tequila for us.)I would recommend this place only if you are here with a large group to party.  If you want to have a nice dinner with someone, go somewhere else.
3	I was excited to discover this place as it looks promising... The chips and salsa were excellent, but the food was unfortunately only so-so. I tried the chicken enchiladas and fajitas, and while both were decent neither was worth repeating. I will probably try this place again in the future but order something different and perhaps try the margaritas.
5	This is by far one of the best places to eat if you like good quality Mexican food!The overall quality of the food here is amazing! The ingredients that they use (Beef, Chicken, Produce) are all very fresh and of above average quality. Their Chorizo is very, very good! Top notch!As for Tequila, there is a vast selection to choose fromThey have a true passion for Tequila and are willing to share that with you if you have the interest. It is a really great place to learn more about this special spirit.The staff has always been very friendly and helpful! And the price is amazingly affordable!I have been to many types of Mexican restaurants across the country. From "fast food" type to full blown to "Empty your wallet" style.  The Gran Agave is as good as any I have ever tried! Don't take my word for it, give it a try yourself.*hint* ask for a taste of "901"
5	Gran Agave is definitely in my top three Mexican restaurants in the burgh.Atmosphere:  The restaurant itself isn't huge, but it's festively decorated, with plenty of seating.  Weekends are very popular, and they don't take reservations.  So I suggest checking it out on weeknight or for lunch.Staff:Amazing!  They are very attentive, and know their customer.  They are always willing to please, and I've never had bad service here. Food:Of course this is why we go.  Delicious, fresh, and authentic.  I always order the chicken fajitas, or the chicken mole.  First of all the portions are HUGE.  My fiance and I typically share a platter and an appetizer.  Their chips are fresh, and the salsa is extremely good.  I've never had a bad experience with the food here.  Like they say in their menu, Mexican food is not spicy.  However being the Indian I am...I always ask for hot sauce, and they are always willing to oblige.  They have a house-made habanero sauce, that you can ask for by special request.  It's deadly good.
4	Time of Visit:  Dinner around 7 on a Sunday Night @ the Waterfront (and it was nice outside)Not too crowded, we were seated immediately!In fact, we were originally seated @ a table and a manager asked us if we'd prefer a booth instead (well, of course!).  So he had a table bused and moved up immediately.Service:  Wasn't bad, but I think our waiter was new.  There were other waiters that seemed to be really on top of it and the manager that moved us was very nice!!  Our waiter wasn't "bad" by any means, we didn't want for anything, he just lacked personality.Atmosphere:        Small restaurant, about 10-15 booths surrounding the perimeter of the restaurant and a handful of tables in the middle.There was a cute bar area too with tall chairs.  They do have a Full Bar; it was clearly stocked with many different types of liquors.As a whole, this place is VERY clean!!   (as were the bathrooms!  Yay!)Food:          Very generous portions and flavorful!I'd recommend the Fundito Pollo (its basically a Chicken Chimichanga);Oh!  Get the sour cream "on the side"; trust me... it was COVERED! LOLMy husband got a beef burrito (which he said was probably the best he'd ever had) and a taco which was also good.Pricing:       Not bad @ all!   For the both of us our bill was just a tad over $25 and, as I mentioned earlier, the portions were very generous!
5	Love, love, love Gran Agave!  By far the best Mexican food in Pittsburgh, and on par/above lots of Mexican food I've had down South.  I've tried nearly everything on their menu, and have loved it all.  In particular, the carnitas,  tacos and quesadillas are delicious.  Their food always tastes fresh, and it's not too greasy or smothered in cheap cheese.  At the bar they have a serious variety of tequilas, as well as beers; and the owner makes his own margarita mix, so no yucky neon green bottles of mix here.  For me, though, I go with a paloma every time. The one thing I would change is having to pay for the second batch of chips and dip, but I guess I can't always get what I want ;)
4	Nice little place in the Waterfront. Pleasant helpful service. Great for a quick bite or drinks and quality Mexican cuisine with friends.
2	There is truly a lack of good Mexican food in Pittsburgh and Agave doesn't really give itself anything to rave about. The service was good, the place is a good size and there was no wait on a Saturday night. These are all good things about this place. Bad thing, and the most important: The food just didn't cut it. I left, unsatisfied and craving better Mexican food. The fi on the other hand loved it. Maybe I'm just too picky.
4	This was my first time at Gran Agave and I went at lunch with my husband. Being from TX any time I spot a new-to-me Mexican place I have to try it.We both ate the complimentary chips and salsa, which were good. My husband ordered the beef burrito with refried beans and rice. He generally doesn't care much for Mexican food, but Mexican being my favorite I drag him everywhere. He liked everything he had here. I ordered the number 8 off the regular menu (they have a small lunch menu) which consisted of an enchilada (in my case, beef), tamales, rice, and refried beans. Though it is a simple thing I was delighted to see they had tostadas as a lot of places in Pittsburgh don't. I added a tostada with just cheese on it to my order. I meant the creamy nacho/ dip type cheese, but the melted white shredded cheese was good. The beans were good and obviously freshly made, not your generic mass ordered premade stuff. The rice was good, though not my favorite ever. The enchilada was a good and familiar taste like the ones I had growing up in west Texas. What I really liked though was the tamale. It reminded me of home. The way it was made reminded me of the homemade tamales my dad used to buy from his coworkers. Though the beef and pintos on top were good I quickly scraped them off to get to that old familiar taste. I am getting a plate of tamales next time we go there.
4	Whenever I'm at the waterfront I crave the huge portions of fajitas that are served in this establishment! One order is plenty for two, just order extra tortillas. As far as authentic Mexican dishes I haven't tried enough of them to know but it seems more like Tex Mex which is still super YUM! So far Pittsburgh has yet to show me the real deal.Let's talk drinks! Lots of tequila choices or freshly muddled mojitos. The pitchers of Sangria and Margaritas are very reasonable and not made from mixes. They seem to be bottomless too! Whew get some dinner or a designated driver for the ride home. In the summer you can sit outside and enjoy the fountain and people watch. Perfect for Fajita Friday, Sangria Saturday, or a lazy Sunday funday afternoon!
3	I had high hopes for Gran Agave due to all of the 4 and 5 star reviews. JB and I went for lunch this weekend, there were no booths available so we were seated at a table which had what has to be considered the most uncomfortable chairs ever. No cushion, just wicker. But we weren't there for comfort, we were there for the food so let me move on. The complimentary chips and salsa were good, chips were warm and not greasy. For my entree I ordered the vegetarian sopes, I got 3 of them and a bowl of rice. The rice was teetering on the dry side, but it was edible and the sopes were a bit bland but nothing some salt and hot sauce couldn't fix. JB opted for a beef burrito which he liked but wasn't blown away by. The service was slow, maybe better categorized as neglectful, our waiter walked by several times without taking our order even though our menus were on the table signifying that we were ready to order. When he finally came, he skipped us and went to the adjacent table instead. No smiles, no "thank you for coming", the waiters were just turning tables. Despite uncomfortable seating and lackluster service, we'll most likely give Gran Agave another try.
4	This place goes against tradition. usually when I go into mexican places and they are nice and well kept....it sucks. This place is awesome tho, the inside is decorated with some great murals, nice tables, cozy bar. The portions are huge and the prices are great. The only thing that I don't absolutely love about this place is the margarita prices. I find them a little steep. Its a great place to go for dinner though and I highly reccomend it.
4	On a hot summer day, three high school friends ventured to try Gran Agave at the waterfront, and boy were they happy! We needed a place to catch up, have some great food and enjoy the atmosphere we were in, we decided to go to Gran Agave and see what the hype was all about! I must say living in Pittsburgh for all of my 26 years, I don't think I had Mexican food that I felt was just so goood! It was authentic, delicious and scrumptious! The moment we walked in we were greeted with a kind and courteous staff, we immediately were attended to with drinks and Delicious HOT and crispy chips and salsa. The salsa is not like your regular chi-chi's salsa you get at the grocery store either, it is savory and has a little bit of a kick to it! We ordered the cheese dip to go along with our chips and the cheese just melted in your mouth. It didn't taste processed or had many preservatives. We also decided to split the Chicken Quesadilla and boy I am glad we did because the portion size is huge and we were definitely full after doing that! What a great place at the Waterfront! :)
4	You get a lot of food for a decent price. Interesting vibe to the place. Food is pretty good. Haven't had the DD yet to be able to try the 60oz delicious looking margaritas.
3	Devil sauce is so spicy!!
4	This place is so good that my boyfriend had to limit how often we went so that we could try other places in Pittsburgh.  Just writing this makes me want to go there for dinner tonight.  Best Mexican food i've ever had.I love the Nachos Gran Agave, the Queso, the Taco Salad, and ALL of the Enchiladas are yummy.   And as for the margaritas....they are large and potent!  Mango is my personal favorite.
1	I went to Pittsburg back in April so this is an old review that never was published. Food was mediocre,  there was no flavor in the food. I ordered a taco salad, and it was so oily and the meat was extremely sauce. My sister order the enchiladas and she didn't enjoy it because it too was tasteless. The only thing we enjoyed were the tortilla chips and salsa that was complimentary with our meal. I was disappointed that we didn't go to Panera Bread instead and would have had a healthier meal.
2	2.5 stars is more like it -- but  I can't give it 3, I want to cause the servers are all super nice, but the food. Man the food isn't very special -- and some of it was bad. I've been here a few times, that said, the only thing I have gotten that was wonderful were the chips and salsa that they give you for free. 5/5I'm not one to like salty food to begin with, so I usually have the opposite complaint - but I don't think they use any salt or pepper when preparing food. Yes, there is salt on the table, however when fillings are completely unseasoned, sprinkling the top isn't really going to help. In addition, you can't stir the sauce covering enchiladas or burritos, so adding table salt is fruitless. I digress. Yolandas - Chicken was stringy, tasted like uncrisp chicken skin (but was meat) and chewy. Red sauce was flavorless. I wouldn't order it again and I'd advise others to avoid. 1/5Cheese Enchiladas - Corn tortilla that didn't have the typical taste or texture of a corn tortilla. No subtle sweet hint of corn, no  grit -- a whole like like a flour tortilla. Cheese was flavorless. I thought maybe the sauce was drowning out the cheese, but it was also on my beans and I couldn't taste it there either.  Sauce, first of all way too much on the plate probably 2 cups -- and it tasted faintly of metal can, chili powder, and a hint of cayenne. With sauce scraped off 2/5.Beef enchilada - same underwhelming tortilla and sauce as the cheese enchilada with under seasoned beef.  The beef did melt in your mouth - super moist. 2/5Beef taco - stale shell, same under seasoned beef. 0/5 -- because the shell was that horrible.Rice - just like Uncle Ben used to make. Flavorless and no veggies, but cooked well. 2/5Beans - with added salt, they were standard issue. 3/5Guacamole - super flavorful in a sea of bland. 4/5There is a note on the menu about not all Mexican food being spicy - I appreciate that because a lot of people complain if it is not spicy it's not "authentic". I really want to make real clear that isn't what I am talking about. A lot of the food lack any actual flavor - cheese enchiladas tasted just like the beef with a slight textural difference. The rice tasted like it white rice right out of the box. Beans needed salt added to be "ok" tasting. Etc. Etc. Service is usually good, sometimes slow though. Last time, the food came out pretty slow. There were 2 tables of 2-4 people already eating when we arrived, and it took 30 minutes to get food. And one group came in while we were there, so they didn't get swamped.The decor is nice. No dollar store sombreros and real wood stools and benches.
5	LOVE LOVE this place. It is family owned & operated. It's so authentic and I've never had a bad experience. The food is Amazing. Try the cheese dip!! The salsa is home made and very tasty and addicting. The margaritas are killer!!!!! Everything is also very reasonably priced. The service is always very good.  I  Eat here usually once a week. It's always clean  and I love the decor ! It makes me feel like im in mexico as soon as I step in the door. I'd recommend this place to anyone !
5	Best authentic Mexican in Pgh area. This is not a chain restaurant but rather a family run, made from scratch place. Food is great,. Fresh, quality ingredients. Super friendly staff & amazing margaritas!
1	We were out doing some holiday shopping at the Waterfront and famished, decided to try Gran Agave out. My husband loves Mexican food so he was very excited to try them. We arrived with our daughter in tow - she is in a stroller. They did not seem terribly happy to have to accommodate a stroller - they place is fairly small but at 2pm on a Sunday it was maybe half full.  We were seated and given menus and a basket of warm chips and what is presumably house made salsa. Both were outstanding.  I ordered a taco salad with beef tips and black beans and my husband ordered 3 beef soft tacos. The portions were huge - neither of us finished our meals. He really liked his tacos well enough whereas my salad was pretty mediocre. The bottom of the tostada was completely soggy and the beef tips were in some thin, bland liquid that pretty much just felt like water. The whole thing was fairly bland, saved only by the salsa that I scooped over it. We paid for our meal - very reasonably priced and went on our way... then a few minutes later we both felt absolutely horrible. My husband felt like he had lead in his belly and both of us felt completely nauseous. I turned to him and said I just wanted to vomit to get it out of me. A couple hours later when I am writing this I am still feeling very sick. I we agreed that is was easily the worst meal we'd ever had.  I'd not recommend this to anyone and will never go back and I am also really surprised by the number of positive reviews for this place.
4	Tasty authentic Mexican food! Eat lunch here frequently. The home-made chips and salsa are reason enough to come here. Even my picky wife liked it!
3	30 minute wait on a Saturday night during prime time. By the time we were seated the restaurant had calmed down. Our waiter provided good service at the beginning of the meal but then towards the end he came by less frequent that other servers got us to go boxes and cleaned off our tables. I liked how they provided chips and salsa which had a kick. I settled on the carnitas and sadly I was disappointed. The rice and beans were good though I don't have high standards w/ anything with cheese but really the pork though was in mass quantities and was very overcooked. I had a lot of food left over and ended up eating the leftovers for lunch the next day and I had to force the meal down since I did not want to waste. I had high hopes for Gran Agave - my boyfriend loved his margarita and the carne asada and would go back in a heart beat. However seems I struck out that night.
4	We've been to this restaurant 4 different times, 2 for lunch and 2 for dinner. Both times, we were seated quickly and received attentive service. The food is very good and the menu is extensive.This past visit, I asked if I could have shrimp in my burrito instead of chicken and they obliged without hesitation - I was thrilled. And our bill for dinner was still a little under $29 even with leftovers to take home.Parking is plentiful around the corner and there's a nice ambiance to walk around.
4	What's authentic?  I had two white people from Wisconsin tell me that Gran Agave was the most authentic Mexican restaurant in the 'Burgh.  Hmm....of course, he just texted me that he majored in Spanish in college.  Okay, then!I had the chicken w/mole sauce, and the usual fare of burritos, tacos, and empanadas.  The portion sizes are huge.  The food is flavorful, especially the mole sauce.  The service was fine, but I was there for lunch, and there weren't many patrons.  Amazingly, I didn't have a margarita.  I can't remember why not, maybe because I was already drunk.  Or not.Clearly, my vague description of the food categorizes me as a poor reviewer of what is authentic.  I did eat at a Yucatan restaurant once, beside a cenote.  THAT was good.I definitely think it's worth trying, and if we're in the Waterfront area for shopping, we'll probably come here for our lunch/dinner.  What are your other choices: Dave & Buster's?  PF Chiangs?  (Ok, I actually like PF Chiang's a lot.)  Or you could walk across the bridge to Red Robin.  Eh.  I like it here, and I'll come back to get my fix.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  The servers are GREAT!!!  I like to ask for the cheese/sauces on the side so I can make sure the dish is just how I like it.  They are super accommodating and I reccommend this place to everyone - I even gave them shining reviews on my blog: http://soleforthesoul.wordpress.com/2010/10/06/no-words-needed/
4	Quick, friendly service, and decent prices.  TONS of food, which was awesome.  I didn't care for the cilantro-heavy salsa, but that's mostly me.  It was very loud, on account of a few highly intoxicated guys at the bar.  Good place to grab a bite in the shopping center that gets away from the chain joints.
3	This place has a pretty cool atmosphere.  I am not one for Mexican food simply because I try to stay away from carbs as much as I can, so coming here is kind of dumb for me, but I lost the majority vote when we went out to lunch.  I did find myself a very good shrimp cocktail soup thing.  It was pretty price though, but I will admit it was delicious.  I want to come here once I am 21 to have a margarita at the bar!  AY YA AYYAYA AY (Mexican screaming).
4	BEST NACHOS EVER! We make a meal out of them in addition to the endless (free) chips and salsa. Everything else is pretty standard Americanized Mexican... same basic ingredients just wrapped, layered, and cooked different ways. Try the margaritas though, fresh fruit, perfectly balanced. Probably one of the best Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh despite the un-authenticity.
4	Some of the best Mexican food in Pittsburgh. Have not had anything here I have not liked. Thumbs up for the carnitas Verde.
2	Good start with nicely heated chips and salsa that was OK.  Prices are reasonable and you get so much.  Taco was bland with little flavor.  The chili relleno was not what I expected and rather plain.  The refried beans needed a little salt but were OK.  The gauc on the salad was pretty good.  Someone in our group ordered the chicken fajita and it could have served 2 or 3 people.Service was good until we were done, then it was hard to find our waiter to get the check.
5	I am ashamed of myself. I have been going to Gran Agave since they opened and this is the first time I am writing a review? Shame on me. I remember the first time I saw Gran Agave. I hoped in my heart that it was good. I knew it was authentic due to the originality of the name as well as the proper grammar in the name.I. LOVE. THIS. MEXICAN. RESTAURANT.I crave so many things at this restaurant. I try so many Mexican restaurants and I must say that this is not only one of the two top Mexican restaurants in the Pittsburgh metro, but it is also one of my favorite on the East Coast.  There has been a lot of recent change-outs in the servers, but many of them have been there for a while and most of them are super-friendly and helpful. Over the years, the items that we order over and over are:Cheese DipChicken Soup: tomato, onion, avocado on the sideChicken QuesadillaHard Taco: meat and cheese onlyTacos De Carne Asada: Tomatillo Sauce on the sideHot Tamale Fundido: Tomatillo Sauce, No Cheese, Sour Cream on sideFajitas Gran AgaveGran Agave Burrito: Tomatillo Sauce, Steak Only, no lettuce, no cheeseCarnitasDon't worry about ordering anything spice (piquant) here. They will accommodate you, but it doesn't add any appreciable flavor. Nothing here is piquant and I don't care, the flavors are vibrant and abundant. You can get the spicier salsa, but it really only tastes of dried habanero and I am not a fan of most things habanero as it is usually just a very shallow taste. There is a gradation of food here that goes from American to Mexican. The more American (stereotypical Mexican) your meal is, the more bland it will be. Get out of your comfort zone and order something more authentic. It will only help expand your culinary horizons and your happiness. While the more American food is somewhat bland, it is prepared in a way that allows the flavor of the ingredients to come through. I am a fanatic when it comes to their salsa verde (tomatillo sauce). I love tomatillo sauce and Gran Agave has THE BEST tomatillo sauce I have eaten in years and the best one I can still purchase. This sauce is the antithesis of the traditional red sauce that you get at a Mexican restaurant and is authentic. I love the vibrancy and the acidity in the flavor. Ninety percent of the time I am ordering something with the tomatillo sauce, ie. carnitas, tamale fundido.etc.I am also a fanatic when it comes to good tamales. I don't think people realize how difficult it is to find a good tamale. I never thought I would find a better tamale in Pittsburgh than I am able to find in Miami, but I did. Gran Agave's tamale, in my opinion, is second only to Los Cabos in Lawrenceville. Add that tomatillo sauce to the tamale to get the Hot Tamale Fundido, though, and I am in heaven.While I personally tend to steer clear of the American foods, I must admit that I do enjoy the Fajitas Gran Agave. This is the signature fajita dish of this restaurant is is leagues above and beyond any of the other dishes. What makes this dish so much better? They add chorizo. Not just any chorizo, but a really tasty chorizo that imparts its flavor to everything else on the skillet. For those of you that don't know, chorizo is a spiced, Spanish sausage that can run from mild to very piquant. I crave so many things at this restaurant that I know I will continue to make the journey. I would suggest that everyone try this restaurant at least once, especially considering it will make only a minor dent in your wallet.
3	Decent Mexican place at the Waterfront. I have been to Gran Agave a few times, most recently this past weekend. The food is always satisfactory and I have never had to wait for a table. They seem to have all of the basics down, free chips and salsa, large menu, good margaritas and fresh ingredients. The guacamole is always tasty and the mole sauce is on point. The portions are large and filling. The chicken in the tacos and quesadillas taste like it has been slow roasted for several hours. My only criticism is the wait staff. On Saturday, our waiter was visibly unhappy and impatient. Also, another server spilled a tray full of drinks right behind my dining companion and did not apologize or ask if he got wet. All in all, go to Gran Agave for the food, not for the friendly service.
4	I literally stuffed myself like it was my last meal on earth. I think it was because I was massively hungry, but when you have good Mexican food in front of you, it's hard not to shove it in your face. And that I did my friends...Starting with the ritual of gorging myself with chips and salsa. The chips were freshly baked (not sure if they were house made, but it wasn't tostitos time up in herre) and the salsa had a kick. We also ordered up a side of gauc to compliment said gorging. While I enjoy chunky salsa and gauc more, I thought the salsa was way better. Skip the gauc, it was okay, but nothing special. For the main meal I ordered the Shrimp Fajita Salad. It was brought out in what looked like a massively over sized taco shell with all the fixings. Plump shrimp, grilled peppers and onions and enough gauc and sour cream to drown yourself in. I was game. So I ate almost the entire thing, minus the shell, because at that point I was all taco'd out. It was really delicious. If you make somehow make Mexican without flavor, you're doing something wrong. They are doing a-okay here. Side note, I doubt this was by any means a "healthy" salad.I was a bit surprised to see most of the taco's are chicken and beef only, with no substitution. But there are many many choices in the combo section, so I think every palate will be satisfied. Or just come hungry and eat everything on the menu. That's what I felt like I did. Then I was rolled out of the place...
5	The chimichangas are the best thing on the menu. I also highly suggest getting a pitcher of Margarita's, they are amazing!!  I can't wait to go back!
4	Good food, served quickly and accurately and fast to boot.We love going here and I really enjoy it every single time.The only reason I drop one star is that it lacks any sort of options that might even be considered  okay for you.  The food while delicious is pretty bad for you.  If you're counting calories head elsewhere.  Looking for a great way to cheat and get your pants sized worth?  You can do worse than here.Prices are also very reasonable.
4	I was so pleased to find out that in that fake little village that is the Homestead Waterfront, there is an actual family-owned-and-operated restaurant among all the corporates.  It's right next to The Improv, and as far as I'm concerned, it's the best place to have a meal before the show.  I've been there twice now, and even though I've been to some of the best Mexican restaurants in Southern California, this place made me smile.  Want a BIG margarita?  They've got'm.  BIGGER?  They've got'm.  A PITCHER OF MARGARITAS?  Yep, they've got'm.  Great service, an incredible selection of Tequilas that you've never heard of, and yes, really good margaritas. (on the rocks - not frozen.)My experience with the food has been mixed.  The stuffed pablano peppers are awesome.  The fish tacos are superb.  The Carnitas Verde is THE BEST thing I've tried on the menu.  They came up short on their enchiladas.  I would have to say that either somebody blew it in the kitchen the night I had an enchilada, or they just don't know that there is more than just a change of tortilla that differentiates a burrito from an enchilada.  I was a little disappointed (but not surprised) to find out that the beef in the burritos and enchiladas is ground beef, and there didn't seem to be an option for shredded beef.  I will definitely be back to this place to explore more of the menu.
3	Pretty good little Mexican place at the Waterfront.   The chips and salsa were sub-par, fajitas were good, and the drinks were all made very strong!  Overall a good restaurant I would return to, but nothing to get excited about.
5	The best mexican food in Pittsburgh.  My favorites are their enchiladas, the chicken fajitas, and of course the Margaritas.  The even have a diabetic friendly margarita the has less sugar in it!The service has always been good for me and I highly recommend checking Gran Agave out because it is truly a cut above any other mexican food in Pittsburgh.
4	When you get your meals, I would ask for the sauce on the side (just so you can try it before it gets smothered all over your burrito, enchilada, etc).I get number 11 (taco, burrito, and enchilada) all beef.   I also get it without the sauce (I really do not like the sauces they put on the burrito and taco) and order a side of large cheese sauce and just dump it.  It's so yummy!  Also get their sweet tea and fried ice cream!  Definitely get the cheese sauce (under 'Dips') and use it for your chips and meals.  The service I had was also awesome.  Quick, friendly, efficient, and generous.
3	Honestly, pretty run of the mill Mexican Restaurant.  The veggie fajitas were warm, fresh, tasty, but nothing to really write home about.  Portion sizes were beyond adequate.  Seemed like a nice, casual, fun environment.  The chips were nice and warm, which was a plus.  The salsa was the standard watery roja concoction that is typical of many Mexican restaurants.  Not my personal favorite, but still enjoyable.  Service was good.  Honestly, I would have liked my food to have had a bit more of a "kick."  Perhaps more garclic, perhaps more spice in general.
3	I liked Gran Agave a little more than Darren did but was still disappointed since I'd been wanting to come here for a while. The best thing I had was the black bean soup with rice which was very hearty. Darren's churros with ice cream were also decent. My combo #8 came with an enchilada (blah. they use something to stretch out the ground meat in some way, and it tasted funny), a tamale (not bad), Mexican rice (so-so), and fried beans (one bite was enough). The decor was cute though, and our server was really nice and helpful. I don't think I'd want to return.
1	I would not recommend this restaurant. We had bad service; it was very slow, and the restaurant wasn't even crowded. The food tasted like they took it out of the freezer and microwaved it. Mine was half cold; I couldn't even eat. Definitely wont be going here again.
1	Very poor food quality, utterly tasteless hard chips, the so called salsa looked amd tasted like hunts tomato sauce.Food was so bland and Inedible we wasted our money. I doubt a lime was squeezed into their margaritasI'm sure homestead could care less about quality food though
2	I'll start off with the good.  My server was very nice and accommodating of my group's requests.  Prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge.  The decor is fun, festive, and funky.  Kinda makes you forget you're at the Waterfront.  Things really just started to go downhill when the food came out.The fried chips and thin salsa roja didn't have a whole lot of flavor.  I'm not usually one to pass up on a big ol' bowl of chips and salsa, but this starter was just not appealing.I ordered option C from the "Gran Agave Vegetarian Plates" section of the menu: one quesadilla with bean burrito and a chalupa.  I was expecting the quesadilla to be the star of the show, so I was pretty disappointed when I received a flat, tasteless quesadilla filled with nothing but cheese.  Is it too much to ask for some veggies in a vegetarian quesadilla??  The accompanying bean burrito was smothered in sauce, completely drowning the taco shell of the chalupa.  All in all, kind of a mess, and definitely not what I was expecting.My boyfriend ordered the beef flautas, which were extremely dry and tasteless.  My parents, on the other hand, both enjoyed their meals.  But it may have had something to do with the shot of Patron and Dos Equis. Who knows.  I probably would not return to this restaurant, although I do appreciate the variety of Mexican food they offer, especially for vegetarians.  Portion sizes are extremely generous.  I'd recommend staying away from the "Americanized" offerings and maybe trying something more authentic.
5	This is my all-time favorite Mexican restaurant!  From the salsa and cheese dip to the burritos and tostaguac, everything is delicious!  It's family owned and so friendly. Try the sangria too...you won't be sorry!
5	This is one of the best Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh; servers are kind and the food is customizable which is a big plus for me, you can literally tell your waiter what you want to replace and he(she) will. I love anything that it's on the menu, however I recommend you to replace regular beans for black beans and the rice they serve for cilantro lime rice which is tastier. They have some plates not listed on their menus due to being very authentic such as the Mexican Original Tacos that you can order them only up request. My favorite dish are the carnitas (sauce-less) black beans and cilantro white rice, the guacamole is not the best but you can ask for authentic and they'll bring you guacamole, with cilantro, tomatoes, and spices in it.Is worth to give a shot, I assure that you'll love it.
3	Welcome to the land of plenty! If you're looking for large plates stacked high with food, Gran Agave is the place to go.I visited with a large group of friends and was pleased overall with my experience, even if it wasn't perfect. On walking in our group realized the seats here aren't easily re-arranged to allow groups to sit together, which was doubly complicated because they had a filming crew in taking footage for a commercial. So four of us ended up sitting in a booth while the rest of the group sat at some high tables. I just wish we could've all been together.The menus were enormous, so if you like choice, you'll like it here! And yeah, like I said earlier, man the dishes here are huge. My table ordered the nacho appetizer and honestly it was probably all we needed food-wise, especially on top of the complimentary chips and salsa that everyone is given at the start of the meal. The nachos were just one large round plate PILED high with chips, meat, guacamole and tomato and lettuce. I also ordered their smallest margarita - their smallest is 32 oz. (So hey, next time you have a bad day at work, you know where to go!)Where the food began disappointing me was my main course. A lot of other people really liked what they got so I know everything we had as a group overall was mostly good. I think for me it was mostly a texture issue - I had ordered a combo that came with two enchiladas, rice and beans. The "beans" were surprisingly more of a paste, which combined with the filling in my cheesy enchiladas basically made most of my meal...mushy. I know it sounds a little odd to bring up, but hey, sometimes texture can make or break a meal, and sometimes I honestly can't handle mushy food. I also kind of wish the enchiladas had more of a kick to them; the food here IS advertised as being a bit plain compared to what we're used to, though (even says so right on the menu), so that wasn't surprising. To be fair, my main meal really wasn't too bad - it was just a bit of a disappointment after the amazingly delicious nachos.Last word of advice: beware going into the bathrooms late on a Saturday. I don't think anyone cleaned them since that morning and they smelled really, really bad. Ugh.I think a fair final say from me is that the food can definitely be a bit hit-or-miss here, but the atmosphere and staff are great, and even the 'meh' food I had was fine and dandy. I'd definitely come back again if someone suggested it.
1	Poor management has caused me to add gran agave to my banned list. I had been a weekly customer since they opened and will never return after the GM accused me of using an invalid coupon. Not my fault that DoubleTakeDeals has a buggy website.  Instead of politely making me aware of an issue he makes a scene in front of his customers. All over a two dollar coupon.  I have eaten there hundreds of times.  Good food but I and my co-workers will never return.  Shameful treatment of a formerly loyal long-time customer.  Very insulting.  Please quit offering online coupons if you do not know how they work.
2	The food here is reasonably priced but it is not that good. I ordered the Super Quesadilla with chicken and it was bland. On the side of it there were two cups of shredded lettuce, one tablespoon of guacamole and one or two small tomato slices. I could've made something better at home. My one friend had ordered three tacos from the a la carte menu; those tacos were also unseasoned. The other friend enjoyed her chicken and bacon quesadilla. If it didn't have the bacon, I'm sure it would've been just as bland as mine. As for the waitress, she wasn't on the ball at all. She got my friend's order wrong, she didn't refill our glasses, but she made sure she promptly brought us our bills that were difficult to decipher.This was my first and last visit at Gran Agave. The decor is nice but everything else is overrated.
4	I enjoy this place, It doesn't "blow" me away or anything like that, but I do think it is pretty good. I've just come to the realization that it is difficult to find anything that ressembles the mexican food that I ate most of my youth and while travlling abroad. So this satisifies my desire and they have been pretty consistent,I just wish that they had a smaller portion sizes for maybe a cheaper amount because their portion sizes are pretty large.
2	I love mexican food and I have been to a Ton of Mexican restaurants.   The service was great but the food was not what I was hoping it would be.  The food was a Big Disappointment.
5	We have eaten here probably 20 or so times over the past few years and i don't know why i have not reviewed it yet! This has our go-to place for Mexican food.  Every time we go i get their burritos because they are so damn good!  So much food and it tastes amazing!  We always get the cheese dip for the chips and we devour them!  The prices are awesome,  two huge meals for under 30 bucks?  Awww yeaaa!  We have never had bad service and will be customers as long as they are around!
3	We eat here pretty often as it's close to my husbands work. The staff there are all very friendly, lots of smiles. Friendly but not too chatty which is what I like. We get a lot for your money, and I think it's tasty. There are several different things to chose from if your vegetarian, which is important for us. The reason I decided to review today was because after two+ years going there for dinner, we received meat in a vegetarian dish for the second time yesterday. The first time, was about six months ago. I ordered a burrito with beans only. I didn't inspect it before sticking a bite in my mouth (I was talking, not look at food) and I ended up with a huge mouthful of ground beef. I haven't eaten meat in 20 years so I was pretty disgusted and spit it out onto to my plate. They did take that dish of our bill, and offered to replace but I had completely lost my appetite. I have ordered that dish a ton since that, with no issues, although I always check it before I bite in.So last night, we ordered a vegetarian combo. It comes with a mushroom quesadilla. As I was chomping into the leftovers today, I bit into a huge chunk of chicken! Just one stray piece of chicken. Gross! Spit it out...So I feel really torn about that place because when the food is right its good and the wait staff are so friendly. Two times biting into meat in the same restaurant is pretty off putting though... I haven't had this happen at any other restaurants in Pittsburgh and have lived here 5 years and eat out a lot.
1	Travel a lot. I rank this Mexican restaurant near the bottom. Had the enchiladas. Covered with way to much crap. The mole sauce tasted like chocolate syrup. My wife had the seafood quesadilla it was bland made with imitation seafood. The only good thing was the waiter.
1	Some of the worst Mexican food I've ever had.  In all fairness, I've only had the steak Burrito Gran Agave... But it was bad enough to keep me from ever coming back.  The burrito is the cheese burger of Mexican food.  Almost impossible to screw up.  I asked for cheese inside and nothing on top.  It was smothered in a cheese that tasted like white american.  No queso fresco in a Mexican joint?  And the steak was the saltiest thing I have ever eaten.  Like they prepared it to survive a long winter.  I told the waiter.. Who was just polite enough to avoid being rude.. He looked at me like I was crazy but did offer to have something else made for me.  I chose the mole poblano which I'm taking home for my roommate.  I don't like doing the whole comped meal thing.
3	This sounded like a much more interesting restaurant than it turned out to be.  The portions are huge however our server offered to make me a small plate. The sangria was good and we did not try margaritas but they were also huge. My cheese enchilada was fine but nothing to write home about. I was going to order a chili relleno but they make them with bell pepper instead of chilis and you can only get them with meat so I passed. The server was nice but they were understaffed and service was very slow.  If you want a lot of food for a decent price this may be for you but I will be in search of something more interesting.
3	As far as Mexican food goes in Pittsburgh, there aren't a lot of options if you are looking for something traditional. This place definitely hit on some good things, but there were some disappointments as well. I like that it's a small place with a homey feel to it. The salsa was delicious and very fresh; however, the chips left a little to be desired. They were on the stale side, and the oil used for the chips was at least a day old. Maybe on a different day the chips would have been fresh, but I'm just judging on one experience.I coudn't decide what to order as there were many options on the menu, so I just ordered an order of chicken quesadillas and a side of rice. My friend ordered a combo with an echilada, taco, and relleno. My chicken quesadillas were really yummy, and the rice was decent. Nothing special, but good. My friend's dish looked tasty as well, and everything seemed well cooked. Perhaps it was just because I was comparing this place to my favorite authentic Mexican joint of all time, but I thought it was just okay. But, that being said, for Pittsburgh, it's a solid choice.I definitely want to go back to give the chips another try.
4	Great value for the portion sizes. Easily have half of a lunch entree left over for dinner.
5	Been there a lot of times great dishes great stuff always friendly always leave there full if your in the waterfront best Mexican spot to do
