3	Its not tropical, but its typical, like most of diners in Las Vegas.  Its out in the open and in the large open space of the Flamingo in front of the flamingo area.  Hence, there are no doors but the area somehow becomes homey with the semi pink walls and lack of separation between the tables, with exception of a few pillars.  The food is your typical diner type food, which is usually standard American fare, with no extra bells and whistles.  The breakfast is decent, though the lunch and dinner seem to be a little better. Items are of standard pricing, which is can be comparable to most of the diner / cafes in the area but is probably the cheapest one will find in the Flamingo.  Service is not incredible, but decent enough for the standard tip.  Its also not 24 hours a day, except on the weekends.  It is about as simple as they come, yet dependable enough for a repeat visit on the go or on a budget.
3	I will say I was a bit disappointed by the ambiance of this place, but not by the food.The description we read said that the cafe looked over the tropical birds.  Score!  So we headed over to the Flamingo for dinner.  But, being about 9pm, the bird area was dark.  I sorta expected it to be lit up, but it was pitch black outside.  So alas, no tropical birds to take photos of like I'd hoped.The food was your typical diner fare, but slightly better.  I had a great open faced turkey sandwich... the turkey was moist and thickly cut.  The mashed potatoes were also excellent.  The wait staff was really pleasant.I didn't really dig the location... to me it was too close to the casino floor to be enjoyable.  It's difficult to eat and carry on a conversation with slot machine noise in the background.  And I didn't get to see any cool birds, so 3 stars it gets!
4	Tropical Breeze had not one, but THREE moments of awesome on my latest trip to Vegas.Moment #1 - 5:00am-ish.  We'd been partying at Tryst and were starved after a night of dancing.  We decided to get a bite at the Wynn's all-night cafe.  We sat down and waited.  And waited.  And didn't see anything on the menu we liked.  And waited.  So, we left and decided to take a chance on the Tropical Breeze, located back at our home base, the Flamingo.  Success!  Service was very fast and friendly, and my grilled cheese was divine.  My chocolate milk was not at all chocolatey, but you can't expect miracles all the time.Moment #2 - About four hours later we're up again, raring to go.  Time for breakfast!  It's always so hard to decide if you want something sweet or savory, so my friends and I ordered eggs and decided to split one order of waffles.  Except....10 minutes after placing our order we realized that we forgot to ask for waffles.  Oh noes!  Panic!  Call over the waiter!  Hurry!  Explain the situation!  He ran to the kitchen!  Our food arrived!  No waffles!  AAAACKK!  He ran back to the kitchen and came out with our waffles!  Sigh of relief....the day was saved.Moment #3 - 6:00am-ish.  Totally starved after dancing at Body English and playing at Hard Rock's casino.  Seriously, I was sitting at the blackjack table, not even excited when my friend hit 21 because I was too busy fantasizing about a Tropical Breeze grilled cheese.  I could literally taste the buttery crunch of the bread and the yummy melted cheddar.  We leave Hard Rock with our winnings, get to the cafe, and dun-dun-duuuuuun - grilled cheese isn't served at 6:15am!  My friends and I lock glassy, mascara-smudged eyes and decide to plea our case to the waitress.  Ten minutes later three grilled cheeses appeared at our table.  Hmm, maybe miracles CAN happen at the Tropical Breeze Cafe.
1	Holy crap, was the waitress at this place a BITCH!Had a completely awful experience at this place.  At about 9:45pm I was to the point of fainting, in an effort to minimalize the number of times I ate per day in order to maximize the fun in Vegas.  My companions were equally as weak and lightheaded, so we went for the closest place to eat that would accomodate our various criteria (veggie options, relatively cheap, and had to have roast beef sandwiches-as per one of our party's demands.)We were seated immediately by 9:50 and given menus.  The waitress took 15 minutes to even make eye contact with our table (and it was NOT busy in this place, she was in the back room.)  When we went around the table and began to order, she informed us that it is now 10:05 and that they were no longer making the food on the menu she had offered us, and that we could only order from one of the three pages we were given.  WTF!We complained vociferiously that it was not our fault she was taking a snooze in the back and wasn't on her game, and that they should honour us paying customers who arrived before their cut off time and who were provided with dinner menus-not the late night menus.  No go. We were stuck with appetizers only.40 minutes later, I had my greasy chicken tenders, 3 carrot sticks and 3 sticks of celery.  They did not bring the sauces (bbq and ranch) described with the item-and when I requested them the waitress looked at me as if I had just told her I wanted her to wash my car with her tongue. So I got treated like I was being the bitch, when really I just didn't want to eat the nasty ass chicken without the fake flavors that were described on the menu.Overall, my companions were disgusted with their meals as well, especially the nachos.  The only person who seemed pleased with their choice was our friend who ordered a chocolate shake.Next time, I will just eat somewhere before even going into the Flamingo because this is an experience I do NOT want to repeat!
2	Let the record show that I would never, EVER elect to eat here, but I was staying in the Flamingo for work and Hamada doesn't serve breakfast. Weird jiggly oatmeal, and sliced bananas cost a whopping extra $2.  Gaggles of enormous people in shorts and fannypacks and crew cuts (men and women), all yelling at each other from across the way.  I struggled to find a reason to spare this population from quick and searing death had I been granted merciless deity privileges for the day. That was not whip cream atop my chocolate malt.  That was pale slime.
2	The hangover/late for flight/Sunday morning breakfast took place at this cafe.It was great to have substance in my stomach, but food really lacked any flavor?Service was a little slow and the place was not that busy.Also got lots of dirty looks from table next to us, after they obviously were listening to our stories about the previous days craziness. It's Vegas, what do you expect?
3	TBC is okay as it's always there for me after a night of drunk partying or drunk gambling. The BF and I always end up eating at this spot at least twice every trip. LOL I have no idea why. Maybe because we like to gamble at the Flamingo? Oh I don't know... It's not gourmet but it gets the job done. And that's all that matters when your drunk, hungry and gambled out at at 4am and McDonald's is just too far away...
3	Nothin' fancy, but a fine place to grab breakfast for a decent price. My boyfriend and I arrived in Vegas around 9:30 am, tired and starving - so natch we decided to just head to the nearest cafe in the Flamingo while we were waiting for our room. Our wait time was less than 5 minutes, the breakfast menu was small but pretty varied, and the food was better than I had expected. The boy ordered the Cinnamon Roll French Toast, which was decadent and delicious (according to him - I don't go for that sweet stuff early in the morning) and I had the basic 2 egg breakfast. Eggs + sausage = ok. Hashbrowns = FANTASTIC, so it all balanced out. Food, coffee and a mimosa was around $30, which I didn't think was too bad. If you're in a hurry and staying at the Flamingo, or happen to be near there, this is a good morning food option.
4	I was starving the second I landed at the Vegas airport, but fortunately my mom and grandma were there waiting to whisk me away to good eats! We stopped at the Flamingo and decided on the cafe over the buffet. As we were walking to our table, I passed a man eating a huge plate of turkey covered in gravy and knew instantly that I was having that...the hot turkey. Sure enough, it was delicious! It's listed as a sandwich, but I would hardly consider it one, since the 1 piece of white bread seems like an after thought. The real star are the huge, thick pieces of turkey and the gravy. I opted for french fries and they were very nice and crispy. With a side of haricot vert, I felt like it was Thanksgiving in April!They have a whole page of "asian" foods and Chow Fun sounded kinda good, but I was a little suspicious. My grandma was braver than me and went for it, but her won ton noodle soup was a little bland and the noodles were mushy. Service was friendly and fast. Tropical Breeze Cafe isn't a destination restaurant, but if you're in the area and burned out on buffets or need somewhere to nosh at 3 AM, this is your place!
4	This may just appear to be a diner in the Flamingo, serving up uninspired food to an older crowd and tourists, but I'm here to tell you if you like bacon, especially in the BLT form you should pay a visit to Tropical Breeze.I ordered one of these magical sandwiches on my last visit here and the sandwich was so thick that I had to take some stuff off to get it in my mouth. True, I did add avocado, but still. There was so much bacon I thought perhaps I had actually had that mimosa-induced fall into the LoveTub (please see my Imperial Palace review if you need more information on this) and was now in diner heaven. I also had an entire avocado half on there, three thick slices of tomato and plenty of lettuce. Served alongside this glorious creation was more French fries that Nick and I could handle, cooked perfectly crispy and paired with blue cheese dressing that rivaled most I've had in the past 5 years.While the service may be what I'd call "lackluster" and the cashier lady was a total B, I'd definitely come back here again and again for my Vegas bacon fix.
4	After a huge disappointment the night before with the buffet, we decided to try the cafe here for breakfast. There was kind of a long line in the morning but it was worth it! The food was good! I ordered a sunny-side up egg meal with hash browns and it was tasty. Our waitress was very explanatory and helpful throughout the entire time.
1	We were staying at the Flamingo and wanted breakfast, but it was 11:00 am and the buffet had switched to lunch. No problem, the Tropical Breeze Cafe is next to the buffet, and serves breakfast 24/7. After a two minute wait we were seated at a cramped table, wedged closely next to others. The bus person dropped off flatware wrapped in napkins with some kind of black I-don't-know-what smeared on them. Could we have clean napkins? "Of course!" was the reply, and the bus person then dropped off three more place settings. This time, two were clean and the third had the same black crap on it. Try again. With three clean place settings, we checked out the menu and discovered that only half of the breakfast menu was available 24/7. I couldn't get pancakes like I wanted, so I settled for an omelet. What I got was a large lump of scrambled eggs with bacon and mushrooms, more of a scramble than an omelet. The hash browns were white and undercooked, with black parts in them. Apparently the eyes of the potatoes were not removed before they were grated for hash browns. I ate half the eggs, pushed the gross potatoes around on my plate, and ate the toast, the best part of the meal. When we got the check, I found that with the jacked-up prices for coffee, breakfast cost more than going to the buffet. This place is a complete fail.
2	Ever wonder where all the geriatrics who are slowly dying in front of the slots take a break to chow down in Vegas?  Then you owe it to yourself to check out the Tropical Breeze Cafe at the Flamingo.  If you couldn't care less, then you would do well to steer clear.The server staff is equally ancient which translates into painfully slow service.  Time moves slower when you're older... but if you're looking for a quick bite to revitalize yourself before you go back into the Vegas heat, this is not the place.  By the time your first server appears, you'll find out that she is only there to take your drink order.  But be warned that she may have forgotten to bring her hearing aid and thought you asked for diet when you asked for water.  I mean, they're so similar sounding, right?  Oh, and when your "diet" arrives, she'll be sure to yell at you to let you know that you ordered diet, not water.  I'll cut her some slack, because she was probably stuck serving when her stories were on on CBS.When the food finally arrives, you'll be treated to some above average diner fare.  My blackened chicken sandwich was pretty good, and the cheese steak I had a bite of was decent as well.
1	Wow, don't bother eating here -- just breeze on by. The food was so bad I have no words for it.
4	We stay at the Flamingo every year, and while the hotel itself continues to slide down from its days as a decent place (when it was owned by Hilton), this coffee shop still delivers - it used to be called Lindys. The french onion soup is spot on; I had the monster BLT along with it. My son always gets the fruit plate, which is crammed with berries, watermelon, melon, pineapple, etc., which in my drinkin days would have been great for a hangover. Wife got the Reuben, which was thick, but she didn't like the sauerkraut for some reason. Couple of tips, ask to sit at the counter (if its not full), you'll get swift dedicated service. And coffee/drinks are EXPENSIVE here ($3.50), just get water. Past experience has been that table service has been spotty, but I haven't had any of the negative experiences noted in other reviews. Portions are generous, decent food, reasonable prices. Whatever you do, don't eat across the hall at the dreadful Paradise Garden Seafood buffet. I give it 4 stars because it does what it is supposed to do: be a coffee shop.
3	Good choices on the menu. Lots of seating. Good service. It's like a nicer Denny's.
1	This is the Vegas that the NV Board of Tourism has been trying so hard to shake off.  Over-priced diner food served by slow to act diner staff in a wheezy environment that reeks of nursing home.The food is heart-cloggingly bad.  The waitress warned against the soup saying that 'it looks like it has been sitting out for a while and is changing colors.'  Here's your sign.  Ordered crab cakes anyhow and got sick in the middle of the night (thank goodness I carry Pepto-Bismal in my toiletries!).No matter how much of a drunken craving you might have at 4am, stay away.  And if you're here during daylight hours, just consider all the other options.  Please, avoid this spot!
3	After a night out at the clubs, this place is awesome for brunch. Avoid the potato salad. Fries are super good here.
3	I was pleasantly surprised at how good the Chinese food was.  I guess my expectations were set waaaaay too low.  Plus, having it served with other diner favorites really confused the Buddha out of me.  All Asian dishes were served a la cart and each about $13 and under.  Yes, I too think it was overpriced.  Mongolian Beef:  Too much sauce.  Beef was chewy, but acceptable.Buddha's Delight:  A lot of vegetables, but again, too saucy.General Tsao's Chicken:  The best of the bunch, but it was pretty much a fancy way of saying, "Orange Flavored Chicken."  Half of the plate was piled with steamed broccoli.  Whatever.  It's good for you.  Overall, anything with fried goodness is usually a winner.  Ha ha ha!  Yin and Yang strike again.Lo Mein:  Noodles were smoky and tasty.  Standard fare, yet it was the first dish to be finished.  MSG, I presume?Oxtail Soup:  The broth came out lukewarm.  Bah!  We asked our server for more broth and to have it piping hot and she was able to deliver!  Fortunately, it tasted much like most other beefy soups I've had at authentic Chinese restaurants.To top it off, our server was fantastic as she kept checking regularly to make sure we were OK and she had a genuinely positive attitude at all times.  Smiles made a big difference.  Flamingo, keep up the good work and maintain that personal connection with all your patrons.  Bugsy would be proud.
5	Okay, I don't at all understand the quips about nursing home patrons - my experience with the cafe was stellar. The servers and bussers are unionized, they were quick to refill drinks and take orders, and were generally super friendly and enthusiastic about their jobs - a real rarity in this economy. We ate there for breakfast/lunch everyday during our 5-day stay at the Flamingo, and I had something different everyday. I have absolutely NO complaints about this place, which is odd for an in-hotel restaurant.If you love french toast, don't miss the cinnamon bun french toast (add whipped cream and bananas for pure divinity), but get there before they stop serving this and their other breakfast specialties at 11am. The toast has lots of butter and isn't burnt or dry; the omelettes are big and full of cheese; the patty melt has just the right amount of onion; and my dad couldn't get enough of their breakfast corned beef hash.Just want to add that this is for the cafe, not the buffet which has a similar name. This is the sit-down open cafe across from the live flamingo habitat.
2	Had it not been for the fact that my friend wanted to play Keno, I probably would have never set foot into this place. Sitting there felt like I was transplanted from the glitz and glamour of Vegas to a runned down, mothball infested casino in Reno. I for the life of me am trying to come up with something endearing to say about this place. And well....the food is cheap.....and....the portions are big. That's about it folks. Our waiter looked like he was planning on jumping off the top of the Flamingo after his shift. He took 20 minutes to come and take our order and seemed to conveniently forget whenever we asked for a refill or a side of something.  My friend got so sick of asking for a side of ranch (I realize that this is annoying in itself), that he physically got up to seek out another waiter to ask them. I'm thankful that the place utilizes the Denny's method of payment where you go up to the front desk to pay or I feel like I would've waited for my next birthday for the guy to come by, run the transaction, and return it to the table.I ordered a Penne Pasta and although it looked good, it didn't taste good. It did make good 3 am, coming home drunk and I'll eat anything food though.
2	The first thing you need to keep in mind when dining at the Tropical Breeze is that everyone who works here has been here since the Dead Sea was only sick. The second thing that you need to keep in mind is that most of the people working here just don't care.Tiger Woods will not be picking up any hottie waitresses with his pancakes here, unless he wants to pick up a grandmother or great-grandmother proudly wearing her union pin. He'd also be shelling out $10 - $20 for pancakes or eggs, hashbrowns, and toast. It's a struggle to get out of this place for less than $20/person at breakfast after you add an overpriced glass of juice or cup of coffee or tea. Portions are large and the service was friendly once you encounter a server who bothers to care, but that's about the only positives I can find.
2	The only thing redeeming about this place is that it's open 24 hrs. If you are staying at the flamingo and are to hungover to make it across the street to Caesars, then it works. Otherwise don't bother.
2	Starved yes... They gave me a  hoof off of a steer! You call this Prime Rib? It's a dried up piece of meat...harder then beef jerky.... Not even close to Prime Rib... It needs dozens of Au Jous to soften this rock hard prime rib.And...quit calling this hoof....prime rib...I guess eating food in Vegas is like gambling with your tummy.Maybe something might be good in here... But...I suggest you use your stomach to find out. My stomach is out for temporary repairs...
4	the only time i ever eat here is for breakfast and really...how can you mess up breakfast right?  it was always good to me and especially great comfort food for a night after hard partying and staying out until the break of dawn.  good news is that they serve breakfast last so if you weren't to wake up until the afternoon you could still scrounge up some breakfast for relatively cheap!
1	If Home town buffet had a not so loved child with Sizzler and staffed it with the cast of the Night of the living dead you would have The tropical breeze cafe. Not one of the staff even cared that my party of 10 was in their "cafe". I ordered a "Pesto" dish off of their special menu that tasted more like alfredo with a little basil thrown on. Plus the noodles tasted like they had been under cooked and left out for an hour before we got there.  The meal off of the "special" menu only cost $6.99 so I wasn't out the $20 it would have cost me had I ordered off of the regular menu.The only way I would eat there again is if I lost all my money at the casino and I could not find a Mcnasty to sate my hunger.
3	Afternoon service is absolutely slow. The night pasta dishes are pretty bland but for the price, it's alright (begins at 5pm). Personally, I don't like patronizing a second time outside my comfort of my home city but my parents are bargain hunters and know nothing of fine dining so I must resort to horrid food on vacation, ironic sort of. For dinner, I had the chicken alfredo penne. Everyone ordered pasta since it was a deal that included garlic bread sticks (like Olive Garden) and a plate of Caesar sald. The salad had 0 croutons on every plate! It was definitely dry, but for less than $10, my expectations are not high. The bread sticks did not taste like garlic, but more like salt and seasoning sprinkled on top of some immaturely heated bread sticks. The pasta was definitely lacking taste and moisture. I wish my pasta was fettuccine. The evening server was very considerate and was far different than the afternoon waitress the next day. The second time I dined here was for lunch. I couldn't decide what to order since my options were not very extensive. I just went with a Philly Cheesesteak with steak fries. Took forever for the food to come out and when it did, I was given chips. I don't know how that mishap worked it's way though but at least I was given fresh steak fries for compensation. The sandwich was decent but lacked cheese flavor. The bread could have been better but at least it's not the worst I've ate. Service was terrible since the employees seldom checked up or even appeared on the dining floor. Hopefully, Flamingo gets a complete dining makeover throughout the entire hotel because it needs the upgrade to stay competitive with the rest of the offerings on the Strip.
3	This place hits the spot, you get what you pay for. This is a low key cafe located in the flamingo, filled with older folksThey do sandwhiches and burgers and pasta.... and steak. . . but you dont order the steak from a place like this and then be all surprised when it wasnt what you expected... I mean i know this is vegas, land of unending food buffets, and $1.99 specials, and extremely expensive dinning experiences...but again, this is just a cafe at the flamingo. I was in last monday night - tired from working a trade show. Really i just wanted to eat and get back to my room. . . so i stopped in here... It wasnt my first time, Ive been here at least 5 times... They are decent... in fact my last experience was really good. I had the BLT w Avoacdo, steak fries, and a side salad. The BLT was served on wheat and they were generous with the bacon, it really hit the spot. Believe me, you CAN f-up a BLT - i order it wherever i go... but Tropical Breeze cafe satisfied my BLT needs. the fries were really good -too. . . fat and crispy and perfect. The side salad was 2.99 and was essentially lettuse, carrot, tomato and cheese, but for the price I have no complaints.
1	inside flamingo hotel...near the real flamingo birds viewing...search for simple and quick bite...burgers, fish & chips, steak & eggs, pasta or sandwich?...mostly under $fifteen meals...nothing appearing appetizing...look on the "chinese" menu...loco moco?...hawaiian?...rice, eggs, spam, burger patties and gravy...waiting for server and waiting...a slow afternoon...but, friendly when served...finding the rice dry...eggs fried hard...mushroom gravy worse than canned...maybe is from can?...spam thin and dry...small burger patties not great...paying and out...time for work...
1	ahhh!! I wish I can give negative stars!!My friends and I had thee worse experience at this place a few months ago.  We happened to have late dinner here since we were at the casino already and my friend had the Vegas club discount.  I forgot what we had ordered, but what I ordered the waiter said it would take 20 minutes to cook.  I was a little hesitant, but i ordered it anyway.  and what ended up happening was that my plate came out first than my friends' plates.  When they got their plate, part of their food was COLD, yes COLD! My other friend was missing rice, and they didn't bring it to her till 20 minutes after they brought out her plate.  The waiter was super slow, didn't refill our water nor did he check up on us.This place is crazy, don't go here even if you're super hungry, you would have to wait a really long time to get served, to get your food and you probably would get COLD food.  This place is RIDICULOUS and needs NEW management, probably a whole new STAFF!
2	It is what it is, the pricey Vegas version of the local greasy spoon.  The food is ok, the prices are ridiculous.  On the day we went, our waitress kept saying "I'm by myself, I'm trying, I'm going as fast as I can...etc".  I get it, but you don't need to say it every 5 seconds. I ordered the Smoked Salmon platter.  The waitress made it a point to tell me she would never order that.  Congratulations.  She also offered me an Altoid afterwards because there are onions on the platter.  For someone who is completely busy and is by herself, she found the time to compose a comedy routine.My wife ordered the Build Your Own omelette.  The $12.99 omelette, disguised as the $4 omelette.
2	This place has potential.  I didn't understand why the staff was so grumpy. While waiting for the food I watched other patrons just push their food around the plate.  The baked potato and bottle of beer was good.   They should start over
3	The lunch here is not very good, but the breakfast is. So i'm gonna go with a 2.5 rounded up. As with other breakfast cafes in Vegas, it's expensive but decent. Standard egg breakfast here does the trick. The pasta at lunch is overcooked and may offend an Italian food snob like myself (sorry!). I'd rather hit Margaritaville in the Flamingo, but this place is definitely not one of the worst on the strip.
2	I don't know what it is about this restaurant that makes me keep coming back, even though I know I will hate the food and the service will probably be awful.  Yet, I keep coming back.  Is it because friends and family drag me to the first eatery they see when I meet up with them in LV or I'm just growing senile and can't remember the things I've done in LV so I don't remember the bad experiences I've had at this place.  In whatever case, I recommend going somewhere else.  The service that some guests, even Diamond/7-Stars guests, receive are laughable.  The only plus is that they offer discounts for Diamond/7-Stars guests.  Even then, I don't know if the discount on the food is worth it when one can barely stomach the food they serve.
5	I hadn't been to the Flamingo since the middle 90s, and my memories of the layout didn't match up with what I encountered during my visit there last week. I did recall the 'restaurant row' they have there, and I decided to actually try one of them this time around.I was seated promptly at the Tropical Breeze cafe, a spacious, unassuming place with booths and tables, typical of many Vegas hotel indoor eateries. What wasn't typical was the food. I ordered the Cobb salad my first night, and was served with the biggest, best salad I've ever seen, big enough to serve 3. Since there was no French dressing, as I'd ordered, the waitress brought me 4 others to try, a truly nice gesture. Additionally, the banana cream pie I ordered came as an artistic arrangement, large, and with 3 puffs of whipped cream and blackberries surrounding the pie; excellent!I returned the next night, and had the Shrimp and Crab Louie salad; I'm not crazy about crab claws, but the shrimp were huge and tasty, with plenty of them. I also had a banana liqueur drink that was awesomely delicious, all in all a fine meal.I wasn't that hungry my last night, so I ordered the Yang Chow fried rice, no dessert this time, and it satisfied my craving for Chinese quite nicely (I'd planned on the Mongolian beef, but the fried rice piqued my taste buds upon exploring the menu).The wait staff was uniformly attentive, but not hovering or cloying, and drinks were refilled in a timely manner. If you find yourself at the Flamingo in Las Vegas, do drop into the Tropical Breeze for a meal; you won't be disappointed.
3	We had no real time to get dressed and have our last night nice dinner in Vegas. We had just said whatever and took a stroll to the Tropical Breeze Cafe.Mind you it was Sunday night. The place was dead, yet the service was still slow. But that could be due to only a small staff working as well. Actually they can't use that excuse because I have been to places where a waiter/waitress handled 4-5 tables efficiently. So the bottom line on this place? Think Denny's/I-Hop/Diner. Nothing really special.The atmosphere also can be considered nothing really special. You walk around and BLAH its right there. Plain and simple it's a place to eat if you are hungry and there is nothing else available that you feel compelled to travel to.I ordered the Prime Rib--yes I know right, a prime rib at this joint. My GF ordered Beef Fajitas.My prime rib was just ok. It was satisfying, came with fixings like veggies and baked potato. It looked to be a little overcooked on the outside but once I started going at it, it wasn't too bad. My GF's Fajita plate was a sizzling affair. However the taste was just average. The quality of the meat were of lower quality cuts. Also only a few tortillas were included when the portion of meat was enough for double the amount of tortillas they gave.The thing is I don't really  have anything "BAD" to say. The service could be better, and the food was just average, but if you look at this place before dining here, IT IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU SHOULD EXPECT.If you are expecting a lot more, then your judgement on the obvious should be checked. If they couldn't even do "average" well, then I would start dropping stars. However, the stars deducted were due to service and value. The price was a little high for the portion. Although portion was good, it was still priced significantly higher than what you would expect based on quality. There are soooooooo many better places to eat in Vegas. I'm not saying not to go here, but if you have other options try those first, but if those fall through, expect average from this average place.
1	Dont come here ! Thats all i can say. The service was horrible as well as the foods here .
3	Just wanted something cheap and okay after winning some money from playing slots. I also wasn't feeling so well, so bland and tasteless was what I was going for. They also offer One dollar off your dish if you are a total rewards member. I got the wonton soup, and my friend got the chili. Both pretty satisfying, nothing special. The waitress and workers there are old but really friendly. I enjoyed it overall.
1	AVOID AVOID AVOID.Avoid this place like the plague.  Unless your goal is to pay WAY inflated prices for food that doesn't even taste like it's supposed to.  Then this is the place for you.My family and I went here on our last day in Vegas for breakfast.  We just should have stuck with HHAGG like the previous breakfast.This place was SLOW.  OVERPRICED.  HORRIBLE WAITRESS.  BAD FOOD.My husband's french toast didn't taste like french toast.  My omelette didn't taste like eggs at all, everything is an upcharge.I paid 14.99 for a two veggie omelette.  Seriously?!  I should have just walked out.And talk about rude service.  For some reason, the waitress poured two out of the three coffees, and then my dad said that he wanted some too, and she just pointed to the pot and said it's right there.  Ummm...what?!But it was about $20 per person for a really crappy breakfast.OH, and a SIDE of bacon was $6.  No joke.
4	Should be 3.5 stars.  Slightly worse and subtract $4 per plate and you have Denny's.  Not a bad thing though, especially given some of the other dinning option around lunch time (other than a buffet).  Group of 7 of us waited about 15 minutes at noon on Saturday to get in.Food: 3.5 stars.  I had a club sandwich, wife had french toast.  Both were good but not great.  Thick fries with it were good.Service: 5 stars.  Hostess was kinda rude, but whatever, it was a hostess. Our waitress was top notch, even told us when we ordered a bloody Mary that they weren't the greatest.  Appreciate the honesty.  Always friendly and got our order right.Atmosphere: 2 stars.  Mehhh, it is a 24 hour safe.  Nothing bad or great about it.I wouldn't go out of my way to go back but if we ate their again I'd be ok with it.
2	It's not a good sign when you research a place online, read their menu on a laptop immediately before going down, and then find out that drink options listed in the menu .pdf file on their website are not available. Staff is friendly but not especially helpful. The most helpful folks seemed to be the people collecting tickets for keno games (in my opinion, it's pretty pathetic if you're needing to continue gambling throughout your meal -- but apparently that's what about half of the tables in the restaurant were preoccupied with while waiting for their meals). The food? m'eh. It was OK. The chicken parm was pretty good, the fish n chips were fairly average. Calamari ordered as an appetizer wasn't awful, but it wasn't anything particularly interesting, either. I wouldn't order it again. If you're hungry and you have to fill your stomach with something reasonably quick, and you're staying at the Flamingo, this might be on ok option for you. But don't expect anything special. I can't imagine anyone going out of their way to visit this place. It seems to be oriented specifically to hotel guests looking for a quick fix. It has an odd vibe, like this place is slowly dying. It wouldn't be a surprise if they are re-branded or significantly changed into some other kind of establishment by the next time we visit the Flamingo.
2	Food was just average.  Crab cake sliders were blah.  Husband had the club sandwich, it was pretty good.
1	I ordered the chilaquiles and enjoyed most of the meal until I saw what appeared to be undercooked pulled pork.  (took a photo and will upload later if possible on reviews).    I asked for the manager who said it was likely a color from the sauce.  I doubt it.  Anyway, he said he will inform the cooks.  This is my last meal at this place.
3	We had breakfast and it was really good and alot of food. But the waitress was rude and hateful. A little bit of a slow service but we was in the hotel and on vacation so no big deal there.
3	I don't get all the bad reviews of this place. It's a diner/24hr casino cafe. What do you all expect -  a Michelin Star experience?Hey, I do a lot of trade shows in Vegas and would always rather eat here than suffer through the slop the convention center doles out in the food courts. I always try to hit this place up for lunch over the crazy crowds and long lines over at the convention center. I'm usually able to find a spot up at the counter, or grab a small table to go over my notes on while eating.    It is what it is - typical diner type food which is the normal breakfast, lunch, and dinner offerings. Plain and simple with a few exceptions on the menu. Decent prices consistent with what most casino diners charge. Service to me in all the times I have eaten here has always been pleasant and attentive enough. I'm not that demanding to begin with when it comes to a diner, so I guess I'm easier to please than most.  Many times for lunch when here I will order a turkey club sandwich - roasted turkey breast, smokehouse bacon, and provolone cheese with beefsteak tomatoes, leaf lettuce on whole wheat. Hold the mayo, use mustard, and get the bacon extra crispy. Along with a side of cole slaw and a big ol' pickle this totally satisfies my hunger until dinner time. Nothing amazing but decent enough.Reliable and dependable like a pair of old comfortable shoes that gets the job done. The Tropical Breeze Cafe is a casual spot if just looking for some standard diner fare to hold you over until you hit the higher-end restaurants along the Strip for dinner.
3	2.5 stars for this diner? Lol. Awe you guys, be nice! At least make it a solid 3. It was late at night and my 15 year old little sister and I didn't want to wait 2 hours for Serendipity across the street. We didn't know where to go, and all the buffets were closed :( This was, sad to say, our last resort. Everyone who was was eating here was...old. Lol. Certainly no eye candy. Unless of course, that is your thing. It's not mine, so this was like a visit to the nursing home to me. The workers were unbelivably and undeniably sweet. Though they were of much help in the front, it lacked a bit of work back in the kitchen. Either they were just really slow already because they've been working all day or there are more senior citizens back there, working. I mean, I was SOO HUNGRY, and really wanted my (imitation) loco moco. In due time our food came. It was not bad. (Again, I was hungry.. and we all know what happens to food when consumed in a stomach of a famished monster..it becomes 10x better than it really is.)I would probably not be back here. Not because it was horrible, which it wasn't.. But just because I'd rather pay double of what I did and get fat in one of the 69 buffets in Vegas.
2	My wife and I had breakfast here. She ordered a bagel, scrambled eggs, and bacon. The bagel was burnt, the eggs were bad, and only the bacon and a side of wheat toast were edible. The location is good, and they didn't screw up my waffle (yet again, how do you screw up a waffle?), but there are far better cafes in town.
4	We always try to stop here on our weekend trips to Vegas. The breakfast was delish. I ordered the 2 egg breakfast and shared some biscuits and gravy. Didnt finish my breakfast it was way too much food. The biscuits and gravy were so good. The biscuits were fluffy and light. I was able to play Keno while we dined. We got a couple bucks off for being reward card holders.
3	As our final breakfast in Vegas before we set off into the East to head back to Phoenix, we decided we would try this cafe out since it was conveniently located in our hotel. There was a line of about 10-12 people ahead of us, but we saw that there were open seats at the breakfast counter so we decided to give it a go. As I am about to sit down, Abraham, the counter busboy/man, waved his hand in front of me signalling me not to sit down. Well, I came to Vegas to drink and party so my squats were a little weak and I ended up sitting down, but was able to quickly get back up, scoot away from the chair and counter, so as to not disturb Abraham while he was in the zone of cleaning the counter. Once he was done, the napkins and flatware were set, he gave us a glance and let us sit down upon which he asked us what we would like to drink and quickly got those out to us while we perused the menu.Donna our server took our orders, but wasn't really helpful with suggestions. I was debating between the bacon omelet and the bagel and lox. I asked if the omelet was greasy (because the menu said it was loaded with bacon) and her response was, "I don't know, I don't think so". I opted for the bagel and lox and was super happy with my choice. The presentation was pretty impressive for a Casino cafe and the lox didn't give me any GI issues. My friends both got omelets and were satisfied with their meals. The food wasn't super impressive, but again, its a Casino cafe so no one was expecting it to be. Another busboy/man, Pablo, did a nice dance for us as he was busing other tables and we were wrapping up the bill. All in all, decent and as the three star rating of Yelp states "A-ok"
1	Another disappointment at the Flamingo hotel. We were seated for dinner and there was roughly 5 other tables with people seated but the rest was pretty open...so basically not a large crowd that night. It took 10 min to receive waters, and our server never came. We finally saw two servers walking around and they completely ignored us. One looked as us and walked over to the register to chat with whomever while another waitress looked as us and started cleaning down tables. We asked the hostess who our server was going to be because no one gave us the time of day. She said she didn't know and that they would be with us shortly. Instead of getting upset, we decided to wait a couple more minutes. Turns out, more servers were in the back talking to each other which I saw from my seat. One waitress came by and said "Ill be with you in a moment" while she gave the table next to us their food. She then finished serving the table, walked away, and never came back. Yup, that was the final straw for us. We got up and left...in the process, my sister spilled her beer all over the table. Well, that gave them something to finally do.
4	Wow why are the reviews for this place so bad? We ate breakfast here both mornings and it was decent. I mean, look, its not anything fancy.  It's not a celebrity chef restaurant. It's just a way to grab a bite in your hotel lobby!!The first day I had the smoked salmon plate and it was delicious and came with lots of lox. The second day, I had the skinny omelette which was alright.  My co workers had the fruit and yogurt plate with banana bread and it is HUGE and beautiful. They just need more vegetarian/pescatarian options here!
4	Our waitress was pretty funny.  At one point, she turned to a friend of ours and said "That's a lot of food you have there..." as we had all finished and he had 3.5 plates of food still in front of him.  The Bazinga moment was that she was very straight laced and All Business.We went here for breakfast and it was delicious.  Minus one star for the wrong food coming out, but she left us with it, so we got to have 2 breakfasts.  It was reasonable fare for Vegas at breakfast.  I only wish my friends had been hungry enough to hit up the buffet instead, but this was plenty of food.The orange juice was freshly squeezed!  That made my day!
3	I have a really hard time reviewing this place.  It's Las Vegas and there are many better places to eat within a block or two of the Tropical Breeze.  But I usually stay at the Flamingo and after a late night of gambling, it's just soooooo convenient to eat here.  And the food isn't bad, it just isn't 'special' in any way.  It's decent food, decent portions, decent prices and all just a few steps from the elevator.  I can roll out of bed, hit the cafe and be at the pool in no time.I'd recommend the cinnamon roll french toast, or maybe the belgian waffle - both are great.  They also make a mean omelet.  Lines can be long - if you're Platinum of Diamond level of the Total Rewards program you can skip the line - my favorite perk of Total Rewards - but otherwise there is often a little bit of a wait - but the line moves pretty quickly.  Haven't had lunch or dinner here.  I guess I'm usually up and awake enough by then to venture out into the sunlight and find something a bit more exciting.  But for that early morning breakfast when you're too sluggish to get out and walk the strip, it's a great option.Bonus:  It's vegas and you can play Keno while you eat.
3	The food here is decent, but it's not great. I ate breakfast here during a recent trip to Vegas. We were in a group of seven people, so we had to wait a while for a table. Once we were seated, I took a gander at the menu, and I really didn't see anything that looked good, which is kind of odd for me. I don't consider myself to be a picky eater, but nothing on the menu piqued my interests. I asked the waitress if they could just make me an omelet with American cheese, and she said they could. It took a while for our food to come out. A long while. And when the omelet finally did come out, it was just OK. Nothing to write home about. Pretty average. And since this is Vegas, everything is priced high. That omelet, while decent tasting, wasn't worth the cost. There simply are better places to eat breakfast that cost the same and have better food. The service was good. Our server was a friendly older woman. She did sort of disappear for a while when we were waiting for our food to come out, but other than that she was good.Overall, this place is just OK, and I don't recommend it highly.
3	We had two breakfasts here during our recent Vegas trip. Typical Vegas diner with decent options on the menu.  Chicken Fried Steak, Sausage Benedict and the Two Egg Breakfast were good...Silver Dollar Pancakes with Fruit...not so much. Cold Pancakes with canned pie filling on top. Service was exceptional. I don't remember our first Server's name, but he was very good and actually fun to watch. He was the tallest waiter I've ever seen, and at 6"5", he athletically handled about 6 tables, gliding around the room with a coffee pot in about three steps. They are  Wheelchair Accessible, with a huge ramp at the entrance.
4	Ate breakfast here twice during two trips to Vegas. Good service. Food is a bit above average for similarly priced cafes along the strip. Not many breakfast options at the Flamingo. It's Tropical Breeze Cafe or the buffet unless you go with room service or just want coffee and pastry. Good varied menu. Keno available. Small discount on prices for total rewards members.  Order Orange juice by the carafe if you have 3-4 in your dining party
4	I don't know why everyone hates on this place, it's good for what you pay for! I went around 11:30 am on a Saturday and got the Kansas Rancher (highly recommend this dish!!!) as well as a $6 mimosa and bloody mary. The bloody mary wasn't too great but I am not a big fan of them. They were a little slow but that is to be expected. Our waiter was nice and attentive. Meal was inexpensive but good. I recommend this place only for breakfast since that is what we ate.
4	After eating here for many years, here's what you need to know:1. Unless you're with a group, seat yourself at the counter. The service is great there. I have been waited on by the same people up there for years. 2. The hotel keeps jacking up the prices. A Total Rewards card knocks off a dollar from the price of the entrees, but it's still expensive. It's hard to find breakfast on the cheap unless you go to the food court (and even then it's expensive)3. The restaurant only operates 6a - 2p Sunday - Thursday. It's now only 24 hours on Friday.So why 4 stars? Because even though I only come here once or twice a year, the staff remembers me and brings me what I want before I have a chance to ask for it. It's a coffee shop and the prices should be cheaper for what you get, but the weekday morning crew here is tops.
4	Excellent breakfast menu!  I had the French toast which was really extraordinarily good and my friends raved about the pancakes.  Service was excellent and the coffee was good.  What more do you need?
5	I will start out by saying that when I went here a few years back, the decor of this hotel and restaurant was nothing to rave about, at all.  We bought a Tix4Tonight coupon and we thought we'd try it out since we didn't want to break the bank on this trip.  When we walked in, the decor was dated and it vaguely smelled of cigarettes and mustiness.At any rate, the coupon we bought was for Tropical Breezes Restaurant and on a fluke, we just happened to try to the classic cheeseburger.  WAIT, I'm getting a flashback.This was literally one of the top 2 burgers I have ever had IN MY LIFE.  It had a large patty, the seasoning was plentiful (but not overly so) and it was dripping juice.  It may sounds sorta gross but it was like a burger symphony....umm, maybe that's a little lofty but it was DELICIOUS.  The only detractor was the $3 CAN of flat Pepsi that no one told doesn't have refills.I gave the place a 5 for just the burger and I decided not to take any points off for the soda or decor.
2	I'm sitting here and listening to the worker complain loudly while I eat. First it was the way people closed, then it was their green cards and then who knows what else. The ice tea had three cubes of ice, the hash browns were cold and the toast was dry. No melted butter on the toast.
4	Ate here on 12/11. We had a 35$ food credit. For was good. Banana caramel french toast and chicken and bisque. Service was decent
1	Will the bad reviews ever end??? This place was terrible just terrible. It was terrible in every way. Let's break it down shall we. Let's start with the service. Apparently if you don't decide what you want fast enough, which means within a minute of you sitting down, that means that you are to be ignored completely as if you never make up your mind. That's what happened. I decided what I wanted and sat and waited. Not even my drink order was taken. There was a lady walking round for Keno and I decided that I would play. I asked her a question which she answered and she said she will be back in a few minutes to pick up my card. I filled out the little card and she never came back around to pick it up. The entire time before that she was coming around literally every minute or so and when I fill out my card and want to play she disappears like a fart in the wind. After all that my server finally decides to grace me with his presence after about 20 minutes and take my order. And while I was it I asked for a drink too, because I forgot to mention I had asked him for a drink the first time he came around and he never brought it so I asked for it again!Oh the food. I don't what was more abysmal the food or the service? I ordered a Greek omelet that had kalamata olives,spinach, and feta cheese. Typically when I order an omelet I get eggs and whatever ingredients that are in it are mixed into the eggs thus making an omelet. Well I guess here they have different ideas of what an omelet is supposed to be. When my order arrived there was a huge glob of eggs with a ton of spinach mixed in, maybe 3 olives in this huge mess, and huge cubes of feta cheese all over the top of the omelet not mixed inside with the other stuff. I have had an omelet with these same ingredients in the past and that one was great but this one was just plain gross. It was way overcooked and the flavors were not balanced. The toast that came with it was like cardboard. No butter on it at all. the hashbrowns were the only thing was halfway decent so I just ate those. Overall obviously a huge disappointment. I have had much better experience in other Vegas cafes in other casinos. This one I would just skip it.
2	A $65 Denny breakfast for 4 adults. Nothing impressive or noteworthy. Went here because we had a $35 credit. If we weren't exhausted we would have walked to breakfast but we wanted a quick, easy bite to get started on site seeing. I agree with other reviewers dated decor, everything in Flamingo smells like old cigarettes.
3	Staying at the Flamingo, our room came with $35 to use in different food places.  Tropical Breeze Cafe is open 24 hours so my friend and me decided to eat here.  Our waitress was kind and friendy as she put up with not nly our drunk table, but other tables too.  $35 got us 2 orders of food, and 2 hot teas.  At 4am, their Patty Melt was greasy and meaty enough to absorb all the alcohol I consumed in the past however many hours.  The only issue I had were the onions.  These onions were cut so wide that each bite was overwhelming.Surprisingly, their thick fries were crispier than I thought.
3	Had late night grubs with 2 friends here after a late night out back in November. It was convenient since they were staying here at the Flamingo. Decor is nothing to write home about. Wouldn't say its quite ghetto, but its definitely not luxury. Service was ok. While our server wasn't rude, she didn't seem really interested in being there.The chicken strips we ordered were surprisingly good. Crisp, crunchy, not too oily crust outside. Chicken, nice, tender & juicy inside. Rest of the food wasn't too shabby either. Little bit of a shock considering the other reviews. Maybe we caught them on a good night?I believe there aren't too many dining options late night there but I would probably be ok going back here if I was in the Flamingo.
3	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #38 - #365Several years ago, this use to be a Korean restaurant and now Roy's Raw Deal now occupies it. I was looking to try a different sushi restaurant instead of my usual, "Ken's" on Foothill.The size is very intimate and the staff were very friendly. Roy always ask if you're allergic to any types of fish and that's very reassuring to know he cares about his customers. It can get busy on the weekends, so it's best to come as early as possible to get a good seat. Patrons are friendly and has the small town feel. Sushi was very very fresh! Service was excellent!We were staying in the Flamingo and didn't want something too heavy and close to the elevators, so we decided to eat here, inside the Flamingo. The cafe was just worn out as the rest of the hotel and casino, no frills here! The decor of the Cafe and the rest of the casino was still stuck in the 80's, when they last had their massive renovation.  Our waitress was friendly and seated us right away, our drink orders were taken 15 minutes later and took a while for us to receive our drinks and get our food orders taken and served. Other customers were complaining that their food was taking longer than usual and the waitresses were running around, looked unorganized in my opinion. Our food arrived after 40 minutes and was on par with Denny's breakfast, with inflated prices. Of course, all the restaurants and cafes inside the strip hotels are tourist traps! What can you do when you're hungry and don't feel like walking a few blocks for something cheaper. The Tropical Breeze Cafe was just average and I would only eat here again if my meal was comped!
2	food was just okay...but what took sooooooo long for them to make an omelet or just egg and harsh meal?waiting and being tired and hungry wasn't the best combination.Service was just okay as well... they are just not looking around at all... u have to try your best to wave big so they can finally see you...Two star is because they open late at 3pm when you are hungry
2	I felt like I was the Millionth Customer (and not in a good way). Waited a while to be seated while employees stood there trying to avoid eye contact. My husband ordered a coke. The hostess brought it and said "It looks flat. Taste it to see if its flat". It was flat. After we both got our iced teas, we ordered. He asked for the chicken club with fries (because they were out of onion rings at lunchtime) and I ordered the mini mahi-mahi tacos and a cup of french onion soup. While we were eating, we got to watch the hostess cruise around chewing her gum with her mouth open and blowing bubbles. The food was pretty good. The french onion soup was very rich and good. Hubby said the in-leiu-of-onion rings french fries were super good. The lady at the cash register did ask if I had a players card, so I got some points out of the deal. Our bill was $40. Kind of steep for a diner experience.
2	the good:$6 mimosas. diner-esque food seemed like it'd be ok.and you can play a few rounds of Keno while you eat.that's it.two stars for bad service, my mug of watery warm chocolate, oh, yeah! and the fact that the busboy took my friend's envelope of cash thinking it was a tip for himself.
2	Yup, it's food. That's about the best I can say about this place. I got the eggs, sausage, bacon, hash browns, and toast dish. Pretty much everything was super bland and tasteless except the bacon. And that's only because it's bacon. The toast was essentially inedible. Don't get me wrong, the staff was really friendly and nice seeming. But they also brought me toast when I asked for biscuits. And kept forgetting to bring my girlfriend the milk she asked for. We had to ask three times. I'd recommend elsewhere for brunch/breakfast. Unless you're just really really hungry.
2	YIKES! My Wife and I came here around noon to get brunch keeping in mind we weren't looking for anything amazing just food. We sat down and was greeted with two dirty glasses of water and a coffee then ordered a belgian waffle. It showed up relatively quick and didn't taste to bad either. Within my first couple of bites I noticed a nice long black hair on my food. My hair is a little long and brown so I tried to convince myself it was mine until I noticed not one but two more hairs underneath my waffle. After the waiter asked me 3 times where the hair came from he left with this look like I was lying or something... NOT COOL!  About ten minuets later we were comped the meal but still had to pay for the coffee. Where I come from this would have been grounds for a free visit to try and make up for mistake, not that I would eat there again anyways, but thats just what you should do right?
4	Stopped here for breakfast on the way out of the Flamingo/Vegas. Probably the best food that we had in Vegas. I was traveling with 1 vegan and 2 vegetarians and all of the other options for vegan/vegetarian were slim. This place had a large selection that fit everyone's needs.
2	Like so many places you will find in Vegas, this place offers average service with average food for a high price. It's convenient for the guests of the Flamingo that can visit for a quick breakfast, but the food is bland! My advice is to skip this place entirely and walk over to The Quad for much better food at a much better price at Hash House a Go Go!
3	This gets three stars... Would give it five because our first experience here was wonderful. We had a great server, younger guy, liked his job A+ Next day we ate here, got stuck in an older mans section... TERRIBLE SERVICE! He brought our food out at separate times, never came back to see if we wanted anything, he was just down right awful... there comes a point when you need to retire! The only saving grace was the drink hostess... she was FANTASTIC!
1	Let's start by saying one thing DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU ARE IN HURRY OR HUNGRY!!!!Because service is so slow. I guess we went during a shift change because we had one rude waitress take our order which she took totally wrong and was in such a rush to leave that she didn't even let us know that we were going to get a new waitress. We had to wait a good 30 mins for a side salad to come out that I even asked if our order was put in because we wanted to just by for our drinks and go elsewhere that is just how long they took with a salad then at that she only brought one salad when both of us had ordered one. I got the cheeseburger and asked for it medium and it was brought out well done and nasty so I only ate a little bit and ate the bread and butter they took with the salad instead. My husband ordered fries with his dinner and they took him mashed potatoes which he didn't even bother to tell them anything because if he did we would probably still be there today waiting for them . Then we had to wait for the check to get brought to the table. While we were waiting for our food a party of 5 arrived and were sat down and I guess they were never asked what they wanted to drinks or to ordered because they got up and left. Smart move! I really wish my order wasn't entered because I really wanted to get up and leave after the waitress left and the food never came out.
4	Tropical Breeze has been a fav mainly because of the fresh squeezed oj - always a hit.  We had to wait about  minutes to get in, but the service was very good for a cafe. The busser took our drink order almost immediately.  Then, after we set our menus down, the waitress was right over to get our order.  She checked in several times but otherwise left us to our meal.  I had Huevos Rancheros which, complete with a roasted jalapeno, was amazing.  Crispy tortilla with black beans, home-made ranchero sauce and avocado, served with a dollop of guacamole and sour cream.  Sliced potatoes with grilled onions on the side and I couldn't finish it all.  Somehow it tasted like it had a couple of different sauces and every bite was a little different.  My husband had ham steak and eggs, HUGE ham steak!  He loved it.  Good coffee, and did I mention the fresh squeezed orange juice??I would go back there every day for breakfast in another city, but too much to try now!
