4	What are you waiting for? More shops to open?Soon enough. At least 2 are open-  Macy's & Old Navy. New Macy's is nice and employees were helpful.  The decor of the  mall is impressive, love the colorful light displays. Signage is prevalent and who doesn't like a brand spanking new shopping center.A great start to a long anticipated shopping/dining hub for Summerlin & those of us who really like non ghetto malls!Don't procrastinate too long, Downtown Summerlin is open for business.
5	The long awaited DT Summerlin is finally here! Some of my all time favorite shops include Sephora, BCBG Max Azria, Sur La Table, Lush, Lululemon and Ethan Allen! The decor is absolutely stunning, has a very California-like atmosphere. There are a few beautiful scenic areas as well that have waterfalls, Painted Wings for photo opps, and beautiful hand laid brick. The restaurant row is nothing short of breath taking as well. Some of the resteraunts include Wolf Gang Puck Bar and Grill (opening at the end of October) Crave, California Pizza Kitchen, Andiron Steak and Sea (Same owners as Honey Salt and Made LV) Grape Street, and Earl of Sandwich. Downtown Summerlin is truly the new Summerlin hotspot. I really believe this has brought so much to our community and will continue to grow. I havent been to the movie theaters yet but ive heard they're amazing, Luxury type of theaters!
5	Downtown Summerlin opened today, 10/9.  I'm not one for shopping but I'm looking forward to trying the dining options that are still in construction.I like the layout of the center.  It tends to be in separate areas with easy access to parking, both in garages and surface parking.  Trader Joe's, a store I've been waiting for, has an easy parking area and the entrance is very close to where I live.The Dining Arroyo is interesting.  Summed up, 125 new retail stores and/or restaurants is certainly a boost for Summerlin.  And, it's just begun!
5	I'd been hearing lots of things about downtown summerlin and I spend a decent amount of time in summerlin so checking this out was a no brainer. I was absolutely shocked at how big this place was. According to the guide I was reading, this place is 105 acres It's very similar to town square in that it's an outdoor mall and the layout except it's more like an upgraded version. There's regular stores and restaurants and high end places and it also has a personal favorite of mine: Nordstrom Rack. It's still new so everything is still shiny but the aesthetics are wonderful. The feel is very Orange County Laidback and I can definitely see this becoming the new hot spot for locals who don't want to drive all the way to the strip area to enjoy the perks of the strip.
5	Congratulations to the Howard Hughes Corp. on an exciting Grand Opening of Downtown Summerlin. We thoroughly enjoyed the festivities on Thursday. The light show and fireworks were fantastic. The parking situation was a challenge due to the volume of people. Also several surface parking areas were closed for VIP parking and the staging of fireworks. Looking forward to many visits to shop and dine, just a short hop from home. Hooray to the future Apple store.
4	Don't count on your GPS to find this place. Just know that it's on 215 and Sahara by Red Rock Casino. They just opened so many restaurants and stores are still "coming soon". They have festivals and all sorts of festivities due to being newly-opened. It looks very promising. Food trucks on Eat Street, Lululemon, Dillard's, Macy's, House of Hoops, Michael Kors, Sephora, Sports Authority, Trader Joe's, True Religion, Forever 21, Foot Locker, Victoria's Secret, Sur La Table, Teavana are some of the stores that are open. Crave, Crazy Pita, Capriotti's and Sushi Loca as well as sold fast food places are open if you get hungry.There seems to be ample parking, however, there are traffic directors and stop signs on top of senior drivers, bikers and pedestrians that made my drive out of this place a nightmare.  I'll come back when more stores and restaurants open.
2	Why have a grand opening when 1/2 the stores and most restaurants aren't open? This long, anticipated event was a little disappointing, sure I knew it was another outdoor mall smack in the middle of the desert, but I was just sad that the same old mall shops, nothing new to make me want to brave the heat next July.  I think I am spoiled from too many years of living in CA, Vegas shopping just stinks, Downtown Summerlin is nothing new. Will keep my shopping trips in CA.
5	Waited so long for this! It did not disappoint! I love the layout.. And that it is an outdoor mall. Dillard's and Macy's were beautiful!! So many different stores and more to come! I love the new Trader Joes store! Apple will be coming there along with Nordstrom Rack.. There's Old Navy, Sports Authority, a Regal 5 Luxury movie theatre!!! And so much more! I didn't shop so much.. Just soaked up the atmosphere. Great Job Summerlin!!
5	I am so happy that we finally have a Macy's and Dillards so convenient to home so many great little shops and awesome dining too . I don't think the Malls on the other side of town will hardly see me now :(  I do have to say Sephora was great my all time favorite . I know where I will be spending my weekend's :)
1	Very Bland! There is nothing outside of Trader Joe's that I would go back for. All the anticipation Epic Fail! I was hoping this place were nicer on the grounds Town square has you beat as far as astetics.
2	Like Eric, nothing besides Trader Joe's will see me there. For everything else, I'll stick with Tivoli, Town Square and Fashion Show Mall. DS is just a concrete industrial zone. No way anyone will walk from one end to the other like we do in Town Square... not at all the "village" feel and look I was expecting. You will need your car each time you want to go from one end to the other.... yes their shuttle is also like taking your car + plus the wait.
3	who was the genius who made one entrance and exit off sahara blvd. by a light, an inconvenient way to get in to such a huge mall.if there would be any incidents where people have to evacuate they'd never make it.
1	I know my viewpoint is unpopular, but this place just missed the mark. I'm having a hard time understanding why people are raving about it.As others have noted, it's poorly laid out, unattractive, and VERY difficult to access. Maybe it's because I'm from California that these things stand out. I notice many of the other similar reviewers are from California. But why make the place so hard to get to? From the entrances to the roads to the place itself, it's not an easy navigation. Maybe other people are OK with spending lots of time on trying to navigate a mall, but that's just not a priority for me I guess.It will be interesting to see over the long term if parking is adequate. And that brings up another Californian point. In our state, a facility such as this cannot be built unless it proves it has adequate parking and access!Anyway, the shops are the same ole, same ole. Nothing exciting here. If you like the loud music and fashion thing, it could be fun for you. But keep in mind that many of the shops and restaurants advertised for this location are not open yet. Some aren't even built. Also, keep in mind that Downtown Summerlin is not trying to attract a high end customer. I assumed they would, given the location. My first indication that assumption was incorrect should have been that Nordstrom chose to build a Rack rather than a full store in Downtown Summerlin.The one bright spot is Trader Joe's. As long as the Sahara entrance, which is closest to the store, becomes regularly accessible, it should be an easy in and out for my favorite grocery chain. I'm very excited to have another Trader Joe's on the Summerlin side of Vegas!Maybe this desert concrete jungle will improve over time as landscape grows in and other stores open. Who knows. But it's not likely to ever score high on my list just because of its feel and energy - which is partly a result of the layout and design. For now, I'll stick with classy Tivoli Village.
5	We love this new downtown area, for local people wanna have some fun and without going to the crazy strip on the weekend.Love the 'eat' street, lining up with quite a few food trucks, however the wait was kinda horrible. Most of the trucks food cost $8 to $14 per order, and they prefer cash because the signal was so poor at the location, they couldn't use the credit card machine.  They offer beer and wine but u have to consume in certain area.  There's live bands performing as well, in the beginning there's some heavy rocks music, then turned into some top 40s, then transition into edm! I guess this is the ultimate edm town~!  lol
3	I was at Downtown Summerlin for the official grand opening celebration.  It was fine, but a bit disorganized.  No crowd control because all of the security people were huddled in one area enjoying the night instead of doing their jobs.  And the fireworks went off directly above us, allowing ash to get all over our clothes, hair, and in our eyes (and it was not windy... so I guess they didn't really think the placement of the fireworks).  We didn't get a special glow bracelet that was synchronized to the music and fireworks.  The reason?  They ran out.  They were giving people 2-3 bracelets each when all you needed was one. Oh, except for the one kid I saw with 5 of them. Think people... these will only work again if somehow you know how to program them.I have been waiting for this center to open for years.  Overall, I was a bit disappointed with the lack of flow from one section to another. One area, the "plaza" section (Trader Joes, Sports Authority, etc)  seems out of harmony as it butts up to the "mall" section (Dillard's, Macy's, inner mall stores).  And a lot of the stores were not ready for the grand opening, so they will be opening at a later time in waves.Maybe I will update my review when the project is finished.
5	Just what Summerlin needs!! It's like the Fashion Show Mall and Town Square had a baby!!Even though the mall is not at full occupancy, we enjoyed the stroll down the streets, window shopping, and enjoying the beauty that Las Vegas offers off the Strip.  Parking was convenient and free; they have street parking, garage parking, and lot parking, all around the mall. A great place to catch a movie, grab lunch or dinner, and just hang out with friends while doing some shopping.  Restaurants are all around the mall and the stores there are definitely a hit. No need to go on the Strip or all the way to Town Square. We love it!! Absolutely beautiful, you do not feel like you are in Las Vegas!We do wish there were other anchor stores but we'll take what we have for now. Can't wait for the expansion!!
5	So beautiful! Its like town square on steroids!Even has movie theatre w recliners where they can wine and dine u. U can park near your favorite store or park in the parking garages.. Theres streets of boutiques that are common in big malls like Bath and Body Works, Express, Victorias Secret guess, Sephora,.. As well as some big department stores, salons, nails, five star restaurants and regular eating places, and they even have Trader Joes. Looks like they are still working on getting a Apple computer store there and some other stores and restaurants under construction.
3	UGH. How many Chicos, Victorias Secrets, and Zumiez could one suburban town possibly need?! I had such high hopes for DT Summerlin, and thought it would be laid out more like The Grove or Century City in LA, with pretty outdoor walkways, places to sit in the SHADE, and new and interesting shops or stalls. NOPE. The center driveway is for cars much like the District in GV now is, and there are no covered awnings or benches (which are made out of metal btw- LOL), so summer shopping should be a blast when it's 110 degrees. It actually had more of a vibe of an outlet mall, very sparse and dry. The two department stores, Dillard's and Macy's are on the far end of the largest parking lot, and Macy's looks like an old dilapidated department store, not one that just opened. The walkways in between the stores are interesting, it's almost like the mall is cut in half and you have to go down an alley to get to the other side of the shops to see what you might have missed. The only restaurant open when I was there was Crave, which had a 2 hour wait, but other than that I think the only two additions will be CPK and Wolfgang Puck. The Nordstrom Rack, ULTA, Trader Joes etc. is on the OPPOSITE side, which is both good and bad. If someone just wants to go grocery shopping and run into NR, they can pull into that lot and not make a mess of navigating the mall, but if you are out shopping for the day, you'd have to move your car. I'll only return for Nordstrom Rack...
3	Have to agree with many of the comments. The flow of traffic is very complicated. It reminded me more of a shopping outlet than anything else. I think the design of Town Square and Tivoli are much more charming. I went over a week after it opened and very early on Saturday and there was still a lot of traffic getting in and out. Having said this, I would still go back because it is nice to have local shopping but probably wouldn't visit in summer as it's very open with little shade.
3	Avoid in the next month or so as Christmas and the holidays approach us! We should have known the first weekend it was open of would be hoards of people there. I can only imagine how hott this place will be once summer hits because it is an outdoor mall with plenty of walking between stores. If you are looking for a specific item or store I suggest looking up on a map prior to coming so you can park nearby as the layout is a bit cumbersome to understand. Decent stores and a wide variety of places to visit or eat at but we wont go out of our way to visit.
3	If you want something to eat, wait until November to visit, as current dining options are extremely limited.  I like the layout and design, and as far as the stores being the usual suspects, it may not be realistic to expect anything else at this point in our economic recovery.  It's just nice to have it open.  I'm giving 3 stars because more restaurants should be open.  More later...
4	What a perfect Sunday evening to enjoy the newest gathering place in the LV.  When this place is 100% it will be pretty fabulous for sure.   I would guess this Howard Hughes Corp project is about half completed as of this review.  The food and beverage establishments are something we have all seen before.  I am most anticipating the arrival of Cafe MTO.  It looks to be about 60 days away but who knows.... I am not in construction. The property managers have spared no expense on  all the details of this shopping center.  The many fountains and seating areas will be well used during all of the two seasons of Las Vegas weather.  Get out here and enjoy what is currently open at Downtown Summerlin and make sure you get your favorite bottle of wine from the Trader Joe's.
3	Downtown Summerlin just looks like a newer version of the North Premium Outlets. Period.The aesthetics of this place is very underwhelming considering it being in Summerlin. None of the stores are original since you're able to find similar stores at The Fashion Show and Town Square but DT Summerlin fails in creating that feeling of wanting to go back.At least lifestyle malls such as Town Square and The District were designed properly to create that feeling that you're not in Vegas. Both malls also have different stores giving you a reason to go back. DTS just reminds you that everything in Vegas is somewhat cookie cutting and boring- which is something we all wanted to steer away from.I'll be back for Trader Joe's and Nordstrom Rack though. Whoever contracted and designed the Fashion Show Mall should take initiative and take over DTS creating a better outdoor version of the mall. Wouldn't that be cool?
4	It's nice...but this place still needs a little time. The best stores are yet to open, so spacing between shops is a little odd. Plus, the limited restaurants that are open...packed! Not because they are good restaurants, but because they are the only show in town. Don't get me wrong...I'm excited, but the tourists are swarming like flies right now, everyone and their mother wanna check it out and limited shopping options...equals...HEADACHE!! Lol I had a terrible experience at CRAVE...so maybe I'm being negative! Hahaha After this years holiday shopping season...this mall will be awesome! I'm just hoping the food scene improves...but at least there is good parking!
3	I wasn't impressed. Everything is very spread out and the flow is odd. There are large open streets with parking and then small alleys that look like they might not be a good place to walk once it gets dark.I do like the architecture and style of the buildings and the decor. The water features are interesting, but security should keep children from playing in and on them. The selection of stores is average for a large mall, with a nice selection from low to high end.The main problem I had was the restroom situation. They are very clearly marked, which is a plus, but at each location there is only one room. That is a family restroom with two toilets, two sinks, one baby changing station, and no stalls! I went to 4 different locations to find one that didn't have a line. For a place that is going to have such high traffic, they blew it on places to "Go"!
3	Place is absolutely beautiful. They spent a lot of money building this new mall. I think the stores are lacking being in Summerlin I figured the higher end stores would be at this location, so all of us locals can avoid the strip! Maybe in due time!!!
3	It's going to be nice when its done! love the out door mall idea. The westside needed this. Cant wait to enjoy the finished product.
5	Downtown Summerlin is an exceptionally cool place to walk around, shop and eat at. Not everything was open yet when we checked it out on a warm Sunday afternoon, but you could already feel just how cool it is there. Definitely worth checking out.
5	It's beautiful here. Feels like I'm in another state. Definitely gotta come check this out if you're in the area. It's brand new and has a bunch of awesome little stores and even big name brands like Pink, Victoria's Secret, Forever 21, and Express. They have movie theatres as well as a bunch of places to eat! OH they have a Pandora and a bunch of other cute little shops. This seems like it's going to be the new place to be! :) I just love shopping and can't wait to go here!
5	This is the best shopping experience in Las Vegas. Although everything is not open yet, it's still has a lot of shopping and dining opportunities... Department stores are Dillard's, Macys, and Nordstrom's Rack... There are many dining options opening, for now they have Moe's South West Grill, Zabas, Crazy Pita, Panda Express, Crave, Capriottis, and a few other places.It's a great place to walk around... Dog and child friendly, I normally go there on all my days off, and I work there. I don't get tired of this place.They have so much, everyone can find a store they like.I don't give out 5 stars often, but Downtown Summerlin deserves 10 stars! I'd recommend anyone visiting Vegas, and living here, visit the place!
3	So Downtown Summerlin isn't really downtown in the usual sense of the word and really is just a shopping district. The good thing about this place is there are a few cool department stores, more dining options in the area, and a new luxury theater. Currently, not every tenant is open and ready, though it's growing every week with openings. I went prematurely when only Macy's and Dillards were really the only things open, and we just kinda drove around to see what's building. Then I went a week after the "grand opening" with a few friends before dinner and we walked around and I got a better feel of the place. One of the things I don't like is the layout in places just is disjointed. So on the west end (by Sahara) is this large shopping area with the shops on the perimeter of the square and right in the middle is a parking lot, then you can walk to the other stuff by walking on the side of Dillards to get down to the other shopping streets. If you are driving to a specific thing, I suppose that's fine, if you're walking then maybe plan on having a long walk if you have stuff to see on one end to the other. One odd thing was when we went, we were struggling to find a coffee house.We were thinking that it seemed like a natural fit to have a few beverage stops, but none were found or no signs we noticed of any coming soon when we walked the main drag of Dillards and Macys area. It has potential for a few things to stop at, but this place is gonna suck like all our outdoor malls come summer as the nice lovely lanes means - no shade. When are we gonna learn to make something desert summer friendly?EIther way, I'm happy for a Nordstrom Rack and TJ's since we don't have that many in town and Im counting down until Gelato Messina opening.
1	This mall was incredibly disappointing. The Macy's store is not nearly as nice as the one at Fashion Show or even the one at Meadows Mall. The Dillard's had clothing that was old and boring (BTW, I am 57 years old) and the general layout of this place sucks. I predict this place will be a ghost town within 6 months.
4	I very much enjoy Downtown Summerlin! This is a very welcomed shopping, dining, and entertainment experience. I am excited to see it continue to grow.  I am impressed so far with the selection of stores, and anxiously awaiting the others to open. The restaurant selection will be great once all of the options are open. I look forward to seeing what all Downtown Summerlin will have to offer!
2	I had high hopes for DTS especially given the interesting offerings available in Tivoli when it opened.  My hopes diminished as I looked at the names of the restaurants and stores which were going to open on the property but I held out until I could actually visit.  I have since been their twice and am comfortable enough to say that DTS is simultaneously a great disappointment for me but a need filler for Summerlin.Why is it a need filler?  Prior to opening, the nearest place to visit the stores such as Macy's, Dillards, Old Navy, Sephora, etc was Meadows Mall and Fashion Show.  Now, local Summerlin residents can have a convenient location to shop.Thats where the good ends.  From the moment I entered off of Sahara and drove through the winding passage to get to parking I noted both the lack of signage and the minimal exit pathways making it a nightmare during crowded hours to get in and out safely and quickly.  Granted, after a few more weeks the crowd will be smaller but still, it stinks of bad planning.Next, there was absolutely no way to know where anything is from the Parking area with the exception of Dillards.  In fact, had I not read up on the place, I would never of known it was anything more than a strip mall with Dillards as the centerpiece.  When you finally do wend your way around to the outdoor mall it is notable that the main section of the mall is utterly boring and devoid of interesting decor.  There is a section near Crave which is by a water feature that seems entirely out of place but does make for a nice place to relax.  The restaurants and stores which are open are entirely generic, wolfgang puck's has an unimaginative menu, CPK and Capriottis are available all over town, CRAVE has potential and I will try it soon but beyond that it has nothing to distinguish itself from any other mall.The REGAL theaters have the reclining seats but there are only 5 theaters so finding the show you want will be hit or miss.There are several other establishments set to open in the next few months and entertainment oriented ROC Resto and Fashion could make things interesting.  I will definitely update the review then.
2	Sure I can write a review now or I can write a review later. Ah I'll just write an update later. Ok so its been open close to a month now and a good number of businesses aren't even open.  All you see is nothing but "coming soon" signs with a lot of the businesses no where near of opening. Why even open up!? I don't even know. Anyways to keep track of what businesses are open and not here's their directory. Hopefully they keep it up to date http://downtownsummerlin.com/directoryAlong the NE part of this shopping center, YES a shopping center not an actual "Downtown", there's what they call the "Dining Arroyo" which has a nice water feature and spacious area to sit and relax from all the shopping and walking around. There's a few restaurants in that area like MTO Cafe, Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill, California Pizza, and Crave. Here's a couple of pics from the Dining Arroyo I'm facing west, notice how they fail to utilize the beautiful view of Red Rock Canyon and the mountains around. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/downtown-summerlin-las-vegas?select=a9d15FZhhi3tlpP4inH82g#a9d15FZhhi3tlpP4inH82g http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/downtown-summerlin-las-vegas?select=a9d15FZhhi3tlpP4inH82g#slSZgd8v5pEPy7WeCmvtRA All I can say is I hope Lazy Dog Restaurant and Bar, which is the NW most business not yet ready, considers having some outdoor patio with this view in the plans.As it goes for parking, you have options, there's a couple parking garages, parking along the streets right in front of various businesses, parking lots all around, and a couple vallet areas. There's also the option of walking from the casino which isn't a short walk as I hoped. If you've been to Green Valley Ranch or the District in Henderson it not that where you can just walk a few yards and you're there.It's a shopping center what else can I say about it. It has restaurants, clothing stores a movies theater. It's like they took some of the good features about the other shopping centers around the valley and tried to put it into one. Well there's a Nordstrom rack, Trader Joe's, Five Guys Burgers, Sur La Table, Regal, and Victoria's Secret so it's not a total bust.Of course I was very excited when I heard about the plans for Downtown Summerlin but as of right now I don't know, I guess I just have to wait until they're really truly  open for my business, in a few months. It has potential.And as I think I mentioned in my tip. Enter and exit from the northern streets near Charleston, seemed like most people were using Sahara.
3	I'm a fan of this place. Mainly because it brings a better stocked Sephora and Nordstrom Rack closer to me. However, I don't like the fact that the Macy's is more community mall in how it looks. But it does carry some good items in their makeup section! Having lived in Summerlin before, I totally understand why they opened this place. There was literally nothing there but dirt in a huge space. Also, Summerlin wanted to make some money and they wanted a more convenient mall! It was a great and very smart idea. I really like how they have a "bar area" in the middle of the mall. At the same time, I really hope that they keep containing those drinking people to that one area.The entire place was very well-planned, but not as well thought out. It's a huge area--so huge that you need a shuttle to get around. For the families with kids that are going to be there a lot, that makes it a bit unsafe to walk around! Once their other stores show up, the place might be better..but for now DTS seems like a very 'adult' place to be.
4	Went on Halloween evening, as we were searching for the Macys.  And since it was Halloween, all the shops were handing out candy literally 100s of kids and their families.  We found decent parking and hoofed it to Macys, which was on the south end of the property.  My hubby and I both commented that this place was like a upper class/white person version of Fremont Street, because it's one long corridor.  Which I guess fits their target shopper demo.  Downtown Summerlin is right next to Red Rock Casino, just off 215.
2	All these years I've been waiting for a Mall of America and this crap is what we get? Went on opening weekend then again last week. It's still too crowded for an ANOTHER outdoor mall. Just a few blocks from home to shop at Trader Joe's is a plus. Nordstrom Rack was outrageously expensive and crowded so I didn't purchase anything. Old Navy had some OK deals. I don't know anybody that shops at Dillard's or Macy's anymore but Grandma's or those conned into getting their store cards. I would like to visit the Wolfgang Puck restaurant but it wasn't open yet either time I was there. I was excited and had high hopes for this "Mall" but it's meh at best. I don't envision it being this busy next summer, I won't brave the heat for any of these stores. I'll go to Meadows or Fashion Show Malls instead. I love not having to drive more than a mile to shop but wish they had chosen better stores. Sur La Table is a plus and good alternative to Williams-Sonoma across from Boca Park. Rumored Apple store will be more convenient. It's just okay. I hope it gets better. I'll update later when they open everything.
2	Stay away from the Victoria secret here! The people working there are supper rude, I waited in line for 20 min to be informed that there was only one line and I had to wait more. The woman who informed me of this was looking right at me and even made eye contact several times in the 20 min I was standing there but failed to mention that I was in the wrong line. I asked her why she didn't say something sooner and she said she wasn't lying attention.... Unacceptable!!! Wake up lady!
2	Really this is just another up its own pooper Summerlin installment.  Mostly boring stores and no food to eat that isn't foo foo or a ripoff.  The one big plus was the new regal, but even then the movie selection was artsy and poor. I will return for the theater, but not for the mall. The whole thing seems catered to the elderly.
3	I'm going to give this place some time because not all the stores are here yet.  Im not from this side of town, so thinking of those that do live in the Summerlin area, I bet they are sure glad a cute little spot like this is open.  This kind of reminds me of town Square but with a Macy's.  I'm kind of looking forward to what this place will turn out to be, it will be a nice break from the same old malls.Jesse and I came here on an empty stomach, unfortunately, not all the restaurants listed on the directory was open yet.  That was a bummer...plus the spots open didn't get our must try ratings on yelp.Oh yah...One weird thing was the restrooms located outside, they are single room restrooms so you will find yourself waiting, if you are so willing to do so.
3	I have been here a few times now since it's the closest mall to home, one thing I can say is that parking is always a nightmare. When I first went for the grand opening, not a lot of shops were open, specially the restaurants. A few more places have opened since then. Make sure to go to the bathroom before you head here. The restrooms are single restrooms, if I could have avoided them, I would have but I have two small children who needed to go potty so I waited the 15 minutes to use one. As for the stores, there's a few good ones, from low to high end, and your average department stores as well, such as Macy's and Dillards. I was excited about there being a Trader Joe's since the nearest one was a 30 minute drive. DS has good potential, let's see if they improve in the coming months.
3	It's a far drive! Well farther then I had anticipated especially taking surface streets. It'd be much easier if you take the I-215 and get off on Sahara! I wasn't really sure what to expect but it was fun just walking through the mall! We started down at the south end by Dillard's and worked our way up, just looking around and seeing what kind of shops there are. I really liked the outdoor mall style, it allows people to walk around with their pets! The architecture is pretty modern and it's a great place for young adults or families alike. Found some awesome shops there on the outer part of the mall, you can really spend a few hours here just looking around. The biggest disappointment is that they seemed rushed to open and there's a TON of places that are "Opening Soon" everywhere and a lot of these places are more specialty shops that you don't really see in the malls here so I'm looking forward to it opening but until then there's just your typical stores. There seemed to be plenty of parking all around between the parking lots, garage, and street parking.
4	Nice new place to shop, need more food places (which they are currently putting in) just I would have had some in place for people to have lunch or dinner in. There are only like two - three when I was there! Great shops though!
3	This mall is just average for now, it'll be much nicer when the rest of the restaurants & shops open. Howard Hughes needs to turn the lights off on the tower what a huge eyesore at night. How in the world did they get away with putting those lights on that tower? Also why would you put two pizza places Wolfgang Puck's Pizza and California pizza kitchen right next to each other? Interesting pizza with valet parking both restaurants only rate 3 stars at best!  Another strange thing is the entire mall has hidden small family bathrooms and no children's play area. So the children go to the water feature and throw rocks all over near the pizza valet. I approve this message JK KUHL... saving the planet from bad food...
4	Disclaimer: - They have only been open for 2 months as I write this...This shopping area has SO MUCH potential! And it will get there!~Tons of great stores and restaurants, and new ones are opening every week. We LOVE IT!!!Insider tips...-It is HUGE, they have a little shuttle that zips you around!-After I am done we hit Trader Joe's on the way out! YUM.-The movie theater here is AMAZING! -Take the 215, it is right off at Sahara or Charleston-easier!
4	Great place to shop!  Very good prices, with plenty of food choices as well.  Great job!
3	On Wed. 12/3 a friend & I had lunch at Calif. Pizza Kitchen until 2:00.  The service was terrific & so was the menu.  She had veggie soup & kale/quinoa salad & was happy with both.  I had the spinach/mushroom pizza & Mediter. salad & they also were very good.  These were on the lunch specials which range from $8.95-10.95 for a combo meal.The noise level the entire time was horrendous.  The manager said it was quieter in the back room but before leaving we checked it out.  Just as loud.  The steel ceilings are very high and all floors are hardwood.  We were told all the L.V. stores are being changed out to match this one.  Argh!   I won't return until I can sit outside, probably in the spring.VALERIE
1	The last few times I have came to forever 21 in down town Summerlin , I have been disappointed each and every time . The size options are basically all smalls and some mediums and never any larges. It makes my quick shopping so difficult . I live not even 5 min away from down town Summerlin & I don't see why I have to travel 15 -20'min to the next nearest mall for one or two things just because the downtown Summerlin forever 21 doesn't order in enough bigger sizes . So if your a large in clothes I don't recommend coming to this location !!!!!!!!
2	I wasn't impressed. All the hype was really for nothing. It reminded me of Town Square. Nothing special. We walked the entire mall in less than 30 minutes. The stores are small, everything is so crammed together. I rather stick to Fashion Show.
4	I was actually on my way to JCPenney in the southwest because they have a Sephora.  I drove right past and then realized "Hm.. they might have a Sephora".  They did!  I got everything I came for and then stopped in Macy's... which is pretty small and has a fairly limited selection relative to Fashion Show (where I shop all the time) but Ok for only driving a couple of miles.  I didn't get to Dillards but spent time in Brighton, Ulta, and Torrid and all were comparable to other locations.The mall itself was pretty and I'm anxious to go back after the holidays just to shop, eat, etc.  Regal has theaters and they look to have recliners and food service.  I don't know I would want just average screens for big action movies (I'm an IMAX nut) but it will be great for girls night out when "Magic Mike 2" hits the big(ish) screen.Overall, I'm happy to have a mall so close but a little scared.  I didn't make it to Nordstrom Rack or I would probably be needing a payday loan!
5	I'm so happy this project was completed and is expanding the Las Vegas shopping experiences.  There's a good selection of stores for all types of shoppers and some decent restaurants to fill ya up when you get hungry after trekking around the huge property.  New stores and restaurants will be opening soon too.  It's hopefully a symbol of an upswing in the Las Vegas economy.
3	I was back this past weekend, and had a very nice lunch at Wolfgang Puck.  Several restaurants still haven't opened, but the options are getting better.
4	Wow another new mall! I don't live near this mall, but since it's new, I wanted to check it out. It is a very nice mall I must say. They have an ice rink during winter time and a place to take pictures with Santa during Christmas as well. This is an outside mall so if you're going to go during winter, I suggest bringing something warm.They have a great selection of stores such as Lush, Francesca's, and many more. (Those are some of my favorites.) There's also a Regal movie theater so that's pretty neat too. If I had to summarize this mall in a sentence, I'd say it's like another TownSquare, just way bigger and nicer. More stores are opening up so I can't wait to go see it!
4	This is really more of a 3 1/2 star review but since we can't do halves...Downtown Summerlin is the repurposed evolution of the abandoned construction carcass that was The Shops at Summerlin Centre. I must say, it is a nice addition. Seeing that the only real mall in the western portion of Vegas was the Meadows Mall (which is still pretty far from a lot of people and has been deteriorating for years), for years you pretty much had no choice to either go there, hop around from strip mall to strip mall or venture all the way to The Strip, Henderson or The Outlets if you wanted to get any shopping done. Now me personally, I don't really mind travelling a little to get some shopping done (I mean, I like to have a wide variety of horizons to choose from ya know?), but this is a great new option to have around for those of us who aren't willing to hop around or venture. Now, there's not a large variety of stores yet, but expansion plans are already in the works. The ultimate goal seems to be turning the surrounding area into it's own mini-downtown of sorts, with not only retail and dining but also housing and workspaces. Being someone who adores new urbanism myself, that sounds nothing short of awesome to me. I really like how there's a "range" of stores here so to speak. Upscale stores, like Sephora and Michael Kors next to Anytown, USA mall stores like Hot Topic and Foot Locker. There really is something for everyone, both by interest/personal style and income bracket. There's also a wide variety of dining options as well in addition to a ~luxury~ movie theater. Now I will go into why I would prefer for this to be a 3 1/2 star review: Most of the center is designed as a pedestrian friendly, semi-urban environment, and yet, while searching for certain businesses that seemed to be impossible to find, I discovered that they (Old Navy, Nordstrom Rack, Capriotti's, Five Guys, etc..) were in a separate strip mall section with a giant parking lot separating it from the rest of the center. This was definitely the biggest flaw in my opinion. It totally broke the flow of the new urbanist experience, especially seeing that there was no shortage of parking anyway. In addition to the fact it seems that aside from Zaba's, Panda Express and Wetzel's Pretzel's, it seems that all of the quick dining options were placed in this section which is definitely an inconvenience to those of us in the mall who'd rather grab something and go than sit down when the munchies strike. The Final VerdictPros: More convenient shopping option for the west side. New Urbanist developmentPedestrian friendlyDecent and accessible varietyEasy to access with public transitCons:Strip mall sectionNot many options for "grab and go" foodReturn Factor: 10/10 and hopefully soon!
4	I'm really happy to finally have Downtown Summerlin open. There are a good list of shops, restaurants and stores available. I love how it is similar to Town Square and can be seen right off of the 215 freeway. It was fun to watch it grow as I live just down the street. I hope to see all the bad stores like Shaggy Chic or Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse (don't waste your money those places they have terrible customer service) and more places like Earl of Sandwich and GAP come that way I don't have to drive all the way to Fashion Show Mall for a good shopping trip. Also the luxury regal isn't bad since it's more adult friendly than kid friendly :)
5	I feel like this place has GREAT potential. They have an amazing Regal theater that has leather reclining seats (like a lazy boy chair), bath and body works, Victoria secret....you name it they pretty much have it. I'm a pretty disappointed that they didn't include a Nordstroms here. But they do have a Nordtroms Rack. I'm looking forward to all the restaurants that will be opening up soon. This will def become one of my rotating spots.
1	I really like this place but just for my experience today I am giving it one star. Restaurants weren't well equipped to handle the Christmas shoppers at all but the worst part was the ice rink. This is what happened: Turned up with my daughter and paid the $30 entrance fee for the rink. First they didn't have my daughter's shoe size but assured us we could bring them back if the bigger size didn't fit. It didn't and one boot was broken anyway. As we watched the skaters we noticed there were no 'helpers' for younger children (the sleds kids get to help them keep their balance). In 2 minutes there were two serious injuries as the rink was packed - one head injury and one knee injury and both kids were crying, ice packs etc. Then everyone was called off the rink and the stress of the business and having nowhere to sit or store our things and not having the right size boots made me decide within a few minutes to take the ice skates back and ask for a refund. You would think they would have decent customer service and offer a refund immediately for the wrong boots alone, since they did not have the right size in stock , but they just said "no we can't." I asked for the manager who stood behind me and said the best he could do was comp us for another time. I did not want to be comped. I wanted my money back! I hadn't set foot on the ice and they could see that! Awful rink. They robbed me of $30 straight off the bat. Don't bother going there PLEASE.
5	The manager agreed to refund my money if I take my card in and he was quick to respond via email so resolution quickly met. Thank you.
5	Very nice layout for an outside mall. During the summer I bet those place is jumpin. All the newest stores are here. This place is a lot like town square but with a summerlin feel.
4	I give DTS 4 stars just for being there!  It's great having another retail complex on the west side of town.  Parking is plentiful and the shops feature the typical offerings for a mid-to-higher end mall such as Apple, Sur La Table, Lululemon, and anchor department stores Dillards and Macy's.  I love having Trader Joe's near me and there are enough restaurant options to please most people.  Easy to access off of the 215, DTS is a welcome addition to Summerlin and I look forward to the rest of the advertised shops opening soon as well as the boost in the economy from all the money that is and will be spent here!
4	A very cool shopping center in the Summerlin area (a long-time eagerly anticipated talked-about project in the making, for years, but then the project was held off when the economy took a dump; so is this a sign of a better economy? I really don't think people ever stopped shopping...but I digress).We were one of the crazy people who went there over the Grand Opening weekend (packed!!!). Our plan was heading over to the Red Rock casino for lunch and then we walked over. Some officers were directing traffic, but down the way,  a part of the crossings were also blocked off. There was a couple of greeters with maps and listing guides. In the middle were a Festival, complete with music. (A child dancing became a local news story and later, a subject on the Mark & Mercedes Morning Show on Mix 94.1 FM). Macy's had a balloon sculpting artist; she made a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle balloon for my son. About 20 minutes later, someone stole it from his hands as we were walking- SHAME ON YOU!!! (Sorry, I had to mention that whoever this was was indeed a terrible person for stealing this balloon from my child.)Keep in mind, that it wasn't fully completed when we visited (some months back), so about 35%-40% of the stores and restaurants (MTO cafe) weren't even open yet. The property was beautiful, coming from an architectural standpoint. With ample parking structures and seating areas, the infrastructure is there. (Lots of details were planed out). Lots of the shops (H & M, Macy's, Sephora) are appealing, so I am sure that this will be a shopping hotspot for residents and visitors alike. I did notice that some restaurants had al fresco dining (which is nice, but not in the summer time, unless there is some shade). The best part of the entire project, is the fountain and water feature that clearly had a sign up for people to keep out (but that didn't stop the very many parents or their children from going into the water. I suspect that until someone has a slip and fall accident, maybe a railing of some sort will not be a priority. We met a cool security guard from Hawaii and we were talking with him a while. We want to come back, and hope to see more development (stores/restaurants open).
2	I hate this mall just as much as a I hate town square. Now, no doubt that its nice to drive directly to the shop you're looking for if you don't want to mosey around, but good luck finding parking in front of or even one street over from said shop. Being an outside mall, I don't like coming here on a cold day and I guarantee I won't be visiting at all if I can help it in the Summer. And my god, people walk around here like complete idiots, so drive slow and beware for morons who jaywalk and just generally jet out in front of you, likely just for shits and giggles or in an effort to collect on your full coverage auto insurance.
3	I don't really know where to start with this one. I have come here on a few occasions now and it comes up short so far. I like the concept and as far as location, I was excited about being so close, but when I'm here it's very lackluster. I think this place will get better once they open up the rest of their planned outlets. Right now, it feels very unfinished. It's already 10 times better than it was when they opened, so I see potential.Some of my favorite stores are here which is a big plus and I look forward to having more and more as they finish up, but for now I mostly just stick to the stores on the south side of the mall so I don't have to hassle with valet and street parking.
3	I'm a big fan of Town Square and outdoor malls in general, so I was excited that they have opened another outdoor mall in LV. We started from the south end near Dillard's then walked around and up to the north end. So far, I'm not really impressed w/ Downtown Summerlin. There are a bunch of clothing stores (from low-end to high-end), department stores, few specialty stores, a movie theatre, and eateries but it falls short in terms of layout and selection. It has a dry, concrete, pavement feel :/ I was expecting something like the Americana in Glendale, or the Grove in LA but I feel that Downtown Summerlin is very ordinary compared to those two. It looks like just another shopping outlet, but with a fountain that looks like a kitchen strainer and everything is much more far apart w/ LOTS of parking in between. No cute little play area/park for families w/ little ones or pets too :(The food choices here are also not that great. Nothing special here - seems like either chain stuff, or overpriced high-end restaurants. We ate at Crave since we got tired of walking around everywhere (all the eateries are scattered!) looking for what and where to eat. Ambiance and service was good, but the food wasn't and did not match the high prices.At least there's plenty of parking & it seems to be a nice addition to Summerlin. It's great how they have a Apple store & Trader Joe's now. I used to live around this area when it was basically dirt and a bunch of large, fancy houses. This shopping center just doesn't have the same charm as Town Square and other outdoor malls in California.
2	Welcome to Downtown Summerlin. The Mall that hates your children. As a parent then watching this mall get built was so exciting. This quadrant of Vegas definitely needed a shopping area and even in their family fun filled opening it looked like they were doing everything right.But once those opening day balloons deflated then it became clear that they didn't build this mall with children in mind. Parks: There is NONE. During that opening weekend I didn't even notice since they had so many street vendors doing kids stuff. But on a regular day then there's absolutely nowhere to let your kids run around. (yes, there's the water monolith near the theater but that clearly isn't meant for kids. Stores: the shoppes are mainly upscale which is to be expected. But where's the Children's Place? They have one of those "don't touch the toys" Toy Stores and a Build a Bear but that's it. Even the Apple Store is missing it's little "Kids" Table that is found in every Apple Store across the country. Events: To be fair they are trying. sometimes they have events but they haven't matched up to the opening weekend. They had a horribly cast 6ft Elsa and 4'7" Anna at the ice rink and they buried Santa in that unused tent. I'm not slamming on the mall. We like it very much BUT it does definitely feel as if a more permanent kids area is missing and I hope they address it in that open field where the temporary skate rink was put up.
