5	The Tempe comedy club, which has been featured on NBC's "Last Comic Standing" twice, draws some of the biggest comedy headliners from around the U.S. Jerry Seinfeld, David Spade, Jay Mohr and Kathy Griffin have all taken the stage at this hot comedy room. Former "Saturday Night Live" comedian sold out all of his performances at the club last weekend! And the Improv recently debuted the Cabaret, an intimate 95-person showroom attached to the club. The room will serve as a stage for up-and-coming comedians, local comedians and one-man shows. Todd Glass from the second season of  "Last Comic Standing" sold out the room a few weeks ago.
2	Sweet merciful Jebus. I will never go to the Tempe Improv again. I used to go years ago, and always had a good time. I have been twice now in the last couple of months, the last time- and I do mean the LAST time- was last night for the taping of "Last Comic Standing". The management needs a serious and swift kick in the rear. The impression we were all left with is that they truly did not give a damn that we were left to stand outside for up to 2-1/2 hours later than what we were told, that we were just plain lucky that we got even one drink, and that the food we ordered- well, it just wasn't coming in the end. But who gives a crap? It's just their customers. Apparently we are all replaceable. A comedian who came up on stage to entertain while the judges and producers were debating the semi-finalists, gave some non-sensical explanation about how the "rules had changed" and that they had in fact made the food we ordered, but the staff got to "gorge themselves" on it in the back. They then had the audacity to ask us to pay for our drinks. The same comedian made reference to the Improv "making it up to us" somehow, but nothing came. Nothing except glasses of nasty tap water at the 11th hour. Oh- THAT was my comp for a miserable evening, starving and dehydrating? Gee, guess I should be grateful. Two stars for Bill Bellamy who was very funny, two of the wanna-be's who made me pee my pants a little, and getting to see Kathy Najimy and Fred Willard. Negative stars to the Improv itself for creating an atmosphere of discontent, hostility, and degradation.
4	I just returned home from my 5th or 6th visit to Tempe Improv... Tonight we saw Owen Benjamin and there was a guest appearance from Jimmy Fallon - they were fantastic!  The show was a little shorter than expected, (it was just over an hour), but we had a lot of laughs.  Brandy, our server, took good care of us - we had a group of 8 and we all arrived at different times, so we were probably not the easiest table to wait on.  Food is pretty good and they have a full bar as well.  I had the Four Seasons Salad with shrimp and stole a bunch of fries from my friend's plate... the waffle kind - yum!In the past, I've seen Todd Glass, Flip Orley, and Craig Shoemaker "The Love Master"  perform... It always fun and something different to do.  Expect to pay around $20 for the ticket and another $20+ depending on what you order during the show.  I think it's worth it for all the laughs!
4	Get there early for dinner and you won't be disappointed!  They have a really great appetizer selection.I actually like sitting in the balcony.  I'm a shortie (5 feet tall) and sometimes have difficulty seeing the stage when I set downstairs.I'm a bit partial, since it was my first stage, but the management and staff are awesome!Check out their website.  Sometimes, they have locals perform on Sundays with the weekend headliner doing a guest spot.  It's cheaper!And don't forget:  When Jerry Seinfeld decided to return to comedy, he picked the Tempe Improv to be his first show!  It's the comics' favorite place to perform!
4	If you aren't in the mood for the bar / club scene, but want to go out, this is the place for you.  You wont spend much more than you would at a bar, the only difference is that you will get live entertainment and laughs at the Improv. But not every big name is a hit.  For instance, I wouldn't recommend Richard Lewis or Jay Mohr.   Food is pretty good, I highly recommend the oven baked cookie with ice creme as dessert.  Yum.  The waiting staff are always friendly and attentive.I can always count on Improv for a good time, do some research on the comedian and if he seems your style, you and your friends/date will have a great time.  As for tickets, if you book online you pay an online fee of some ridiculous $3.00 a ticket.  Call them and see if you can get it cheaper via phone or in person.Make sure to arrive at least 30 minutes early.  You'll need more time for special events or just book dinner reservations and you'll be seated before everyone else.
2	I went to the Improv and saw Mitch Fatel who was fantastic!  But, the Improv could do with some exterminating.  Before Mitch started, I looked down and saw a HUGE roach crawling up my hand & arm.  I screamed and ran to tell the Manager who tried to kill it as it was crawling up the wall.  He said "sorry", moved us to another table and that was it.  Nobody came by to ask if we wanted anything to drink.  It would have been nice to have the Manager come by and apologize again, offer tickets or a complimentary shot after having a large roach crawl up my arm!  After the show was over, our waitress came by with our bill.  So we sat there for an hour and a half without water or any drinks and she came by at the end of the show to throw the bill down on the table.  Unbelievable!
5	This is a world class comedy club.  Every time I go here I end up smashed and laughing my ass off.  2 drink minimum of course, but that is expected.They bring in the creme de la creme of comedy in here.  I saw Joe Rogan and was rolling on the floor almost.  The food is pretty deez, but this is a comedy club and anyone with half a brain would hook up dinner before the show.  Drinks aren't too pricey, and actually cheap in respects to being sold in a venue.  Check out their website and roll in one night when a performer you dig is there, you won't be disappointed.
5	Man, I love this place!! It's the perfect place to go for a night out. The comedians are amazing- I can't say that I've seen a bad one in the dozens of times i've been and who doesn't love to laugh?? The food is a touch overpriced for Tempe, but it's nice to sit and chat for awhile with an appetizer before the comedians come on stage. My favorite place to sit for a date/2 person party: in the back of the showroom at the high-top tables. Then you can  have some private conversation - at the tables on the floor, they seat in 4s, so if you go with a date, you will end up sitting with 2 other people- can be good for conversation, but that depends on the people you're next to.
4	Fun! In my three week excursion in the Valley of the Sun (alone on business travel, sad, no?), this was definitely a highlight. Buy your ticket online, show up maybe an hour and a half early for a decent seat and meal, and you've got your evening all set!Staff was very nice. I re-ordered my drink a few times because I swear they didn't put any alcohol in it (yeah, I'm Asian, but I'm not THAT lightweight), and that created no issues. Waitress was quite attentive, but maybe that's because I was alone and she felt sorry for me. Who knows!Food is meh, but you don't come here for the food. Pretty pricey too; I ended up paying over $50 for nachos, a French dip sandwich, a cocktail, and a couple beers. Thank goodness I'm not paying for it!Performance was great. Mitch Fatel was definitely rated R (highlights included discussion of inverted nipples, explicit things to do with white bread, and gynecology), and don't sit in the front unless you have little shame ;). Have fun!
3	At long last, I saw Patton Oswalt here. Totally worth the wait and line.What to say about this place? Really, it's just a spot where you go to see someone on stage in a non-musical setting. This place was way bigger inside than I would've imagined it was from the outside and I was able to get a pretty view from the balcony. Let's be honest too, you don't really go here for the food. Their offerings are so-so, but they had a couple good dishes like the chipotle fettuccine. The downside? the service is really slow.The space and food here aren't that special, but it's really just a spot made so that you watch someone in the front. What else could you possibly say about the Improv?Also, the local comedians that come here suck. Don't waste your money unless they're openers for someone like Patton Oswalt.
4	We just happened to be walking by the Improv one night when we saw Richard Lewis's name on the marquee and said 'Hey, he's cool.  Let's go see that.' What a fabulous time we had for such a spur of the moment decision.OK, chraging extra because you're using a credit card is annoying, but its a comedy club - they're famous for dinging you any way they can.  We were early so we ended up getting great seats in the center of the stage.  We got the cheapest bottle of wine they had to cover our two drink minimum.  Service was great, the wine actually wasn't awful.  When you can get 4 drinks for $25 at a comedy club, that's a win.And of course Richard Lewis was great.  He had three local comics warm up the crowd, which they did to varying degrees of success. Good laughs, nice club, friendly service. Their upcoming schedule showed several well known comedians, so I highly recommend catching the light rail to Tempe and trying this out.
4	Saw Mitch Fatel here a couple months back, very nice place.  Pretty small so no matter where you are seated you're close to the stage.  Service was good the they keep the crowd under control (not that they needed it, but they notified us that disruptions are taken seriously).  Will definitely be back again.
5	Jim Breuer.... JIM BREUER!  Holy crap, I'm glad our table was near the exit to the bathroom because I nearly pissed my pants twice from laughter.  Anyway, onto the place itself.This is one of the best comedy clubs I have ever been in.  Tables were crowded as you could expect, but still a great view from anywhere on the floor.  There's no pillars in the way or other obstructions.  We were near the back of the first floor, which was still close enough to easily see Jim's facial expressions.  There is a two item minimum per person, which can be food or drinks.  No one ate any food (we saw the 10pm show) but the drinks came out quickly and beers were ice cold.  This place is also easy to get to and there is a sushi restaurant with $5 sake bombs for happy hour... and I'm not just talking about half a beer and a shot of sake.  These $5 drinks consist of a LARGE Japanese beer and a half pitcher of sake.  You can probably make 3-4 bombs out of this.  I can't remember the name of the place, but it's right downstairs from the club in the same strip mall.
4	We love the Improv. We go here all the time, most recently to see Jim Breuer (who was absolutely hilarious). If you haven't been to the Tempe Improv, then you might not be a fan of comedy.Obviously, your experience will vary depending upon who the performing Comedian is and how funny he/she is, but for the most part, the Improv gets some pretty hilarious individuals passing through.The venue itself is a relatively small "theater", which means that you won't be straining your eyes to see the performer no matter where you sit. As far as seat recommendations go, we always try to get a front row spot on the balcony, which provides a great view and a non-cramped seating arrangement (the table seating is cramped).A few things keep me from giving the Improv 5 stars.1) The 2 drink minimum is lame.2) They don't serve their draft beer upstairs, which means that I can't order a Fat Tire and I have to downgrade to drinking Newcastle's, which I really don't like very much.3) They are super agro about cameras & photos. Absolutely no photos are allowed. Even a grainy, blurry, camera phone snap will incur the wrath of the wait staff.We're huge fans of standup comedy, so we'll keep going back to the Improv for more and more, but I just wish they had a good beer available in the balcony area.
2	Hmm.. perhaps I'm rating so low because I was so amped to go to this place since I live in Tempe, love comedy, and love improv. I mean, I was really excited. Me, my boyfriend, his friend, and my roommate went a few weeks ago to see... Hmm.. Don't really remember her name. She wasn't that great- perhaps one of the reasons of my distaste for the Tempe Improv. Either way, it was really annoying. When you get there before the show you have two options, stand outside in line, where all the smokers gab and obnoxiously flick their cigarette ashes carelessly... or inside the "waiting area-with a two drink minimum". The "bouncer" outside didn't really have a personality and was rude when explaining that to us. Strike 1.Since I'm a non-smoker, I opted to not have the disgusting scent of ciggs on my cute outfit. We headed inside, all grabbed a seat, and chatted... eagerly awaiting the opening of the theater. We waited there for about 20 minutes, not once being approached by a server for our drink orders. Strike 2.Finally, the cue was given and everyone rushed through the doors. There were ushers whom sat everyone according to party size. We sat at a long table, pretty close to the front. The chairs were very close together and a foot behind me was another party. We were all crammed in there. Forcefully packed like sardines. Strike 3. I was already convinced by this point that I wasn't going to come back, but I didn't let that ruin my night. I laughed at the opening acts, ordered some ridiculously over priced beverages and attempted to enjoy the show. Once the main comedian hit the stage it was getting really warm from all the bodies inches from mine. I requested water and was brought a 16oz  glass bottle of Evian... for $6. Awesome.Ugh, I've had better. I'll only be going to the Comedy Spot in Scottsdale, which despite its location, is more down to earth, breezy, comfortable, and fair priced than THIS.Tempe Improv is a joke... literally.
4	I had been wanting to see a show here for a while now and just never found the chance until the other day. I had heard Flip Orley, Comedian and Hypnotist, on KUPD while getting ready for work, talking about his show at Tempe Improv. With nothing scheduled for the evening I thought I would give TI a try. I rolled solo to this event and was not sure what to expect. It turns out they serve full dinners if you choose or you can hang out up in the balcony and wait to be seated once the general admission hours start. I chose to eat dinner and be seated. They sat me at a table with 3 very nice people right up next to the stage. The food was better than expected (I had the taco salad) although the service was a bit off. I volunteered to go up on stage for the show and ended up being one of 8 or so that he hypnotized. There was no barking like a dog or clucking like a chicken. It was all good fun. Tempe Improv exceeded my expectations, I got good food, a couple of drinks and quality entertainment for about $50 (yes included the ticket price).
4	I've been here a few times on date nights, and LOVE IT. We have only been here once when a comedian was so bad there was crickets, but he was one of the starting acts. All the others were hilarious. We've seen Gabriel Iglesias, Rob Schneider, and someone else, but that was too long ago to remember.I've never tried the food, but heard it stinks. The beer and cocktail prices are fair - not as bad as a concert but a buck or two higher than a restaurant.This place would have a five star review if the seats were more comfortable. It's pretty cramped and the seats are not comfortable at all. If they fixed that, we would go here all the time!
4	Took in a show here on Friday night (Josh Blue headlined).After checking their website and looking at the calendar, I called in late that afternoon trying to get tickets for the 8pm show which I was told was sold out.  So I went ahead and purchased a ticket for the 10pm show.  Showing up early (just after 9pm) the line to get in to the 10pm show was already forming.  It was very humid and warm as I stood in line.  They door men/bouncers passed out bottles of cold water to us in line.  However, I would have rather been inside at the bar in the lobby having a drink before the show like I have when I have had tickets for the early show.  While it feels a little cramped at times once seated, everyone finds their space.  The service is pretty good and it is fun to watch the servers move through the crowd getting to everyone who's ordered.  Honestly I was impressed.  The times I have been there they have been friendly.   Prompt may be another story. I look forward to future shows.
4	Saw Adam Carolla here last week (who by the way was hilarious). We had dinner reservations (you come for dinner and get priority seating).  Got there about 30 minutes after doors opened (an hour and half before show start time) and the place was already packed.  We got seats on the 1st floor but toward the back - good view nonetheless (and Adam actually walked right by me and gave me a high five).Ordered the calamari to start - very tasty.  For dinner I had the pasta alfredo with portabello (yummy) and husband had the prime rib (he enjoyed it).  Had a couple cocktails and a couple beers.  Bill came to something like $130! YIKES! Service was great, food was great, drinks were great, prices not-so-great!!!Would love to come back again but will have to be more mindful of what we order so we don't spend an arm and a leg.  FYI, the portions are large for the entrees so they could easily be shared between 2 people.
4	My wife has taken me here a number of times.  The opening acts are usually good for a few laughs.I remember watching Russell Peters there.  He was HILARIOUS!Dave Attell was really funny too.The Tempe Improv staff is great.  They get you what you need in a timely manner.  The food is good.  You really can't expect much from a comedy club, as far as dining goes, but their food is very above average.  After the show, the comics usually hang out by the bar, and really interact with the fans.  Tip 1.  Go to the bathroom before the show starts.Tip 2.  Don't heckle the comedians.Tip 3.  Be nice to your servers and tip them well.I'd definitely go to The Tempe Improv again.  In fact, I'll be there in a week and a half to see another show with a few family members.Get some comic relief in your life.
4	I went to see Iliza Shlesinger a few weeks ago with my husband, sister, and her fiance. I wasn't quite sure what to expect, especially having read the polarized reviews here, but we ended up having a great time.I liked the location, which is easy to get to, and close to Yogurtini (great for a snack before or after the show). We arrived early, wandered around a bit, discovered Yogurtini, and made our way up the steps just a few minutes before six; I think we were the fourth or fifth group in line. We ended up with a great table close to the stage. Yes, the tables are shoved up against one another, but it's fine; we had no difficulty walking amongst the tables and it was easy to ignore or talk to others if we wanted.We shared appetizers, and it was plenty of food even without an entree; I do think the prices were a bit stiff, but considering the amount of time you spend in the seats, they were fine.It was easy to hear the comedians (two openers and the main act), but not so easy to hear the rest of my party before the show. It's one big open room, terrible for acoustics. Not to mention they practically blew my eardrums out with their opening video, highlighting some upcoming shows and the rules. I don't know why they had to play it so loud.All in all, besides the sound level, it was a very enjoyable night.
4	I've been to the Tempe Improv many times, maybe more than I should fess up to, lol. It's always a great time! Purchase your tickets on-line & arrive at least 1 to 1 1/2 hours before your show time. It's first come first serve so you don't want to end up in the back. You need to be prepared to sit in close proximity to others, in other words, if you're a "respect the bubble" type of person, you might want to rethink your choice. If you're with a large group you all need to purchase your tickets together so that you're seated together, or call the box office to see what they can do. The menu has been simplified, there's not much to choose from, but the food is decent & counts towards your 2 item requirement. If you're easily offended you can check out their Sideshow Cafe (I think that's what it's called) were the comedy is appropriate for all ages. Every time I go there's at least one person with a bitter beer face & I just assume they are generally unhappy people, because the show is good! This is a place for people watching & good comedy. As an added bonus, the staff is always very nice.
5	When I draw a blank for date night, it seems the Improv always ends up working out. LOVE that they have a dinner menu/show, and a late night option. I love options!I think the best part of the show is how accessible the comedians are. The second or third time I went, I saw Tom Wilson (who played BIFF in back to the future) and he was great, and signed my trilogy set.  We got to chat before the show and bought his stand-up CD. Another time, we saw Jamie Kennedy (who is MUCH funnier than you'd think) and were able to see him after the show as well.I LOVE the Improv!
4	Always a good laugh. Get the cheese platter.
4	We went here tonight to see Jo Koy. I have never been to a comedy show before at an Improv theater so it was a new experience. This place is pretty rad. You can eat dinner here before the show, so its perfect for date night. Be aware that there is a two drink minimum, regardless of whether or not you are drinking alcohol. I had to drink a coke AND an iced tea tonight and paid $7 for it. I understand why they do this; it just would have been nice to know beforehand. The tickets to the show were $20 so I spent about $30 total which was totally worth it. The venue itself is pretty swank. There is no backstage at all so the comedians just mingle with the people. I got up to use the restroom during the opening act and saw Jo in the lobby drinking before his turn. It is pretty intimate, with dim lights and pretty small audience. If you sit in front be prepared to be heckled by the comedians. All in all its a fun little place to go with friends or on a date for a good laugh, and I will definitely be going to another show here in the future.
4	Always a good time here.  A lot of big names come around and I've seen some of the best.  Only advice I can give is if you book an early show that day, the seating is first come first serve.  The later shows are seated based on the order the tickets were purchased. Like I said ALWAYS a good time!
4	Had a great time, would definitely go there again. Tickets were $17 bucks with a two purchase (drinks/food) minimum, we went to the 9 show which was drinks/appetizers only. The 7 shows your able to get there much earlier and eat dinner before/during.It's a lil more expensive than your typical bar but that was expected since it's a "specialty" place. Dress for guys is polo/button up, either would work as well as "classy" shorts in the summer.The headliner followed two opening acts, both of which have had Comedy Central and/or talk-show or TV appearances so they weren't random no namers... Weren't big names though obviously. All three entertainers were funny and the party I was with had a blast, would definitely like to return to the Tempe Improv.
5	I am starting to conclude that this might just be my most favorite place in the world right now!!! So if I ever am missing and you are wondering where to find me, try this place first! I have been to the Improv so many times and have never really been let down. Almost all the comedians I have seen are extremely talented and hilarious. Let me see if I can name all the ones I have seen: Greg Berehnt (hes just not that into you), Michael Winslow (guy from Police acadamy movies), Gabriel Iglesius, Al Madrigal, Flip Orly (hypnotist), Michael McDonald (MAD Tv, not the singer), Jamie Kennedy, Johnny Sanchez (MAD Tv), and Bob Marley (no not the dead reggae singer). I would have to say the only one that didn't make me laugh as hard was Michael Winslow, there were some slow parts during his show. The rest were terrific though. My favorite is probably a tie between Al Madrigal and Johnny Sanchez. Yes, the no names seem to be the funnier ones. May its cause you go in not expecting much and they turn out to be awesome. Anyways, if you love to laugh and have a good time, this is the place for you. Besides the entertainment, the food and drink is also decent. The hubby and I are a fan of their buffalo wings, zucchini chips, nachos, and cookie dessert. And of course, what goes better together than comedy and booze? Their electric lemonade is very tasty along with the simple oldie but goodie pineapple juice and malibu.Keep in mind when ordering tickets that besides the 20 or so $ for the tickets, you will also have to buy 2 items per person which is usually another $40-$50 for a night of fun and laughs. Not a cheap outing, but a really good one for birthdays, anniversaries, etc.Oh and a final tip, if its just you and one other person going, the high top tables in the back are the best to try to request one. Otherwise, you will be sat with complete strangers at some tiny table and are literally arm and arm most of the time....Its up to you but either way, you get the same amount of puny table space when you think about it. Oh and make sure you order your tickets online as they do sell out most of the time...
2	Been going to the Tempe Improv for about 5 years and seen atleast 12 comedians.  I wouldn't complain about paying 47 dollars for two tickets, I last seen Bob Marley a week ago.  The entertainment is great and the set up to view the comedians is very good.For the bad, the food and drinks are extremely expensive.  I enjoy seeing the early dinner show to get a good seats and to not have to wait in line for the late show.  Ordered the chicken sandwich which was average, probably should have added the bacon and avocado for extra because it was a bit dry.  Costed $12 dollars which I belive should have been no more then $8.  My date ordered chicken fingers which came with no fries, which was something new.  I believe that was $10 dollars which was obsured.  I didn't know the price of my dates vodka and cranberries in which she ordered three, but when I got the bill they were 9 bucks a piece ouch.  My wine was $7 dollars and that was bottom of the barrell wine.  The seats are really uncomfortable, they haven't updated those in forever and the tables are just bla.  They really neat to amp up the inside of that joint and lower the prices cuz it's real bummer when you get the bill in the end.
4	Good times at the Improv. Table service was a little weak but i was there to laugh, not eat/drink. So yeah...
5	Took my lova' on a date here and we had such a good time ! I was impressed and the whole experience was way different from what i anticipated. I Bought our tickets online. We got there early and were able to wait in a lounge they have open before the main show. There is a drink minimum, so if you are looking for a cheap date night then i suggest you look elsewhere. We loved the atmosphere, had good seats, service was great also for the place being packed. You can order food as well, (fruit and cheese platter was awesome!)So glad we came here and I will from now on be checking frequently to see who is performing. Awesome place if you're looking for a little change  from the normal night out. and yes, seats are close together, but if you don't like people then why are you going to watch one make jokes??
4	Great for Dinner and Laughs all in one. Show up early for dinner and drinks before the show and enjoy drinks during the show. Have to be 21 for the floor, otherwise under 21 can get in and sit at the balcony right before the show. I've been here three times and enjoyed every visit!
2	As an Arizona native, I have been going to the Improv for years.  I'm sorry to say that although it showcases some big names, the talent and atmosphere has really gone downhill.   Despite the increase in comedy theatres in the East Valley, the Improv has not decreased their prices or upgraded the experience.  I can go to three other comedy clubs in the area for $5-10 cheaper, and LMAO... which is the point!  The last show I went to, I spent premium pricing to see David Spade, and I have to say it was joke. The show started about 30 minutes late and he appeared to be pretty intoxicated.   It wasn't funny at all.  After that debacle, I held off on the Improv for a while and just hit up the other comedy clubs when I needed a laugh.  We decided to give the Improv another shot on Friday, because we really wanted to see Michael McDonald.  I have nothing bad to say about any of the acts, unfortunately I couldn't enjoy them because I was trying to make my way through the worst Martini I've ever had... (cucumber). On top of it being awful, it was $12 (Of course there was no pricing listed). What a rip-off!  The terrible Martini was not the worst of it, we were forced to share a table with another couple... okay not so bad, except they had us all packed in like sardines. The whole set up was ridiculous.  No one's chairs were actually facing the stage. I had so much back pain from having to twist around to see the comics,( because there was not enough room to move my chair) that I just wanted the show to end so I could leave.  To make matters worse, when we did leave, we realized that a large number of tables were actually left empty... so I went through all that discomfort for nothing!  Big Boo for the Improv.... Save your money and go somewhere else!
4	I am kind of surprised at all of the sub-par reviews I read on here before going to the Improv tonight, but I have to guess that they improved a lot of things because I didn't have much to complain about. My friend and I bought tickets to see Michael Ian Black tonight, and we got tickets for the early show as to avoid the lines for the late show (thanks fellow Yelpers!). We got there at around 6pm so we could get seats and have dinner before the show. To echo other reviews, there's a 2-item minimum, which isn't really that outrageous because there's a pretty decent price range of items you can get. I got the chicken tenders ($10), fries ($4) and blackberry electric lemonade ($9). I could have done without the fries because I could barely finish the chicken tenders...and the drink was pretty watered down...I would suggest sticking to bottled beers. Yeah the tables are pretty close, but I didn't feel claustrophobic and there was enough room for my friend (who was in the aisle) to scoot out of the way. Really, if you don't enjoy making friends with your neighbors, I'd recommend going with a group so that you don't have to share a table or be in close proximity with people you don't know...or asking for one of the two-top tables in the back. But the couple at our table was nice and we had a good time. The host, opening act, and of course Michael were great, and the wait staff was great as well. Plus we got two free passes for future shows (might be a standard? idk). Like others have said, it's a pretty pricey night out ($50 for food, drink, and ticket for one), but sans the watered down drink, it was a great experience and I'll definitely be back.
3	My main squeeze and I went a "Class Clowns" show (amateur night) at the Tempe Improv to support one of his former co-workers. The night was thoroughly A-OK:The Good:They do have some big names coming through the theater, and I signed up for their text message service which broadcasts the upcoming appearances. The theater is spacious and well air conditioned complete with the tradition brick wall. "So how about those airline prices..."The staff is VERY VERY attentive. I would say better than some of the restaurants that I have patronized. The Bad:In addition to cover charge there is a two item minimum for each person. Drinks are not cheap either, so expect to spend $50+ for one night.The drinks were not very good for the priceWe did not have the food, but judging by what I saw it looked like traditional bar fare. It is just horrendously overpriced. TL;DR Would go back for a big name comedian, but too expensive otherwise.
4	Tempe Improv always delivers a great night, I have two small issues with the Improv, first is you are always packed in like a sardine and this is a bit uncomfortable, the second is the drinks are really watered down.  Great date place and super fun for a group of friends to go to!
4	Had an excellent time Saturday night here to see Jim Breuer.  Ticket prices were nice to see a popular headliner, even with a 2 drink minimum. Place was easy to find. Seats for us was fabulous.. (center stage).  It was a great night out, only reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because even with prepaid tickets we had to wait in line just to be seated.  When it's over 105 out and a scare of rain I didn't like being stuck outside in a hot and sweaty line for 30 minutes.  Service came around only once to take our drink orders and suggested to buy both drinks at once, which was a good suggestion, cause I never saw him again. Drink prices not on menu, and a little overpriced, but I weighed that out to the cheap ticket prices and felt it was a fair price to pay.  Show was fun, place was clean and it was awesome that Jim stuck around afterwords for a meet and greet with fans.  I will differently be coming back.
5	This club is what you make it. I've read horrible reviews about the Tempe Improv but our experience is always great! Yeah the servers aren't at your beck & call but they're super busy...gotta be patient! I suggest to having a few drinks before you go so your not so uptight:)
5	Who doesn't like a good laugh? Always a great time at the Improv. Now we only go when we know the headliner, so we really can't rate the amateur nights. Anyways had a great night here a couple weeks ago. We decided to take my parents who are comedy fanatics like myself and we had an amazing time. First of all it was so easy ordering our tickets online! BTW, since we go there frequently we got an email giving us the tickets for free. Always a nice bonus!Make sure you arrive early so you can get a seat up close. Always fun when you have comedians who like to involve the crowd. We got there early enough to be close, but just outside the comedians reach. We usually don't get food, but we ordered some and were pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Another huge bonus for this place since most comedy clubs we have gone too the food is usually sub par pub grub.All three of the comedians were awesome! The Emcee was very weak, but the comedians did a great job getting people back to that happy place. I have the Improv bookmarked on my phone and computer to keep an eye on the calender of events. We will be back soon and often. Thanks Improv for providing a little laughter in the hot Arizona summers.
4	Saw Jim Breuer on the 30th of July. I haven't laughed that hard in a while. The two openers were funny as well. We were in the first row so it was even better. We arrived early but still had to wait for an hour in the heat which sucked, 105 degrees plus. Once we were finally sat the show started so we really didn't get time to enjoy the atmosphere. We ordered two drinks each and split some nachos which came out to be $54 dollars which seemed pricey. Overall we had an awesome time.
4	I absolutely LOVE going to the Tempe Improv- even if it is in ASU territory (sorry I'm a UofA Alum). I've been to the Improv many times- for date night, with friends, with visiting family members, and every time we have a great experience. Lately, the improv has been giving out free tickets, which we've been taking advantage of. This is a great place to go when you want to do something different/special. There is a two item/drink minimum, which for us isn't usually a problem. We'll go for dinner or get drinks and dessert. The food is just ok, but really you're not going for that. The prices can be high, but really for a night out, it's not too bad, just depends on what you're comfortable spending. They don't offer refills on soda, which is weird, and the tables are very close together and you often get sat with people you don't know. This can be awkward sometimes, but just adds to the whole experience. Anyways- sorry for the babbling... just go to the improv! It's a good time for all and you will surely enjoy yourself!
4	The largest Comedy Club in Metro Phoenix. I watched a good friend of mine perform and had a great time. The drinks are a little pricey and the food is mediocre at best, but the comedy here is great!
3	This place is a lot of fun. Be sure and have your expectation switch shut off though. If you have never been here before then there are a few things you must know -Expect bar quality food. I personally found it satisfactory but those who go in expecting way more might be disappointed.-Expect to be squished. They pack you in like sardines. I understand they need to fit as many as possible but it does take on a new extreme. -Drinks, pricey.  Once again, they gotta make their money. Drinks are kinda rough on wallet but I really enjoyed them.-Customer service blows. I don't go for the service.   Have had a few great experiences there and I have really enjoyed the talent. My reason for the 4 stars is because the experience I had in line (people cutting, smoking, the line lasted forever, and the trouble I had getting a drink (45mins after I walked in before I got a drink)   Overall it's a pretty cool experience if you have never been. I still like to go for some of my favorite comics but I don't take advantage of free shows because after the two drink minimum and service fees I still ended up paying about $50.
4	Okay had a good time food was good wife had the Prime rib plate for only $12.00 and I had the average chicken wings (24) for $18.00 but the Cosmo drinks was $13.00 each and my double Jack and Coke cost me $18.00 each with a 2 drink minimum and we were there drinking with friends for 3 hours my  bill reached $170.00 for the two of us to have a good time, not including the tickets. so if you can't afford those numbers drink your specialty drinks at home order a beer or a glass of wine.  * I was a bit shocked when I got the bill.... I guess that's why they gave me some free tickets to come back!
4	The Tempe Improv can get some very good acts for the comedy circuit trail. We saw Richard Lewis there. It was not full, but I would say he is a major headliner for a comedy club.  I think the location would be better in scottsdale, as college kids may not be into richard lewis. Another time, we saw the black comedian, it's okay, I can say that, i am white....who does skits on a tv show. L will help me out with his name when I edit this another day.
2	My husband and I have been to the Tempe Improv many times, but after this last visit, I just can't justify the expenditure any longer...Worst margarita I've ever tasted. At $11 each, with a 2 drink minimum, they're the most expensive house margaritas I've ever had as well. Yuck.No belly laughs from me or my husband (or anyone else in the house, save the relatives of the warm-up acts populating the audience) for the entire hour and a half...A few chuckles, an hour wait sitting in uncomfortable seats in a too warm room with bad food and drinks is NOT worth the $100 or so we spent on the evening. I think they should have to PAY US $100 to come back...
3	I don't like the way they do tickets. I don't like the way they seat people. I don't like the old videos they show before the comedians perform telling you to turn off your cell phone. I don't like the sound quality. The seats are uncomfortable. The food is merely decent... seems to be Smart & Final fare. The drinks are stiff, but incredibly expensive. That all said, I've never had a bad time here. I've seen some great performances at the Improv. It's a large, but intimate club. There always seems to be a few drunk assholes that heckle or disturb, but most of the audience respects the acts. I prefer seeing people at Celebrity, Orpheum, or Comerica, but there's something about Tempe Improv that makes it more personal and authentic. The best thing about Improv is that there's almost always something going on there. If you're hard up for something to do on a weekend night, you can usually look up and find someone halfway decent performing there. It makes for a good date night (albeit expensive). It's tough to have a bad time here.
4	I have been here twice now, once to see Michael Ian Black and the second time was for New Years Eve with Kevin Nealon.  Its a pretty decent comedy club, although I have only been to one other.  I give it four stars because I got to meet Kevin Nealon and shake his hand.  The first time we were there we had a side table for two, which seemed to be a pretty prime seating arrangement.  The nachos I had both times were excellent and went well with the Heineken's. If you're looking for something different to do I would recommend it.  Just make sure to use proper etiquette.  There was one guy who didn't understand that the rest of us were there to see the people on stage and not him.  No worries though, Michael Ian Black took care of him with some choice words.
4	I've always had a great time when coming here to the Improv.  From seeing Lewis Black in the '90s, to Michael Ian Black last year, it's a good choice for something to do on the weekends.  If you are on their e-mail list, they will occasionally send you discounts and free tickets.  We got free tickets to a show last weekend, which was nice, but technically they were $5 tickets per person since they do not discount your service charge.  If you go for a show, there is a 2 item minimum, but it can be any combination of food or/and drink.  Remember that the waiters will try to up-sell you at every moment, conveniently leaving out the up-sell price.  For instance, at our first visit, our waiter kept on asking us if we wanted refills on our soda, which we said yes to.  We were then surprised to find out later on that they charge you per soda glass they refill, something the waiter had conveniently forgotten to mention.  In another instance, I had asked for nachos, and the waiter immediately asked me, "Chicken, beef, or both with that?" as if the meat options were included in the price, when it will actually automatically add at least $3 to your total bill.
5	Always have a blast at the Improv.  Its an event whenever you go and watch a show.
4	Went on Friday, 4/27/12.  Jim Belushi and the Chicago Improv Group. They were very good.  Thoroughly enjoyed the show.  Great improv comedy.  I am sure Jim Belushi involved only because his son is one of the members of the group. But still very good. The opening act who is their regular was also very funny. Like any comedy club, two drink minimum.  And the mark up on drinks is more than a regular bar.  But that is expected.  Did not try any food so cannot comment on menu at this point. Was a little disappointed in seating arrangements.  Long tables that run the wrong direction.  Every one has to turn their head left or right to watch the stage.  Or try to rearrange the chair in very tight space.  The should really rethink the table arrangements. Will go back for a good attraction.
4	5/7/12...I have to make a correction to my review as I received communication from someone with the club.. I was informed that they are not like other clubs as they have a "Two Item" minimum, not a two drink minimum.   So you can order a food dish and a drink to meet that minimum.  And I did confirm that one in our group ordered a bottled water which counted toward his minimum.So I stand corrected.
2	Customer service is poor, here is a letter which never got answered...To Whom it May Concern, I just want to start of by saying that out of the first couple times that I have visited the Tempe Improv the shows were great! I really enjoyed the comedians and wanted to come back for more. So for my 40th birthday party I wanted to start the night off right and have some friends join me at your club. The date was April 28th and turns out that night Jim Bullishi was there. Little did I know but it was exciting to be able to see a large named comic. We got there as they sold out the 7pm show so my 11 friends and I decided to all buy tickets for the 9:30 show. We bought all the tickets as a group and told the lady behind the window that we wanted to be seated as a group and she mentioned that wouldn't be a problem and all our tickets would be at the will call window in an envelope prior to showtime.I have to say that after  dinner when we arrived at your club we had to wait in a very long line and wasn't sure where our tickets would be I had to go back to the will call window to ask about them and was promptly told that they were at the head of the line and we could pick them up. I understand that this was a big draw for the club and there was a large crowd. When we did get into the club we were told to go up stairs and that there was a "VIP" area for us. We got upstairs and couldn't really find it since we were not shown the small door leading into your "VIP" room. The fact that it was so small and partially used as a storage room for excess chairs did not make things look very "vip-ish". We made the best of what we could knowing that we would be able to get drinks to help us on our way to a good time. Unfortunately after asking a couple of servers who passed by the front of the "window" we finally got a server 30 minutes into the show. I can't say that it was pleasantly cool in there either, it was uncomfortably hot since it was at the very top of the room and in the back. I got the feeling that this room was used at one point as a soundboard room. After we had all sat down and tried to enjoy the view I noticed that I really couldn't see the stage I was able to make out that there were people on it but because of where I was sitting (all the way in the back) it was just annoying. I have to say that I was really disappointed for a few reasons. We were not told when buying our tickets that we would be placed in your special "Small Soundbooth / Storage Closet with a View VIP Area". We had bought our tickets almost 3 hours ahead of time and expected to get at least a table all together and maybe close to the stage. The service was so slow and priced drinks way to high (two vodka/red bulls that = $25) and one of the most horriable things that the server we did have lost my friends credit card. That lost credit card prompted a search not only by the server but me and my friends up there with our phones as flashlights. Finally they did recover the card only after a manger stepped in. I am sorry but my 40th birthday wasn't really how I wanted to remember it.Sincerely,Scott
5	Well I know this will be my one and only review for Tempe Improv, I don't know about you guys but since I moved into the valley 12 years ago I have had great nights down at the improv, seen many acts, sad to see the doors closing.  But I am a little torn because I hear rumors it is shutting down because Stand Up Live has run business out of the Improv, and I find this hard to believe to just blame it on one place, when cities all over have more than one comedy place that many comics goto.  But what do I know....My trip to the Improv was bitter sweet, the comedy acts where great & funny but this review is on the place and in a few days, it won't matter. One the comedians might have nailed it on the head that night , he said if the Improv put an e at the end of the name, it might have helped,  he also said he wasn't worried about not being asked back,  too funny. But I have to agree, if the Improv improved the place, not right now, but maybe a year or 2 ago, did some remodeling, replacing the tables/set up maybe it would still be here today. I found the set up to be the same as what it was 4 years ago and something that doesn't change won't last, reinvent yourself is what was needed.  Maybe fresh paint, more pics by the stage and update the lounge area you wait in before the show could have helped.  I don't know about you but that lounge area reminds me of a shady dive bar where you don't really want to seat down and touch anything ya know....It's great that the 2 item requirement didn't mean you have to buy 2 drinks, but everything on the menu was overpriced. I ordered a long island ice tea and it was undrinkable, but for the amount of money it was, you best believe I drank it.  Service was good; they could have been jerks since they are almost out of a job. Went to the 9:30 showing and the show room was hot and stuffy, like they didn't care about turning on the air, it wasn't until an hour later that the air got turned on, it reminded me of that time the AC unit went out during a performance in June a few years ago, man that was a hot show haha.  But I have to say I will miss Tempe Improv, it was always a great place to go with friends or dates. The Improv will be missed. Glad to have gone to one more last show before the place was history. If based on Friday nights visit I would have to give them a 3 star, but I am giving them a 5 star because of all the great nights I have had down at the Improv in past 12 years.
5	Love Monique Marvez2nd time here ti see her
3	Overpriced. The the stars are for the comedian...not the establishment
4	RIP Tempe Improv, and RIP owner Mark Anderson.  Open since 1988, the Improv provided great comedy acts and was an excellent place to go to cast your worries aside and just laugh!  You will be missed!
4	It looks like Stand Up Live bought the Tempe Improv, and they are opening it back up in April!
5	I went a few days ago to see Mitch Fatel and was great. I had a party of 6 and we all ordered food which was spectacular. Some of it is a little pricey but enjoyed every bit of it. I ordered the best nachos I have tastes in a while and was a huge portion, I had my date as well as two of my friends help finish it. The drinks are a little expensive but tasted great and had great presentation. Hpno-Colada and Sexual Chocolate were instantly up on Instagram. The show was great and felt very authentic, Mich started picking on my friend and his date and was hilarious so we felt very much a part of the show. The servers did a great job at letting us know about all their different specials and tricks to get the best drinks. I ordered a Call me a Cab, which is a Long Island, and the server told me how they use pre-made mix and urged for top shelf. That was definitely a no brainer and got the top for a few bucks. My buddy was getting Jack and Cokes and the server let him know 4 extra bucks gets doubles. Although the bill was a bit expensive, my date had also got their drink upgrade that came with a glass as well as free tickets to come back which I definitely will be!
1	Gotta love thier overpriced drinks they FORCE you to purchase. 2 DRINK minimum...really! I dont drink so I was forced to purchase water. I spend money on the tickets yet I am forced to purchase 2 waters and on top of that they automatically add in 18% tip for a waiter that took forever to even bring me my WATER. I think not! And they are now owned by stand up live...so I guess I will be avoiding both places until they get their "act" together
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! Only reason they got 1 star is because I cant go lower....My sister and I came to the Tempe improv for the first time sense its remodel. We came to see Ralphie May on a Wednesday night. The whole area was packed full of guest. We chose to sit on the end of the half booth half table. Many servers would come by and ask if we had more in our party so they could sit another couple in the seats, we did not, however every time they would put a couple in those seats the server would suggest they move because it was right in the walk way and people would be stepping on them the while time, or the people would ask to be moved because of the same reason. Right before the show began we had a couple that sat in front of us, only because they were the last seats available. We ordered our drinks and food at the same time, it took the server a bit to come over but we were fine just hanging out. Once we ordered, after he tried up-selling absolutely everything, we waited, and waited, and waited. We watched three tables who ordered after us get their food and drinks before we even got our drinks. The manager must have noticed my frustration written all over my face because he came over and asked if we had ordered. I said "yes we did, about a half hour ago". He apologized and we had our drinks about 10 minutes later. During the waiting of our food a server with a full tray of beverages spilled them all on the couple behind us. The customers were good sports and let it go. The ice tea my sister ordered tasted absolutely terrible, however it didn't much matter because I spilled it on her anyway. We tried maintaining the mess while servers walked by and and saw the mess yet did nothing. I finally got up and interrupted a server entering items into a register and said we have had a spill I need napkins. She didn't even look at me and said their are napkins right there. They were the small cocktail napkins your drink goes on..... so i took the whole stack, that got her attention! We cleaned up the mess ourselves and still waited on our food. The HORRIBLE food finally came out, and then the lights shut off for the show to start. I would say it is very difficult to eat in the dark but after a few bites I was done. The show started late so it went into the evening later then planned. I have heard Ralphie doesn't always stop when he is supposed to (which can be great) but it was time for us to get out of there. We asked our server for our check and he said he couldn't check us out in there that we had to step into the lobby area. It didn't make any sense but walked away without more explanation. I tried to explain to my sister what he said but she was just as confused as I. We went ahead and got up and went into the lobby, where there was not where for us to pay at all. The server finally came out and asked where we were going, I told him I said we needed our check so we could leave. He brought us the check, wrong, over $35 of the bill was not ours. I gave him my card and it took him forever but luckily got it fixed and as far as I know didn't charge me incorrect. By far this has been the worst experience I have had at the Tempe improv. May the remodle wasnt the best idea.....
2	I obviously have bad mooshu when it comes to comedy clubs! I attended the Ralphie May show last night with my sister. The experience altogether was not even an A-OK it was kind of like a meh.... We arrived about 40 minutes before show time just incase there was a long wait line, but to our surprise we got right in and were seated. After we sat for about 15 minutes more people were sat around us and were attended to right away by different waiters. Our waiter finally came over and gave us a menu to look at and told us he would be right with us. As he returned to take our order, his very strong personality on asking us "are you sure you don't want this?" (each suggestion was an alcoholic beverage) I finally got to a point and had to be sterner with him and repeated our original order, which indicated just drinks no alcohol. He finally backed down, took our order and went to put it into the computer system. It took quite some time for us to get our drinks, people who sat down after us, were attended to first received their drinks and their food order before we even got our drink order. My sister and I were looking around for our waiter to ask politely if we could get our drinks, when I believe a manager came up to us to ask if we needed something. I thought it was very generous that he came over to attend to us, after we spoke with him briefly our drinks finally arrived and we were able to put in our food order. We received our food order a lot faster than our drink order which was nice, but also frustrating for we got there on the early side to eat before the show, the show started as we received our food and where we were sitting we had a hard time seeing our food to be able to eat. This may not be a big deal for some, but I like to be able to see my food when I cut it so I don't spill and make a mess. My sister ordered the chicken sandwich which she was not happy with for she felt it was quite dry and tasteless; I ordered the friend cheese and wasn't blown away but not upset. The food is what you would expect out of like a small dive bar.There wasn't much more for our server to do after our 2 drink minimum and dinner, but he was polite to check on us through out the evening. In the middle of Ralphie May's set I got a text and I needed to leave to attend to my child, so we needed to get our check so we could go. My sister asked our server for the check and he insisted that he couldn't take care of it right now that we needed to check out in the lobby area. My sister was confused and said ok and relayed the message to me. I have been to a few comedy clubs and I have never heard of that, but we thought this might be new, ok let's just get up and go out into the lobby. As soon as we both got up and left a security guard turned and looked at us as if we were trying to skip out on the check he flagged our waiter down ASAP and he came running out the door. Our server walked up and asked if something was wrong and I repeated what he said to my sister. He said there was confusion and that he would get our bill printed right away. I asked politely that we were in a hurry for I had an emergency and needed to leave. We received our bill and it was wrong, he had added a few of the alcoholic beverages from the couple that shared a table with us, so I am thinking it took such a long time to check out because he had to correct our bill. After finally receiving our correct bill and card back he handed us the papers and said "Just so you know we already have a 15% gratuity added to your bill, but I only get 10% of that so if you like to leave extra that would be great, you don't have to if you don't want to but I just wanted you to be aware." This kind of irked me the wrong way because our service wasn't great in the first place and I am a generous tipper, for I usually always leave 20% when service is good. Just the way he went about it made me feel awkward and was a little unprofessional. On a good note when the show started it was nice to be able to hear and see the comedians. Some clubs don't do a very good job at making sure everyone has a good seat and their sound systems are not that great! Also the remodel of Tempe Improv is quite nice! They did a very good job at sprucing the place up.
3	Since the show shouldn't be rated (which btw was pretty decent) I'll focus on the food and service.They were out of half of the menu. The excuse: They just re-open. AYFKM? Why do you open without half of the menu?Anyways, that being said, the service was OK, the chicken quesadilla and steak salad were decent. They have a list of cocktails that don't have price which makes it kind of sketchy. When I asked the answer was: Each one has a different price. OooooooKkkkkkk. I had the Tito's vodka lemonade. Too watery, not enough kick. The tip is included so that's interesting as well (party of 2).With show and food, 3 drinks per person, around 65 each. Definitely pick a good comedian or you'll be disappointed.  Cheers
2	Overpriced small plates. Ordered the chicken strips which is listed as coming with ranch, BBQ or honey mustard. Asked for honey mustard & BBQ, received ranch. When I asked for the right sides was told they've never had honey mustard. Maybe take it off the menu? Mom Ordered a virgin strawberry margarita. It was thin and watered down tasting. Pick it up improv!Comics were alright. Apparently it was Arabic night or something, I'd say about 85% of audience was of middle eastern descent as we're the comics. Most of the jokes were geared towards their background & political areas. Previously the improv allowed 18-20yr olds only in the upper balcony. The show we attended was actually 15+, there was a small amount of cursing, heard the F bomb just twice. Check their schedule as some shows are 21+, some 18+, and some now even 15+.
4	Last night was my first back at the Improv since my previous review. I'd wanted to watch an open mic night and so a friend and I checked out the show last night. I got our tickets from the box office and hung out in the lobby waiting for my friend. It was cool watching the comics come in with the audience members and just kinda hang out before the show. Once my friend arrived, we were seated immediately near the front. I immediately noticed that they did a lot of (well deserved) upgrading to the place which looked really nice. I still hate how the tables are arranged (my seat was turned away from the stage so I had to swing around in my seat to watch), but it is what it is I guess. Our server was nice, if I had to guess I would say she was new but nice still. The wrong food was brought out to our table twice (meant for another table), but it was quickly resolved. They have a similar menu to Stand Up Live, and I took a risk getting a mixed drink for my minimum since the ones at SUL have been weak in my experience. My drinks were great last night, though pricey ($8 for a rum and coke). My friend liked her mixed drink also and we shared an app that was good. The show started about 30 min late which was slightly irritating, but my friend and I were catching up so it was tolerable. The show was to be expected, some of the comics were great, some not to so great, but I had a good time. It lasted about 2hrs and there weren't any issues with my check when I went to pay. I appreciated that our server asked if we wanted our bill together or separate. My only other complaint is that they got rid of the 2 item minimum for a 2 drink minimum. I would much rather prefer to have a drink and an app/entree than pay $8-11 for two drinks.
1	It's never fair to judge a club by the comedians on a Wednesday night..... too bad, it would have earned a better rating because the actual show was great. Arrived with 4 friends and picked up our tickets, no issues. We were seated right up front and our original server quickly greeted us, brought us menus and told us about the special drinks for the evening; one of which was a mojito. One of my friends ordered the mojito and about 5 min later our server returned to tell us that they were out of mint. She was a good sport and just ordered something else but you would think that the servers would have been informed if one of the specials was unavailable. My white wine was served warm, gross. All of us ordered food. 2 of us got the Buffalo Chicken Sliders, one of us requested no blue cheese. After our food came I thought they had mistakenly brought both orders plain so I asked for a side of ranch. I later found a small drop of blue cheese on mine even though it wasn't enough to be noticed. Around this time, our original awesome server came over to tell us that he was cut for the night and introduce us to server #2 who quickly wanted to know what our second drink choice would be. One of my friends asked if food doesn't count as one of the items as she was the one driving.... No it doesn't which to me, it a horrible policy, especially if that policy is not made known. When the check came, I noticed that I had been charged $1.50 for ranch. I wouldn't have needed the ranch if my food was presented as it was advertised. The only thing we ordered that was actually good was the $8 side of sweet potato fries. I'm sure I'll be back because I enjoy comedy but next time, it will be 2 whatever-is-cheapest drinks and we'll go out to dinner elsewhere.
5	Tempe Improv proved to be everything I'd hoped and more! Great service and Harland Williams was so hilarious I wish I could go see him again tonight LOL!
4	I am so happy that they reopened. We had a great time the other night. I do prefer the old setup with the little tables. They really pack you in like cattle now. The service was really good and fast. We had some specialty drinks and they were great. The food looked really good but we were there for the late show so we hadn't planned on eating but once we saw the wings come out next to us we decided next time we want wings! Of course, the quality of the acts are always amazing here. The show started on time and they got us seated really quickly once the first show got out. The place looks good since all the remodeling! Can't wait to go back.
1	Here's a novel idea: Open a comedy club with food that doesn't come from the freezer section of Costco.  Anyone?  Anyone?  Bueller?  I had high hopes for the "new and improved" Tempe Improv.  I love love love stand-up comedy but always found it hard to justify what is bound to be a rather expensive evening.  Unfortunately, the new policies have made it that much harder.  They automatically add an 18% gratuity to EVERY CHECK.  Had our service not been terrible, I wouldn't have minded this nearly as much.  Our waitress was nice but it took absolutely forever to get anything.  We asked for water when we were seated (which was 45 minutes before the start time of the show) and didn't actually receive water until halfway through the show.  Long before this though, two in our party physically walked up to the bar and brought back waters for the table.  They've changed the "two item minimum" to a "two drink minimum" thus making the entire experience even rape-ier.  The menu looks very much the same as the old menu.  The food quality is, overall, poor.  My husband's quesadilla was TINY.  It looked like a child's plate.  My buffalo chicken salad was mostly lettuce and the chicken had possibly been hot the day before.  It had clearly been around a while.  It wasn't even warm and was tough to cut.  The pretzel appetizer was okay but I am spoiled for pretzels thanks to Claim Jumper and Arrogant Butcher.  These were slightly better than the Super Pretzels you bake at home. The drink situation is highway robbery, prison sex and food poisoning all at the same time.  My friend and I ordered standard cosmos.  They arrived and my glass was nowhere near full and it tasted like cherry koolaid.  They were so bad we asked to send them back and get something else.  The waitress accommodated us (which was nice) and the drinks sat on our table.  Upon reviewing the check, she did take off the cosmo but I noticed that it was $11 plus a $2 upgrade for SMIRNOFF.  Smirnoff.  Are you kidding?  She even asked us if we wanted to upgrade vodka and we said no.  Smirnoff being an upgrade still boggles my mind.  What do you get without an upgrade?  Harry's Toilet Vodka?  We all tried each other's drinks and everything was weak and watered down.  The one thing they've done right is rearrange the club so there is less seating and you are not accidentally creating a child with your neighbor.  Admittedly, it was nice not to be so crammed in.  Despite these issues, we enjoyed the comic immensely (we saw Michael McDonald).  As I said earlier, I love stand-up but the current practices at the Improv are going to make it very difficult for me to come back.
1	I recently visited the Tempe Improv a couple of weeks ago to see Michael McDonald.  I was looking forward to seeing the changes made to the "new" Improv, but was incredibly disappointed, mostly with the service.I truly enjoy getting out to a comedy show.  There's nothing more entertaining than a night out with friends laughing.  Makes for an amazing time.  I absolutely loved Michael McDonald and his opening act.  The comedy that night was fantastic....but that was where it ended.  It started with our server, who didn't even bring us water until at least halfway through the show.  A friend and I had to go up to the bar ourselves in order to get water for our table of 6.  I understand that it's hectic with all the tables being sat practically at once, but an establishment like this should be prepared and expect that sort of thing.  It is NOT ok to keep your paying customers waiting extensive amounts of time for anything, especially water.  As part of your 2 drink requirement, I would HIGHLY recommend that you get either beer or wine.  You'll get the most for your money from either of those options.  Their mixed drinks are not even worth mentioning.  A friend and I ordered a cosmo.  How can you go wrong with a cosmo, right?  Well....they successfully did.  It tasted like punch, and not even good punch, with absolutely NO alcohol.  I had asked our server how much the cosmo was, because there were no prices on the menu, and she had told me they were $11.   I was a little shocked to see a tiny martini glass not even full come out, knowing that I was going to have to pay $11 for this.  She had also asked if I wanted to upgrade, which I declined.  I noticed on the check that there was an extra $2 charge for an upgrade to Smirnoff.  1) How is Smirnoff an upgrade? 2) I said I didn't want an upgrade and 3) The fact that you're charging that ridiculous amount for a drink that didn't taste good and had no trace of alcohol in it is absolutely absurd.  The only good thing our server did was allow us to trade our drinks and order something new.  I ordered a long island, which was ok, but nothing close to what a long island should taste like.  It was a whole lot better than the ridiculous attempt at a Cosmo though.  I realize that these sort of outings are already going to be overpriced, but I don't expect to get such poor service.  Out of my group of 6, there was really only 1 meal that was enjoyed, which were the nachos.  Everything else was maybe adequate at the best.  I don't expect gourmet food at the improve, but I expect edible and decent food, since I am paying the overly priced rates.  The final straw that threw me overboard was the fact that EACH check was automatically charged 18% gratuity.  I used to be a server, so I normally tip about 20% for good service.  We didn't receive anything close to good service, and to be forced to pay 18% in GRATUITY (which means it should be left up to me on how much I WANT to give), is ridiculous.  The good servers at this establishment are missing out on at extra 2% and the customers are being ripped off for being required to tip a bad server way too much.  My experience at the "NEW" Tempe Improv was definitely less than desirable.  Like I said before, the comedy was the only good factor.  It makes it hard to want to go back when there are so many other options in town.  I will definitely have to rethink my decision to return, and will do only for a comedian worthwhile.  If I do return, I will be eating dinner somewhere else and only be ordering the required 2 drink minimum.
2	I have been a regular at the Tempe Improv for years. Years and years. We go probably 5-6 times a year easy. I was so sad when they closed their doors. The first time we went since they reopened was a 4 star experience bordering on 5. I was very happy and so glad to have my Tempe Improv back. So off we went 3 weeks later with the whole family to see another show. Now when you plan a night out, and you have to arrange babysitters etc. You want a night out! My niece got the babysitter, we made a reservation way in advance and we arrive at the door. But it is closed. We call wondering what we did wrong and they tell us that they are closed because of storm damage. It happens. This would be completly understandable and they would still have 4 stars. However, no one notified us. Any of us and we all get emails and text updates from them regularly. How hard would it have been to send a blanket email saying we apologize for the inconvienence but we have to cancel this weekends shows due to storm damage. Not only did we arrive to find this out, but the people on the phone were like oops. Not I am so sorry, we will have someone contact you to remedy this, nope. Nothing. Zero. Zilch. Oops is not an acceptable answer. This is not an acceptable level of service and so very dissappointing from a local treasure. Customer service is not that hard. A text, email, anything and I would not be writting this review. I would be writting a much different account. I am actually really sad. Oh well. Time to try one of the other local comedy clubs we now have. Gotta love competition, they now have my buisness.They have contacted me this week to try to remedy this. I will be giving them another try and will write a review update when I go back.
1	I had been here a couple years ago and it was a pretty good experience but then I came here again recently for a Miranda Sings concert and I was very disappointed. Can you say RIP OFF? The tickets were reasonably priced ($20) but then there was a "two drink minimum" rule. I wasn't thirsty do I opted for the cheapest option- I ordered a lemonade, which was super nasty. So I sent it back and ordered a sprite instead- also very nasty. I don't know how they managed to make their simple fountain drinks taste so bad. Anyway, the next time I saw my waitress it was to bring me my check, which was $13!!? I had only drank a couple sips of each of my drinks and that's what they charged. So stupid- that's almost the price that I paid for my ticket itself. Anyway, Tempe improv should pull out of the food and beverage thing all together and just make stadium-style seating so that everybody can watch the performances a lot easier and not be ripped off and forced to buy gross drinks.
4	I have never been here before and now I have been here twice in one week. They have just remodeled the place, I have no idea what it looked like before, but from the pictures I think it looks better now. The tables might be a little small so they can cram in more people but it isn't like you are having a full meal here just drinks usually.I have to say the food is just ok. Of course I have only had the nachos and fried cheese. The nachos were good but they had cheese sauce not melted cheese and for $13 I'd expect melted cheese. The fried cheese was nice big half slices of cheese but just not spectacular. The drink prices aren't too bad. It is a comedy club with a two drink min so you expect the prices to be a little high. But if you just stick with the two drinks per person you can get out of there for about $30 to $35. Add an app and it can get up to the $40 to $50 range for two people. If you have four or a whole group the price could get up there fast but once you split it up it isn't too bad.It is a nice club. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. The staff is very nice. They do automatically add a tip on. Which I don't know if that is a good thing or bad. Some people don't like it. I think it saves adding things up in your head and makes everyone tip which they should. But I can see how it might rub some people the wrong way.I will definitely be back. I have become hooked. They really put on a good show. Maybe not an every week thing but once in a while when someone you like comes to town or someone you don't know. You could be surprised. I was there on Sunday and had never heard of the comedian but he was great. Then last night David Spade stopped in and did 15 minutes. That was a real surprise.So go and check it out. Enjoy and support live comedy.
3	Skip the bottle service!I've been meaning to write this review for a few months now. My wife and I drove up from Tucson to see one of her favorite comedians, Chris D'elia.  We were staying the night at a local place and making a weekend of it.  While standing in line they offered us a VIP package with bottle service for ~$65 which we gladly accepted and cut the line.We were seated close to the front, which was an ok view, but like most comedy clubs its hard for everyone to have a good view and its quite cramped.On to the service... Absolutely HORRIBLE!!!After 10-15 min of getting in our VIP seats I had to get up and go find a waiter to bring our bottle of Kettle One.  After another 10 min or so, someone finally shows up with a bottle of vodka, and two pint glasses full of mixer and a bucket of ice.  Apparently they sold too many VIP tix and were out of serving trays and staff to serve us with.  I was very disappointed and went to tell the manager, which took quite a while to find and then showed up and said he'd buy us dessert, which we passed on.Our waiter barely came by to check on us for refills and all in all, I was very disappointed!The show was great and I would go back again, but I would NEVER pay extra for bottle service, cause all we got was a bottle and no service!
1	We saw the show with Aidy Bryant and Tim Robinson tonight. The show was great and wasn't the problem at all. Let me start by saying that I work in customer service, so I know what good customer service looks like and what bad customer service looks like. Tonight we received AWFUL service from a server. We were under the impression that the 2 drink minimum requirement could include beer and soft drinks. Seeing as how we had already paid about $50 to see the show, and it is ridiculous to pay over $10 for one cocktail, we figured going the cheaper route would be the way to go. Once we ordered a coke and  Blue Moon, the server shut us down and gave us the most attitude I have ever received from a server. She didn't make eye contact with us, she told me the beers she had like it was some kind of chore and she had better places to be. She also passed us by several times, while we had empty drinks on the table, helped the customers around us, and pretended like we didn't exist. Yes, we ordered the cheapest drinks we could, but the gratuity was included and our bill STILL came out to $30 for only 3 beers and a soda. As outrageous as that is alone, I still can't believe the service we received. We were paying customers and deserved to be treated as such. What if I was in AA and ordered a soda because I couldn't drink alcohol? That is unacceptable service and we will not be coming back to this establishment.
2	Tonight was my first night in the Tempe Improv in a VERY long time.  I was actually kind of happy when they closed because I thought it was for good.  I gave them a chance tonight with the remodel and the retooling of the menu.  I went and saw Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes (Jay and Silent Bob) tonight as a birthday present from a friend.  When I walked into the main room and saw how the tables and chairs were set up, I thought they actually just wanted people to come out and eat dinner with some guy in the background telling stories.  It is not set up to have everyone look at the stage.  The seats that they tried to put us in would have been just uncomfortable and irritating, since I would have sat between 2 larger people.  Now I am not knocking them for their size....I am a big guy too....but we would have had to be more than "friends" at the end of the evening.  The seats they moved us to where spaced out a little better, but with that spacing, I lost view of the stage because of where the "railing" ends.  The server showed his face once to take a drink order, dropped it off, and dispeared like the worlds worst magic act.  He shows up again to take our food item.  I ordered a $9 chicken and Rice burrito that was fighting like hell to be medicore at best and what they refered to as $9 Potato Skin Nachos (again...I'm a large guy).  I had two more cokes after that and water.  The Nachos were just Half Way deep fried Potato chips with canned Velvetta cheese, a ketchup packet sized squirt of Sour Cream, 1 strip of bacon cut up to where it was just dust, some green onions, and 4 pieces of a tomato.  Just bland and awful.  Our server changed into a cute girl who was WAY on top of her game.  She was back and forth with water when we didn't even ask for any, she offered us the shots special (2 shots of Fireball for $10....F*U*), she was great.  I get my check and see it that it is $34...$18 for the food and $5.75 for every glass of Coke I ordered.  The Coke came in your standard Pint Glass mind you.  That is movie theatre prices attached to a Vending Machine.  Then they have the balls to automatically tack on a 15% gratuity to every bill.  That should be criminal.When did the "tip" become automatic?  I was a server....I was awful at it...and I made garbage money.  Even though I was living off of that tip money, I wouldn't expect someone to automatically leave me the money.  You want a bigger tip...be better at your job.I made sure that she was tipped the proper 20% because she earned it and was great.  I hope she works somewhere else soon before that place crushes her.The sound system for the show was very bass heavy and difficult to hear the stories.  Some of the staff would hang out by the door that the performers would take that leads them to and from the stage, but I found them standing in front of me more and blocking the show.  My last complaint, which I don't think is there fault, but should be noted.  Their parking lot is garbage.  Find a parking structure and get one of the bicycle dudes to bring you over, or cab it.If there is a REALLY Big name coming to the Improv.  By all means go, just know that it will be about $50-60 a person for a night that you will remember....in a bad way.
4	We saw Jeff Dye - who was absolutely fantastic.  He was a total pro.  Funny from beginning to end.  I know the reason I come to the Improv is for the comic, and I don't expect a great experience otherwise.  We did have some snacks, and they were good - surprisingly good.  Our waiter was pretty good.  It was hot out, and I was so thirsty, but they wouldn't bring me a glass of water until they served the entire room water, and then it was in plastic cups.  We got bottle service, so bringing me a glass of water wasn't going to change our bill total at all.  But anyway - I lived through all of that.My big complaint and sole reason for a loss of star is that our table was set so my back was to the stage.  And when the show started we turned our chairs around so we had our backs fully towards our friends that we came with.  I not only was worried about blocking their view (which I did) but I kept flipping my head around so I could experience the jokes with my friends, but even with me trying to go back and forth, it didn't work.  When I've been before our tables have all been perpendicular to the stage, so I can see the comedian and see my friends' reactions to the joke.  Next time I go, I will insist sitting in a north-south table instead of an east-west table.  Much more fun.
4	Got an email saying I could buy "VIP" tickets at a discount for the Michael McDonald show. Sweet! I bought 3 tickets. I show up and wait in a looong line, then get seated in the very back. What I find annoying and misleading is how they said VIP tickets. There was nothing VIP about that night. Just call them "cheap general admission tickets", that way we are all on the same page, and you aren't just BS'ing to get people in, and nobody feels mislead. UPDATE: Joseph, The manager at Tempe Improv messaged me directly and apologized for the misunderstanding, and offered to rectify the situation. I appreciate that greatly! Keep up the good work! I'm gonna bump this up to 4 stars.
4	Great venue. The seating is actually pretty comfortable, even if you're not in a booth, and the club is small enough to where you don't feel like you're miles away from the comedian.Food ranges from mediocre to OK. Chicken tenders are better than I thought they would be. Spinach dip was pretty good. Nachos are average at best but the portion size is generous. I wish the accompanying jalapenos were spicy. House chardonnay, cab, or merlot for $7 is a pretty good deal considering the standard two drink minimum.Service was really good. Everyone is friendly and knowledgeable. There's plenty of parking because it's located in a strip mall kind of area.Overall, very nice. I am looking forward to seeing more shows here.
3	The drinks were very expensive and the seating wasn't very comfortable, it was also hard to move around - very tight spaces during a show, I expect this for a concert venue, but not a comedy venue. The view is however great, from any seat you can clearly see the platform and performers which is excellent. The lighting, interior decor, vibe, and atmosphere were great too.
5	It is soooo awesome!!!!! My girls and I have been to a few shows here and absolutely love it!! The manager Joe is really friendly & has fixed the very few errors that we did have. The errors were so minor & he was able to take care of them as well as us. We have been so pleased that we keep going back. I love this place & have such a blast every time!!!!The drinks & food was really good!!!!
2	They're back!  The club looks good since they've reopened.  The menu of food and drink is strikingly similar to that of Stand Up Live in Phx, but I'm pretty sure its the same owner. It is all ok, not great, but not terrible.  Prices for drinks are pretty darned high.  Be prepared to spend $30/person if you're drinking alcohol (2 drinks/person + tax and 15% automatic gratuity, no matter how many times you have to ask for something.)  Unlike SUL Phx, food items do not count towards your 2 items per person, which was disappointing. My bf does not drink, so he either spends $10 on 2 small bottled waters or $13 on a bottomless soda. A bit ridiculous. The club is smaller than SUL, so its a bit more intimate. Too bad their prices don't reflect that intimate small club feel.  I get a text almost every weekend that I've "won" a 4-pack of tickets to the show, so I'm guessing they're having a hard time filling seats at the same premiums as the big brother club downtown.  Btw, if you "win" these, you pay the handling charge of $5 plus tax upon picking them up. IMO, Tempe Improv needs to understand their audience is a college crowd and people aren't going there to empty their wallets. Play to the people who live nearby and do smaller acts, and drop your drink prices by a buck or two.
4	We enjoyed ourselves. I like the feeling of walking upstairs to get to the venue--made me feel like we were in New York or something. The temperature was extremely cold--I think they thought it was still summer. Bring layers. Service was good but the night was relatively slow because it was s Sunday. I'm not complaining, but you know it's a slower night when the waiter/waitress at a cocktail establishment is asking if you want a refill on waters. If this is general proactive at this place, they have my vote. The place has good lighting and is clean. They must have just remodeled. I would recommend it.
4	The girl won tickets to Carlos Mencia so I finally got to check the Improv out. Fantastic venue for comedy. Very easy to see the stage no matter where you're seated. And if you need to get up for a restroom run, they put the show through the restroom speakers so you really don't miss a thing. I didn't try any of the food so I can't speak to the quality but it seemed reasonably priced for their size. The drinks however were very highly priced.  Understandable since it is an Improv and they make most of their money off the drinks but $25 for four bottled beers is a bit hard to swallow. There are no draft beers which is a bit of a let down. The mixed drinks looked interesting but I did not sample any so I don't know how good they are. The waitress was very pleasant and did a good job of discretely checking in on us throughout the show. The rest of the staff was also very professional. It was also nice to see that they do address people who are being overly obnoxious or heckling the performer so that they don't take away from the show. Overall a great experience and will definitely come to another show here in the future.
4	OK, finally lost my Tempe Improv V-Card. Why it didn't happen sooner, the world will never know.Either way, I went here for the first time over a week ago to see Carlos Mencia and got to surprise my Dude with a night out! We won tickets through My 103.9 FM. Thanks again, Miss Monti! Not much else I can say that hasn't been said: Great venue for comedy, plenty of parking, and overall a fun time. No matter where you're sitting, you have a nice view of the comic. Pleased to report that Tempe Improv addresses jackassery and hecklers in a prompt manner, even if Carlos was cool with this crazy guy in the VIP section just "Having a good time!" Also, they have speakers in their restrooms that pump in audio from the show so you don't miss a beat. Yes, "Miss Hamster Bladder" (damn you, Dude) had to get up during Carlos' encore! Two drink minimum is per person. We decided to stick to beers. Bucket of four (Two Blue Moon + Two Coors Light) went for around $25-$27. Gratuity included. I think we got out quite fine for only sticking to drinks; however, I think this place would be even better if they put their beers on draft to match the price. Our server did a fantastic job of checking in on us, which was awesome since we only had drinks. Can't wait to come back!
4	After my initial review, I was contacted by a manager who offered me free tickets to come back and give The Improv another shot.  This gesture speaks volumes to me about how much owners and managers care about the customer experience.  We used our complimentary tickets this past weekend.  Unbeknownst to me, we had "reserved" seating right up front (Thanks Joe!).  Our server was much more attentive this time around.  I will note that we did not eat nor partake of any mixed drinks.  My husband ordered beer and I had wine.  All in all, it was a MUCH better experience.  My only complaint...  the parking.  It was game night at ASU and the parking situation was ridiculous.  We were stopped at the entrance to the parking lot by a gentleman who gave us an Improv parking pass.  This did little good and we drove around for 50 MINUTES looking for a spot.  The only way to get a spot was to literally stalk someone to their car.  We were about 5 minutes away from giving up and going home.  At the ticket window, I encountered a gentleman who was trying (unsuccessfully, as far as I saw) to get a refund on his show tickets because he couldn't find a parking spot.  I will absolutely come back to The Improv but you better believe that I will check to see if it's a game night first.  Many thanks to Joe and The Improv for giving us an opportunity to come back.
2	Great service, shocking food. So disappointed. $16 for a tiny mahi mahi fillet over cold rice with over cooked old green beans.
3	I saw the Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes show. It was a fun experience. I do not like the 2 drink minimum. It is a fun venue.
4	Very good atmosphere and experience. Wasn't expecting it to be that nice inside since the outside of the building is kind of plain but it was! It had decorations and a clear view of the stage.The servers were very attentive. Almost to the point of distracting us from the show but there's nothing that can be done about that. Bryan Callen was very funny. I haven't laughed so hard in months. I ordered a Mad TV Long Island and it was pretty strong. And then we also had a popcorn shrimp dish which was equally delicious. After the show, met up with Bryan Callen and took a picture with him. So that was cool as well. If you don't know Bryan Callen, he's the guy in all of those comedy movies with Adam Sandler, Vince Vaughn, etc. THAT ONE GUY. haha.So if you want some good laughs, come here!Note: Just be aware of the prices. The tickets were $20 each with fees that add up to almost another $4. Two tickets for $48. And there's a two drink minimum once you get inside. The signature drink I ordered was $15. Beers are probably cheaper and coffee is $3.
3	When to see Gabriel Iglesias tonight. The show was good but that was the only thing that was. First we got seated in what they call an "upgraded section" because they didn't have any other seats at least that is what they told us. 10 min after that it server came over and informed us that we have to spend $60 because of where we were seating. First we ordered a couple mixed drinks and a couple cheese cakes. We got the drinks fairly quick but it told about 20 min to get the cheese cake and they only brought on piece. When we told them it was suppose to be two we found out the server only put in one. By the time our server came back we were ready for more drinks. We ordered 2 diet drinks about 10 min later we got our sodas but they were regular. Took us 5 min to get our server to stop so we could tell her. Took another 5 min to get the correct drinks. But this time we still have not got the other piece of cheese cake. It took about 30 min to get the cheese cake from the time we informed them it was suppose to be 2. The "upgraded seating as a line of tables running perpendicular to the stage. I had to lean forward to see the comics and my wife could only see half the stage because we had a line of about nine people inline in front of us making hard to see. We were there about 4 hours and I think the server stopped at our table about 5 times. They automatically add gratuity of 15%. That was almost 11 dollars for us. I guess tipping is no longer based on the service you receive. Needless to say me and my wife will not be returning to this place and will not recommend this place unless it is a comic you have to see. If they want to do a drink minimum or upgraded seating they should do a seating plan and and chafe more for the tickets even if we only sat in the normal seating it would have been 80 for tickets and 20 for drink min. Why not just charge 100 for two tickets and get rid of the other crap. Only reason it got 3 stars was for the comics not the venue it would have got one star.
5	Absolutely without a doubt a wonderful experience. Not just the performance but the staff as well! We went December 29th to see Gabriel Iglesias aka Fluffy. It was such a good show. He went on for over 2 hours and it was nonstop laughter. We decided to go all out and get the dinner package which was a great idea. The package covers unlimited sodas and juices as well as an appetizer, two entrees and a dessert. The portions were a great size and the food was absolutely delicious. Jean was our server and she was a complete sweetheart to say the least. I must tell you that this girl was also very pregnant but she was hustling getting everyone's drinks and being super efficient. We definitely gave her an extra tip because she was so fast and amazing. I would most definitely recommend this place to see another performance.
4	This was our first visit to Tempe Improv and we had an absolute blast. All of the comedians were really funny. We got there early and ended up with great front row seats although I doubt there is a bad seat in the house. The staff was super friendly and funny but the drinks were horrible and extremely expensive!!! If I were rating on drinks alone I would give 1 star-zero if I could. $17 for a double Cuervo margarita? Oh and did I mention They did not even taste like they contained alcohol? No thanks. I will never order another drink like that there. Maybe I would check into the bottle service they have next time or order beer or wine. That being said, I would go back because of how much fun we had I would just be smart enough not to fall for the waiters- It will be a "good" drink line again.
4	I've been to Tempe Improv a few times throughout the years, before and after the close, and deciding how many stars to give it is tricky business. I'm a big fan of the venue itself, it's a pretty nice place inside minus the bar area, and it has tons of seating and servers so you can always get another drink or some food without fuss... but speaking of the food and drinks, the prices are obnoxiously high. I really won't hold this against them much, I understand the business of comedy clubs, but geez, you walk out having four watered down jack and cokes and it's $60. I see myself coming here plenty more times, I like it, it's loud and intimate and lots of fun... but maybe I'll start sneaking a flask in.
2	So, about three minutes after I posted this, the phone rang. It was Lisa from the Improv. I think it's coincidence, but she was calling to ask about last night. It was clear that she knew that some guests had a problem. She apologized and offered comps for any upcoming show. That means a lot and we will take her up on it. - - - - - -Not such a great experience at the Improv last night. I took the lady for the Valentines package of three course dinner and the show. I'll say that the show was excellent, and we specifically went to see Taylor Williamson. First, parking is a nightmare. It anyways has been there on weekends. Arrive early is the only solution. The cub is completely remodeled and looks great. They refinished everything, with barn board all over, new lighting and plumbing  fixtures, and nice decor. New sound and lights, too. Problem was with the service, we were seated about a half hour early and really expected dinner to start coming. The server took the drink order, and they came quickly enough, but never an offer to refill my soda. The salad came during the opener, and this was a sad, pathetic little excuse for a salad. The entree, however came about an hour later, during the headliner's set. Many of the guests in our section turned it down, while my lady got hers to go and I choked mine down. The cake never came. I don't understand why it took so long to serve us and why the food came during the headline act. First, my attention was taken away from the show, but what disrespect to the headliner.  My section was directly in front of the stage and I know that he could see us, after all, he talked to me and the people around us several times. Oh, food? Overlooked Mahi and wet rice. I already mentioned the 1/4 cup of salad. This was $100 for two of us, but did include admission.
3	I came here for a show on Valentine's Day.  I enjoyed the comedy show and had a lot of good laughs, but the venue and service left a lot to be desired.  Here goes:-The show was supposed to START at 10, but at 10:20 we were all still standing outside in a long line.  We finally made it inside the venue at 10:30.-It's so cramped, and if you sit near the aisle it SUCKS.  I am a small person, but I felt like I had no space at all.  I had to sit facing into the aisle/walkway so that I could see the stage and EVERY time a waiter passed (which was often) I would have to move my feet in and I still got jostled a few times.  On top of that there was NO place to put my purse.  When I tried to hang it off the back of my chair it encroached on the space of the person next to me.  I couldn't put it on the tiny table because our drinks were there.  When I tried to put it on the floor I had even less space for my feet, which were then pushed even further into the aisle.  Finally I just had to uncomfortably hold it in my lap the whole show.-Service was attentive -- TOO attentive.  Our waitress kept walking in front of me and obstructing my view and asking us if we wanted to order more stuff when I was trying to listen to the comedians.-Staff did nothing about annoying hecklers who hijacked the show.
2	Just recently went to the Frank Caliendo show which was great!! We (two couples) got there early hoping to get good seats. Much to our surprise they told us to sit close we had to spend $$60.00 in booze or beer per couple to sit up close. That seems like they are promoting DUI's. That is a lot of alcohol!! Very disappointed in The Improve for this action. Our seats were ok and we had partial blocked views so the Improve is probably not for us anymore.cb
3	Some below have said some of the things I will here, but this is my individual review of the newly reopened Tempe Improv.  We frequented the Tempe Improv before it closed, and we go to Stand Up Live in downtown Phoenix many times a year.  The remodeled Tempe Improv has the same awesome host/hostess and wait staff (yes, I seriously think they are wonderful), much improved restrooms from before (with more stalls and just much nicer), a new menu that really does reflect similarities to StandUpLive's (but is not an exact replica), and a new, horribly uncomfortable, cramped seating arrangement.I'm not sure why people complain about the two drink minimum.  The requirement is there in black and white when you buy your tickets; both clubs are very up front about that.  I remember the service at the old Tempe Improv being - always - very impressive, and it is still that way. Darlene waited on us this past weekend, and she didn't miss a beat.  She was every bit proactive, helpful and sharp.  Kudos to Darlene.  Every time we hit both the Improv and StandUp, we are truly impressed with the service.  That's not a joke.Here is why we will probably keep going to StandUpLive downtown and not to Tempe again - important for others to know, I think.  StandUpLive has tables that are basically attached "two tops" that are close together.  Yes, you are sitting very close to the people next to you, and you have to sit across from whomever you came with.  No problem.  This type of seating really works at StandUpLive, but it definitely does not work at the Tempe Improv.  At StandUpLive, the seating is all angled to/from the stage (each line of tables is like a long ray from the sun, which would be the stage, if that makes sense).  Every seat in the house is literally a good seat.  The seating at the Tempe Improv, however - although consisting of similarly styled tables - is cramped, totally thrown in there at different angles, and doesn't work in that space.  We were among the first ten people to arrive at the early show (this is the way to do it so you aren't stuck in a line outside at 10pm, FYI), and yet we were seated more than half way back and at a far side of the room.  (This has never happened at StandUpLive, ever).  There were a few tables near the front that said "reserved", but most of the others said, "VIP! Ask how you can upgrade to this seat".  Really?  We've already paid $80.00 for two tickets, and will be purchasing dinner and drinks.  The price is not a problem, but, sitting so far back with the gimmicky signs in your face is just plain cheesy.  We saw people time and time again shaking their heads about the additional $90.00 price tag for those seats.  Pretty silly.  Once the show started - a Saturday night show with a famous comedian - we saw how many of the "VIP" seats were empty.  The late comers with regular tickets were placed in those seats, adding insult to injury.  No one wants to come to a show two hours early thinking that they will get decent seats only to get so-so seats with an advertisement in their face.  Don't we get bombarded by enough ads all day long?  We came to the Improv to relax and have fun; not to have more items for sale slung at us.Like others have mentioned, the new Tempe Improv food is literally like buying a $16.00 t.v. dinner.  It's edible, but not good like the old food was there.  Bummer.  I must say that, each glass of wine I ordered was a good (sized) pour.  Awesome.  The mixed drinks around us did arrive in tiny winy glasses, though.  Poor souls.  Do note that the Tempe Improv no longer has draft beer: bottles only, and no Four Peaks anymore.With tickets, dinner (just meals - no appetizers or desserts), and two drinks each (beer for him and wine for me), our entire night came to $160.00.  With an amount like that, the public is going to evaluate their other options.  There are fantastic, relaxing restaurants out there with comfortable seats; there are movies and theatre performances where the best seats - and you know in advance where you are sitting - cost about what this does.  Many of the seats at the new Improv are stuck in the line of traffic and get rammed whenever the staff goes by.  We saw people get accidentally spilled on because a waiter couldn't get through, e.g.  Not good.  Best of luck to you, new and improved Tempe Improv.  We love to laugh, and thus will not be rushing back.
3	Never been here until I decided to check out the open mic night. If you were to mention a name, you would get in for free ($5 if you didnt).  I thought that was nice.Well anyways, I met with a little group of people there and we sitting at the counters behind the main tables.I read online that there was a 2 drink minimum. (gulp) Now I do not drink alcohol anymore so that was out of the question.  My friend got 2 beers ($6 apiece) and I ended up getting the endless soda because the waiter suggested it.  $12.95 folks.... The waiter and staff were nice, but with how busy it was, I only got to drink 3 sodas (slowed down because I had to pee and the event went by too fast to leave) because he didn't get around to getting back to us that much. 3 sodas for $12.95, that is way ridiculous, even for a place like that.   Also when we were all paying for those ridiculous drinks, the waiter asked my brother if he wanted his change, and he said yes and the waiter ended up walking away with the change (I know he didn't mean if the waiter himself could keep the change because my friend said yes and he got his change back)For a 1st time experience, the prices for drinks and the fact that they do force you to buy some did kind kill the mood to be honest, but the show itself was good.  I don't know if I will go see another show there though.  Stand up comedians aren't something I really go out and see
3	3.5 stars. The club itself is great, interior is well done, staff were friendly and professional.  Food is average, for the typical foodie on Yelp. The free tickets they email are genius...with a two drink minimum and a pricey drink list they get the money back they give away in free tickets. We had 4-5 drinks with no food and our bill was 90.00 bucks. Most of the headliners I have been too were great. For the first time in my life, the group and I left midway through Ben Baileys (Cash Cab guy) act this last week. This was the first show I have ever left early. Maybe it was an off night for the guy,...I dont mind the well placed f bombs occasionally but this guy could not complete a sentence without using multiple.  Witty, intelligent comedians that can get the point across without an Inmate's vocabulary in my mind are more enjoyable.
5	Funny comedians. BUT don't forget there's a two drink minimum. Did I mention there's a two drink minimum. Oh well there's a two drink minimum!!!!! The person answering the phone said there's a two drink minimum. Then when we were greeted at the door the hostess she said there was a two-drink minimum. As the person seating us at our table was walking to the table they said there was a two drink minimum. When the waiter came to our table and introduced himself he reminded us there was a two drink minimum. The funny thing is, this place is so money hungry it's not funny!!!!!!
5	What a fun place...I laughed til I cried.  Their MOJITO'S were the best I have ever had.
2	I'm a big fan of comedy clubs.  When a friend suggested we try the Improv, I was more than game.  1.  Went to use the rest room--it was out of paper towels.  (Guess it could be worse--they could have been out of TP and I could have had a dirty a$$ rather than wet hands)2.  We all were cattled into a small space in front of the bar to wait to be seated.  Not comfortable and kind of ridiculous given the number of people waiting.  3.  We sat next to the four most obnoxious people EVER!  They talked through the whole show.  One woman was trying to get on stage.  She was calling the performer N$gger and yelling that he wasn't funny. She was bitching about others who were looking at her saying they should shut the F up.  So,  I get it.  There are obnoxious people ever where, but here's the catch.  There were multiple complaints and even the COMEDIAN requested these individuals get kicked out, the staff did nothing.  In fact, not only did hey do nothing, they continued to serve these individuals.  4. I can't really comment on the comedian--I hardly heard him over the noise of the drunkards.The bottom line, my friend and I paid over 100 bucks for tickets, food and drink to have the night ruined by staff who wouldn't take charge of individuals who should have been kicked out of the club!!!  I'm not sure I'll go back--I wasted a lot of money to hear a quartet of drunk assholes bitch while staff at the club did nothing.  I could have stayed married and got that for free.
1	The Improv previously offered a two "item" minimum.  Now it is a two "drink" minimum.  I guess they figure people will eat anyway so we'll just get more money out of them by making them get two drinks to go with the food.  Their drinks are so overpriced, even for a comedy club.  $5.75 for an iced tea is absurd.  Their specialty mixed drinks are $14.95 and are in an approximately 13 oz. hurricane glass that is more ice and mix than alcohol.  We were seated to the right of the stage and could not hear the show until after the fourth attempt of letting somebody know our entire table was unable to hear the show (party of 7).  The group next to us were taking pictures (even though it's not allowed) and talking the entire time.  We asked them to keep it down.  They got confrontational.  The club did not ask them to keep it down or ask them to leave.  Our group spent nearly five hundred dollars on the evening (with tickets) and had a very unpleasant experience.  None of us will be returning.
4	Food is killer good buddy! It was awesome seeing @ComedianBobMarley. Tempe improve whooped ass on the wanna be hecklers! Awesome time! Best 200 I spent in a long time!  Got super drunk, and ate some food.
1	I have to say I came here after 9 years just to see my friend perform and the volume was so low I had to ask more than twice to turn it up so I could hearThen they blame it on the microphoneReally??PleaseGet the volume up so I actually pay attentionI will not be going backBut I will definitely be going to stand up liveSucks because I thought u were closed now I realize ur open and due to the poor volume I won't b back
1	Here's my problem with this club; they seem to have an incompetent group of teenagers running this place. The girls at will call seem very confused. The staff inside is aloof. I went there with a group of friends to see Chris Delia. 4 tickets and only 3 of us were there as we were waiting on the 4th to arrive. The girl at the door told us we would have to wait for our 4th person to show up for our entire party to be seated. Then she proceeded to make jokes that were completely lost on us. She giggled and cackled the whole time, almost seeming as though she was directly making fun of our situation, which we didn't find funny since we arrived early for good seats. We waited for a couple minutes and were greeted by a server who showed us to our table, even though our 4th was still not there, she informed us it was fine and we could wait inside at our table for her. Which was cool. I don't understand why that's such a big deal anyway. The servers there deserve to be paid more. They hustle and are very friendly and efficient. This club needs to find a new staff to handle the tickets. One of my least favorite comedy clubs for this reason. Once the Laugh Factory opens in Scottsdale, I'll take my business there. Hopefully they'll employ people who actually know what they're doing.
1	I was there Friday. The comedians were amazing!!!! The venue itself is gorgeous, but...My waitress did not acknowledge that my drink was empty for well over 20 minutes(it was wine, pretty easy to see). I had to stop her while she was walking to ask if she'd get me a refill. She walked by for the next 15 minutes with others' drinks, I had to ask for the refill and she acted as though it was a shock. I'm a waitress, I know things happen, but it happened to myself and my boyfriend at different times. We also got food, the chicken strips were really good, but we also got French fries, we weren't the biggest fans of them...I asked if she could take them away and she said someone else would have to come around and grab them. It just didn't make sense to me. The atmosphere was amazing, I hate giving a bad review, but the poor service really weighed on my experience..
2	We went this past Saturday to see Chris Delia, and our group of 10 were less than impressed.  When we purchased our tickets on line, it stated 75% of your group needed to be there before you were seated. Ok.  No problem.  But when 8 of our 10 showed up, the young girl up front was very rude and said she would not seat us.  That we all had to be there.  We pulled out our ticket with the 75% verbiage clearly printed, and the other girl up front said (in a very snotty tone), "Ugh.  Go ahead and seat them."  Like they were doing us the favor.  Really?  You honestly need to get new employees to work your door.  The waitress, well, she was the best thing of the night, next to the comedians.  Very nice.  Pretty attentive.  What was annoying was the fact they do not print the drink prices on the menu.  Of course, we are all adult enough to ask before ordering, but were shocked to hear some of the special mixed drinks were $10-12.95/each.  And the bottled water was $6.  I splurged and got one of the $12.95 specials, and it was terrible.  Very small and not even mixed well.  All 10 people in our party complained after the show of the lack of quality drinks.  We have been to many other comedy clubs throughout the years, and this place just doesn't hold up against the others.  Cramped/awkward seating.  Very hot in there.  Terrible acoustics (we were seated along the wall and the view was kind of awkward too).  Terrible drinks.  Rude staff at the door.  The comedians and waitress were really the saving factors for the evening.  It really could be a fun place to go, but until some improvements are made, I doubt we will be going back any time soon.
4	Good experience , great show and service was ok...I will go back here for sure
3	They make you stand outside in the heat for at least 45 minutes and then send salespeople out to get you to upgrade your seats so you can get inside quicker.  I prefer Stand Up Live where you can get a drink next door while you wait for the doors to open.
5	I went here with a friend and let me say I had a BLAST.  First of all, seats are everything and I got really lucky on the seats we received.  The drinks were delicious and the food was AMAZING. It was so great I really wanted seconds but was too stuffed for anything else.Not a single person stepped on the stage who wasn't completely hilarious and the staff was completely friendly.  Even the music playing while we waited for the comedians to come out was good and I ended up downloading everything they played on the speakers.I'm planning on going back here, this is a perfect first date kind of place. I really recommend this place to people and your special someone, wink wink.
3	Saw Nick Dipaolo and thought he was a very good entertainer! He is a pro who has a large repertoire who reads the audience and gives them what they like. Good time! Made the mistake of not eating beforehand...!! I won't do that again. Ordered fish tacos and it seemed they came without fish! A lot of cabbage and a little sauce with some greasy rice and bland black beans. Heck NO! Gave a three star rating because two of the three comedians were really funny.
2	Went with some friends to see a show a few months back. Show was good. Everything else is terrible. The staff were horribly organized and waited until you got the the very front of the line to tell you that, oh, by the way, will call is over here, against the wall. Not two minutes earlier they told a group that had tried to go in the big long empty area against the wall that it wasn't a line. They ended up being will call customers. After finally being seated we were able to order our waters. Woo! Five dollars for the smallest bottle I've ever seen, and since it is a two drink minimum, just wasted $10 to stay hydrated. Our server, Lisa, was slow. There's no other way to say it. My friends ordered food which took forever, tables around us were getting bussed and service from other servers, my second drink took twenty minutes to get there, and only after the show was over did we get to pay. Her entire section was left standing around waiting for their checks (at least their money had changed hands) while we stood and lingered waiting for someone to take our money. Other servers had to do that too and she stopped by just to tell us it was being handled. We complained to a manager who offered us free tickets. Great. That means I get to pay you for more $5 bottles of water, pay you gratuity where it really isn't deserved in many ways.... No. Just no. I know I should be grateful he even offered, but he didn't seem willing to actually address the issue.  Meanwhile he would do nothing about the auto grat that shouldn't have been there. I used to serve, I tip well because I know what it's like, but don't auto add for a $10 bill.  Uncalled for. He said it was standard for bills under $40, but judging by other reviews here, it doesn't matter how much you spend. I used to love the Improv, I hated when it closed. But I am not impressed with what it is becoming.
4	I saw Chris Delia here when he was in town and he was hilarious. The talent that they are able to secure here is amazing. 1 thing I dont like is that you have to get a 2 drink minimum per person after paying for a 25 dollar ticket.Other than that its a great spot for a date night!
1	The Improv sets itself up for frustration from the beginning. If you plan on attending be aware:1. Not only is there a two drink minimum, but the menu lacks pricing on all of the drinks and doesn't list non-alcoholic options, let alone their comparative costs.2. The entry line is the same as the line to be seated. This means long waits before you can enter an air conditioned space on a 110 degree plus day.3. The are also signs that indicate that those who purchase in advance can skip to being seated. Unfortunately the lines are not set up this way which leads to confusion and dirty looks from your neighbors.4. If you are meeting with friends, you need to have 3 of 4 of your party to be seated together. So, if you have friends that are late don't hope to sit together. 5. Even if you purchase tickets ahead of time online, don't think you're guaranteed a seat. Our friends were told upon arrival that they would be placed on a wait list despite having tickets already. They were only let in due to her assertiveness and my rule breaking to save them seats despite their 'policy.'6. If you're going to a popular show, they're understaffed so if you want the two drinks, good luck getting them!
3	Went here last night to see Justin Willman and he was great!! However, the rest of the evening sucked.Be warned the tables and seats are VERY close together here. Your neighbor is practically in your lap the whole time. I get that they want to pack as many people as possible in the place to make more money, but at the cost of your customers comfort.The service is not too good either. Our waiter was ok at best. They seem to be very short staffed so I understand that it takes a little longer to get around to everyone. Our server messed up our entire order though. We told him at the beginning that our order were to be all separate (there were 4 of us) but when our checks came all the items were mixed around. Also, be warned they charge an auto gratuity on less than $40. Seriously.
1	My friends and I went to Tempe improv last night for a girls night out to see Heather McDonald. Let's just say we were less than impressed. To start, when we walked in there was a foul smell in the lobby area. After the show we learned there was some sort of sewage problem going on. Walking past the kitchen area I couldn't believe I just ate food that came out of that kitchen with the awful smell. I ordered a lemon drop martini, advertised as coming to your table in a cocktail shaker and having a sugar rimmed glass. There was no shaker and there was no sugar. My friends and I saw the couple sitting next to us eating what looked to be some delicious soft pretzels with beer cheese sauce. We attempted to order and were told that was the last batch. When my friend asked our server if there were any other menu items not available so that we would know before ordering, our server gave us attitude, instead of politely apologizing for being out of an item or offering other suggestions. We made it through the show and afterwards I went to use the restroom. There was no toilet paper in at least two of the four stalls and the trash was overflowing. We were looking forward to being able to meet Heather McDonald in the lobby after, as we have been to the improv previously and had been able to meet the comedians after the show. We then saw all three comedians from the show running into the parking lot, getting into a car, and driving away. Our overall experience here was so disappointing I think I will make the drive to Copper Blues next time for a cleaner establishment with better service.
4	We liked it, we really, really liked it!! On our last visit a few months back the food was crap and the entertainment -excellent.However, we did fill out their "VIP" email list card. What we didn't expect was an email this week for $5 tickets as a result of being a VIP.So were we surprised to find 3 wins Saturday night.1.) $5 tickets to see Heather MacDonald from Chelsea Lately - TOO FUNNY!!!!2.) The drinks actually DID HAVE booze in them!! Yea!!3.) The food was 100% better than last time. Well done staff at Tempe Improv!!!
3	We enjoyed our night when we went to see Jon Reep.  We had a Living Social deal so the tickets were a pretty good price.  You still had a 2 drink minimum, though.  We got there early and got good seats but they are so close together.  The lady to the right of me was in my view all night and it was hard to maneuver around her.  The food was ok. We ordered the nachos.  I am not a picky eater but really didn't care for the cheese sauce they used.  It was kinda icky...like from a big industrial size can.  But, I wasn't there for the food so it's not a big deal.  We got our first drink which we both ordered beer.  For our second drink we each got an iced tea.  My husband finished his and the waitress came around with a pitcher and asked if he would like a refill.  What she failed to mention is that refills of iced tea are NOT free...I can understand that they are going to charge you for everything here but they really should have let us know that before serving it.Overall, the comedians were great and we had a good night out.  It's very pricey, though and not someplace we will be able to go regularly.
3	Went there last night with my wife for a date to see Bill Bellamy. The show was fantastic. Seating wasn't to bad. The drink prices were jaw dropping. Now I know why they don't put the prices on the menu. $60 for 4 drinks is outrageous especially after paying $60 for tickets.
4	I realize that the Improv and Stand Up Live are owned by the same peeps, but I've got to say, Tempe Improv, albeit an older establishment, is better than SUL. The staff is friendly and not overly imposing. They don't try to trick you into the souvenir glasses that you don't need/want. They don't get too pushy with the upsales. They don't walk in front of you nearly as much as SUL though they have changed from their previous policy of not serving during the headliner which I dislike and they lost a star over. We enjoyed dinner the last visit to see Bill Belamy and it was pretty darn good. Not OMG but definitely do-able. The comedians we've seen were excellent and we will definitely be back. The other reason why I removed a star is that they have a DJ now to entertain before the show. I'm not sure if that was just for Bill Belamy or if that's the regular scene but it prevents your group from having any conversation because it's so darn loud. It's a good idea, but maybe turn it down a little so friends/dates can talk! Please stop with service during the headliner though. It's distracting to everyone--including the headliners. I realize you make money off of your ridiculously over priced drinks but seriously.
4	Great facility and our service was fine.  I did not expect cheap drinks with live entertainment (confused by negative reviews on this) so no issues there.  However, I am dinging them a star because we went on new comedian night and they were loose with time enforcement on the front half and then tried to make up for it by shutting down the last comedians quickly, and way at the end, two comedians killed it but were rushed off.  Also there were many new "comics" just doing dirty Internet jokes.  Screening could have been better on that front.
4	Sound and lighting are good. Stage visibility is good  Seats can be weird if you need to turn around to see. 2 drink minimum sucks but its pretty standard for comedy clubs. Wine is a heavy poor though. Waiters are overworked but very friendly and fast. Tons of parking.
2	Chronic over-tipper here, I start at 20%. Last night I gave my first low tip in over five years. It was $1.06 on $25.94 bill. I wrote a note on the bill explaining my choice. When we walked out she was near the exit and said to me "oops" somewhat sarcastically. Thanks Debbie.It's a comedy club with a two drink minimum. Of course we went there knowing we're spending money. We got there on time but the club started the show over 30 minutes late, and during this wait time they played music so loud that the only choice was to yell as loud as possible, which still didn't work. Sure they want to sell drinks and get people comfortable, but how can I order drinks under such circumstances? So our server starts off by telling us two drink specials, which were both about $12 each, but couldn't be bothered to know the beer list, nor did the place have a printed one. My date and I each pick a lackluster choice out of the eight or so she could remember. Later when I ask for a second beer and water with lemon, she asks if I "just want a bottled water for the taste you know" and I say no, just a water with lemon. She brings just a water, with a black floaty. No lemon, no beer.I decide to not push the lemon issue as screaming over comics to order can be seen as heckling, but I point to my empty beer, and she's said "oh I didn't hear you." And goes to get me another lame-duck beer.Then I notice that the table next to us is getting a round of one of my favorite beers, which was never mentioned by our server. I'm officially completely annoyed, and ask for the check. Turns out I have the cash to leave said $1.04 tip or have her get me change. To make matters worse, we were "checked" as we left early. A guy in a suit asked to see our dinner check to ensure we each got two drinks. I explained that I left it with our server, who was terrible. He said he needed to see the check or speak with our server. They convene then my date and I are free to go, with neither addressing the "terrible" service.  We've been on three other dinner dates this past week with a guest check of $60-$80 each and all of those servers made more than 20% ..Debbie the server should look for a different job, or study the menu at her current job. And drop the attitude.
4	Tempe improv was not what we expected, but better than we expected! When we got there we were seated at a small table with another couple whom we didn't know. A little awkward but making friends isn't a bad thing. Atmosphere was really cool - awesome uplighting and not a bad seat in the house!Can't really review the show itself, since they are different every night but the one we saw was pretty funny!Prices were a bit high, and they are strict about the 2 drink minimum, so come prepared. Mixed drinks were pretty good!Service was pretty crummy, but in all fairness she seemed new and they were at capacity. Other tables didn't seem to have a problem.
4	I guess where you are sitting makes a world of difference in this place!  We came back for another show on a different night, and this time we were seated at the "bar" in the high-top stools.  We were facing the stage and NOT into an aisle, which was a nice difference.  No more being jostled as people were walking by.  And the bar area provided more surface area to place things on, so I didn't have to hold my purse in my lap the whole time.  This time around the show was a lot more fun!
1	Overpriced, the seating SUCKS, half of the seats face AWAY from the stage and the service (I'm using that term loosely) is rude as can be.  I love comedy clubs and have been to several, but this place is horrendous.
5	Amazing night at the Improv.  First time to this venue.  We arrived with a party of 16.  The wait staff was working hard all night and we never had to wait for a drink.  Our server Rachel was attentive, friendly and even with some tough requests. One in our party was laughing so hard they literally split their pants.  Rachel brought them an apron to wrap around their waist! A special thank you to the GM Lisa for her hard work and keeping everyone happy.  With the outstanding management, amazing service and the top notch staff it's no wonder this place draws a crowd and the best comics.  Thank you Lisa, Rachel, and Improv!!  We had a blast.
4	This was the first time I'd been to Tempe Improv and I had a wonderful time. The place is setup to get as many people in as they can. For Americans not used to sitting with strangers, it might seem odd, but really, it makes sense. The tight quarters didn't bother me, but you will sit pretty darn close to other folks, so be ready to make some new friends! The drinks and food were just a bit over Bar-expensive, but far cheaper than what I expected. We had two cokes each and the total bill was ~25$. Our server, whose name I unfortunately forget, was attentive, polite and given the number of tables he was covering, pretty darn fast with our orders. He made sure to check on our table but never interrupted the show. The wait for our drinks was well between "Where the hell are our drinks?!" and "Man, that was fast!" level.I've seen several reviews mentioning how rude the staff is. I went out of my way to talk with several of the staff to see for myself.  I never saw or experienced poor service or rude staff. Everyone I interacted with, at least three servers, one food runner and 4 security staff was friendly and helpful. Maybe it was a good night since it was Sunday. Regardless, no one was rude that I could see.We had fun and I wouldn't hesitate to see another performer there.
4	Absolutely LOVE this place. The only reason that I am not giving it five stars is the price of the drinks. There is a two drink minimum, and they are a bit pricey. I got the special May Day and they were fifteen dollars a piece. They were delicious, but thirty dollars for my drinks alone is a little costly. The staff was very quick to handle hecklers, which we appreciated. I was worried that with it being so close to the colleges that it would be a college crowd, but was pleasantly surprised. Will definitely be back!
3	Since there are few venues for comedy in the Valley, you really do not have much of a choice.  If I could change one thing about their business practice - I would make drinks reasonably priced and do away with the total baloney souvenir cup that we always seem to get stuck with despite not wanting to order.  To me, this borders on cheesy/desperate/classless.  That having been said, if drinks were reasonably priced (not double the market value at any other bar) then we would probably go see more shows.  So my net take on the improv - comedians funny.  Expensive drinks, not so much.
2	My girlfriend and I went to see Bryan Callen, he was pretty funny. Overall, the comics did a good job but the Improv itself is overpriced and the service isn't all that great. It seemed like 15-20% of the seats in the house faced the opposite direction of the stage. Our server insisted I sit in one of these seats and disappeared for about 15 minutes. I went over to the bar to get a beer and a water, and the bartender told me these wouldn't count towards the 2 drink minimum. I told him that it was OK, then he tells me the total is $11 and some change. So this place is charging $6 for bud lights and $4 for a bottled water? And the drinks must be ordered from your seat, apparently.We ended up ordering a Long Island Iced Tea  and another beer. Couldn't taste the alcohol in the LIIT, it just tasted like iced tea, didn't even get buzzed. Got hit with another $20 bill. This place price gouges big time.
5	What a fun night at the improv.Dana Carvey was great. Enjoy his two sons.Food was extremely good. Was pleasantly surprised. Needed a good laugh. Thanks Improv
1	Full price tickets with box office fees ($30 per ticket, plus $5 box office fee + $5.26 tax), $11 for two small glasses of Coke (that had more ice than Coke in the glass), NO DRINK PRICES ON THE MENU, a forced 15% gratuity for a party of two, tables that seat people with their backs to the stage with chairs closer together than a coach seat on Southwest Airlines, keeping the A/C down (in December!) at a temperature colder than I keep my refrigerator and punishing non-alcoholic drinkers by charging the same amount for a soda as you do an entire appetizer tray? Also, 'adult ketchup' is mentioned on the menu, yet our server never heard of it and couldn't explain it to us. What was the total cost for 90 minutes of this entertainment? $114.58. I've never experienced such passive-aggressive contempt for customers (and I'm a Jew that shops at Hobby Lobby!) Talk about 'funny business!'  I really miss Budd (the original founder). He never pulled stunts like this.
4	Very Similar to Stand Up Live in Phoenix...I'll go and say I prefer Stand Up Live in Phoenix, but the Copper Blues in Tempe is better. I believe there is co-ownership somewhere within these companies.either/or, I will continue to return for acts that I'm interested in! :)
5	What a fun place! We are checking out Dana Carvey tonight! They have good food and great priced drinks. Checked out the line up for the coming year and some big names are comjng. Definitely going to come back.The burgers were great and the fries were crispy (very important to my husband). We sat upstairs,  which I think was better than than the ground floor. Quick service,  but auto gratuity was added to our bill, on top of a 2 drink minimum per person... only downside.
5	I went and saw Norm Macdonald and he killed it. Drinks are pricey but tickets are cheap so deal with it. 10/10 would go again
5	I like it here:) So far been here 2x; once to see Ralphie May, and the second time when the Improv gave me 4 free tickets to see Andrew Shulz.  Both times I've taken different family and friends, and they all said they too wanted to come back! The venue prices are fair (based on my research and experience), the place is clean and with a friendly professional staff.  I also enjoyed the space; if you are familiar with NYC comedy clubs then this place is perfect! Nothing like NYC, not as crowded and tiny, but small and cozy.  Oh, and is conveniently located to the Tempe nightlife (Mills Ave). Overall, def recommends! Plus, the drinks are fair priced and the food tastes awesome :-)
1	Went and saw Dana Carvey - he was great!  However, when it came to the two drink minimum, the shady practices were disturbing.  There are NO prices on the menu for drinks and when we asked our waitress every answer was, "It's ABOUT XX dollars".  When we received our bill one "ABOUT" $13 drink ended up being $16.  The drinks were incredibly weak.  Out designated driver was charged $12 for lemonade!  We were fully prepared to pay higher prices for our two drink minimum, but $12-16 for ONE fruit juice was unreasonable.  They need to just be upfront about pricing and not gouge people, especially the designated driver.  The venue was great otherwise, but the deception made us not want to go back.   I'd rather pay more for the ticket and have sane drink prices than be deceived.  I think we'll be trying other comedy clubs and avoiding this one.  Too bad, because otherwise it would be great.
3	The comedians which are pulled in are top notch and the food is stellar. The drinks came somewhat strong and pleasantly surprised me. The laughter was there but the room seemed extremely crowded, almost stuffed to the gills. The night was amazing until I finally got the bill; I PAID ALMOST AS MUCH FOR A DRINK AS I DID A BURGER W|FRIES!!! That is when I realized why they don't list pricing on the drink menu; the tickets might be cheap but don't let this deceive u, their pound of flesh is taken after u've been lubricated!! If ur willing to allow urself to be price gouged then ur in for some great comedy & an excellent meal. Otherwise, just redbox ur stand-up comedy and buy ur own booze, even top shelf is cheaper than Improv pricing; and seating is better too!!
4	Very Similar to Stand Up Live in Phoenix...I'll go and say I prefer Stand Up Live in Phoenix, but the Copper Blues in Tempe is better. I believe there is co-ownership somewhere within these companies.either/or, I will continue to return for acts that I'm interested in! :)
1	The tickets where hella cheap, so when something is too good to be true its usually for a reason. The comics where good, funny, they were awesome! So yes I was aware that there was a two drink minimum; however the price gouging was crazy. I had a coke for $5.75, and my husband was charged $11 for a watered down cranberry and vodka. The waitress was beat, mostly because she was in on what I was completely clueless about ... Gratuity at a rate of 15% is added automatically into the bill.  So basically they give u bare min service and get tipped either way. I've been to comedy clubs in the past and I was fine with being charged more for drinks if they were worth it. But they where not... they were serving kool aid and calling it liquor and that's just not cool. I would've preferred they just charged more for the tickets and be upfront. This was just like a bait and switch, and as a consumer I would not spend my money with a patronage that doesn't respect intelligence or my dime. I left just feeling ripped off, I will probably never return here again. Fool me once shame on you...
4	i had a great time here with family. we went to see Alex Reymundo. the servers were awesome and the drinks were strong!
2	I think the remodel is great. The comedian we saw was hilarious. The layout of the place was good.  The drinks were grossly overpriced and you had to buy two of them for each person. Our minimum drink tab was more expensive than the ticket. I paid $14 (13.95) for 1 Moscow Mule. The prices are not listed on their menu so your tab is a surprise at the end of the night.
3	I liked the food, the comedians, the look of the place.. .but it smelled horrible, like stale beer and garbage and gross feet. The smell was really distracting :(
4	Always a good time, but yes there is a too drink minimum and yes you will pay too much for the drinks. This is still (even with that) always a good time and well worth the cost. Come mentally prepared to add $20- $30 per person and just enjoy it! Live comedy is the best!
1	Terribly overpriced drinks :(  the drink menu does not have any price written, cocktails cost us 15 bucks plus tax when u will see the bill .  The bad part is even it says the cocktail is a grey goose vodka based .. I don't think the drink actually had any vodka in it for sure ., it's just ice and some cheap cocktail mix water .. Beer ( nothing on tap ) will cost 5 to 8 dollar for a bottle or can ., and the club has 2 drinks minimum ..,., it's a terrible place for food and drink .. 4 min price drinks at the end with tax and forced tips will cost around 60 bucks and the bad part is it's not even any good drink or nice cocktails .. Sound is good.. Seats are too close to each other so u will feel like you are sitting  too close to stranger sitting next chair .. The whole thing is pretty much a overpriced rip off .., nothing compared to a concert like good comedy experience in some real nice venue which will cost not too much than this place .. Will never go here again for sure
