5	Wow, what a great sandwich! I didn't expect it to be that good, simpliy because I didn't know exactly what is was. it's basically a super thin but mega crisp pita like pressed sandwich packed to the gills with great ingredients.  I went with the number 20: Turkey with avocado, bacon, cheddar, tomato and honey mustard. What can I say but VERY good! They had quite a few other "sandwiches" there that looked good as well. My sandwich came with this little corn, black bean salad that was dressed perfectly. I also got to sample this oatmeal cake, that was super good. All in all, great little place to pick up a unique sandwich for under $7. My only drawback would be the limited hours they're open, but I get it for the area. Luckily I was home sick today so I was able to get there for lunch.
5	Loved the sandwich...kind of like a round, sealed pannini with great stuff inside.  I would never have put the apples and turkey together but the guy at the counter recommended it and it was really good.  Totally different than anything I've ever had.  My order came up fast. (I hate it when I only get 45 minutes for lunch and I waste most of it just waiting for my food to be ready.)  I also had a cake with coconut on it that was delicious, moist and a good portion.  I'll be back soon.
3	I liked the Number 35 .. The only problem i had was that It was 6.95. The sandwiches are very small and I felt it was something that I couldn't  buy often.. They need to make a combo out of it .
3	Very cute interior and the staff could not have been friendlier. They were so pleasant!Craving a sandwich of some kind, I went here on a Friday afternoon. I'd read a few reviews prior to going so I was expecting to be little disappointed in the size of the sandwiches but not the quality. And that was true.Greeted so kindly by a host at the door (which is an old garage door, very cool) with a menu and suggestions for what to order at lunch, I knew the place was so hip and cool. The guy at the counter greeted me and again helped me order a sandwich with plenty of helpful suggestions. I ordered thier most poplar sandwich, #25. Anything with turkey and avacado is my weakness. I grabbed bag of chips and paid like $8 for it. The register girl complimented me on literally everything I was wearing. Um, hello new best friend.The sandwich was hand delivered to me and was so delish. They're more like sandwich pockets. We used to make the same things as a kid but put pizza in them. Just take 2 slices of bread, add your ingredients in the middle, take a circle cookie cutter to punch it out. Then Glaze it with butter or something and bake in the oven. Zooks did the same thing but way better. Was I sad to see the sandwich was so small? Yes, I was. But was I pleased with the shredded turkey, avacado, tomato, and spicy mustard... you betcha.I'd give Zooks a 4 but I wasn't exceptionally im pressed with the interior or seating arrangement of the place. But don't get me wrong, it's still really good!
4	Awesome delicious and different sandwich place! Corn and bean salad was good, would like some other options.  Definitely want to go back and try one of everything! Staff were friendly.  All around great new little spot
5	I'm hooked on Zookz! A friend raved about their sandwiches to me on a Saturday, and since they're only open M-F now, I was craving them even before my first bite! And my friend was right about it all... Delicious ingredients- hot, flavorful, fresh, wholesome- in an easy-to-eat pocket sandwich with crispy sealed edge. The serving size was perfect- just the right amount without leaving me hungry or too full. And the price was great- I think I spent around $6 for the #44 (2 egg frittata w bacon, ham, feta, parmesan, roasted red peppers & basil) and a large green iced tea. And I also had to buy the #55 to-go, because how could I walk away without dessert for later... peanut butter, nutella, bananas, and  roasted almonds! A great big YUM!The staff was super friendly and helpful. Carole, the owner, made it a point to say hi and ask how I enjoyed my food. I loved the garage door front that allowed in the beautiful fall morning air and sunshine. And even the bright natural colors and fruit/veggie mural on the wall gave it a feel-good vibe.I will definitely be back to try even more of their sandwich creations... as well as their salads. I hear Carole's homemade dressings are amazing!
5	The roast beef special today with caramelized onions and blue cheese was REALLY tasty!Have you ever walked into a restaurant or retail establishment and just felt good about it?  I so want this place to succeed.  Something about the greeting, the friendly staff, the owner  personally making my sandwich, and then coming over to ask me how it was...you can't ask for more "heart" put into a start-up sandwich shop!!  Even a PB&J tastes better when someone else makes it...but these sandwiches are terrific.I will certainly return! Thank you, Zookz.
5	Our intention was to go to Mazie's next door, but there was a 30 minute wait so we decided to give Zookz a try and we are so glad we did!   I'm not exactly sure how to describe their sandwich:  a round panini,? a round grilled cheese sandwich with other stuff in it, or as they say "a warmly toasted, round and sealed sandwich?   However you describe it -- it is fabulous!My adventurous hubby tried the No. 15 Thinly sliced turkey, dried cranberries, shredded carrots, roasted almonds and a mild curry sauce.   My adventurous 12 year old son tried the No. 45 Fresh Mozzarella, tomatoes, fresh spinach, roasted red peppers and fresh basil with honey Balsamic Vinaigrette.  And, I, probably the least adventurous on this day, ordered the No. 20 Thinly sliced turkey, crisp bacon, fresh avocado, tomatoes, shredded cheddar and Sweet Heat Mustard Sauce ( I was told it was the most popular sandwich ordered).All three  of us tried each others sandwich by proclaimed our respective sandwich the best.  The sandwiches are served with a little side of Kale salad.    Price point for sandwiches is around $5.75They do serve breakfast sandwiches as well, which we plan to try!Operational Notes:  Hopefully you are enticed enough to give them a try, but beware of their hours - M- F 7am - 3:30pm (they aren't open in the evening).  I believe they are closed on Saturdays (that seemed like an odd decision), but they are open on Sunday's (which is the day we happily came across them).   The interior is cute, and they have outdoor patio seating.  Staff is super friendly as noted on other reviews.  No alcohol is served, but who needs the alcohol... will only numb your tastebud's from savoring those flavorful sandwiches!
4	You are now aware that Zookz makes uncrustables for grown-ups. And while you can't get a PB&J, they are delicious. I must have stumbled upon a meeting of sorts during my first visit to Zookz. About six workers stopped, looked my way, and greeted me with huge smiles. I can tell when someone is faking it, and these grins sure were genuine!I wanted the very best they had to offer, so without hesitation I went for their most popular lunch--turkey, bacon, avocado, and sweet mustard. It came with a tiny, but scrumptious side salad of kale, craisins, and walnuts. Delightful! Some say these are small, but this is a right-size lunch at a good price. Totally snagged a little jug of apple juice with my sandwich and dropped less than $9 for a satisfying meal. A fair criticism to ding a star for is that it's not as flavorful as the ingredients would suggest. Rather than an eclectic sandwich, it almost tastes like the best grilled cheese you've had in your life. I would use less cheese and probably go for something sharper, just to let everything else shine. Whoever writes the menu has some creativity and a keen palate for mixing flavors. If you're around CenPho and seeking a tasty, casual lunch, don't pass this place up!
5	Fantastic customer service! Delicious food! My sandwich was soooo yummy! And reasonably priced! So glad I came in!
5	Love Zookz!  I work downtown so time was limited. I ordered online from their website, zookzsandwiches.com. It was so simple to do. I got to choose my pickup time. I got there at noon and was able to go directly to the counter.  The cashier was friendly and had a big smile on her face.  My food was out within 60 seconds and my sandwich (the #45) was nice and warm- and 10 minutes later when I got to my office it was still warm and fresh.  I had kale salad on the side. The flavors were excellent and ingredients were fresh and crisp!  With placing my order to go, I did not get a good look at inside, however I did notice it was clean and open to the outside eating space in the front.  With the quick & easy online ordering, the quick & friendly staff, and the fresh & delicious food, I will definitely be back!
5	We went to Zook's from a friends reccomendation.  We walked in and it was the cutest clean and fun all mixed together.  The staff at the counter were smiling and happy.  Later found out one of them was the owner.  She was great and personable.I tried the ham, brie and apricot preserves sandwich.  when it arrived, I was surprised by the cute pocket sandwich.   Hot and fresh.  The kale salad side dish was great too.  ( I am not a kale fan). Definitely a place I will return to and try one of the morning poached egg sandwiches.  They looked delicious.  Hours are 7 am - 3pm.  Stop by for a great healthy breaskast to start your day.
5	Um...I might have an addiction! Every thing I have ever ordered there has been great! The owner is very cool and checks to make sure everything is perfect! She even brings us samples of new things to try and asks for our feedback! Love that! Can I just say...the #55 with peanut butter, Nutella, bananas and almonds...I die!
5	tasty little sandwiches s with an edge.... very reasonable pricing!
4	Delish sandwich and amazing little salad.  If the items were cheaper or the portions bigger I would give them 5 stars.  Come if you're feeling peckish, not famished!
5	What a great idea! Toasted sandwiches seared around the edges and filled with lovely, inventive, tasty fillings! Some may call them called Toastites or Toasties. Delightfully paired ingredients for breakfast or lunch. Quick, fresh, hot, delicious...what more could you ask for. Oh yes, breakfast around $4 -$5 and lunch around $6.50. Tasteful modern clean interior. Now open every day this will become a fast favorite. Try the Kale side salad (included in price) with chef/owner Carole's secret dressing. Wow!
5	What a fantastic breakfast and lunch place.  Unique, tasty and affordable.  Grilled sandwiches filled with fresh ingredients.  We had the turkey, dried cranberries with mild curry sauce. Incredible.  My husband had the ham with brie and apricot preserves.  Equally fabulous!  And the kale salad is to die for. Freshly prepared food in a clean and modern environment at these prices just can't be beat!  Breakfast sandwiches are only $4.50 and the lunch sandwiches are only $6.50.  A great experience.   Service is quick.   Owner came out to meet us and is lovely. THIS IS A MUST TRY!
4	My hubby and two young kids happened upon Zookz on a Saturday (which they are now open on) & loved it! Hubby had a roast beef something with the kale salad, I had something with cheese & eggs, both kids had the bananas Nutella and PB sooo yummy. The kale salad is more fine and like a "slaw" than a regular salad. I really want to go back & taste something else on the menu.The major plus for this place is the family owned feel. The owner talked to us a little, and was eager to answer our questions about ingredients, how the sandwich was made, etc. For me - good Customer Service is never forgotten!
5	My husband suggested going here for lunch today as he's a sandwich lover and we hadn't tried Zookz yet. I really wasn't expecting much as sandwiches are typically pretty straight forward. We walked up to order and I saw they had breakfast sandwiches, I asked if they sold breakfast all day since an egg sandwich sounded really good. They said that they usually only serve breakfast in the morning, but will check to see if they would do it for me anyway, I said "No prob, I'll just order from the lunch menu." as I didn't want to be a pain. They checked with the kitchen anyway and said it would be no problem to make a breakfast sandwich. I asked for mine with no parmesan as I can't eat cow's milk. The chef then came out and asked if I would like anything else in replacement, I told her I couldn't eat cow's milk dairy, so she then offered to give me goat cheese instead. How cool is that? I try not to be a pain with my dietary issues, but they went above and beyond with their service and to accommodate me.As for the food; my sandwich was really tasty, eggs were cooked right with fresh spinach and tomatoes, and the bread was nice and crusty, and it had extra goodness due to the added goat cheese. My husband had the turkey avocado, I tried a bite and it was equally as good as my sandwich. The sweet mustard dressing was a really good addition. His also came with a kale salad which was as good as the sandwiches.I would highly recommend Zookz and will definitely be back!
5	Delicious, fresh and different take on familiar food!  The sandwiches are carefully crafted and generously proportioned.   The side was good, a tasty corn/black bean salad.  The sandwich itself was great! I am not generally speaking a bread person, but the toasted, grilled edge of these sandwiches made them really special! The sandwich was hot, the inside breakfast of eggs, cheese, bacon...just perfectly cooked, not too dry, pipping hot and flavorful.The Nutella-PB was a decadent dessert treat! HURRY AND VISIT BEFORE THE NEWS GETS OUT!!!!
4	Creative, fresh, tasty & here to stay!I have had many items on the menu, breakfast and lunch, enjoyed it all.
4	I'd been meaning to try this place for months and was finally able to yesterday. I stopped in around 1:30 on Sunday and not a single other customer was in the place. I was greeted by a smiling man behind the counter who was friendly and gave me some helpful suggestions on what sandwiches were popular. I opted for the #10, even though that wasn't on his suggestions. It came with turkey, apples, parmesan cheese and hot mustard and I opted for the side of their kale salad over a few different kinds of potato chips. After a short wait, my to-go order was brought out. As I took my Zookz sandwich out of the bag once home I realized it was a warm panini like sandwich that reminded me of those crustables PBnJ sandwiches you see in the freezer aisle. To my delight, the sandwich was really good. The apples gave the turkey a nice crisp sweetness and the flavor mixture was good. I really enjoyed the kale salad as well and dressing that came on it was nice and light and perfect for the salad. I would consider it a light lunch but it did fill me up for several hours.I can't wait to go back and try all the other options! I checked their website for nutrition information but didn't see any. Anyone know if they have it? If not, I hope they do soon!
4	I was looking for a place to eat breakfast or lunch and thanks to Yelp I decided to try this place out. Zookz has a really relaxing atmosphere, owner is very friendly and helpful. I got the #25 which consisted of ham, tomatoes, avocados, black beans, shredded cheddar cheese and chipotle sauce. Portion size was good for the price too ($7 and some change for the sandwich).All menu items sounded delicious, and the sandwiches come with either chips or kale salad (for all you kale lovers). I'd definitely come back here again and hope to try out the breakfast items next time.Bonus tip: Check in on foursquare and you'll receive 15% discount. It's a May deal only so I highly suggest you check this place out and get the discount!
4	My friend and I were in the mood for a sandwich for lunch so we decided to look up what was nearby when we found Zookz and decided to give it a try since the reviews were so positive. The staff was friendly and the interior was clean bright and breezy from the open doors letting in the fresh air and light. It felt almost like being on a patio instead of indoors. He ordered the #25 and I ordered the #35. Both were delicious, if somewhat smaller than expected. For a light lunch the size is perfect,  especially if you have the kale salad alongside it. I actually liked the kale salad so much I decided to ask if I could get a larger order to go to have as a healthy snack while at work. The owner came by our table to personally ask how we enjoyed our food. She informed me she didn't but would happily pack one for me. I found her very friendly and accommodating.Overall my friend and I enjoyed Zookz and will be back.By the way: If you check in on foursquare you can get 15% off your meal...also on yelp if you check in they give you 10% off.
4	If you are a sandwich lover, you will enjoy this place!  They also have really yummy salads including a kale salad that is to die for!  Fresh spin on the typical sandwich, fresh ingredients, and a great atmosphere!  And the owner is super sweet and nice! What more can you ask for.  Oh yeah, the price is just right too!
4	I went here with coworkers for a quick lunch and was not disappointed. The staff was friendly and helpful. The manager also came out to see how we were enjoying our meal. I am not sure how to describe the sandwiches that they make. They look like two pancakes, but they are not, that are fused together with the delicious meat, cheese, and vegetable combinations stuffed inside. I had the turkey bacon and avocado and it was scrumptious.  The sandwich came with an orange citrus kale salad that was unexpectantly delicious and I don't normally like kale. As a surprise from my coworkers the staff brought me a piece of their oatmeal coconut cake. I wasn't sure what to expect but it did not fail. The cake was light and moist and the coconut was not overpowering. I would highly recommend that if you are ever near camelback and central for lunch to check out this place.
5	Breakfast prepared just right with a good blend of seasonings, not too greasy, bread had a nice bite to it. Recommend breakfast no. 44.
5	I checked this place out on yelp before I went, I saw a lot of good review so I ventured and got me a sandwich after church. I was really impressed with the place, it has a very colorful atmosphere and a personal welcoming feeling from the staff.I ordered the #22 breakfast sandwich, and the guy asked for my name. I personally prefer being called by my name rather than a number on my receipt.The sandwich looked sorta small when I got it but it was very filling.You get a 10% coupon if you check into the restaurant, so make sure to check in into yelp.
5	I really enjoy eating lunch here....so much, I've come here 2 days in a row and I don't ever do that!  The portions are perfect...you'll be pleasantly full.  But more than that....your taste buds will thank you!  Everything I've had here was uniquely different and delicious!!!
5	New place and I must say... WOWNew start up businesses take notes, this is how you get happy customers. Staff is friendly and understands the products. Neat atmosphere, Great food with a Unique touch and very fair prices. Has a very new age urban feel, yet still professional.
5	Love it! Place- clean, casual, and modern. Inside outside eating areas.Service-friendly and curtious. You order get your drink and they bring your food to your table. Food- fresh, non greasy, filling, and delish! I've had the no. 20 &22. Yum!
5	Stopped by  Zookz for lunch before my trip back to California.  Kale salad was great!  Sandwich was made with fresh ingredients and the bread was toasted to perfection.  Splurged and had a dessert Zookz as well.  My two favorite combos - chocolate and coconut.  I will be sure to stop in at Zookz next time in Phoenix.  Looking forward to breakfast specialties!
5	This is my favorite sandwich place it 's delicious.  All the fresh ingredients come together perfectly in this wonderful mouth watering pocket of goodness.  Everyone is extremely friendly & welcoming.  I love the people there & they make my lunch enjoyable every time I stop in.  The kale salad is amazing & If you get a chance to try the special on a Wednesday your mouth will be pleased.
4	Great little place. The guy at the counter was very helpful explaining this new sandwich concept and pointing out popular items. They take two slices of bread sort of a french bread, put the ingredient in the middle and press it in some sort of machine to melt and seal it all together. Very tasty.I had a breakfast sandwich with poached eggs and my partner had a turkey sandwich that came with a side salad. Both sandwiches were fantastic with all the ingredients fused together  and the side kale salad with orange dressing was amazing. Please make this into a regular size salad with chicken or something, its delicious.
5	Had the #20 and a kale salad. Excellent and service was great. Will return.
4	Yesterday, we wanted to try something new for lunch..  We were in the mood for a good salad and my friend did a search and Zooks was on the list.  We headed over and in my mind knowing where this was located, I dreaded the parking situation I was going to find.  Luckily, the parking wasn't bad because we went at 1pm, but we did get the last spot that we had to squeeze into.  A truck would never fit.  Anyway, we walked in and the atmosphere is pretty fresh and clean with bright colors and images of fresh veggies adorning the walls.  Pretty nice.   When you walk up to the counter, a pretty nice guy greeted us and asked if we had been there before and when we said no, he explained the menu to us.  We went right for the salads, even though some of the sandwich options looked pretty good. I got the #5 and an iced tea.  We took our seats and one thing that stuck us as a little odd was that the AC system was over the windows but the air was so forceful it didn't matter where you sat in the dinning area, you were going to be blasted.  Not a huge deal, but it was noticeable.  It's Arizona and it's hot, so I guess we should be thankful.  Once we got our meal, it came in a plastic to-go container.  One thing I might recommend to them is using something less environmentally unfriendly and costly for people who are dinning in.  I mean it seems very "pre-packaged" and not to mention it's totally crappy for the environment, but I digress.... The salad was full of wonderful ingredients, crumbled bacon, roasted almonds, dried cranberries, apples, carrots, and Zookz Creamy Apple Mustard Dressing.  It was so good, it left me wanting more.  (Meaning it was great, but it have had more to it or at leas greens at least.  They should bottle that dressing for sure, though because it was awesome! This is a great place to grab lunch so check them out.  I think I definitely want to try a sandwich next time.  Maybe split it with my friend and have the salad again too.  I hope to see them fix the way they package their salads so when you dine-in you aren't getting it in a to-go container. Heck, it's going to save them money in the long run anyway.
4	Been hearing good things about this strange sandwich shop. I love a warm, toasty sandwich and these were definitely Tasty. The Zook is served with a choice of side salad, unfortunately all their salads have nuts. I have nut allergies as do many people in this world, so be aware of the ingredient list when you order. I complained about the nuts, the owner said she would make me a new salad. I was not in a mood to wait after driving around for 5 mins. trying to park. So I took my order and went back to work. 15 mins later the owner showed up at my shop with a nut free salad! WOW, now that is customer service. I'm not even sure how she tracked me down, I was amazed. Thanks Zooks Lady. She even said she is going to rethink having nuts in so many menu items.
5	We live in Medlock district, within walking distant to Zookz.  Watched it come up and intended to give it a try early on but didn't.  One Sunday morn, on a walk with my older girl and with the baby in her mei tai, I realized they would be open by the time we finished.When I arrived they had JUST opened for the day.  I was a sweaty mess and dragging my girls in.  The owner Carole was working and she was a VERY gracious host.  Explained the concept, asks us to make adjustments as desired and mentioned the kale & mandarin orange salad that is given with catering orders when I inquired for my office.  I got a few sandwiches to go so hubby and son could try them out as well.  She packed everything nicely for my walk home, poured the drink for me AND tossed in a sample of the salad.BTW: Kale isn't high on my 'delish' meter.  However, this is not my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE SALAD hands down.  I actually drool at little whenever I think about it (darn it, there I go again...).We have now gone a few more times and each sandwich has been warm, moist, toasty, crisp, flavorful and so wonderful it makes my husband smile to think about it.  One of our top 5 eateries and I personally LOVE her backstory (check out the About portion of their website).Start-up businesses are rough.  We have a lot of great local-owned food establishments in the valley.   I truly wish her the best.  She's got a few more fans and regular customers from my house!
5	Very unique sandwich shop.  The ham, Brie and apricot preserve was great.  And don't miss out on the kale salad - seriously - not what you think it will be - its really good.   Top notch place.
4	A cool idea for sandwiches. Toasted, circular, and sealed. Fantastic service. Very friendly. Had an egg frittata sandwich with feta, bacon, ham, Parmesan cheese, roasted red peppers, and basil. It was really tasty, can't wait to try the lunch sandwiches.
4	Great for lunch, perfect portions....(unless you just finished trying out for the Cardinals then you might needs something a little more substantial).
5	I think this restaurant does a great job at bringing something new to the table. I would also like to mention that the staff were friendly and dinging area was clean. The food is is definitely on the healthy side which I think we can all appreciate. It is a new place is mid-town that is worth giving a try for breakfast or lunch.
4	Took my daughters here for a quick, light meal.I was unfamiliar with the business, and didn't know all their sandwiches were pressed.I had a turkey sandwich, with bacon, and feta. It was AMAZING!My daughters had turkey, and roast beef sandwiches, which were equally delicious.I met the owner, who was very pleasant, and gracious.I will likely return.
4	Heard about this amazing place from a friend. It was like a grilled cheese for breakfast! Nice quality ingredients, and very reasonable prices. The owner was incredibly accommodating and friendly. Very passionate about her business. I will most definitely be back!I would also like to add that I went here for breakfast and had to take half the sandwich home. They're very filling!
4	Delish! Had a breakfast sandwich to go and it was rich, filling, and perfectly sized. I really want to try their other sandwiches.
3	After taking a look at reviews on Yelp, a friend and I decided to chance it and head over to Zookz.  We found an empty restaurant at 11:45am on a Monday, which piqued our curiosity.  The inside was adorned with a few flat screens, a gourmet beverage station, and the clerks even took our orders on iPads.  The staff was attentive and helpful, explaining that their sandwiches required a custom-ordered machine - sounded enticing.  We ordered and received our food promptly.  They were tasty, but the sandwiches are literally the size (and shape) of a baseball.  They are kind enough to serve their sammies with a side of salad (potato or kale salad), that is around 1oz. That's right - a baseball sized sandwich with a 1oz. salad - for approximately $8, not including a drink.The sandwiches were solid, albeit a bit different than your usual fare.  But we left unsatisfied, and headed over to AJ's to grab an additional bite.Check it out if you must, but you'll leave hungry.
5	I had my first Zooks experience yesterday for lunch.  Carole the owner of Zooks created great place to go in District 4. I got the #30, a creative combination of ham, brie, apricot and roasted almonds, my mouth is still watering from it.  Not only was the sandwich amazing but Carole suggested that my team and I try the kale salad and the oatmeal cake, what a good suggestion that was. It was an amazing lunch and can't wait to come back with my team.
4	The hubby and I were in the area the other mornin and wanted breakfast.  We love breakfast sandwiches so we came here.  They were very nice and our sandwiches were great.  They did still add sauce to my husbands sandwich when he asked them to hold it, but he liked the sauce luckily.  I had the first sandwich on the menu with bacon, tomatoes, basil and cheese, it was very good.  The hubby had the second, it was southwestern with chipotle sauce.  He liked it.  We will be back for sure, the other sandwiches on the menu sound awesome!!
4	What a wonderful find in the Central Phoenix area!  We just finished the Children's Museum and wanted to get a quick, healthy bite to eat before heading home.  After two attempts at different deli establishments (both closed on Sundays), we stumbled upon Zookz. I had #15 (the turkey, cranberries, roasted almonds, and a light curry sauce) with a side of Kale salad.  It was light, tasty, filling, and satisfying!  The combination of these wonderful, fresh ingredients made my mouth as happy has can be.  Of course, the best part was the toasted bread-you've got to experience it!  You'll see nothing like this anywhere.  My boyfriend had a breakfast sandwich (don't recall which one it actually was), but he said it was delicious too!  If you crave something fresh, healthy, and original (the toasted bread-like Panini pocket), you have to try this place, it's totally worth it!
5	Wow ... Stopped by for a late lunch and to my surprise, I was extremely impressed. They take pride in their work and each sandwich is meticulously put together !! With an explosion of flavors and awesome presentation, I'd say this was the best sandwich I've had in a Long time !! Well done !!
4	My coworker and I were looking for a place to go to lunch the other day. She said that I had not steered her wrong yet on picking restaurants based on yelp reviews. Zookz Sandwiches helped me continue with my success. Their sandwiches are unique and delicious. I would describe them almost like a fresh hot pocket, but way better than a hot pocket.The owner is super nice and let my friend and I try the kale salad, cause she said it was a must. She was absolutely right! the kale salad was amazing and I will definitely be ordering it my next visit. We both thoroughly enjoyed our lunch and experience. My coworker even went back the next day with another coworker.  :)
5	One bite and  I'm hooked. #30-ham, a layer of Brie, a spoonful of apricot preserves and a sprinkle of roasted almonds all gooey and melted is definitely the way to go. I also really loved the kale salad side dish. It had a sweet vinaigrette and had pecans (and maybe bits of apple?) in it. I only wish it were larger. :)My friend had the turkey with the curry mayo and cranberries and it was awesome too. I really can't wait to go back and chow down on these little frisbees of awesomeness. Do check in while you're there and you may get a 10% off coupon. I didn't discover that till we were leaving but it said I could use it next time!
5	I've been to Zookz 3 or 4 times and haven't had a sandwich I didn't like. I plan on working my way through the menu and Carole and the rest of the staff are outstanding.Zooks is close to work so it is easy to pick up a quick breakfast or lunch sandwich and get back in our 30 minute time frame.    I don't eat my green veggies like I should (or at all) but I can survive on the Kale Salad.  It is to die for. I would recommend Zookz to anyone.  It is located on Central across from St. Francis RC Church.  Try the Nutella, peanut butter banana sandwich as a dessert.   My friend and I share it as it is too sweet and filling to eat after a full sandwich.Prices are great too.
5	Definitely a great new sandwich place! We had the #20 and #32 with side kale salads. They were hot and full of flavor! The kale salad was great as well! Looking forward to trying a different sandwich next time.
5	5 stars just cause i got a free sandwich for waiting too long. lol i'm a lazy writer but i had a good time so five stars.
5	This place is delicious, a cool concept, and has awesome customer service. I love their breakfast sandwiches! GET THE KALE SALAD.
3	1st time here.. interesting place. Food was good, on the small portion size. I will try it again.
5	I just had a wonderful experience here so 5 stars it is. If George Foreman owned a eatery it would be Zooks. Lol- they make their sandwiches in a machine that transfers your meal into a pocket type of sandwich melt kind of like the grills Foreman makes. See, so I made that fun connection. However, the difference is the owner Carole is a gem. (Okay, maybe George is too but I don't know him personally or have ever met him before - Call me George Foreman the next time you are in Phx and Zooks is on me.- lol, silly me.) After I walked in looking a little lost, a woman comes running over to me with a big grin on her face. She was so welcoming and explains the entire sandwich making process to me. I had no idea what to order so we began to chat. "Wow, the staff here are so helpful and nice," I am thinking to myself. ( especially after I tell her I meant to go to another restaurant and found my way here by mistake. Well not really since Zooks was on the "Gotta Try List" anyway. I believe Karma led me here today ) Well, as it turns out this charming lady is to my great surprise the actual owner, Carole. She is so delightful, helpful and friendly. It is apparent Carole loves what she does and is proud of her place. The breakfast sandwich I received was pretty tasty. They use Wildflower bread, Ummm, "Yummers!" I can't wait to come back and try all of the different menu item sandwiches. I read all these great comments on the Kale salad so I will have to try that too. The only thing you might want to note is that the sandwiches are smaller than the average way too big portions we seem to be familiar with in America. I was thrilled myself. However, some other people who do not know any better might be forewarned. Thank you Carole and the pleasure was all mine to meet you. Just a note, I never made it to the other restaurant at all. I might never with you nearby.
5	Awesome tasting "flying saucer" sandwiches! Her desserts are diet killer! So good. The kale salad with the light dressing is full of flavor.
5	My boyfriend and I passed this place driving by and thought the storefront looked fun so we thought we'd give it a try. Zookz is kind of an order-up sandwich place. Order at the counter, sit down and they serve you. Nice and casual. One thing I really liked about this place is that the person at the counter was very helpful and was ready with suggestions for those of us newbies. The sandwiches here are interesting in that they are sealed/seared into circles so all the goodies are on the inside not leaking out the back end. The other great thing is that they are really open to substitutions and customization so that you can have the exact sandwich you want. I don't even think they charged me for adding an ingredient. We each got the #20, which is the bacon turkey avocado. He got his per the menu and I swapped the mustard for the chipotle sauce and added roasted red peppers. On first impression I will be honest I thought I would still be hungry when I was finished, but watch out the size is deceiving! Halfway through I had started to get full, so portion size was actually perfect.Oh, and try the kale salad. I was skeptical about this as well because I don't normally like kale but this was really good. Julienned with mandarin oranges and almonds. Really tasty. All in all, a very yummy lunch for about $17 for two. I'd love to go back next time I'm close to downtown.
5	Heaven. I love it when a place offers breakfast all day. Not that I got the breakfast, but just thought I'd mention that nice perk.First of all, the employees are all so helpful, kind and accommodating; and they were eager to please. These sandwiches are absolutely delicious. They are all pretty unique in one way or another, but my husband and I split two different sandwiches and were equally thrilled with both. Their crust is enough by itself to make any sandwich taste good. For those of you with a picky palate, they are willing to make a sandwich however you please, so don't fret when you don't see anything on the menu that sounds good. Also tried the kale salad and potato salad. Both were absolutely delicious and unique! All in all, my tummy was extremely happy when we left and I will definitely be back.
3	Unique pocket sandwiches that tasted good. The roast beef with horseradish was delicious. They had a staffing issue the day we were there so the service was sloooowwwwww. But the owner really worked hard to make it right. I believe in second chances so we may be back.
5	One of my favorite places. Never had a sandwich I didn't like and I've tried them all by now! Friendly staff, whom knows me by name now and always addresses me as so. Warm and welcoming, not to mention all day breakfast! Kale salad is a delicious and healthy choice for a side. Pomegranate green tea is perfect with any of the sandwiches. This is seriously my favorite place to go to. They are very easy going and let you add or drop anything off of the sandwiches to fit your preferences. If you have a minute when you stop in, read the "How Zookz came to be" on the wall, it will touch your heart! All around amazing place.
4	I had the #11 and #20. I didn't really like the breakfast sandwich (11), the poached egg was not what I expected.  The yolk was completely cook. I guess I thought it was gonna come a little runny. The lunch one (20) was fantastic! Threw a little hot sauce on it... YUM!
5	Stopped in to get breakfast after reading Yelp reviews.  Sandwiches were yummy and really fresh.  My husband got a lunch sandwich and loved the kale salad that came with it.  Great coffee as well.  Owner was really friendly and helpful.  We live in Washington, DC and are sorry that this is not a place we can frequent!
5	Absolutely love this place. Everything was amazing! The service and food! The cashier and chef were extremely nice and they said that if I didn't like my food they can make me a new one. Of course that wasn't necessary because I loved what I ordered. 100% recommended.
5	I tried this place yesterday (#44) for breakfast and went to bed later that night still thinking about it. Woke up today and went again for breakfast with a few friends who also loved it!!!! It's that good! Such a nice staff and amazing food! And the kale salad was amazing!  Don't forget to try the peanut butter, Nutella, banana and almond sandwich! OMG
5	Love the food and the concept. Original sandwiches, healthy, clean, and fresh flavors. Ate there for the first time today and the owner was a beautiful and kind lady. I highly recommend everyone check this place out and make it a routine!
5	Freakin' TASTY stuff here, fresh, hot, made-to-order, sweet owner and staff, clean as can be, what's not to like?
4	Stopped here for a lunch after reading good reviews. They were pretty spot on. The owner is a very nice lady who is very involved and is local, which is cool by me. Always good to support local small businesses.The menu isn't too large but you can customize your sandwiches. I tried to have my sandwich with chipotle sauce instead of mustard, and it even said it on the bag, but i definitely still got mustard, or their chipotle sauce tastes exactly like mustard.... The sandwich was pretty good. A little small and the flavors are kind of all blended together which is a little different, but good. They have Tim's chips which are amazing (try the sour cream chips) and the price is reasonable, although if you are really hungry this is probably not going to be a place to order just one sandwich.I appreciate the owner's dedication and effort in a tough area (near the light rail in north central phoenix), but I worry about the ability to run a successful business there. I think a place like this would do amazing in old town or PV or near ASU. Probably even in growing rural parts of Chandler and Gilbert. It's got a tough battle being located where it is, mainly because of the lack of foot or car traffic. I hope they do or that they move somewhere closer to me because I did like the place.I will definitely stop by here again if I am in that area and I wish this place the best, thanks again.
5	So today was the 4th time eating here in about a week, (I live like 25 min away)  still shocked how amazing the food is! Good job ladies!!!!
5	This place is heaven on earth. Every sandwich I get changes my life. I love this place for lunch. The owner Carole is a doll and everyone who works there is so NICE. Nothing beats this place. I'd come here over a chain any day. I have not tried breakfast yet, but am looking forward to when I do. My favorite so far is the #25! AMAZING! You have to try it out.. But I warn you that it will be your new addiction!
4	My husband's been wanting to try this place so we decided to check it out on one of our trips into Phoenix.  Very friendly staff, simple menu, very delicious food.I can't really explain what the sandwiches are like.  You just have to try it out.  It's like a closed in sandwich but when you bite into it, there's just a burst of delicious goodness.  Although I wasn't "full" after our sandwich (they're not very big but I would say probably the size of a sandwich that we SHOULD be eating) I was very satisfied.Next time we're in the area I'd definitely go back.  Their green iced tea was yummy too!
5	A very cool twist on the traditional sandwich.  Great menu choices.  Side salads were different and wonderful.  Don't miss the peanut butter/Nutella sandwich as a desert. Great staff.  Terrific food.  We will be back for sure.
5	Nom nom nom!!!! So I dont remember whats my sandwich was called but it had apple and turkey along with something else.. it was suggested to me by the owner..and it was a good call..ps she was super sweet.. but the bread part was delicious!!! You should def give them a try!
4	Delicious! The bread is buttery, soft in the center and a little crispy on the outside. The kale salad it fantastic as well as the potato salad. I had the turkey bacon sandwich. Very good!
5	Stopped in today for a late lunch. Outstanding. Friendly service. Excellent sandwich and the kale salad was amazing as recommended.  I got the ham and brie with apricot spread and almonds. Very tasty. The machine presses the sandwiches, reminds me of what we called hobo sandwiches around the campfire. I do taste the smokiness. Haha.Be warned though, the sandwiches are small. Thats okay though, go with a friend and split a third sandwich. Perfect.     :-)
5	My wife and I travel across the country nine months per year.  We always look for local favorite breakfast spots on Yelp. This is the most unique experience we have had. The breakfast sandwiches are beyond good.  In fact, we have been there six times over the past two weeks! The restaurant is exceptionally clean and the staff is very friendly. They even remembered our names after the first visit.The breakfast sandwich is plenty enough for a satisfying meal.  Our favorites are the #22 and the #55 (Nutella, peanut butter, banana, almonds).Try it once and you will go back. Little wonder it was named "Best Sandwich Spot" in the valley by a local magazine.
5	My husband found this place while golfing with a buddy. He raved about it all week long and then insisted we go back the following Saturday morning. I tried the No. 11 with avocado and it was so good, my son even likes this place and he's a finicky eater. The owner Carol came out introduced herself and asked if we needed anything. Overall I would definitely venture Back to central Phoenix for another Zooks No. 11.. The service was quick and great, the staff is friendly, the food is really good!!!
4	Great concept, Great potato salad.  The only drag is the lack of available parking.
5	If you're looking for something different, healthy and yummy, this is the place to try!
5	I am the new community manager at Landmark Towers and tried Zooks for the first time this week.  It was AMAZING!!!!!!!  I have eaten there twice this week and will again today!!!!  The #20 is my absolute fav!!!!!!
5	Been wanting to come here since they've been open.  Literally 2.3 seconds away from ny house  Amazing delicious little spot. #45 #20 #33 a mustttttttttttt  the Potatoe and kale salad was to die for. I killed it. Hehe :DCarol the owner was wonderful. So kind and very friendly. The people here were so friendly especially being first timers here and was a pain. Lolz.I AM COMING BACK!!!!
5	This place is great. Zooks is just a stones throw away from where I live. My girlfriend recommended to me so I thought I'd check it out. Zooks is kinda like a Cornish Pasty co. on the go and less hearty. Although, I believe Zooks food is completely fresh. I will most likely be back and would recommend this place to others. For breakfast the number 11. sandwich is great.Pros: -great service-short wait times-awesome tasting food-great pricesCons:-I feel like there are random close times on the weekends-not much parking
5	I love this place. Came here with my girlfriend and her sister for breakfast. Customer service was superb and the sandwiches were delightful. And the manager is so nice always checking up on how everything is going. Definitely coming back for more.I got the sandwich #20
5	Okay, brought my hubby here to try and he loved the #35.  He did say pastrami one would be good. Carol also made some amazing potato soup that was the best I had especially on this cold day. Hopefully they keep making it!
5	Wow... From the first moment I walked in!! Such friendly staff who greet you! I got the #33 without tomatoes and it was very delicious!! I would say the best breakfast sandwich I've had in a very long time. I'm not a fan of spinach but I kept it on the sandwich and it tasted great with the egg and cheese. All fresh ingredients and the taste definitely shines through. Easily a 5star place based on atmosphere, friendliness and taste. Thank you Zookz, a true Diamond in the rough!!! If I'm ever passing through Phoenix again, no doubt I will stop in and eat me some deliciousness!
5	In town for business and caught a cold, I looked up sandwich places so I could get soup.  Ended up that soup was a brand new menu item.  I loved the sandwiches and the soups were also very good.The owner came over and asked how my meal was, always a nice touch.  Definitely going to try and return before I head back to Chicago.
4	Both the sandwiches I shared were delicious. They use uncommon ingredients that really give this quick sandwich place such upscale flavor. I love how crispy and warm the sandwiches are.The sides were awesome especially the kale salad.
4	El Hubbo (aka the Hubs or Hubby) and I stopped in on our way from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Sedona AZ, as I had bookmarked this place as our lunch destination after reading the great reviews of it!First and foremost, I don't know anything about the Phoenix area, but the location of this place looks a little sketchy and in fact, I took a business call outside, prior to going into Zookz (because I didn't want to be obnoxious and talk on the phone while trying to order), and some random dude that was walking by starts mocking me.  LOL.  Weird.Anyway, enough of that nonsense!  Zookz is a small place and when we did go in, we were the only ones in there because it was like 2 p.m., so clearly after lunch time for most normal people (including me, but I'm not normal).I ordered the No. 20, which has turkey, bacon, avocado, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, and Zookz mustard sauce, and a small kale salad.  I was so hungry that I ate the kale salad immediately and it was OMG scrumdeliumtious!!  I really wanted more of it but knew I had a sandwich coming. When my sandwich arrived, it was cute & round!  It reminded me of the sandwiches I use to make at home way back when with my little Presto Sandwich Maker, and that's how it tasted, too!  It was really yummy!  I liked that it wasn't too filling, it was just right.  I kind of felt like I could eat 2 of them, but then I knew I would be in a carb coma on the way to Sedona.The employees here are super friendly and I also liked that they have a Hot Dog Cart Showroom across the street.  Are hot dog carts big in Phoenix that they need a showroom?!  BAHAHAHA!We would definitely return again if in the area!!
5	I feel in love with Zookz the first time popped in one Friday in March 2013.  I ordered a breakfast sandwich requesting no meat and was immediately offered fresh spinach as a substitute! Wow!! I have been hooked ever since and absolutely adore the curried turkey sandwich with kale salad. Alone or together these elements are outstanding!! Truly delicious with a wonderful melange of ingredients and a mild curry sauce. I like really hot curry but this subtle sauce works well for a general palate. The physical space is light and airy and the outdoor seats are nice. The place is always spotless (including the restroom.) This locally-owned eatery should be a must go-to place on a foodie's list. The pastry of the "sandwich" is neither heavy nor greasy and provides a nice crunch to the ingredients. Do yourself a favor and support a local business and enjoy some tasty food.
5	Not only does this place have some of the BEST and creative sandwiches in town, but the staff is amazing. They have made a sandwich and side for me 2 times now that was a special at one time, but not on the menu, they are so sweet and extremely accommodating.Their salads are fantastic and I love that the sandwiches are stuffed with so much great stuff and it wont fall out because its pressed. YUMMMY toooo
5	This place is absolutely amazing! I went there today and it was awesome! I went with my boyfriend and his sisters, and we all fell in love with it from the moment we stepped in.  I had one of the breakfast sandwiches and I about stopped in my tracks. The owner was so sweet in helping me make my decision -- something I struggle with. LOL. I wanted a salad as well, and was about to buy one. The owner gave me a fresh serving of the kale salad for free. I have never tried kale before, and it is amazing!!!  The salad was delicious! It was so good I ordered another one to bring home. I also had one of their desserts. YUMMY! Everyone left happy and full. Definitely coming back for more. Everyone there was so nice, I can't wait to go back. Maybe next weekend... :)
5	I highly recommend Zooks. I drove by Zooks for months always wanting to try it and now I regret waiting so long! The staff was excellent and gave us some great recommendations since it was our first time. I had the Turkey, bacon, avocado (sorry, I can't remember the number!) and my boyfriend had the #22 breakfast sandwich. Both were delicious. I wish we would have split our sandwiches instead of both eating our own! For sides, we had the potato salad and garbanzo bean salad, both were great. They had a slight lemon zest flavor which was a nice touch. The owner stopped by to check on us and she was very friendly. The lack of parking doesn't bother me because we walked from my apartment and it is walking distance from the light rail. Overall, we will be returning and recommending Zooks!
5	Hands down the most delicious and unique sandwiches I've ever eaten. 20, 25 and 35 are my favorites so far. Clean, friendly and fast.
4	Guys, these sandwishes (if you can call them that?) are amazing.  Hands down, they were some of the best sandwishes ive ever had. We tried 4 different ones and we loved all of them.  And my wife loved the kale salad also. That being said, im giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because i felt like the price was a little high considering how large the sandwiches were. Will i be coming here again next time im in the area? Yes!  Would i come here often if i lived in the area? No. Too expensive for my big appetite.  My wife on the other hand said she was filled between the kale salad and the sandwich. Me? I ate 2 sandwiches and most of my kids sandwich (2 and a half) and i could have eaten the other half...
4	Zookz wasn't even on my gastronomic radar as I was driving south on Central Avenue on my way to Burton Barr Library around lunch time today.  However, it was the first restaurant on Yelp's list as I searched on my phone.  I caught a glimpse of it as I drove by to my right and immediately took the first right to circle back to it. Very friendly staff is what greeted me upon walking in.  They could sense immediately it was my first because I most likely gave an impression of a Golden Retriever puppy that walked into the neighbor's house: confused, lost and maybe a little intimidated due to unfamiliarity.  The staff eased me in however and made me feel at home within moments, explaining what they offer and serve.  I asked what their recommendations were and both gladly obliged.  Tara (I didn't get her name but calling her that because she looks like the young Tara Reid) chose No 11; while Guy (just because he was a guy) picked No 45. Both choices looked equally appetizing based on the ingredients' description from the overhead menu, but I was leaning towards No 11 because it was Tara's choice plus it had cream cheese which we both like.   As Tara was taking my order, Guy threw in a last-second recommendation - No 25 - which he said I could customize by adding cream cheese (yay Tara) and bacon.I decided to sit outside on the patio so I could enjoy this fantastic weather and have a chance to observe the surroundings.  Soon after, my order was brought to my table, enclosed in the paper bag Tara had written my order on.  Taking the sandwich out of the bag, the aroma alone whetted my appetite even more, but I was a little disappointed because a wall picture inside had me visualizing a more substantial delight.  I stared at it for a few seconds as I struggled to mentally grasp what I was looking at because it looked like two slightly larger dollar-sized pancakes fused together in a panini fashion. Nonetheless, my first bite could not have prepared me for the explosion of flavors in my mouth; all the ingredients popped and the flavors blended well together with every bite.  The consistency of the sandwich was toasted/baked/paninied (however they made it) perfectly.  It was crusty on the edges but soft and gooey in the middle.  As unsubstantial as I thought it was, I took my time relishing it anyway because the place invited me to just relax and to enjoy the moment.  The head cook/chef perhaps owner even took the time to check on each customer which added to the relaxed and welcoming atmosphere.  Overall, it was a worthwhile snappy decision to choose this place and I'll definitely be back.P.S.Owners of Zookz, give Tara and Guy raises because those two were excellent wait/counter staff.  They were both helpful, engaging and definitely knew what the cafe had to offer.  One last thing, can I get Tara's number?  ;)
4	This place is great for lunch! The sandwiches are made fresh and the sides are delicious.  I ordered a #45 (Very similar to a caprese style sandwich), all the ingredients were put into a pita style bread, it didn't taste like pita, it tasted like bread if that makes sense.  Then the sandwich was pressed and heated. It was very tasty. My only complaint is that it was a little small. I easily finished it, and I rarely finish my food.  They have several sides to choose from, she gave me two so I could try them both. One was the kale salad the other was a chickpea salad... both were super flavorful. In fact, I next time I might see if they will put the chickpea salad in the bread and grill that up! Obviously, I plan on going back =)
5	I took my parents here the other day.  They wanted something that wasn't going to be too heavy.  Zookz was the perfect place.  It's a really cute little shop that's tucked away in Central Phoenix.  We ordered 3 different sandwiches:  #45, 35, and 20.  All three were really, really good!  The sandwiches are like paninis, but they don't look like your average panini.  The outside is really crisp and the ingredients and sauce inside are warm and tasty.  Since there were 3 of us we were able to try all 3 of the side dishes (i.e. potato salad, garbanzo bean salad, and kale salad), which come with a sandwich.  All 3 were really good and we each had a different favorite.The owner of the restaurant is this amazing lady who approached us to ask how we liked everything.  She is very, very proud of her restaurant and has every right to be!  She mentioned that yelp has really helped her, so I wanted to make sure to support her!!
3	I agree with most everything Greg W said, though I don't think they are overpriced as he implied. The sandwich was pretty good, but small. I had the #15-- turkey, dried cranberries, almonds, shredded carrots, and curry sauce. All of the ingredients were really good but still not sure about the bread/wrap. Definitely unique, not offensive in any way, just don't know that I like it as much as regular good old fashioned bread. It's a nice change of pace at least. You also get a side salad or chips. I had the kale salad and it was quite tasty. Service is very friendly and they care about what they do so my review is really a 3.5. Bottom line: good quality food and friendly service but maybe just not my cup of tea.
3	The ingredients and recipes are good, but the delivery needs improvement.I couldn't eat the edges or crust, because it was too hard and hurt my teeth.Also, the sandwiches are fairly small.  I ate two of them and was still hungry.  For roughly $7.00 per sandwich, I would rather go somewhere else.  They are overpriced by $1.00 - 2.00.The people are nice, the place is clean, and the service is fast.Unfortunately, I wasn't too impressed with their product.Oh, yeah, their potato salad was good...
5	Different but great.  The sandwiches, sides are awesome. In a nice plaza with outdoor and indoor seating.  For your health.
5	First time here last weekend and I really enjoyed it. The cashier guy was super friendly and helped us pick a sandwich based on what we like. The owner stepped out, greeted us, and checked in on us as we were enjoying our food. I really liked the fact that the seatings extended indoor to outdoor, really opened up the restaurant and made it a very welcoming atmosphere. I also like the fact that they have a small sink near the soda dispenser so you can conveniently wash your hands without going all the way to the bathroom. On to the food: I got 2 egg frittata sandwich. It was very good. Delicious flaky bread, yummy fresh ingredients. Apparently they get their bread specially made by wildflower bread company. I am totally coming back! And you should definitely try it out. --keep eatin'
5	Tasty and consistently good. Carol and her team are always friendly and remember customers -- a very good way to build a loyal clientele.  The premise for the business in heart warming, and matches the manner by which you are treated.Kale salad is the best...not kidding...probably go by two to three times a week.  Be sure to try the various home made desserts. Taste like your mom made them.Yummy goodness!
5	I've drove by zooks several times and always wanted to go in. Today I finally did and I'm glad I did I had to very picky teenagers with me so not trying zooks before I was a little worried. As we walked in we were greeted by a nice guy behind the counter who explained the zook menu I ordered the #20 and my kids customized their sandwiches they got chips and I got kale salad. We got our drinks and sat down shortly our sandwiches were delivered and they were great pot pie like sandwiches, my picky kids loved them everything at zooks was great we're going back soon!
5	Found this place using the "nearby" feature on the Yelp app and decided to give it a try. The menu is small but varied, the price is awesome ($4.50-$4.75), and the product is delicious. I got a vegetarian breakfast sandwich (#33: two poached eggs, feta cheese, parmesan cheese, fresh spinach) and my boyfriend got the Nutella, peanut butter, banana, almond sandwich. We both happily demolished them immeditately. Both Carol, the owner, and the young guy working the register were pleasant and conversational. Carol seemed to make fast friends with every customer who walked in, making sure to check on them and ask their names. One unusual thing about Zookz is the addition of a small sink at the beverage counter. This is so useful for dumping out leftover ice and liquids and rinsing plastic containers before you place them in the recycle bin next to it. Oh, and they have punch cards! 10th sandwich is free! We will definitely be trying this place again.
4	It was about damn time when I finally went out and tried this sammich shop. Zookz takes a delicious new look at the classic panini, and I couldn't be happier to report that they're friggin' tasty! I had a No 25 filled with ham, fresh tomatoes and avocados, seasoned black beans, shredded cheddar cheese, and housemade chipotle sauce. Already the sammich sounded delicious, but I was given the advice, which I kindly accepted, to add bacon. Everything is apparently better with bacon, and this sandwich was no exception to that rule. With my sandwich I had a side of Zookz's potato salad that was also tasty, and definitely fresh!Friendly staff mixed with delicious and inventive cooking make Zookz a hit in my book, especially for lunch. The only negative I could possibly have is the serving size. If you're a hungry person, they're sandwiches may need to settle a bit before they'll fill you up. That said, don't let that stop you from dropping in! I personally can't wait to go for breakfast!
5	I stumbled upon this place with my boyfriend as we were driving up Central Avenue looking for a place for brunch. It's perfect if you're looking for a relaxing, tasty experience that won't be expensive. They serve sandwiches for breakfast and lunch with fantastic side dishes. My favorite sandwich is the one with ham, brie, apricot jam, and almonds! I have been back multiple times and I have never had something I did not like. The absolute best thing there is the kale salad, which seems crazy I know, but they dress it up so well that the kale is soft and sweet. I could eat multiple bowls of it in one sitting (this coming from someone who despises kale in most settings.) The owner always comes to check on how we liked everything and sometimes brings us the sandwiches when they're ready. They have a nice patio with outdoor seating and the front of the store opens up so everyone can enjoy the morning breeze. Overall this place consistently provides delicious food and awesome service!
4	Was craving sandwiches but wanted something different. Really glad we found this place! Love the decor and the open concept. The restaurant was bright, colorful and friendly. The server was very friendly and provided us with great recommendations. I was curious what their mustard sauce tasted like and before I could ask the owner came out of with a spoon for me to taste. We ordered one breakfast sandwich and one lunch sandwich. Both were delicious but I liked the breakfast one better. Definitely coming back!
5	I forget the number but I got the turkey, avocado, and bacon sandwich and the kale side salad. The sandwich was really good and I loved the salad! I asked for my sandwich w/o tomatoes and it was delivered to me with tomatoes so my husband took it back for me to get it fixed. It wasn't a big deal, I'm a picky eater and used to my food not coming out to me the way I ordered it, plus the food didn't take long to cook. While we waited a woman came out, I think the owner, and apologized and offered dessert to us dessert on the house. She made us this delicious peanut butter, banana and  Nutella sandwich, so good!!Overall, the food was really good but the 5 stars is for the service. I used to work for a well-known foodie deli in Ann Arbor, Mi (Zingerman's), where not only was I taught to appreciate food but also the value and importance of great service. If we made a mistake, we went the extra mile to fix it. Even though I wasn't upset about the mistake, I REALLY appreciate that they went above and beyond to make up for it. This is part of the reason eating at local, small businesses rock!
5	This sandwich shop is amazing. The staff was very nice and the food was extremely good! I recommend getting the Num 35, roast beef, and getting the kale salad for the side.  The owner, who I believe was on the line cooking, made it around to ask how our sandwiches were which I felt made her very open to hear what her customers thought.Their dessert is also amazing! My wife and I shared a Banana, Nutella and Peanut Butter sandwich. This was a great way to finish the meal.
4	Stopped in for breakfast and left a happy camper.  I love toasted breads and the outer crust of this sandwich was cooked/paninied/whatever-they-do perfectly. I really enjoyed the 33 but wish the egg yolk was left a little runny...not sure if that's possible with these sandwiches. I also sampled the 44 but did not like it as much. The egg ratio was way too much and I was hoping to see more crispy bacon. Breakfast prices are reasonable but if lunch portions are the same, then I'd be a bit more hesitant.
5	We got sandwich #25 and it was probably the best sandwich I've ever tasted. The bread, the meat, the cheese... Everything was just perfect! You get a side salad with the sandwich so it's totally worth it. I also ordered a green tea pomegranate which was super refreshing. The service was exceptional. They offered my dog a treat while we were eating out at the patio. The owner, carol, also came out to survey for our opinion. She is a very neat lady and I'm so glad that we found this place.
5	Love this place! Unique little sandwiches with quality ingredients! The best service, not the kind where they pester you, but the kind where they ask if you're enjoying your food and if you've been there before. I like this spot when I'm in uptown Phoenix.
5	Had breakfast here a couple of weeks ago, after a hike, and their sandwiches were delicious. Both my friend and I loved them. And the prices like the service were fantastic. I will definitely be back.
5	I don't want to sound like a broken record but...place is amazing. Order the #25 and chase it with the #55 peanut butter banana masterpiece. The kale salad was excellent and this is coming from one serving of vegetables a week guy. The establishment was immaculate and the staff friendly and efficient. I highly recommend it. Parking is tight so you may have to walk a bit. It will do you good. People should move around more.
2	"Meh, I've experienced better" perfectly describes this place.  In fact, I ditched my plug in grilled cheese maker years ago, maybe they are coming back into fashion, I don't know. Either way, all the sandwiches here are pressed and grilled in a circular fashion.  Not many options for a herbivore either, I think one sandwich, and maybe a sweet nutella version.  Again, totally underwhelming experience.  Won't be coming back....well, ever.Make the trip a few blocks south to Pane Bianco, you won't regret it.
5	This place is a gem! Once you try one of their delicious sandwiches you'll be hooked. I'm not even a big fan of traditional sandwiches, but I LOVE these!! They are toasted warm & crispy on the outside and filled with scrumptious fresh ingredients on the inside. Wow! The flavors blend together so each mouthful is a wonderful combination of flavors and textures - sweet and savory, crunchy and melted goodness.Each sandwich order comes accompanied by a freshly prepared side salad. As with the sandwiches the ingredients are unique. Kale and citrus? Chickpeas and lemon? Potato and black bean? Each is an exceptional and flavorful complement to the sandwiches. You can't go wrong. Try them all!And I have to highlight the cakes which, although given a low profile, are to die for! They are every bit as good as the salads and sandwiches and also handmade. My favorite is the oatmeal cake - moist, not too sweet, bursting with flavor. Yumm! I wish I had a piece right now.Zookz is a real find - unparalleled food, reasonable prices, and a friendly, helpful staff that are as passionate about working there as I am about eating there. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
5	Great prices, great food. Zooks is my go-to spot when I'm hungry and in a hurry in Phoenix around lunchtime. The #20 (for turkey lovers) & #35 (for roast beef type people) are my favorites! I always get the kale salad on the side. Service is very friendly!
4	The employees were incredibly friendly and helpful, even offering a suggestion to my 12 year old daughter who is a bit picky with foods. We had the #35 and #20 and both were delicious! I thought the portion size was right on, especially since it also comes with a side. Sure you could spend a dollar or two less at a fast food drive through but this is is quick, casual dining with high end taste and ingredients. Also, we always love finding a local spot that is family friendly and satisfies our foodie palettes!  Definitely will be coming back to Zookz and recommending to others for both the food quality and excellent service.
5	Delicious sandwiches.  Unique, tasty, flavorful...  #20 & 35 are my favorites.  How do they make those sandwiches so crispy and perfect? If you are downtown, do not pass this place up!  Love it!
5	One of the best "sandwich" shops in all of Phoenix. Its circular design is very unique and traps in all of the goodness inside. They have a wide range of breakfast and lunch zupas to choose from, and their side salads such as the Kale are super good. The owner is super friendly . She truly enjoys what she does, and is often times behind the counter serving her guests. If you haven't tried it out, you should. BTW they also do catering!
5	Love this little place!  Great food, great customer service, and reasonably priced.  Highly recommend trying out this little neighborhood shop!
4	We had the breakfast sandwiches. The chipotle one and the basil spinach one. I liked the basil spinach one the best. The eggs ended up being more hard boiled than I was expecting since the menu described them as poached eggs, overall they were really good! *Be sure to read the cute story on their wall about how they started!
5	Fantastic and fun sandwich shop on Central! The sandwiches are all interesting and delicious and pressed with perfectly crispy edges! I had the #25, Chipotle sauce with avocado, black beans, ham, cheese, and some sort of Pico salsa. It wasn't spicy, but it was delicious. My husband and daughter both loved their sandwiches as well. Aside from great food, the costumer service here is beyond exceptional. I'm hard pressed to think of any place I've been that's more accommodating, helpful, and sincerely good with kids. I love this place and we'll definitely be back!
5	Quick and delicious. Unique take on sandwiches
4	I always see this place when I go to Maizie's and have wanted to stop by. They are strictly breakfast and lunch, close by 3:30. After driving around the other day in circles in the dreaded "Where should we gooooo", I finally took a sharp turn and ended up here. They serve breakfast all day and lunch comes with a side salad. I tried a number 30 (ham with brie, apricot spread, and almond) while the sis had a breakfast hot pocket, I mean sandwich. I opted for the garbanzo bean salad with feta. It was tasty, but I asked for an extra lemon to kick it up a notch. The kale salad also looked pretty tasty. While we were eating, I leaned over and said, "It's like eating an adult Hot Pocket!" She totally agreed. I mean really, you have crispy, hot french bread (almost croissant like), filled with various forms of meat and cheeses, served hot. For both Zookz', a medium drink, my included side salad, plus an extra 10% for checking in, it was less than $14. Not too shabby for lunch in Cen Pho. I definitely want to come back and explore the menu more, especially their frittata breakfast sandwich and whatever one mentioned Nutella.
5	LOVE this place...not only for their food but their excellent customer service which seems to stem from the owner herself. Each time I've been here I've been greeted pleasantly by both the owner and staff. My first visit, the staff was in the middle of changing shifts and my food took a little longer than usual. The owner recognized this without me saying anything and brought a free dessert. She even stopped by up make sure I enjoyed everything. My second visit the store was actually closed, but both the staff and owner were more than willing to still take my order. The owner even wiped our table off before I ate because she noticed the recent storm had blown dust on the table just minutes beforehand. It's service like this that really makes this place shine and coupled with the delicious sandwiches will keep me coming back!
5	Delicious, Fresh, Great Price, Fast Service!Ordered a #3 mixed green salad online for a quick lunch one afternoon and I was pleasantly surprised at how fresh and delicious it tasted.  I was early picking up my order but they had it ready for me.  Was greeted by both the owner (I think she's the owner) and the cashier - great customer service.My expectations for a healthy salad at lunch were not very high, but this was absolutely delicious, had chx breast, black beans, sunflower seeds, corn, and this awesome honey balsamic vinaigrette.  Even though it was simple ingredients, the fact that they were fresh and high-quality made all the difference.  Normally I don't get salads this good without paying over $10 OR making them myself.Highly recommend this place for a delicious lunch and it's super affordable.The sandwiches look amazing....brie and ham for less than $7??!
5	Zookz has been open for about 18 months now... and I am truly upset with myself for not trying it sooner.  On the flip side of that, at least now I have a new regular lunch spot!  The owner Carol was extremely outgoing, friendly, and cordial!  These sandwiches could be described as fancy "hot pockets" on a phyllo-style dough... BUT I don't think that description actually does these sandwiches justice.  I'll just default to Zookz' description as "sandwiches with an edge"...  a very good edge!  And lunch and breakfast sandwiches are served all day long.  The #25 is a glorious combination of ham, turkey, black beans, melted cheese, tomatoes, avocado, and some sort of sauce that I can't recall because I scarfed down the sandwich so quickly!Sooooo good!  Yay!
5	I live in San Franciso and was visiting mom in Phoenix, when two of my mother's friends turned us on to Zookz for sandwiches.  My mother and I have lived all over the world and we really appreciate a good meal and yes, and it takes a little to surprise us -but Zookz did in a very delicious way.   Zookz sandwiches are indeed unique/cutting edge and incredibly flavorful.  We had #30 and #45 - we split them so that we could each try two, additionally, the kale salad was tender and flavorful.  (Despite the amazing nutritional properties of kale, I am only a kale fan if it's tender,  doesn't have a real strong kale flavor and is tasty - this salad met all of those requirements :)) Last but far from least was Zookz chocolate dessert. It was truly an after thought as I really didn't think a "sandwich nook" would have an exceptional dessert in their "to go" refregerated case; however, my mother who has a real sweet tooth insisted on splitting a dessert :)   I am a true chocoholic - very selective - I went in for that first bite with an average expectation and wow!  My mother and I were competing for the finish :)Carol, the owner, came up and introduced herself while we were trying to decide on what to order.  We peppered her with questions on sandwiches as well as Zookz origination, given we just read the history of Zookz on the wall which begged more questions... We found out that Carol too has had the fortunate history of living abroad along with a real passion for baking and cooking.  Prior to starting Zookz, Carol made and distributed a number of her own receipes, including homemade sauces which she incorporates into her sandwiches.  Carol is a true inspiration starting Zookz after the age of 50.  She is an energetic, very attractive businesswoman who has created a unique and delicious sandwich not just to Phoenix but the United States - I have never had anything like it!  I look forward to returning on my next visit,  tasting several more sandwiches along with another chocolate dessert :)!!!
5	Wow! So amazing. Fresh and flavorful sandwiches. Whatever this bread they use, it's out of this world. My wife had number 11 and I had the number 35. We also got the garbanzo bean salad...now garbanzo beans are not something I would buy on a trip to sprouts....but this was SOOO good. The owner (manager? Not sure) came by and made sure we enjoyed our food. She asked if we tried the kale salad and, of course we didn't. My wife knows I hate kale and kale fads...lol...well she made is try it, and I finally found kale I enjoy! It was flavorful and sweet. Very fresh. We will be back as our church is right up the street.
4	I really want to give it a 5 star review but I can't..... Yet.  Stopped in here to try somewhere new and after reading all the reviews I knew it wouldn't disappoint.  I ordered the 45, which had spinach, basil, tomatoes, mozzarella, red peppers and probably something else I forgot.  I also had to try the kale salad.  My first bite was delicious!  Yummy bread, good flavors... A real winner.  Then I took a second bite and realized the inside was still ice cold.  :-(. The big chunk of spinach was super cold and the cheese wasn't melted.  It was sooo disappointing but I still ate it because I was hungry and it didn't taste bad cold.  The kale salad was out of this world!  Sooo yummy!I will definitely be back to try it again and hopefully it will be fully cooked.  Even with the sandwich being cold inside, I still liked it enough that it warrants 4 stars.  The fact the ingredients were fresh and it wasn't frozen spinach helped with the good rating too.  I will try it again soon and update my review to what I'm hoping will be 5 stars!  Seriously... the kale salad is yummy... go try it now!
5	Delicious, unique, and you will be so glad you tried it! Best. Sandwich. Ever. Plus, amazing service!!!!! Thank you Zooks!!!!!
5	Super interesting and delicious spin on a traditional sandwich. They have a lot of unique options, and are always willing to substitute anything. It's made it order so very customizable. Very friendly staff and owner as well. Lots of seating. Free WiFi. Giant window which slides open for great weather days. I've introduced a lot of friends here and got them hooked! The desserts and sides are also really good. Give it a try!
5	We really loved this place. The owner stopped by to talk to us on our first visit. She explained how they worked hard to build their signature sandwich makers and that they work with wildflower bakery for their bread to be made in the shape they need for their sandwiches. I would try any of the sandwiches on the menu - excellent breakfast selections. I had the #25 which was the ham, avocado, black bean, cheese and signature chipotle sauce. DELICIOUS. Plus if you check in with Yelp you get 10% off your order. I can't wait to go back. I highly recommend this place. They have been open for 19 months. Right on the light rail in central phoenix.
5	Best sammies in town...hands down!!
4	Staff is super nice, and the pocket sandwiches are really good -a bit small tho- I LOVE their kale salad: the best in town!
4	Zooks is delicious. They are soo friendly here and love to help you out with suggestions. I definitely recommend trying any of their top sellers (#25 is what i got). The sandwiches are not huge, so if you are big eater...get a salad or another sandwich. One wish I have for for Zooks is that the egg yoke would be runny instead.. That would be AWESOME!
5	Amazing fresh food and service. I came and tried the sandwiches with the garbanzo bean salad. The sandwich was amazing and flavorful with just the right amount of ingredients. I personally did not like the garbanzo beans as much but there are plenty of other choices to choose from.Not only that, but the service was excellent. The staff was very friendly in helping me to decide what to order and struck up a conversation with me while waiting for the food. Even the manager came out to ask how the food was. Highly recommended.
5	Wow...this place is delicious!  I tried the No. 10 with turkey, apples, parmesan and sweet mustard with a side of oranges and kale salad - amazing!  It was fresh, flavorful and healthy...a real hit!
5	Amazing. Another local Phoenix gem.I'll try my best to use words to describe why these sandwiches are brilliant. They are pocket sandwiches cooked up superbly. The fillings are sliced delicately thin and diced just right. The fillings are tenderly nestled between two circular pieces of bread, and the whole thing is cooked so that the bread is toasty brown and the fillings are warm and juicy. The whole thing adds up to a party in your mouth. It's almost like a gourmet grilled cheese, but way more amaze-balls.I had the #20, turkey, bacon, avocado with some amazing magical sauce in it. You get a small salad with any sandwich. I had the kale, nut, mandarin orange salad. As if the sandwich wasn't amazing enough, the salad put me over the edge.On my second visit, I had the roast beef cheddar bacon (#35). Yum yum yum yum yum.The service is great and the place is very cute.I highly recommend Zookz for lunch.
4	Been wanting to come here for a while and finally stopped in earlier this morning. I got the number 20 and it was pretty good. The potato salad on the side was okay, nothing special. Overall it's a nice place, food is good, but I feel like the portions are small.
5	Really tasty sandwiches!  The menu has good options and the sandwich style is different, creative, and delicious.  The restaurant is clean and has a minimalist feel to it.  The service was great and the price of the menu is easy on your wallet.  I got a #22 and I cannot remember a better tasting breakfast sandwich.  My girlfriend is vegetarian and the manager was very accommodating: offering to make her additional items not on the menu.  I wish there were more locations.
5	I ate there 2 weeks ago when I was in town for a diamondbacks game and I have been dreaming of these sandwiches. Come on, its just a panini on round bread, ahh, no, its so much more, that sauce, there has to be something in it. Sweet mustard. Idk but I seriously cant stop craving it. Worth the 2 hour drive, but not quite worth the drive back to Tucson. So so good, hope they expand.
5	Zookz is a fantastic untraditional sandwich and salad restaurant in uptown Phoenix.I have had several of their breakfast & lunch sandwiches and salads from here before and I just keep on coming back for more. This place rocks! The inside is extremely well kept and visually appealing. The staff members are all friendly and are prompt to help you with any questions you may have about the menu. These guys work pretty quickly too in order to get you your food in a timely manner. The menu itself is pretty extensive too. Sometimes I would prefer shops like this to specialize in one type of product but their business model works (and taste) great! So much so that they close pretty early around 3 o'clock on the daily. I have loved all the menu items I have tried here.If you find yourself in uptown for lunch you have to give Zookz a try!
4	Very tasty and original! Need to go back again soon to try some other sandwiches. They should get some decent locally roasted coffee.
5	This place is delicious. The food is incredible. I thought it wasn't going to be very filling, but it was very filling and tasted great.  service was unbeatable and at a fair price. I will definitely be coming back when i am on central for lunch!
3	Number 11...that is all
5	Zookz is a great quick sandwich option for lunch. I have been in the restaurant and also have had their catering at work. I've had the No. 33 Breakfast Sandwich (2 Poached Eggs, feta cheese, parmesan cheese, fresh spinach,tomatoes and fresh basil), and the No. 45 Lunch Sandwich (Fresh Mozzarella, sliced tomatoes, basil and arugula, Zookz Honey Balsamic Vinaigrette)The bread I would describe as a croissant type texture, with a pita pocket shape. It's super yummy, and not as carb-loading as a normal sandwich bun would be. If you are really hungry, I would suggest getting a side salad along with your sandwich. The price point is low, around $5 for the breakfast sandwich, and $7 for lunch.Their catering is great, it came with labeled boxes, a sign that had the description of every sandwich, and 2 large side salads. Really organized, and a quick clean up.If you go into their restaurant, you can get in and out quickly, the food comes out fast.Overall, wonderful, affordable sandwich shop with a little twist! It's definitely a good break from your normal Potbellys, or Jimmy Johns.
5	Very friendly staff, and a good sandwich, with fun side salads to try. They checked on me during my meal and grabbed a napkin for me without my having to ask. Would recommend to anyone in uptown for lunch.
4	Unique sandwich place with good food and great vibe. Friendly atmosphere and great location, right off the metro.
5	Traveling with a coworker who lives more locally, I am super glad I fessed up to being a snob about eating at chain restaurants.  I turned down Subway and broke out my Yelp app!  Zookz was nearby and had good ratings so we checked it out.What a different idea.  It reminds me of Uncrustables in the freezer section of the grocery store but with much more adult and better fillings.  I walked in and saw a picture of the #13 which is poached egg, feta, spinach, tomato.  I didn't even look any further..this looked amazing.  And it was!  I wish I could have tried more!  I do think my coworker could have eaten more but they did have some side options available.  The sandwich was less than $5, I believe.  All options appeared $7 and less.  They also have Coke products...I'm a sucker for a fountain diet Coke.The service was really friendly with someone greeting us immediately, taking our order promptly, and even asking how our meal was and how we heard of Zookz!My only desire is that they open one in Dallas or Plano, Texas!  (:
5	Zookz is the place to go for breakfast and lunch doesn't matter the time it's all so very good! you get a nice yummy sandwich with and edge and a side of your choice. All the side foods are so darn good it's a challenge to pick which one you'd like to eat. there are millions of good things I can say about zookz. I highly recommend this place for sure !!!!
5	After driving by this place many times, I finally made it over for lunch...and I wish I had done it sooner. It was absolutely delicious. The staff was super friendly and the chef/owner herself walks around to make sure all customers are satisfied!
5	I'm craving one right now, getting ready to place my order! Googled to get their phone number and realized I haven't even given them their well-deserved 5 star rating! Workers are always friendly. Owner is always interacting with guests and the sandwiches -the most important part- are awesome! Using my full punch card for one free one today! Yeah!
5	Awesome.  It's different, it's (can be) healthy, it's clean, it's delicious, it's, quick, and it's a great price.Good spot for sure.
5	Food: Sandwiches comes with a salad or bag of chips. I had the Kale salad which was good. - #10: Thinly sliced turkey, slices of green apples, Parmesan cheese, and sweet mustard sauce. Ohhhh, this was so good! My husband and I went halvsies so we can try both sandwiches and I wanted to steal his half! lol. The sandwich is, indeed, unique. It's kind of like a pan fried crispy-soft pita bread. This was my favorite out of the two. - #20: Thinly sliced turkey, bacon, avocado, tomatoes, shredded cheddar cheese, and sweet mustard sauce. This was good as well. It was a little messier to eat because it was stuffed with fillings. It, too, had good flavor. Service: The cashier was really friendly and talkative. I did mention that I found Zookz through Yelp but the waitress failed to mention that if I checked in I would get 10% off. I have a habit of checking in while I'm waiting for my food, in other words, too late. It would have been nice if she said something. The owner stopped by to ask us how we liked our sandwiches. She was really nice and approachable. Final thoughts: My husband doesn't ever compliment food. Everything is okay to him. But he loved Zookz! He said it was one of the best sandwiches he's ever had. If he likes it, it's gotta be good! I can't wait to come back here when I'm in Arizona!
5	No 20 with kale salad $7. Refreshing, yummy and fast. Happy friendly staff. Clean modern atmosphere. I thought it was a pita from the pics but actually actual French bread pressed into a circular panini like press
5	Great place and I can't wait until I come back!I got the #20, a delicious turkey, bacon, avocado, tomato, and cheese concoction alongside the garbanzo bean salad.Service was friendly and efficient. You just walk up to the register and order, and when your order is done, they will bring it out to your table. They have water cups out in the table area and also a public sink where you can wash up without having to go to the bathroom. Parking lot is a little small, but manageable. They have indoor and outdoor seating.
5	My husband and I just had Zookz for the first time. Got the breakfast sandwich and roast beef. Couldn't wait to take a bite so we jumped in on the breakfast one when we got in the car. What a flavor blast!! We live far but we will definitely be back. The owner Carole took time to talk with us and was very sweet. Highly recommended! !
4	Very good and unique. You should try this place, I've never had anything quite like it. It is not so unique or foreign that you should be scared, it is a sandwich after all. It is a little expensive for what you get, but yummy. If you like Roast Beef and Horseradish.. there is a killer sandwich here for you! :D
4	This is my first my time eating here Zookz.An Interesting and tasty twist to the typical sandwich. The potato salad was tasty too.
5	First of all, parking is awful. It was a Saturday at noon and no one was in the place, but there wasn't a space available!  Park on a sidestreet behind the little shopping center and you'll be fine.  Be sure to get the kale salad. Who likes kale? :-P You will after this salad!  It's tiny, but get it instead of chips. We split #35 and 20, roast beef and turkey. Both very unique!  Skip subway or McDonalds for lunch. Try Zookz. Sandwiches are a cross between a grilled cheese, pita pocket and calzone.  Very friendly service.
5	Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Every single item we ate (two different turkey sandwiches, the peanut butter/Nutella/banana sandwich, chickpea salad, and the kale salad) was an absolute delight!  The owner is lovely and what a great story gave birth to the idea and the restaurant.
3	I thought Zooks was alright, but obviously I didn't enjoy it as much as others. The sandwiches were small and the ingredients (while fresh) were so mashed together they were hard to decipher. I couldn't tell if I was tasting a tomato or an avocado, there was just too much going on inside that little round pouch. The kale salad tasted like watery sweet coleslaw and I wouldn't order it again. Overall it was just ok, I made similar sammys in my college dorm with a plug in press I had for years... Service was great and the place was extremely clean.
3	After months of having this place bookmarked I finally went. Me & my coworker ordered a #20 (turkey, bacon, avocado,  tomatoes & cheese, sounds delish I thought) & I got  the kale salad...we got it to go because I work way too far for for my 1hr lunch.I got to my desk and to my surprise they're was no avocado in my sandwich :( & I love avocado!! I thought they just maybe had my order wrong but as I moved on to my other half there was one tiny piece in there.My coworker had the same issue.Also the edges on their sandwiches are really hard. But honestly that's just a nitpicking complaint.So the kale salad was really flavorful if you like greens, their green tea is pretty good. & I give the sandwich I got a 6/10. I'd try this place again but I'll ask for extra avocado even if I have to pay for it. (Which I shouldn't have to since it should be already in there, but whatevs)
5	This is an outstanding lunch spot.The sandwiches don't look too big, but they're actually pretty filling.I got the #20, and it was absolutely delicious.I had a salad on the side, and that was very tasty and super nutritious, too!More than anything else, the service was great.  Both people working the day I came in were incredibly kind and patient, offering solid menu suggestions, but without rushing anyone.I really hope to return soon.  ENJOY!
1	I enjoyed Zookz sandwiches quite a bit.  Their breakfast sandwiches in particular, as I'd pick one up before work.No more.  I learned a dirty little secret.Their bread is delivered and stored outside their back door on the ground.  Yep.  On the ground.  They keep it outside for several hours while they are open and could possibly move it indoors.Aside from the obvious, they're located in the same complex as a large condo building, one that's dog-friendly, and has lots of pets.  So, the next time you have a Zookz sandwich, check to see if there is perhaps a little extra flavor to the bread.Shame on you Zookz.  Change your ways.
5	This is great, fresh and delish.  My only complaint would be that I would love more salads.  I am a wheat free, gluten free person and can't eat the "bread."   I love the kale salad and hope that in the future, they will expand their salad menu.  Love the crew that own and work here.
5	Awesome owner, awesome food, great atmosphere, amazing aura, just a very cool place to grab a quick bite to eat or sit and relax in the funky orange chairs.The "pocket" sandwiches as I like to call it are amazing. I've been here a couple times before and they have these sandwiches dialed in! Brownies/treats are made at home (by the owner) and are very tasty, must try!!Cheers!
5	Exactly what I expected! Sandwiches were perfect, creative, and fresh. Great atmosphere and service. I would eat here weekly if it was closer! Well done ZOOKZ!
5	A girlfriend of mine recommended this place so I decided to stop in and check it out for lunch.  The staff was very friendly the second I walked in the door and I was greeted by a number of their staff.  I had never been before so the employees were helpful and made recommendations based on their personal favorite sandwiches as well as popular orders from other customers.  I selected the #20 without tomatoes and the citrus kale salad as my side.  Both were excellent!  Overall it was a great experience, great food, pleasant staff, very reasonably priced and awesome outdoor patio.  I will definitely be back!
5	What a wonderful find!  Super friendly service that you just don't find anymore. The sandwiches are amazing. Great value for family. We will be back.
5	Absolutely loved it. We came and had a #20 and a salad, so we could try them both. When the salad first came out, it looked small, once I started mixing it, it was quite filling. The bread that the sandwich is made with is so yummy and creative. Love the crust.
5	This place is amazing. The second time I came here the owner told me her story and talked with my friend and me for a while. She also had us try a side that she was working on at the time. It was great to witness such genuine passion. The food: absolutely delicious. Their breakfast and lunch options are incredible. I've tried almost all of them, and have yet to be disappointed. In addition to this, it is always extremely clean. The employees are all pleasant. The prices are extremely reasonable for the quality of food you get.
4	There's definitely a lot to like about Zookz and their unique twist on a sandwich shop.  The prices are great, the service is friendly, the atmosphere is chill, and online ordering is a snap.  I wouldn't call my first visit here a home run, but I can see why so many CenPho folks make this place their lunch staple.I actually decided to venture here after leaving early from work on a Tuesday.  I had read the stellar reviews on Yelp (as well as a glowing recommendation from my sister) and figured I'd give it a go.  Their website makes a point of advertising the online ordering process so I figured I'd play it safe this time and order in advance in case of a big lunch rush.  The online ordering process is quite easy as you just pick your sandwich, choose a pickup time, pay, and done (I understand some folks may have reservations about paying for food in advance but I digress).  I came by around 11:30am to pick up my food.As many have accurately pointed out, parking here is a chore.  In fairness I knew that in advance as I've patronized numerous restaurants and businesses in the area but parking has always been scarce.  Here's a tip, park a block north of Zookz on Pierson Street.  There's usually a decent amount of street parking and I believe the parking lot on the northwest corner of Pierson and Central can be used (though don't quote me on that).  I parked in that parking lot today and had no issues, so there you go.  Or if you take the light rail, the Central & Camelback station is just a couple of blocks away.  The restaurant itself is fairly small, but actually has a great deal more seating than I expected (including a decent amount of outdoor patio seating).  The orange and green color scheme is rather, eh, interesting, though they do keep the restaurant pretty clean.  Maybe I came at the right time, but there was barely anyone there when I got there at 11:30am.  Perhaps the lunch crowd hadn't yet flowed in.  In any event I came up to the counter, my food was ready, they let me pick a salad (I went with potato), and off I went.The sandwiches here are unique in that they're made using an old school stove-top method.  They describe the process on their website, but essentially you get a sandwich that almost looks more like a stuffed pancake.  I got the #20 lunch sandwich (turkey, bacon, avocado, tomatoes, cheddar, and Zookz' own housemate sweet mustard).  Super tasty sandwich and for the most part the unique bread was a good compliment.  My only complaint was that the outer crust of my sandwich was pretty rock hard.  Not sure if thats normal, but it was a slightly unpleasant part of an otherwise pleasant experience.  The potato salad side I got was also pretty tasty.Total price for the sandwich and side salad was $7.  I actually got a $1 off my order as they had a holiday online promo code I could use.  And I believe a Yelp check-in can get you 10% off if you're just a walkup customer.  Good price for a good amount of food.  I didn't feel uncomfortably full, but satisfied.  I'd certainly come back here again for lunch or to try one of their breakfast sandwiches.  I'm not sure they allow it, but it'd be nice to customize my own sandwich with my own choice of ingredients.  I'll investigate that possibility the next time.  Overall, a good choice, Yelpers.  A few kinks to work out before I give it the 5 star treatment, but Carole Meyer's creation shows a lot of promise.
3	Interesting concept for a sandwich. I enjoyed the taste but still find myself to be a sandwich traditionalist so I'm not sure that this is a place that I will frequent. The staff was very nice and the service was quick.  The bread tasted a little sweet, almost like a griddle type of bread.  With everything baked in, I almost feel like I lost the the taste of the individual ingredients.
5	Absolutely fantastic place. We are from out of town and found zookz on yelp.... best decision we made all day! Food is a great price, the staff and owner were extremely helpful, and best of all the sandwiches were DELICIOUS!! We highly recommend #20, #25, and #55 as well as the kale salad. Excellent place to stop for breakfast or lunch! The grilled circle sandwiches "with an edge" are original, unique, and refreshingly full of flavor. The specialty dressings that come are delicious as well. I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone looking for a new place to grab a meal.
5	A friend and I are new to the area and found this place on Yelp!And  WOW! so impressed!We went for lunch time. Pulling into the parking lot, it already had a good vibe. Clean and friendly. There are sliding glass doors that can be open to allow fresh air into the building and a patio to sit at. We didn't know what we wanted to eat because of the different style sandwiches and the owner helped us. She was awesome. Even suggested what to add to my sandwich. While allowing my friend to sample the sauce she was unsure about.A side comes along with the sandwich, and my friend picked chips and I picked the potato salad. The owner insisted we try the salad... and just gave it to us! So Impressed again!!We decided to sit outside on the patio and enjoy the weather. The cashier came out to make sure we were okay as well as the owner.I will definitely come back here again for the great customer service and the amazing food. Thank you so much for the great experience!
2	Very, very over rated!  The only thing that stands out is the service.  If you are the person that raves about a market sandwich from Pane Bianco this is not for you.  Very simple and very average ingredients. My mom has been making sandwiches like this for me my entire life. I think I was expecting similar flair like the sandwiches from Culinary Dropout. Food Guy Out!
5	Flew in from Michigan and yelped for a good breakfast sandwich, this one had the most reviews and now I know why! Absolutely delicious and fresh! Cheese was melted and combination of tomatoes basil and  cream cheese paired really well with the poached egg! Then the bread with an edge, literally. Pockets everything so well. What made this experience even better was that the owner was greeting each table, bussing things that needed to be picked up and delivering food. She came by and talked to us for a couple minutes. Great Experience! When I come back into town I am for sure going back!
5	The service was amazing. I got a sandwich that wasn't up my alley. The owner came out and brought me a new one free of charge! Amazing food and I love the salad instead of chips! Awesome place
3	I finally got a chance to go here today after being teased by that freakin' billboard on central and camelback. Here I go:I walked in and the young man behind the counter was very pleasant and took the time (the time I didn't have) to explain what they're all about. The owner was there too and she was super nice. They kept addressing me by my first name which I thought was really friendly. It made me feel like I was at a friends place. I ended up getting the mozzarella and tomato sandwich that came with a TINY salad. There are a few different salads, I went with the kale one. So when I went back to work, the moment of truth was bestowed upon me and I took my first bite and it was...OKAY! Nothing to rave about honestly which sucked because I wanted to love it. It lacked flavor was just plain bland. The kale salad was too oniony. The prices were decent also.I am all about local support, so I probably will give it another shot. 2nd times the best time, right? (I don't know where that even came from)
5	WOW- I've never tasted anything like it- the method of sandwich-making at Zooks is unique and delicious. They perfectly toast the edges of the bread to encapsulate the ingredients. I got a breakfast sandwich and made my sister get a turkey sandwich so we could trade halves. It's the perfect serving size- not too big; not too small. Also the Coco Loco was a perfect sweet tooth satisfier. Service was great and the owner was very kind!
4	Arguably the most unique sandwich shop in Phoenix. The owner is super nice, and genuinely loves what she does. She is at the restaurant virtually every day helping customers and coming up with yummy new sandwiches for her customers to try out. Give them a try, you will not regret it at all!
5	This place is amazing. Fun and funky twist to what easily can be a regular old boring sandwich. The secret is their bread. It is an old family tradition but similar to a pita. The sandwiches are similar to a panini but with much more pizzazzzzz(snap). Very friendly staff and very affordable. This is a Phoenix must try.
5	So delicious! The four of us got different sandwiches so we could try several then we split 2 dessert sandwiches. Everything we tried was delicious! Their sandwiches are big enough to fill you up but not too big that you can't finish them. If you are really hungry I would grab a dessert sandwich to go with it. The sandwiches are small enough you won't walk out feeling like it was too much. Fair pricing! A sandwich and drink come out to about $7 and dessert ones are less than $5. A must try if you're nearby!
5	This place is fantastic! Wonderful little unique sandwiches bursting with flavor, leaving you feeling very satisfied. Pride of ownership is apparent with such a cool little story about the founders grandmother and her influence on the restaurant. Will definitely be back for breakfast or lunch when I'm in the area.
5	Zookz makes some tasty sandwiches!  The sandwiches are in a tasty bread shell.  I had the no. 20 and the flavor combinations are excellent, and the ingredients tasted fresh.  I also had the black bean/corn salad as a side and it was very tasty and refreshing.  The service was also very good, and the sandwich came out quickly after I ordered.  I would definitely recommend it!
