4	The Burger Company is a smart new contender in an up and coming area of Wesley Heights. They opened Monday April 5th to big crowds, mainly neighbors clamoring for a new restaurant to walk to especially to watch NCAA tourney finals on all their big screens. The space is a big open warehouse space with a sizeable bar.Now to the menu: they focus on burgers (duh blondie), but their mantra is fresh and affordable. We spoke with the owners and he put plainly "If we don't nail a menu item in the next couple days it's off the menu. I only want to have things we excel at."  They really thought through all their menu choices such as choosing to only have a 5oz burger to keep it affordable (which to me is on the small side and you need another menu item). Affordable it is- a plain burger is only $4, and most of their specialty ones are $5 and $6 at most. You can add a patty for $1.50. I would prefer a choice to upgrade to a larger 7 or 8oz patty as a jumbo option- they grind their own meat there, so a thicker patty could offer a more rare option, but I get their mantra and in this economy I don't blame them. The beef was a little more lean than I expected it to be. They also offer a "stuffed" patty option which has American cheese in the middle. Other menu options include a marinated grilled chicken sandwich (I'll try that next time), some funny salads including a "Man Salad", and good wings. I recommend the hot honey BBQ flavor.  Once Pinky's Westside Grill opens across the street I bet they'll have some competition for their good fried pickles. We tried their sweet potato tater tots with cinnamon butter. The owner was undecided if that would remain on the menu. The sweet potato fries are actually waffle fries. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced, so if you want a $12 gourmet burger, go to Liberty. If you want a place you can go in your tattered tshirt to watch the game and not blow a wad of cash, come to the Burger Company. Service was apathetic at best, but hopefully that was opening jitters. The owners seem very open to feedback and were very friendly. I forgot to suggest adding a turkey burger. Every day they'll have a $1.50 draft special and they have an extensive martini/cocktail list for a place like that. Wesley Heights will be glad to have a good neighborhood bar now. They have outdoor seating and plan a winter heated patio on the side as well.I think they'll do just fine. It's so close to uptown and SouthEnd I think it will work well. No website yet, but they are on Facebook and you can find their menu on there.
2	It's very basic. Slotting in with a menu less expensive than Big Bad Burger Daddy's it shows in some places. For example my order of a Buffalo Burger & Coke came in a paper cup & tray. For such a dining experience at The Penguin that's expected. That Charlotte institution's diviness & grit are part of its charm. But Burger Co. has nice wooden tables & chairs, flat panel TVs galore, and obvious effort put into it's decor. For the operational cost cutting to be present in such an obvious way it is an off note.Unfortunately this night they were out of the sweet potato fries ($2.50) & the waitress confirmed their tater tots are frozen in contrast to the freshly ground burgers. So how was it? The Buffalo Burger ($5) of buffalo wing sauce, bleu cheese, celery strips is a novel flavor combination & a differentiator from Burger Co's rivals. They were other such options available on the menu. The burger arrived perfectly hot with a soft warm bun. The meat was good though plain & a nice thickness that isn't skimping nor requiring genetics of an anaconda. Generally Burger Co. is a good tasty meal & a welcome addition to the west end but it doesn't feel much different than stopping at Cook Out on the way home.
3	New place - just starting out.  Bartender was HILARIOUS saturday night - let's just say a bit forgetful - no harm no foul.  They were having problems with the kegs and finally I had to order a bottled bear.  Got the Classic Cheeseburger - it was fine not bad for $4.50.  Next time I want to try the chicago-style hot dog and see if it holds up.  I am not sure if the Man Salad sounds like true genius or just gross...it is a salad that comes with a burger patty on top and fries!  I guess I will also have to try that.....  Really cool atmosphere and nice seating outside...not sure if I would sit outside in this neighborhood but I am sure other diners will be braver than this one...
3	The tots are tops!I came to have a couple of drinks with my friends and took advantage of the awesome tater-tots and drink specials. $2 for Guinness and select drinks. I didn't order a burger so, my review is only half full. Nice area with a T.G.I. Fridays/Warehouse vibe.Hope to go again soon!
2	Not nearly as good as good as Big Daddy's, Counter Burger or the Penguin.  But also much cheaper.  No table service for food; outdoor seating on side of four lane road.  Everything feels a bit cheap but it also shows up in terms of value on the menu and drink list.
3	The atmosphere is relaxed and I like the way they handle service.  You order your own burger at the counter and then they bring it to you at your table of choice, kind of like ordering at McAlister's Deli.  I wish Mac's Speed Shop did it this way.It has a really cool bar area.  Like a lower-key Twisted Spoke if you've been to one in Chicago.  If it were in a slightly different area I'd expect it to be more of a biker bar.  They have a huge parking lot and even a covered bicycle rack which is more considerate than most  places.  And the spanking new juke box looks like it hasn't been put to much use yet.The food is a step up from Burger King in taste.  Twice the cost of fast food but still half the price of a restaurant like Big Daddy's or The Counter.  So for value and atmosphere it's great.  A fine place to score a quick meal and go about the rest of your day.  It's a family burger joint with hot dogs and a kids menu, and a casual sports bar rolled into one.
4	I would give The Burger Company 3.5 stars.  The location itself is a little out of the way on Morehead, but I imagine in 5 years it will be considered a desirable location.  It is right down the street from the Open Kitchen as a point of reference.  There is a large parking lot and I am guessing that will be utilized for other businesses in the refurbished building the restaurant occupies.  Outside there are number of picnic tables and a nice outdoor seating area that faces Morehead.  When you enter there is a bar located at the back of the establishment and a large open room with tables.  At the back of the restaurant there is an area where you go to place your order.  They have three types of service.  The first type of service is you place your order in the back and get a number.  The drinks are self serve and you pick your table and they bring your food out to you.  The second type incorporates the first, but you can have a cocktail waitress to bring you more beers or cocktails during your meals at one of the tables.  The third is you go to the bar and get your food and drinks from the bartender in the usual manner.  On a Thursday night they were about 50 percent full so there was plenty of seating available.  I ordered a Left Coast burger which was stuffed with American cheese has avocado mayo, cucumbers, tomatoes, and jalapenos with coleslaw and a bud light which came 10 dollars.  The food came out with 10 minutes and was pretty solid overall.  The coleslaw was quite fresh and a decent portion, but didn't seem to have a huge amount of seasoning.  My preference toward coleslaw is that a definite decision is made as to its character whether it is sour, creamy or sweet and in this case the coleslaw was straddling the fence.  The burger itself was good.  The stuffed American cheese in the burger added flavor, but was not as messy or overpowering as I thought it might be.  The combination of toppings actually complimented each other quite well.  I think if I lived or worked close by I would probably be a frequent Burger Company Customer due to the causal environment and the combination of competitive prices and decent quality.  It looked to me like the should succeed with a combination of causal happy hour or social gathering and families out to eat in a no pressure environment.
2	Ok. They  "claim" fresh hand ground beef in their patties. Which very well may be true. Thats where the positive stops. Everything else plain out tastes like it came straight out of a can. The chili seems to be filled with chili powder/cayenne to make up for complete lack of flavor. I work right around the corner (walking distance) and unfortunately most of my co-workers agree, sucks I was hoping for a decent place when it opened. Instead of being subjected to Open Kitchen as the only food place in the immediate area.
1	Came on a Sunday after church only to find out they closed early after they had a slow lunch. Strike one.
4	For a vegetarian, you would think that the last place one would go to is a place that proclaims "We grind our meat fresh" on the outside of the front door.  However, The Burger Company has a veggie burger on the menu (as well as grilled cheese) and will make any of their special hamburgers with a veggie burger patty.  The outside patio along Morehead St. has a very good view of the Charlotte skyline.  It's nice sitting out there at night and staring at the downtown buildings.  There is also a picnic area in the entrance area complete with cornhole games.  The building itself is all brick and looks like it might have been a garage at one time and has tall ceilings and the floor plan is completely open.  They have a lot of micro brews in bottles and many on tap.  Service is very good.  You order your food near the kitchen and then sit down to have it delivered to your table.  There are a lot of TVs to watch games on and this place is a popular stopover for Panther's fans on their way to the stadium.  It will fill up here a few hours before home games.  A big plus here for me is the *covered* bike rack that is in the back of the building!  I would give The Burger Company 5 stars if they had a few more vegetarian items.
4	We decided to give The Burger Company a try last night.  Unknowingly, we walked in and seated ourselves since there was no signage.  That's when I noticed the "ORDER HERE" sign above a counter on the other side of the huge room.  We walked over and perused the pretty extensive menu.  I liked that they had a variety of burger (and hot dog and salad) combinations.  Best of all, their prices were VERY reasonable.  We started with $4 fried pickles as an appetizer.  I then ordered the Pimento Cheese Burger (also topped with bacon) and a side of fries.  My partner tried the Slaw Dog and tater tots.  They also had a pint of Bud Light for $1.50 so, hey, why not?Naturally, in NC, you can't get a burger cooked to your liking (just medium well/dry or well/charred).  My burger came out pretty juicy and full of flavor, though, so I was impressed!  It tasted much better than some people's favorite: Five Guys.  The hot dog was just your regular 5-6" red hot dog; it would have been nicer to have a longer or thicker dog, but for about $3, it's affordable enough to order two if you're really hungry.  The fries were a semi-thick cut and mine came out very hot.  Unfortunately, my partner's tater tots were lukewarm, so they could have been better.  We both agreed that the fried pickles were pretty abundant for only $4, superhot/fresh, not-too-salty, and delicious.  Two thumbs up!  (And I don't even like pickles.)All in all, it was a tasty, cheap dining experience.  I loved the atmosphere of the old converted/remodeled warehouse/garage, brick walls, and large windows.  And I could tell that when it's warmer out, sitting outside on the spacious patio that has a fantastic view of the Uptown skyline, would be an exceptional experience as well.  My only recommendation?  Signage at the front door for newcomers that you need to order at the counter and then seat yourselves.p.s. I was intrigued by the "Man Salad" on the menu - a combination of regular salad items plus hamburger...and French fries.  Let your imagination run wild!
3	I've waited an awful long time to visit The Burger Co. - and I'm not sure why? So, here's the deal...In a sea of pretty damn tasty burger joints, The Burger Co. fits right in the middle for me. It's good, but it's not great. The Good: It's a nice looking place on the inside - I'd like to see it filled up before Panthers games, but the Panthers would actually have to be good, first. Other good things...they grind their meat fresh daily - I could tell as my burger wasn't the typical round frozen patty. It was a fresh patty smothered in cheddar cheese with my choice of toppings. For $5, the burger was pretty filling. They have a large variety of burgers, a few, salads, and a nice selection of sides. Staff were extremely friendly and laid back, which works well with this order & deliver concept. Don't expect waiters/waitresses here, but they do have a full bar with some decent drink specials. Nom.The Meh: Your burger doesn't come with a side, which isn't too bad considering the burgers are pretty affordable. I ordered the sweet potato tots, and they were just a little sweet for me. They were off the charts sweet with the coagulated cinnamon sugar butter that came with them. I'll pass on that next time. However, the tots were perfectly cooked and crispy. And while my burger was tasty, it could have used a more flavor or some type of magical schmear on the bun. Overall, it was a good burger - but this place is now in competition with a handful of really great burger joints. Here's hoping they turn out some delicious bites to fend off that fierce competition.
1	One bite of my burger and I was instantly transported to a different world and that world was... Wendy's. Yep, my burger tasted just like Dave Thomas's classic. Except, y'know, round and $5 more than anything at Wendy's.Skip it and go to Pinky's.
3	Modern version if Fuddruckers, but not as good. That's the best way to describe The Burger Co. Not a lot if waiter/waitress ad you order from a counter setting, then grab a ticket to put on your table while you wait for the waitress to bring the food over from the heat lamps. Ordered the pimento cheese burger with onion rings. Burger was good, but the onion rings were overcooked and hard. They do have PBR for $1.50, which is nice. Didn't go that direction though, as I went with soda and got a take home plastic cup like I was at the game...um, ok.
3	The Burger Co. has a nice warehouse-y vibe and onTuesdays, great drink specials--including one of the few bars that serve hard cider. I had a burger stuffed with jalapenos and Fritos, because I'm a nut, and it was pretty darn good. Could've used a bit more seasoning in the meat itself, but for $6? A solid burger. Don't go expecting a spiritual experience, but if you want a cool place to talk trash it fits the bill. My one complaint: their hours. Man, do they close early. I think 9 pm on weekdays and definitey before 11 weekends. I've gone by twice to be greeted by locked doors waaay before traditional closing time.
2	Remember standing in the lunch line at elementary school back in the day?  Lined up around the wall with classmates, some of whom you know, some of whom you hoped wouldn't come near you?  I was recently transported back to those days with my lunch trip to Burger Co., only it was going to take quite a bit more than a pocketful of quarters to pay my bill.What's to love:-Big selection of burgers, some stuffed with cheese, others with a number of toppings both traditional and more inventive (buffalo wing sauce and blue cheese chunks with minced celery??).  Also hot dogs and salads available.-Sides you don't see everywhere.  For example, tater tots both regular and in sweet potato.  -Full bar and big beer selection- both micro and macro brews with a few daily specials.-Cool space, big windows and tall ceilings with some old-school Charlotte theme for the art and signage on the walls.What's to not love:-Burgers are at least $5 and do not include a side at all.-The line gets long.  My co-worker and I waited more than 15 minutes to get to the front of the line.  They have 2 registers but obviously did not feel the need to move worker onto the second machine.  For a lunch rush in the shadow of uptown, this is plain unacceptable.-No wait service.  Your order comes with a number you put on the table.  A couple runners will bring your basket of food out to you.- The lunch line winds around the lone soft drink station.  Since it's self-service I had to ask folks to move just so I could get myself a refill.So I consider a 2-star review kind of harsh, but here's what I can't get over.  For the same money, you can go across the street (Pinky's) or down the road (Big Daddy's) and have about the same food for about the same price BUT you don't have to wait in line.  Nothing at Burger Co. was worth a return to my days of standing in the lunch line.
3	If Big Daddy's and Five Guys had a baby, the Burger Company would be the baby....just not as special. I haven't been to the West Morehead Street area in awhile and was surprised to see all the new buildings/ businesses in the area. They have a parking lot and an gravel lot right beside it. A bit confused walking in there---I wasn't sure if you just sit and order or go up but then I saw around and you order, take a number, sit and they bring it out to you. The place was hopping for a Friday night, really busy with only one register open though so they could definitely use two open to be more efficient. Huge selection of burgers plus you can customize your own. Of course the Stuffed Burger area caught my eye b/c I'm having a burger, I want to go all out and have it be stuffed with Cheddar. I ended up going with the Left Coast Burger which was loaded with cucumbers, avocado, jalapeno and avocado mayo but the bun didn't hold well together so a bit sloppy to eat. All in all, a good burger with fresh fries. And they have sweet potato tots--who knew those even existed!? I will definitely check it out next time. Another thing I am looking forward to with my next visit--crushed ice! I heart crushed ice.A number of drink specials including Jager bombs, beer specials and margaritas for $5 on Friday night. I'm happy they have drink specials since they were a lot of kids present so a drink would be much needed for me. A pretty cheap place for a decent burger with lots of burger concoctions. Citipass friendly as well--two coupons--one for $10 off a $20 purchase, another one for BOGO 50%
3	I thought they had a good burger, and they  toast the bun.  Was a bit dissapointed to see the fries and tater tot's came frozen from a bag.   Fries were tastly, even if not home cut. Even though this is a local comapny, had a very corporate feel to it.
4	There was something holding me back from visiting the Burger Company, I can't quite explain it.  I thumbed through my Citypass coupon book and noticed a coupon.  Hmmmmmmm. well, ok.We walk in, it has an open, industrial feel. Three greetings from servers, you can walk to the counter and order or full service at the bar. You know where I sat.Tuesday $2.25 bottled beers, I ordered a turkey burger add jalapenos.  My turkey burger was DELICIOUS. It was moist and juicy, seasoned perfectly, it was oversized sticking out of my perfectly buttered grilled roll.   I would drive there just to eat the turkey burger again.French Fry Barometer = HOT
3	I've always found this place intriguing and decided to stop in today.  They have tinted glass on the windows, which suggests from the outside that this place is a bar or more formal restaurant. When you walk in, however, you discover instead that it is a well-lit , clean and very casual restaurant (with a low-key bar attached, too). As many before me have noted, you order at the register and then take a seat to wait for your food.  For whatever reason, this ordering system seems perplexing at first (they are obviously trying to cut down on costs by not using servers), but, ultimately, I think it adds to the casualness of the place.  As I was just coming from yoga, I didn't want to unbalance my chakras, so I decided to go for the veggie burger, which interestingly is the ONLY non-meat thing on the menu (weird). I imagine they would sub a veggie or turkey burger for any of their other specialty burgers, but the menu didn't make it clear (I would recommend they put "can substitute veggie or turkey burger" on the bottom of their burger list).  I ended up with just a plain veggie burger and fries to go.  I attacked the fries whilst still in my car.  They were good and came in a LARGE bag, but I really found them to be identical to Wendy's french fries. Wendy's fries are good, of course, but I was expecting something a bit better from this place, so I wasn't blown away. The veggie burger was pretty bland upon first bite, but when I got home, I spiced it up with some light mayo and mustard and then it was pretty good. Not the best veggie burger in the world, so I probably would go for the turkey burger in the future.Final verdict:  I'd definitely go here again (especially if I was doing something in a large group or sports related), but I'm in no rush.
3	Always a hit or miss experience. First few times it was great, but it just gets worse everytime. There's something about the staff that makes you want to hurry up and get out. The burgers are a little pricy for what they actually are, but still usually good. Be sure to request your fries on the side if you're sharing, otherwise they're on one person's tray and all up in the way of the sandwich. Cool thing is if you get a soda, you get to keep your cup.
2	The wait at Pinky's was too long and we were short on time. The Burger Company seemed like a good choice.  Atmosphere, service, menu potential,  wait time - all that stuff was good.  The food was just very "meh".  I went with the basic cheeseburger and a side of tots.  It looked appetizing and the meat was definitely fresh but it just lacked flavor.  Next time we'll just wait for Pinky's or head to Five Guys.
2	I was looking forward to taking a client to this place for a real treat. I had been there once and it was great. Not sure what happened maybe it was a Monday. The burger was cooked beyond recognition and could hardly find the pimento cheese. The tomato and mayo were both missing. My poor customer did not know what to say. His was about as bad as mine. I guess they have decided they don't need to stay in the game since Pinky's is around the corner so they have thrown in the towel. If that burger was 5oz then I am a Shoney's Big Boy.
3	Ok, have to do a slight re-review for The Burger Co. Since my last bad experience I have gone back to Burger Co a couple of times, wanting really badly to like this place. It is just so convenient for a quick work lunch. I have to say it has def improved. I have yet to order the chili since my first visit, ya know because I like my taste buds the way they are. I could burn myself at home with Cayenne if I really wanted to. Some of the best onion rings around, nice big ones, with a perfectly crispy batter. Tots are great, the burgers are kind of hit or miss. Sometimes I get a huge juicy burger, but I have gotten smaller, brickish looking things once or twice.The customer service is amazing. I think thats why I keep coming back. One of the managers is great (didn't catch his name) Very friendly and personable, promoting their new trivia night on Tuesday! All the girls who work there smile and greet you, I've never had even a slightly bad experience with the employees.  I will keep returning for a good burger, and some of my fav onion rings!
3	It is okay. The wait is long and the food is good that is about it. They have cheerwine score! It doesnt get as crowded as other burger joints which is a plus but the waiting man! Nearly 15 minutes for burgers..not so good especially since it was not so crowded. We continue to go because it is close by and thats pretty much it.
4	Probably a 3.5 star place, but when i'm looking at places to go eat, 3 stars don't appeal and i think this place is worth being an option, so gave a 4. i enjoyed my buffalo sauce covered burger. Typically, whenever i order a buffalo sandwich anywhere, i have to request additional buffalo sauce. Not this time. This burger was dripping with buffalo sauce. Messy, yes. Delicious, yes. The simple addition of celery pieces made the burger more than just a patty with sauce. Yes, the sweet potato tots were a great side. Way better than normal tater tots, but not as good as sweet potato fries, in my opinion. They do have a full looking bar and they have daily specials of some sort. One day they had $2.75 drafts. Don't recall when or what all they had, but i remember a beer or two i wouldn't mind next time. However, they do have my favorite crushed ice if you go with the fountain drink. You order at the counter, stick the number on your table and wait for your food then apparently just leave your trash for them to pick up. Does that deserve a tip? Probably a lil something something, but when you prepay and don't carry cash, it gets a whole lot of nothing.
1	1st off. Great food. Kitchen rocks. but everytime i go i have horrible service that ruins it all for me. cmon . on a sunday only the owner and another waitress is working. i sit and the bar because i wanted a few beers. it was a joke. 25 mins waiting for my order to be taken. hands me a glass and tells me the water is over there.. seriously.had 7 people turned away when i was sitting there waiting. 7 people. thats enought to hire another person. finally got my food and it rocked like alwayskitchen rocks. get some service staff that knows what they are doingi think you guys are past the "being new" stage and stop using the excuse of being "understaffed" prolly wont go back again
2	Saw the mixed reviews but thought I would take the family for a burger. First of all I have to say that I was extremely disappointed. I ordered the turkey burger on a whole wheat bun. When I received the burger it was in two pieces, it was not on a whole wheat bun and was about 4-5 oz of meat. I thought I would at least point out to the fact that it wasn't on a whole wheat bun. When I brought it back to the counter and asked, I was told that they didn't have any. Probably should have told me when I ordered....The family wasn't over impressed with anything here. 2 stars for the sweet potato tots. We will not be back. Don't need to keep going back to figure out that they obviously can't do it right.
3	The Burger Company is another on the list of "Best" burger places in Charlotte.  The restaurant has an industrial warehouse kind of vibe, with brick walls and exposed duct work.  I don't think it's a chain, but it look like it could be the first of many, not that that's a bad thing.  You order at a counter and they bring you food to your table.  I ordered the classic cheeseburger with the standard setup of lettuce, tomato, & pickle, along with a side of fries and a side of onion rings.  My food came out pretty quickly.  The burger and rings looked tasty, but the fries looked greasy and limp.  One bite of a fry confirmed it.  Minus one for the soggy fries.  The burger was juicy, but didn't have enough flavor for me.  The rings looked like they were frozen, not fresh made, but they were cooked crispy and had a good flavor anyway.  Don't know if it was a manager or just a guy clearing tables walked past and asked how everything was I mentioned that the fries were soggy.  He looked at them and said they looked bad as well and that he would get me a fresh batch.  He got a fresh basket of fries and brought them back to me.  These fries looked very good.  They were cooked crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  Plus one for getting great tasting fries, so everything balanced out.  Later on the same gentleman came by and grabbed my empty baskets to clear my table and asked if I wanted a to go cup for my drink.  Nice touch for that.  Not the best burger place, but The Burger Company does a good job and the prices are very reasonable.  If I could give  1/2 stars I would give them 3  1/2
4	Tater tot nachos were great, but I like table service better so I'll probably go a block farther to Pinkys next time I have a craving for greasy spoon food.
4	Great neat place.  We came here with friends and had a nice meal we came on a Weds as thye have trivia which to be honest with you I thought it was gonna be annoying but we had a blast participating in it.  They have many different variety of burgers hence the name Burger Co. I got the Meatloaf burger AWESOME!!  They have differnt variety of sides..  One thing that I thought was neat was the sweet potatoe selection they had.  They have Sweet potatoe Fries, and get this..  Tatertots. Sweet potatoe tater tots.  It was different but so good.   I recommend this place if you want burger and fries with a twist. You will not be disspointed! :)
3	a couple of co-workers and i ventured outside of uptown proper for lunch and hit up the Burger Co. today.  it was my first time at the joint, located in the up and coming wesley heights area.even though it is a repurposed old warehouse building, it has a real clean and tidy look to it.  not a whole lot on the walls, save the three or four vintage or made to be vintage looking neons.  i love seeing steel trusses in places like this.  and even though it looked clean, i am always leery of any place where my shoes stick to the floor.we got there just in time to avoid the lunch rush and i imagine that waiting in that line to order could be a tad annoying.  but i imagine that it saves on wait staff?  i don't know, it feels weird tipping someone as i order at a counter.the menu looked interesting with all the amalgam of burger, stuffed burger, and dog combos.  being a touch hungover, i went for the bacon cheeseburger with a side of tots and a coke.  just under ten beans.  the food came out pretty quick and it was an ample portion.  even after smashing it down, i almost had to unhinge my jaw to get a full bite of my burger.  the beef had good consistency and wasn't too fatty and the bacon was just right on the chewy to crunchy scale.  the tots were some of the best plain tots i have had.  really light and not oily at all.as i progressed through the burger, my bottom bun pretty much disintegrated which left me pawing at ingredients instead of a sandwich.  that didn't thrill me, but it wasn't a bad meal.  i might have to return to try the sweet potato tots, but with Pinky's a stone's throw away, it will be tough.
5	Best Burger in town
3	Pros:Great building.  A lot of room and never crowded.  Outside seating and a bar.You get a souvenir plastic cup to take home with you.  Half of my cups are from here. (biggest pro!) ***(I was just informed they no longer do. So scratch that pro and move this review down to 2 stars)***They offer a turkey and veggie burger.Tater tots are yummy!Cons:The burgers are dry (I usually get the veggie burger and have to cover it in ketchup and mustard, and cheese.  No flavor.)  The meat burgers aren't much better.The service is slow and mess your order up more often than not if you don't repeat it to them multiple times.The location isn't near anything convenient besides the apartment I lived in.  I wouldn't make a trip for the food.  Now that I'm not in the area, I won't be going back.The place overall is good, but nothing special, but the best place to go if you're in that area.
2	Unless you have a coupon, give it a try. Not impress with the burger's. Good beer specials. Great for large groups.
4	This place had me at TATOR TOT NACHOS.  YUM!!!  You can walk up to the window to order or sit at the full service bar in front of the TV's.  I definitely went with option 2.  Service was good and quick.  On my second visit I opted for the Man Salad (crisp greens, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, a burger patty, french fries & cheddar cheese) because I knew I'd be stuffed after the TATOR TOT NACHOS.  The burger was cooked perfectly and had a good flavor.  And did I say that I liked the TATOR TOT NACHOS?!?  :)  Haven't dined outside, but I hear they have a high tech misting system for outdoor eating...and I believe it's dog friendly too?!?Glad to see that area of town getting some good restaurant action!
4	I really loved the veggie burger I got here!  I actually heard their veggie burgers weren't that great about a year ago and so never ventured in there, recently I had a coupon and decided to try it!. I think when they first opened they were using veggie patties, but now it seems they are making them.  I was definitely impressed!  Also love the outdoor seating area - it has a great view of uptown.
3	This place is ok.  Definitely not the best burgers in Charlotte, but its a good place to go that usually isn't too crowded. The new outdoor seating area is really nice.  The buffalo burger is good and I like the fact that you can trade out a turkey patty for either burger.If they had better buns, I would probably give them 4 stars.  I think the Harris Teeter brand buns I buy on VIC special taste just as good as theirs...
4	When I first walked in i was so confused then I finally realized that it isn't a standard restaurant but a walk up to the window and order yourself type of place. Then it took me and my wife a couple of minutes to figure out what we wanted to eat. I am going to need to go back a couple of times to eat all of the different types of burgers. I do recommend any type of burger and make sure you choose to stuff it!! Also, before I forget, order the fried pickles and don't bother ordering a side to go with your burger with both the burger and fried pickles you will be set and will be nice and full...All in All, check it out definitely worth it!
3	Good wingsGood daily beer specialsYou'll always have plenty of room because this place is NEVER PACKED (if ur looking for that... go one block WEST to Pinky's.... that's where you'll find some Ex bartenders, waitresses, & patrons)The burgers are OK. Nothing 2 write home about. Plenty of parking (see earlier Pinky's comment) I've tried to go later in night (10:30ish) & the lights were off and doors locked!!!!!! I have friends that live close by and they complain about trying to walk down and grab a bite of food around 11, and that place is closed.I've met the owner or one of them. He seems cool always willing to help (see earlier comments abt Pinky's)------- THE BADTHEY DONT FREE POUR..... I think that's an insult.... In shortGo and enjoy..... !!!!
3	The bf and I have gone here a number of times and have only tried the turkey burgers. They are pretty good. Nothing I crave on a regular, but satisfies hunger. Like other reviews, it is a bit pricey for what you get. Everything is a la carte. The sweet potato tots are very good and the brown sugar sauce is great. By the way, I have noticed that Harris Teeter is carrying the sweet potato tots, so you could  save yourself a few bucks.  We think we will continue to seek that great burger joint.
4	A great burger! Was downtown earlier today to do a little shopping. Pleasently surprised! I snuck a bite of my wife's turkey burger with a thumbs up. It was juicy, which is hard to do; i have tried. My burger was good and I didn't leave wishing I had more to eat. Good stuff.
4	I had a chance to go here on Saturday for lunch.  I arrived at noon and wasn't quite sure if I should seat myself as there wasn't a hostess stand or anything near the door.  It wasn't until a gigantic signed that read "Order Here" caught my eye that I realized that there was no hostess and that you go up to the front counter and place your order there.  I am not gonna lie, it took me about 5 minutes to digest the entire menu and all the available options before I was able to go up to the friendly lady behind the counter and place my order.  Food:  I ordered the Build Your Own Stuffed Burger with grilled onions, bacon, mushrooms, and avocado, something deep inside of me also told me to add BBQ sauce, so I did, and it was the perfect compliment (see pics).  The burger tasted extremely fresh as did the avocado and onions.  I agree with a previous reviewer that stated the actual meat could've used a bit more seasoning.  But otherwise the burger was perfect and cooked to perfection.  It wasn't overcooked or dry at all.  The bacon also added nice crunch, texture and taste.  Oh, and let me not forget the cheddar cheese that slowly oozes out of the burger the second you bite into it - ECSTASY!Facility:  I wish I could use a word other than "warehouse", but that's exactly the vibe you get when you walk in.  Its very open and well lit with plenty of natural lighting.  They have a good amount of screens, though they could def have had more.Staff:  When we walked in, my gf and I were greeted by a friendly staff.  Our food was brought to us exactly as we ordered it.  A friendly lady also came and cleared our table once we were done with our burgers. Price:  My gf and I ordered two Build Your Own Stuffed Burgers, fries and a coke, it came to around $18 or so.  Certainly not cheap, but not overpriced by any means, especially when you consider you are getting a fresh, stuffed burger with fresh ingredients, and they certainly have cheaper options on their menu as well.  All in all, this place works on every level.  I'm a fan, and I can't wait to go back!
3	Just to piggy back (Trey S.)It looks that way (Warehouse) because up until the time they opened it was a car shop. I know a car wash around the corner (Freedom & Morehead) that used to detail thier cars... Actually it was a Car Shop, African bodega, and Chinese bodega (right beside each other).Now only leaving the last "store front" to the right (Looking at the BC from Morehead) open for the next venture. The way it looks (all the way down to the Parking Lot) now is 180 degrees different from say 3-5 years ago.
2	Burgers were OK.  Not as good as some other places around .. if you are looking good satisfying Burger look to other options.
2	The Beef Hot Dog was the best thing but it was to salty. The burgers really didn't have much flavor and wasn't big enough for the buns. The buns were really good as they were buttered and grilled perfectly. Very busy during weekday lunch. almost impossible to find a place to sit. Wasn't worth the trouble to us.
3	The service was very friendly and we got our orders quite fast.The food was decent. I had the meatloaf burger and my friend the Carolina burger. We both had tater tots, and while he thought they were overdone I enjoyed the crispiness. The place had almost all of its tables occupied, so they seem to do a good business.This was our first visit and would return.
4	I live right near this place and have never went in because the reviews have been less than stellar. Let me say, I was an idiot.  They make an awesome burger because they GROUND THEIR OWN MEAT!  Finally, I can get my burger cooked Medium or Medium rare.  FLavorville has returned to my mouth.  I hate having to order a burger and not be able to get it under medium well ughh.  There is a bunch of toppings to chose from and daily drink specials.  For a beer and a burger it will probably costs you about $9.  I will definitely return anytime I have a craving for a burger. Also, they are opening a location in the LKN/cornelius area. Next to try, their stuffed burgers.
4	Finally made it out to this place last Saturday for a quick pit stop and to kill some time.  I really wish I could have stayed longer!  First off, Bell's Two Hearted Ale on tap....I was sold right then and there.Beyond that, it's a cool spot.  You order your food at the register, grab a number and they bring it out.  I will say that if you want more beer you have to go inside and serve yourself basically.  Not a huge deal for me.The food was fantastic, mostly bar grub, but the tots were great and the hot dog was just fantastic!  Great place for kiddo's too!
4	Did return and the stuffed burger was great. The tater tots were great as well.
2	We picked up a LivingSocial coupon for TBC, and decided to head there for a Sunday lunch. The place is in an old warehouse, which has a cool kind of vibe to it. You walk up and order, and the lady at the counter seemed genuinely uninterested in her job, and gave off a pretty bad vibe to start. I ordered the Pesto Burger and my dad ordered the Buffalo Burger. She asked my dad "Mild or hot" and my dad said "Somewhere in the middle" and she gave him this kind of are you kidding me stare. Bad start. We also got onion rings and fries with drinks, and it came out to be about $21 (10 with the coupon).The food came out quickly, and I took a bite of my burger. The first thing I noticed was the bad bun. It's like a simple white bun that is...mealy. Not good. The patty was pretty good, and the little pesto sauce it had was good as well. The cheese was all right. Next I had a french fry...oh my, these were worse than any place I've been to in awhile. They were...mealy again, just not good. Ugh. Onion rings were good. My dad said his was okay, but didn't like the crunch associated with the celery on the burger.Overall, I wouldn't come back here. Bad Daddy's is a much better alternative. I would keep away if I were you unless I lived right in the area.
4	I told my boyfriend about this place and we decided to give it a try. I told him I wanted a good burger. So we went here to try it out.I'm glad we did because the burgers were great! They had all types of choices to choose from and you could also get a stuffed burger with cheese. I decided to go with the Meatloaf Burger. My boyfriend got a Make Your Own Stuffed Burger. My burger was seasoned very well and cooked to my perfection. The burgers tasted like they were taken off the grill from a cookout, but wayyyy better. My boyfriend let me get a bite of his Stuffed Burger with cheese, and it was great. We got some of their fried pickles to taste and they were good as well. Not the best I have had, but decent. You have to get fries or tots on the side as an extra cost. Which was about $1.50. I got the tots and you could get sweet potato tots or fries as well which was pretty cool. Overall this place has great burgers and I would definitely go back.
4	Ate here last Thursday with a co-worker and sat at the bar.  We both ordered the west coast burger to try something different.  The cucumbers were cut rather large but overall the burger was very good and the tater tots were also good.  They always have good food.
3	I stopped by Burger Company yesterday with a Living Social that was given to me as a gift.  I usually go to Pinky's, but I'll go anywhere I get a free gift certificate.  We sat at the bar because we wanted to grab some drinks and watch a game.  The walk up counter is kind of confusing.  This seems like a place that should have full service.  They did have very good drink specials.  I got a Bell's Two Hearted for $3.50 and I believe the domestic tall boys were $2.  We started with the tater tot nachos.  They were good, but I've had a better take on potatoes smothered with chili and cheese before.  As for the burgers, I got the meatloaf burger and my girlfriend got the turkey burger.  The turkey burger was dry and tasteless, but I think ALL turkey burgers are like that so that's not really a knock on them.  My meatloaf burger had really great flavor and the meat was juicy.  It was topped with caramelized onions, cheese, BBQ sauce and a tangy mustard.  The bartender recommended it and I'm glad I took his advice.  The weird thing though was the patty was falling apart while I was eating it.  It wasn't that big of a deal, burger was still delicious.  The bartender was cool, very personable.  Overall, good experience, but we'll probably still be going to Pinky's when in the area.
1	The first thing that greets you when you walk in is FOX news. That's enough said. When we got to the register the cashier DIDN'T greet us and asked for our order 3 times because she kept forgetting. Nothing beats 3 Guys burgers.
1	This place has gone down.  It was never spectacular but it was a good place for a burger.  The staff is indifferent about service.  Even though they have a number system to let waitstaff know where to bring food my burger went to another table. The person opened my burger and told the waitress it wasn't their burger.  Then she brought it to me. After some strange person touched the food, she still wanted to give it to me.  As she gave it to me she told me it was my burger with no lettuce.  Not only was there lettuce on the burger it was mixed in with the fries.  She rolled her eyes and huffed as I told her there was no lettuce.    The food in general was less than ok.  Burger and fries were cold.  In fact the fries were not cooked all the way.  I needed another napkin and got up to get one. There were only 2 dispenser, one on each end of the place. A waitress fussed at me for getting my napkin.  Apparently the one I used was for employee's only.  With some good competition around them their standards are not enough.
5	It's a bar with great burgers!  Love this place and eat there..... probably too often for lunch.If you walk in at the lunch-rush do not be disturbed by the line..... it'll be long!  But it also moves quickly.  Service is fast and great.  Generally, by the time I put my order in, get a drink and sit down my burger is delivered within a minute or two.The burgers are terrific and they have some of the the best onion rings around.  Fries are great too.It can be a bit pricey though..... burger, side, and drink will run you about $10.  Is it worth it..... meh, borderline but I enjoy it enough.
3	I like the idea of The Burger Company - but I wasn't really impressed with the burger. If you're going to build a whole restaurant around a particular item, you need to do it well, and they just fell down.Now if I had this burger somewhere else, I probably would have rated them a little higher. I really like the various options. The space is pretty cool as well. I especially liked that you have lots of places to park, as opposed to Pinky's across the street.Staff was helpful too, which gives a nice boost when you have a lot of options. There were a couple of downsides - the menu can get a little challenging to navigate, because some items don't go with others (such as stuffed burgers - you only get one choice for what you get). And the burgers themselves just aren't that great. Cooked so much so that lots of the flavor is lost.
2	Meh is right. After a few visits here i'm totally coooo with not coming back. This place is nothing to get excited about. Id say it's overpriced for what you get and what you get isn't even that good. Ive had a stuffed burger or 2- both not memorable, the sweet potato tots- soaked in oil when i got them to-go, a pimento cheese grilled cheese- again meh and fries-those were just cold and hard. I think this place fully embodies the word "Meh". Save yourself the disappointment and just go across the street to Pinkys.
3	I like Burger Company. I go to Law School down the street (and because of Burger Company's proximity to campus and because there aren't a ton of options nearby), I'm no stranger to it. In fact, I can honestly say that my first year I probably went to Burger Company (AT LEAST) once a week, and usually more than that. What I like about it: They're fast. Your meal gets to you quickly, even on a busy day. The food options are really good too. I've tried a number of different burgers, the chicken sandwich, the wings, appetizers, salads, and I've never been disappointed with the flavor. And unlike some of the other reviews that I've read, I don't really consider their burgers to be pricey. The bar is pretty cool too. They have some nice drink specials and a pretty good selection. The waitstaff is always very friendly.Not to be picky, but the one thing that I noticed is that when my classmates and I have gone, on a number of occasions our tater tots have been cold and once even (almost) frozen. And sometimes when it gets busy a burger will be missing something important like chili (which happened a couple of times as well). It's just that attention to detail that is keeping me from giving it a 4 or 5 star rating, but it's close. I would give it a 3.5+ if I had the option.But overall I would definitely come back here again and again even if it wasn't right down the road from school. Overall the food is really tasty here.
1	very dissapointed in this resturant.  the first time I went there I ordered a blue moon,  when I inquired about the orange slice, they brought me aglass of orange juice.   Ive gone back several times because friends that live in the neighborhood like to patronize this establishment.I attended the wilmore street festival a couple weeks ago, and all the resturants sold food, in booths. guess who ran out burger and company and the event was in their parking lot.  imagine that, others like open kitchen and pinkys set up temp kitchens in tents and the food flowed. its like they dont make the extra effort needed intodays business climate.  Last night I was invited to a birthday party there,  the party had been arranged with several meeting in person with the owner,  when the party planner showed up to start preperations she was met by the new manager and said we know nothing of your party or the fact there was a dj,  she did however know about the large food order that had been placed.  The party started and it was a very mild crowd of mainly older people who danced some, and just wanted to be with family and friends.  the bar service was teribbly slow, and finally the manager on duty very rudly shut the party down.  no effort was made on her behalf to make the event a sucess, it was already a very lucrative event for burger and company otherwise they would have been empty yet again on a sat night.  As I walked out the door,  and closed out my bar tab, that was the last one I will ever have in that establishemnt.  I will take my money elsewhere,  I felt like is was 1950 again in the way my african american friend were treated.  I was embarrassed to be white.You need to look at the new mgr you just hired as she has cost you a ton of business in her first week. as I know of atleast 30 of your regular customers will not enter your doors again..
1	Needless to say I am sorry I spent my money there that night, but it will never happen again because I will not step foot in there again.Terrible food ( Pinky's right up the street has MUCH better food ) Terrible service ( inattentive and rude )Horrible managementIf anyone asks about this establishment I will make sure I point them to Pinky's and I will make sure all of my foodie friends know the plethora of great places to get a burger on Montford when their Woodlawn location signage is first erected.Waste of money.........Btw those who say they have great burgers on the reviews obviously haven't been to Brooks ( Charlotte mainsta...y the burger equivalent to Price's Chicken coop ) , the Liberty some of the best high end burger ever ( Google' em see the accolades ) or Zack's.
4	I had the stuffed BC burger...stuffed with cheddar cheese..topped with chili, onions, and cole slaw..the sweet potato tater tots are great and fried pickle chips are the perfect appetizer...they even shuttle you to all Bank of America Stadium and let you park at their restaurant for free..
4	This place is amazing! The beef is ground fresh on site. I even saw them bread and fry their own unfrozen chicken tenders.  They also have tater tots and sweet potato fries. Service is fast and makes for a good lunch spot.
4	I really truly like the burgers here.Food experience:  great mushroom burger - juicy and big, and delicious sweet potato fries that is crispy.Venue: spiffy. It is very spacious and airy, that has that loft feel. Although it is a bit dim and could use a lot more lighting in some areas.Service: once you have made your order, you are left to get your own drink and pick up your food once it's ready. This, I do not mind.My husband will say that I am a creature of habit when it comes to food. Burgers, you cannot even get me in the mood for. I just happened to suck it up and went here - but was pleased with the burger of choice. Def would come back here :)
4	After hearing much about The Burger Company, it was high on our radar to eventually check out. With not much time spent in the Freemore area on Sundays, usually due to the heavy traffic for Panthers games, we decided to brave the crowds. We were delighted to find a parking space right in front, a rather open seating arrangement, and only a few people there pre-game. We walked right up, placed our order, and grabbed a comfy half booth on the wall. I decided on the stuffed burger Buffalo style. It was great. I'm not one to go for beef, but this sounded too good to pass up. The burger was stuffed with cheese (of which variety I'm not certain), topped with buffalo sauce and celery and a side of tots. It was awesome. The burger wasn't massive, easy to handle and was perfectly messy. I was in love. The tots on the side....just textbook perfect. Crunchy, crunchy, crunchy and the right amount of soft interior that your palate beckons for. The sweet potato tots....not so much. I'm not typically a fan, but these were a little lackluster. The service was a bit odd, too. Lots of people standing around and it did take a little while for our food to arrive. However, I say it was worth the wait. The entire menu didn't look all that impressive or unique, but I think I hit the money spot with the stuffed burger. Plus, I'm a sucker for buffalo sauce. The space is rad. Very open, but with far too many televisions for my liking. Great for a gather, game day, etc. Also, they have two killer patios. Hello, summer. I can say I'd be back, but not sure I could say I'd venture outside of my previous order.
3	This was my first time here.I was impressed with the atmosphere and the location, and the food was just alright for me.The black bean burger was ok and sorta small for it being a burger joint. I also got a side of fries and let me tell you, YOU GET A SIDE OF FRIES. The portion was huge. I couldn't never had finished in one sitting. For the price, I couldn't complain. I also split an appetizer of Tater Tot Nachos. They worth trying, very interesting concept. I will most likely go back and try something new and hopefully have a better food experience then this one.
4	I keep on thinking this place is called "Good Burger".  "Welcome to Good Burger, Home of the Good Burger, may I take your order?" :)  Probably because the burgers are pretty darn good.  I recommend the stuffed burgers.  They were juicy and sloppy and delicious.  I can't think up combinations to save my life (Subway gives me anxiety), so I just chose from their pre-decided combos instead of building my own.  Mine had cucumbers and some sort of avocado spread.   Get the sweet potato tots for a side.  The fries and regular tots were nothing special.
5	I absolutely love their burgers. The burgers here are delicious! I especially like the bacon cheese burger, I always get american & cheddar cheese added to mine. The burgers are seasoned perfectly. You can even get a burger stuffed if you like and they have several things to choice from as far as the stuffing, jalepenos, grilled onions, bacon, cheese, etc. My boyfriend doesnt eat pork or red meat so he orders their turkey burger and it is good also, seasoned to perfection. Ive also tried their grilled chicken sandwich and its pretty tasty too. We go here for lunch and if its nice outside we sit on the patio which is very nice. But to really top it all off I love the fact that they serve tator tots! The  customer service here is awesome, they always offer suggestions if you have a problem deciding what you want since there is so much to choose from.
2	Amazing drink prices especially noted is the $5 Patron. However the food is horrible. The burger meat has made me horribly sick. I still come here for the bar though. Great day drinking spot.
4	Ate here one afternoon after having to leave another  burger joint across the st because of bad service.There is really nothing special about this place that sets them apart. Burgers were just standard, nothing to hoot and holler about. Fries had been sitting a while ( what's up with lukewarm fries these days!... stop dropping so many at one time maybe) They get 4 stars because of great customer service and management... manager came by after our complaint of the fries...Atmosphere also was nice. We sat outside on one of their 2 patios.If your in the neighborhood and want a good burger, go to cookout, but if you want to full package, The Burger Company will get the job done!
5	I was here with a friend of mine ate the chicken burger I had it with the avocado mayo and also cheese... We also have sweet potato fries & regular French French fries....I was trying to be health conscious ...but we had to try the fried pickles as an appetizer.... overall the food was excellent. The next time I go I will try the beef burgers.
1	Not family friendly, the food is mediocre but our waitress was great. She needs a new job! Its too bad the management doesn't focus on the food. The queso is heated velveeta, the hamburger buns a day away from stale & ok burgers. Additionally smokers allowed to blow smoke in your face if you sit on the patio- horrible experience.
3	Loved the atmosphere. Didn't like that the servers got angry when you get up to get a napkin or a to go box. It's not the customers fault the waitresses or waiters aren't attentive
4	Super good burgers with lots of topping choices, worth the trip for us (12+miles away) if your around that part of town and wanna great burger and some craft beer (full bar BTW) you should stop by. Also their tater tot nachos are so beyond good!
4	The Burger Company is a great spot to go on Sunday's to watch football.  They have plenty of TV's, a good beer selection, and they have a menu that makes you want to come back and try everything.  I had the tater tot nachos and a burger with bacon and bleu cheese.  Both were great, I would like to go back and try the wings and their stuffed burgers.  The service was slightly questionable because I wasn't sure if it was table service or fast-casual dining.  Regardless, I enjoyed the food and will be back.
1	Wish I could give this place a review based on the food but I couldn't even get that far. After stopping in for lunch my first time today at Burger Co, a server took our drink orders, dropped them off then never came back to take our food order. My bf and I left after waiting 10-15 minutes. I don't really have a desire to go back after today.
4	Delicious burgers! The sweet potato tots are awesome. The place has your typical burger place atmosphere and is a nice pick for game day. If it's a burger you're craving thus is a good choice.
4	First time here event though it's right down the street from work. Really good. The line was long when we arrived but it loves really fast. Everything now is fast casual style where you order at the counter, get your drink and sit down. I had the Freemore stuffed burger and it was awesome. BBQ sauce a little heavy but the bacon and onion ring on it was great. I got the sweet potato tater tots and loves them and the cinnamon butter. Delish.
1	I have been a fan of The Burger Company for a couple of years. But they really need to decide if they are a sit down restaurant or walk up and order location. Because there service has gone down hill. Tonight was likely my last visit after having my burger come out not as ordered. I waited 5 mins for my server to come back by. I tried to get her attention to no avail. Then after the person I was with was half finished. I decided to go ahead and eat it as it was. A few mins later she finally comes back to ask how we wanted the check. She was not concerned that either of our drinks were completely empty. I thought maybe she is bring us more tea. Nope she just came back with my card and never offered me a refill. ( this server only had 2 other tables). There are too many options for good burgers to deal with the prices and service that has gone downhill. Sadly I will be going to bad daddy's or pinkys next time.
4	I had the black bean burger and was delighted. Not dry, juicy, and decent size. I did order onion rings with it. The onion rings had the batter which was light, but it kept falling off. Not too impressed with the onion rings. Added Swiss cheese to the burger which was melted perfectly. Overall, good place, and better atmosphere!
5	One of my favorite lunch spots! Fast food without the fast food taste or stomach disasters. I always build my own burger and get tater tots! They have a bar and an outdoor area. & yes you can bring the kiddies. Great staff and quick service!
4	A regular burger-rama! Great burger menu with beef alternatives (turkey/veggie). Tube steak (hot dogs) also available. Great, fresh sides and great drinks. Always great specials and great for families and adults. Easy parking by the front door.
3	PROS: the food was good (even though my order was wrong) and very hot. Great flavor. Friendly staff. Good relaxed environment. CONS: the wait was horrible, over 30 minutes. The wait for the food was very long as well. They got my order wrong, but by the time it came out it was too late to send it back. Had the wait been less and my order been correct, I think I would have gone at least four stars.
2	It's sad whenever a place goes "downhill" instead of up. We came here for a quick lunch yesterday (Sunday). We were seated by one of the waitress (which is confusing, because we used to sit ourselves and order up at the counter). We placed our order of 2 burgers (one plain, one BYO with swiss, bacon, grilled onions and mushrooms) and 1 side of fries immediately. 15 minutes and counting later we still didn't have any food. The place had a few tables but surely wasn't packed. AND it's only 2 burgers. That's pretty much the only thing they serve and how long could it possibly take?! When the food finally arrived, it's disappointingly overcooked, bland and small. The burger patties were crisp on the outside and quite dry and tasteless on the inside (but not in a good way, like smashburger way). They have shrinked so much the buns overwhelmed the meat. Speaking of the buns, they were plain; they didn't even put it on the grill or through a toaster. The "best" part: my BYO burger only came with 3 out of the 4 toppings I requested. If it took them 20 minutes to fix a burger, it should be perfect.We have decided at this point we'll likely never be back. $6.75 for a dry burger that took 20 minutes yet still missing a topping is probably a "bargain" I can skip. However, I do give credit where credit is due. When I informed the waitress that my grilled onions were MIA, she addressed to the manager who offered a free dessert. Granted I think they should have discounted or comped my burger, but at least he tried. And the fries were good.Good luck to The Burger Company, I hope you step up the game because at this rate the future is not looking good for you.
5	Been looking for a good burger joint in the Queen City and I've heard this place was pretty good. Tried it on a weekday around noon, expecting it to be packed and it wasn't - I walked right up and ordered. I got a turkey burger with grilled onions and tots. I'm a plain jane type of burger person, but hey, if a burgers not good plain, it's not good, in my opinion. The turkey tasted like beef, which I like because I can tell myself I made a healthy choice and its just as good. The burger itself was messy and hot, and had a pepper-y taste to it. The cheese was melted, the onions caramelized and a fluffy bun. The tots were crispy and salty, and they gave me a pretty big serving of them. The whole meal was heavenly. Great place if you're craving a burger. They have a ton of options and some special burgers too.
2	Burger was dry, like could hardly get it chewed.  Fries were rather good but my tater tots were mushy and bland. For the price, not up to par.
