4	OK - the food is incredible.  All organic.  Most  of the stuff is from local farms.  You can tell that the chef and staff clearly care about what they are serving.  My one cavaet is that when I'm spending this much on a meal, I always feel too much pressure to enjoy it.
5	Hottest servers ever.  Yowsah.
5	Another of my top 5 Madison favorites.  I love the local food concept, the first time I ate here was for a frat formal when I was a dewy eyed freshman.  The $120 tab between my date and I cemented what I already knew - I need to make a LOT of money someday so I can eat at places like this regularly.  They have a crumb scraper....it's all about the small things.  Perfect sized protions and no need for a to-go box....don't you dare.  Don't skip dessert...the creme brulee is wonderful.  My next goal is to sign up for one of their fancy 7 course dinners with wine pairings.  5 big stars!!!
5	while i was pleased with the variety of wines available at harvest, i was even more impressed with the waitstaff's knowledge of wine/food pairings. the recommended museum reserva tempranillo was delicious! the food was obviously fresh and delicious, and the waitstaff is conscious of serving each course in good time. there's no pressure to finish quickly, allowing guests to savor the flavor. definitely can't wait to go again.
5	If you want THE BEST cuisine made with the absolute freshest ingredients, and the perfect paired wine to delect your experience, this is it.I am in love with Harvest, mainly because the quintessential collection of what's good in a restaurant in my opinion.  Perfect portion size.  Flavor to die for.  Not a lot of options, but rather the BEST of the season.  Some may want the ten thousand choices, but believe me, everytime you go to Harvest you WILL find something different in the menu (well.. at least if you're a lowly graduate student like me who can't afford to go to Harvest every week).  When you have GOURMET vegetarian food in your menu, that's A-OK in my book.Actually I LOVE to be able to say I can't recommend something, 'cause most likely by the time you go, it won't be there.What I do recommend is to check out their website and check for their "speciality" days.. They're SO WORTH IT.Seriously by far the BEST restaurant in town.
3	Not sure if this place is worth the hype that surrounded it.  While in Madison this week- I had a chance to experience what everyone told me was the "best restaurant in the city".  In my opinion- it was good, not great and the service needs work.Harvest has a great location right across from the Capitol within walking distance of the downtown hotels.  It's store front simplicity must surprise a lot of people as the night we were there- there were no less than 5 tables that got seated, looked at the menu, apologized and then walked out.  It's my belief that the name "Harvest" makes people think its some type of an organic sandwich shop when instead it is a white table cloth dining experience with a menu that includes a 6 course "tasting" paired with wines or a more traditional menu.The food is good.  The chef sent out a "muse" of lettuce soup.  Yep- I said lettuce and that is what is tasted like.  Wasn't crazy about it, but half the fun of eating out is trying new things.  We ordered a variety of first courses from the tuna tartar (very good) to the duck prosciutto (good) to the Caesar wrap (not so good, yet it was the server's recommendation- very strange)  The Caesar wrap was like  small bits of rolled pastry around lettuce served with an anchovy on top and some sauce.  Not the best thing on the menu.The main courses were very good.  We had the halibut, the hamachi (covered in foam and served with fava beans) and the crawfish lasagna made with spinach noodles.  For dessert we split the berry crumble (very sour) but good.As for the service- it was nonexistent.  In fact- I might suggest that our server get a new career for herself.  She was unpersonable, didn't know the menu and seemed to always be a beat off.  We got more help from the busgirl who seemed very eager to help us out.  Very strange for a restaurant of that caliber.Reasonably priced (at least by Chicago standards) the 6 course tasting menu was only $55 and the accompanying wines were another $25.  On the regular menu, the average entree was about $25.So, bottom line?  It was good food, served in a very nice downtown location.  As for the service- if they get that right- I might give it another star.
3	Someone else paid, so I shouldn't complain...but I won't let that stop me. Harvest is one of those places with tiny silly portions that comes on a plate squiggled with butternut-rosemary-goat teat-pear seed reduction. Perhaps I am a complete plebeian Midwesterner, but after 3 courses, I left not full  and unimpressed with the food.The food was interesting. It was complex. It was intellectual. It was edgy. It was NOT yummy. From appetizer to main course to dessert, there is nothing I tasted that I would ever care to have again. It's sort of like if you're dating some pretentious film student who makes you sit through all these gems of Swedish cinema, and you're thinking, "People do not watch these movies unless other people tell them they should because they are without emotional power." The food at Harvest is like that, very heady without senorsy attraction. Would other people covet it so if it wasn't so widely coveted? The service was very great. The meal was well paced, and we were able to have a long, relaxed conversation. I realize that this is one reason that people go to really expensive restaurants -- it would be nice if the food were an attraction too.
2	When I came here with my ex, I think there was a private event or something going on in the "other" room. We were standing in front to check-in for at least 5 min, watching some waiters not really doing anything but walking around "just because." When we finally sat down, the waitress attending our table was very nice, so that's why I'm willing to throw 2 stars on this place. Otherwise, I don't understand what all the hype is about.The appetizer squid and olive salad was quite good. I thought I can make better green salad, though. Both of our entrees were so terribly salty that I thought about sending them back to the kitchen, but instead, I just didn't bother finishing it and forced myself to wash down the portion that I ate with wine. The dessert was nothing extraordinary. My pana cotta tasted good, but my ex's chocolate cake was as dry as a kitchen sponge. I've been to some of the most acclaimed restaurants in the country, and I'm sorry to say that Harvest is far away from making into the list.
3	Had dinner at Harvest tonight with colleagues - it was a wonderful relaxing evening.  Our waiter, Paul I think, was superb - attentive but not overbearing, informative and had a great sense of humor.  I like the simplicity of the interior - clean and minimal.  The menu was well presented but somewhat limited.  I will say that even with the limited number of items they have, there's something for everyone. We were presented with a teeny "shot" of butternut squash soup to start, roasted beet and marinated squid salads with main courses of pumpkin squash, hanger steak and tenderloin - all good.  We finished with a cheese plate of local cheeses and cinnamon ice cream. Bottom line, I'd go again.  Oh and you can't beat the location!
4	I flew home to Madison today to surprise my mom and dad for mother's day. For a special gift I wanted to take her out to dinner tonight. The schmanciest restaurant L'Etoile was booked so I settled on Harvest. It sported a good review from the NYTimes, some lackluster and slim feedback on Yelp and Zagat totally dropped the Mad-town ball with only TWO restaurants listed here. Tsk tsk Zagat.But my mom had heard about Harvest and got excited about going. She dressed up all nice in a cute pink summer coat and white pants while my dad put on a nice black turtle neck, jacket and slacks. To compliment my handsome parents I wore my travel dirty Yelp blue hoody, distressed jeans and Bonnydoon t-shirt. Before you cry foul I wasn't dressing the role of privileged california boy slacker - actually my suitcase got lost by the f***ers at United and it was that or wear my dad's clothes which were a couple sizes too giant for me.Harvest is on the square and has a lot going for it. Charming, warm decor, in an intimate cozy setting. Our server was fantastic, actually a recent San Francisco transplant.We started the meal with a complimentary potato and leak soup - a tad salty but nice. We savored an appetizer of morel mushrooms sauteed in butter, served in a type of gravy - butter gravy perhaps?It was a night for red meat in the midwest - my mom had hanger steak, my dad Wisconsin bison (who knew?) and I had beef short ribs. My mom's steak was a tad chewy, but had amazing flavor. My short ribs were fantastically lush, flavorful and rich - definitely the best.For dessert we shared an almond cake and chocolate cake. This was the only unsatisfactory part of the dinner - imagine two crappy cupcakes with a weak spoonful of ice cream. Where the hell was the choco-goo, choco-lava, or almond creme. What a cop-out for $10 a dessert.But all in all we shared a fantastic time. My folks didn't even mind staying out past 9pm :) Harvest promotes organic foods raised from local farms delivered fresh to your table. It was well worth it. While the cost was high for midwest standards, I've paid far more for far less. And my parents and I didn't even try to strangle each other once while talking about politics!
5	I was out here for a business trip, so I decided to give Harvest a try after perusing through my hotel's business directory.Since I was solo for the night, I selected 3 first courses to get a sampling. Each dish was simple, but delicious! I had the slow roasted beet salad with hazelnuts and blue cheese, the grilled marinated squid with grapefruit, olives, and citrus, and finally the grilled guinea hen with balsamic vinaigrette. Each dish was exquisitely prepared and wonderfully presented. I thought the squid was a little too powerful for me, since it would swing from super sweet to extremely salty. But I loved the grilled leg of guinea hen and the beets were so fresh and thirst-quenching. I haven't been to Chez Panisse in Berkeley in awhile, but I think Harvest definitely ranks up there for organic goodness!
4	I went here (a few years ago) for one of their prix fixe dinners.  It was a Louis Latour wine pairing & seafood dinner for something like $65 per person before taxes or gratuities.  As it turned out, there were 6 'courses,' all paired with a different wine.  The chef and someone from the winery had gotten together to do the pairings, and the result was truly superb.  I've had wines "go well" with dinner before, but this was downright magical.Between me and my dining companion, the food got 5 stars.  I couldn't stomach all of it--for instance, the raw Kumamoto Oyster w/tomato 'gelee.'  My date raved on and on about how fresh and wonderful it was, and even went so far as to compliment the chef.  I, on the other hand, almost vomited.  Raw oysters are like big wads of phlegm.  Blech!  But, I powered through (in the interest of not spitting out my food in front of strangers) and made it on to bigger and better things.  Memorably, they had a seafood 'patty' with spaetzle (jiggly and unattractive, but delectable), a terrific striped bass, and a mind-bogglingly amazing lobster.  My problem with Harvest that evening was the tables were arranged such that you had to sit with strangers.  On our right were two snobs trying to out-impress each other with their blase attitudes about how rich and important they are.  I would've had a MUCH better experience if I wasn't forced to sit next to those two.  I don't know if it's always like this or if it was just for the special prix fixe dinner--hopefully not!
4	My husband and I were in town for a weekend away and decided to give this place a try.  We had read about it's organic and locally farmed menu and were intrigued.  We both really love food and wine and so our expectations were high.  They were met and then some.Our server was very informative, funny and not overbearing in the slightest.  She had little tid bits of knowledge about everything we were eating, coursed our meal out for us and split the items that we wanted to share.  Very professional and comfortable.The food was outstanding.  The meal started with a little taste of a chilled asparagus soup, then a roasted beet, hazelnut and blue cheese salad.  We then had a fresh pasta course and finished the meal with some short ribs over polenta with a side of snap peas. The food is totally unpretentious and tastes like it is supposed to taste.  The beets tasted like beets, the asparagus soup like sweet delicious asparagus.  The ingredients are so quality that the chef is not tempted to force other flavors onto them.The wine and beverage selection was great, though perhaps a little California happy.  At the end of the meal we were delighted to drink a German honey drink called barenjager.  Even more delighted to find out that Sam's carries it!In short, I am a fan and will certainly make an excuse to travel to Madison just to eat here again.
5	My boyfriend and I were in Madison for the weekend. We both went to school at UW-Madison, so we know the area and the restaurants really well, but had never been to Harvest (mostly because it's a little out of a college student's budget). We were deciding between L'Etoile and Harvest and ended up choosing Harvest because the menu looked more well-rounded. We could not have been more pleased. The atmosphere is elegant, relaxed and comfortable. We were immediately greeted and seated and the waitstaff were wonderful throughout the meal - especially when my boyfriend knocked over the bowl of sugar cubes and sent them flying through the restaurant! To start, we were brought a complimentary Amuse Bouche of Chilled Asparagus Soup in a tiny terrine that was very tasty! For our first courses, we had a Minestrone Soup with big chunks of fresh veggies and a Beet Salad with Goat Cheese and Toasted Macadamia Nuts that was amazing. For the main course, I had the salmon and my boyfriend had the short ribs and both were stellar - filled with fresh, seasonal, flavorful ingredients. We splurged and got the cheese plate (how can you not in Wisconsin??) and had some really delicious cheeses served with warm olive bread and fruit spread. For dessert we had the Strawberry Mousse with tiny wild strawberries on top and a cup of some of the best mint tea I've ever had. I cannot say enough good things about Harvest. Totally worth a trip to Madison and perfect for a special occasion! I didn't mind paying a little more considering the high-quality ingredients and found it totally comparable to a nice steak house in Chicago. I can't wait to go back!
4	Harvest is an excellent restaurant on the main square in downtown Madison. Their food incorporates local seasonal ingredients. I had a special salad of local heirloom tomatoes with a soft cheese (forgot the name), small leaves of basil and sea salt. Some of the best tomatoes I've had in years. I selected the home-made cavatelli pasta - made with pesto. sliced baby potatoes and green beans. Very good - and finished with a passion fruit sorbet. Highly recommended!
5	Went here for a special occasion.  The food was EXCELLENT.  Most times I go to a pricier restaurant and when I get the bill, I think, "Was it really worth it?"  Not so here.  The chef(s) clearly know what they're doing, and you can tell the ingredients chosen are fresher than fresh, and the meat is so tender and flavorful that it can only be organic/free range.  I felt like I was eating dishes from an Iron Chef competition.  And when we got the bill, I actually thought, "Wow that's it?"I can't believe I haven't found a similar place in my hometown of Chicago yet.  Harvest, are you interested in moving to the Windy City?
4	I just realized I forgot to write a review after I dined here months ago... so I'm a little fuzzy on the details, e.g. what menu items we ordered, vintage/vintner we drank (I do recall it being a smooth Pinot Noir), etc. Oh well.  The impression of the evening was lasting nevertheless.I recall the menu being a la carte, and the prices somewhat steep. Those two factors can make for a very hefty bill at the end of the night -- and it did. The food is great, but not world-class great... Harvest is a big fish in a small pond. When compared on an international or even just a national stage, it would be awarded a consolation prize, but certainly no medals.The service was impeccable and the atmosphere was immaculate... and I'm keeping this review relative to the small pond of Madison, so these factors bump its rating to a solid 4 stars. I'll recommend it, and I may even be back -- just as soon as I check out L'Etoile.
4	My evening here was in the private party room for a wedding rehearsal dinner.  We were given a special menu to choose a starter and main dish.  I was torn between the lentil soup and the beet salad to start.  My husband doesn't like lentil soup, so I new I could order it and still eat some of his beet salad.  Both dishes were great, although he didn't share as much of his beet salad as I would have liked:)  Our waitress suggested we go with the steak topped with a spicy salsa verde, so we did and it was melt in your mouth good.  Dessert kind of fell flat with some kind of chocolate cake mound.The room itself was nothing special, but not a bad place for a private party.  The bartenders and the waitstaff did a good job.  I'd go back to checkout the regular menu.
2	For the money I have had far better food. Everything was either bland or overpowered by a badly designed sauce.  Would not go back.
4	Took my girlfriend there for dinner on a Saturday night.  Overall, dinner and service was good, not great.  However, I eat out a lot and for me to say "good" is just that.  I would definitely return.  My GF ordered a salad and two different appetizers for dinner, I can't remember what both of them where but she ordered the mussels which were bad.  Not a big deal...these things happen and once we pointed it out to the waitress, they were taken away and removed from the bill.  The manager stopped by to apologize and while it was appreciated, it wasn't necessary.  As I said, things like that happen with shell fish.  To be clear, when I said they were bad, they were BAD as in not fit for consumption.  I had the quail and it was delicious.  I also had beef short ribs for the entree and it was fantastic.  What I really like about the place is the low mark up on wines.  We had a 2006 Pride Cabernet and it was priced just barely above retail.  Being a wine geek, I can't stand paying 300% markups on wine.  Anyway, I would recommend this place to others and will return.
2	I had really high expectations going into Harvest. I like the whole slow food and local food movement thing, but I also like having a good dining experience. The service was really slow (not like slow food slow, just bad and lacking water refills). And the meal itself was not worth what I paid, and my entree was severely over-salted.
5	My girlfriend brought me here for a once-a-month reservations-only dinner.  It was a 6-course meal featuring garlic.  Each course had a tasty wine pairing.  I liked all the wines to one degree or another, but I liked the sweet white the most (I don't remember what it was called). Here is what we ate that evening:Garlic CroquettasThese were fried, garlicy and gooeyh, and very very tasty. This was my favorite part of the meal.Sformato of Garlic, Herb Salad and Garlic ChipsThis was a custard kind of like flan, with roasted garlic. The garlic chips were thinly sliced garlic fried up. I didn't even realize they were just garlic; I had thought they were garlic-flavored potato chips. They were really good.Sopa De Ajo, Chorizo and Poached EggThis was an interesting soup with meat and egg in it. It was really garlicy, and it was fun breaking up the poached egg and mixing it in.Ravioli of Garlic and Potato, Braised Spring OnionsI didn't taste the garlic as much in the ravioli, but it was still tasty. The spring onions were really good.Braised Grouper, Garlic Broth, AioliThe grouper and aioli were really good.  The aioli (made from garlic and olive oil) was hand-ground with a mortar and pestle. It was very tasty.Frutti di Bosci, Garlic Pastry CremeThis was a garlic shortbread with fruit and custard-like sauce. The garlic wasn't very strong at all, and it was a tasty dish. It also had lavender buds on it, which I really enjoyed.
5	This place is sure to, and as I'm seeing below, cause plenty of controversy. It's well known concept is obviously slow cooked all organic foods. Not the kind of life I'm personally going to lead but I applaud the effort and enjoy trying something outside the box. Harvest is the kind of place you only go for GRPs. Graduations. Rehearsals. Parents. It's an experience almost more than a dinner. Very much involved in the ingredients the preparation, technique, pairings as much as the food. It's for those particularly who are more open-minded. I would say do not come here if you don't have an adventurous or willing palate. You won't like it off the bat and then you'll knock all the efforts put in as just "weird food in little portions." My experience here was a mix of those who thought it was expensive dog food and those who acted as experts in eating foie gras and squid. Coming in I hadn't had the chance to try some of these fine dishes, while I tried the more exotic options and didn't really care for many of them, I didn't much anticipate to walk away loving duck liver. But as I said GRP. Graduations, Rehearsals, Parents. This is the opportunity to try these things while you can in a smaller city. If it's your dime and you're more concerned about getting something you know you will enjoy definitely get something more fit for you. I'm just saying don't knock it if you are ignorant or close-minded. I loved the butternut squash soup shot I had. And I had several bits of fish dishes I really enjoyed. The cuts of meat were also flawless. This was probably the longest meal I've ever had. From the amount of people present, to the courses, to the pacing of the restaurant. Sit back in your fine apparel, talk with those around you, take it ALL in, savor it as one of the more elaborate meals you may ever have. The food is amazingly refined, I may not like liver and shellfish, but this restaurant's food is not the result of a golden calf effect. Really make this most of this if you have the chance, look at the menu beforehand, look some things up, ask questions, and try as much you can. I wish more restaurants could inspire this amount of passion in people.
4	Very Good Food.  Great Service.  Fantastic Drink Menu.  Chef even sends complimentary samples of potential new entrants to the menu.  You can taste the care put into each dish.  Very impressed.
4	Lentil soup, Cavatelli with walnut pesto, hazelnut chocolate cake, wine coffee, great conversation.  Yum!Second time I've been here, second time they're a winner in my book.  (It was also the second time I've eaten here on the company dime, FWIW).
4	I really wanted to give them 5 stars, but both times i have been there the hostess gave off a seriously bad vibe.  What's funny though is that both servers were so nice and did a really great job.  Maybe this is their technique?  The food is very tasty.  I had the halibut and my fiance had the tenderloin.  The tenderloin was better, but for being in the middle of the country, the Halibut was pretty damn good also.  Both had terrific sauces that really made the dish.  Kudos to the chef.  I also had the steamed clams with chorizo as an appetizer.  That turned out to be a real winner.  The residual sauce at the bottom of the bowl was perfect for dipping.  We avoided dessert this time, but last time had the cheese plate.  The cheese's were all Wisconsin cheese's (big surprise)  and were all excellent.  I saw their desserts at another table, and while i was happy with the cheese plate, realized i would not have gone wrong getting the other instead (besides the massive calorie infusion).  The interior of the restaurant is pretty classy and comfortable, but on a nice night grab a seat outside with a view of the square.  That is the way to go.Props also for the excellent wine selection.  They had a long list of Pi-not Noirs with many of them out of Oregon.  That means their sommelier knows his business.
5	Harvest was awesome! My Mother, Father, Husband, Myself, and our 7mo old daughter came in for a early Friday dinner. I was a little nervous coming in with the baby, but the hostess was so warm and inviting. She sat us at a table where I could pull up the stroller and checked on us later. The staff was so nice and knowledgeable! We are foodies so we got a bunch of apps and entrees and shared everything. The server coursed it out for us. The food was great! We did wine by the glass and paired with courses. It was wonderful!
3	Okay- so as far as regular restaurants go, this is probably a 4 star, but I want to hold Harvest to a higher standard.In the spirit of full disclosure, I went during restaurant week... Also, I'm not saying its not a great place, it wasn't what I prefer.The cocktails were very good - I will recommend those.The ambiance was very boring and too stiff for my tastes. I felt out of place talking to my table of four.The food was pretty good- I appreciate simple food, but they may take it a step too far. I thought my entree (short ribs) was too plain. You can definitely taste the quality - but I go to a really nice restaurant to taste things I couldn't imagine or things that are too difficult for regular people to easily prepare. On a final note -the dessert was stunning: panna cotta
5	My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and it was AMAZING! We had heard about it from one of those Madison magazines that named him Chef of the Year at some point, and we decided to branch out from our normal spots and try it.A little hard to find based on the minimal signage but once we did it was WELL worth it.  The inside is so simple and clean.  We got seated at a half booth table and felt very comfortable.  Our waitress was wonderful and very attentive and helpful.  She knew every question we asked her and explained the Harvest concept perfectly.  My bf loves to try new things and I do too, but I was skeptical about the pureed green soup set before me.  It was UNBELIEVABLE.  The presentation was so cute in the white teacup with saucer and the mix of flavors blew me away.I had a seafood dish and my bf had a steak. I can't begin to explain how wonderful everything was.  Very expensive, but so worth it.  I had two or three of those Door County Cherry Martinis and fell IN LOVE with them. The chef even came out and talked to us for a bit and made us feel completely at ease.Wish I could go back weekly but just don't have the dough for that.  Highly recommend trying Harvest.  You won't regret it!
5	What a fantastic fine dining option in Madison. In town for UW graduation, we made a reservation here to celebrate, and by the end of the evening, i was celebrating the fantastic meal too. I was thoroughly impressed with every aspect of the service we had that night. The waiter was pleasant and offered great suggestions for dinner and drink. While there were a cornucopia of fine fresh pastas and meats available, i opted for the grass-fed skirt steak, which came out cooked perfect at medium. There were some fingerling potatoes on the side, which were baked and seasoned well. After dinner, I had some fine 12 year-old single malt scotch, neat of course. That capped an excellent dinner. Sure this place is a expensive, but is well worth it to celebrate an occasion and to see how food raised in a simple, correct way can stand out from the rest. A+!
5	Really great dining for special nights out. Very unique takes on typical American fare without being overly complicated. My husband and I love it for a romantic night out.
2	Disappointing. Maybe it was because we were there for Restaurant Week, but the options were all overly simple (could have made all of it in under half an hour no problem) ,small, and somewhat bland. Not what I expected from an upscale place.First, our salad was just greens pretty much, and my boyfriend's shepards pie was small and tasteless.  My chicken was tender and well-cooked, but it was supposed to come with Mushroom sauce, of which I spotted about two drops.  Both of our deserts (apple crisp and chocolate almond cake) would have been better warmed up and mine had a weird after-taste of cherry cough-syrup.The portions were extremely small too.  I can usually eat about half of a Wisconsin-sized dinner entree and here I ate the whole thing and was still hungry.  I know it's supposed to be a good deal, (for restaurant week), but not if they're portions are for babies.The pluses include romantic ambiance and good service (my water was never empty - an undervalued part of a good dining experience).  Also - the chicken...so tender (but still so plain!). But, I don't think I'm coming back any time soon.
1	Atrocious customer service. If you can't handle the pressure of "Restaurant Week" then perhaps you should reconsider participating in it. The self-proclaimed "maitre'd" harrassed customers, and whether Veronica is aware of it or not, she comes off as completely passive-aggressive and unprofessional. A restaurant of this supposed caliber should not have people at the helm who haven't the slightest clue when it comes to customer service. Harvest should seriously reconsider the employment of an individual who will only drive business into the ground by destroying it's reputation.
5	Honestly I would say 4.5 stars since there are a few things that need improvement (discussed later) but I'm rounding up to make up for all the 1-2 star peeps who clearly have skewed expectations, bad attitudes, or both.  I've eaten at Harvest twice in the last two months:  December was a lavish dinner in all respects.   I also ate here with 5 friends during restaurant week 2010.  Thus I think I can provide some unique insights.The constants for me during both dinners were:  impeccable service, great wine list (which incidentally had been revamped with many new budget friendly bottles when I came for restaurant week), and simple, clean flavors. Yes, during restaurant week, the menu evolved to accommodate the throngs of diners at the $25 price they demand.  I enjoyed my short ribs immensely.  Tender, slow braised (sorry Gina S., but this preparation takes way over 30min by any means known to man), full of flavor.  Roasted beets were delicious although I could have used more of the mascarpone.  Apple crisp was drizzled in delicious creamy goodness and a was a nice ending.  Portions were ample.  If you want to pig-out, go to friggin Taco Hell where you can most assuredly get 25 "new!!" bean and cheese burritos.  If you want the full experience though, you have to pay the full price (i.e. save some scrillah and go at a time not equal to restaurant week).  In December it went like this:  Bomb scallops, steamed clams as good as I've had on the coast, arctic char cooked to perfection, creative cocktails, slammin $90 amarone, absinthe served the right way, chocolate cake, caramel ice-cream...la la la.  Makes me fat and happy just reminiscing.  Finally, my gripes: 1.  The cocktails are good for the average joe, but generally too sweet for the afficionado.  2.  My steak.  By all accounts a testament to what beef should be - grass-fed, cooked perfectly, sauce yummy, but salt....salt it could have used a bit more of.  Also, I think it was $42 that evening and I feel that's a bit lofty.  Having dined temples of beef around the nation, it's certainly at the upper end of the spectrum.  Moral of the story:  enjoy your $25 restaurant week meal for what it is - a tasty 3 course dinner at a rock bottom price.  Then go back sometime and sample the bounty, the service, and all the fine wines when you've got cash to burn.  Else, burrito.
5	My boyfriend made reservations here for a special Valentine's Day dinner. Even though we were a few minutes late, we were seated right away. The service was excellent - friendly, helpful and attentive. And best of all, no attitude.For the first course, I had seared scallops (which melted in my mouth). My boyfriend opted for the salad. Then we were presented with celery root soup compliments of the chef. For the next course, I had the house-made cavatelli with pork sausage, and my boyfriend ordered the pork loin. For dessert, we shared some homemade caramel ice cream. Everything we ate was amazing, and I couldn't wipe the smile off my face the entire time!The cocktails were excellent as well. I had a Canton sidecar (which went perfectly with the scallops) and an elderflower gimlet.This place is fantastic. I will definitely be coming back.
5	My coworker and I were in Madison on a business trip and had searched for organic restaurant. We wanted to eat something on the road that was as healthy as something we'd make at home. We were NOT disappointed!The service was fantastic; when we couldn't decide what to have, our server suggested that since they weren't incredibly busy, they'd be willing to split everything for us. Thus dinner became a four-course event!We started with a roasted beet and quinoa salad; it was very surprising! Homemade feta complimented the beets perfectly and added the right, salty kick. Our next course was the lamb ragu. The lamb shank was braised and incredibly tender. The homemade pasta was the ideal consistency; very al dente. For our third course, we split the grass-fed skirt steak. It was equally delicious, with pickled onions, mint, and just a hint of chili. The chickpea fries were a real treat -- I'm going to try to make these at home!We finished the meal with a local cheese plate. As my coworker had never been to Wisconsin, I convinced her this was a must. The Gouda, aged cheddar and blue cheeses were well suited with a fruit compote and crispy olive bread.An extensive wine list (that even contained a delicious nonalcoholic cider for me -- stinks being a pregnant lady with a discerning palate!) and soothing decor completed the evening. I will definitely stop here again on my next trip to Madison.
4	Before going, I read all of the reviews here on Yelp and elsewhere.  The ratings seemed inconsistent, and it was hard to gauge how eating here would really be.  So, I went last night (4/24/10) with my girlfriend, a colleague from work, and two other friends.We arrived on time for our reservation, and we were seated promptly.  Menus were already placed at our table, along with the wine/drink list.  Water glasses were full.We waited for about 15-20 minutes before anyone came over to us.  The first person to do so was a voiceless girl with a pitcher of water.  She filled our glasses and moved on.  A couple of minutes later, a server walked over and asked if anyone had been with us.  We told her no, and she noted that and went to get someone.  Moments later, we had a waiter at our table ready to take our order.We ordered a bottle of wine (a Chilean Carrignan), and he was off to get it.  The wine was served shortly after, and the only complaint here is that the waiter was terrible at wine service.  He struggled with getting the bottle open, and then he poured wine on the tablecloth and the menu.  It wasn't too much though, and maybe he was new.  In any case, after pouring the wine for us, he brought out small samples of celeriac soup.  They were delicious, and a tasty start to the meal.  Along with the soup came one fresh-baked roll.  The roll was perfect, and while one was plenty, I wished there were two.Our first courses were ordered and came out promptly.  I had the lentil soup, which was amazing.  The others had the roasted beet salad or the green salad.  Those were also met with smiles, and everything looked as good as it tasted.Our first bottle of wine was gone, and our waiter asked if we wanted another.  I ordered a nice Rioja for our second courses, which were all red meat (most of us ordered the grilled skirt steak with harissa and mint, my girlfriend had the special NY Strip).  The second bottle poured as awkwardly as the first, and our food arrived just as the last glass was being poured.Each second course looked great, and they were all cooked to perfection (rare, medium rare or medium...depending on the person).  I sampled my girlfriend's rare Strip and it was amazing.  The flavor profile of my dish, the skirt steak, was completely different but equally tasty.  I also enjoyed the crispy chickpea fries that accompanied the dish.  The harissa, a kind of hot chili paste, was perfect in terms of heat and flavor.  The mint brought it all together well, and this was unexpected for me since I wasn't eating lamb.After our second course, the cheese plate arrived (we had ordered it earlier and it is usually served after dinner).  The cheeses were all very good, especially the buttermilk blue and bandage cheddar.  The olive bread that came with it was very good as well.  The best part were candied cashews and a fruit compote that, with the three types of cheese, provided a number of interesting and satisfying permutations of flavor and texture.  We, literally, scraped the plate clean.Dessert was offered, but we were too full, and I recommended against it anyway since the only thing people could agree on in the many reviews of this restaurant, was that the dessert was a let down.Overall, I would give Harvest 4.5 stars.  The only thing to complain about was the initial wait and the wine pouring.  Those are being very nitpicky though!  The portion sizes were not pretentiously small, as some people have written.  In fact, I thought they were quite normal and walking out of the restaurant I was not stuffed and uncomfortable but feeling perfectly sated.  The wine list is extensive with a variety of price levels, which I always appreciate.  The food was impeccably prepared, matched with side items well, and some of the best food I've eaten.  The service was very good, and the bill was high but worth the price (and cheaper than what you'd find in bigger cities).  Each person ended up paying $63, before tip, for the following:(on the house soup sample & roll)first coursesecond coursepart of the cheese plate2 glasses of wineSome people have complained about the atmosphere, but I find it to be very warm and comfortable.  The night we were there, the restaurant was nearly-full, and it wasn't loud or annoying (i.e. long waits for food).  What really puts everything over the top is that everything is so fresh, locally sourced whenever possible, organic and in season.  You might find other restaurants at this price level that provide a similar experience, but it is very difficult to find one that works with this kind of food and delivers such an amazing product.  I have eaten at a number of very fine-dining restaurants, some of which cost far more than Harvest, but I found the experience at Harvest to be similar or better in almost every way.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.  The only people who could be disappointed with this place are terribly unlucky or have outrageous expectations
5	This is a nice unpretentious restaurant with really good food.  I was in Madison from the SF Bay area on business for several nights and had two just "OK" dinners at places chosen from reviews on Yelp.  I was looking for a reasonable meal and nice atmosphere probably like everyone else.  I finally hit the streets and walked by Harvest and the menu brought me in.  I had a nice halibut dinner, good glass of wine and sorbet for dessert - nicely prepared and a perfectly sized meal at a price point I expected.  It was as close to being at a restaurant near home as I found in Madison, really!  In addition, every person on the wait staff was very attentive and courteous.
4	Right next to the capitol building, Harvest is right where you want to be when you visit Madison, and the local/organic food does not disappoint.A diverse crowd of visitors & locals, with a friendly intelligent wait staff, Harvest is a great place for dinner.My mom and I went on a recent cross country trip and were thrilled with the healthy and uncomplicated menu. I had a spectacular greens salad, made more interesting with fresh herbs, and a sea bass that was to die for. Great wine list, too, and I am STILL salivating over the chocolate hazelnut flourless cake we had... yum!
5	Delicious food, great ambiance, professional staff, local ingredients place is the real deal.  My wife and I enjoyed dinner at their outdoor patio while in town for SOAR, the UW freshmen registration program.  Our daughter is in love with the university and having dinner at Harvest put an exclamation mark on the trip; this place is destined to be our go to spot when we visit her.
2	Disappointing to say the least. I went once, for Restaurant Week, and the food was bland and unremarkable, and servings were small. It seems to be very hit-or-miss from what I've heard. In my case, I don't see myself coming back, there's much better alternatives in Madison for the same price range.
5	This is my favorite fine dining spot in Madison. The food and service are outstanding, and the ambiance is perfect--warm and elegant, but not too stuffy.
4	We've been to Harvest twice during Restaurant Week (Winter 2010 and Summer 2010) and once or twice for their regular menus. We've had some spectacular meals there but I must say that something was off on our most recent visit (which was Restaurant Week - Summer 2010). The service was distracted and the food was fine - but all in all all - not that impressive. I had the Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho (best part of the meal), Braised Beef Shortribs (good but not amazing) and the Chocolate Cake (an utter disappointment - so dry I didn't finish it and that NEVER happens with me and dessert).  We'll be back to give it another shot, but I must say - we left disappointed with the last visit.
4	First off the location is ideal... it looks right over the Capitol and in Madison, that's as pretty of a view you're going to get for a down town dinner. Chris went w his b school class and learned all about how passionate they are about organic and sustainable food. You can definitely tell. For me, even the tomatoes were scrumptious and I think that is because they were freshly picked from the chef's mini garden. The service was fantastic, very polite, treating you like royalty without being pretentious or floofy. We need to go there again so we can write a more robust review. (Chris has been there 3 times and has adored each visit!) The only downside (if any) is that it is a little pricey for rustic elegance. We will go there again soon and report back... ~Christerra
5	We hosted our son and daughter-in-law's rehearsal dinner at Harvest in September 2010 in their private dining room.  We had 44 guests.  We could not have been more pleased.  The room was lovely, the tables were elegant and the atmosphere was festive, yet intimate.  The canapes, entrees and desserts were delicious, the wine was excellent and the service was impeccable.  Tami and Derek were attentive to every detail.  Lastly, Harvest is fully equipped to display your DVD presentation.  We would definitely recommend Harvest for a special event.
4	My husband and I ate here for a romantic dinner night.  If you want great, off the beaten path menu this is a great place.  They seated up for a late dinner with no complaints.  I had a steak meal and my husband had a pasta. We also ordered mussels and mushrooms.  We can't say enough about the mushroom dish.  The menu changes according to the chef's preferences and seasonality so don't have your heart set on any one dish.  The only complaints I had was that the restaurant was "snug" and I felt a little far away from my husband during dinner, but as the place cleared out and we had the back half almost to ourselves for dessert we were able to cuddle up.
5	My boyfriend and I wanted a splurge for our 1 year anniversary, and he chose Harvest.  It was perfect.  Just the right amount of elegance without being overly pompous.  Our server was Australian and amazing, we noticed that she always appeared when needed and never bothered us when we didn't need her - she knew exactly when to approach our table.  The atmosphere is very classy, elegant but comfortable (ie very small and candle-lit lighting with mismatched chairs and exposed piping in the ceiling).  Very date oriented - most were couples or 4 tops.Portions are on the smaller side, but exquisitely planned and extremely tasty.  The menu is very small - there are not many choices for appetizers and entrees.  There are no complaints about any of our food.  For appetizers, I had a green salad that I still think about (walnut-sherry vinaigrette - yum!) and my boyfriend had a squid salad.  Even the bread on the table was delicious, and they serve a small portion of soup on the house.  I got the special strip steak entree with mashed potatoes and my boyfriend got the tenderloin ($36).  For dessert they were out of the only chocolate item (some cake I think) and so we split the fruit tart, which was unique and delectable.  You can really taste the quality of the ingredients in all of the food, which is I think nearly 100% local.  The beef was grass-fed and my boyfriend said it was the best steak he had ever had.  I had two glasses of wine and my boyfriend had a beer and a glass of wine - I think our total with tip was about $170-180.Wine ranges about 8-9$ a glass, there are more bottles to choose from than glasses and they are at varying prices.  I know there was a drink menu but I prefer wine with dinner.I don't know about parking, we walked because it is on campus right next to Old Fashioned, but there are few meters in front. I would definitely go again - it's a splurge, and with the small menu I would say it's not a place I would go often but definitely for those special occasions once in a while.
2	Re-confirmed my earlier disappointment once again during the Restaurant Week. It was as if they didn't even know what "polenta" is, but decided to put on the menu anyways.The polenta with mushrooms and gorgonzola (+ some very soggy greens) was awful. And I don't want anyone to take it lightly - it was god awful.The polenta itself was so waterly and loose that it left me so puzzled to see it on a flat plate. It was like trying to eat soup out of a large flat plate with a fork. Normally, I don't eat like that. The accompanied mushroom was overcooked and over salted. The cook/chef needed to understand the salt amount of gorgonzola in flavoring the mushroom. I also think that there are other ways to flavor a dish than throwing a more than handful of salt.Overall, I'm glad that I tried Harvest again. I'm glad to finally confirm that it's not worth coming here.
5	Stopped in late (8:45) but I had to come here!  Had the Arugala salad and roasted chicken breast. Delicious!  And the waitress suggested a great pairing of the Sauvignon Blanc. Set the meal off perfectly!
3	Solid food, but lacking in creativity for the prices you pay here. Yeah, the cuts of meat and veggies are fresh. I've gone here several times and it's got pleasant ambiance, attentive waiters, and filling dishes, but it just doesn't have the spark that makes you go, oh my gosh, that was an amazing experience. I did really enjoy the mussels appetizer- the spicy tomato broth really makes the dish.
5	This is the perfect restaurant if you want a balance between the pomp of L'Etoile and your normal Madison fare. I have been there on several occasions (mostly for special occasions). This restaurant is best kept for dinner with a friend/sig other or a small group of around 4, as that is the environment they tailor towards. The chef combines fresh ingredients with a modern American inspiration to create a menu that is approachable, yet full of surprises (especially in the spices he manages to tuck into various dishes). I find that I walk out every time perfectly content...not too full, not hungry. Please, please, please take advantage of the wine list! The owner, who has stopped by my table on 2 separate occasions, has clearly put thought into it. Servers are friendly, non-pretentious, and know when to back off.Give this place a try! *****On a side note, I have noticed that a lot of the so-so reviews on here seem to stem from a misunderstanding of how fine dining works. This is not a place that you'll be in and out in 30 minutes, expect to have an experience. There are not waiters simply 'walking around because,' those are mostly likely backwaiters and not waiters. Also, Restaurant Week is never, ever a fair indicator of a restaurant's quality. Give this place a chance; you won't regret it!
2	A friend and I ate at Harvest on a Friday night, we had reservations.  The ambiance was wonderful and the wait staff was very attentive.  When we first ordered a bottle of wine it took forever, and when the waiter stopped by again to take our order and realized the wine stil wasn't at the table he realized it had been quite some time and got the wine immediately.  My friend ordered a salad and the special for the night, I ordered halibut.  When the salad came it looked wonderful and my friend really enjoyed it.  But when the dinner came neither of us thought it was anything spectacular.  The special being a gnocci really didn't have any thing special about it.  The halibut was not great by any means, infact it was a bit slimy.  The presentation was nice, but for what it tasted like I will not go back again.
5	My husband and I enjoy local/sustainable/organic foods, so our best man got us a gift card to Harvest as a wedding gift.  We decided to stop one snowy night after house hunting in Madison and didn't know what to expect.  We felt under dressed in jeans, and we should have made a reservation because it was very busy.  The hostess took our coats and directed us to the bar while we waited.  The bar can really only fit about 2 people, and there isn't really any other good place to wait, so plan ahead if you want to eat here.   I had the most AMAZING cherry martini, and the bartender seemed very knowledgeable about drinks.  She was very helpful with recommending a good red wine for my husband.  The bartender was very friendly and gave us a free sample of another martini on the menu which was also delicious.  The atmosphere here seemed very trendy and upscale.  When we were seated, the waiter brought us small complimentary dishes of potato leek soup (delicious).  After some delicious appetizers, our meals arrived.  My husband had a grass fed beef steak, and I had chicken.  Everything was plated beautifully and full of flavor.  When we opted to skip dessert, the waiter brought us complimentary cookies.  The service here was absolutely amazing.  We felt like royalty.  When my husband got up to use the restroom, the waiter came over and folded his napkin and removed the crumbs from the table.  Our water glasses were never empty.  The waiter was very good at anticipating our needs.  This place is about enjoying good food as well as the experience.  It's a great place to celebrate a special occasion, but it is very pricey.  Our bill was WELL over $100 for the two of us.
4	I took my friends out for a thank you dinner.  The host was very nice as were the servers.  We chose to sit in the back room, and when we mentioned that it was a little too chilly for us, they promptly altered the temperature. The meal started with a complimentary amuse bouche of cold pea soup served in tureens.  Very tasty; creamy with the pea flavor coming through very well.  The three of us split 2 appetizers: mussels that were cooked in a clean, herb-y broth and the marinated grilled squid.  Both were cooked perfectly.  The mussel flavor was very bright and the squid dish had the inventive pairing with olives.My friend ordered the halibut, which had olive tapenade and other vegetables including leek and fennel.  She enjoyed it.  Her husband ordered the skirt steak; he asked for the harissa sauce to be put on the side, which I think was a good move for him -- it wasn't his favorite flavor profile.  The chickpea fries were delicious and the steak was tender and perfection.  I ordered the homemade tagliatelle with pork sausage, kale, and chili flakes.  It was a solid meal -- nothing too exceptional aside from the perfectly delicious steak -- no surprises, but good.We loved that the portions were reasonable; not too small not too large.  We split the strawberry-rhubarb tart which was not groundbreaking, but very tasty.
1	I was very excited about our meal due to their focus on organic and local ingredients; the patio was also pleasant and romantic.  Unfortunately, the food itself took a dive.  We started with an amuse bouche and salad that were both disappointing to my husband; our entree was the grass feed hanger steak.  I spent about four minutes trying to chew each bite (some I simply couldn't), and it was honestly the toughest meat I have ever had in a restaurant.  I am unsure about why they purchased this meat and chose to sell it as a steak, as opposed to either purchasing a more tender cut OR using this cut in another fashion (i.e., beef bourguignon or something that would tenderize the meat properly, as the French due with their poor meat cuts).  Also the spicy seasoning on the meat overwhelmed it, such that none of the steak flavor came out in the mouth.  Steak isn't a flavor that you want to cover up!  I liked the dessert, but husband didn't.  Between the five things we tried he liked none.  There are much better options for local/organic food.  Oooh, and it's very expensive to be experimenting with your dinner....
4	We dined here on a Friday night and found our experience to be very similar to that of another reviewer, Jess L. (7/19 review).  The food and the service were solid, but not perfect.  We found the prices fair and would consider dining here again.  The highlights were the halibut and the cheese plate.  The octopus and squid first course was slightly overcooked.
3	Cheerio!  Good friends!I went here last night dressed in my finest.  I was chauffeured in my stretch Hummer limo.  I was accompanied by my lovely wife, she is 90% plastic, 10% human, just as the good Lord intended.  The good Lord, being me.  As I entered the establishment I saw many people that were clearly beneath me.  I was taken aback by the amount of liberals that littered the place!  I had to wipe my furrowed brow with my 2000 silk thread count kerchief when I realized how boring, bland, and tasteless the clientele here were.  I promptly informed my wife that if she were to keep such friends as these tasteless liberals I would have to beat her more than I already do, and that, my friends, would be quite the tragedy.  Being the daring sort that I am, I agreed to be seated.  I found the wine list to be quite good, however, the food was, as the other brilliant, sophisticated, reviewer "Boyd" had mentioned, just too boring and tasteless, coincidentally, just like the insulting, low brow liberals that littered the place.  When I got back to my mansion, I forced my wife to write a strongly worded letter to the management, and then I made dinner arrangements for the following weekend with my finest, richest, nobly conservative friends, the Koch brothers.  Sincerely,A gigantic, judgmental, yet well-groomed prick
2	This is probably not a fair review because I did not actually dine here... but I feel like I need to share my story anyway.My girlfriend and I were trying to find a dinner spot before we went to see a movie on a weekend night and poor planning had us looking at several restaurants around the Capitol with one hour+ wait times. We walked in to Harvest and were told we could be seated immediately which was wonderful news.Before we were taken to a table, another potential customer behind us asked for a menu, which prompted us to ask for one too, to get an idea of what we were looking at. A quick glance revealed that the menu was a little pricier than we had hoped to spend. If you are going to eat at restaurant with a price-level like Harvest, you don't want to "power" through the meal to make it to a showtime.We told the hostess that we were sorry, but we were going to keep looking, which prompted her to respond, "This is why we post the menu outside, so you know what is on it, and you can decide whether or not to come in..." Wow. You post the menu outside to ward off "poor people"? This was very disappointing and I am going to seriously think twice about eating here in the future.
2	Two stars for a well trained staff, "are you finished enjoying your plate?" isn't even uttered by any of the more sophisticated dining establishments in NYC or LA.  But the food was disappointing, considering that they've been written up by the NYT as a must visit restaurant in Madison.  And they've hosted James Beard diners!  I had several appetizers and a dessert: on the octopus salad, only one piece was cooked correctly, the rest too soggy or chewy.  The seared scallops was the better option, cooked to perfection, but the eggplant puree and chutney were rather unneccessary accompaniments - that could be the purist in me.  The cauliflower soup was nice, balanced w/ roasted apples.   The homemade watermelon-basil sorbet had an extremely inconsistent texture...was this deliberate?  were the differently sized ice chunks amidst the sorbet supposed to convince me that it was really home made?   I worried initially that the basil might be hidden in the watermelon, but quite the opposite was true - the watermelon was completely lost in the syrupy sweetness of the basil.  If fresh basil was actually used, there was a very heavy hand w/ the sugar.  A restaurant that posts the accolades that Harvest posts on their website should be able to maintain and live up to their standards.  This is definitely not a must visit restaurant in Madison in my book.
3	I had a really disappointing meal at Harvest and I'm not sure if it's because of what I ordered or if it was an off-night or what.  It probably wasn't a good sign that my husband and I and another couple were the only patrons in the restaurant last Thursday night.Our server was not inept or anything like that, but it was impossible to coax a smile or any friendliness.  He was not informed about the beers on the menu and ended up recommending something he thought might taste like an IPA.  It was a lager... and not a good one.  I ordered the cornmeal crusted fluke over the sunchoke-duck hash, warm winter vegetable slaw with preserved lemon aioli.  The best thing on the plate was the slaw, which was vinegary and crispy.  The fish was cooked perfectly but it tasted a little off, and I can't vouch for the freshness of the Fluke.  The cornmeal crust was only on one piece of the fish and there were three very large filets that totally overwhelmed the plate.  Also overwhelming - the hash.  I guess I assumed there would actually be duck and sunchoke in the hash.  Instead, the (large) potatoes tasted like they had been fried in rendered duck fat.  Sunchoke is a pretty delicate, artichoke-like flavor and it was completely missing from the dish.  The aioli was heavy on the oil and light on the lemon.  The dish was a total miss.  My husband's dinner was the grass-fed grilled beef tenderloin with celeriac and parsley root gratin, roasted cippolini onions and bourboun jus.  The gratin came out cold, but the beef was delicious and medium rare; perfectly cooked.  The dish was passable, nothing either of us would come back to order.The chevre pumpkin cheesecake was memorable for how heavy of a dessert it was.  We had been hoping for something a little lighter, but this might be our fault.Combined with the lackluster service, it was a disappointing meal.  Next time we go out for a nice meal, I think we'll stick with what is always good and just go to L'Etoile.
5	I received mixed reviews on the place, but our experience was outstanding! The food and service were both top notch. My only complaint is that the menu is somewhat limited, there aren't a whole lot of meal options, but you really can't go wrong with whatever you order.
3	Food here was a bit underwhelming and the service was slow.  But then again, I had too much wine
4	If Justin Carlisle is their chef still, then you're in for a treat. He is one of the best Midwestern chefs I have had the pleasure to work for, although he was only the sous at the time. I've tried many meals from this kitchen and everything has been delicious. I believe the hanger steak is the staple I this restaurant. The marinade and tenderness of the meat makes it the best thing I have ever eaten.
3	I appreciate this place for what it attempts to be; locally sourced food with an emphasis on quality and inventive ingredients.  That being said, I too thought the menu was a little limited.  We were disappointed they were out of the morel mushrooms but understand given the sustainability... the salad with smoked trout was done well but lacked something to bring all the flavors together.  The handmade gnocchi was done perfectly and in a light sauce that was fresh and not too heavy.  My date had wonderfully handmade pasta with lamb sausage which was great and our server was top notch as he was very helpful in suggesting great wines for a variety of pallets.  We'll go back on a night when they offer small plates, which is only during M-F, the main reason we'll be back is because the service was fantastic and we'll hope for a few improvments in the food as these chefs continue to strive for excellence.
1	I was planning a special dinner for some very important clients. This restaurant was highly rated not only on Yelp but also written up with high marks.The food was very good, and the wine list was also impressive with very reasonable prices. I've had better, but I still would've rated this restaurant much higher if not for the completely unacceptable service (or lack thereof) we received.This place takes itself way too seriously. I know they're trying to come off as upscale, but rude doesn't equal upscale. One of my coworkers has very special dietary needs that require her to bring her own food, sealed in a package. This is never a problem for any restaurant where she goes except for this one. They were completely unaccommodating. Many of us placed our phones discreetly on the table, and at one point when my phone so gently chimed indicating a text message, I was promptly asked to silence it (even though each party on either side of me didn't even hear it).This attitude, on top of the fact that we could never find a waiter to bring us another pricey bottle of wine when we needed it, just doesn't fly with me. My clients all were appalled at this behavior, and I felt like a loser for making a bad choice. We all wished we had gone to the much more lowbrow and less pretentious "Old Fashioned" next door. Next time, save your money and do the same.
1	There really isn't the need to go to a pretentious and rather obnoxious restaurant to get such a small amount of so-so food for a disproportional amount of money with inconsiderate service to boot.  Furthermore, serving potatoes and white bread, it is clear that this restaurant has no knowledge of what constitutes a healthy meal.  (If you don't either then you might consult the book, "Eat, Drink, and be Healthy: The Harvard Medical School guide to healthy eating.")The service started out bad and got worse.  When we arrived only 1 of the 8 or so tables for two was occupied, and the attempted to seat us right next to the other occupied table so that we'd have to listen to the other couple and vice-versa.  We refused that table and opted for one a few yards away, only to find that the person seated in the aisle-most seat constantly gets bumped by waiters coming back and forth to the tables in the front section.  The server could have warned us about this and seated us at another of the many empty tables for two, but she failed to do so.   When we left there was still only one other couple in the two-seater section, there really was no excuse for being placed at a table where you get repeatedly jossled by cross-traffic, nor was there any excuse for having the aisle so narrow near a table.I became truly angry at this restaurant when the food arrived.  I got the Salmon, and there WASN'T MUCH OF IT THERE.  The waiter arrived to ask how the first few bites were, and I almost told him that actually there were only three bites there.  It was supposed to come with some other vegetable-type stuff, and there was also very little of that.  The salmon wasn't cooked that well, certainly the stuff I make at home is better.  The infuriating service will spoil the mood, this is not the place for any sort of social occasion.
4	I visited Harvest while in Madison for a wedding and we had our rehearsal dinner here the night before the wedding.  Everything was fantastic-the private room, the service, the DELICIOUS food!  I had the Chilled Pea Soup and the Ricotta Gnocchi and both were fantastic.  Everyone else at my table thoroughly enjoyed their choices as well.  The servers were very attentive, refilling our water and wine before we would even think to ask.  They did a fantastic job and I would definitely make a return trip to Harvest when visiting Madison again.
2	Played out and in need of an overhaul all around...except the wine list.  Poorly timed and executed food, offensively bad service and dated design = unhappy customer.  My meal was inconsistently cooked to the point where half was leather tough and the other still cold.  How this is achieved is beyond me. I would have sent the 3/4s I didn't eat back, but nobody asked our table how things were. Bad form.
3	If you're looking for an amazing view in Madison that is close to the Capitol and State Street, I would definitely recommend Harvest. However, if you are looking for an excellent meal, I would search a little further. First of all, the service from our waiter was mediocre at best. He was slow to take our order, barely checked up on us, and was "rude" in my opinion with his mannerisms.The food we ordered was again "mediocre". Presentation I would mark a 10, but taste I would mark a 6-7. My sister's salmon was not fully cooked. The patte we ordered was quite disgusting in my opinion (and yes, I have had good patte in the past). My chicken was quite good, with the exception of the lettuce becoming quickly soggy underneath it. Overall, for the prices we paid (and I don't mind paying a hefty price for a GOOD meal), were not worth the food we consumed.If you're in Madison and looking for a restaurant with some great food, skip Harvest and look for something with a little more flavor, hip atmosphere, and better service.
4	Delicious, but kind of quiet atmosphere.
5	Had a great dinner sitting outside across from the Capitol. The weather seemed great when we started, but the food was so distractingly enjoyable that we didn't notice the approaching downpour until it hit. The staff was wonderful, quickly moving us and our meals and beverages to a drier spot in a heartbeat. They execute the sustainable farm-to-table concept very well, making no compromises in preparation and presentation. The pate I had for a starter was excellent, as were the braised short ribs. Wine choices were good and reasonably priced. Aside from rescuing us  from the rain, service was top notch all the way through our meal: attentive, knowledgeable, non-intrusive. Plus they were so welcoming to our pooch, who joined us for the al fresco dining.
2	The problem may have been that I did not order what the server recommended. I attended a corporate event here, and just about everything was incredibly bland. What did stand out: the kim chi with the roasted chicken was outstanding. I've never had moister chicken. Good pinot noir. Very nice, unobtrusive servers. Good view of the Capitol.Not a place I'd return to if I had to pay though.
3	So, I'm now 0 for 2 as far as "fine dining" is concerned in Madison.  Im starting to suspect that Madisonians are so desperate for something that is not Taco Bell that they think see great food when it is actually just mediocre. When my better half and I went here, the food was remarkably inconsistent. She enjoyed her scallops and mako, and the wine list was fine. I, on the other hand, had two unbelievably uninteresting plates. The duck confit first course was under seasoned and underwhelming. My main, the rabbit with tagliatelle, could have been good if the pasta had been properly cooked OR if they had seasoned anything. Sadly, I ended up only eating about a third and leaving the rest--it simply wasn't worth finishing. Oddly enough, the side of greens we ordered was the only thing that was seasoned, and that was SO over salted that we had to send it back.They get three stars only because the service was solid and my better half liked most of what she had. If it were just me, I'd have gone with two stars.
4	Have been here a couple times once with a large family group, and once just two of us. Both times the experience has been very pleasant. Both times we ate outside,  the atmosphere was relaxed, and the wait staff was great. The food was also very good-- a good tight menu with a broad selection (something for everyone) that wasn't too overwhelming (each dish seems to have been well thought out). I think everyone really enjoyed themselves.
5	Everything I've had here has been perfect.  But allow me to be clear - I've never been here during Restaurant Week (don't judge a restaurant for how it manages during that circus, please), and two of the times I've dined at Harvest, it was for one of their special theme dinners.  The Holiday Game Dinner, for instance, is a delight unparalleled.Also, for the commenter who thought Harvest should crack down on diners' attire, take a look at their website for their dress code: "We will never tell you what to wear.  Come as you are."How refreshing.  How accepting.  I don't want to go someplace that will try to hustle my husband into a dinner jacket after he's had a long day at work and wants a delightful meal.  I don't want to go someplace where the hostess will look askance at me for not wearing heels and stockings in winter in Wisconsin.  I want to go to a restaurant where the focus is on the food, not me.That's what Harvest is all about.
4	The foie gras is quite impressive. It seems like they mix cocoa powder(or just chocolate?) into the foie gras, and the combination tastes surprisingly well.
5	One of my very favorite Madison restaurants!  Every aspect of the dining experience here is consistently great.  The cuisine is imaginative and well presented, the wait staff knowledgable, the bar and wine selection top-notch.  The price is high, for the area, but there is honestly nothing I can think of to complain about.  The restaurant is comfortable and not pretentious.
3	Solid, but expensive and overrated.
2	I wrote to management about my bad experience there, and it's been 3 weeks without a response. Below I've pasted the email I sent, and I hope this inspires them to both do better with the issue AND responding to customer complaints. We will not be back."My husband and I chose your restaurant for our date night last night. It is not something we'd usually consider because of the price, but we wanted something special and we like your focus. I was led to believe that we would be well taken care of. It seemed like the whole staff knew of my gluten sensitivity. I felt confident that our server was checking with the chef despite not understanding what gluten was at all. I found out that instead, he submitted my order without checking at all. I had told him that I preferred the pheasant, and that the spaetzle could be replaced with anything gf and I would be happy. When the meal arrived as stated on the menu, I asked again and found out that he hadn't had a chance (in an hour!) to check if it was ok. It was whisked away, then he came back with a menu because the WHOLE MEAL was actually full of gluten. I quickly ordered the bass minus couscous since our 8pm show at the Bartell was quickly approaching. The salad provided so I didn't have to sit and watch my husband eat was a nice touch, but not enough to make up for the quickly cooked meal that arrived next. The fish seemed overdone, and the fava beans were hard. I ate it fast because I was hungry and in a hurry, not because it was so delicious I couldn't hold back. For over $100, I guess I expected better. I get that the fish was made under pressure, but the service that led to it was the real disappointment. I still tipped the server because I know that's his livelihood, but he didn't deserve it.A solution for the future is to have a separate gluten free menu with a few choices on it so the servers don't have to guess and check."
2	I read recently that restaurants don't try too hard on Valentine's Day because they expect that their patrons are out for one nice meal and won't be repeat or regular customers. I had my doubts about that assumption until we went to Harvest last night. I can definitely say they lived up to the stereotype and that my husband and I will as well by not being repeat or regular customers. That being said, Harvest did some things well but bungled too many things for us to take another chance on this pricey restaurant. We had an 8:30 reservation, showed up on time and waited about 20 minutes to be seated, along with a half a dozen other couples. I get that you're busy on Valentine's Day and that people take their time with their meals, but Harvest is not new to the game and should know better than to overbook their reservations. Also, there was nowhere to stand and wait except in the doorway or in the middle of a "nice little seating area" as the hostess said, which turned out to be in front of another doorway. Also, the hostess was rude and condescending to me when I tried to check in and pointed out that we had been standing there for a few minutes without being acknowledged. I'd been standing on my feet serving the public all day too lady - no need to have an attitude. When we finally got seated, our waitress was very nice and attentive for how busy the restaurant was. I loved my Elderflower sidecar and my husband enjoyed his house martini. My first course scallops were amazing and came served in a very good sauce. I thought my husband's tuna confit was strange and didn't take another bite of it, but he enjoyed it. Main course - I ordered the hanger steak which came with a side of potatoes with leeks. The hanger steak was okay, but overall the entire dish was pretty mushy. It's definitely not something I'm salivating over thinking about it the next day. It wasn't super flavorful or memorable, there wasn't much seasoning and really nothing that I can say makes me want to try it again. To sum it up in one word: meh. Which is a shame because I had an excellent hangar steak at Eno Vino not too long ago, which is what inspired me to try it at Harvest. My husband had the NY strip steak, which I thought was very chewy. Again, not a memorable dish but he seemed to enjoy it. We ordered one dessert to split between the two of us and tried the chevre cheesecake. The cake itself was good but the fruity stuff they put on top was so bad I couldn't take another bite. It was so horribly tart. Husband and I both agreed the scallops were the highlight of the meal, which is sad because I've had amazing scallops elsewhere. So I can't see returning for just that. The piece de resistance was when we were waiting to pay the bill. We were seated near the door, so we got an eyeful when a Jimmy John's delivery guy came in with a huge sandwich order for the staff. He was quickly ushered back into the kitchen to unload his delivery, but not before it was made pretty obvious what was going on. Harvest, don't you have a back door somewhere? For what I thought was supposed to be an upscale place (for which the price accurately reflected but not much else did) , that was pretty much the tackiest thing I've ever seen. Seriously? I was pretty disappointed about the whole experience, not just because it was Valentine's Day but because my husband and I live in the neighborhood and have walked by Harvest hundreds of times, promising ourselves we needed to try it. I can tell you the anticipation was much better than the meal itself, and unfortunately we will not be returning.
4	I guess my review is more mixed than the 4 stars would indicate.. here's why, the food was flippin amazing. Instant 5 stars for the dinner. That being said, the service was 2 stars and the desert was 1 star.Some might say that that adds up to probably a 3 star rating, not I. The dinner was simply amazing. I've dined around the world and back, and my meal was a top 10.I should break down everything, but meh.. just know the dinner was fabulous.. Don't bother with dessert, it was not good at all. Additionally, don't go in thinking you're going to have some real amazing service, you likely won't
4	Harvest has been the red head SC to the "other" restaurant down the street.  Why compare? Harvest has a clean balanced menu that has food fro everyone. Vegan, got ya covered, No red Meat, no problem. Eat red meat, multiple choices, Pasta, Chicken, Duck, Quack yes they have that on occasion. Although I don't imbibe, the people that I've gone there with have remarked that it's a VG wine list and priced affordably. If you like great food service with a great view and atmosphere all with reasonable prices you'd like this place I do.
3	Service is not too good.  Food is okay but not great.
5	I look forward to trying new restaurants when away from my East Coast hometown.   My meal at Harvest was something that I will not soon forget.  From the presentation of each course, to the ingredients, and the service, this is an establishment I would absolutely recommend.  A reservation had been made for us since we were a large party that required a private room and a prix fixe menu.  Our experience started off with simple introductions by the staff members along with an explanation of how our meal would proceed.  The staff that attended to our party did an outstanding job that complemented the dishes that they served us.  The arugula salad with pickled blueberries was something I will crave until my next trip to Madison. The salmon was a hit with our entire table and the desserts could only have been improved if you had served me one of each!  Our entire dining experience exceeded my expectations.  This is an annual dinner for a group that can be finicky eaters but they had nothing but words of praise for this farm to table cuisine.
4	After our Saturday evening plans for Fresco fell through, my husband and I were searching for a nicer restaurant for dinner.  We decided on Harvest and sat at a table outside.  The service was impeccable, but not pretentious or overbearing.  Our food was outstanding - I had a pasta dish, my husband had the chicken and we split the seasonal mushrooms  (incredible!!).  The portion sizes were just right and did I mention the food was outstanding??  I look forward to visiting again and trying some more of their offerings.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the lack of 'ambiance' in their outdoor area.
5	We visited Harvest for the first night of restaurant week, and we were so happy with our choice! We showed up about 15 minutes early for our reservation but were seated immediately, with our server stopping by right away as well. Throughout the night, the service was attentive and friendly despite our having a later reservation on what seemed to have been a busy night. We ordered cocktails to start, and while I can't remember their exact menu names, my husband's sidecar was crisp and well balanced, and my Door County cherry martini was dangerously delicious.As for the food, the appetizers we chose (the bacon-potato salad and the watermelon feta salad) were were great but not necessarily mind blowing. However, our entrees (the pork shoulder and braised beef short ribs) were perfectly cooked. The meat was well seasoned and tender. The beef portion was especially generous, but I still found myself eating every bite.  We were both a little too full to full enjoy our desserts- cherry lime sorbet and chocolate espresso pie- but what we did taste was divine as well. While due to pricing and convenience Harvest probably won't be one of our regular spots, it definitely earned a place at the top of our special occasion restaurant list!
4	I've heard that some restaurants try to hide the fact that they are participating in Restaurant Week by making the menu difficult to find, while others tend to treat Restaurant Week diners as second-class patrons. This wasn't at all the case at Harvest. In fact, it seemed like Restaurant Week was their main focus of the week.Why did I get this feeling? First, the set menus had already been placed on our table before we were seated, which was great! We didn't even have to ask. Second, the food was served REALLY quickly, so I'm guessing they had some sort of assembly line set up in the kitchen solely for the RW menu items. Honest to God, we barely had 2-3 minutes between courses to digest. It did feel a little rushed - I mean, I don't know of many restaurants that can serve a three course meal in under an hour - but then again, I was famished, so I didn't mind too much.I ordered the crispy bacon-potato salad, the braised beef shortribs, and the bourbon-rootbeer ice cream. Portions are small, but filling. The bacon-potato salad was nothing special - pretty much a light, palate cleanser for me. The shortrib entree was definitely the highlight of the meal. The meat was super flavorful and fell apart easily. I also tried my dad's pork shoulder and it was nice and stringy, just the way I like it! I guess that's what you get for a nice long overnight roast! As for the dessert, I couldn't taste the bourbon in the ice cream, but the sassafras definitely provided a nice kick. :9Harvest is a must-try during Restaurant Week!
5	I am Mad about Madtown!! homemade bread accompanies your meal - supa delish! I had a vegetarian meal and it was superb. My hubby did the hanger steak and was so happy w/ it - he is pretty fastidious so, happy he to see him beaming at me! Looking forward to our next visit and to see what seasonal offerings are to be had :)
3	My wife and I had a decent experience at this organic friendly restaurant in the heart of downtown Madison by the capitol.  I had the duck confit which was good but not great.  My wife had the salmon dish which was ok but overcooked.  I like the idea of using local products but now wowed by the restaurant.  We sat in their private room which was essentially an extension of the main restaurant.  We did a half bottle of wine of which they have a good selection.  Signature cocktails were also good.  Service was good as well.
4	I have been to Harvest twice now and both times I was very happy with my dinner.Every time, I happily ate appetizer, main and dessert, plus the delicious amouse bouche. I was happy with every thing every time.I also had pretty good wine all the time. And service was attentive and careful.The weak point is probably the space. On the capitol square there are some pretty awesome places and Harvest just feels a tiny bit outdated.
5	Great wine selection along with some dynamite craft cocktails.  Food was fresh and as good as advertised.  Had the seasonal mushrooms, hangar steak and apple salad. Highly recommend this white table cloth establishment that has no attitude and is a food first place. Service was exceptional as well.  Cheers!
2	I work in the service industry and I converse with many people daily. After hearing many opinions about Harvest, we decided to try it during restaurant week. The person I went with had been before and enjoyed it, so it was my first time...and I was hopeful. They were really busy, to be expected. But let me just say this, restaurant week is your chance to shine and impress people who are in town for business, new to town, or first timers in general. You should be at the top of your game. I'll cut to the chase...our waitress was SUPER awkward, our drinks we really good, my food (I had pork belly over jalapeno cornbread) was barely warm and stale..also lacked flavor, my partner's food (she had beef ribs) was hot but extremely salty. My dessert was a chocolate espresso thing that looked and tasted like a chocolate pudding snack pack. I'll give them a second shot someday maybe, but I'm not in a rush to do so, or recommend Harvest to anyone.
4	Harvest has been on my list of places to try for years, and this past restaurant week I finally got the chance.  We arrived right on time for our reservation and were seated promptly.  Because the two seating areas are separated, they retain an intimate atmosphere without feeling too cramped.  Sometimes the most challenging part of restaurant week - especially when trying someplace for the first time - is choosing just one option.  Our waiter was helpful in sharing suggestions when asked, both from the cocktail and dinner menus.  In the end my dining companion and I settled on splitting two entries since neither of us could narrow down our selection to one.  For the starter I had the roasted pumpkin soup.  While good, this was my least favorite of the three courses, as it was served lukewarm.  For dinner we split the braised beef short ribs and the thai coconut mussels.  The short ribs were simply amazing.  Cooked to tender perfection, the meat fell easily apart and practically melted in my mouth.  Compared to the rich flavors of the beef, the broth for the mussels felt bland and far from spicy.  The mussels themselves made up for whatever was lacking in the broth, though.  They were plump and juicy to the last, none overcooked or chewy.  The only other thing this dish needed was more bread for soaking up the broth.For dessert my friend chose the buttered popcorn ice cream which was an intriguing blend of salty and sweet.  I ordered the quince tart, which was a delicious cap to a solid meal.  The tart was heavily spiced and tasted like fall, with the cool creme chantilly rounding out the flavor.  Overall, Harvest made a great first impression.
4	Went for restaurant week. I would give 5 stars for the food. 3 for the service...so therefore averaging out to a 4.With their menu ever-changing it is hard to suggest a specific thing to get because the time you dine at the restaurant again it is no longer on the menu. What I will say they my whole entire 3 course meal was consistently great. Unlike my experience at another restaurant for restaurant week where I really only enjoyed the entree out of the 3 courses. I ate everything that was placed in front of me at Harvest. I had the salmon gravlax, braised pork, and quince tart. Everything tasted wonderful. I found the server and hostess to be a less welcoming than I expected and almost accusatory when there was a reservation misunderstanding.
4	This is a fantastic place to eat in Madison. It sits right across from the capitol. The service here is phenomenal. It's probably the best service you'll get outside of Chicago, in these parts.The food was great. It's not a 5-star menu, but it was all very good. We had the wurst platter, the gnocchi, the beat salad, and the New York strip, The steak was fantastic. The cocktails were done quite well. I had a drink I hadn't heard of before, and it was perfect before the meal.It's on the pricey side for sure, but for a nice time out, I do recommend it.
5	Pretty good!
5	Loved the food at this place. Highly recommended.  When in madison you've got to go. Period.
4	First time eating here. We went here on a Wednesday without a reservation and got right in. Waitress was great and efficient. We got are drinks right away. Ordered some appetizers as well as our entrees. With a great surprise and compliments of the chef we had a cream of corn or something along those lines which was delicious.  Then our entrees arrived and we were like ok I guess we won't be getting our appetizers. When our waitress came over to check on us she noticed we never received them so she brought them out anyway and we got them comped.  I had the scallops which are to die for and for my entree I got the steak of the day which was a hangar steak. OMG.......can I say delish!  I would definitely go back and recommend this restaurant. It's a bit on the upscale side with white table cloths and all but great restaurant to bring business partners or a date.
3	This was my first visit to Harvest. The food was very good...nice presentation, solid. My husband had the asparagus soup and the hangar steak entree. I had the asparagus soup, foie gras starter and scallop appetizer as my entree. Hostess/manager was very good and professional. Our server was a nice young man..seemed like a student, as all the servers did. I don't have a problem with this but for the price point, he needed polishing. He didn't know the wine list and admitted this, but served my husband a half bottle for $28 with a different name & didn't explain it. We had to ask and he said he thought it was weird too but apparently it's the same vineyard? All on all, decent experience, but the service didn't do the food justice.
2	Used to be a sure thing, but not anymore.  I went there with 3 others and have been to Harvest many times in the past, but not recently.  It's quite a departure from the stellar restaurant it used to be.  Cons:-92 minute (!!!!) wait from reservation time to meal arriving at our table.  yikes.-inattentive waiter, only checked on us once after getting us drinks.-had to ask host for bread since we were not offered any.-steak was way overcooked.  had asked for medium but it was well done.  potatoes were too crispy.  i think it had been sitting under a warming light too long.-host brushed me off with "it's a busy friday night" when i inquired about what i think is an unusually long wait for a meal.Pros:-pleasant outdoor seating arrangement.  -bread was warm and delicious when it did arrive.-waiter did apologize for the wait.-we were seated immediately.I won't be going back anytime soon.  It's not exactly the cheapest place in town, and I would think their service would be more efficient and food would be better prepared for the price.  There are many other better establishments from which to choose.
1	God, what happened to this place?Previous positive visits led me to try and book Harvest for a private dinner with friends. I contact the restaurant by phone--got a curt "This is a bad time to talk!" reply from the owner. "No big deal," I thought to myself. "It's Friday, it's probably busy.  Try again at a better time."Dear readers, that better time never came.Two emails and a phone call later, I finally managed to speak with someone. I booked the dinner and asked for a confirmation.  Nothing. Two weeks pass and I check in on said confirmation. Nothing. Another week passes and I decide to email to cancel.  Again, nothing. I FINALLY get that missing confirmation a month after I've cancelled.  Seriously.  I can't think of a time where I've had worse customer service.
2	Took a business group to Harvest last night.  I realize their committment to locally sourced ingredients means a variable supply, but our experience was extreme.  They did not have one fish dish listed on their menue.  They had only two of their steak special, and so could not accomodate orders from our group.  They had only three of their dessert special, so similar issue.  They could not provide one request for a diet Coke.  They ran out of straws for one person's drink.  This was not a big group.  The place wasnt overly busy.  They were just apparently not prepared to be open last night.  Disappointing.  Will not take clients there again.
5	The best restaurant in Madison. Everything was well prepared, the stuff was very attentive(special thanks to Robbie). All dishes were executed very well. We had scallops, trout, chicken and mackeral. The pot de creme dessert was one of the best I've ever had, the amount of sweetness and spice was balanced very well.The only down side is that the host didn't get a special request with our reservation. Not a big deal though.
2	We had our wedding reception here 5 years ago and it was simply amazing. We decided to come back last night for our anniversary dinner, and left disappointed.In scrolling through the reviews now, I realize that the place has had the same issues for years, which speaks to a management issue more than anything else. We had an 8:00 reservation. Our waiter was kind and attentive, and the restaurant extremely busy, but they were out of all four menu items that we wanted. Oooookay, guess I'll have the chicken.... My husband had the pork tenderloin.Here's where the experience gets very aggravating. We waited an hour for even our appetizer to show up. This was after my husband sternly asked the waiter what was going on. The couple at the table next to us was half done with their entrees by this time and they were seated at least 15 minutes after us. The waiter said it was the kitchen's fault and offered us a free dessert. Fine. The appetizer showed up shortly thereafter. Another 20 minutes later, our entrees and sides showed up - mixed greens and pomme frites. The food was flavorful and would have been more so if the food was warm... It was barely warm and we were so hungry by this time that it we couldn't handle sending it back.I had the truffles and my husband had some  sort of chocolate mousse for dessert. My truffles were nice, his mousse was very heavy and rich. While we were finishing up, I overheard the waiter at the table behind us explaining that the kitchen was busy and sorry for the trouble, here is a free dessert.At the end of the night, we ended up getting our appetizer, dessert, a glass of wine, a glass of beer, and decaf coffee for free, without asking. I don't mind paying an arm and a leg for superb food and service. Harvest does not live up to its price point at this time.
5	Best restaurant in Madison. Started w a unique aperitif (what's that) followed by awesome scallop starter and excellent red snapper & salmon entree. Could "feel" the localness and the attention. Kate was very attentive
5	Harvest is wonderful...actually one of my "go to" places in Madison for a night of enjoyable food.  Cannot go wrong with anything here.
4	A very classy place with excellent food. The problem is that the portions are small and a bit pricey. But if you are like me and want to see how the other half lives I would recommend this place. The staff was very helpful and got me through the wine selection. Overall for two people, main dish only and a half bottle I dropped $100 plus a hefty tip. But my girlfriend loved it and thought it was a romantic date so I guess my goal was achieved.
