5	Definitely one of the coolest places to study in Pittsburgh. It's open to the general public and you could walk around the third floor and first floor to see all viewpoints of the beautiful neo-gothic architecture.  The cathedral is very special in that it has 26 classrooms known as the Nationality Rooms.  Each room has a theme depending on the country it represents, such as China, Germany, Lithuania, and Japan.
5	Probably one of the most interesting university buildings in the US and certainly the tallest (supposed surpassed only by the University of Moscow).  Nationality rooms are exquisite.  Visit the beautiful Heinz Chapel nearby, as well.
5	This is a must-see if you are visiting Pittsburgh. The architecture inside is amazing, and in the winter time they even light the huge fireplaces on the first floor. Give yourself some time to check out all of the Nationality Rooms as well. Pitt has a wireless network in the building, so a lot of students hide away and study there (or just procrastinate by web surfing). Secret tip - take the elevators to the 35th/36th floor - the view is fantastic!
5	A beautiful building that in and of itself is worth visiting but the Nationality Rooms make it even better. For only $3 you get a key to all the rooms on the first floor, those on the 3rd floor are free. My favorite rooms were the Romanian and English rooms but all are worth the visit. I was amazed by how each country was so involved in the creation of their room, even sending over their own architects, artisans and historians to make it accurate and representative. I loved it. So amazing. Definitely leave about three hours to do it properly.
4	The Nationality Rooms are a must-see.  I especially enjoy them during December, when the holiday decorations are up.  In addition to the gorgeous artifacts and decorations of each room, traditional holiday decorations are featured with an information sheet detailing the holiday traditions of the country.The attention to detail in all of these rooms is truly amazing.  Each country commissions top artisans to create everything from the light-switch plates to the radiator covers and murals.  They range from the ornate Austrian room to the more minimalist Japanese room, with plans for more on the way.  Small kids might not have the attention span to handle all the rooms, but teenagers and older would probably enjoy it.  Keep in mind, it is HOT in the winter - leave your coat in the car.  Also allow about 2-2.5 hours if you want to really explore every detail of the room, but you can probably get through them faster if you want.  (The guided tours take 90 minutes.)If you visit during the week, there is a coffee shop, a sushi bar, and a Chil-Fil-A in the basement.  Meters available on Bigelow and Bellefield, around the Schenley Quad, and on Roberto Clemente Dr.
4	WoW. This place is amazing! I couldn't believe it! We trekked it all the way to the top of the 36th floor to take in the views. Then we raced down all the stairwells before finding and marveling at the Nationality Rooms. Big one star loss here: they closed the rooms before the printed closing time. I was heartbroken (literally, so sad) when we couldn't see the 2nd half of the functioning classrooms because the doors were locked. I'll have to return to Pittsburgh just to see the rooms I missed. My favorite on the 2nd floor was the Armenian room. So cool. I loved reading about the architectural design of each room.  Each has a whole design concept down to the seats that explain the design style chosen and, in some cases, the culture and heritage. Most rooms go so far as to have a unique door.We didn't take the listening tour, though in each room there is an option to play a recording which will tell you far more than the brief write up for each room. Also, the main hall is a library-looking room that is 100x200x52 feet. It's pretty awe-inspiring as well. Think European Cathedral big. Seriously, go here. Spend the afternoon trying out different nationalities' classrooms. You'll love it.
4	I still can't believe that this place is "just a university building".  From the high cathedral arches to the amazing views to the nationality rooms, it's stunning.  The night we went there was some kind of dog show going on, as in people brought their dogs and everyone was walking around petting them.
4	This University of Pittsburgh building is one of the tallest and prettiest college buildings I ever seen. I really enjoyed the architecture and decor while we walked around. Very gothic. We went around 10 pm, so lots of students were studying. I saw one student laid out on one of the benches taking a nap. We took an elevator to the 36th floor and had a great view the city of Pittsburgh at night. We didn't get the chance to check out the nationality rooms because they were closed.One of my coworkers told me that students and locals call this place, "The Tower of Ignorance". LOL
5	I was in Pittsburgh for a meeting and didn't have much time to see anything. This was the only place I saw and was really glad that it was the one thing I really experienced. The tour of the nationality rooms is only 3 bucks. You get a cassette machine with the audio tour recording and each person starts in a different room so that it's unlikely that you'll be in the same room as another tourist. However, this doesn't always work out. If you have headphones, it's a good idea to bring them so that you can listen to the audio recording while someone else is lingering in the room.This is a highly recommended place to see. It's cheap and a great way to spend an afternoon. Like another reviewer said, take the elevator to the 36th floor and check out the view. However, you need to find the elevator because some of them only go to the 3rd floor.
5	Not only a Pittsburgh landmark, but one of the most unique and original academic buildings in the world, and a national treasure, on the national register of historic places.  I took Slavic language courses here and every day would study in the main hall and walk wander through the various nationality rooms.  The view at the top is spectacular and during weekdays there is a decent cafe on the basement floor.  For some trivia, this is the world's second tallest academic building in current use, second to the Moscow State University wedding-cake tiered building.  The only reason Moscow State is taller is because it was constructed shortly after by the Communist government and they put an unoccupied metal pole to claim the title.I've been in both buildings, and the Cathedral of Learning is far cooler.Here's some more trivia (or mythology): the cathedral was the inspiration for the final scene in the 1989 movie Batman with Jack Nicholson and Michael Keaton.  The one you see in the movie is a mockup, but according to Hollywood lore, Keaton, a Pittsburgh native suggested the cathedral as a model and the final scene.  It's also featured in the movie Wonder Boys with Michael Douglas.
5	Unique, Historic, Timeless, Immaculate, Functional...those are just some of the words that come to mind when I think about the Cathedral of Learning.  From the hollowed interior to the 41 (and counting) National Rooms there is a ton to see here and at only $3 a person  (really, you could just have one person go rent the box and everyone just tag along) it is an absolute bargain.There is a reason this place is on the National Register of Historic Places - go see why.
4	A really unique building, especially an educational building!PROS: The Nationality Rooms that surround the first floor.There are 27 Nationality Rooms:  25 are actual classrooms and the remaining 2 are sort of "behind the ropes".  You can look in, but you can't go in.The Great Common Room (the center/first floor area of the building) is amazing if you look up.  The architecture is just so fascinating that it's really cool that its a functioning building that is used by the students!I spend many hours while @ school in this building.Computer Labs, Theater & Cafeteria/Food/Coffee Cafe on the basement levelCONS:  Can (and does) get quite crowded during the peak school season (obviously).The computer lab is impossible during the school season, bring your laptop and use the school's new Wireless Printing option  ;)TIPS:  If you need a quiet place to study, just walk around the various rooms/floors... you'll find a nook eventually that is perfect and quiet!That window on that one top floor is no longer left open, so you can't sneak up and out anymore    ;P
5	What an interesting way to spend the afternoon!  On a recent visit to the city of Pittsburgh, I searched for inexpensive, yet fun ways to experience the city. The cathedral was an amazing find!Located on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh, the art deco building stretches to the sky. At first sight I must admit that I doubted we'd find much of interest in this modern-looking skyscraper to occupy our time. Upon entering, I found out just how wrong I was!  Arched, stone, cathedral ceilings soar overhead while you stand next to gargoyles perched nearby or tucked away into stone-carved alcoves. There is also an intricately detailed, phenomenal iron gate leading to the elevators. "Vast" does not even begin to describe this use of space. I would have been content to be amazed by this awesome space, but in the late 1920's, they started assigning rooms to certain cultures and commissioning artisans to renovate the rooms in that particular style. The end product is like stepping into another nation over and over again. Examples? The clear Austrian crystal used in the chandelier of the Austrian room, the peaceful blue of the Welsch, the rich, red, velvet fabrics of the French room or the intricate, mother-of-pearl inlaid wood in the Syrian room. A couple of dollars each will purchase a key to enter the locked rooms, and for a few dollars more, a cassette recorder can be rented to take to each room, providing a brief history of the room and the materials used.  Definitely adds a bonus of information to the experience!
5	The Cathedral of Learning is a must-see place to visit in Pittsburgh.  Be sure to go there when classes are not in session such as on the weekend, as several departments do indeed have classes here.    It is a part of the University of Pittsburgh and the tallest education building in the Western Hemisphere, and stands far above nearby buildings, offering great views of the city.  You can take the elevator up the the 36th floor and see great views of University of Pittsburgh, Carnegie Mellon, and Schenley Park.  You can go up to this floor pretty much any time!  It seems like some exercisers like jogging up to this floor in the winter for exercise.    The gothic architecture of the Commons Room on the first floor is beautiful.  It indeed appears like a cathedral.  My family loved visiting the Nationality Rooms (there are 27 of them).  These rooms are on the first and third floors including a wide variety of countries such as Austria, China, India, Ukraine, Germany, France, England, etc...    The rooms are amazing--featuring architecture, art, ornaments, and decorations from that country.  Classes are actually held in these gorgeous rooms.  I would say this and the inclines are the best sightseeing places to visit in Pittsburgh.HOLIDAY NOTE:  on the first Sunday of December every year, in the early afternoon, they have an Open House!  Some of the features        -  the Nationality Rooms are decorated in holiday decorations         - guides stand in the Nationality rooms offering descriptions        - dance performances from a variety of cultures in the first floor        - tables setup featuring many different ethnic dishes; we tried some of the Iranian Osh soupCheck out my pictures!  It was an awesome time, and highly recommended.
5	Simply amazing!!!  This is by far the most beautiful college building I've ever seen!  I really don't think that anything could compare!  As a Pitt alum, I loved having classes in this building and exploring all of the nationality rooms.  Each one is so beautiful and so unique.As others have said, it's great to take a tour of the nationality rooms.  Don't miss out on going up to the top floor because the view is amazing!My favorite time to visit the Cathedral is during the holidays.  Usually on the first Sunday in December they have a big holiday open house.  The commons area and all of the nationality rooms are all decorated for Christmas and it is simply beautiful!  On top of that, you can go around to all of the nationality rooms and learn about the holiday traditions of each country.  They even sell food and gifts from all of the different countries.  You can't miss it!If you've never been to the Cathedral, you really don't know what you're missing!!
5	For out-of-towners and as well as new students, I always sway them in the direction of the Cathedral. It is a gorgeous as well as functional academic building with lots of gothic architecture, vaulted ceilings, stone,  and gargoyles :). The nationality rooms are also a treat, and everyone of them displays a part of the country's culture. I particularly love the Czech, Syrian, and German rooms. I've heard from actual students that have had classes in them that some rooms are more comfortable than others. They have uncomfortable seating (wooden chairs with no padding), so I can see why this would be a problem if you had sat in one for more than 30 min. Also, don't miss checking out the top floor. It has the best views of the Oakland/East End and the river!
5	What an amazing facility. If you are ever in Pittsburgh the Cathedral of Learning is a must see. Walk in awe as you travel the different floors via the elevators. The views from some of the floors are unparalleled. The history and beauty of this treasure will definitely make your trip to the Pitt campus a special one. Be sure to also check out the Hines Chapel right next door.
5	One of the most iconic academic buildings in the world. The Cathedrial of Learning is a source of pride, one of the tallest acedemic buildings in the world and the crowning jewel of the most beautiful campuses in this country.The classrooms of the world is only one of the features. Here you'll see classrooms from China, Russia, Mexico, America and many others. Incoming freshman at Pitt, Duquesne, Carnegie-Mellon and touristsshould put this amazing, neo-gothic building on their places to see list.
3	I'm a grad student at Pitt and I work in the cathedral as well. Waiting 15-20 minutes or walking 5 floors down to still wait 10 minutes for an elevator is SUPER annoying! Lunch time is the absolute worst time to try and catch a elevator! I read comments about how beautiful and amazing the cathedral is and I just don't see it. I traveled to several different countries and I lived in a number of places in the US... I'm sorry but a tall building in freaking PITTSBURGH lol is not impressive.
5	Child of light and bride of truth
4	I went to school at Pitt and this one the best building on campus.  Had areas to study and also had the many floors of classrooms inside of it.  I can tell you from floor G to floor 23 there are 503 steps.  The only annoying thing is if you have classes back to back on campus and the second on is on a high floor of the cathedral like mine was, be prepared to be late for every class.
5	For my first review as official Pittsburgh CM I'm going to tell you all a funny story...I didn't attend Pitt but I have been in this building a handful of times.  We (as in Burghers) and Pitt students are so lucky to have this beautiful historical landmark in our fair city.  As soon as you step in you're just blown away by the architecture of this place.  I appreciate modern buildings, but you just feel like there's so much history packed into these kinds of spaces.  If you're a Pittsburgher and haven't come to check the Cathedral out, you really should take a walk around.  I'm sure if you're a Pitt student you may feel as if you should set up a cot in one of the rooms you've been there so much.  Either way, it's still pretty to look at!  Even if you're daydreaming in class.OK, now funny story time....I was riding the Mon Incline back home one day and was stuck on it with some tourists (happens a lot in the summer).  This woman was pointing out landmarks for her friends/family.  She turned towards Oakland and said, "that's the Cathedral of Learning."  She was pointing directly towards a radio tower.  I know I was rude, but I couldn't let her be so wrong.  So I said, "actually the Cathedral is a little more to the right."  I wanted to say, "to the right of that radio tower" but I held myself back for fear of going over the edge of rudeness.  In my heart I just felt like she was doing a tour guide disservice to her captive audience.  I know I was probably just being rude.  Anyway, find a knowledgeable tour guide or Pitt student and head over to the Cathedral, it's better than a visit to a radio tower!
5	If your into architecture like me, you should really make the Cathedral of Learning Tower a destination. Not only is this one of the finest, and tallest Gothic buildings in the U.S., but each of it's classrooms display a different architectural style from around the World. What impressed me the most was the magnificent multi level space on the first floor that not only had beautiful vaulted ceilings but they were made of stone. Since I've studied Architecture, and it is my topic I can tell you that this appears to be an extremely authentic Gothic interior and is very identical to the grand Cathedrals in Europe. Another cool thing about the Cathedral of Learning, is that it is located in one of the most gorgeous places I've seen anywhere. You can get a real nice view of the area from the 36th floor of the Tower (see my photos).From here you can see many of the gorgeous mountains that the city is sculpted into as well as some of the neat buildings and neighborhoods in the area. There is also an outdoor observation deck but unfortuantely that is usually not open to the public, can't figure out why. On my first visit here I lucked out because the Tower was being restored so I was able to sneak out on it, man was that something. Don't bypass Pittsburgh it's an amazing City.
5	This is a must see if you are coming to Pittsburgh for the first time.You get a chance to see Gothic architecture from the ground up. On the third floor is a view of the Gothic ceilings...amazing.Each of the classrooms (actually, small "seminar" rooms) is decorated according to the culture it represents. I was especially drawn to the German, Polish, and African rooms. It was a hot day and not all the rooms are air conditioned so factor that in when you go. (also, no food or drink is allowed.)There are recorded messages in most rooms that told about the history behind each of the designs.Nothing else like it.
5	The 5 stars are for visiting the Cathedral as a tourist.  I've brought two friends from Memphis to visit Pittsburgh on separate occasions.  Each time, I thought I'd just point out the Cathedral since I'm a Pitt alumna and it's pretty and I had classes in there blah blah.  Each time, the friend wanted to look inside...And suddenly we're paying the $3 to take the tour of the Nationality Rooms.  And they LOVED it.  I was a little shocked by how much out-of-towners loved this building and the audio tour, but they did.  Even my parents and grandma--all locals--insisted upon a mini-tour when I graduated.  The first thing all tourists say upon entering is "it looks like Hogwarts!"  The Gothic architecture is gorgeous, and details put into the rooms are stunning.  If you can, take a guided tour to see the Early American Room, which has a secret staircase leading to a secret room and supposedly is haunted. Tourtists: Go up to the Honors College on the 35/36 floors for panoramic views of the city.  These are the highest floors common folk are allowed to go to, though there are 42 floors total. As a note to be totally fair:  As a student, I'd give the building 3-stars.  The elevators are pretty fast--if you can get one.  Because most people are unwilling to walk up a few flights, I regularly waited 10-15 minutes to catch a car to the 30th floor and above.  The Nationality Rooms are incredibly beautiful; however, many of these rooms have seats, but no desktops.  Or the seats are benches.  Not practical for holding a class.  There is an absolutely no food or drink policy, and a 3-hour class without water can be as painful as sitting in a backless chair for that long.  I only had one professor who loved being in the Hungarian Room so much that he incorporated nonsensical Hungarian themes into his lectures.  Every other time, the professor put in a room change request and we moved a regular room.
5	Nationality RoomsI love taking visitors to the Nationality Rooms at the Cathedral of Learning.  There is something unique about each of the 27 rooms, and it's something that no other city has.  My favorite is the Early American Room, although I don't think you can do anything other than look through the window at this room.  There's a secret room in the Early American Room...used for hiding on the frontier.  But there other other amazing rooms to see as well.  The best day to tour the rooms is on Sunday, but make sure you call ahead to find out the hours and availability.  They decorate some of the rooms for Christmas, so that's a good season to visit the rooms.
5	A stunning building even if as a Pitt student/staff/faculty you forget the beauty and only complain about the elevators, crappy heating system, or moldly smells. Some interesting tips: 1) The first Sunday in December is the Nationality Rooms Open House. Each ethnic classroom has a guide in "traditional dress" who does the tour talk, and the whole Commons Room is filled with booths from all the ethnicity commmittees selling food, crafts, and awesome stuff like dance and music performances. BRING CASH (there's a PNC ATM on the G floor). Runs from 12-4 PM, parking will suck but it's worth it.2) Commons Room trivia: the ceilings are not made of stone, it's acoustic tile painted to look like the rest of the stonework. Some of the giant columns are hollow and have ladders going down them - dusty as hell, but one of the weirdest experiences I've ever had as an undergrad.3) There are nesting falcons (famous in Pittsburgh) near the top - Pitt has a webcam where you can watch them when they lay eggs and the chicks are born each year.4) If you call the Nationality Rooms in advance (see their website), you can book a tour with a live human being which is usually more interesting than the tape tour. Might be a minimum number of people, though.5) Check out Heinz Chapel, right behind the Cathedral - it is seriously stunning (glowing blue stained glass in a dark, huge room), and on Sunday nights the choir does free concerts, and you can pick up a schedule of organ recitals and other events. Great if you are staying at a nearby hotel and wondering what to do at 8 PM on a Sunday.6) On Tuesday nights at 7 PM, a local group brings therapy dogs to hang out in the Commons Room so that students can get some stress relief. If you show up, you might be able to get some quality dog time in too if you're missing your pets!
5	The Cathedral of Learning...The Nationality Rooms.Really a must see for those interested in architecture and art.  The rooms are designed and decorated in traditional styles for the nationality they are named after.  Some great intricate work and design.   The Cathedral's first floor is awesome with the Gothic  architecture.  Around the Christmas holidays they have tours and usually the first weekend in Decmeber they have an open house that include Holiday decorated rooms, traditional Holiday traditions, feasting on ethnic foods, craft demos and guides to the 27 rooms.  Taped tours are available the rest of the year.  Another fun place to take visitors.  If you would like to learn more just Google University of Pittsburgh Nationality Rooms.
5	If you can find an empty stairwell (which is not difficult) try doing stair runs! Your legs will cry, but the view will be worth it!
4	This is an absolutely stunning building. I highly recommend a visit and if you're a nerd like me, take the tour of the Nationality Rooms. There are some 20-something rooms outfitted in the style of one of the nationalities that helped to build the city of Pittsburgh. Be careful and check the tour times before you go.
5	From the first time I checked out Visitpittsburgh.com, I knew I wanted to see the Cathedral of Learning.  I love architecture, history and culture so to visit a place that combined all three was going to be thrilling!  The Cathedral of Learning itself was interesting architecturally.  It is one of the tallest classroom buildings in the world and the descriptions show stunning features similar to the late Gothic revival style.  It also contains the Nationality Rooms.  The Nationality Rooms are classrooms designed to represent the culture of various ethnic groups that settled in Allegheny County.  What made them a must see this trip was the fact that each would be decorated according to the Christmas/holiday traditions of that culture.  When we pulled open the doors and ventured into the building, I quickly saw why the building was called "Cathedral."  I felt as if I had been transported to one of the grand cathedrals of Europe.When we checked in for the tour, I was a bit surprised at the "technology" that they offered.  In today's day of podcasts, iPods and digital everything, we were handed a cassette player circa 1990.  That just added to the entertainment factor of the morning as we raced to make sure we pressed 'stop' at the appropriate time in each room.  For $3, you receive a map of the rooms, the key that gets you in to all of the rooms and the audio cassette tour.  As we unlocked and opened each door, I never failed to gasp in awe and say "wow, that is amazing" or "how incredibly beautiful."  It was interesting to learn about the culture of each country and even more incredible to see the traditional holiday customs on display.  Each room had a sheet that described the holiday decor and the traditions that went along with it.  It was fun to test our knowledge of certain cultures and customs and learn more about those that we were not familiar with.  Room after room I was impressed with the attention to detail and uniqueness of each space.  Dramatic colors, stained glass windows, student and professor chairs, paintings and murals and even blackboards all tied back into the theme and time period of the room.  In about two hours, we had travelled around the world without even leaving Pittsburgh!  We visited Czechoslovakia, Italy, Germany, Hungary, Poland, Ireland, Lithuania, Romania, Sweden, China, Greece, Scotland, Yugoslavia, England, France, Russia and Syria/Lebanon.  Unfortunately, due to time constraints (and the amount we had put in the parking meter) we didn't have time to visit the third floor classrooms of Austria, Japan, Armenia, India, Africa, Israel or the Ukraine.  It was a bit disappointing to not see it all, but at the same time, I am excited to go back and experience the rooms all over again - this time bringing my camera.  To cap off the experience, there is a gift shop that features items that originate from many of the countries featured in the classrooms.
5	This experience of the Nationality Rooms is so unique it can't be beat. First the basics. $4 for the audio guide and a map. If you want to do it free try the 3rd floor first. The 3rd flr rooms were all unlocked and the audio is in the room (the little silver switch on the light switch panel). On the lower level there are more rooms however some were closed for refurbishment this weekend including the English one I really wanted to see. There are only two you must view through glass (Early American on the 3rd floor which I'm sure everyone has seen up close before anyways and the Syrian room on the lower level). All the others you can go in and sit down. The audio guide was nice and spoke at a normal pace but to speed it up if you only want to know about a certain piece of the room look for the framed picture on the wall describing the room's features. I recommend a visit. Saturday was nice as it wasn't to busy and I was usually the only person in the room which is nice because you can start and rewind the audio as you want to. The downside to Saturday is you can't view Heinz Chapel as its usually reserved for weddings. I parked in the garage on 5th by the Soldiers and Sailors building. This is a cash only garage.
5	Make sure a tour will be available when you go, otherwise you won't be able to enter the nationality rooms (especially on the weekend).  This is an amazing space.  I can't imagine being able to stroll here to do my studying!  I was totally enchanted.
5	Such a beautiful building!
3	I'm not very well traveled outside the US, but I've been to Epcot a butt-load of times and while I know I'm probably going to be crucified for this (too soon?), I thought the Cathedral of Learning was SO 1497. It's a church that's now used by the university for classes and inside, it looks like most historic churches do, but sub the preaching with individualized classrooms dedicated to different nationalities. I knew it wasn't going to be Epcot but I was expecting more than it was. Sure, it's a free attraction- but parking in this area is a b*tch and it really wasn't worth the garage fee. I would have rather paid double to go to a different more lively attraction in the 'arn' city.I should mention that we did happen in on a day where there appeared to be some sort of festival going on where children danced folk dances in costumes and old people sold home-made ethnic food off folding tables and mini paper plates. It looked like a festival my 5th grade class put on, and the smell once inside (courtesy of all those food "vendors") brought on a some major morning sickness-style nausea. How is it that Pennsylvania has some crazy strict Amish liquor laws, yet nothing regulating what was surely 100 different kinds of health code violations? If anything, they should be encouraging the booze to kill off any kind of bacterial infection that could be brewing. As for the rooms, I guess it's a neat idea for school, but as a tourist site I thought it was pretty boring and that the rooms on the first and second floor look kind of all look the same. Sure, that architecture is really something, but isn't Pittsburgh pretty chock full of old churches and ish? Is this one really all that remarkable in comparison? I know it's pretty tall, but personally, I feel like I wasted my last moments in Pittsburgh checking out this pretty predictable sight when I could have done something a little more fruitful. You can stone, smite and shun me, but for anyone else looking for a little more excitement while finding their enlightened self on a tourist time budget, maybe just Google the rooms and spend your precious minutes elsewhere.
5	Candice said, "It's a church that's now used by the university for classes and inside, it looks like most historic churches do, but sub the preaching with individualized classrooms dedicated to different nationalities."Candice, you don't have a clue.  The Cathedral of Learning was never a church.  The 40 story Gothic building was designed and constructed as a building  for classes and offices.   The nationality rooms are there to highlight the ethic mix that makes up Pittsburgh but are only a small part of the Cathedral.
4	Something neat to see in the Pitt.  We took the audio tour.  Never ran into other people taking it and all the rooms were available.  The audio comments start to get long and feels repetitive after a while.  Kinda quiet on the audio, but when you're in the room alone it's fine.  It's a really cool building and the architecture is amazing.   Note you can see the third floor rooms without paying - they're all open and the audio is built in to the room.
3	The Great Cathedral of Learning.Sorry, not impressed. I guess I'm just jaded to the gothic style cathedral because I have to take classes here almost everyday.  Also, after the 3rd floor it's basically office building style rooms so there's nothing to fawn over. The elevators take forever so I just walk up the several flights of stairs to my classes or to my professors office hours. I think I appreciated it at first but after a while school bogged me down and now I associate bitter feelings with the cathedral.
5	How can anyone dislike the Cathedral of Learning, Pittsburgh's very own piece of Hogwarts?Actually, I can think of at least one thing to dislike about the Cathedral, but first, the pros! The Cathedral is pretty much the "center" of Oakland and is what everything thinks of when they think of the University of Pittsburgh. This 42-story Late Gothic Revival Cathedral is the tallest educational building in the Western hemisphere and the second tallest university building (and only because another school cheated and put an antennae on the top of theirs. Seriously.). Not only is it an operating hub of the university - lots of classes are held here, professors have offices here, and there are computer labs and a cafe in the Cathedral's lower level - but it's a tourist stop and a part of the local historic scene.Stop on in during their open hours and you can take tours of the Nationality Rooms, which represent multiple heritages and cultures from across the globe. Just...here's the thing, guys, we know this is a tourist spot, but as a former student I'm begging you to try to visit during the summer or on the weekends. Students hate people peeking in with their cameras when they're trying to take a test. Trust me.Oh, and if you think that there's nothing to do here after hours when the visitor center shuts down, guess again! There's actually a therapy dog group that visits on Tuesday evenings - open to the public - and there's a student improv show on Friday nights, as well as several other evening theater events that take place throughout the year. It's kind of impressive just how much happens in here.The single con I alluded to earlier is the AWFUL thermostat or lack thereof in this building. Wear layers in here, because depending on where you stand you'll be sweating one minute and freezing the next. Oh, and while we're talking about discomfort: tourists, you may think those chairs in the Nationality Rooms are adorable, but trust me - they are the worst places to sit during 90 minute classes.If you haven't been here yet, definitely check it out. And Hail to Pitt!
5	You have to go and see the rooms each room has a different theme from Japanese to Yugoslavian to Russian to the early American--- Which is said to be a haunted
1	Disliked the rooms. Not impressed
5	I'm embarrassed to say that this was my first visit to this wonderful, outstanding building. How lucky are we that this is in Pittsburgh? We toured the nationality rooms and I truly enjoyed every second of it. My only complaint is that I cannot move in. :)
5	What a cool place!  We really didn't spend a lot of time here but for about an hour we explored as much as we could.  If I were a student at Pitt, this is where I would hang out.  It is literally a Cathedral of Learning.  I know it doesn't sound super exciting, but you have to check this place out.  DJ's review is solid and covers all the details about themes, architecture, etc. The Heinz Memorial Chapel & the Stephen Foster Memorial are really cool as well and they are right there.  Do it all if you have time!
5	Unbelievable architecture & history , it was like a small trip around the world.AND FOR LESS THAN 5 BUCKS!Why wouldn't you go?
5	I can't add much more in my review that dozens of other Yelpers haven't already said here. This is the quintessential Oakland (and possibly the entire city of Pittsburgh's) monument. Beautifully located in the heart of Oakland and the University of Pittsburgh, it's like the North Star of the city- particularly because I work on the same block. You can see it standing tall in the sky from many parts of the city, and if you follow it you will always find your way home (or for me, work. Does this analogy really work? I don't know, but I like it.). It's quite possibly the attraction at the top of the list for any visitor traveling to Pittsburgh.  Beautifully crafted from the inside out, a stroll around the ground floor with peaks into each unique room is a requirement- almost as much of a requirement as a trip up the elevator to the top. When I took my first trip to the top to catch a glimpse of the entire city during my interview weekend here, I knew I had to move to Pittsburgh.
4	Once you visit this place, you will probably not go back. Apparently, university students actually have classes here, and on weekends visitors are charged to check out the "international rooms". in the beginning, the first few rooms are intriguing, but after awhile, they become dull. If you're within proximity, i'd recommend you check it out. You'll need to pay to get a key to unlock each of the international rooms on the first floor. All the rooms on the 2nd floor are free to peruse.
5	The Cathedral of Learning and the Nationality Rooms are like the Epcot of higher eduction. A mini trip around the world. Actual classrooms at Pitt. Each room is decorated as a different country. There are 29 rooms currently with 8 more in the offing. The rooms are rich in detail with exquisite craftsmanship. Each room with it's own charm. Great architecture and great history.
5	This is seriously one of the coolest places I've been to. I would live in this building if I could. I was really into this tour, and my friends all seemed to be as well. Also, the main area looks like it could be the Great Hall from Hogwarts.It's inexpensive, beautiful, educational, intriguing, etc.  Check it out!
5	I thought it was just a catheral as usual, but it turned out to be a place for learning! I enjoy visiting this place so much that I almost fall in love with the city. It has very nice study areas and scholars could easily switch into the study mode. Almost want to go to school there just because of this cool building!
5	The Cathedral of Learning is perfect. Maybe I am a little biased because I went to Pitt for my undergraduate degree, am currently enrolled as a graduate student for Pitt as well and have lived in Pittsburgh all of my life... But regardless, I love it. The building is gorgeous and is often referred to as Hogwarts- for Pitt students anyway :). The nationality rooms are awesome and so unique! I love taking a look in them and checking out the art and all of the work in general, that has been put into them! There's a secret attic in the American room and I was lucky enough to explore it when I was taking one of my classes as an undergrad. The Cathedral is perfect to study in. Tons of spaces with quiet areas as well as areas for groups to meet. The view from the top is incredible as well! The Cathedral of Learning is a Pittsburgh landmark and is the heart and soul of The University of Pittsburgh.
5	The Cathedral of Learning, what can I say that hasn't been said about this place.  Yes, it's beautiful; no one can deny that, especially since they finally gave it a bath after nearly 60 years after its construction completed.  Is it tall?  Of course.  It is the second tallest university building in the world (damn you Russia).  We all know it is a diversified building with all the Nationality rooms (29 at present count).  Plus, people kind of refer to it as Hogwarts at times.What you may not know, don't go all the way up to the highest floor you can.  It's quite awesome to go up and take in the view of Oakland and in the distance Downtown.  But don't try a door that quite possibly may be connected to the fire alarm system...IT WILL NOT OPEN!  Also, it may set off the fire alarm and then you are demanded by overhead speaker to evacuate the building...by stairs.  Do you know what it feels like to walk down 39 flights of awkward stairs?  It's not fun, not fun at all.  What the kicker is, as my family and I reached the bottom of the stairs, the fire alarm was finally cleared.  I kid you not, my foot just hit the floor after the last step, and it was cleared.Never again Cathedral, NEVER!  But I still love you, you are beautiful and don't listen to what some of the foreign exchange student refer to you as.
5	Right now the Cathedral is decorated for the holiday. It is so beautiful. The trees, the lights, the beauty of the holidays, all in one area. Just walk into the lobby to see the sights, you will not be disappointed.
5	The Cathedral of Learning is part of the University of Pittsburgh campus. They are known for their nationality rooms which also double as classrooms.  Currently there are 27 on display on both the first and third floors with 5 more to be added.During the holiday season they decorate many of the rooms to depict the holiday it celebrates and how it is done. Each room in itself is full of history and you feel like you are actually stepping into a piece of that country.Paid guided tours are available on the first floor only. I was part of a group that went on the the first floor tour and found it very interesting. It is lengthy so if you plan to take a first floor tour make sure to allow extra time for it.The third floor sometimes will have a student guide but for the most part you will press a button in the room and it will give you a description of it's contents.The Cathedral of Learning is located in Oakland and my suggestion would be to go during semester breaks. It is adjacent to Heinz chapel. Parking and driving can be a bit of a hassle when school is in session since there are many students all over. To catch the holiday touch go during the last two weeks of Dec. Otherwise go between May and Aug when the campus is on summer break.I was very impressed to learn how the holidays are celebrated in different countries and is well worth the visit.
4	I felt so much nostalgia this weekend when I was doing what seemed to be an impromptu tour of all of the Oakland haunts from my college days, and the cathedral probably brought back some of the fonder memories I have had academically at Pitt. Most of my freshman year classes were in the Cathedral as were several of my upper level courses. The particular reason for this visit to the Cathedral was to view the nationality rooms. I had never really viewed them before (except when I had class in the Israeli room one semester during the holiday season) so I was eager to see them since I have heard many positive things. Honestly, I thought the rooms would be more decorated for the holiday season than they were. Each room had a little tree in it and usually a manger scene but there was not a whole lot except just reading material about how Christmas is celebrated in that country. Now the main room in the Cathedral, was beautifully decorated with trees with white lights. It was the last day of finals so there were plenty of students still taking advantage of all the hidden places in the Cathedral to study. The rooms are on the 1st and 3rd floors, some were locked, which we later found out was because there is an "official" tour and they give you keys on that so you can unlock all of the doors. Of course it costs money, but I think it's pretty minimal and everyone I saw doing the official tour seemed to enjoy it.
