3	A winery may be most unexpected in the Arizona desert. Still, the Kokopelli Winery has received 21 awards and international recognition. Being a teetotaler, I can't vouch for the wines myself, but as a foodie I can address the non-alcoholic choices at Kokopelli's:On the downside, the limited menu consists mostly of salads and Panini sandwiches, which are admittedly average. The French Onion soup is quite good, however, and the chocolate strawberries are to die for (then again, how can you screw up chocolate & strawberries?). Other pluses are the large portions and the live jazz on weekends. In the afternoon, they have a wine tasting with cheeses, olives, dried fruits, nuts, chocolate, bread and dipping oil that is worth a trip.
4	Well, as a drinker I can say that the wine is great!  We served cases of it at our wedding and always have some in our wine fridge.  I only like whites or blushes so I can say that they are very flavorful and great with the light cuisine they serve.  The raspberry champagne is great as well.  The food is better than any chain food but it is only there to complement the great wine.  Oh, and the owners are always there to answer any concerns you may have.
2	In the style of Cormac McCarthy:It was as pretty a night as he could remember out of a great plenty of such nights.  They stood on a rise of the pavement outside of 98 South.  Dinner was over.  She nudged a poignant finger outward.  She motioned to the aged structure lighted by lanterns manufactured to resemble something much older.  Inside of them burned incandescent bulbs instead of oil.          To the Winery?  the girl said.          Absolutely.          Good.  They enter and notice the smell of cooked meat.  Like roasted lamb.  Hunger was not a pressing issue so they ignore the olfactory coaxing.  A casket black book with a single leaflet is presented by a woman.  They rifle through the wine selections inside.            What is it?          Nothing.          See anything you like?          Nothing is capturing my interest.          Mine either.          I'll have the Zinfandel i guess.          Okay.          I think I'll have the Pinot.            Good.   They sit on the outdoor patio and notice the light dusting of antique decor.  Neither is sure of its authenticity.          How is your wine?          Its average.          Mine too.            Actually I don't really like it.          Far too peppery.  I wouldn't recommend the Zin.          Try it?          The girl drank it and handed it back          Drink some more.          You drink it.          Okay, finish yours quickly and lets goThey sat in the patio and looked out in the parking lot and the brewery beyond and the festive atmosphere within.             To the Brewery?  she said           You mean it?            Sure.They couldn't get out of the winery quickly enough as they waded the foot traffic and four-cylinder cars through the parking lot as the night hummed in future mystery.
3	The atmosphere is great. The prices are right. The wine-a-ritas are different, tasty but just ok. The local wines are a bit light, I prefer CA wines but they were still good, a bit over priced. I would have bought the pinot grigio but didn't think it was worth $25. I would go again and definitly will order the flight for $6. Pick any 6 for $6. whatta deal!
3	This is a review for the Kokopelli Bistro & Winery.  We went on a Saturday when there was live music. Enjoyed the vibe of the bistro and our waitress was great.The food was ok - not bad not great. Almost all of the glasses of wine are between $6-$7. The $6 wine tasting was interesting - it's not really a wine flight - you are given a glass, 6 tickets and a list of available wines. Anytime you want to try a wine on the list you go up to the bar and turn in a ticket. The pours are small - but give you an idea of what their wines taste like. None of the wines blew me away but some were better than others - all pretty much on the lighter side. Definitely not the best I've had but for a relaxing and affordable night, I would go back to have a glass of wine and maybe an appetizer or dessert. On Tuesdays from 3:00-7:00 pm they have live music and $2 glasses of wine. Haven't tried the Tuesday special yet but will eventually check it out.
4	I love wine, but am not a wine snob.  With that being said, I love Kokopelli Winery.  It's a cute little place in downtown Chandler, and on the weekends they have a jazz band in the breezeway.  I always go for way to much wine and the Nosh Plate - a mix of cheeses, olives, bread, and CHOCOLATE!  Yum!  A great place to relax with girlfriends or go on a date.  Haven't had dinner here, so I can't speak on that, but love the inexpensive wine and always end up taking a couple bottles home.  Oh yes, and you should check them out in a couple weeks for the Kokopelli Krush - a grape crushing contest with prizes!  They block off some of the back near the parking lot and do tastings too.  Look for me - I'm the Kokopelli Krush champion from 2 years ago and last year I got 2nd!
4	My date and I stopped by for dinner before our evening at the Herberger.  We've heard friends compliment this establishment, so we were curious to try it.I had the blackened salmon, and my date went with the prime rib.  The fish was a tad overcooked.  However, the prime rib was the largest cut I can recall seeing.  And it wasn't mostly fat.  It was a thing of beauty.Every bite of the salmon mocked me.  Oh why didn't I get the prime rib?  Because, the doctor recommended I restrict my intake of red meat.  But I did manage to sneak a bite, and it was so juicy and flavorful.There was also live music on the patio.  About twelve feet behind me.  And had it not been for the Pino, the high-decibel dis-harmonies of 'Lay Down Sally' would have surely escorted me to the theater with a migraine.  And yes, I paired red with fish.Go there tonight, and order the prime rib.
4	Kokopelli's has a had a makeover. No way, you say?! Get out?! Yes, way, my friend. Someone nudged them and said, Hey, Long John Silver's wants its' 1980's awful pine colored tables and matching hideous captain chairs, back! Now, it is luscious faux leather banquettes and chic tables for everyone!!! New paint all around and the place looks fabulous! Now, that I look great in this environment, what should I eat?  The food is tasty.  The wine, is.... hey, it is wine from Arizona, figure it out! They have a nice, no not Tattinger's good champagne, but all the same tasty Kir Royale for $15. Come on, sparkling local for $15. I bought 3, they handpainted them as New Years Eve's gifts and I was pleased. The happy hour is fantastic, as in $5 for everything! So, the highpoints, the food is local and well done, they are always short on staff, so just deal and the wine is local! Enjoy yourself.
3	I really do not like Kokopelli's wine much. But hey, wine is all about subjectivity and there are tons of people out there who RAVE about this stuff. It's local (mostly; certain years a lot of the grapes are actually grown next door in New Mexico) so I admire Kokopelli for actually creating a name for themselves in the wine world by growing in Arizona, of all places. Outside of the actual wine, the food isn't bad and the happy hour is pretty nice.Kokopelli--like any winery should be--is doing things their way, creating wines that work with their vision and compliment their menu. It's different, yes, but what do you expect of wine created in Arizona? I'm all for pushing definitions and bringing something new to the table. Literally. So I applaud Kokopelli for that. But PLEASE... Don't make me drink any more Sweet Lucy.
1	My friend and I were recently walking around the cute, quaint streets and shops that surround the Kokopelli Winery.   We decided to stop in and get something to eat since my friend was considering ordering some wine to ship to her family for the holiday season.  It was later in the afternoon, probably around 3:30, and they were not busy at all.  We sat outside and found ourselves with a waitress that seemed very put-out that we were there.  She had some sort of attitude from the beginning.  At first we each thought we were imagining it until my friend turned to me and said, "is she being rude?"  Yes!!  It was so odd and very uncomfortable.  We ordered and waited.  My friend asked for a wine sheet so that she could decide what to order to have delivered to her family.  The waitress acted very annoyed at my friend's questions about certain wines and how the ordering process works.  She was just rude the entire time and it was so strange.  When we recieved the bill I noticed that one of the items we ordered was priced higher on the bill than in the menu.  When I pointed this out to the waitress she told me that they had recently changed their menu prices but hadn't actually changed them on the menu.  what??  I then asked, "so you are still going to charge me a higher price even though the menu states it as a lower price?"  She said, "yes" and walked away.  At that moment I knew that this was the absolute rudest and worst service I had ever received.  I was in the bar and restaurant industry for over 10 years and have never received such poor service.  I've also never left a poor tip either, until now.  Bummer.  I really hesitate to enter this place again, based on this experience.
1	Ahhh no.  I tried the food and wine at this place 3 times over the last year.  I won't be going back.  It is a good place for the tourist staying at the resort.  Keeps them from over crowding the good places.
1	Even though I haven't seen any rave reviews about this place my boyfriend and I decided to stop by for drinks on Monday night. Opened the door and the place was empty except for a couple sitting on the other end of the restaurant just lounging. We stood around for a bit and there was no hostess even though there was a hostess stand. We didn't know what to do so we eventually walked to the back which is where the bar was located. Someone eventually came out from the back and in a snotty manner said they closed at 6 so we left. We were here before 6 but there was no one to help us and their bright neon OPEN sign was on. Annoying. We drove by later and the sign was still on. Not coming back here.
2	Memorial Day. 90+ degrees. Two friends and I had just had a delicious lunch at San Tan Brewery and were on the hunt for a decadent finish. We stopped at a bakery, and all they had were cookies. We spotted Kokopelli, looked at their menu outside, and decided to splurge on a brownie dessert and a dessert drink.We went in and the place was cute and totally empty. Our waiter was a sweetheart and sold us on the same items we were salivating for. A few minutes later, he came out and said they were out of ice cream. Bye bye, brownie. Bye bye, drink.We decided to split a few glasses of champagne, the Royale and the Imperial. Both were sweet, but refreshing. I really wanted that brownie...
3	Wine - AMAZING. If you don't come to eat, at least come for happy hour. Also, take some bottles to go.. they are super cheap! I have had the "Sweet Lucy" and "Summer Peach" and if you like sweeter wines, they are to die for! On the other hand there is the staff and food... not so great. I would say a little below average. I have eaten here about five times (I tried something different every time to see if maybe something was good) and never had anything I would order again. Their house bread and butter is amazing and their meat and cheese platter is ok but that's about it. Stick to the wine! :)
2	For the price, the wine isn't bad.  They advertise it being a local winery but I think it mostly come from New Mexico.    If you want decent AZ wine check out the selection at WF or AJ's.  They have some that are much better for about the same price.  The food is okay, but definitely over priced because a majority of their clientele are tourists.  They have had a buy one entree get one free, and half price wine with live music promo on Tuesday's.  That got us in to give it another try.  You soon find out it only applies to pasta dishes and pot roast.  Nowhere does it say that on any of the ads that are at the table, online, or the sign out front.  The first time we went it was alright and half off was a good deal.  The second time the server told us we had to order the same meal.  Sure doesn't say that anywhere either.  Due to that little scam, I will not be going back.The service has always been mediocre here (bordering on bad) but I am more lenient with small local businesses.   I guess you aren't supposed to be in a rush when drinking wine anyway right?If I need a drink in downtown Chandler I will stick with San Tan Brewery.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE!  A couple of our friends joined my wife and I to attend the Chandler Classic Car Show.  We have frequented Kokopelli Winery many times.  We were seated at the walk through patio area.  The hostess said our waitress would be with us shortly.  After waiting for 20 minutes, I went back to the hostess and told her we had not been waited on.  If they had been SWAMPED, I would understand but the place wasn't even 1/2 full.  She stated some one would be with us shortly.  We waited another 15 minutes and no one waited on us.  We walked out but at the front door on the way out, our "supposed" waitress said she would buy the first round.  We said no thank you.  The hostess didn't even apologize.  I grabbed the business card for the manager ( Candice Oehlerking) and e-mailed her.  Didn't even get a response.  Guess they lost our business for good!!!
4	Went to Kokopelli for the first time on Sat., 3/20/10.  We had a large party and no reservation, but the hostess assured us that they could accomodate us.  We were seated in about 15 minutes - good to go.Wine:  We ordered a bottle of Kokopelli's cab - and it was exactly what I was looking for - BIG, complex, etc.  Not an AMAZING wine, but very good.  (can't remember the name of it....darn.)Food:  I ordered a pork dish, that was served in medallions with some insanely good mashed potatoes and a great chipoltle sauce on the side.  I also tasted a pasta/chicken dish and a blackened salmon w/ crab meat dish from my fellow diners.  All were quite good.Service:  The service was very good - especially considering how busy they were on Saturday night.Other:  They had a live jazz duo playing (guitar and double bass) and they were fantastic.  They were playing a great Santana jam, and they kept on inserting riffs from Metallica, and nobody even noticed.  (except me, I'm a musician, can't help it)So - I'd go back to Kokopelli anytime.  4 stars.
2	Downtown Chandler was having the Jazz Festival and the after party was Kokpelli.  This was my third visit and I was a little apprehensive as the last two visits were way less than acceptable.  They had jazz music which was excellent.  We decided to try the food.  The was actually pretty good.  The Sea Bass was a little oily but what do you expect for 15.00 sea bass.  I was actually feeling like it could be a good visit, but the customer service there is horrible.  The waiter loses interest after about two trips to your table and then just seems annoyed you are still there.  It is a little strange for a wine bar to be rushing people out.   I would give them a B for the food and an F for their service.  They really need to work on it, as it was the service issue I had experienced on my previous two visits.  If you are a small local establishment developing good customer relations is critical to your success.  Wine- We had the Chardonnay Reserve, when we arrived we ordered by the glass and it was actually pretty good, so we decided to get a bottle.  The bottle was tart and undrinkable.  If you drink wine you know when something is off with your wine and every bottle is not always the same.  We tell the waiter and he says you have been drinking that all night and left the bottle on the table.  The bottle sat full when we left with two full glasses.  This is really horrible for a wine bar and no I will not go back.The atmosphere is very nice actually, and it has an awesome location in downtown Chandler.  I hope in the future they fire all their staff and start over..
3	This place is decent.  I wasn't really wow'd by the food.  For the price I expected wham, bam and and party in my mouth!  Needless to say there was nothing to celebrate.  Wine was okay I always enjoy supporting the local businesses....you hear that Ms Governess!  Anyways, the ambience has the old vintage feel.  We sat on the patio which had live music.  The duo played classics to my liking and you know what....that's why they 3 stars...yes I enjoyed the moment!
3	I am writing this review primarily because the bar staff there this week was AWESOME!  And DAMMIT I do not remember their names!  Shame on me because these two girls were really engaging, personable people.  The food?  Well, I wouldn't recommend the crab cakes...Anyway, I was glad to hear that they had live music (LOVE live music), steel drums actually (LOVE steel drums), so I might be back sooner than I thought.Seriously, awesome bar staff!
2	I am writing this review primarily because the staff there is very good and attentive.  And this is my 3 time to the place. My waiter was Johnny and he was very attentive.The food? Well, I wouldn't recommend the prime rib or beef forestiere...I had the prime rib and was serve on the chill side and was tough. Prime rib need to be tender and higher quality of beef which this was not. The beef forestiere was tough as well according to my dinner partner.Anyway, I was glad to hear that they had live music (LOVE live music), so I might be back sooner than I thought.Like I said I been here before and the salmon was very good over the salad my last time here. The wine selection is good.Seriously, awesome staff!The manager was  on the floor and did check in with the tables, I would recommend that he be checking the kitchen and food before  it leaves the kitchen and order better selections of beef to serve to the customers.
3	the food is ok, but the wine and staff were good.  Decor is good as well.  Not wow'ed by the place but good for a nice glass of wine and maybe...MAYBE and appetizer.  Lots of restaurants next door to then do your dining in.
3	We had lunch here today.  The Kobe burger was quite tasty, although I asked for it "medium well" and got "well". This begs the question, why ask how I want it cooked if it will not be made to order? Anyway, I have the time to write this review right now as they are TRULY UNDERSTAFFED and it beats twiddling my thumbs while waiting for the rest of my food to come. I like the ambiance, the wine flights are good, the ONE lone waitress deserves a medal for her INCREDIBLE work ethic. She was knowledgeable, friendly, and on her game... She was  just REALLY overworked because of the lack of wait staff.I recommend the flight (6-1oz tastings of wines you choose), but there was no way for us to rinse our glasses between tastes, unless you ask...I guess.Lastly, I would give the food a rating of 4, the service (due to lack of wait staff) a 2.5, and the ambiance a 3. The overall rating is 3, but could be higher if staffed appropriately.
1	My wife and 3 family relatives dined here tonight. We sat ouside by the heaters where we were aware live entertainment was provided. 3 of us ordered the "Grandma Jo's lasagna" on the basis of our waiter's recommendation that it was like a "slice of heaven" The other entrees were the salmon while my wife had the penne pesto. The time to wait for a waiter to take our drink orders, take our meal orders, and any follow up were completely absurd and disrespectful. By the time 4 of us had nearly completed our meals, my wife's penne pesto finally arrived after 2 requests for service. By the way, NO Italian bread, olive oil or butter EVER placed on the table up front EVEN when we requested it. HELLO??? Anyone listening??Folks, I have LIVED and WORKED in Italian restaurants in NYC, grown up in Italian neighborhoods throughout NYC and dined up and down the boot in Italy. The preparation and the serving of food is a sacred RELIGION. It better be of high quality and the service even better.In my entire life I never have experienced a more miserable and disrespectful dining experience. The young male waiter was awful and incompetent. Requests for the manager were neglected and when she arrived, she was basically aloof. Any dignified restauranteur worth their salt would have been apologetic, provided a few discounted meals, and desserts for all. A meager dessert to ONLY my wife was mentioned. 30 minuteds later, nothing!! The "slice of heaven" lasagna you ask? Very poor texture, limp and served cold. Good thing my folks are dead cause if they were alive, or if this place was situated in NY, there'd be LOUD complaints. But here in Arizona, we are fed crap and are too embarrassed to say anything. If you owners were too busy to accomodate the dinner crowd cause of some festival earlier in the day, well then you need to HIRE more attendants and FAR more competent ones than what I saw tonight.In Italian we have an  old Neapolitan saying about a place like Kokopelli Winery that when you leave you know you'll never go back or recommend to anyone again: "La Croce Nera!!" Translation: The Black Cross!!!
1	TIME TO BRING YOUR BARF BAG!!This has got to be the worst dining experience in AZ...and AZ knows more about bad food than anyplace I've been..and I've eaten all over the country and a good part of Europe. The operative word is BLAND!The food, the "WINE...HAH" the service. ALL BLAND..with the wines being absolutely the worst ever. They all taste the same.These people claim to be Italian. Well, maybe they are but the food is NOT. It's some mad southwestern version of what someone who has never cooked or eaten Italian thinks it might be like.If you see a good review of this place, it was written by either a starving alley cat or the owner.TO BE AVOIDED AT ALL COSTS!
4	Cool treasure, kind of hidden in downtown chandler. Obviously a great and local wine selection. But the impressively tasty Italian food made the night a good one. Service staff is very knowledgeable as well.
1	This is one of those places, where you give a one star rating, because Yelp forces you to give that at a minimum. My husband and I were on vacation this past week and we wanted to try out some local Arizona wineries. We didn't have an Arizona wine map with us, but our GPS could find some for us. This one happened to be in the direction we were headed, and only 10 minutes out of the way. Great! .... WRONG! They advertise themselves to be a winery and bistro. When we walk in, really all it is, is a restaurant that has wine that you can taste. We go up to the bar to sit, since that is where the wines are kept. The rest is all dining room seating, so we figure this is the easiest route to go, to get a tasting, since we were not there for a meal. We walk up to the bar and sit down and are each handed a sheet, which lists out all of the wines available. Only one-third are Kokopelli wines. The rest are from other vineyards, some were also from New Mexico. Okay... well, we pick some, six each to give the place a fair shot. The lady serving us, poured out the wines. The first in a wine glass and the rest in little shot glasses. We were instructed to follow our sheets, since she poured them down the list, in the order that we picked them. And she walked off. We were shocked to say the least. We are used to when a place tells you it is a winery, with tastings, that this is what they do. We received NO information on any of the wines, she didn't even stick around while we did this. And it's not as if it were a busy time of day, and she was helping other people. There were four waitresses, one other couple at the bar (who got there about 10 minutes after us) and three different sets of people at the tables in the dining room. The wines are very mediocre, we actually liked the New Mexican wines better. Oh, also we got a cheese plate, which tasted like one of the packaged one you get from the store and it sits in the fridge until you open it. Nothing fresh. And also they serve you bread. A HUGE loaf, when only about a third of it is necessary. The bread was okay... I think that it may have been better if it had not been served with a PEPPERY BUTTER. Needless to say, this place is definitely not recommended.
1	The people who give this dump a positive rating are probably the same crowd who patronize Arby's, McDonalds, Rigatony's and the myriad slop shops that abound in a state that has absolutely no culinary savvy.The service is second rate at best, with waiters who could not care less about your satisfaction.The food..well if you've just been released from Dachau or Treblinka..you might find it palatable. Warm when it should be hot..spiced so that all you really taste IS the spicing. It's unimaginative, uninspired and NOT ITALIAN..REPEAT..NOT ITALIAN. It's an approximation of what someone who has NEVER tasted real Italian food might offer up as "authentic"As for the "wines"..well if you understand what the term "terroir" means you'll realize that with all the soil being  the SAME in their "vineyards", there can be no real distinction in their purported varietals (you DO know what I'm talking about..don't you?). SO, if you like your whites to have the same underlying flavor as your reds AND with scant difference between say a cab and a zin..you'll love the pre-vinegar served up by their so-called wine experts. Of course, you'll forever brand yourself as an eater and drinker of the lowest form of comestibles.SO..tourists, and Arizonans.. revel in your culinary ignorance and go. Hang your bib and hit the trough! This will leave room at table for those of us who have taken the time and spent the money to garner some culinary knowledge. God knows.. there are few enough real restaurants to go around.______________________________________________________UNFORTUNATELY, A NO STAR RATING IS NOT AN OPTION. THIS PLACE IS SUITABLE FOR THE HOMELESS AND OTHER UNFORTUNATES WHO NEED A MEAL AT ANY COST. ON THE PLUS SIDE, THE FOOD IS NOT POISONOUS. SEE, EVEN I CAN FIND SOME GOOD IN ALMOST ANYTHING. As well, the management will NOT respond to any criticism that is not couched in glowing terms. I sent them an email reflective of this review and my brother simultaneously sent a positive one. Guess who got answered. I told the owner in no uncertain terms that HE KNEW just how bad the place is and that it was sheer arrogance knowing that it would probably not affect his business as there's always an influx of new and unsuspecting tourists..mostly from the midwest..where "culinary savoir faire" are just meaningless furrin words. On the other hand, the natives of this state who go more than once present a quandry. I had some guy in a cowboy hat (still on his head) ask me whar hairy cots verts were. I had to hide my grin as he was BIG..and you knd of know how a guy who keeps his hat on indoors will react. So, I smiled sweetly and explained that they were green beans and very good for a growing redneck. PS I have no idea what's meant by asking if the photos below are "helpful". Helpful for WHAT? Oh well...
3	Stopped in here while out on Saturday enjoying the sunshine and perusing the shops in downtown Chandler. Had a great tasting experience but didn't sample any of the food since we had just eaten a large breakfast. Staff was extremely friendly and accommodating even though they were pretty busy and down one server who had called in sick. I did take a look at the menu and everything sounded great. I plan to come back for dinner real soon. I loved the ambiance and decor, it looks like the perfect place for date-night.
4	One of my girlfriends picked Kokopelli Winery in downtown Chandler for our monthy get together.  When I walked in on a Wednesday night, there was a very small crowd, so I was a little concerned.  I've always been told that the AZ wines are just ok, but I decided to give them a try.  Our waitress brought me a sample of their reserve Chianti.  I'm not usually a fan, but this one has a pretty smooth finish.  I was looking over the menu, and having a hard time deciding. A friend of mine had HIGHLY recommended the garlic chicken. When I saw the menu said 40 cloves of garlic, I has some serious 2nd thoughts.  I decided to give it a try.  WOOOO was it ever good.  The chicken was litterally fall off the bone and super juicy!I finished things off with their EXCELLENT bread pudding.  Wow.  Was it ever good.  Their brandy sauce totally makes it.  I'd actually love to go back and have this again.
2	Kokopelli Winery is in a great location but the food and wine are wanting. The white wines were very strange and the reds didn't make me want to buy a case.  I did purchase three wines- one white and two reds, hoping that at a later time I might grow to love them. The whites are too sweet for me and the flavors are weird. Yes weird.The food wasn't bad, but we did really enjoy the music.  It is fun just to check out.  I will go back and try different vintages from Kokopelli in the future.  It may end up developing some unique vintages and is different enough to make it worth my time.
3	I wish I could give this place a better rating, but we tried to double date here and the first time we walked in we got NO service.  As we walked in we told the waiter we would like a glass of wine and possibly order food, well 10 minutes later we were still waiting for service to order wine.  We walked to another restaurant for dinner.  I was excited to try Kokopelli, so we went back to try for the chocolate wine.  This time we did get service.  The pinot grigio was alright.  The chocolate wine was interesting to try, but must be the last thing you drink.
1	From the initial contact with Dennis, "Chief Wine-o," when we inquired about having our wedding rehearsal dinner at Kokopelli, he was laid back and casual.  We thought he was a little too casual given we didn't have a working relationship yet but were excited about the possibilities of hosting our event there. Dennis was aware that we expected to be paying for the rehearsal dinner ourselves and were very specific on the way the evening was to be planned; he offered the front area or the back room for our group of 18 and we settled on the back room for ease of chatting without yelling. When Dennis sent over the proposal, he listed the front room as our selection, I emailed him back and clarified that we had settled on the back room, he said "Not a problem, I will note the change."  We were in the front area when we arrived for rehearsal dinner and ended up having to up-heave the entire group after about 20-30 minutes of being in the front area because we mistakenly thought we were in the front because we were "early" when we were actually right on time.  So our very sweet server, Stephanie, politely and quickly moved us to the back room, which, by the way, was in no way set up for us and we ended up moving the tables ourselves.  The two of us getting married didn't even get to sit next to one another at our own rehearsal dinner because of the poor planning and preparation on the part of Kokopelli!Let's back track a bit.  From day one, Dennis NEVER mentioned a thing about a corking fee ($10 per bottle corked on premises). So when I had emailed him about possibly adding a 1/6 or 1/4 keg to our reception wine order, he responded with the corking fee "By the way.." note, 2 days before the wedding. 2 DAYS. Since he had "included it in the original quote but didn't specify the fee," he would split it with us for $5 a bottle.  Gee, so generous of you Dennis, thanks. SO we gave the specific instruction to him that NO bottle was to be corked by the servers, and yes we were supposed to have 2 servers but had 1 for a party of 18, unless we specifically requested it. Let's add to that the fact that I emailed Dennis about the keg and received no price quote no matter how many times I requested it until he told me, in the same corking email 2 days before the wedding, that the 1/6 of a keg would cost $75. AND we would have to provide the 25 lbs of ice. Like I have nothing else going on the day of my wedding than to get ICE for the keg?!?  At dinner, my fiancee had to ask the server what the issue was since food took over an hour after we ordered it to start to trickle to the group, and by trickle I mean some people finished as some were just getting their meal. "Another large party's food was prepared before" ours, funny because we didn't see another large party when we arrived to the FRONT, and ours would be "right out." When some of the chicken dishes arrived, they did not reflect the description in the menu, leading us to believe they ran out of the original.   So after the borderline disastrous rehearsal dinner, saved of course by the company we were with, my fiancee told the server that we were not pleased. It was not her fault, but more Dennis', who wasn't even there to insure the event was a success. As someone who has worked in the restaurant industry, I think he should have AT LEAST made an appearance at some point as he was our only contact regarding the event and it started at 6pm, a time he could have shown his face for. So Stephanie took my fiance's phone number and said she would pass along our comments.  For the record, my parents paid for the rehearsal dinner, an unexpected and sweet gesture that was part of what made the event salvageable. So the next morning, wedding day, Dennis calls my fiancee and during the conversation, my fiancee, asks about the possibility of changing out the keg for some bottled beers as the $75 for 1/6 of a keg was not what we had expected.  Dennis' response?  "I don't have to pick up the keg!"  Never asked you to order it!  Take a moment and let that sink in because it's about to get better.  When she also mentioned the overall dissatisfaction regarding the event and the way everything was handled, his response was...."Well, it's not like you ended up paying."  Is this guy seriously supposed to be a professional manager/owner of a business?!?!  Not once did he offer to right the wrongs that occurred, not ONCE. Oh, and by the way, he did mention that we had consumed 11 bottles of wine during the rehearsal dinner so we must have enjoyed ourselves and my spouse stated that when your food takes over an hour to be served, that tends to happen. Insert cricket noises here.When we ran out of beer very early at our reception, I emailed and asked for an itemized receipt of the wine and beer to see what we were charged/paid for. It took a week to get it and even still, not itemized.  I got a breakdown of what Dennis "remembers."  Sorry guys, that doesn't cut it.
4	Talk about great food!  My partner's favorite food in the whole world is the beef tips here.  I LOVE their pasta dishes and the blue cheese on their cheese tray is scrumptous!  The best thing on the menu though is the baked feta in marinara.  In addition, I love Kokopelli's white zinfandel (and while you can get it cheaper at Total Wine, you can get a stamp card here and save the difference).The service here is hit or miss.  Sometimes it is fantastic, other times, dreadful.
1	I am sorry , but what can you say about this place other than it sucks!   it is the absolute worse place in the Valley. 20 of went to this dump under the lie they had advertised that they were having an Italian festival.   The 7th Annual!!!   Lies..false advertising...what did they really have???? A crap place passing off the Italian food that they serve under normal days.   No live music as promised, what was the live music that they would have from 1 to 3 ?? A single accorian player.   Nothing else,, is that really anyone's idea of an italian festival??  I never really get this angry about something. But, Lying and leading people in the wrong direction does not sit well with me. It was hard to find parking in downtown Chandler as it was...Nothing even italian about this place.  Don't ever waste your time or hard earned money here!
4	Cheese is amazing, the summer peach wine is to die for and they have great specials on sundays. My only downfall with this place was it was 87 degrees inside.
1	We went down because of a huge write up in the SanTan newspaper.  To our disappointment this was a bad decision.  The food that was recommended by the staff was terrible.  It came to the table cold, once in forming the staff they didn't sound surprised or offer an excuse.  Then it came back to the table "microwave" hot.  I would not recommend this place for anything.
1	Now that it has been a few days and i have cooled down i can  write an honest opinion about this place. It is not a good one i am sorry to say.   First of all, when you have to lie and false advertise to get people to come to your shop,then something is wrong. However, apparently this is their M O .  Last week The Kokpelli Winery advertised that they were having an Italian Festival.  They never stated in the ad that it was just them serving Italian food in their restaurant.  They calmed to have live music and entertainment, along with everything that was Italian. People came from all over the Valley for their lie. Disappointment was their closet friend!!!           Apparently they are well known for advertising that they are putting on festivals to lure customers all the way out to downtown Chandler.   This is not the way to run a business. I say, do not ever darken their door step or give them a  penny of your money. You could of had more of an Italian Festival at Olive Garden. There is a lot wrong with this place....Lying is the first thing.
5	Housed in an old bank in charming historic Chandler, Kokopelli offers you three options when dining: inside, the side patio, and the front, streetside patio.  We chose the latter and loved the service by Becky!  All the food was great and the Kokopelli Cabernet Sauvignon was so good I bought a bottle all the way home (minus the wee-wee-wee).  I'd definitely return when next in Phoenix.  Worth the drive in every way.
3	I have been to Kokopelli for wine tastings, barrel tastings and dinner.  While the first time we had dinner here it was less than stellar, the subsequent times have been much better.  The wine is decent, nothing amazing and a little on the sweet side which may be good for those who like their wines slightly sweet.  I really enjoyed their "noshes" cheese and fruits and nuts while drinking a glass of their wine.  The place is charming and in an interesting historic area in Chandler.  Definitely worth a try, but wine snobs may not be impressed.
1	Stopped in for a glass of wine with a g/f and sat at the bar.  Feels very tired and old.  Also, a glass of mediocre wine and an ice tea being almost $15 is crazy?!  Definitely much better places in the area that I would go to instead.
1	So we ended up here in an effort to try something different in the area. Once we sat down I decided to look up on Yelp to see the reviews. Probably should have done that first. After reading several terrible reviews I thought, well it's too late, let's hope they were wrong.  Not a chance!My 6 yr old daughter ordered a PB&J early hoping she could eat while we waited for our food. It didn't come out until the rest of our food. It was so bad, it didn't even look like a sandwich. My daughter said after 2 bites "I don't want to eat here again". That's a 6 yr old!Our food came out Luke warm and looking like a science project. We really couldn't eat much of it at all.  The waiter, who was nice, asked if we were all good. I said "no, this is horrible" and asked for our check. He was nice enough to take the PB&J off since my daughter really didn't eat any of it.In addition to the awful food, there were flys all over the place which was a complete bother during what seemed like a longer than necessary wait given how busy the place was and how little we ordered.I will never be coming back!
1	Wow... I'm surprised that this place exists with the great wine bar next door.I don't know what they are currently doing with their interior but there is NOTHING on the walls and there are white patch marks everywhere. I assume they are going to repaint/redecorate but in the mean time it's awful looking and echos. Not as warm and friendly as I remember from 6 months ago.  Also their outside specials board states they have live music from Thurs- Sat however the waitress informed us it was Fri-Sat... want to change that sign maybe?The appetizer board we had compromised of 3 meats and one cheese which were all very tasty however there were only 4 very small pieces of cheese vs. the 8 slices of each of the other meats. We waited approximately 30 minutes for our diners which was on the lingering side since there were very few people inside that night. (2-3 other couples total)The diner was two stars at best. My lavosh was very soggy with no crisp to it. I had to use a fork since the pieces (long rectangular shaped) would not hold any shape.  The chef overlapped all of the pieces atop each other and put a very odd/gross tasting garnish in the center. If they had not laid the pieces atop each other(who does that anyway?), the pieces wouldn't have come out soggy. And the garnish - just get rid of it - don't know why it's there and why it had such an awful taste. I would make the pieces smaller(more manageable) and display them on a plate long-ways laid out completely. The pasta, no better than that of an olive garden with flakes of red pepper on top. Chicken was dry and it could have used flavor. It was better than the lavosh though.And the wine... now I did like some of their wines, but they always push the Kokopelli ones and I understand that. It's like going to a micro brewery and asking for a Miller lite. HOWEVER, they serve some great wines that are not made by Kokopelli which I enjoy more. If the waitress was more open to the other non-kokopelli wines I would have probably enjoyed more wine and stayed longer. All in all for the price we paid, it will be a stroke of drunken luck if we ended up here again.
1	I am so disappointed.Went there early this evening for a celebratory dinner. We walk in and it smells, well, old. The atmosphere is cold and the place is kind of in disrepair. They need to just redo the interior design.Our server, while pleasent, did not seem to do the normal things one would expect at a wine bar...no mention of happy hour specials, no mention of wine flights, no explanations about the wines...it was weird. I had to practically interrogate him for information. The wine itself...meh. We sampled 6 in a flight and ordered 2 additional glasses.There were a few I did enjoy like the summer peach and the chocolate divine. But I think a normal wine drinker would find their wines way (way) too sweet and overall mediocre.The food. Now this just makes me mad. I ordered the bruschetta sampler and the only one I even half way enjoyed was the blue cheese/grape. And while I thought the flavor was good, the execution was sloppy. I don't like to eat a meal that is not presented nicely.The grilled shrimp one was NOT grilled or seasoned. It was cold and rubbery. Like it had been microwaved and left to sit. And it was coupled with a bland nasty hummas. Ick. I spit it into my napkin. Awful.The prosciutto and fig, normally one of my favorite combinations, was not good. They put a bitter lettuce on top, which I don't understand, and an overpowering, sickly sweet sauce. It did not work well together at all. Crabcake was ok. But $7 for a tiny little portion was irritating. Look, I get that it's tapas, but come on, it was a bite and a half. My husband got the rosemary meatballs which #1, were microwaved for sure, #2 drowning in marinara sauce which hid all the flavor.They need a new chef.
2	I think this is an awesome business model with poor management.  The location in downtown chandler is perfect for a place like this.  In-state wines and a restaurant with a relaxed atmosphere fit perfectly with the surrounding establishments.  That's probably the reason that this place survives.  Alas, everything else is dysfunctional:  The food is terrible.  Kitchen nightmares terrible.There are way too many wine choices, some which are pretty gross.  A few are good, though, and those are the ones that they should promote.  Also, the good wines aren't good in the snooty, wine and food know-it-all sense.  They are a little gimmicky  and should be approached as such.  But they are still tasty.  I send a case of the white merlot to my family for the holidays every year and they really look forward to it.  Also, this is the only place that will ship the wine for me.  Not even Bevmo will.  Kokopelli has real potential.  Also, it's (apparently) the only winery in the state that has  significant market penetration outside of it's establishment i.e. you see a fair number of bottles at costco and bevmo.  However, it needs a shot in the arm.  Maybe Gordon Ramsey could help.
1	First warning would be that any rest that is completely empty at 7:30pm on a Thursday means the food is not good. The service was great but the food was a miss. I paid $19 for the 'short ribs' which actually was 4 tiny slices of overcooked meat. The rest of my party's dinner seemed average at best. The biggest problem is that my credit card was charged twice....I spoke with Eric the manager once after it happened but to date no credit back. I would have been willing to pay for the meal but I don't want to pay for that now either. I guess they need to get $ however they can.
1	When you head to the rollercoaster at an amusement park, you know for every dip down you go, there will be an offsetting climb back out of that valley.  Unfortunately, for this restaurant, as far as food and service are concerned, you are heading down into the abyss - and then you pursue every possible lower level of the abyss you  never imagined.Alright. you are going to tell me they were busy b/c of the Christmas parade - but, seriously folks, this is not their first rodeo.  They had more than enough wait staff to handle the size of their dining room. So why the panic? Why the inability to get waited on?We were seated instantly by the thoroughly delightful hostess who welcomed us graciously.  At this point, we were at the top of the roller coaster with nowhere to go but down, down, down........  Then we waited 17 minutes - 17 minutes - till we could even get a glass of water. We should have walked. Really. We should have just walked.  But we hadn't read the Yelp reviews so we thought - the food sounded interesting.  We can wait it out.You know that old saying - no good deed goes unpunished?Before ordering, I notice that the menu has entrees with either mashed potatoes or the potato of the day.  When I inquired to the waitree "what is the potato of the day", she replied "mashed potatoes".  So much for the potato of the day.....Were there specials of the day? Anything special with the wines? Have no idea. It was never mentioned to us. So I guess there weren't any.  So we order - my DSD orders a spinach and pasta dish, my hubs orders the Merlot pot roast and adds a side salad, and I ordered a salad with chicken added.Given the wait, I asked the waitress for the access code for the WiFi, figuring if it took 17 minutes to get a glass of water, there was not much hope for getting our food (what a premonition that was.....but I get ahead of myself here).  And what does she say? "It changes every hour and I have no idea, I will see if I can find the manager and get it"......yeah, I am still waiting.....After we wait another 15 minutes, DH's salad finally arrives. It was not a bad side salad - baby greens, bacon, tomato, and cement blocks.  Oh, wait, those were croutons? It was hard to tell.  I love croutons. I even make my own.  But, as my hubs said - and he NEVER complains - they were so hard and crunchy, he could not hear any of our conversation while he tackled them......Now dinner arrives before he even has time to finish the salad.  DSD's pasta is a nice sized portion and she said the garlic EVOO sauce was light and tasty and didn't mask the spinach or tomatoes or basil.    DH's pot roast was a sizable portion and was served with mashed potatoes (as opposed to the potato of the day) and a side of veggies (squash, carrots, onions).  He said that the potatoes were rather dry but the gravy on the meat was good - although it might have been nice to have some salt and pepper to go with it (we actually had to ask, as that is not standard on the tables - really??).  My salad was, to say the least, pitiful.  I asked for chicken to be added to the salad - which the server forgot. The salad was presented nicely - but, to be honest, $10 for a cup of baby greens with a few bits of goat cheese and perhaps two tablespoons of pecans and a few roasted grapes? I would have been better off with two side salads.  I asked the server to be sure not to charge me for the chicken since it was not delivered - at which point, she said "did you ask for it"?Wait, we aren't done.  Having grown up in the business, you learn early on not to reach in front of customers to fill water glasses, etc.  Obviously, server slept thru that lesson.  As she reaches across DSD's pasta to refill my hubs water glass......she dribbles ice water into my DSC's pasta and then doesn't even notice, just spins on her heels and beats a path back somewhere......Oh wait - there's more......before I leave, I decide to run to the restrooms where there is a line because the women's room only has two stalls and, of course, one is out of order....while I am waiting patiently, a server comes in to wash her hands and remarks to me something like "as a server, I like to have clean hands" which I thought - how I wish we might have had her rather that the poor excuse of a server that we had.....and then it happens.  Most servers would not have opened the door with their bare hands to leave, realizign that is where most of the germs are - but that was nothing compared to the fact that the server took her perfectly clean hands AND BLEW HER NOSE INTO A PAPER TOWEL. OMG. I was completely appalled. Whatever good she thought she did washing those hands was undone by the nose-blowing.This is prime location. I am sure that the wine is what attracts customers.  The service was awful - all I kept thinking is that this place is a candidate for Mystery Diners.....
1	Went for lunch there yesterday, was a conference across the street and it seemed like the only lunch goers were from the conference. We had a short lunch break and..I love wine so we tried it out. Service was POOR. I ordered a glass of Cabernet and I received a Merlot-for sure. Had it not been for my food runner, I would have been really stuck, but he nicely replaced the glass with..a true Cabernet. that was overpriced at 9.25 and very mediocre.  I ordered a pasta-their cheese and mac version and it arrived microwaved and was not that fresh as some bites I could taste were stale-like refrigerator smelly stale.  I choked it down because I was starving and the wait staff NEVER came to check on us again.  We were in a hurry to get back to the conference by then so I let it slide and let my tip reflect my dissatisfaction.  I feel sorry for the waitstaff who have to work there and the chef should head back to culinary school. Waste of money. NEVER AGAIN.
2	Five star service and friendliness rating for our server, Kiely(?). Poor wines selection to qualify this place as a wine bar. Forget about it.
2	My husband I were at the Farmer's Market across the street and decided to stop in for a drink and apps since we already ate dinner. We walked in and we were greeted by the bartender/server. She was very friendly and sat us quickly. It was moderately busy - probably 30 people or so. I ordered the cheeseboard but didn't know much about cheeses and when I mentioned that, she just smiled and said you can choose 3. Uhh, I was expecting a more helpful answer but my fault since I didn't directly ask for help so I just chose 3 hoping I would like them. I was kind of bummed there wasn't more selection to the appetizer menu so my husband ordered the pork pannini and we split it (it wasn't that great - super salty and came out soggy). I ordered a glass of wine and since I'm no wine expert she did help me choose the one that's closest to Riesling because I know I like that one. My husband ordered a beer and asked for the darkest one available and she was helpful. Overall, I wished we went over to Vintage 95 just a few doors down. Service was good but the food wasn't great and I don't know if I'll go back. Sorry!
3	First of all, someone needs to change the name listed on Yelp. This is more of a bistro than a winery. On to the review. We stopped at Kokopelli for lunch and had some creative food and some nice (Arizona) wine. Enjoyed a glass of their Chardonnay (stay away from the Reserve) with spicy Cuban sliders, a fresh salad and rosemary chicken panini. It's a simple menu from a variety standpoint but I would come back to try dinner and enjoy the evening entertainment. Or, to simply sample some of their wines.
3	We have been going to Kokopelli Winery for years--mainly because of their Fruited Chicken Salad with Mimosa dressing, which I often told people was my favorite salad of all time.  However, Kokopelli Winery suffers from a high turn over rate and many inconsistencies which is not only frustrating, but will more than likely, cause this restaurant to close.  When we first started going to Kokopelli, their prices were reasonable and their choice of ingredients was good--fresh spring mix and chicken for the salad and a generous portion of Mimosa dressing.  But then things started to go downhill.  The owners (or the chef) decided to use cheap iceberg lettuce, and recently have now switched to cheap spinach leaves with stalks that you could choke on.  They are also inconsistent with the type of bread they serve (sometimes good, sometimes stale), I have had bones in my chicken salad, the presentation is not consistent, they have cut back on the salad dressing and on top of all that, have raised their prices.  If you charge me $11 for a salad, you had better be using the best ingredients and offer a generous portion to boot -not cut corners so you can make more money.  I never thought I would say this, but I don't think we will be back.  As a previous poster stated, this place has potential, but you can't continue to be inconsistent in food and service and expect to survive.
