5	They are in the spot where Rachel's Kitchen used to be on Town Center and 215.  They completely redid the inside and it is so beautiful in there.  They make tasty fresh juice, including green apple juice, and yummy healthy meals.  It is a great place to bunker down with a computer and work.  The staff is so nice and the owners make the rounds.  They dont have a website yet but you can like them on Facebook.  http://www.facebook.com/DailyKitchen?sk=info
5	I'm obsessed! I've been to this casual neighborhood spot for lunch, for breakfast and twice just for juice. Friendly staff and they are very accommodating. I love fruit/vegetable juices that are clean - pure fruit and veggies.  Here, they are very accommodating and will make my juice to my exact specifications with more veggies and less fruit if I ask. I've also ordered plain chicken with a side of fruit. The salads are fabulous and the breakfast menu is fantastic. If you want hot food, they have a variety of pastas and sandwiches.  Just love the options on the menu. Highly recommend Daily Kitchen.
4	Yum! A welcome surprise! Just had a veggie breakfast bagel with sundried tom pesto, cukes, toms, sprouts and lettuce. My son had blueberry oatmeal pancakes. Both served with fresh fruit. Nice. Extremely friendly cashier/waitress- Tracy. Very pleasant and checked on us several times. Please visit so restaurants like this will keep popping up and this one can stay around!! I suggest adding vegan options as well. Tofu scramble is so easy to have on a menu and opens up the option on breakfast for an entirely new customer base!! We have money to spend too! Daiya  cheese is non dairy and natural-made from cassava root and can be offered also!! Can't wait to go back and try the pasta and black bean burger. Glad to have you in the neighborhood. Yum!
4	So healthy, Doctors want you to stay home......There is a great variety of healthy foods and beverages here, and an incredibly nice owner.  Yes, Daily Kitchen is in the old Rachel's spot, but it is not Rachels.  The decor has been updated and the seating in the room has been efficiently designed.  A huge draw here, is the seating outside between The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.  If you have a really nice car, chances are you probably come here (Judging by the parking lot)  If you don't have a nice car, come here anyways, the food tastes good, even in your rusty El Camino.I enjoyed the spicy Thai Chicken Wrap on my visit.  The dressing was so wonderful.  It had great flavor and heat, and was light.  My only complaint about the wrap, was that the dressing was all at the bottom, and the way the ingredients were mixed in, there were some bites which didn't feature all the fillings.  I love Cilantro, but a few bites were pure Cilantro which was overwhelming.  Still, I felt healthy while eating it, and it filled me up.Come check out Daily Kitchen and Wellness Bar, your body doesn't need another McGriddle....or does it?
4	Yep, found my new go-to healthy spot.  Rachel's Kitchen who?I am so excited Daily Kitchen took over the space recently vacated by Rachel's Kitchen.  It has a similar, health focused menu and will delight those looking for fresh, organic dining.  Menu selections include healthy pastas, salads, wraps, sandwiches, breakfast, juices and burgers.  I'd highly recommend their bean burger ($7.50).  The burger comes with a black bean patty and caramelized onions on a whole-wheat bun.  This wasn't your typical freezer section black bean patty--it tasted homemade. It was phenomenal.  The bun was also warm and homemade--another win!Each of the burgers come with a salad, fruit or sweet potato fries.  I enjoyed my side salad but the dressing (I think it was some type of vinaigrette) was pretty bland.  I'd prefer more seasoning in the dressing.The Ahi Ahi tacos were also pretty good but, at $9.50, I wish they came with some type of side.  Three small tacos sitting in the middle of a large plate was less than visually appealing. I felt bad for the tacos, they looked so pathetic and small.  However, the tacos were nicely prepared (although slightly underseasoned) and the tuna was good quality.  I'm not sure I'd order this again.I can't wait to go back to try their organic breakfasts and juices (and eat 500 more black bean burgers).  They better not move!Also, please note: DK is a yuppie magnet.  You have been warned.
4	Came in with my friend in between our Groupon work outs. Had the protein salad and a chocolate chip cookie. My friend had a chicken sandwich which came with some sweet potato fries. Our food was delicious and the salad had a good amount of dressing so that the flavors were perfect. The ahi with my salad was a little too peppery for me but everything else tasted great. The sweet potato fries were awesome and not caked in cinnamon and sugar like most places would make them. The staff was friendly and helpful. Felt a tiny bit cramped but it was a lunch rush. I'd come back if I was in the area again.
4	Tasty Thai Chicken wrap. Like the healthy earthy feel too.
3	These are some smart peeps as evidenced by them deciding to go in to the old Rachel's Kitchen space! I have to say, at first I thought it was lame they were trying to copy the Rachel's concept, but it really is genius. I have to say the food was pretty darn tastyful! I had the veggie burger, which I really liked. The toppings were great! Caramelized onions, red pepper spread, sprouts, and I added cheese...because it's cheese fools...duh, cheese is delicious!!! Idiot. But I digress. Probably one of my favorite veggie burger I've had. The salad that came with it was waaay underdressed but pretty good. I will say the cookies, however, are terrible, TERRIBLE I say! They had the funky smell/taste of food in your fridge that has a banana and onions in it and no baking soda to soak up the stanky odor...probably because they have been sitting in the bakery case forever. Blech yucky no yum yums! Other than my icky cookies everything was great.
2	Went there on Sunday with my family. The biggest complaint I have is the service and wait time. We ordered our food at 12:53 and we were served our food around 1:40 in phases (my husband got his meal first, then my daughter's, then mine).  Ridiculous wait time for counter service and my order was wrong. Not going back as no one corrected the situation. Customer service was minimal.
4	Pleasantly surprised.  Apparently, so are many others.  I returned on Wednesday for Round 2 and there wasn't a single seat in the house.  On my first trip, when I was actually able to dine, I had the spicy Thai chicken wrap with sweet potato fries.  It was delightful.  The wrap was fresh and crunchy and healthy and zesty.  The fries were yum yum too.  I'd recommend it for a tasty and light lunch!
3	I stopped in here today to give the place a test drive.  I got the Chicken Caesar wrap and a diet Coke--none of those health drinks for me.The wrap was good.  The only criticism I have is putting essentially Caesar salad in a wrap including the croutons.  If I come back and get this, I'd definitely ask for the croutons to be omitted.Sandwiches, wraps, and burgers come with a choice of sweet potato fries, fruit, or mixed green salad.  I took the healthy choice by getting the sweet potato fries.The wrap is a bit pricey--$9.50.  I don't think the value is there for this amount of food.  Maybe I paid extra for all the health I got.
2	Fresh...and not so Fresh!Really excited to hear Fresh Juice...except every time I go there its not fresh. Every other place juices fresh on the spot. Daily Kitchen prepares it the morning of or night before and mixes it when ordered. Its also strained...so Its no fresh. It is watery and most of the vitamins and nutrients are taken out. Even tho the portions are small I do like some of the Items on the menu. Just really wish the Juice was fresh prepared on the spot like Rachel"s Kitchen.Staff... when I mentioned the juice not being fresh the girl was super rude and ignored me... said a few words and gave me bad attitude. The young man that took the rest of my order was very nice and understanding.  The men behind the counter are always usually great with customer service...some of the women not so much. Really do love to see Fresh food and healthier places to eat like this. Just a big turn off when the juice and staff (girls) is not so fresh.
4	I have been here about 6 times, the 1st four, I had the black bean burger with sweet potato fries (1x with salad). I really liked it but, I can agree with Misti Y re: the bread being a bit overwhelming. I have not had it in two+ months, but, I don't remember the patty being thin. I thought it was a good thickness and enjoyed the aioli-red pepper, the vegetable (not spicey red pepper flakes). The next time, maybe about a month ago, I wanted to venture out so, I tried the grilled veggie wrap w/ sweet potato fries. It was good, could really taste the freshness of the grilled veggies and the wrap as a whole was not slippy and slimy with veggies falling out like at Rachel's Kitchen. However, for the record, Baguette Cafe makes the best vegetarian sandwiches and wraps, IMO, but Daily Kitchen is closer to my house and better for drive-bys. Now, I really ventured out and was super impressed with the kale salad that I had just a few days ago. It had a lot of my favorite things so gave it a whirl - avocado, pine nuts, dried cranberries, a really light citrus vinegarette with a mound of massaged kale. Yummy! So, yummy, I stopped at Whole Foods and bought all the ingredients so, I could make it at home...and I do not consider myself a salad person but kale is a super food and I am trying to step out of my comfort zone.Re: service, I don't recall having any problems but, maybe I have been lucky?
4	Tonight was our first time of dining at the Daily Kitchen and Wellness Bar.  I ordered the DK Pasta.  The presentation of this dish was appealing and the dish was tasty.  The balance of vegetables and meat in the dish was perfect.  The chicken had a very good flavor and was juicy.  My husband ordered the Rigatoni Marinara Turkey Meatballs.  The presentation of this dish was not as appealing as the DK Pasta.  The Marinara was slightly lacking in seasoning.  There was a generous portion of meatballs and overall the dish was good.  Great customer service.  Overall a good experience and the size of the portion was adequate for the cost.  We would definitely return to the restaurant.
4	Place is so cool...Small but very hip..clean and staff is so friendly. I had the Giai juice and was so pleased. DK pasta is great and fresh. If you are looking for something fresh and different this is the spot.
3	Chicken cesar wrap is okay. Cheese burger was pretty large...it had the potential to be awesome. Sweet potato fries were good. I really want to see what they do with that chicken fajita platter.
4	After receiving a gift card for my birthday, I tried DK for the first time yesterday after a long training run and had their acai bowl.  The menu said you had a choice of bananas, berries, or coconut as the topping, but I chose all three--delicious and so filling that I couldn't finish it. I'm also a fan of the former tenant, Rachel's Kitchen, and I prefer Daily Kitchen's acai bowl to Rachel's. I returned today and tried their Green and Greener smoothie, which included spinach and soy milk--yum!  Friendly service and clean, fresh ambiance. I will definitely be back to try some of the other menu items based on these past two visits.
5	This place definitely fills a void left when Rachel's moved. My wife and I actually liked it better than Rachel's. A coupon for a free oatmeal was left on our door so we had to try it out. We were happy we did. I had the Organic Breakfast, which comes with scrambled eggs, heirloom tomatoes, and turkey bacon. It was simply delicious. I am not a huge fan or turkey bacon but this was wide cut and really good. The eggs were perfectly scrambled and not over or under cooked. Tomatoes were tricolored for a nice variety. My wife had the free steelcut oatmeal from our coupon but added strawberries and bananas. They server it with vanilla soy milk which was a nice surprise. We will be back to try one of their breakfast burritos and fresh juice blends. Happy to have this little spot in the neighborhood.
4	Stopped in on a recommendation and found that this is a nice little new spot in the neighborhood. Tight little menu of healthy choices. I had the Mediterranean salad, which was excellent. Good portion size, (not too much) lettuce, cucumber, tomato, capers, and lots of quinoa, all dressed at just the right amount in a citrus vinaigrette. Small seating area inside and some outdoor seating too, overlooking the parking lot and a busy street. Looking forward to trying this place again.
1	34 minutes to get a chicken wrap with 1 ounce of chicken and a whole lot of cabbage. Are you kidding me? Stay away. I will make my own juice. Can't even rank this place one star but have no choice because that's the min ranking. Brutal.
3	Pretty good juice. Just make sure the machine is clean before getting your juice, or it will taste like the last persons juice. Yuck! Also the manager "girl" should watch her mouth. She should not be yelling and talking down to employees in front of customers Rude!!
3	I drive past here twice a day and finally stopped to grab a sandwich.This is probably a better place to sit (inside or out) than to grab a to-go order. The selection of sandwiches is not great and I decided on a chicken salad. It is really a chicken salad, plate style, stuffed into bread. It was a good sandwich but not really suitable for eating in the car. Yes, I know I should not be eating in the car but sometimes needs must. I ordered a berry shake and the sandwich came with a side of fruit. It was definitely good but as I paid $18 it should be outstanding. My opinion, too mush $$ for a sandwich.
4	I visited on Nov. 02, since my daughter raved about the Ahi Tuna Tacos, she was insistent that I visit at least once. well...well...well, they were absolutely delicious. I had the Black Bean Burger. To date the best bean burger ever! Have patience, most items are made to order, so it's important to have a few minutes to spare and some good conversation. I am a fan and will go back on my next visit to Las Vegas. thanks for a nice experience.
1	11/24/2012 My spouse and I ate here this morning. Thinking we would support a small business in conjunction with the American Express Small Business Saturday, we decided to patronize this place. We entered and were met by one of the most angst-ridden characters I have ever encountered. Covered in arm-length tattoos, he was the epitome of lousy customer service. No welcome, no desire to answer questions, nothing except to take the order, and he seemed peeved to do that even! We had to ask for our own water, salt and pepper, garnish for the egg dish, and when my wife's very bland blueberry french toast arrived, and she asked for warm syrup, he responded, 'we don't have any'. Here's a clue: warm some up, you moron! The food was not very good and in fact was way over-priced. Not once as we were eating on the patio did anyone come out and ask if we needed anything or about the food, let alone thank us for coming in. Nothing. So we left the same as a tip. Here's a real tip to others: some small businesses should not stay in business and this is one of them. I expect the storefront to be vacant soon. To hire someone who is so bereft of customer service skills in this day and age, when business of all sorts are trying to stay above water, seems well beyond stupid. We will never visit this place again and would suggest others follow suit.
5	This is definitely my favorite lunch spot in Summerlin!  I love that I can enjoy a restaurant and feel confident that I made a healthy choice!
4	This place has what every foodie loves... Fresh local ingredients, friendly staff, perfect sized menu, bright, beautiful decor and an inviting atmosphere. As soon as we stepped foot inside, we were immediately greeted with a warm smile from the ever so friendly Sarah. She asked if we had ever been there before, which we hadn't, and told us a bit about the restaurant, where the specials were located, and gave us many recommendations. The walls are lined with diagrams of plants and little facts about food. The lighting fixtures are unique and add a nice touch of comfort without being overly bright. A+ for ambiance!For food, I ordered the DK Pasta which is wheat rigatoni with grilled chicken, Japanese eggplant, cherry tomatoes, micro arugula all in a light tomato sauce topped with pecorino romano cheese. This Plate of food was fantastic! Fresh, not heavy on the sauce, and the touch of pecorino on top was perfect! The dish was perfectly portioned, and after eating it you have the "i feel full, but in a good way" feeling. Love that feeling!!!My wife ordered the DK Chicken Sandwich which was made with roasted chicken, grapes, celery, pecans, Greek yogurt and arugula all on whole grain bread. She wasn't as much of a fan as she originally thought she would be. It was an odd choice for her, but figuring we were eating at a new, exciting spot, she figured, why not? Lets just say she finished my pasta and we took the sandwich to go. We also had their soup special of the day which was the Southwestern Veggie Soup which was made with black beans, roasted corn, onion, and carrots topped with tortilla strips and jack cheese. We were fooled into thinking the tortilla strips were going to add that perfect textural contrast, but... they did not. They were more like whole wheat tortilla pieces, laying on top of the soup, bathing. Not soggy, just flimsy and blah. The soup had good flavors, but didn't knock our socks off.For this to be so close to our house and us not visit would be a disservice to ourselves. This place will definitely be seeing much more of the Hurley family in the near future. Thanks Sarah for making us feel so welcome!
3	I like this place, you can get good healthy fare.  I think the prices are a little bit much though, and I'm not sure how recently it happened but everything went up a dollar.  I guess they can get away with it because it's Summerlin.If you're getting a salad, I highly recomend eating in.  I've ordered pick up before becuase my office is close by and the dine in size is at least 1/3 larger than the pick up size.  Also be prepared to eat outside and dress accordingly if you're going in during lunch time, becuase the inside area is small and it's almost always full.
4	Very small portions but good food nonetheless.  Healthy places like this are few and far between in Vegas.    Very yuppie crowd.
1	I was very disappointed this trip here.  I was in on the afternoon of 1/6/13. I have been there many times & have been treated great and had great food.  I was horrified at what took place that day, that I just got up and left and did not touch my food.  I have Celiacs.  They post that they serve gluten free products, and they are a wellness bar.  I have been there before and explained it.  I loved the ahi tuna tacos and the chef before had made them for me using lettuce as a wrap and no sauce (soy sauce does have gluten in it).  I ordered them as usual (no sauces & lettuce wrap) & explained to the little counter girl that I cannot have gluten.  I got my order and there was carrots on it that have been soaked in something and had soy sauce on it.  I took it back to the counter & asked what had the carrots been in.  She talked to the chef & he said they were pickled. I asked the chef if it contained soy sauce.  It turns out it had been.  I explained that I am Celiacs and cannot have gluten at all and it was in there.  They were more than happy to make me a new one.  When I got it back,1 minute later.  All the chef had done was take the carrots off and serve it back to me.  There was still soy sauce all over the ahi.  If I ingested this, I would have been so sick.  I was appalled at this.  I just left.  If you say you carry gluten free products and are a wellness place, I would hope that you know ingesting something you are allergic too would make your costumers sick.  I will never go back here again.
4	I enjoy this place because it is a great place to meet up with a friend for lunch while still having tasty, healthy options. My favorite thing to get is the Grilled Veggie Wrap with a side of fruit. Without a drink, it will set you back a little over $8. I've also tried their Thai Chicken Wrap and though it was really bad. It was literally a bunch of sprouts and tasted like nothing.Overall, I will continue to come here on occasion for a healthy treat but it will never be a regular spot for me as it is really expensive.
3	I had Daily Kitchen for the first time yesterday... My Doctor's friend bought us lunch.. who doesn't love free food? ;]]]I thought the food was pretty good and I love the whole "healthy" aspect of it.. Even the togo boxes looked all cute and recycled hahaKale Salad - Kale and avocado.. nothing creative or delicious but the dressing was awesome.Turkey Meatball Rigatoni - 3 yummy meatballs with standard tomato sauce & pasta..Ahi Tuna Tacos - comes with 3 tacos and they were DELICIOUS.. i loved the micro greens that were in the tacos and the wheat tortillas.. The fish was pretty fresh tasting too.. goes well with the kale salad dressing haha..The food was just average to me... I probably will go back to "dine-in" and so I can get some more ahi tuna tacos.. I don't know if it's because we did take out but the portions seemed a bit small to me for the price.. hmmm
5	This place rocks now that they squeeze their juice per order. Great food!
5	What ever they're doing to their Seared Ahi tuna DON'T STOP THE GOODNESS!Food:AHI TUNA TACOS: 5/5Seared ahi tuna with pickled daikon & carrots, micro cilantro, avocado, and a CREAMY PONZO SAUCE tucked away heavenly in a whole wheat tortilla. By far the BEST seared ahi tuna tacos I've EVER HAD. What ever they're doing to their seared ahi tuna ... its crazy delicious. The flavors just pop and mix so well. The dish comes with 3 tacos and I'm a firm believer in portion size but after 3 tacos that went out the window. I wanted more:)DK PROTEIN PLATE 5/5Seared ahi tuna GLUTEN FREE dish is a plus, big helping of fresh ingredients: arugula, romaine, mushrooms, sprouts, artichoke hearts Proteins: tofu, hardboiled egg and sunflower seeds with a citrus vinaigrette.
1	I grabbed a couple salads to go here and wished I would have stopped some where else.  Both salads were chopped iceberg and romaine lettuce lacked flavor and were not fresh.  I added tuna to mine and the fish was not fresh, in fact I didn't finish eating it because I feared becoming ill.  My sweetie ordered the Thai Chicken Salad and was equally unimpressed.  He kept finding ice pieces and neither of us finished our meals.  We will not be returning.
3	The quick truth of Daily Kitchen and Wellness Bar - good juice; mediocre food.Being pregnant and constantly trying to provide my baby with nutritious goodness, during a recent trip to Vegas I went on a hunt for a good health food spot. Just as a heads up, this place is quite a drive away from downtown and the strip, so even if you have a car at your disposal, this place isn't quite worth the trek if you're staying in that area. I thought the juice was good - fresh and nutritious. I had a wheat grass shot which was also good (or as good as a wheat grass shot could be) and was served up with a slice of orange, which I appreciated. The quinoa salad was unfortunately disappointing. To be fair, the girl taking my order told me that the salad is mostly quinoa, but the amount of quinoa compared to the tofu and snap peas was a bit ridiculous and far beyond what I was expecting, even with the warning. This was literally a gigantic bowl of bland quinoa with a sprinkling of everything else on top. I made the mistake of mixing everything together, which just caused me to lose the other salad elements within the quinoa. It's unfortunate, because what I could take from the toppings were actually good, and the salad could have been tasty if the amount of quinoa was cut in half. Decently priced overall. Staff was friendly.
5	Great food, great service, great place to sit outside. My new favorite place to eat something healthy and quick.
2	I actually work next door to this place and I go there for lunch sometimes, but lately the food has not been very consistent. I say that because I order the DK Protein salad for my 30minute lunch, it was made with spring mix lettuce, everything was good until I finish half of the salad and then the rest of the lettuce was very bad and wilted, with black moldy parts of the leaf like its been sitting in the bowl for days. I didn't have time to take it back, because my lunch break was almost over. It was disappointing but I gave it another chance the next week and order the same DK Protein Salad but this time the lettuce is different, it's not the spring mix lettuce but a different type of green lettuce chopped up. i feel that if you used a certain type of lettuce and is written on the menu that thats what you should use all the time and not switch it every week and half way through my salad there was a piece of hair and a gnat in it. Running short on time again I had to throw it out. I'm very upset because the salad is not cheap and its not made with fresh lettuce and/or making sure its cleaned, especially for a healthier restaurant. Also the fruits are hit and miss, probably won't be supporting the place anymore.
4	If the name sounds familiar but doesn't ring a bell, Daily Kitchen & Wellness occupies the former Rachel's Kitchen space. They're part of the LEV Restaurant Group who is responsible for the opening of I  Burgers, Lobster Me, and many of the CBTLs and Jamba Juices in the Vegas valley. They've also announced their plans to expand DK and CBTL into the under-construction Downtown Grand. It's always a pleasant surprise to find healthy food that doesn't resemble a pile of raw vegetables. Post workout, my BFF Tida C. introduced me to this healthy (and totally post-workout appropriate) spot to eat and drink clean after a sesh at LVAC guilt-free. While I can only vouch for the Ahi Tuna Tacos and the juices, I wouldn't be surprised if I made this a regular stop. Little else really stood out to me on the menu. Most of it sounded like something I make at home: egg scrambles, kale salads, chicken wraps--you catch my drift.Being relatively healthful with vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options and also located in a most likely very expensive Summerlin stripmall, prices are a little up there. Not to say DK will break the bank, but you can expect to spend $10-15 on food alone. They have a menu of fresh made-to-order juices like the Harmony (cucumber, kale, spinach, apple & lemon juice) and the Restore (apple, beet, carrot, lemon) that are $7. They're pretty delicious so I wouldn't skip them! If you order like I do you'll ring up a tab around $20. My combo of choice is the Ahi Tuna Tacos ($12.95 for 3): 2 fairly large slices of seared ahi, a slaw of pickled daikon and carrots, micro cilantro, avocado,and creamy ponzu sauce wrapped in wonderfully soft whole wheat tortillas. The flavors are delicious and perfectly balanced. I don't think I'll ever order anything else!
1	Don't eat here way over priced. $15 for 3 asparagus spears, 2 tbsp. of spinach and 4 tiny slices of tuna. Go down the street to Rachel's kitchen much more bang for your buck.
3	It's been almost a year since I've been to DK, mainly because I frequent Juice n Go now for my acai bowl fixes.  I used to think that DK's acai bowl was the best in town, but that was last year.  Since then, the price has gone up and it's not as good as i remember.  I was in the neighborhood and decided to stop by the old stomping grounds, but, sad to say, I was disappointed. I can tell things have changed because the picture I took in 2012 of the acai bowl is totally different than the 2013 version. $8.95 for a bowl that didn't even come with granola, a staple ingredient in acai bowls.  Is this the way it always was? I know it wasn't.  Customers can choose three items from an ingredient list to create their acai bowls and granola is one of the items--huh?  I guess I'm just used to a traditional bowl having strawberries, bananas, granola, and coconut, as served at Juice N Go and Rachel's Kitchen.  The price is too steep for me to be back, but now I know.
4	I've eaten there a few times and the food is fabulous! I love the protein puddings as a quick snack after a workout. I'm not a huge fan of pancakes, but their oatmeal pancakes are to die for! I also love their pasta marinara with and without the meat sauce. I've also had their fresh juices - which are pretty awesome! I prefer to eat healthy when I eat out and they have great options that are super tasty!
4	Love the smoothies an Immunity drink
5	Had the ahi tuna tacos they were fantastic. The staff couldn't have been more pleasant. If you don't like fish get the fajitas.
2	With a name like "Daily Kitchen and Wellness Bar" I think they should have healthier menu options. Almost all of their food contains animal products. It seems that a restaurant focused on delivering a healthy fair would have several plant based offerings. When they first opened... options were better... but their menu has changed and only a few vegan options remained. I am confused in regards to their mission.
3	I wanted to love this place, and drove 20 minutes to get there from Henderson, but it was just mediocre. I'm still confused why the salad I ordered - the Mediterranean - said it came with bulgur but actually had quinoa instead. I like quinoa, but I also like to get the ingredients that are listed on the menu. I also expected nice staff, but was treated with indifference. No need to go back here again.
5	This is an AMAZING place for those who are in to healthy eating! Every time I'm in Vegas, the trip isn't complete until I've been to The Daily Kitchen at LEAST once! The staff is SO POLITE & efficient! And the food, smoothies, juice, and acai bowls - SO DELICIOUS!! I can HIGHLY recommend the Wasabi Salmon Sandwich! A check in on Four Square will get you FREE food! Check it out!! WELL WORTH the trip!
5	Delicious! I ordered the ahi tacos and they were fresh and very tasty. My kids loved the grilled cheese and quesadilla. For a kids meal it was really big and it came with a really big bowl of fruit!
1	Congratulations! You've successfully served me the worst sandwich I've ever had in my life. You also coupled it with really bad service. Thumbs down, way down.I'm all about health and fitness, but this was hands down the worst meal I've ever had out, taste-wise. We were so repulsed by the food that we contemplated asking for a refund. Let me add that we're the least difficult people ever--we've both been servers before and appreciate people in the customer service industry. This was just one of those things that we wish we could un-eat.We got some sort of wrap and salmon burger (I posted it in the gallery--don't be fooled, we made it look way better in the picture than it actually is). The wrap was okay, if I had to rate it on a scale of 1-10 it would be around a 4. The tortilla was kind of hard and dry, but the inside was edible. The salmon burger, however, I would give a negative rating to if I could. The bread was stale, dry, and overtook the burger with just a tiny little pathetic piece of salmon (which was also dry and flavorless) in between. The sweet potato fries were cold and soggy. If you look at the picture and read my description, you will see that there is barely any salmon in the burger. And again, we took a good "foodie" picture that made it look way better than it was.Let me also just add that it took FOREVER for us to get our food. It wasn't even busy, the girls working there seemed really poorly trained because my boyfriend mentioned they were yelling back and forth between the kitchen for messed up orders. Fine, if they were nice about it. They were not. This place will not be our choice to stop by, ever again (shame, cause I'm local).
2	I have to start by saying I think the food is delicious. However, it's not good food alone that will keep the customers coming back. I ordered an acai bowl which was served to go in a plastic container with a plastic spoon.  Even though we were there together, my fellow diner was served her pancakes on an actual plate. Lucky her. When she asked if she could have fruit on top of the pancakes, she was advised there were blueberries on top, even though they were only served inside. The cashier did not know what the restaurant week menu was, and another gentleman came out of the kitchen to show the ladies working the counter something urgent on his iphone. Lack of professionalism and a poor understanding of the menu turns great food into a poor experience.
2	I've contemplated writing a review on them multiple times however today I lost it. I Iive close and like healthy food so it's an easy go to however no longer will i be going here. From future experience I know if you're not eating there it's best to call in because they are VERY slow. I called in my ONE wrap they said 10 mins, I got there 15 mins after it wasn't ready yet so I paid and sat patiently. After 15 mins went by I walked up asked if it was almost done they all stared at each other as it had been sitting up there for god knows how long. WORSE CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER
3	Still on my health kick, (hey, it's a life-time commitment!), and now I know there are at least 2 healthy places to eat within a 5 minute drive from home. Daily Kitchen and Wellness Bar is one of them. The first thing I noticed is, wow - this place is tiny! Probably the same size as my living room. It is probably one of the smallest places that I have eaten at in Las Vegas. At least there is room to eat outside if the place ever gets full (note: there are no misters). I ordered the Spicy Thai Chicken Wrap. It was just OK. The ingredients seemed fresh. Lacked a little in the seasoning department. I didn't really taste much the Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce - perhaps if they used a little more of it, it wouldn't taste so plain. Was it worth the almost $10 they charge for this wrap? I didn't think so. My partner's wrap, on the other hand, was tasty. She had the Mediterranean Wrap. It had me thinking about falafels the whole day! I didn't order any of the fresh juices, but did notice that the price is a bit higher than the "other" place.Hmmm... pancakes are on the menu... I may have to come back and try that.
3	Food was good, but not good enough to justify the prices.
1	Today- they get one star. I find it frustrating when you pay for a 16 oz juice and they fill it 3/4 of the way.
3	I enjoyed my visit to this place. I ordered the most healthy smoothie and they told me they didn't have the spinach. I let the counter person pick the second choice. Berry something. $ 11 for a 16 ounce smoothie. Their sign says 6.50.  The white text on light green sign note below the words says sonerhing unreadable.  So who knows why it said one price and cost double. Maybe the 6.50 is a 8 oz?  The decore is modern and clean looking.  Judging by what the competition looks like and costs I would say its worth 8 bucks tops. The staff was efficient and made it up quickly at 6:30 pm. Not the rush hour.  I went off my path to find this place. If I Happen to be in this shopping center again I would go here. Otherwise I'll search and go out of my way to try another place.
4	Juices are amazing, they have a great balance of flavor.  As far as the menu goes I would love to see more vegaterian/vegan options.  However I do like how they mix up their specials to give you variety.
2	Ok so I get the fact that they are suppose to be healthy and fresh but $8 for a juice? That's crazy and it wasn't even good. There are a couple other places that this place mimics just down the street, I think I'll only go to one of them from one on.
5	Went for the first time yesterday and when you check-in with Foursquare you get either a free breakfast or juice drink. I got the Traditional Breakfast and OMG it was enormous and so delicious! The girls behind the counter were so accommodating and gracious--I modified my breakfast different from the menu and they had the chef prepare it to perfection! And it was FREE! Are you kidding me? They have a great juice menu too. I will go back for sure and I highly recommend!
2	I got the restore juice and I sub the beets for strawberries and they clearly didn't do that for me. I had to force myself to drink it. The turkey burger got me full but it wasn't good enough for me to come back here. And the sweet potato fries, horrible! I ordered grilled chicken for my son and I received a grilled cheese. Definitely not coming back......
4	I totally fell in love with this place today! BF and I are on a health food kick but still like dining out- the reviews here made me order the Ahi Tuna Tacos and the Mediterranean chicken wrap, add chicken. We split the orders, along with a side of Brussels sprouts, and were both full and happy, for just under $30. Not bad!First impression is that this place is small but organized, and has a light and natural decor scheme. I like the grass theme that managed to be everywhere from the walls to the window stickers and the menu. The TV-screen menu with images of each dish was a nice touch.I'm not usually an ahi tuna taco fan, but when you see so many reviews in a row raving about them, you try them. And, here at Daily Kitchen, I think I found a new favorite dining-out dish! The three tacos are a hefty portion and the tacos themselves are super tasty, with a spicy sauce that sneaks up on you, a light and crunchy slaw for texture and extra veggies, and a good amount of fresh ahi. I think I could eat these three times a week and not get bored. I may even try to test that theory- they're that good. Pricing is okay- for $13, I had expected a side.The Mediterranean wrap on lavash with chicken is gigantic. I didn't finish my half and took it home for later. The lavash wrap is light, and the wrap is packed with tons of grilled chicken ($3 add on cost, great serving size), creamy hummus, and veggies. I only found one kalamata olive in my half, which is a good thing because their flavor is so strong that it totally overpowers the bite that it's in.  Serving size was very good on this, and the brussels sprout side was also a giant and delicious portion- I'm not sure what was on them, if they were just cooked in olive oil or if there was liquid crack in the saute, but they were phenomenal. Way better value than a generic side of sweet potato fries- though to be fair, I haven't tried them here.Mark this down as a new favorite place for us! Might try the beet salad next time, but still sticking to the ahi tacos.
2	First and foremost I give it two stars for the location and the possibility of good food. Came here this morning to grab a smoothie and shine munchies before a meeting. I saw kale chips on the menu so I asked the girl behind the counter if they were freshly made. She said yes. I ordered that and a smoothie. The green one (spinach coconut banana and soy milk) they made the smoothies and I asked how long my kale chips would be. She said oh they're right here. They were packaged. I replied with oh, they're not made here? All I got was a shrug. I started reading the package and I noticed on each of the three kind of kale chips they had each one had cashews in them. I must have told the girls of my nut allergy at least 3 times in this brief conversation. When I informed her of the cashews she said oh I didn't know that was a nut. Smh... I said ok what else can I have in place of these. She said the glutino gluten free pretzles. The kind you can get at whole foods for about $3-$4. They were charging $7. I said ok just to make sure, the smoothies don't have nuts right? They said no. The first sip I had gave me asthma for the rest of the day. Awesome. I will never return. To whoever owns this venu: please hire people who at least pretend to care....
5	I loved the selection of healthy food and the friendliness of the staff. I tried the turkey wrap with a side salad and restore juice, it was all excellent. It's definitely pricier than going to panera but the quality and freshness are so worth the extra money. I'll be back for sure!
2	I really hate to do this- updating a review with a lower star score. I raved about this place not two months ago and had an amazing first visit. I came back this evening  specifically because it was so awesome. I ordered nearly the exactly the same thing...but it feels like I was at an entirely different restaurant- and not in a good way.Ordered the ahi tuna tacos for myself, again, and my guy opted for the spicy thai chicken wrap this time, with the same side of Brussels sprouts. Tacos were not as big as last time, and other than the fish, they only contained carrots (no cilantro?), one lonely avocado slice, and a squirt of sauce. What was fresh and popping with flavor last time was underwhelming and bland this time, and the bottoms of the tacos were drenched to the point that they were nearly soggy with lime juice (or maybe it was water from the carrots?) and dripping everywhere.The wrap had a lot of very spicy sauce- possibly meant to drown out the small amount of dry chicken. Wrap, like the tacos, had noticeably less filling this time, and the flavor was off balance: proportions wrong, overwhelming sauce, not much else to speak of.Even the sprouts, so delicious and flavorful last time, were the last item out and somehow undercooked- left half the bowl behind, flavorless and rock-hard.I have no idea what happened.The food wasn't anywhere near as good as our first visit. I'll give them one more try, maybe today was an off day, but the differences were like night and day... I want the tacos I had in March back! :(
1	This place is much too expensive for the food that you get also the staff is completely incompetent and rude.  I wish there was zero star raining because that is what they deserve. I live in the area and every time I have come here it has been a huge disappointment from the Mediterranean salad and turkey chili to the acai bowl it's just too expensive. The girl at the counter told me that there is no nutrition information available for this place so pretty much you don't really know what you are eating. Terrible!!!
5	FINALLY! A place that makes a decent acai bowl! The facilities are nice, clean, modern, and of course has that very nice organic and healthy ambiance. They offer a good selection of menu items that are healthy. I came in and ordered their acai bowl.I ordered the Vegas Bowl acai. It was amazing, and close enough to the acai bowl the Cove girls in Hawaii make. It was made with honey, raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, banana, greek yogurt, and granola. It was super refreshing and had that nice thick, smoothie-like consistency to it. (As much as I love Juice 'N' Go's acai drink..I just love my acai bowls thick and smoothie-like, not in a liquid, juice-like consistency.) The greek yogurt is definitely a good twist to it to even out the sweetness of the bowl. It had just enough honey in there too (although you can never have too much honey in your acai bowl.)I can't wait to go back to try their other menu items. The pan seared ahi tuna taco looks so fresh and maze-balls! Also the spicy thai chicken wrap.
2	Ordered their special portobello wrap and there was hardly any Porto in it. Probably not even half of one. It was mostly spinach and the sun dried tomato was so hard I couldn't eat it. Plus it took 25 mins for two items to come out. They lost my service.
5	Great spot, great food.  I love coming here for breakfast or even grabbing it to go.  Currently my go to hangover cure lol.  Staff here is friendly and sweet, doesn't hurt that they are all very pretty also.  Everyone is smiling and they seem to enjoy coming to work.  We all know how rare that can be.Food is healthy, simple and delicious.  I have yet to try anything that I didn't like.  My first choice is the DK Breakfast Wrap but I also recommend the DK Acai Bowl.  You won't regret either and under $10 is a deal.
2	I was so exited to come here and try some of the food since some friends recommended  this place !!! First of all I was looking at the menu and I had no idea what to get since it doesn't describe or have any details on what you getting !! It was my first time here so it took me awhile to order!! Second I think it's a little pricey !!! I got the dk breakfast wrap , green paradise smoothie and the acai bowl!!!  The wrap was good !! My smoothie was aight I still don't know what was in it !!! And the acai bowl was aight !!! I would rather spend my money at greens and proteins !!!
4	Absolutely love this place. I want to give it five stars but I've only tried the breakfast wrap and fruit. My new favorite place! If you're a health food lover like I am I think you'll really like this place. I'll review again next time I make it here. I don't like the prices they're a but high, also like another yelper mentioned they don't describe the item in the menu so it makes it a but hard to order. Thank God they weren't busy. I get pretty excited when I find healthy places to eat in Vegas! I can't wait to come back.
1	Came here for a late lunch with my husband and was impressed with the decor of the place- it looks so welcoming. I particularly like how they designed the store, clean menu on the board and clean environment, with loads of green and healthy colors. Love it! And that's pretty much the only thing I like about this place. That and the friendly customer service here.That being said, it is a food place after all, so my review is based solely on the food that I've received. My husband ordered the Mediterranean wrap with sweet potato fries and I got the Soba Noodle salad with grilled chicken.Let's start with my soba noodle salad. First of all, the grilled chicken (which I paid an extra $3 for) is dry and there's hardly any taste to it. The soba noodle salad has hardly any dressing on it - it's basically warm egg noodles on top of a bed of spinach and asparagus, with sliced avocados. The noodles weren't even mixed in properly with the rest of the bowl- it's just a lump of dry noodles on top of vegetables. Oh, and there's some soba dressing at the bottom of my bowl, which is just mediocre light soy sauce. There is hardly any taste to my meal, and I had to mix in some condiments I found on the drinks counter to give it a little more taste. And this costs me $10.95 (not including the grilled chicken for $3)! Are you kidding me? I totally felt ripped off. I know this place is supposed to serve food that is good for your health and overall wellness, but I don't think that meant serving half-hearted meals that are dry and tasteless. Coming from LA, I've been to enough places that focuses on serving food that is healthy and good for you (and they are really good by the way!), and this is by far, the worst that I've had.My husband's mediterranean wrap is soggy and tastes mediocre. The sweet potato fries is probably the best thing we have, and I hardly think that's a compliment.Unless the food improves, we won't be back. Sorry.
5	One of the best healthy restaurants I've been to on the west coast! It's hard to find an eatery in Vegas that is a 100% healthy. Most restaurants over a healthier menu, or a healthier option, but at Daily Kitchen there is almost too much to choose from! My favorite is the daily kitchen wrap with eggs, turkey bacon, spuds, and salsa! Amazing!!
5	Has delicious acai bowls and the omelette with spinach and goat cheese is bomb! Great wellness shots! Always make me feel better and clean me out!
2	Oven Roasted Turkey wrap for $8.95 with sandwich meat turkey and barely any avocados...what a waste of lunch calories.  Should have went to my regular G&P spot.  The seasonal fruit side was good, but I'll pass on any wrap.  It was plain and the cilantro mayo is watery.  Not sure I'll be back.  Took a risk to try something new and I'm a bit disappointed I did.
5	Based solely on the protein scramble, I plan to be back many times.  The chicken in the scramble had a nice char to it.  Altogether appetizing!
4	All I can say is WOW!! Their DK acai bowl sends you to an acai heaven! All the perfect ingredients mixed into one bowl of goodness. I love how they blend the berries with almond milk. Any of their acai bowls are great for a morning breakfast or healthy snack whenever you're hungry.
1	I used to love this place, but our food this weekend was absolutely terrible. We will not be returning.
3	Came here for a post workout brunch and got what I expected: somewhat blan health food. Don't get me wrong, the presentation on the plate was nice and the food was decent, but it is definitely nothing to write home about.I got the Spicy Thai Chicken wrap, of which was decent. The tortilla was somewhat dry and the wrap didn't have enough dressing. I had to go back up and get some more dressing which made the wrap taste a lot better.We had 5 people in our party who ordered food and each tray came out individually. Of course mine came out last, so by the time I started on my food the first person had already finished their meal. The one thing that they do have here that is REALLY GOOD is their acai bowl. Would I recommend this place? Probably not. Would I recommend against it? Probably not. It's perfect if you're nearby and looking for a healthy alternative, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
