3	Very cheap and open later than most ethic restaurants on State Street (unless you count Qdoba as ethinc!)  Get a good meal with sizeable portions for $5-6.  Can be a little crowded....ok...a LOT...and the tables are a little small....but hey you can eat here for the same price as McDonalds, so who is complaining?
4	Great, fresh food made with care and love.   Chat with the owner sometime.  He treats each $5 plate of lamb beef like he was serving it to his kin.
5	If I was told I could only eat at one State Street restaurant for the rest of my  life, Med Cafe & Himal Chuli would have to battle it to the death... I have no idea how I would ever decide.  The food at Mediterranean Cafe is reasonably priced and always very fresh.  The staff is quite pleasant.  The only downside to Med Cafe, is that it may be best to take your food to go during the lunch rush, as it is quite difficult to score a table and it is usually extremely crowded.  Also you should be aware that in the summer months, they have tended to close earlier. (before 8pm) I have been madly in love with the falaffel plate for years. The hummus is awesome. Also try the ever slightly changing usually vegetarian soup with a side of pita bread-- it will cost you around $3 or less.  Don't worry meat eaters; they do usually have some chicken and beef items on the menu.
5	This place is spectacular.  The owner is as caring and thoughtful with his dishes as with his clientele.  I'm ever impressed at the healthy and tasty choices at such great prices.  It's not to be missed.
4	Tasty food, scads of vegetarian options, and friendly owners make up for the crampitude. Excellent Greek salad and spanikopita, great value... it genuinely feels like that little ethnic cafe you discover two corners down from your Paris apartment.
5	Best. Food. Ever. But only open until 4:30pm! And not Sundays either. Regardless, the Akin's plate has to be one of the premiere bang-for-your-buck meals on State Street.
5	Best hummus in town.  The prices are very reasonable and it just plain feels good in the dining room.  Its not fancy (you bus your own table) but the food is excellent.  I've seen it get crazy on game days but the numerous employees do a great job.  The workers are UW students I assume and they're friendly and considerate.  I'm always happy I went.
5	Great food and the people are always nice.  Roti Chicken with couscous for the lunch specials whenever I could, when I was in college there.  I grew up in Saudi Arabia, so this kinda stuff is comfort food for me.
3	I don't get all the hypes!! I only had a falafel wrap, and it wasn't 4 stars. And trust me, I've had the real deal back in CA. I'm not sure if they're getting that much traffic because there's no competition. I don't want to be too judgmental at this point. I'd go back and try another item from the menu (which looked quite extensive), and update my review.So here comes the update: It's been about 3months since I came here last time. Today, I tried Med cafe lunch for the second time. I ordered Tejime (or something that sounds like that) and a cup of arabic tea. Tejime is a dish with beef meat ball and stewed veggie served over rice. While the stewed veggies were tasty, the beef meatballs were way too salty for my taste. This was first time for me to try this particular dish, so I don't know whether or not that much salt was supposed to be in the recipe. Maybe the overly sweet arabic tea was supposed to neutralize the palette.  Anyway, after the second time around, i still give the 3 stars.
5	By far the best falafel and shawarma in town. Damn cheap too. Cozy little setting with lots of pictures from middle eastern countries. Only flipside is that it's really crowded during the lunch hour and there aren't as many tables as this place has fans (i mean the human variety...not the mechanical ones!)But boy, if I worked in the downtown area (which, unfortunately, I don't), I'd eat here every single day!!! No kidding!Btw, try their pistachio baklava....worth the calories.
5	The Mediterranean Cafe may be one of the most memorable places I've been to. The food, first of all, is great, I don't think I've ever had a bad meal. There are plenty of regular everyday things you can get like Shawarma and falafel, but there are also daily dishes that rotate, and they are excellent.  One that I always remember is the Chicken Apricot Pie (does it sound odd? Actually it's more like a pot pie than a fruit pie, but, well, sweetened). Anyway, good creative food, at a very reasonable price (rarely over 7$), and also the service is very fast. There are some technicalities that make it harder to eat here (it's busy at lunch, and it closes around 4 in the afternoon nowadays... way too early!), but overall, this is one of the best places in Madison.
5	Lamb/beef shawarma!  Fast/friendly service!  Cheap/affordable food!  Easy/convenient location!What/else/could/you/want/for/lunch?
5	Everything you try on the menu is guaranteed to be flavorful, warm, and satisfying (and under $7).  The specials change daily and are always unique.  It gets crazy at lunchtime, with both a bunch of staff members ready to help you and a line out the door, but it is certainly worth it.  Only complaint: not open for dinner or Sundays so that I can eat it more often.
4	Delicious.Fast.Cheap.I guarantee you will leave fat and happy!
5	Best Mediterranean food in Madison and Milwaukee that we've had so far.  Cozy space, friendly servers and best flavored Shawarma period.  Must try if you are on state street!
5	delicious, cheap eats - they move quickly, their food is good, and i ate here nearly daily for a summer.i'm a creature of habit - always the lamb and beef schwarma in a pita, no tehini (i'm not a condiment person).  only one other place in madison with decent schwarma, although theirs is a little different, is king of falafel.  either are solid choices!
5	Two words: cheap, delicious. Easily one of the best lunches in Madison.  The Lamb/Beef shwarma is my favorite, either in a sandwich or added to the top of a greek salad. The tahini can be a bit overwhelming if you're not its biggest fan, but you can always sub it out for the cucumber yogurt instead.  Also delicious is the Avgo soup. The people who work here are super-friendly and food is ready in a flash.  The place is always really crowded, but the food is worth the wait. If it's a nice day, just get your food to go.  Cash only, so be prepared for that.
5	mmm DELICOUS, that sums Med Cafe up pretty good!  It's a great summer meal and I love the lamb shwarma plate with hummus and a salad! The service their is great too, I'd take it to go, it gets pretty crowded and warm inside.
5	Delicious food, fast and friendly service.  I'll sing the praises of the Shawarma, as others have before me.  Its great on a plate or in a sandwich.  They've got good (albeit sweet) Arabic Tea, and the bean soup is a killer deal for the amount of heartiness it delivers.  Med Cafe - Hooray!
5	On of the best lunch spots on State St.  Super quick service - but there is always a line out the door.  Excellent food.
4	Cheap, delicious, lunchtime Mediterranean fare.  All your favorites are here.  Watch out as they may franchise this place around the country.Warning:  when they close, they close, period.  With the continuous crowd, they don't have to cater to malingerers or late-comers.
4	Great, inexpensive food. The only downside is the limited seating, but I suppose that's part of its charm.
5	Best quick cheap food in town.  Wish they were open more but hey that's part of their pull
4	I seriously love this place, it's one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  Really delicious food, super fast, friendly staff, comfortable atmosphere- yes a bit small, but State's St. is a nice place to eat outside, anyways.  But seriously those hours are the worst (They close super early in the afternoon)!  I get that they've always called the shots in that but booo.  That's the only reason they don't get five stars.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in town. Love the collection of lamps in the ceiling. The lack of seating makes you have this huge adrenaline rush to wonder " will I be able to sit down or say my order super, super slow in hopes someone will stand up while I am still being served?  Exciting I tell you !The food is so cheap it is amazing the mint tea is incredible strong and has so much sugar bring your insulin ( this is a traditional preparation real sugar no corn syrup/fake sweetners) all hand made food fresh..Apricot chicken is usually on the specials now I am a vegetarian but I tell you I still would want to order it ..that is how good it is! They have plenty of vegi dishes..The salad is huge they serve on the side not an icebergy lettuce leaf to be found this is food like you make for yourself when you treat yourself right. Go there today! They close at 4 on Sat!
5	Thanks again Yelp. This place was a great find.  It's not a big space inside and there's a simple menu to order from.  The food came out lightning quick and it looked and tasted delicious.  The portion was just right and it made for a great quick meal.  Definitely echo the recommendations if you are in the mood for tasty Mediterranean food.
5	Good food!  Bring CASH!
4	Haha, good times. My favorite memory was when my to-be-unnamed acquaintance who I was eating with got yelled at by the owner!  This is a positive review since the guy was a jerk anyway.  Bottom line is that this is a real deal local place and the guy that runs it doesn't take any crap.Note that it has limited hours (basically just weekday lunchtime) and that you must pay in cash.  The motley crew of young student types that work there are sincere and helpful, just trying to get people fed and out the door!
5	We loved ordering from this place when I was working on campus. They have some weird hours though. $ for the Swarma plate--we just called that dish the Delicious.
4	I came to this restaurant during lunch hour for one thing and one thing only: the $5.50 Akin's Plate with beef/lamb served on a bed of yellow rice (not sure what makes it yellow, saffron I'm guessing), tomato/cucumber salad, and the white sauce (tzatziki??). Yum..And if you're like me who doesn't enjoy her foods to be smothered by anything saucy, you can get the sauce on the side. Super Yummy with a big capital Y. Best bang for your buck, seriously..!!
4	There is a line outside the door every day at lunch time. When I walk in, I hear so much Arabic flying back and forth that I think I crept in to a back-alley shawerma stand in Jerusalem. Take these things as you will. I've brought a few people here who were very unimpressed, but that's just because they've spent significant portions of their lives in the Middle East. My obviously-homesick Arabic teachers love this place. You, on the other hand, are probably a white yuppie who can't tell the difference between koshary and mansaf. While the taste is not truly reminiscent of the Arab world, it is about as close as you're going to get in Madison.In my honest opinion, the falafel is shit, and the chicken shawerma is nothing special. My 4 stars are for the lamb/beef shawerma, which is excellent. Get the lamb/beef shawerma, and only the lamb/beef shawerma.Portions are also uncharacteristically small for this kind of cuisine. Expect to spend a decent sum in order to get full.Also, I'd eat here a hell of a lot more often if they actually accepted plastic.
5	Basically, if you are downtown and want cheap and delicious food check out Med Cafe. They are the absolute BEST Mediterranean food you can find in Madison. Anyone I've brought to Med Cafe have LOVED it. The salad is great. The rice is great. The main dishes are great. The arabic tea is great. I love basically everything about Med Cafe. I worked there for a few months and the owners are all REALLY good to their employees. Everyone is super nice. And I can tell you as someone who worked there that their ingredients are really good. Everything is made from scratch. I heard they aren't open for dinner anymore. Which is too bad.
4	I'm not from Madison, so I decided to eat at Mediterranean Cafe after reading some of the reviews. I ordered the lamb shawarma plate which comes with lamb, rice, salad, hummus and warm sliced pita bread. For my drink, I ordered the Arabic tea which I thought was good, but a little too sugary for my taste. My meal was a little over $8, so it was cheap and pretty good. The employees were pretty nice too.I thought they could have given additional pita bread with the meal (came with 5 or 6 small pieces). The tea was good but way too sweet for me. They don't accept credit cards (cash or check only) and the place was pretty small, so be aware if you have a larger group. A group of 4 or less would work for this cafe. Overall, I liked this place. This would be a good place to eat for a quick lunch when you don't want the normal fast food joints around the area.
4	Mediterranean Cafe is delicious, and it is cheap to boot!  The only downers are that they only take cash and there is always a line out the door for lunch.  However, if you want to be seated the line does move fairly quickly and they will start on your food before you're seated.
5	Med Cafe is one of the most delicious places if you are looking for a quick and inexpensive meal downtown. Don't let the prices fool you, the portions are great and the food is amazing. I always get the same thing: the chicken shawarma plate. Comes with pita bread, a salad, hummus, rice and delicious chicken; all for around $7-8. Food is made fresh and comes fast!Don't let the looks of this place fool you, its small with less than great decor. But the food and the service more than makes up for it!!It gets super crowded around lunchtime, especially during the school year. So be prepared!
4	shawarma lamb+beef plate. A+!
5	Mediterranean Cafe is one of the few places on State Street that has a clue about what they're doing.  These people work hard and run a very efficient, friendly, and affordable operation-- you get a very good meal very fast and that is rare around here.  Please, please, please open for dinner!
5	Love love love Med cafe for a quick lunch. I've only been on Saturdays at around 12, and haven't had problems with long waits for tables inside. I've also only had the shawarma plate, which comes with lamb/beef slices, yogurt sauce, hummus, pita, rice, and a salad (about $7). I think it's the perfect amount/variety of food for a lunch, and it's filling but not super heavy. The people behind the counter are very nice, as previous yelpers have mentioned. I know that this will be added into our regular lunch rotation!
5	It's Good! It's cheap! What more could you ask for?...well, maybe some more seating and them staying open for dinner.But I love this place and have never had a bad meal there. Ever! Do the Akin's Plate, the yogurt sauce is awesome. Homemade soups for $1.50! Great employee's too! You can eat like a king for about $8.50!
4	Echoing the last review...it's good! it's cheap! My $4.50 Mediterranean Sandwich wasn't perfect, but it was tasty, fresh, and large. The small mug for water is a touch annoying, and I always feel like a bull in a china shop trying to get through their tiny space.Overall, an excellent place for lunch, especially if one likes hummus! Great hummus.
5	awesome! awesome! awesome!Great food, okay prices.  Just remember to bring cash!The place is TINY though, don't bring more than 4 people if you plan on sitting together.
3	Food: 4Decor: 2Service: 23.5 stars, rounding down because they forgot my water. Come here if you want fast, cheap, and decent Mediterranean food.1. Chicken shawarma, 7 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oezMXnkdUQMuMH7RuKaiyw?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQNot bad. Food came out almost as soon as I got a seat, and it was all decent.If I went to school around here, I'd probably come here pretty often. FYI, they're CASH ONLY.
4	Great lunch spot, bring cash!
5	I LOVE MED CAFE!!! This was a staple lunch spot for me during my college years.  I always went with the staple Schwarma plate with the lame and beef (the chicken is also delicious). The hummus is spectacular. In addition, they have daily specials and soup!THINGS TO EXPECT:a long line during lunchcash onlyweird hours (closes at 4 and closed sundays)crowded if you in in the restaurantmore food when you order to-go (just my hypothesis)It looks random from the outside, but it is a madison hot spot!! On a nice day, bring it to the terrace and enjoy some beer and the lake :)
2	I'm all for the ambiance - the cozy setting, the uniquely decorated walls, and the wornness of the furniture.  Expect a wait for a table during lunch rush hour, since there aren't more than 10 tables within the 4 walls of this place.  Turnaround seems to be pretty quick and efficient though.  Also, don't forget your George's and Abe's bc this joint is cash only.I had high hopes for my chicken hummus plate, but I was let down.  The salad was really acidic, the chicken shawarma tasted like it had been sitting in a lukewarm water bath all day, and the hummus was just meh.  Pita Inn blows this place out of the water.
5	It's hard to beat Med Cafe!  With consistently delicious food, cheap prices and wonderful staff, Med Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants on State St.  If they have the chicken chutney on special, ask for the Akin's Plate with chutney on top.  It's amazing!  Their yogurt sauce and hummus are delicious as well.  While only open  till 4:30pm on most days and closed on Sundays, Med Cafe is worth the trip down St. Street for lunch.
4	Best hummus in town, hands-down. Might be my favorite hummus ever. It is the creamy kind, so if you like chunky hummus . . . you are looking in the wrong place. Other highlights are the awesome, friendly service (the owner works the counter and hires really kind people), the inexpensive prices (regulars know that you can get soup over rice for about $3), and the Avgolemono soup.Warning: the falafel--which should be stellar at a Mediterranean restaurant--is not Med Cafe's strong suit. It's pretty dry.
4	Med Cafe is great, the lamb shawarma is delicious. Takeout is usually more convenient, as seating is a little limited. Oh, and they really should take cards. But they don't.
5	If you're looking for a great plate of food in Madison for under $10, you just aren't going to do any better than Mediterranean Cafe. I believe it's run by a father/son from Algeria, so it's more Middle-Eastern-focused, but none of the food is really that foreign/adventurous, just solid, typical Arabic-style mediterranean food. It's unassuming from the outside (and pretty cramped on the inside), but the food is always superb.I typically get the lamb shawarma plate, which comes with lamb, hummus, mixed greens salad and pita bread. The hummus is awesome, and the creaminess is really great in contrast with the vinegar-based salad dressing, which is great as well. The lamb and pita bread are pretty standard, but definitely solid. In my opinion, though, the real star of MedCaf is the deliciously-minty Algerian tea. I'm by no means a tea connoisseur, but trust me: You'll wish you could make it at home. As I said, it can get cramped inside, but if you can get a seat, there's very little wait time. It's a great ethnic interior, with flags adorning the walls. The staff always thanks you when you leave, which, though it doesn't seem like a big deal, is really a nice touch. I do wish it was open more often, but it kind of adds to the exclusivity of the place. A really great eating experience overall, and like I said, for under $10, with an entree and the amazing tea.One last thing: This is a cash-only place, so don't be a n00b and come in without any dough.
4	Thanks Yelp!   Another great choice not too far off I-39.  Food was great, we had the chicken schwarma plates.  Food came very quick,  You will need to park and walk to the location.  Would definately come back again if in the area.
5	Lamb/beef shawarma plate is my favorite meal in madison. It's just so consistently great. Sure it's not fine dining but it's great for the price, quick, nice eating area with good tunes, and close to campus. My only gripe with this place is the tea. I would love to be able to sit down here and have a nice normal cup of tea but this stuff tastes like a sugar bomb exploded in it. No thanks I'll stick with water.
2	I realize I'm in the minority here--lots of people I know love this place--but I've just never been very impressed with Med Cafe.  I can't vouch for the meat offerings, but the few vegetarian offerings are bland and unremarkable.  Hummus and falafel here are passable, but nothing to write home about.  If you're looking for good Mediterranean food, I'd recommend Husnu's or the Banzo cart on library mall.
4	I'll swear by their med sandwich. Such a great lunch. Love to stop in, grab it to-go, and sit out at the terrace.
5	Chicken shawarma. 'nough said. The hummus is divine as well. My friend always orders extra pita bread. Just a consideration for those who like a lot to dip with. The staff is also fun and consists of quite a few college students.Get beyond the fact that you have to use cash, and you're unlikely to find a seat in the place, and you're golden!
4	There are no peers to the Med Cafe in Madison, so I include Chicago joins in my comparison.Breaking down each piece of the plate -The lamb/beef shawarma and pita are both good, but not as good as Pita Inn in Chicagoland. And yet....the total plate I believe surpasses Pita Inn - in large part due to the quality of the hummus which I smother on everything to give it that zest which puts it over the top.Whenever downtown around lunch time - I'll stop by for a most satisfying meal. If only I could stop by for dinner I would be eating here a lot more...
5	This place is simply awesome.  I work on campus - this is the only restaurant on State Street that will actually get me to a cash machine first (no credit cards).  I think it's moronic and arrogant NOT to take credit cards as a business in 2012, unless you have something unique.  This place does.  Authentic, delicious, the falafel and hummus are fantastic.  Worth standing in line, outside, on a cold January day - Enough said.
4	Seems as if I share the sentiment as the majority of the other posters.......cannot find a better meal on State Street in the under $10 price range.  Do yourself a favor by asking for some hot sauce to go along with that lamb/beef or chicken shawarma plate!  You also might as well order a piece of baklava as well......flaky and not as sweet as the typical ones!  The place is small and there's always a wait for a table during lunch, but turnover is quick.  Bring cash with you as well because Med Cafe doesn't accept plastic!
5	So delicious! Convinced my family to get off the highway and into Madison for lunch. Lots of vegetarian/vegan options. Definitely get the mint tea! Friendly staff too.Didn't know what to expect, but rivals some of my favorite med places in Chicago!
4	A true diamond in the rough. As a Madison foodie, I am always swarming the food carts on State Street during my lunch breaks but every once and a while I visit Med Cafe which is esentially like stepping inside a food cart due to it's size. A literal hole in the wall and easy to miss but oh so fab. Everything is authentic and they are quick making most of the entrees right in front of you (or behind the counter) by the friendliest staff on State Street. Seating is limited but do try to dine in if you have the time and space; the little dose of Med culture is worth it.
4	Nice place to go for lunch. It's always pretty crowded since it's a small place, especially on weekdays, though, so I recommend going before the lunch rush. The workers are friendly, and the food is yummy. I like the chicken shawarma plate -- it has chicken, salad, hummus, seasoned rice -- the portion size is just right and the flavors go really well together. I like that it comes with a side of pita, too. It really hits the spot when you're craving a nice, light lunch.
4	Fairly cheap, authentic mediterranean food. If you're on campus, this is definitely a place to hit up for lunch with a friend. Bring cash!
3	I tried Mediterranean Cafe out based on the Yelp reviews and I have to say I wasn't tat impressed. It was average tasting food. I personally feel like they are a bit skimpy on the portion sizes.I have only tried the Chicken Shawarma the two times I've dined there. It's not bad but not the best thing I have in the world.I think the restaurant is too small as well as their menu.
4	Not quite as much ambiance as Rick's Cafe in Casablanca, but not bad.  Pictures of old Algiers, attentive, but not obsequious wait staff; jovial, francophone owner with genuine interest in pleasing customers; couscous, hummus, naan and falafel that would induce homesickness in any "pied noir".
5	All is good here. The waiters and the owner are friendly. The space may be so tiny especially at lunch time. Bring your cash and don't forget to tip :)
5	There are a few food categories that, being from LA, we maintained the snobbery of "there's no way that ______ is better in Madison."  Mediterranean is not one of those things.  It's up to par.The Mediterranean Cafe is the very best affordable food on State Street.  Hands down.The house-made hummus is absolutely wonderful, and the chicken shawarma plate will keep you coming back for more.  For under 10 bucks (bring cash!) this place will blow you away.  It's decorated well, has ample seating, and the food is just killer.Give these people your money.  They will give you their food.  It's a win-win.
5	The spinach pie is to die for and it's available Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays!
4	Really good rice and falafel, Cash only. The falafel isn't too dry. I wish they used more yogurt sauce... but all in all a good meal. Hummus was nice too!
3	Food was good & nice staff. Don't really feel it was worthy of all the exuberance that has been expressed by others but I'm vegetarian so maybe they excel more with meat plates. The falafel was average, not enough flavor & definitely could have used more yogurt sauce. Hummus was good, smooth creamy. The greek salad was average- they asked if I wanted everything on it? it was just greens, tomatoes & cucumbers with feta & dressing! No olives? no peppers? The real star was the vegan lentil soup which my son wolfed down- great flavor in a simple soup. Beverage options very limited- ice tea in coffee styrofoam cup? Affordable- bring cash.
4	excellent and quick service. Great hummus plate
4	Rated due to authentic tastes and styles.  Great food and friendly people.  Definitely a place worth a lunch or dinner for everyone at some point.
4	solid, quick, and cheap. long lines during lunch.
5	This is frankly the best Mediterranean food restaurant in Madison and trust me I've tried them all. Everything from the excellent food, Faysal's unmatched hospitality, and the staff's friendliness just keeps making me come back and back again to this place to satisfy my Mediterranean food cravings!
4	The food here is fantastic, and not much of a wait! I tried Azin's Plate, Lamb Shawarma, and Falafel Plate and would be please with ordering any of these next time.The only drawback is the tiny locale means it can be a bit of a wait, with nowhere to physically wait for a table. However, we walked in while it was full and were seated within 5 minutes.Friendly service.  Be aware: This place is cash-only, and does not have dinner hours.
4	Love the Akins plate and it's the only thing I get when I come here. The inside is small and I usually don't like to eat inside the restaurant because the food smell gets on your clothes. Other than that it's quality food and fast service at a great price.
5	I tend to avoid eating at State St. establishments, but "Med Cafe," as my friends affectionately call it, is the first State St. establishment that has made me really regret this. Let this be some valuable and vague lesson in life on never giving up. Prices are reasonable, plates are nicely portioned, food is fast, and everything is really good, like catered food good. If I'm ever a few blocks from State St. and it's feeding time, you can be sure I'm there. I don't like carrying cash, but I'll start doing it now. Med Cafe, you've changed me. *shakes fist*
4	The food is delicious and fairly cheap, but they only take cash and if you go at lunch be prepared to wait in a line. The line moves fairly quickly and the food slingers are pretty adept at putting together your food in a hurry. It was less than five minutes after we placed a to-go order and our food was in a bag and in our hands. The Akins lamb plate is a little skimpy on the meat and heavy on the rice, and I would have liked more salad. Chicken shawarma is a solid choice, again with the hummus, rice and salad.
4	Great food for cheap, and the platters were put together so quickly I almost couldn't believe it.I walked in, got in line (actually, I might have accidentally cut in line), and ordered the Chicken Shwarma Plate and the Chicken Akin's Plate. By the time I got to the counter to pay for my order (less than two minutes later), my two takeout boxes were already being carefully placed inside a plastic bag.The Cafe hours definitely cater more towards UW students than to the working people, as the cafe opens at 10AM and closes at 4PM on most days. The prices definitely benefit the broke college student community as well. $6-8 bucks for a balanced meal? I'm SOLD! Good thing we can allllll cash in the great deal! (:I had the Chicken Akin's Plate myself, and although it was a simple meal, it was very filling and very satisfying. The chicken was well-seasoned and tender, the hummus was fresh and complimented the chicken and the pita bread well, the salad dressing was superb(!), and even the rice was bursting with flavor. I can't wait to be in Madison this summer. I know that this will be one of my staple food groups for the season! :D
5	Med Cafe gets 5 stars for its location, prices and portions. This place is excellent for its Shawarma Plates and is a rich-flavored place to eat for lunch.The downsides are the hours (no dinner) and it's cash only. :(Regardless, highly recommend it!
5	Amazing food here! the humus the meats the rice! Just wish the owner would get out of the 80's and accept cards. Sometimes I won't stop in just because I have to run to an Atm on the capital. I've probably not spent $200-350 dollars a year only because I can't use my card.
5	Definitely one of my favorite place on campus, but make sure you bring cash, and go during lunch time, because they close for dinner. The serving is huge, I always have leftovers, unless I chose to stuff myself, which in that case I would end up going without dinner that day. Service is good, they recognize me after a couple of visits and know which dishes are your usual go-tos. I also like their decos and music, giving a good vibe as you are enjoying your food and conversation with your company. Beef and lamb shwarma plates, atkins plate, moussaka and the roti chicken are my favorite dishes. The last two are daily specials so they are not necessary served everyday. Their lentil soup is great too, if you feel like having something light. So next time you are walking along state st, or are just looking for a lunch place, do give this a try. During peak lunch hours the line is long, but it goes fast. So if you choose to take your food to-go, this is not a problem at all.
4	Cash only, usually only open for lunch, but definitely one of my favorites! It's crowded and  can be slow, but it's all worth it for the food!
5	Who reads reviews for Med Cafe? Go here and eat their food. Seriously. Go here and eat their food. Now. Take it to the Memorial Union with a book. Or a friend. This is a real restaurant. The food is cheap and delicious. For every time I see someone in a chain restaurant with the same play school aesthetic, I think about how Med Cafe utterly kills it. Their food is so fucking good. If you hang out with someone that would prefer Einstein Bagels over Med Cafe, stop hanging out with that person. That person cheats in Monopoly. That person takes your beer without asking. That person would attempt to steal your girlfriend but can't because ladies aren't property. That person will take you to Olive Garden for your birthday. And that person will also be late and regift you a shitty used present.And it'll be your fault because you knew that person didn't like Med Cafe.
5	This is not an exaggerationThe Med Caf is my single, all-time favorite restaurant in all the world.I ate here bi-weekly for four years in college and recently visited Madison again only to find that the Med Caf is better than ever.The place is still run by a committed, warm staff that acts like a huge family.  They are still serving huge portions of authentic food at a bargain.  They are still located in the cutest, coziest hole-in-the wall building RIGHT on state street.Here's what you do: -bring cash-if there is a line, ignore it, it will move quickly-snag a tiny table and commence the fascinating people-watching (or get it to go and take it to library mall)-order a tea.  It's SUPER dark and sweetened.  It will heat you from the inside and transport you to a far-off country.  Instant feeling of comfort ensues-check out the daily specials, they rotate each day of the week.  -if you see CHICKEN APRICOT pie on the menu (Thursday's special), order me a plate!  This is perhaps the best food I've ever tasted.  I plan my weeks around it -if no daily specials appeal to you, order a hummus plate with chicken. The chicken is tender and juicy without weird chunks of cartilage or bone. It's topped with a creamy mystery heaven sauce. It comes with a salad so you feel you're are doing your body a favor.-try to save a tiny bit of room for dessert. All you need is one small piece of baklava. Flaky and not overly sweet. The perfect end to the best meal of your lifeSeriously, this place is life-changing. I owe a great deal of my college loans to this place but I have no regrets!
4	The food is decent, but for the price it is excellent quality.  The staff are fun and friendly, service is exceptional.  It's got that "Madison feel" to it - trendy but not pretentious, down-to-earth but not dirty.  It's very crowded and small but still worth it.  Always recommended.
5	Fantastic food. Bring cash and expect a line during the school year (and frequently during the summer too).
5	Until I visited the Mediterranean Cafe I thought Hummus was gross and that Mediterranean food was lame.  Boy was I wrong!  I haven't had anything here that I didn't like.  I highly recommend the Lamb plate.   Oh also should mention that it's CASH ONLY.
3	In the positive-Cute place in State Street  near the union, very friendly awesome counter staff, incredibly quick (our food was waiting for us as we were seated), & cool clients around us.On the negative side-the hummus was lemony but runny, lamb meant gyro meat, yellow rice was over cooked, olives tasted of menthol (interesting but weird), the chicken seemed like it was steamed or boiled & yogurt sauce added to my schwarma plate.  Funky Madison atmosphere couldn't make up for the mediocre food.
5	One of my favorite places for lunch. Cheap, fast, flavorful, and healthy - what more can you ask for? They are so fast that your food just may beat you to your table. Granted, the place is first come first serve for seating, but everyone who frequents there seem to know the code and will chow down their lunch and get out. So don't let the long line scare you.
5	Small, cozy restaraunt nesteld in the middle of the busy downtown area of Madison.  It was a wonderful experience.  Fantastic food and even better customer service.  The employees are very friendly, patient and helpful. As a first timer, I didn't know that Cash and checks were the only accepted forms of currency. I had already placed my order and was surprised when they explained that they didn't accept Credit/ Debit cards.  I was even more surprised when they asked me to go ahead and take my seat so that they could serve me lunch anyway.  They gave me directions to a nearby Bank and told me to simply bring the money back after I'd finished eating.  Need I say more?  Very impressive.Thanks again for a wonderful dining experience. I had the gyro sandwich, baklava and sweet tea.
3	I was so excited by all the hype for this place. I ordered a chicken Schwarma sandwich and sprinted home to eat it. It was...good. And that was it. Just good. Not mind blowing. The yogurt sauce was really good. The chicken was dry. There wasn't a lot of filling. Maybe the plate is better, but I was bummed.
5	Awesome.. simply best
5	Quite honestly the greatest food establishment I've ever been too. I've been going to medcafe once or twice a week, every week, for the past 4 years. I have never ordered anything but the chicken schwarma plate, and I have never been anything but utterly satisfied with the dish and my experience. Now that I've graduated and moved out of Madison I dream of the heavenly hummus, perfect pita, & satisfying schwarma. Today I've been back to visit for the first time in a few months and it is still the greatest dish of all time. Seriously I'd move back to Madison for this dish alone so if anyone is in Madison or the surrounding areas go to Medcafe!! You won't regret it!!
1	Dont take orders by phone. For someone who was ordering a surprise lunch pickup from South Carolina, that was not helpful
5	I absolutely love this place! The best place in Madison next to The Nile on Odana to get Mediterranean food. One thing that I think would be beneficial to this place is remodeling for a larger capacity. It is pretty teeny... Great local place!
5	This place is so good! I got the shawarma plate, and my friend had the hummus. She really enjoyed her meal, and the flavors were seriously spot on in my dish. I really really liked their food. It's such a small and non-stuffy type place. I'd definitely come back when I'm in Madison again. Just remember that they're cash only! This place is definitely a must try though!
5	Really awesome food. The chicken mustard was a treat. And very nice and super fast service!
