3	Southern Rail is on the right track but at the time of this review is brand new and possibly still working things out. The servers seemed well polished and the cocktails we tried were tasty and strong.We shared a small plate of House Smoked Trout with Pea Cakes and Tomato Jam. I thought this dish was put together well and was my favorite of the plates I tried. The Trout was smoked nicely and wasn't too much smoke. The Pea Cakes reminded me of Falafels but green with fresh peas bursting out and the Tomato Jam wasn't just sweet Tomatoes it had a little Kick to it. They all harmonized nicely together.The starter plate of Cauliflower Casserole was for my taste (maybe not yours) was overly generous with cheese and seemed to lack the onion cream that was in the description. For me this plate was too heavy and I think someone just slipped with the cheese that wasn't in the description of this dish. Possibly an opening hiccup. I need to reveal a full disclosure that I am sensitive about smoked foods and only care for a mild smoke taste that might differ from you.I tried the Chicken and Biscuit Dumplings. I received a bowl of many nicely made cheesy dumplings in a very smoky dark sauce with 2-maybe 3 ounces of nicely prepared dark meat chicken a few very thin shaves of Local McClendon Carrots, Chunks of Mushrooms and some fresh pea tendrils. I was slightly disappointed for a few reasons. As good as the Biscuit Dumplings were and they were. This dish for me was too much Dumplings and should have been called Biscuit Dumplings with Chicken. I could only eat maybe one and a half and had I think three maybe three more dumplings. In the description of the dish was the mention of McClendon Carrots. I was expecting carrots to have a co-staring role and not to be  just a few shaves for color.  For my taste the sauce was WAY too smoky but might be great to other people who like smoky food. My husband tried the Smoked Chicken and Andouile Sausage Gumbo. He said it was good. He eats Authentic Gumbo whenever he is in New Orleans and said the one at Southern Rail was good but thinner than other Gumbos he tried and also more smoky than others he tried but still good to him.3.5 stars On the right track but a LOT of Smoke a little steam.
5	One of the best things ever is to see talented people develop a new concept, plan it with care, and execute it masterfully.  When the buzz began months ago about Chef Beckett and partners, Katie and Scott Stephens, wanting to bring a southern flair to the area, Peg and I were all in.  That the new place was going to be at the site of a landmark (Beef Eaters Restaurant) with its own history of fine food was a nice touch. This is not Beckett's Table West...the concept is totally different. The fried green tomatoes and dirty rice croquettes were spot on.  The tomato tart and the house smoked trout appetizers were addictive, inventive and wonderfully balanced. A grilled watermelon salad was a light refreshing bite. As you would expect, all things pork were terrific, and Rail's cider brined pork loin was amazing. Ditto the crispy duck leg confit. The BLT salad was very tasty but the other apps were better yet. Making the call to try their gumbo (ya ya style) and BBQ shrimp was mandatory, and they were full of flavor, not obnoxiously hot like some "Cajun style" dishes out there have become. I strongly recommend wearing something that will handle butter and sauce well from the shrimp. Limitless napkins are provided...  Staples like mac and cheese, collards, and brioche with apple butter (think Parker House rolls) were very good. Beignets were authentic and pillowy. Even with it being opening night and week, the service (Jerod (hopefully not misspelled too badly) and Sarah were attentive and very helpful. Front of the house was welcoming. With concepts and execution like this, I frankly don't care "what the fox say!"
5	Very nice  evening tonight at Southern Rail, delicious southern-inspired food, great atmosphere. Quite impressed with the entire place having hit the ground running after only a couple of days. The space is beautifully designed with interesting touches, and is slightly elevated from Camelback road which gives it a nice view of the surrounding area (without the sometimes grimy reality of west camelback road). Extensive beer selection with some southern favorites, as well as a wine list that should suit anyone. The menu is southern, so if you're looking to go "light" you might be better off elsewhere. We had the tomato and bacon tart which was decadent. We also had the gumbo which had perfectly smoky flavor and a not too thick roux. We did not think the three tiny head-on shrimp were worth the $6 supplement, however. Finally, the pork loan was delicious with a smoky, candied flavor and delicious sweet potatoes. Desserts looked wonderful but we couldn't muster another bite. A couple of kinks with service and timing that we can overlook because it has been open less than a week, but overall a wonderful night at a place that is definitely on our rotation from here on! Excited to try the rest of the menu, as we'll be back many times.
1	Southern Rail has run off of the tracks. I understand newly opened jitters. They opened Friday. I called earlier today for reservations for tonight. I was told that I had the choices of 5:45 or 8:30. I chose 5:45.  The place was hardly full when my party of 4 arrived. We were seated at an open table while an empty booth was clearly available. No big deal at this point. As we are sitting there waitning for our server, we noticed that most of the place was empty. We tried to talk about it, but the noise level was so load, that we couldn't hear each other.The server took our drink orders. He brought water, and we ordered appetizers and entrees at the same time. The appetizers arrived and were mediocre at best. We were finishing them when we finally had to flag down a manager to ask about our drinks.It was at least 15 minutes. BTW, our server wasn't seen at all during this time.He finally brought the drinks.The prices seemed very, very high, but we are ok if the food is worth it. Beckett's Table never disappoints, and we are frequent flyers there. I am from Tennessee, and I know Southern food. Wishful thinking.The entrees arrived. Their Wednesday special, fried chicken, was aweful. It was over cooked on the skin and undercooked at the bone. Two of us had ordered that plate. KFC has them beat hands down. We could have enjoyed 6 buckets for what we paid for this bad food. The BLT salad is a joke. The B is listed as bacon. it was more like bits of bacon sprinkled over a large wedge of lettuce. There was some sort of drizzle, also. This was nothing but a $10.00 plate of ho hum. It didn't even look good, much less act as a real salad.There was a resounding, "no," when asked if we wanted dessert. We weren't going to waste another dime in this place. St Francis is right down the street and well worth the visit if you have to eat in this area.Will not go back to Southern Rail. Too bad, too. It is very convenient, and we had high hopes of at least a decent eatery in the hood. The light rail is the only tracks I would visit on this stretch of Camelback.Not sure who the 5 star people are, but... hmmm.
3	Will have to revisit in a few weeks once the kitchen works out the kinks. The menu looks a lot like Beckett's table in layout, but with a southern twist.  Warning, the place can get spendy.  You'll order some fried green tomatoes, some mac and cheese and the brioche rolls and then tuck into a cocktail, an entree and dessert and you'll find yourself dropping about 80 bucks.  The interior is very welcoming and bright.  You can't beat the location next to changing hands bookstore.  Warning, do not park next door in the business building next door.  They will tow!  Our table found things a bit over cooked with the only flavor being salt rather than more nuanced smokiness, also the lack of hot sauce was a little disappointing.  I loved the brioche rolls which come in a pool of butter in a cast iron pan, although they are a buck a roll.  The fried green tomatoes are what enticed us in, but we found them on the thin side with a breading that seemed like something premade and dredged, the pimento cheese needed a kick.  Like I said, it's never fair to judge a place this new, but it's great to see something new go into the old Beef Eater's space which was languishing.  The interior bar is (there are two) is great looking and one of them opens into changing hands. I have a feeling there will be a lot of blind dates going on there :)
3	Cool atmosphere!  Looking outward while the light rail goes past, you feel like you are in a train station (or at least I did).  The decor is bright and clean; but seemed to get louder as the time passed.  Our reservation was at 6.  We were greeted and seated timely and courteously.  I'm glad I reviewed the menu online as I still wasn't sure what I wanted to order.  We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes (how can't you?).  They were pretty good, but not like the ones my grandmother would make (hers were thicker and a different breading).  I ordered the Blackened Prime Flatiron.  The steak was good to order, but I felt it lacked anything to constitute calling it blackened - no crust, no extra pepper or spices that I could tell.  The succotash was hardly worth talking about, but then again, I don't ever recall an excellent succotash?The other 2 people in my party ordered the Cider Brined Pork Loin and the Chicken & "Biscuit Dumplings".  Both of them enjoyed their entrees.The staff was friendly and on spot with filling up our water glasses and escorting us to the restroom, when asked where it was.Dessert.  Not sure I have ever spent $11 on a dessert, but last night I did.  I ordered the Bread Pudding a la mode.  It was pretty great.  Another person at my table ordered the Pie in a Jar, apple a la mode, and said it was great as well.My biggest gripe would be the noise level.  They had music on; by the middle of our meal, all I could hear was the bass under the loud voices.  It made it difficult to have a conversation with the 2 people at my table.I know this establishment is brand new, but look forward to going back and hopefully seeing some improvements.
4	I went to Southern Rail last Friday with a friend and her mom with a miraculous reservation (called at around 4 and got a res for 5:45 despite no availability online... yesss!). We tried many of the salads and small plates and they were all good (I guess they worked their kinks out) Here is what we had: onion and tomato tart - very good, the onions were nicely caramelized, so their flavor was not overly strong... yum!Cornbread salad- every element on this dish was delicious, the okra was perfect, the sauce was good, the beets were even good (and I do no like beets)The brioche rolls - these things could be addicting, they are served with some wonderful apple butter and when eaten together, they are a good balance of sweet and salty. Dirty rice croquettes- these were my overall favorite... they were bursting with flavor and extremely filling. They were spicy with a nice fresh element from the greens served with it and the pea shoots. Overall, a real winner. Watermelon salad - very light and fresh, yummyGumbo- nice flavor, a little less spicy than I would typically like, but overall a solid dish. The small plate is a small cup, but it's hearty. The broccoli and cauliflower casserole - this was ok, but parts of it were ice cold.... not great. These small plates were more than enough for the 3 of us, we were stuffed and didn't even finish all of the food. We also had a couple of cocktails. The Austin mule was delicious... perfectly gingery and citrusy. My friend had another cocktail that sounded good... the name escapes me, but it was way too boozy tasting. Overall, this place was very good, and I am already planning a return visit!
4	Southern Rail is brand new but they make a great first impression! Service staff is  well-trained and Tim's food is on track to be very good. Unfortunately, the noise levels are uncomfortably loud for any type of reasonable table conversation which is an important feature for any Southern restaurant. Wine list is average, cocktails are creative, and the desserts rock the house! We'll definitely be back!
5	The food was absolutely superb!! I attended with a party of 10 and the server was kind and very sufficient in making sure our food was served hot in a timely matter! I ordered the pork loin with collard greens and sweet potatoes. It was delicious!! We also had the opportunity to taste all of the desserts on the menu and all of them were little tastes of heaven. Great place, great atmosphere and great food!!
2	Ambiance was nice. But it was very loud. We ordered the blt salad, fried green tomatoes and the trout and smoked chicken gumbo as a small plate. We were very disappointed. The salad was literally a 1/3 a wedge that was tiny sitting on a thin layer of thousand island with 4 cherry tomatoes. And a light sprinkle of bacon bits and a lousy presentation. Hardly worth 10$. Were were there for a friends 80th birthday so we ordered pie in a jar. I've ate in many southern restaruants I and I've eaten pie in a jar. The southern rails interpretation is more like pie in a cup. And it was tiny. Any ways we never got past the appetizers. For four appetizers 1 beer 2 glasses of wine and 1 desert it came to just over 100$. The service was good. And very helpful. The hostess was the best part of our meal. Sad to know that they are associated with Beckett's table because we eat there regularly.
3	Went with two friends last night. Overall a solid place. NOISE is a major issue, we were seated in the back room and I can honestly say the noise level was the worst of any place I've ever eaten and have lived in five major cities before Phoenix. Hopefully they can go back to their designer and see if they can't do something. My friends said they would not go back because it was so unpleasant. So the decor looks cool, but doesn't function well.The food was pretty good, two of us had the Gumbo and it was excellent. One person has the fried chicken special and it was overcooked, actually some of the crust was black from overcooking. The side potatoes were meh that came with the chicken.The server was super nice and helpful, but he also was having a hard time giving service because of the noise level. None of us had dessert, but they had some tempting options.I personally will go again! Maybe when they open for lunch and try to get in the main room.
5	My 2nd visit and both were superb.   The duck and risotto take me back home.  Delicious!
3	Let some friends talk me into going here a few nights ago.  Walked in without a reservation and were seated within a few minutes.  Decor was interesting, but there's one problem: NOISE!  Between the concrete floors, flat wooden ceiling and glass along one wall, the place is deafening.  Could not hear the petite waitress's voice (apparently she couldn't hear us either because when she informed us that they were out of cornbread (how does that happen???), she asked if we wanted the brioche rolls.  The answer was "No, that's OK", but they showed up anyway).Food was decent but not fantastic. Gumbo was not very zesty.  Agree with others that Chicken & Dumplings was anemic with the chicken portion.  Servings were anything but generous for the price paid.Been there, done that - probably will not return as nothing stood out and I really like to be able to hear my dining companions.
5	We just returned from dinner at Southern Rail and I am one happy 'effin customer!  I sit here typing in a post-grazing, satisfied, slightly-smug, aura of contentment.I have never eaten "down south", but if this is how good it can be, then I wanna' move south!The building is big and bustling, with a good mix of metal and wood and cool light fixtures and stuff.  It was hot outside, but the AC cooled off the inside to a very comfortable level.  There are big doors that open to a nice patio.  When we come back we will check it out.Since it was Father's Day (a special occasion!), we went all out and the three of us tried almost everything on the menu. .Among the appetizer and salad stars were Fried Green Tomatoes, Croquettes, Gumbo, a cool salad of watermelon and peach.  They were all good, and the croquettes were so good that my wife and I had to rock-paper-scissor for the last one.  I won, but my wife then proved that although rock-beats-scissors, fork-beats-wrist, and she got the last croquette.  For entrees we tried the peel-'n-eat shrimp which were fun and flavorful, the duck confit which was FANTASTIC and an order of ribs which rocked!  the table beside us ordered pork-loin which (although we didn't actually try it) looked and smelled great.I read that some folks think the place is noisy, and the place is lively and high-energy, but certainly not as bad as others have indicated.  I politely suggest that those folks should wear thick wool sweaters and Snuggies to help with the acoustics.We met one of the owners there (he recommended the wine we had) and the Chef/owner visited our table and asked how everything was.  We admitted that we were new to the genre of southern cooking, but he shared the story of how the menu came to be, and the cultures behind it.  I guess I never realized the precision that goes into classic, comfort food.My wife and her friend had the beignettes (spelling?) which they liked and I had a slice of sweet and savory dessert that was a cool balance like an Arnold Palmer (iced tea / lemonade blend).Southern Rail made some new fans tonight... congrats on the new place!
4	Finally a family restaurant thats put into use in this poor building... which its use to be a beef eaters.  I came here with my mother and sister!  :) Such a good atmosphere here.As an appetizer, we have the macaroni and cheese. It was delicious. The texture and the cheese was on point.Mom, she got the catfish. Was not fond of it at all. It was so oily and very salty... :/Sister, she got pork ribs, it was delicious and the side corn salad was like salsa mix, she enjoyed it.Me, I had the broccoli, cauliflower casserole.....It was too salty, too cheesy, not enough broccoli and too much onions in it :(  Our waiter was so attentive in the beginning. Then midway, she forgot a few things and didn't come to the table til I ask for the bill..Me likes scaring him I'm doing things rightMaybe, I'll try something else?
4	I'm a fan of chef derived restaurants, so we have to start with 5 stars and go from there. We not only eat with our mouth but with our eyes and ears. The energy in this place at dinner is "high throttle" and that can be fun, but the noise level makes it difficult to have a conversation with dinner mates. Gumbo, collard greens, bread all satisfied my desire for southern food. Gumbo is outstanding, collard greens advertised "ham hocks" except we could barely find ham. All in all, Southern Rail is a must go to restaurant in Central Phoenix.
5	Loved my experience at Southern Rail!  The service is amazing and the food was fantastic.  We went opening weekend and they were still working out some kinks and the food was still amazing!  Love the menu options.  Great for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians.  The atmosphere is great!  I had the gumbo which was delicious.  I have been waiting for some good gumbo here in Phoenix.
4	Some friends and I decided to finally check out this new restaurant in our neighborhood. Getting a table for 3 on a Thursday evening was not hassle at at.The overall dining space is beautiful! Gorgeous wood ceiling and beams, beautiful lighting, and an amazing sliding glass wall, which I'm sure will be wonderful when it's not 115 degrees outside! One of the guests in our party noted that while the chairs for the tables are very cute - the comfort level is lacking. With the concrete floors, ceiling, and lack of sounds absorbing surfaces in the space the restaurant was rather loud (especially for only having about 7 tables at this time of night). I can imagine that it would get rather deafening during the peak hours. The drinks were amazingly priced - not sure if it was a reverse happy hour or just a special Thursday night special but the Kettle One and Belvedere martinis were only $7!! Service was excellent - Mike had a gift for explaining recipes on the menu that helped you taste the food without anything in front of you. Service staff really catered to the southern hospitality making sure our dinning experience was nothing short of wonderful. We started off with the Fried Green Tomatoes which had a delicious spread accompanying. I felt they were fried perfectly - not to heavy on the batter.  I thought the duck was delicious - cooked perfectly served on top of a  delicious risotto  The Chicken and dumplings was given an "ok" as the dumplings were very tough, the chicken was flavored nicely, but the sauce/broth was the best part. The Pork Loin was a generous cut but was very dry and lacking flavor. However, the sweet potato that came with the pork was life changing!
1	Ouch. The gumbo sucked. They could not make a decent roux base. We didn't try anything else due to this basic failure.
2	Beautiful reuse of an old classic building, the wood ceiling, brick walls, old tile and mirror all add up to a nice space.  But the noise, oh the noise!  I felt like I was a victim of auditory assault!Contemporary Southern Food made for an interesting menu but the "hearty" fish and shrimp jambalaya was more of a nice fish dish not at all a jambalaya (and shrimp were so shrimpy they were nonexistent.) Please don't call a dish something that's it's not.  Best looking dishes of the night were companions' pork chop and the tomato tart.Service needs some fine tuning.  Small plates as appetizers came out at the same time as main course and drinks and dishes were randomly put down in front of diners. Finally, if you can't make separate checks but will take different credit cards for different amounts, then at least put the right amount on each card please.With the same parents as Beckett's Table, I know this baby is going to work out the growing pains and will be an asset to the 'hood soon!
1	Positive: Nice decor. Seated right away. Not so positive: Let's start with cocktails. 9 dollars for cocktails. Not very good ones at that and they were very small. I am pretty sure there wasn't much for alcohol in the Austin Mule. I am a light weight and I didn't feel a thing. We ordered the appetizer fried green tomatoes.  They were just ok. Not great. If southern food is your thing then I think fried green tomatoes is something you should do absolutely amazingly.  They just weren't.  We opted not to order any more food because it was priced rather expensive from the start. Price is not an issue when you get value for your money, but when  there didn't seem to be much justifying the high prices we skipped the rest of meal. I am not sure if we will go back. It is disappointing because we high hopes for a new restaurant in the neighborhood.  On a positive note, go have a glass of wine at the cute bookstore next to the restaurant.
2	I went very excited on thursday to enjoy the meatloaf. unfortunately it was just plain not good. It could have been anything molded into a cube or loaf with only the flavor of the bbq sauce or the pepper in the meatloaf.  I spent years traveling the south on Business, Savannah, New Orleans, Dallas, and all in between and never have I had meatloaf even remotely like this. The brocolli was good, and the potato salad was ok.My friend  had appetizers only, the smoked trout and the onion tomato tart both fab!.The corn bread was great! The desert, coconut cake, was just ok but the Beignets (sp?) were over the top. I hope in the outside month that you can sit outside and order coffee and the Beignets....then worth the trip.I spend so much time at Becketts table because it is really good! This.....well, they need to close for a month, take a road trip south, spend some time with Art Smith, Paul Prudhomme, and yes Paula Deen, to name a few. Then regroup.  I'm not sure if I will go back.
1	I wanted to share my SUPREME disappointment with my visit to Southern Rail restaurant last night.  I had been excited to visit since I first heard of the Newton project and another Justin Beckett restaurant in Phoenix, as my husband and I love Beckett's Table.  We have two young children, and it's not very often we get a date night out to enjoy a dinner just the two of us.  When the opportunity presented itself yesterday, we were so excited to try out Southern Rail.  Great wine list--featuring one of our all-time favorite wines (The Franc)--great menu...it was idyllic.  We decided to start with sharing a gumbo appetizer while we figured out what our actual meal would be.  It arrived quickly, which was nice, but I have never been as disappointed in a dish served to me at a restaurant as I was with that gumbo. I presume Chef Beckett knows what a roux is, but this gumbo was completely lacking a roux as its base.  This gumbo tasted like brown water with some chunks of chicken and sausage thrown into it with a scoop of rice.  My husband grew up in New Orleans, and his Cajun aunt taught me how to make a proper roux and gumbo.  If I order gumbo at a restaurant, I expect it to be better than what I can make at home (which is pretty tasty if I do say so myself) or at the very least to have a decent roux, and to say this gumbo was disappointing doesn't even scratch the surface.  We sent the gumbo back (I have never before sent back a dish), finished our wine, and left.  It wasn't worth even trying anything else on the menu, wasting precious date night time or money!  I really hope this was just some kind of weird fluke and that the entire menu isn't as completely lackluster as the gumbo, but I won't be back to give it another shot.
4	A few weeks ago...The crispy duck leg confit was reduckulously good. I would have liked more collard greens though. They satisfied my southern side fo sho'! The pimento cheese spread atop of the Fried Green Tomatoes was a welcomed blast from my childhood past.My "date" had the cider brined pork loin which she generously shared a bite of - I felt while tasty it was a bit overdone - and a big spoonful of the brown-butter whipped sweet potatoes were so dee-lish I almost had to skip dessert. ALMOST. The coconut cake, while on the dry side, was nicely held together by the luscious coconut pudding. Thankfully, we opted to add a la mode. No regrets!Definitely a good idea to make a reservation and get dropped off. Parking is ridiculous.
4	Checked this out last night & I must say that it might just be my fave new place for cocktails. Wow! Hunter is the mixologist there & this guy knows how to mix a cocktail. You must order an old-fashioned from him and I loved the dog hunt ( not sure the name) cocktail!!! Can't wait to go back for more! Had the fried green tomatoes and biscuits and sausage gravy, both solid. Wed night is fried chicken night & I need to check that out!
5	The food, the service, the atmosphere...spectacular! Feels like home the second you walk in. I've had a taste of almost everything on the menu and nothing has ever been short of my expectations. Fried green tomatoes with the pimento spread is a winner. The pork loin is out of this world. If you're down to get dirty with some New Orleans inspired dishes the head on BBQ shrimp is hands down amazing. Now onto desert if you can fit anything more the beignets are pockets of heaven..just make sure you know how to eat them without getting the sugar dust everywhere! Amazing people and the work of a genius! Thank you Justin Beckett as always for an amazing dinner and Scott for such a warm welcoming! A+++++++
5	Excellent southern tastes in Central Phoenix. I was blown away by the BBQ shrimp and the ribs...a definite must have meal when I go back. The drinks were tasty and the service was spectacular. Friendly staff with great knowledge of the menu. Not being from the south, I didn't know what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised by the different taste explosions in my mouth. And the new restaurant layout and ambience is pleasant right in the heart of the city. Oh, and don't forget to get the beignets covered in powered amazingness before you leave. It's a good idea to get a reservation as it was busy and we had to wait a bit. Worth it though as Chef Beckett delivers...again.
4	Looking for a new happy hour spot where you end up staying for dinner?  Southern Rail just might be what you are looking for.  We met here with a small group of friends where we posted up at the bar on a Friday evening.  Had the chance to sample some of the cocktails from their drink menu.  My absolute favorite was the Austin Mule.  An updated version of the moscow mule...very refreshing! I also tried the hush puppy.  It was good, but different.  I am a fan of grapefruit and bitter, but this was maybe a little too bitter for my taste.  By about 8pm we were hungry.  At that time, the restaurant was still busy, so we were seated at an extended bar.  Our waiter was great.  Very informative regarding the menu and the wine list.  He helped us choose an amazing bottle of wine.  Our group decided to sample a few things from the menu and share.  So while this list will look like we ordered the entire menu, we didn't (this time).  Our selections were...Cornbread muffins, fried green tomatoes, succotash, broccoli/cauliflower/leek/rice casserole, the gumbo, and the cider brined pork loin.  My favorites were the succotash and the cider brined pork loin.  I know that some people on here have mentioned it being over done, but ours was cooked perfectly.  Very tender and juicy.  And the collard greens and brown butter sweet potatoes that came with the pork were AWESOME.  I know that some people have had a fit over the gumbo not having a proper roux.  I get it.  But seeing that I have lived in the south, I wouldn't consider this place as authentic southern food. It is southern food with some changes and interpretations.  If I expect authentic fried green tomatoes, I need to go and talk to my Mother In Law in Tennessee.  This is great southern food, but it has an upscale twist.  So just have an open mind if you do decide to go here.  Worth trying!  Just come early or be prepared to wait during dinner hours.   And as other diners have mentioned, it can be a tad loud in the space.
2	Disappointing.  As fan of Beckett's Table, I hoped to enjoy this new venture, but no such luck.  Maybe southern food should just stay in the south where it belongs.  The so-called crispy duck was neither crispy nor tasty -- just a bland piece of poultry with soggy skin.  Another issue:  when rolls are available only as an a la carte item, they should be served with the drinks or other appetizers, not simultaneously with the presentation of the entrees.  I may go back to Beckett's Table, but not to Southern Rail.
5	Really enjoyed this restaurant. The food was authentic to what I remember southern food was made when growing up in East Tennessee. Food  seemed to lean more towards Louisiana style southern food but nothing wrong with that. Phoenix needs this restaurant and I will be back for sure.
3	When I discovered there was a new restaurant that opened in Central Phoenix I was excited. When I learned it was southern food I became apprehensive. The southern food that I grew up eating was all cooked with pork fat. Well, I was thrilled that SR had vegetarian options. I started with the mac & cheese sampler. It was larger than I expected so I shared with my husband. The dish was good, but needed a splash of red pepper flake on top. I went with the broccoli, cauliflower, leek casserole entree that was topped with candied pecans. Overall, it was pretty good.The best part of the meal was the coconut cake with coconut pudding. It's not a thick pudding more like a pudding glaze that accompanies the cake. The cake was moist, light and not at all sugary.There are a few things that I would like to mention. Rochelle, our waitress was friendly and welcoming. When I finished the mac & cheese sampler I sat the empty bowl at the corner of the table. Several waiters walked by without picking it up. When I was done with the dessert plate I did the same thing and again it was ignored. I've been to several restaurants in the area (Central Ave) and it feels like a team effort. Everyone fills empty water glasses and everyone removes dirty dishes.There was a table of 4 sitting to the left of us that received special attention. We are all here spending money so aren't we all special!Southern Rail gets 4 stars for the food and 3 stars for customer service.
5	Having visited the Phoenix area two weeks ago I stumbled across this GEM of a restaurant! My mouth exploded with such rich flavors of the south it was truly a wonderful mix of New Orleans, South Carolina, and a bit of Texas thrown in there. Not to mention the specialty cocktails ROCKED. So to move on to the atmosphere I thought it was equally exciting with rich texture,s including the ceiling with its little secret. And the train that runs say every 15 min. or just adds the charm. It just had this fabulous hustle bustle about it. The servers were attentive, the hostess was CHARMING, and we will certainly return again when we move here permanently in September.  p.s can you deliver out of state until we move here?.
5	The low reviews on here totally shock me. This restaurant is fantastic! To each his own. My guess is some folks might not know food or understand the restaurant's concept. If you are looking for traditional Southern food this might not work for you since it is a fusion, modern type of fare. Let's start with the decor. Very low key, rustic type of warehouse. It was not part of the original structure, as others incorrectly mentioned, but an add on. I asked and was told it was constructed new not redesigned. The feel of the original building, which is now Changing Hands Bookstore and First Draft Bar, were taken into account. The restaurant has very pretty chandeliers and low key ceiling art. My guess is they were trying to replicate a rail dining cart with big windows, lots of light, and that huge clock on the wall that reminds me of a rail station clock. The bar is to the east and the tables are all just lined up to the west. Very simple elegance and grace. The only thing I noticed missing, and even suggested, is that they need an "architectual" type of pineapple sign or wall hanging at the door since they did not incorporate one into any of the wall designs. This is steeped in southern tradition as a welcome.Now on to the "loud" comments. I never even noticed the "Too Loud" thing and I am very sensitive to loud noises. After reading the reviews we did notice it was loud. However, we loved it. We enjoyed seeing the joy and celebration on the other patron's faces. The community table was having a blast! We felt that It was not shockingly loud but yes I suppose it is a fun place being part of a bar and all. If we wanted quiet we would go somewhere else. I would never have noticed if my friend did not want to know what the reviewers were saying while we ate. She made me look it up. lol.  I would never dream of taking stars off of a restaurant for something like that since it is the theme of the place. I would just note it as a tip or a comment in the review. At no time could I not hear my friend or servers so it could not have been that loud and the place was packed. ( We got there early and reservations at the "Rail" are suggested) Of course one wants to know about the food. It's totally fantastic. With one of the top noted chef's in AZ how could it not be. Now it is different so be forewarned.  Open you mind to the notion. I know a challenge for most Arizonians. lol. I got the Meatloaf Special. It came with these bread pudding sticks. My guess is these are the chef's version of Southern Hush Puppies. I asked the waitress but she did not know what Hush Puppies were. That kind of shocked me. lol --Even Ms. Nyer here knows what a Hush Puppy is. Two stars off for that. (Insert sarcasm marks here)  These Bread pudding Hush Puppies, which I will call BPHP from now on, were divine! Also, my Meatloaf was out of this world. My friend had the Chicken and Dumplings. She was expecting chicken and dumplings on a plate and not the broth based type of dish she got. She could not stop raving about it. I tried it. Okay, twice but "Shhhhhhh" don't tell. It was mouth watering. The Dumplings were so crazy good. Since it was my birthday we had to have desert. My friend got the Bread Pudding and I got the Beignets. We shared. We thought we would take home  leftovers. Nope. The Bread Pudding here is sinful and the donuts are huge. Actually, one of the donuts made it home for next day breakfast but the Bread Pudding was a goner. I have to say Piggy noises could be heard while the pudding was being inhaled. Okay, Pigs are southern, right? ;) I could come here every day just for the dessert. I heard the Coconut cake here is to die for too and I love Coconut cake. Some people mentioned that service needs to be fine tuned. Well, they must have fixed that up real quick because our service was great. Despite being very busy and a popular place the service was wonderful. I was even walked to the bathroom by a manager. Many folks were walking the floor and stopped by to greet us. Our server was delightful, well in all ways except for the not knowing what a Hush Puppy was. Okay, I have to let that go.  I am kidding of course, for those who do not know me. But really? She does not know what a Hush Puppy is and works in a Southern themed establishment. Again, kidding, our server was really great. Teacher here taught her something new so I am happy. I wish I knew her name. I want to send her a hug and a Hush Puppy T- Shirt. Hahahaha! I love you pretty, wonderful, smiley blonde server, unknown name, friend.  So, all in all my birthday dinner was great! They open in August for lunches too. I'm so there. I predict every weekend since school will have started. Parking is fine despite other review. I have never had a problem. There are lots and street parking surrounding The Newton. There's also a huge Light Rail lot right across the street. Darn it! You might have to walk a NY quarter block. Enjoy Beckett's Southern Hospitality.
3	I live in the neighborhood of the Newton--and have anxiously awaited the opening of all the components.  Had dinner with a friend last night and we did all the recommended dishes:  fried green tomatoes, watermelon salad, and the duck and coconut cake for dessert.  I thought all the food was pretty good.  I was a little disappointed about not being able to taste/find the sausage that was in the rice that came with the duck--it would have added a nice little spice.  The coconut cake was terrific and a nice ending to the meal.The reason for the three are things with a little work could be fixed:1. The restaurant is noisy--I think there is a trend that somehow the noise is supposed to be an indicator of coolness--it is a decision that restaurants have to make--it is loud but wasn't intolerable.2.  The service was just off--sometimes very attentive and sometimes a desert.  If you are going to suggest splitting a dish that has rice--then by all means bring a spoon out so one doesn't have to transfer the rice from one plate to another grain by grain with a knife and a fork--Obviously we would have asked for a spoon had the waiter not been in the desert mode at the time.3.  Again if people are splitting plates--have the good sense to bring out clean small plates between courses--they were not offered and we could not ask because again we were in the waiter desert at the moment we needed them.  4.  In my mind, unless specifically requested, an appetizer and a salad are two different courses and should be served separately so there is time to enjoy them.5.  We had a little bit of the pimento spread left over from the tomatoes and asked from some bread.  What we got was something that was spongy and white on the inside and had barely a crust on the outside--I would certainly not call it bread.  A restaurant at this level has no excuse for serving yucky bread--if you are going to serve it should be able to stand on its own as well as being a complement to whatever it is going with.  A great tasty rye would have been wonderful for the left over pimento or even a robust baguette, but certainly not what we got. Southern Rail--I really want you to get to your act together --you are such a welcome addition to the neighborhood--It won't take much--but you have to start paying attention to the details.  Our little corner of the world is pretty competitive--I can just as easily walk east or west as walk south--Please step up your game so I want to head south on a regular basis.
5	Wow! A long overdue delicious meal.  I was pleasantly surprised, in a good way.  I had the chicken and dumplings, I thought it was going to be on a dinner plate, but was actually served as a soup.  It was incredibly delicious.  My friend had their Thursday special of Grandmama's meatloaf.  Another yummy tasty meal.  We shared the beignets and bread pudding for desert. Again, YUM~ there is no other way to say it~  We both laughed and said, we are going to have to roll out of here, we were stuffed...ya think? It did get kinda noisy, but we were next to the community table near the bar.  A place with great food, and great service.  It just tells me that everyone was having a great time.  I will go back there in a heart beat.
4	We had a triple date at SR and it was awesome. We ordered several apps: corn bread, brioche, dirty rice croquettes and fried green tomatoes. They were all delicious. Then we got a couple peel and eat shrimp and a couple chicken and biscuits at the table as well as a pork loin. Everyone cleaned their plate. We finished it off with bread pudding, red velvet cake and coconut cake. Our serve Sara was friendly, attentive and fun and we sat and enjoyed the great food and each other's company for 3 hours. What a great night. I wasn't sure what to expect since I haven't loved the food at Becketts's and there were some early reviews and them having to work the kinks of a new place out but id say they are worked out! We also started our night at the first draft bar at changing hands. I think we will hang at this new plaza quite often.
4	Great atmosphere and the drinks and food were good.  We had several apps and all got different entrees and dessert, everyone we all seemed to feel the same.  Go with the steak over the pork loin!  We were in the back room and it was super loud with large parties but otherwise a great experience.  Great redevelopment of a historic restaurant and the bookstore next store is awesome as well.
5	Wow, wow, wow, WOW! We had the most amazing meal here this passed weekend. I had an out of town guest with me from Georgia and not only did he say that it was the best meal he'd had since we started our "let's go to all the awesome restaurants in Scottsdale, Tempe and Phoenix" but that the food was better than in the South! The whipped mashed sweet potatoes were insanely delicious. I'm not a huge fan of collard greens but these I gobbled up! The best part was the pork (loin? Chop?) I should know better as much as I eat out. ....but it was like a chicken breast. Thick, juicy, and perfectly flavored,  I'll share a secret with you bc it was soooooo good that maybe someone at becketts will see this & add it to the menu! Get the plain green salad (which is not plain at all, had lots of yummy veggies in it!) AND the cornbread salad & mix them TOGETHER! Our "on point" waiter thought we were crazy to mix the dressings but it all worked and was sooooo good! Sort of want that for lunch now! Also, the cocktails were killer! As a side note, our server was so awesome & patient with this AZ native not knowing anything about southern food, he was HAPPY to explain everything to me & never showed any annoyance with my southern cuisine ignorance. Definitely worth the drive from south tempe! Thank you Southern Rail for making me look really good to my guest! I'll see you soon bc EVERYTHING on the menu sounded good!!!!
5	Our first time here and loved the place. The croquettes were perfect, chicken and dumplings were not typical but were delicious. The chicken and sausage gumbo was very New Orleans and we loved it. The wine pours were very stingy...
2	I have a feeling that Southern Rail is not going to make it.  The service is just so/so, it may be because they are new and working out the kinks, but we didn't particularly feel welcomed.  Everyone seemed kind of frenzied.  I do love the atmosphere, it's very open and fresh looking.  I also like that they kept the booths from Beefeaters, something new something old...We lived in Atlanta so we have high standards when it comes to southern cooking. The ribs were a standout.  They were tender and the meat fell off the bone.  The gumbo was also excellent.  Unfortunately, just about everything else we ordered was not good.  Let me start with the biscuits which were hard as rocks.  Biscuits should be light and fluffy....  The fried green tomatoes were too firm, not sweet the way they are down south.  The corn bread was dry...the biggest One of the biggest food disappointments of the night was the coconut cake it was so dry it was hard to eat.  It is a major fail.I wanted to like Southern Rail but I am not a fan.  I give it two stars for atmosphere and the excellent ribs.
3	This place is really cute, but I have to give it 3 stars because I was disappointed in the service and my main course. The chicken and biscuit dumplings are bland and, quite frankly, just bad. The only reason for the 3 stars would be because the pork loin is absolutely fantastic. This place has a great concept, but the food could be so much better. Love the atmosphere, but it's not enough to bring me back.
2	We came to check it out expecting something moderately priced with good options. We got over priced, low quality ribs, and a vegetable dish I could've made at home for $1.99 ...and this was after staring at a menu for ten minutes that certainly needed more food choices on the other side instead of an (ahem) overpriced wine list. The bookstore/bar next door is great. Skip the restaurant and fill up on brownies and stouts instead. Oh, and it's loud. Super loud. Loud as balls.
3	I wanted to try this new place and waited for the restaurant to get settled in before we tried it (I didn't wait long enough) bland grits, Duck was cooked well but with the sides was just ok and gumbo was inedible  and burned The item was removed from check (thank you) but the manager tried to tell me about how a black roux taste not knowing I have a culinary degree it wasn't the roux some one scorched the pot !!!
4	Fantastic service - the hostess greeted us promptly and we were seated quickly.Our waiter was excellent; quick service on cocktails, our water was never less than half full, he knew the menu very well and had excellent timing for when to appear.Collard greens -- fantastic!!!Brown Butter sweet potatoes -- OMFG!!!   Not an official side, but we pleaded and they gave us a dish as a side.Excellent beignets -- they even came with a warning about the powdered sugar!  :PSpicy gumbo w/lots of sausage.Bread pudding -- wow.  just wow.Wife had the fish special with a corn flan -- Ms. 'Always takes half home' ate everything!Would give this place 5 stars, but the noise was a problem.  We were too close to the 'community table' and could barely carry a conversation because of how loud those people were.
4	Yep, def a little loud in there. But if you want a cool ceiling you can't have egg carton foam or a typ drop.  Chicken & dumplings dish was good almost great, a tad salty.  But we sweat a lot in PHX and need to replace the salt!  The shrimp...fantastic.  Nice bottled beer selectionAnd finally!!!!!!.....for the first time in my life a server noticed when i was in the middle of a story/joke and was coming by the table & didn't interrupt! Wish i cld remember her name!
5	I have been to Southern Rail for dinner and just had the privilege to sample their lunch menu.  It is delicious and absolutely love the atmosphere and ambience . A culinary tour of the south from the Carolinas on over.   Loved the fried green tomatoes, po boys, gumbo and trout! Chef Beckett never disappoints! Make your way over for dinner or mark your calendars for the new lunch opening August 4th!  Can't wait to head back - may have to try a Wednesday for fried chicken!
5	I have visited Southern Rail twice now. As a native Southerner, I very much appreciate anywhere outside the South that is able to hold a candle to real Southern food. I also appreciate the elevation of Southern food outside fried foods and meat. Southern Rail does all of that. First of all, the vegetable small plates are fantastic. I highly recommend the butter beans and garden peas. The beans are cooked until just soft, the lemon zest is a zingy addition, and the crispy chicken skin makes for a great crunch. Another standout is the grilled watermelon salad, which is as tasty as it is beautiful. My girlfriend is a vegetarian, so any Southern restaurant that lets her eat is a huge bonus.On my last visit, I had the ribs, which were just the right level of sweet and spicy, falling off the bone, and delicious. My dad had the fried chicken and really enjoyed it. And the peach and pickle relish? Delicious.To finish, order the bread pudding. With a whiskey sauce, it's a real winner. Also, consider any of the whiskey cocktails--a must for a Southern meal. To summarize--y'all come!
4	I had the grilled watermelon salad not bad but disappointed with the name only 3 or 4 small pieces of watermelon to be found. Had good flavors though. I had the head on BBQ shrimp. Wasn't exactly expecting to have to remove all the shell to eat, also a bit surprised with the flavors. Tasted fine but expected a lighter sauce without body shells in-tacked and more BBQ flavor. We had the beignets for dessert they were excellent.
5	I just had a small dinner meeting in the private dining room. It was fantastic! Dinner was excellent. All of my guest gave it rave reviews. They especially loved the duck and the Wednesday special of fried chicken. The dessert cannot be missed! The private room was perfect. Not too loud at all. Our server, Chris, was funny and attentive! The whole evening went off beautifully. Thanks!
4	Great experience, friendly wait staff and a cool location. We got drinks and shared an appetizer and a "large plate" and we were pretty happy with our meal. 4 stars because we couldn't get a table without a reservation (or an hour wait) but we really did enjoy the time we had in the bar area! No regrets! Check it out and if you have time, stop at changing hands next door!
2	I don't usually write poor reviews.  This place is a waste of time, money, and energy to get there.  After our table not being ready at time for our reservation, we sat down.  Then we waited 10 mins to get the server to bring us water.  Another 10 mins for cocktails, and wow, we finally get to order!.  We got the cornbread salad and the chicken and biscuit dumplings.  Salad was good, chicken not so much.  Especially after waited 10 mins after our entree was served to get the wine.To dessert, the French toast was very good.  Only issue, is that it was supposed to be bread pudding and $8 for one piece of French toast, they must be making some great margins!
1	This place absolutely SUCKS!  It's super expensive for crappy food. The bartender doesn't know how to make a whiskey sour. The server I had was named buddy and he was crap too. Such an expensive place and they still hand you a to go box instead of doing it themselves. Real classy. What a horrible redone place. Beef eatery atleast was good.
5	Sat at the bar and had a great experience. Enjoyed the special of a combo pork belly and pastrami. There was enough to share. The bartender, Garret, suggested some novel Gins for our Gin and Tonic. They have some very unique options in their Rums, Whiskeys and Gins. The beignet dessert was fun to share. The bar will offer an even better experience as things cool this fall as there is a very nice patio adjacent to and served by the bar.
5	Gourmet Southern, that's what the food here is!  We tried just about every item on the social hour menu (that's the menu between lunch and dinner) and I can't tell you which plate, or drink, was the best because we couldn't agree on it. They were all fantastic.We moved from the bar to a lovely table in the back room for dinner and were again thrilled by the offerings. Smoked trout, chicken with bread dumplings, peel and eat shrimp, and, of course, bread pudding with bourbon sauce for desert. Because... Southern!Now, about the service. We were here on a Friday without having made a reservation. It was my mother-in-law's 70th birthday and we weren't certain she would be able to go out for dinner. The staff handled all of that for us and gave us a great experience where many other restaurants could (and probably would) have gone the other way on such a busy night. So a big thank-you to Hunter and Jacob.
5	The food is simply delicious. The building is amazing and the staff are great. Definitely one of the best restaurants in Az.
5	Dear me. I try and be stingy with 5 stars, but Southern Rail earned all five last night. I was there for the grand opening and they were not serving their full menu yet, so I was excited to return when a friend decided to have her birthday dinner there. We arrived a little early for our reservation, but no problem we were seated within a couple of minutes. Our waiter was right there to bring us water and get us started on drinks. The fried green tomatoes and the pull apart rolls with apple butter were devine. I was stuck between ordering the duck or the pork, then our waiter described them both and I ended up with the duck on dirty rice risotto and collard greens. Amazing, the duck basically melted in my mouth. Everything was so full of flavor, and just the right amount so you are not too full, but satisfied. Also had the beignets for dessert, those were also perfect. Chef Beckett happened to be in the kitchen last night, so he came out and said Happy Birthday to the guest of honor, which was so nice. She has always loved his restaurants and his cooking, so she fan girled just a little bit. It was a perfect dinner. The wait-staff was attentive, the food was excellent, and although it is a very noisy place, I want to go back soon! (It's pricey, so unfortunately it can't be a weekly (or daily) event as much as I would like it to be.)
5	For those of you who have lived in the area a while, you may remember the wonderful little hole in the wall on Cave Creek Rd called The Ragin' Cajun.  There has been nothing in comparison since it closed.  Until now!  Ordering an ice cold Dixie beer put my taste buds and memories into high gear!  We've been back twice in a week.  Both of our waiters were helpful, personable.  We loved Chris on our first visit.  He was funny and made our evening more enjoyable with his suggestions and comments.  Buddy was our second visit.  Cute, helpful and attentive.  I had the Gumbo YaYa on our first visit and the red beans and rice with andouille sausage on the second.  Both were spot on!  Fried green tomatoes, collard greens, beignets.  I can't wait to go back again and try something else.  As long as I get my Dixie beer, I'm in heaven.  Hmmmm.  Maybe tomorrow?
3	Pros: The atmosphere is just gorgeous. Mostly reclaimed materials, much of which is from the old Beefeaters restaurant. Beautiful design; I just sat there looking around the room. Also, the staff is excellent. Everyone I spoke with--the host/hostess, bartender, server--they all were totally professional and totally friendly at the same time. Really great group of people.Cons: The food is overpriced. I live in this neighborhood but feel excluded from being able to eat here more than once or twice a year because of the high cost. It's obvious that most diners are not from the neighborhood (you can just tell; look at their cars and clothes), which is a bummer since it would be nice to have a local spot that served people IN the neighborhood. I also wasn't that impressed by the food, as I expected to be. I had the fried chicken and pork loin (split with my husband). If you're looking for fancy fried chicken, Tuck Shop is better; trust me on that one. The pork loin was good but not worth $24 at all. The mashed sweet potatoes that surrounded it were so, so rich and buttery--and I LOVE butter--but it was just too much; it kind of made me feel sick. I personally prefer to spend less money and have the same or even better quality food at other nearby spots like Gallo Blanco, Thai Rama, etc. (I know those aren't the same cuisine, but just when it comes to judging the value for the money.)I'll probably come back here when my husband's parents come into town since they're fancy and they'll likely pay for our meal, but otherwise I unfortunately can't afford to spend as much time here as I'd like!
2	Good but certainly not wonderful. Four of us decided to try it and all ordered something different. We all agreed the best of the night was the service and the atmosphere. Loud, but we expected that, they retained alot of the original decor which was a very nice touch. Food....it was ok. Expensive for the small portions in our opinion and we all agreed this would not be visited by any of us again. Wasn't worth the $$$$ spent for the food received. We actually went somewhere else later and had desert and "good" coffee and discussed the new try. Again, it was the consensus of the group to NOT include the Southern Rail in our place to visit. We are not big eaters, but the portions were pretty small for $$$ charged. The salads were the biggest disappointment as there was no dressing to taste, the salads tasted like washed lettuce and no garnish and very little dressing. The entrees were very small portions and certainly not worth the price. Overall our expectation was to have a great time at an old place we had visited for years, enjoy a super dinner, and talk. We did not accomplish any of this. Best time was the book store next door. Oh, by the way...............DO NOT ORDER COFFEE...... they should offer "fresh' coffee or have an espresso bar for pour overs or americano's, capps, lats, etc.
3	I liked this place but my gawd it was expensive!  I had 2 drinks, fried green tomatoes and the fish special for $55. That's not including the tip. It's also VERY loud! Our service was pretty good for a semi busy weekday evening.
3	i brought my mom with me because the building is the old Beefeaters on camelback and mom worked there in college :) this is the reason we gave this place the old college try ;) First our bartender was great - nice and friendly. Drinks were good :) they have a huge beer selection but its American only. Mom is not so into american beer but besides that the beer on tap could be colder. Its summer in AZ and tap beer needs to feel like its on ice. Second the food selection has a southern theme which is awesome - I'm a southern girl so its a great fit! We had the okra - it was excellent and perfectly fried now the sauce that comes with it not so much. Its like they tried to do a relish ramoulade but it tastes more like a thousand island fail. Third we tried the toast and jams - now the jams were great very different and fun there was an excellent tomato jam that had an orange background- it was great! Then the onion bacon jam different but great - and a pimento spread that wasn't bad and I'm not crazy about pimento so thats saying something- the problem was the toast :/ it was this toasted bread that had a soft crunch like it was stale :/ they did bring us more but it tasted the same - i think its the wrong bread selection for this dish - toasted french bread would have been amazing! They did take the dish off the bill. Now overall i enjoyed what we ordered but i did not find it worth the price - it is very pricey for what is served. If you do go do not miss the okra or the ginger beer - those 2 items cannot go wrong.
4	Pros: great food, great serviceCons: loud, priceyThe food was really delicious. Split the grilled watermelon salad, cornbread, grits, gumbo yaya, and coconut cake with a girlfriend who was in town visiting. The salad wasn't really "grilled" that I could tell, but still tasty. The smokiness of the pork in the yaya was fantastic! I will dream of that dish for a long time. Want to try the duck or BBQ shrimp next. Cool venue. Love the entire development. Please just tweak the prices so I can become a regular.
1	Complete disappoint!  We had a reservation and they started to seat us then determined the table was occupied.  Then told us to stand in the middle of the restaurant and wait. We moved back to the hostess stand....ackward.  Then when we got seated and ordered our drink order came bout the same time our tasteless cold food arrived.  Regretfully we ordered dessert the bread pudding.  It was warm on the edges and ice cold in the center! The bourbon sauce was horrible.  We moved here from the south and this is not what we expected.  It was grossly overpriced and the noise made it difficult to hold a conversation.  I never complain but this was bad.
4	Great location for some yummy food and nice happy hour! Stopped in for some great $5 wines and fried green tomatoes! All wines are US born and great selections! Definitely recommend!
4	Just tried the gumbo here at southern rail. Not too heavy, just right with shredded chicken and sausage . The place has a simple southern style and has plenty of space. next door offers a different bar- coffee shop with a neat book store full of knick knacks  and what nots. Also there's plenty of space for studying. It's kind of a shame it's not more packed, perhaps it's due to the fact that it's Thursday. All I know is I'll be coming more to try out more food and drinks
4	Great food, great serviceWent to Southern Rail on an early Friday night (6:30). Good crowd but easy to get a table. They have a good bourbon list and fine scotch list - bartender knew his stuff and was able to make some good recommendations. We had the grilled watermelon salad, trout, and catfish. All were great. Changing hands in the same building is a great stop to walk off your drinks or stop in for a pre-dinner drink and browse. Would definitely go again.
5	Waiter Chris was awesome!  Fried green tomatoes were perfect. . Loved the Austin Mule drink!
1	Good food.Outrageous prices.13$ for the cheapest glass of wine.The ingredients used are low quality but with a fancy twist .The environment and service is great but we left feeling very ripped off.My wife had a flat iron steak which was low quality meat but they charged us 27$!! Which is basically the price of a filet mignon I'm some places.I had shrimp with the head on.6 shrimps,(medium size) 20$!!!
2	Very disappointing. We were really looking forward to trying this place, but nothing we ordered was very good. Service was terrible too. We were sat at seats that had 2 empty wine glasses there. After about 5 mins someone came over and asked if we wanted refills on the wine. After we explained that they weren't our glasses and no one had cleared the table yet it took another 5-10 min for anytime to come take our drink order. We won't be back.
5	I loved every minute of it. It is a true dining experience. The service was spot on, and the Fried green tomatoes were AMAZING!!!!!!!!! This was a fine dining experience with expert and experienced chefs in the back. Their twist on "Southern Food" is amazing. The servers are experts and know the food, ingredients and how it is prepared. The Pork Loin was perfection, and the Bread Pudding is to DIE for (sorry G'Ma). Cant wait until patio season has returned to Phoenix, so I can enjoy their beautiful patio.
5	What can I say....this may be the best newer restaurant in town. I laughed with happiness, I cried with joy. At one point the best bartender in town, Emily, had to pinch me to convince this experience was indeed real. I will most likely be here waiting for the doors to open tomorrow morning.
1	Shockingly low quality of food with a correspondingly shockingly high price. With great expectations my husband and I went there Friday night at 6 o'clock.  The gumbo was a joke!  It was shredded chicken in brown water from a crock pot with some Cajun seasoning, no gravy, no okra, no seafood, with a tablespoon of dry crunchy rice on top.  So disappointing that I did not think I would recover, but then my cornbread salad came and the experience reached further into the abyss.  I don't even know what to say about this disaster!  Small, shriveled cauliflower, three lettuce leaves, shriveled and pickled cherry tomatoes, and chunks of day old corn muffins mixed in dressing that was neither tasty or salad saving.  I returned the salad uneaten and was billed full price even after telling the waiter that is was really quite bad.Never will we go to this place again.
5	I was surprised by all the reviews that had less than a stellar experience. So my husband and I decided to go during lunch,  to avoid having a huge bill to pay for in the event that we had a similar experience.Holy hell. This was awesome! Go for lunch if you aren't sure about dinner. We arrived a little after 11am, and the place had a few customers but not many. It was quiet. And our service was quick. The place is decorated really nicely, and they even kept the original booths from Beef Eaters. Loved the old country music they played! Reminded me of my grandma and I even got a little teary-eyed while waiting for our food. What a wonderful moment I had with my husband on a random lunch date. Our server was Sarah, she was phenom! Very quick, polite, asked if we had any questions, attentive, and even brought my husband a new dessert plate because the one she gave him looked spotty. We didn't even have to ask for drink refills. She was just great and I can't say enough about her.We ordered an app, lunch, and dessert. For the appetizer we had the toast n jam n cheese. It was small but enough to satisfy 2 people. It tasted great and the sweet onion jam is to die for! For lunch we ordered the chilled corn soup and gumbo. Both were great. For dessert we ordered the beignets. Only 2 come in an order but 1 is enough for one person. They are fairly big. They came out fresh and covered in powdered sugar. It was a neat presentation. We will definitely be back, can't wait to try brunch and dinner!
3	I had the duck....excellent, excellent, excellent.  My wife had the Gumbo, a complete miss.  How do you miss on gumbo when your a southern restaurant is beyond me.  Taking both of the plates into consideration and the fact that i thought it was overpriced, took it to a 3 star.  Separate note, the design and remodel of the old building is cool and worth checking out.
3	I was really looking forward to trying Southern Rail. Overall the food was excellent and the service was really really great. The reason I only gave 3 stars is because I thought it was WAY overpriced and the head on shrimp were terribly overlooked, tough and dry. Fried green tomatoes, chilled corn soup and bread pudding were awesome.
3	A for ambiance, B- for food. Justin Beckett has done an excellent job of rehabbing this old restaurant into an attractive compound of businesses that includes Southern Rail and First Draft Book Bar. Southern Rail is the crown jewel. The booths are holdovers from Beefeaters, but everything else seems to be new. I especially liked the large windows that open up to a patio facing Camelback; the light rail whizzes right past. I was mixed on the food and drinks. I got a Rail Runner, which didn't taste as good as the description (bulleit bourbon, lemonade, soda) and came in a fairly small julep cup. The cornbread was tasty and I liked the accompanying black pepper honey butter, but it only came with 3 small cornbread muffins. My wife got the flatiron, which was cooked well and had a bit of spice to it that we enjoyed. Surprisingly, my gumbo was not spicy at all. The andouille sausage was pretty good (but still not that spicy), but everything else fell flat. That was the most disappointing, as the gumbo seems to be one of the featured items. The mac n' cheese came to the rescue, however. You'd think mac n' cheese would always be good, but I've had some fairly mediocre mac at restaurants, so I complement Southern Rail's.All of the foregoing could be forgiven except for the fact that Southern Rail is pricey. Being pricey is okay where you feel like you're getting the right bang for the buck, like at the sister restaurant Beckett's Table, but that wasn't the case for me here. The high price point makes me consider this more of a 2.5 star review.
3	Mixed...the interior is breathtaking.  The food and service were a mixed bag.  We arrived at opening on a Sunday for brunch.  After the waiter described the Dutch Pancakes and I ordered them...someone called from the kitchen no, no we don't have them this morning.  What a disappointment since I had been salivating over them based on the online menu.  Also a bad first impression since I was the first to order at the table.  OK what can I order quickly so the next person can order.  Hoe cakes ok - somewhat similar...I'll try that.  OH NO...I didn't read the fine print.  The Hoe cakes are covered with Duck and I do not eat Duck. Yuck.  So I said I'll pay for my first dish but I can't eat it.  Can you bring me the french toast that has been served to others at the table?  They replaced my order quickly.  The french toast was bread pudding covered with Bananas Foster and it was outstanding.  Here's the service question ....since the Dutch Pancakes with Bananas Foster was not available. He should have suggested I order the French Toast with Bananas Foster.  Ultimately I was filled and happy with my food.  I surveyed the table and got a mixed bag of reviews.  Several tasted my duck but no one wanted to eat it.  Take it off the menu.  Two of the ladies at my table have lived in France and were disappointed with the Croque Monsieur.  They expected the egg to be inside the sandwich not on top of it.  I did hear a few complaints about price but hey I'm used to paying more for Brunch and the atmosphere and experience were worth it.So my advice for the staff...prepare better so menu items are always available.  Eat each of the dishes and edit.  Continue to refine.
1	Joined some friends here who enjoy supporting new restaurants in the valley. I always stick with the standards and ordered the roast beef po boy. The meat was terrible. I tried eating the 1st half of the sandwich and 1/2 the meat was uneatable, which had to be put in a napkin. I attempted to try the 2nd half and realized it was just as bad. I dinner mates enjoyed their meals but my experience tells me not to try it again.
5	Food was great,  service from Chris was probably the best I have had at a restaurant in Phoenix.
5	The food and ambiance were both fantastic. I was greeted by the host opening the door and helping me find my party, pulled out my chair and everything; quite impressed from the start. Our server was incredible, drinks were never empty and gave us great suggestions to help us decide what to order. Apps came out quickly and timed our main course perfectly. The food was prepared perfectly, came out hot and plated beautifully. The only downside was not saving enough room for dessert. Will definitely be back!
5	They've done an excellent job with the restaurant. First time visiting and we will returning soon. Drink menu is very good with a nice variety of bourbons and scotches. Small plate selection is also very good. We ordered the tomato, onion, and bacon tart -- along with the fried green tomatoes, both were excellent! For our entrees we ordered the gumbo and pork tenderloin... absolutely amazing! Service was handled by Chris who was very friendly, relaxed, and knew the menu. I don't usually make note of waitstaff by name for future reference but he left a lasting impression and will certainly ask for him the next time we visit. Thank you to everybody for an excellent dinner!
5	Delicious meal! I understand the the higher prices come at the cost of eating predominantly local fresh ingredients. I am 100%ok with this! We ordered the bacon onion tart with delicious tomatoes baked on top. Amazing. Our meals were delicious, both the pork loin and catfish were tasty. Beautiful set up, not too crowded and loved the booths. Can't wait for the full patio to open up. Great job, we will be back!
4	We wanted to give it five stars, the food is amazing and the drinks were excellent! Try the house smoked trout or the duck confit, both are delicious, but the service was mediocre. We would sit at the bar next time. The drinks didn't arrive for 15 minutes and appetizer took 30. We were still waiting for food at 8:30 PM, the hostess has to bring out both dishes, and we had to ask another server for more water. We are not even sure why Tai was our waiter. They are almost great...
3	The place is beautiful and we'll decorated.  Service was good and the waiter was very attentive refilling drinks every five minutes but the food was average .Ordered the poor boy with shrimp. The bread was nice and crunchy however there was too much sauce with the slaw. Had the gumbo which was salty and had to order extra rice the prices are a little on the high side
5	I basically reserve writing reviews at all for places that REALLY stand out to me as great restaurants.Southern Rail is in the running for my new favorite restaurant in the valley. Amidst all of the amazing local food coming out of Central Phoenix lately, this place leads the pack for me. I lived in Georgia for a couple years and developed a deep love for American southern cooking. Phoenix doesn't have a lot of true southern food restaurants besides Lolo's--this place is SEVERAL steps up from Lolo's in quality, atmosphere, and aesthetic. Of course, with that, it's several steps up in price as well.We had great service. I've read in some other reviews that it's a noisy place. I didn't have that experience myself, probably since we went on a Tuesday evening. Our server was very enthusiastic about the food and made some on-point recommendations.The building is beautiful. A restored historic structure that now houses 3 great local businesses: Southern Rail Restaurant, Changing Hands Bookstore (with a beer/wine/coffee bar called "First Draft"), and Southwest Gardener. Awesome atmosphere and great people.
2	Service was great, drinks were fantastic (especially the wine) and the ambiance was equally enjoyable. However, not a group-friendly place. See below:This evening, my supervisor took 15 faculty and staff members out for drinks to celebrate our week. The service was great and so were our drinks. We spend an hour drinking and enjoying the beautiful patio by the fireplace. When our supervisor left, she paid for our drinks. We were having such a good time, we all decided to stay and order food and more drinks. When some of us were getting ready to leave at 8pm, we asked to have our bills. Our server explained that he could not split our bills. Since the majority of us did not have cash on us, we grew concerned. We asked again to please have our bills split so we could individually cover our tabs. We were told that it was restaurant policy to not split the tab. We spent the next 45 minutes as a group trying to figure out how to pay the bill, we ended up splitting it up anyway according to what each of ordered tossing in several credit cards and some cash. The cashier ended up splitting it anyway according to our notes on the receipt.What was a fun night of great food and time with our co-workers turned into disappointing and frustrating mathematical nightmare lasting 45 minutes. Total buzz kill.We didn't bring this to the attention to the manager because we did not want to throw our server (Chris) under the bus since his service was impeccable.While I would enjoy returning to this place, I would not recommend bringing a group. We all left disappointed and frustrated by our experience. This could have been a 5-star review.
2	Where to begin on this restaurant: a group of coworkers and I decided to go to this restaurant as a going away present for a coworker that was leaving. It was a total of 16 of us that decided to give this restaurant shot.  Everything was wonderful about this restaurant including the food, the drinks, and the service! The waiter was awesome - I think his name was Chris.  When it came time for us to leave we asked the waiter if we could split the bill and we were told that it was restaurant policy that they never split the bill for any large groups. So we spent just under the next hour trying to figure out who purchased what and finding out what each person's financial responsibility was.  At the end of the evening, we all ended up splitting purchase anyway. This is not what I consider a very customer friendly experience. At the end of the day the waiter probably would've ended up with more tips if he was able to split the bill.
4	Great service.   Attentive and friendly.   Roast beef Po boy was really good.   Nice horseradish bite.  The gumbo was unique.   Less new Orleans and more of a beef stew.   Different but good.   Nice ambience and beautiful interior.
5	Excellent atmosphere great food  A great twist on classic Southern comfort food-our server Chris was excellent! I will definitely be coming back.
4	We visited Southern Rail on a lovely Phoenix "fall" Sunday morning for brunch.  We sat out on the patio.   It was 10:45am and still relatively quiet.   We started our brunch by sharing the ultimate sticky bun, pecans, icing($5), which was large enough to share a few bites between 4 people.   We loved it.For my main course, I ordered the fried green tomato benedict, biscuit, tomato jam, creole hollandaise, frisee salad ($13).  The creole hollandaise sauce was not too spicy.  It was definately a favorite at the table! My son ordered the SR bread pudding french toast, banana caramel bourbon sauce ($11).  Yes, they turned the bread pudding into french toast -- genious! (I'm going to try this out at home.)  Ding. Ding.  Winner.Our friend ordered the shrimp and grits ($13).  She thought it was delicious, but it was very greasy (as in the oil was pooling to the side of the grits.   I ordered a Bloody Mary, which I promptly gave to my husband.  I think it must be made with "creole" spices and I much prefer a more simpler version with my horse-radish.Definately consider Southern Rail for an early morning lunch -- it's realtively quite and the menu interesting.I love the architectural space and decore of Southern Rail -- very open, airy, urban, with lots of outdoor bar and patio space for us to enjoy the good weather we have in Phoenix.  I would definately put this on the top of the list to bring visitors and family members from out of town.  It's a great space for happy hour too.   And bonus:  After Brunch, we stimulated the economy at "Changing Hands Bookstore" located there on the premises.
4	A very unique menu full of amazing stuff.  We have yet to find anything we didn't love.  This is a foodies restaurant and if you like different and unique cuisine, you have found the spot.As a chef myself I thought it was a bit over priced for what we had and given the location as well as the noise from pretty bad acoustics, I feel I have to hold back one star though I will be going back.Our waiter was attentive, honest about likes and dislikes and really knew the menu.  In all it was a great experience but plan on spending some money.
3	I really want to love this place, I really do! But... the food just isn't there... I've had +/- 7 or 8 different dishes now (two visits) and only two have been better than average (just slightly better). Those being, the mac and fried green tomatoes. However, I think both are over priced. 4 slices of a tomato is like $8 or something? Youch! Justin homie, we all know green tomatoes and batter don't cost dat much! Conversely, the gumbo is so far from what I was expecting and just flat boring that it really took me back. I literally looked at my wife when it came out and asked if she thought that was the gumbo?? It looked like rice and KFC gravy (similar taste to appearance). Almost no flavor, complexity, zing, pow, pop, bang, etc! Maybe that's traditional gumbo? Don't know, but in my humble opinion, it needs a total redo. We're talking tear up the script and start over again. A page one rewrite. Ok, 'nuff dissin' on the expensive food. The building/property/story/decor/location/atmosphere/super close to my house is uber tight. Real good stuff, so I slide it up to 3 stars (really more like a 2.85). All that said, I really do encourage you to check it out for yourself. Venue Projects did an outstanding job on the whole thing. Wishing them the best of luck and will definitely be back but beg and plead they keep working on the food and prices.
4	The service was good, and the food was good. I can't say I was completely wowed but I did enjoy myself.
1	Had brunch there today, and there were a total of 6 people in our party. Our service was terrible, it took forever to get or meals. the waitress did not check back with us after our meals were served, it took almost 20 minutes to get a refill on coffee.  The Fried Green Tomato Eggs Benedict were not great-poached eggs were like hard boiled eggs.  The Cuban Po-Boy has little flavor and was just wet.  When asked to split a dish back in the kitchen-they told us that are not allowed to do that?? The prices were really expensive for very poor food and service.  Lastly, there were a ton of flies due to the "Open Restaurant Concept" and the traffic from the light rail and passing loud motorcycles made it difficult to hear.  I will not go back ever again-waste of time.
4	Food was delicious, beautiful decor and good service. My big issue is the price. Way too expensive for regular visits. Brunch for two was nearly $40 with tip,
2	Empty room for lunch and the hostess asked if I had a reservation. The food is good but it is definitely over priced. Atmosphere is nice but they continuously miss on service and me being wowed for a $10 po boy. This place is so close to my work but I doubt I'll ever go back again. Bummer.
1	Like most on yelp I really wanted to like this place..food is super bland,staff super rude.what a waste of historical space.something good awesome and delicious needs to be here!
5	A friend and I were next door at Changing Hands and after glancing at some fine books, we got curious at the bar next door.  Intrigued, we decided to check it out.  The bar was full.  After all, it was Thirsty Thursday.  The host accommodated us at a table even though it was reserved for some people who were expected to show up within the hour.  So, our time was limited.  And to ease our "press for time" stress level, the service attendants did just that...attend attentively.  We got water on schedule.  Our waiter worked diligently to get us our meals quickly knowing our time was short.  But as soon as we tasted the fried green tomatoes, we knew we were in trouble!  There was no way we were going to devour our food and savor it at the same time.  We knew our limited time meant that we would have to inhale and run! And that we would have to return at a later time when the clock would tick our way.  The food was simply DELICIEUX... (gotta write 'delicious' in French) because it was that good.   We added to our plate the crispy duck leg confit and, of course, good ole mac n cheese.  I have a feeling we also ordered the dirty rice but I can't recall for certain at this point.  Perhaps I was thinking about it so much that I thought it up on my plate.  Southern Rail is one of those restaurant experiences that you won't soon forget.  The taste of the food is etched on your palate for quite some time.
1	Pork ribs were nothing but fat and a little tough meat. The rest, including drinks, 3 appetizers, a small dish and dessert, were mediocre and overpriced. We were disappointed.
3	Service was nice. Pork loin was very good and kale salad was pretty good. Overall most dishes were average. Drinks were reasonable but this place doesn't compare to its sister restaurant beckett table and they ran out of 4 things at 8pm on Saturday night...come on...
3	I'll probably get some criticism for my review, but it was just my opinion of my visit.Going in you could tell this is one of the those places that makes things complicated for its own sake. Rather than taking something simple and tested, they try to change it by adding a bunch of unheard of spices and charge double the price.We came in around 8 on a Saturday night, however everything was sold out as far as the daily specials go. They don't serve the lunch menu, so that pretty much leaves salads and appetizers. After a 4 hour car ride, I wanted more than a salad, so I tried the Mac and cheese. It was strange, hints of fennel seed in a non-creamy sort of wet powdered texture that wasn't pleasant at all. It was almost like bland paste with fennel and peppercorn. $8 please!We also had brioche rolls and the apple butter. The rolls were about $7 and around the size of a kings Hawaiian roll. They were soft, but as soon as you bit in, it instantaneously turned into this mushy glop of flavorless paste. It did come with apple butter and that was about the only thing going for it. I don't know who their market is, but not serving even sandwiches and having the choice between a salad and a $22 entree is a big gap. I wish they had cheeseburgers at least. What's wrong with cheese burgers?This place gives me the feeling that it's pretentious for the sake of being pretentious. People paying more to get the feeling that they're somehow different than everyone else because they had a "culinary experience." I'm not buying it. You'll find me around the corner at the Windsor where at least their food tastes good. They do get stars for service I guess. The wait staff was friendly enough.
2	We couldn't wait to try this restaurant. Unfortunately it did not live up to expectations. We started with cornbread muffins. My cornbread muffins are much better. And I'm not a professional chef. Then we had the po' boys and gumbo on the side.  The bread was delicious; the sandwiches overall were just alright. The catfish po'boy had the fish put in last so it was only in one bite in three.  That gumbo was not what I was expecting it all, it looked and tasted like pork stew. No seafood, barely any andouille. My father and I were eating and having the exact same thought: "I miss Baby Kay's." Unfortunately this place is quite a bit more expensive than Baby Kay's was. I don't think I'll be back. Which sucks, because it's right down the street from my house.
5	I have eaten here many more times and each time has been fantastic. Their desserts are to die for as well as there cornbread muffins. That Honey Pepper butter is so delish!
2	First off, the food is excellent.  Fried Green Tomatoes are delicious, and everything was very good or better.  HOWEVER, I have to give the service an "F", and not because of our waitress, but an odd policy that made our experience there downright angering.  We had a large party of 15 for which we made a reservation in advance.  Upon asking to split the check, we were told by our waitress that restaurant policy was to not allow split checks, but they would accept multiple credit cards to pay the final tab.  I expressed my concern over this, given that figuring out the bill for 15 people would be a huge task.  I asked for clarification on that rule, which I never got.  Our waitress would only tell us it was the policy and she could do nothing about it.Sure enough, when the bill came, mass confusion began.  We had a $600 tab that we had to figure out amongst ourselves.  First submission of cards proved that the total came up short, despite our math that put us at just above the total.  The waitress was frustrated with the confusion, and she asked if I would like to speak to the manager to figure this out.  I said yes, but she returned shortly to tell me that her manager just said "that's restaurant policy".   After over 30 minutes of trying to work amongst ourselves and with our waitress, we finally got it settled.  During all this confusion and frustration, the manager looked on and said nothing, and refused to address the issue for both his customers and his waitress.Why would a restaurant defer this sort of problem to his customers to figure out for themselves?  Our waitress suggested this was time saving for the staff.  Clearly this did nothing but cause problems for everyone involved.  She was perhaps more frustrated than we the customers were, and the manager left her high and dry to deal with it herself.  That is poor customer service.   It was enough to leave us with a bad experience at Southern Rail.  Sure, the food was good, but that doesn't matter if the "policy makers"  make policies that hurts its customers, and then gives no explanation as to their policy.  I will think twice before considering dining at Southern Rail again.  If you are going with a party, take into consideration that at the end of your meal, you are going to be tasked with figuring out how to divide your bill.
2	With great reluctance I write this Review as I visited with such high hopes.Just a word about the "Service." Our Waitress was sensational and I could see her and others interfacing with Customers and they seemed equally as tuned in.Unfortunately the food did NOT measure up to these folks stellar  service. I never reviewed Beckett's Table because I felt I was in the minority and maybe just hit it on a bad night (won't go back there either) but now a second of his Restaurants shows poorly to me and I can't imagine how others have given such raving Reviews.I visited with a native New Orlinian and he, like I was sorely disappointed. We tried:* Fried Green Tomatoes with Pimento Cheese - lacked taste and was clearly overcooked. The "Gold Standard" in Phoenix is certainly Short Leash Sit and Stay and these didn't even come close.* Fried Okra - Fresh is the best thing I can say about it. The batter was fired "hard" and wasn't pleasant to eat* Shrimp Po Boy - NOT even close to what one would expect, plus a small portion. (Old bad joke, "the food was bad but there was a lot of it!") Chef should take a trip to Pappadeux's, with certainly the best Po Boys in Phoenix that I have had.All in all, will NOT go back even though my inclination, based on other Reviews is to try it one more time. Too many great alternatives!
4	Have so been wanting to try Southern Rail and finally got a chance. It's in a great location near the brand-new Changing Hands in Phoenix. Outdoor seating with heaters and the fireplace on a fairly brisk evening - gorgeous! Terrific service throughout the evening. They were out of DiSaranno for one of their specialty cocktails and the bartender made us a surprise - out of this world! Food is really good here... jambalaya, fried green tomatoes, bbq ribs, cornbread salad, succotash, and sweet potatoes. All of it wonderful. I am surprised that they don't have fried chicken on the menu every day - really surprised. You'll have to visit on a Wednesday for that item. Desserts were only passable - the beignets were rather donut like, not light and airy like they are in New Orleans. The bread pudding (highly praised) was cold in the middle and dense. Otherwise... a perfect meal.
3	Well having once lived in Alabama and Oklahoma I was expecting some old fashion southern cooking hence the name "Souther Rail" That was not the case. I started with the appetizer fried green tomatoes.  The totatoes were small I felt like a giant eating them. Biting into them did not really taste the tomato as much as I did the crispy coating.  I added 3 sugars into the sweet tea. As an entree I had the chicken and dumplings.  It reminded me more of a soup with vegetables and bread.The broth was tasty but just missing the mark on sothern cooking for me. For desert had the coconut cake. It was tasty but a  little bit dry. The resturant itself is beautiful and comfortable, but I was a little disappointed.  I think there are a few things you just dont mess with and that is real southern cooking that looks and taste like someone's mother or grandmother made. I dont think I will return. I do hope you like it, but its not for me.
3	So this place is located, for any of you locals who have been in the area for a while, where Beef Eaters used to be. Across from the restaurant is a book store and it looked as if there was another shop onsite as well. I liked the Po' Boys sandwich that I had. It had decent flavor and my daughter enjoyed her meal as well. Would probably go back for a second visit, but wouldn't make it a regular spot to stop by. It seemed like the menu had a Cajun theme to it.
5	The best dinner night out with my wife in a long time. Service was great. Food was great too.It was a happy place with talk and laughter all around you. The whole restaurant was ablaze with life and patrons having a great evening.Gotta go back.
4	I have eaten here a few times now and have not been dissapointed!Brunch Croque Mansieur! OO LA LA OMG! Heaven on a plate, the bechamel is so good and the ham is a little sweet, the tomato really balances the dish. I ordered the Poached egg on top it was perfect! The Gumbo is delish the smokey sausage and the head on shrimp set this chicken gumbo up. It's one of the best gumbo's I've ever eaten. I really reminds me of our trip to New Orleans. Only thing missing was a piece of French bread to get every drop out of my bowl!My mother had the Cuban po boy it wasn't what I expected from a Po boy but very good. The grilled watermelon salad is amazing! The wedge was equally delicious! We had Beniets and Cafe Au lait yummmmmmmmm!The shrimp and cheesy grits were so creamy and flavorful will definately have this dish again. I think a little larger portion and again a piece of bread or a bisquit to go with it. I really love how they revitalized the old Beefeaters! It is a really great space and what Beckett has done here definately turns heads. It is a fun rustic kinda sexy open space. The only draw back in my opinion is we were pestered by a few fly's that should be addressed and I would like to see the shrimp and grits be a larger portion. Other than that Bravo! I will be back!
4	After reading all of the negative reviews, I was a bit skeptical of dining at Southern Rail. The entire experience was just wonderful and I'm glad I ignored these reviews! I've dined extensively in Europe...I know what good food is! I thoroughly enjoyed the chicken and biscuit dumplings and was also able to sample the pork tenderloin. If you're not a picky eater, you'll certainly enjoy the yummy vegetables. Collard greens and sweet potatoes...doesn't get any better! We finished our meal with beignets...almost as good as Cafe du Monde in New Orleans! Plus, our waitress was a real gem and checked on us multiple times. We'll be back!
2	I'm not sure if we just came on a bad night or what. But, based on the fact that the place was half empty on a Saturday night I think probably not. First off, let me say that the service was very good and the restaurant is very comfortable and nicely decorated. I tried several dishes, all of which I thought were mediocre or ...worse. The fried green tomatoes were over cooked and under seasoned. The pimento cheese that comes with it was just not right either. I had the broccoli and cauliflower casserole and I have to wonder why this is even on the menu? It was dry, bland and just plain not good. The chicken and biscuits were bland and the catfish dish as a whole seemed very disjointed. The red velvet cake was so sweet that it literally made my teeth hurt. It was also oddly crunchy (?). For someplace that is charging exceptionally high prices, I would expect that the chef would at least be able to use salt correctly. I can usually forgive mediocre food when the prices are reasonable, but I left here feeling like I really got ripped off.
2	The service was top-notch and the food exquisite.  The prices were outrageous for the portion sizes and the restaurant has a policy of not splitting checks which was irritable.  We stopped in on a whim as we had noticed lots of cars whenever we drove by.  Turns out, the night we were there, most of the cars either belonged to the bar/bookstore next door or to employees because the restaurant was almost empty.  I wouldn't go back.  This restaurant just seems so out of place in this area of Phoenix.
5	Southern Rail, what a restaurant should be!  You can't only judge an establishment by the excellent food, you have to take in the entire experience...they crushed it!  Wait staff was awesome, Drew, our server was personable, gave great recommendations and was attentive without being overbearing.  The ambiance is phenomenal as it feels very relaxing and comfortable.  The build out is awesome from the wood plank ceilings to the southern style bar!  The food had tremendous flavor, was well prepared and very original; a decent amount of options for non-pork eaters too.  Highly recommend great times had by all, thanks!
5	An excellent dining experience with a thoroughly delightful waitress. Food was excellent! Good southern taste. Generally Southern cooking means deep fried grease. Not the case here. Just good down wholesome healthy food.
3	All these stars are for the service and taste of some of the dishes.Went here last Friday night after some friends texted saying they were there and I should come join them! I was excited since it's a 5 min walk from home and have been wanting to check it out. My friends had the Mac and cheese, cheesy grits, and grilled pork chop. The Mac and cheese was the big hit. my friend said the grilled pork chop wasn't worth the price, nothing wrong with it, just nothing special about it either. I got a Moscow mule and the tomato tart, both of which were delicious, but the portions were tiny for the prices. If I were to go again, I would probably only go during happy hour.
3	Its with regret and reluctance that I write this review.  Its not on the food or the majority of the staff of the Rail or Becketts Table, but on the management staff of both restaurants.We have been devoted fans of both places since the opening of the Table 4 years ago.  We have patronized these places together over 100 times and have never felt a need to place a negative report on social media.  Yesterday we were banned from each place due to an incident that occurred in October.  This incident didn't occur in the restaurant but on the phone with one of the owners.  We had lunch with a friend who happens to be a lead server at one of the valleys finest fine dining establishments.  He commented on how impersonal and non-descripitive our waiter was.  Also half of our leftover Po-boy was thrown away. The server still received a 25% tip which was left by our guest. We were told by this owner that we should not eat at the Rail anymore and just eat at Becketts Table.  We were shocked by her response since we felt it was constructive to alert them to a new patrons opinion.Yesterday we went to Becketts Table for the social hour, dined on several small plates and consumed a couple of adult beverages.  During that time my wife talked with the owner and expressed regret for the situation and apologized, the owner said she was still processing the incident.  When tabbing out we were told the owner picked up the tab.  On our way out we were followed outside by the owner and were told by her that she and the other owners had concluded that we were no longer welcomed at either restaurant.We have supported these restaurants with our patronage and our hard earned dollars which over the last 4 years must have exceeded $10,000 with all the grown up tables and wine dinners that we have taken part of, and for making a complaint that was meant to help them be a better restaurant we are no longer able to support the many fine servers whom we have grown fond of.We are neither chronic complainers nor glutens for punishment. Who would continue to come to the same restaurant if things were not for the most part perfect.  Also we never expected to have them "make things right" when we would point out something that wasn't quite right.  Except for a drink or two we have paid for everything we consumed up till last night.I think its important to know the kind of thin skin individuals you are handing your money over to and also that your own ability to eat at one of their establishments may depend on the complaint you may have.  So my advise to you, sit down, eat and shut up.
4	Really pretty design inside. I liked my watermelon salad with smoked pulled chicken, though I had a bone in my very last bite. John's shrimp po boy was delicious with the house made pickle. But the gumbo was one note.
2	We have driven past this place countless times, and with Central being closed and is being unable to get to Windsor we figured it was fate. Long story short, the food was alright but the service was lacking. Our server was MIA and flighty, dropping dirty silverware on my dad multiple times. Also, after waiting an obscene amount of time for the beignets, the manager finally dropped them off at the table spilling powder sugar all over my black suit and didn't apologize Since it was a Saturday afternoon we figured that the food would come quickly, but we waited over an hour for our food. The food was decent and we would've given it a second chance if our server would've cared about our dining experience.
3	Stopped in tonight for dinner before the crowd came in. Our Server John did a great job of explaining everything and handling our requests. Other staff members were tentative cleaning our plates and getting us setup for the next round. I've seen lots of complaints about their service, but stopped in anyway to see what its all about, no big complaints at all on my end.We ordered the Kale Salad, Mac & Cheese, Fried Green Tomatoes, Corn Bread, and some beer.In all the food was good, portion to price ratio is a bit off in my opinion, but all other areas were good.I'll stop in for lunch next month to try a PO' Boy and see how that goes.
1	There is nothing I dislike more than being told that the item on the menu that I just ordered is not available. If an item in on the menu, it needs to be available. It's not a special...it's a regular menu item. Yesterday, the tomato and onion tart was not available.Although the food is delicious it is INCREDIBLY OVERPRICED. I ordered an $11 salad that filled half a salad-sized plate. My husband ordered the Monday special and paid $18 for about 1 1/2 cups of beans and rice and a single andouille sausage. It's not that these are expensive ingredients or huge portions, thus the large price tag. They are simply using a much bigger multiplier than other restaurants. It's just not worth it. Most people will feel they are being taken advantage of, unfortunately. When you see an $11 salad on the menu, you expect it to be a meal-sized salad, not a side dish.
4	We had a wonderful night here on my son's birthday. What made it so special was the great service that we had out of our waiter. Even though we were in a remote far-off corner of his outdoor patio on a chilly evening, he kept his eyes on us and we were never left wanting. [They have great heaters and they aren't afraid to use them.] The atmosphere is not as cool or charming as it could be -- I wish they'd spent a bit more to make the place look good. But, I did like the food, and that's what counts. I had a huge piece of pork tenderloin, and some great Mac 'n Cheese. While nothing is especially unique, their comfort food does just that . . . it gives you the feeling that someone who loves you just cooked you a home-cooked meal. I don't get that feeling in a restaurant very often. The next night we had dinner in another famous Phoenix restaurant (Tarbell's) and it was a let-down compared to this. When the waiter heard me reference my son's birthday, he brought out a large desert item which was enjoyed by all. A great experience! We were there on Arizona Wines night, and enjoyed a great bottle of Cochise Country white wine for half off. I like promotions like that.
2	The atmosphere is great! The service was also great, however the food really left more to be desired.  I felt the food really was not very good and it was rather cold and overpriced. We went in for brunch and left disappointed. The gumbo was very bland and the portions and incredibly small for the price.
5	All around great experiences here. Have been to Southern Rail a number of times. I have had nothing but great experiences here so far. I frequent the bar and the bartenders are always pleasant with me. The food at this place is excellent. I have always loved southern style food and their twist on Southern is very worth while. I would recommend this place to anyone who values good service, great tasting food, accommodating staff, and a fresh friendly environment.
3	I don't really get this place. It's absolutely lovely, the location is awesome, and if you want to grab lunch and then browse books, you would be wise to try this place. But the food...? I am not a picky eater by a long shot but I found this menu limited and unappealing. I finally chose the BLT salad, but it was way overthought--a hunk of iceberg topped with tomatoes and bacon and, it seems, barbecue sauce? It was not the light lunch I anticipated. The fried green tomatoes appetizer was kind of good but similarly overwrought, what with the pimiento spread. Our (adorable) waiter explained that the food concept was "Southern but not really Southern" and I guess I would have to agree with that. I hail from south of the Mason Dixon, and this strikes me as food that some Yankee on a highfalutin cooking show would think is Southern. I am not at all tempted to return, at least until they round out the menu with some more solid, traditional, Southern-inflected classics.
5	I love Beckett's Table so there was no doubt in my mind that I would also love Southern Rail, however the Fried Chicken was beyond belief good!! I have been waiting months to actually be able to go on a Wednesday to have it and I was not disappointed!  Service was fantastic! I definitely recommend the Pie in the Jar ours were Key Lime and it was perfectly tart and sweet and soooo cute in the little jar!
