5	My absolute favorite local bar, stylish but not pretentious. Has a diverse jukebox, a great scotch menu and Stella on tap. Love it!  Also, I have a secret, totally plotonic (cuz I'm married) crush on the bartender Julie.
5	Like Aaron A., I'm partial to Shady's. Great jukebox and there's often an obscure and fun DVD playing (with subtitles on). Chris is the friendliest bouncer on earth.
5	Cool place to go play some pool, drink Stella, listen to music and watch a bunch of random movies.
5	Like a lot of you, i too, was upset when i finally got to shady's after hearing about it for so long - upset that i waited that long to go, that is.i always refer to it as a 'dive' but it's really not. but it's not quite a pub or tavern, but it's small and intimate and has a killer jukebox- with tons of the Cure - and not the hits album, if you know what i mean.Julie is my all time favorite afternoon bartender, she super sweet and will always chat you up - so don't hesitate to stop in by yourself after work for a drink if you're eager to check it out. on the weekends it gets crowded fast since it's on the small side, but it's a hip crowd that i agree with everyone again that is not the least bit pretentious, so you're not mad about the tight squeeze.
5	Yes, folks.  This place pretty much rocks.   The best way to describe it is that it's like a really hip study lounge (from the Clue board game) without the books or the geeks, but with a bar, pool table and jukebox instead.  It attracts a Central & East Phoenix 20-30 something crowd who want a cool low-key place to go, but without the Scottsdale scene.  The layout of the place is little odd - but not too big, not too small.  Decent servers, generous mixed drinks, Stella on tap, movies in the background (Weird Science when I went last), killer jukebox and fun crowd really make this place.  Don't all run now, don't want it to get too crowded now...
1	So I sit down at the bar ... I have a couple of drinks ... a new bartendress starts ... the girl next to me orders another drink and the bartendress asks her how many she's already had (and I thought that was odd because she was showing NO signs of drunkenness  but I thought maybe she knew her) ... I start talking to this guy at the bar who was talking kinda loud and she admonishes him ("saying I keep hearing you and thinking there's gonna be a fight" which was SO not the case (he was just being animated and talking to three people all at once while sitting at the bar.  I ask for another beer and she goes "Well okay but I think this should be your last" ... Now I've been a licensed bartender (in Wisconsin) and told not to "over serve" your customers ... but this was just crazy in my humble opinion ... I was NOT slurring my speech, nor was I loud or obnoxious ... No biggie but it was 8pm and I had not been there all that long ... nor had I drank too much (I had four drinks in two hours) ... So if your ever into "tying one on" (which I was not at the time)... this is definitely not the place to go!Also I did not find the people here  extraordinary, and the jukebox either ... (typical Johnny Cash classics, punk and new wave standards better than most sports bars but nothing out of the ordinarily for a bar catering to "hipsters") ... and the bartender had her cleavage covered completely with ink (tattoos) which IMHO is a violation of hallowed ground ... and of course she just HAD to show the world ... just gross and boring IMHO ... I will not be back ... but your mileage may vary.  Clearly others think otherwise.
5	I heart Shady's!! You are always sure to meet someone interesting here. And not in a one-night-stand kinda way. In a "Let's have an interesting conversation" kinda way. Plus, the bartenders are always a lot of fun. By your fifth visit, they'll know your name, I promise. They show great movies all the time, always on mute so as not to interfere with conversations, and have the best jukebox in town! The infamous photographer Aaron Abbott frequents this little gem. Give it a visit, you'll be hooked.Oh, and for you smokers, they have a nice little tiny patio.
2	Shady's would be better if it weren't so awfully uncomfortable. You can't really people watch when every possible seating combination automatically puts your back to passers-by, unless you're sitting at a coveted booth in the pool room... but if you're sitting at a booth and they only seat 4-8 people, why the hell would you people-watch? And sitting in a booth when it's not crowded is somewhat polarizing, as the rest of the crowd is at the bar. The smoking patio has the same affliction - honestly, it's a rather bizarre coincidence. I'm one of those raised-by-a-crazy-military-man types, so I hate to have my back towards the door. So, basically, I don't like chilling here. It's virtually un-chillable.On the plus side, they have some good beers. And, back in the day when I was always on the prowl for scrawny punk rock types, this would be a safe place to meet them without having to listen to their music at deafening decibel levels. I also agree with previous reviewers about the bartender smarminess factor, but it's a friggin' punk rock bar. Nice bartenders would just be insulting. Because we yelpers are so hardcore.
4	my favorite laid-back bar in phoenix. as close as you can get to che's or the bar part of plush(tucson bars) in phoenix.unfortunately it isn't as big as plush which is its biggest downfall. they stick a whole bunch of comfy chairs in the center where there should be some empty space to stand and some high table to make it more comfortable. but when the place gets packed, the chairs make shady's the opposite of comfortable.i also find the jukebox pretty lacking for the crowd that comes. it has very little indie music made in the last 10 years and a ton of R&B and random stuff from the 60s and 70s. i usually end up just putting on the clash, buzzcocks, david bowie, new york dolls, guided by voices, new order and such every time i go because there is not much more for the indie/punk crowd that is usually there. make's me pine for the jukebox at Che's in tucson which it is similar to in terms of the types of music, but hopelessly inferior to.but overall its a great place for phoenix to hang out with friends at and warm up before going elsewhere. the mixed drinks are very strong and cheap and come in pint glass sizes. they also feature stella on tap and many other good beers. it's a really cool place as long as it doesn't get too crowded.
5	Shady's is the polar opposite of the kind of bars you will find in Scottsdale.   It's dark.  It's small.  It has no theme, no slick decor. It's kind of like the basement of your parents' house, complete with random furniture.  There is a porch for smokers. There are pool tables and a rotating Budweiser sign.  I recognize that some people will probably hate Shady's.  It is a dive bar and its lack of both polish and cache effectively filters out the typical Scottsdale bar crowd AND the Phoenix hipsters.  In other words, the crowd is generally low-key, friendly and non-pretentious.   Works for me.
4	Ahhhh, Shady's. Never a dull moment, or a dull conversation. There's always a nice mix of people here, I've met lovely Chandler garbage men and insane New Times freelance writers. Dig the Tim Biskup painting in the corner and their jukebox isn't bad, either.
4	If I had a basement, I'd want it to look EXACTLY like Shady's - from the black vinyl booths and wrap-around bar to the pool table and oh-so-nice Tim Biskup painting. One of the coolest bars in town. And usually a pretty diverse crowd, which can be somewhat of a rarity in this town unfortunately. The jukebox rocks, the bartenders are friendly and the drinks are decent enough, though I'm not a big fan of mixed drinks in pint glasses...
3	I always end up at ShadysHowever, honestly, I find the "crowd" that this bar caters too, to be snotty, pretentious hipsters.Maybe I just don't like the hipsters?I dunno, whatever.  The jukebox is nice, in that its different.  The Red Elivises are in their jukebox.. and I love them :)The drinks are neither cheap nor expensiveThe service is again, hipster and snottyHarold and Maude is usually the movie playing while I'm there.The patio seems to have shrunk since the smoking banLike I said, the snotty hipsters annoy me, but not enough to keep me outta this place :)
3	Ahhh, the politics of dive bar pool....Hi, we're locals and we rule the school. Oh and in case you were wondering, we have permanent dibs on the pool table, so don't you dare come over and try to play on our table even though we aren't even playing and yapping up chicks instead. Oh, so you already put money in huh? Well, fine we will play doubles with you....I guess, but as soon as it's our turn to play, we are gonna make you and your "outsider" friends sit there while we continue to yap it up and pretend we are unaware of who's turn it is and just for shits n giggles one of us is gonna go outside and take a phone call for 10 minutes and make you and your friends sit there and look dumb. Yeah, we rule the school y'all, so don't mess with us.Idiots.
3	"What's in a name?  That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet."Shady's with any other name would be just as shady.I met up with friends here at 10:30 on a Thursday which I didn't think was very late.  I couldn't believe the collective drunkenness of the crowd.  Immediately after parking and getting out of my car, a group of way-too-drunk guys leaving Shady's TRIED TO GET INTO MY CAR.  They had to have seen my husband and I get out of it!  We had to shoo them away from our car, and then stay outside to make sure that they were able to pull out their car (adjacent to ours) without doing any damage.  (BTW, the two cars were nowhere near similar looking).On entering, I was immediately greeted by a skeevey looking guy who was so drunk he proceeded to babble jibberish at me.  I was alarmed, since my husband had lingered outside for an extra second to watch the drunk guys drive off.  When he came in, he had to chase away Mr Jibberish.Our friends had a booth in the corner by the pool table.  See Stephy's review for their experience with that.  I sat down with my friends directly next to a guy in the booth next to ours who looked a little too much like Hitler.  The mustache, army-fatigue-style hat and jacket and boots.  Scary.  The jukebox left a little to be desired - a little too much 80's music.  Combined with the Christian Slater/Winona Ryder movie  (Heathers maybe?)  playing and the clientele, I felt stuck in a time warp.Since I had just come from a fashion show prior to meeting my friends here, I was not in the right state of mind for a good experience here.  So I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.  It looked like a cozy place to chill and they mixed a tall strong cheap drink.  I'd be willing to give it another try, after mentally preparing myself for this kind of a place.
4	Shady's is that perfect mix of all the comfort of a dive bar, but still a great crowd, good music and high energy.  I usually prefer to go early, before it's too crowded, because once it does fill up you can hardly move.  And if you were lucky enough to score a barstool, apologize to your bladder in advance and kiss smoking goodbye, because you'd be crazy to give up your seat.I officially fell in love the first time I ordered a mixed drink and got it handed to me in a pint glass, and for the same price that you'd pay for a regular size anywhere else.  Be sure to try this amazing coffee drink they make.  I think they call it "a drink to forget", but I'm sure if you just ask for the coffee drink they'll know.  It's some absurd concoction of frangelico, chocolate vodka, a couple other things all mixed with a can of starbuck's coffee.  Few things beat getting sloppy drunk and wide awake in one shot.  Justin the bartender asked me if I wanted regular coffee or low-calorie coffee, and seemed a little nonplussed when I asked him, "why, do you think I'm getting fat?" but still, service is typically attentive and polite.
5	As I walked thru the door, the bartender practically greeted me by name!  This was Saturday at 1pm, and I don't even remember ever being here before.  Have I been unconsciously living some sort of shadow life with the daydrinkers?Oh, that's right, I met the bartender before at my drinking buddy's BBQ party.  Still, it's nice to find a comfortable bar where one can relax a bit and engage in chatter with the regulars.The Men's room continues to be 5+ stars!
5	Based on the number of reviews, I'm surprised how many people have been here and formed enough of an opinion on it to register their delight or disgust around the world wide tubes.In any event, this place is IT.  It suffices for any mood that you happen to be in -- chill, raucous, moody, bouncy, happy hour, just-passing-through,  here-all-night, or last-call.Day drinking is excellent here, as you have no awareness of the time or the brutal Arizona heat.  So is last call ... strong drinks and better-than-reasonable prices to send you on your way out to drunkenly find a nearby Dunkin Donuts.  They have an interesting selection of beer, and supposedly a great bloody mary, though the time i WANTED to order one, the bartender told me not to order it.  I appreciated his capriciousness about the subject.  It was late night on Christmas Eve's Eve, so he was right after all.  The pool table is a nice fit without being insistent, and its pretty easy to get on despite some other reviewers objections.  The only thing i would change is the jukebox, and not even necessarily CHANGE it, but add some more shit, cos i can really only hear The Smiths "Half A Person" one time a night and I'm tired of that jackass who insists on "Psycho Killer" for the millionth time.
4	I love this place. It's great for the following reasons:1) super chill, laid back feel2) AWESOME jukebox3) cheap drinks!!4) you can actually have a conversation in thereSo to go in a little more detail about point number 3... my first time there, I ordered my regular at a new place, whiskey and coke. The bartender pulled out a pint glass, filled it 3/4 full with whiskey, and charged me the price that small dixie cup drink at any bar in scottsdale would run you. FANTASTIC!'nuff said.
4	A great little pub/bar in mid-town Phoenix. Very casual yet modern atmosphere. VERY busy on weekends. Nice little smoking patio out front... one pool table and one of the better stocked Jukeboxes I have ever heard. Interesting crowd!
5	Shady's is my absolute favorite bar. Completely unpretentious, a great mix of people and reasonably priced drinks. If you really want to experience Shady's at it's finest be sure to go on a weekday as the weekends are always crowded.Everyone here is friendly, including the bartenders. My one and only gripe about Shady's would be the ammount of people that just HAVE to play "Bela Lugosi's Dead" by Bauhaus over and over and over. Sure, it's the only Bauhaus song you've ever heard but it's the worst song to play at a bar. So please, stay away from the Bauhaus album in the jukebox, the regulars will thank you.
5	A Beacon in the NightWe should have known that something was amiss when my cellular device buzzed and the illuminated screen said, "the sky is broken".  Upon exiting the comfy confines of collegetown comfort the momentum and magnetic pull should have been confirmed.  But it wasn't until we stood watching horizontal rain and a sky that flickered like a worn out patio light bulb pulsating on its deathbed that the thought finally came.  Turning to my companion with what has become an apparent telltale sign of mischievous promises I cleared my throat and put for the quandary; "are you up for some more adventure?"The streets of Phoenix looked as if they had been struck a mighty blow by the scientifically classified hurricanes that I had only just recently fled.  But a hurricane in Arizona?  The thought was laughable at best and even with power deficient streets and the scattered limbs of a thousand broken trees leading the way it wasn't until we arrived that the realization dawned upon us.  City blocks in every direction were dark, street lights were nothing more than dark tendrils of metal postings marking an intersection of streets where heavy traffic should be still flowing strong at even this late hour.  The lone beacon in the night was a neon green sign beckoning us in from the storm; the calm and cool interior of Shady's called.Shady's is one part hipster heaven and one part dive bar delight.  A tiny low ceiling building welcomes all and first timers that are arriving on grape vine recommendations always sport the same look of "you mean this is it" facial contorting confusion.  There is a lone bar that even at the busiest of Friday nights is only large enough for a maximum of two bartenders to man and even then it can sometimes be cramped quarters.  There is a pool table, but if you are there during peek hours it is nearly impossible to play a proper game.  The bar is the place to be, but if this isn't your style a small line of booths horseshoe the pool table and a selection of comfy chairs are arranged in front of a fireplace that I have never seen hold more than a few candles, let alone an honest to goodness fire.  Add to this mix some of the best bartenders in the valley who will sling you any number of custom designed concoctions, old favorites and a bevy of ice cold beers in a maddening variety and you have a very choice locale in which to pine away the hot summer months.  What once was a seldom used back patio is now a hot bed of activity on any given day; you can ban smoking from bars but you will never remove the cold hard habit of a beer in one hand and a smoke in the other.  Of course no bar I will list in my top 5 favorites would be complete without a colorful cast of patrons and Shady's has never failed to deliver to me a witty conversation that I wouldn't engage or some bizarre miscreant to gawk at.The quaint interior, friendly regulars, numerous quality beers on tap and kick ass bartenders are all good but there is one key element that one and all seem needful of.  When the bartenders are too busy for small talk and the conversations lull into silence and those off times when all you want is a beer and a little bit of solace we all need something else besides our own bar mirror reflections to be distracted by.  And Shady's delivers this with a knock out blow.  Forget for a moment that the pint you are sipping could come in conjunction with a viewing of "Better off Dead" playing in subtitles on one of several TV screens over the bar.  Is it ok to stop and smile as you watch the words form in your own head and found yourself saying out loud, "never, ever feed them after midnight" along with the cast of "Gremlins".  Though if the distraction of long forgotten or just straight up good movie watching isn't your cup of tea then there is always the legendary jukebox to provide your needed distraction.If you don't like punk, you can always pick a couple of tunes from old blue eyes.  If you don't like punk and Sinatra isn't your thing, stink the place up with some James Brown funk.  I you don't like punk, can't do Sinatra, despise James Brown then you can always grab a Johnny Cash tune.  If you don't like any of these musical selections then go home you are in the wrong bar.  If you are however a fan of good punk rock than Shady's will offer up a selection of great bands and odd b-sides that will have you in Mohawk heaven. Like most popular and hipper locations Shady's is packed to the rafters on Friday and Saturday nights.  There is no kitchen, so eat before you go.  Never a cover and proper attire is never required.
4	I really enjoyed this place, even though I fully expected to not like it.  The name made me think I wouldn't like it, but damn I liked this place!  Fun atmosphere, cheap drinks, and the comfiest chair that I have sat in in a bar...I had a Jamesons and ginger ale that was monster huge and spiked well and my wife  g & t was spot on...The inside is a smidge cramped with the pool table and all, but the jukebox makes up for it....My only complaint and the reason for the 4 stars was that the jukebox didn't have enough music...It was a great variety, but not enough of it....I'll see you soon Shady and I look forward to messing around with music some more!!!!
5	I LOVE SHADY'S!!!  That's three exclamation points and five stars.  I love the jukebox.  I love team Justin.  I love Julie and Katie.  I love Erin and her love for Asta.  I love the regulars and the not-so regulars.. (except for that one guy.) I love "the drink to forget".  I love watching Evil Dead, Evil Dead II, and The Army Of Darkness then I Am Legend all in one day with a yummy cocktail in my hand.  I love how JMV can be grouchy one minute and hysterical the next.  I love the color of Detroit's eyes. Aaah Shady's... I love how it makes you feel like you are a part of a community.  I haven't felt that in a long long time.  Thank you Shady's.
2	I'll start by saying that I'm a single guy and I don't really know anyone here, but I've never had an issue with going to a bar by myself. That being said that there is a distinct clickish feel here. It's got a great atmosphere, kinda hip kinda divey. But the vibe here if you're not with a group is not the friendliest. No one's unfriendly or hostile, but I certainly didn't feel like hanging around. If I'd come with a group of people, it would probably be a different feel. But if you're on your own, I don't think you'd feel as welcome.
4	Everyone at Shady's is mean...... and I mean EVERYONE. They can all suck a fat one though because I'll  keep coming back. (as if to rub my sugar and spice in their bitter angry faces) I did come across one very cool bartender gal (the one with the Bettie bangs)....but fuck it, I'm not there for the company, I brought my own. The drinks are strong and cheap and I will agree with everyone on the music selection being pretty rad. It's pretty close to my place, it has an interesting smell, it has no windows... all good things for getting plowed mid afternoon on a Tuesday. It's just those damn patrons. The last few times I've been I've had "near altercation" experiences with some ridiculously intoxicated people (boys and girls). I was making fun of how cool they think they are in my head....it was like they could read my mind or something. Creepy....I have never seen so many people in one building try so hard to be "weird". Stop trying so hard. You are prematurely aging me with your presence. Blah.... whatever... I'll be back. One HUGE plus.... Stella on tap yoUPDATE::Okay, I was at Shady's last Sat night and last night.... and I might go back tonight. THAT is how good of a time I had. Granted, I was with one of my fav peeps.... That said,  there is no shortage of attention (and pretty young tattooed things)  and for this I am thankful.... I WUV you Shady's  *blush*UP-UPDATE:  okay... the dood at the door carded my gf and didn't card me...I'm like "WTF??"   he said (and I quote) "you're in here all the time"  nuff said!  oh ya!
4	I Like Shady's.  The Guiness is cold and sweet and the space is intimate and comfortable.  If I wasn't up at 4a.m. I'd be there more often!
4	Ever since I've been in this city and ran into a few friends from college and joined into their circle, this place has been a ritual... I don't drink anymore but back in the day I got really tore up at Shady's, strong drinks, good conversation, a good place to hang out, especially on a Sunday. Friday and Saturday get crazy and you feel claustrophobic, but the regulars are cool save for a couple of prime examples of jackasses... The bartenders are cool, though they can be a bit abrasive at times, but try doing their job on a busy weekend and see how jaded you can become, right?
3	I thought this place was kinda weird.bartender was nice though.mid-life crisis guy with balding head and bad hawaiian print shirt has to go.
5	Cool bar.  Killer tunes.Some people say it is weird.  Thankfully, that is true.It is basically a dive bar, but is freshly remodeled.  Doesn't smell like smoke and has a hipster crowd.The bathrooms are AMAZING.  Spotless, comfortable and clean as could be.  A nice touch these days.
1	If there was an option for a half star, I would choose that instead. The bartenders here suffer from low self-esteem or hate their job so much that they feel as if they have to be nasty to their customers. They forget that we are the ones paying their rent and their poor choice of wardrobe. These poor bartenders are all male and look like they hate what they do for a living. The half star would be for the one bartender that seems to be content with the way her life is going, she pours great drinks and smiles. I have been here counted times (forced) and every time I am hopeful that there is a whole new staff. Horrible service.
3	Shady's. This is a archetypal hipster Dive bar. Our Shady's days are over tho,  which a is a bit sad. There's some outstanding people / tattoo watching, a great 80s/New Wavey / Ska jukebox, and very clean bathrooms.  Best period to go is late on Friday or Saturday (big surpise) when the roller-derby girls come in after a hard nights rollin'. Beers aren't dive bar prices - only a few on tap so be prepared to shell out $4-5 for a can. On the other hand the cocktails are served in pints. It is on the small side with some armchairs arkwardly plonked between the bar and the pool table area.  Unless you have companions who go to the bar for you there's one big drawback to Shady's - and the reason we no longer frequent: - the bar staff. Surly, monosyllabic, cliquey alternisatas who badly need to get over themselves. Particularly the Costello looky-likey. You're working in a dive bar in Phoenix, fellas. You're not that special.Shady's: Come for the vibe, dance to the music, urinate in hygenic serenity, then leave without tipping. Assuming they don't just take the tip anyway.  Accidents Will Happen. So long shady ladies...
3	I'm of two minds about this place. I and my man have been going to Shady's on a somewhat regular basis pretty much since it opened. The bartenders' level of vanity is bewildering. Weezer typically chats up anyone other than the customer he's serving. His sidekick, Mr. Facial Piercings, looks at you like you just kicked him in the balls and he's waiting for the pain to register. I've yet to determine the deal with this increasingly shabby treatment. I suppose the attitude could be based on mistaken identity. Speaking of attitude, a new bouncer / ID checker / empty glass collector was hired within the last year. He is young and angry with a shaved head and looks like a live-action mug shot. He does not speak. He looks as if he's about to murder someone and gleefully dispose of the remains in a shark tank. Given his colleagues, I can see why.Removing the staff from consideration, Shady's is a cool bar. The draft beer selection isn't huge, but they do have Stella, and a number of decent imported canned beers w/ the widget. The mixed drinks, by all accounts, are quite generous. The jukebox, excellent people-watching, and continuous showing of an interesting assortment of movies on a few small TV screens (w/ subtitling) throughout the bar are other highlights.Man, I wish the bartenders weren't such self-regarding dickwads, because Shady's does have much to recommend it.
3	I heard good things about this bar from like five different people so I decided to check it out last night. We went around 9:00 so it was pretty slow still. But the Bartender informed us that it picks up around 10:30 and that the weekend are always busy. The jukebox was rad. The owner also owns TT. But the music selection here was a bit mellow. Not so much punk rock. But we were able to select the Specials, Buzzcocks, Smiths etc. Also the bar was refreshingly clean. It smelled a bit like disinfectant actually! Anyway, this is my neighborhood bar and I'll be going back.
5	Small, dark, themeless, nice drinks, lots of pretentious attitude, comfy booths, everyone stares and sizes up whomever walks in the front door and engages their coolness meter, fun patio, pool table, decent jukebox. Fun!Or...Bunch of tryhard scenesters covered in tattoos and piercings, trying to out-weird each other while swilling their PBR or whatever. OK, do I need to pick one?It's a fun place to go for a drink. This is not a Scottsdale bar. The crowd is mid 20's through mid 40's. Expect to see some goths, hipsters, rockabilly types, 80's industrial leftovers, lesbians on dates, perhaps a knife fight, people on their way home from work who stopped in to get plowed, and who knows what. I only started going here recently, but each time I've gone I've run into people whom I know from other places, which is kind of neat. I am getting the feeling that it's the kind of place I can show up and not necessarily have to bring my own company, but maybe that's just me. Other yelpers seem to think it's unfriendly. Whatevs! Maybe it's you.I brought two different first dates here recently. Later, neither turned out to be a great match for me, and neither of them really liked Shady's. There might be a correlation. I love using the word "correlation" in a dive bar review.
2	This place is cool and jukebox is great but the bartenders are all facing premature mid-life crisis. The only friendly bartender is the girl whom I wish would be there more often.
4	This is a cool, little neighborhood bar -- low key and inexpensive. Plus, they have a cab service if you live within 6 miles which will pick you up and drop off you when you're blasted! Check it out at your earliest convenience.
3	Sometimes fun neighborhood joint. Their in-house taxi mentioned in an earlier review is a pretty cool service. The bartenders can be a couple of tool-bags sometimes. I guess you have to catch them in the right mood. Grab a bucket of swill, throw some good music on in the jukebox, and everything is copacetic.
4	Shady's..sounds like most of the people who go there...which is me!!I like Shady's the only reason this place does not get 5 stars is because there are a couple of bartenders that work here that really suck. I mean this place is never that busy, even though there is usually a pretty good crowd in here on any given night, but unless you have boobs or hang out at this place on a regular you pretty much get ignored, I go here probably at least once or twice a month with friends and it is the same every time. What I like most about Shady's is I can literally stumble home through the hood on most nights of the week. Any time you don't have to drive home that is a plus. Drinks are reasonably priced here.They have a pool table.They have a patio with smoking.They have one of the coolest jukeboxes around with classic music on it, you can't find in most places.Definitely your granola grunge mix of people here...your 80's Yuppy and early 90's children of Yuppy crowd is here if that's what you like!I like Shady's I don't fit in here at all, but I like people watching and like the prices and that I can stumble home form here on any given night.
5	Resonable prices for drinks that are well poured. The one bartender with the glasses is really nice and always remember my boyfriend's name. They make the best White Russians. The jukebox always has something everyone can enjoy (might I suggest Wreeckless Eric's "Whole Wide World"?) Great for people watching. It gets crowded on Friday nights (A-DOY!) though, so if you don't like crowds or standing up when you drink, I'd avoid the peak hours. I like you, Shady's. You're a helluva dive bar.
3	shady's is totally overrated. it's always crowded and usually everyone is a pretentious prick thinking they're mingling with some Dionysian denizens. the bartenders are kind of dicks too.  once they even kicked me out for having a sleeveless shirt on, in the middle of july (wtf isn't this a dive bar?). also, it's expensive, hardly any room to sit, and hard to play pool without jamming the cue into someone.but, they do have absinthe, which is pretty good here. and probably the best jukebox in phoenix (a real one, not the video ones that all bars have these days).it looks like a ski lodge in colorado inside, or something. you kind of expect some creepy old dude to walk out with a robe and a cigar in his hand sipping scotch on the rocks, which i guess could either be totally cool, or the opposite of that. i also kind of expect to see stuffed animal heads hanging on the walls, which also isn't bad, necessarily. just weird.we try not to come here very often, but every now and then it's alright, i suppose.
4	This tends to be one of my regular haunts. The drinks are reasonably priced and they have Chimay in stock which automatically gives them a few extra points in my book. Another great reason to drop by Shady's is that there's always a decent amount of people there any night of the week. In other words, you're not going to show up and look like the jackass who likes to down a tall one with the 60 plus date-rapist who doesn't know when to quit. The thing that sets Shady's apart from other dive-esque lounges is the jukebox. It's nice to shoot a few games of pool while listening to a jukebox stocked by someone who has choice taste in music and doesn't crowd the machine with the standard Art Laboe "Best of" mix.   So, go to Shady's, relax, get tipsy, shoot some pool, and chill out to Joy Division, Bowie, New Order, or whoever is playing on that beautiful machine.
3	I don't think I'm cool enough to drink here...That's the vibe I get projected upon me every time I go there...I have had a couple of nice after work cocktails here....but once the place is packed up at prime time forget it.Maybe I shouldn't wear my classic 'Star Trek' uniform out in public any more... wtf?
5	okay i figured it was time i reviewed this joint since i have been going there steadily for 6 months. I read some of the previous reviews and I must say they are all true!!! All of them! The good and the bad once. The crowd is eclectic but can feel kind of...clique-y. The bartenders are awesome but can be dick-heads. What can i say, that's what makes it such a great bar. If you catch the barkeeps on a busy nite and get offended coz they didnt cozy up to you then this isnt your kind of place. but if u are looking for a place that is happening pretty much any day of the week...shady's is the place. Strong tall drinks, a kickass juke and great ambience rounds of the reasons it gets full billings.  Its no wonder that this is the bar of choice for a lot bartenders to hangout. I have met bartenders from Pat Murphy's, Roxy's, half moon, cock and cleaver here (yes I know them all, i am a bar connoisseur)!!
5	I don't do 4 stars but Shady's deserves it. The bartenders are dicks and refuse to talk to me. I like that! Who the hell needs to have small talk with the person serving up liquor?  Just keep the glasses off my table which they do, with attitude even! The regular crowd can be a lot of fun. But only if you like belligerent conversations about dog spiders and pool tables. Which of course I do. This place has character in the vast sea of carbon copied Pablum called Phoenix.  Shady's feels like something else. I personally love it and I hope all the rest of you DON'T GO.  We like it that way.
4	my only complaint is that it's too small and too far away from my house :)good beer, cheap martinis, pool table, friendly staffwhat more could you want?
4	Shady's is fun. It's small, unassuming and everyone dresses up in costumes.
3	i wandered into shady's one day after work.  i lived a dozen blocks farther down the road and passed it every day to work and back home.  we had just moved into the 'hood and it was august of 2007. there was a motorcycle parked in front so i thought i might not be too out of place.  i parked next to it and walked in.  i thought i'd lost my eyesight, it was so dark.  after the bright summer sun it was like i was asleep.  i loved it.  i sat at the bar and a tall, voluptuous woman showing lots of cleavage poured me a beer.  i smiled at the guy a couple seats down from me and said hello.  turned out he was the owner.  we talked about motorcycles and he told me about his other bar, tt's roadhouse, in scottsdale, just down the road from my job.  he said many of the east phoenix biker crowd hung out there.  cool.  the next time i went, i rode up with the little lady.  she and i had been out to a very cool cajun place called voodoo daddy's (since closed) up on cactus and 48th, where we had quite a few drinks.  when we got off the freeway, instead of making a right to go home, i threw caution to the wind and turned left to take her to shady's.  the door guy was an ass.  the bartender was an ass.  i thought about my first visit and wondered where the friendliness of the bartendress and the owner went.  we didn't care.  we were buzzed.  we ordered pints as my girl danced to the 80's song from the juke.  but because the bartender was such a prick, i didn't go back for almost a year.  when i did, i found that, as lorenzo wrote below, it's best to go in the afternoons.  the busty girl with bettie page bangs and an old-school tattoo on her ample chest was usually there and was always nice to me.  after my first visit, she remembered what i wanted to drink the next time.  some regulars hang out in the afternoons, too.  they weren't too hip from what i could see, just poor and looking to drink it all away.  no prob.  shady's is a good place to drink an afternoon away.
5	So what do you do on a Sunday night in Phoenix for fun?  If you're the kind of person who drives around searching for neighborhood dive bars, then sit back, get comfy, and read on.  To say that Shady's is a dive bar may not be entirely accurate.  My wife and I were coming home from dinner after a movie and decided to stop in for a quick drink.  We'd heard about the place, but had never actually stopped in before tonight.  We entered through the back door and immediately felt as if we had walked into someone's basement.  The "L" shaped bar and friendly bartender were very inviting.  Having both New Castle and Guinness on tap, I felt my Irish/English heritage come alive and I knew I was going to have a hard time not liking this place.We ordered our drinks and milled around a bit.  I noticed the fireplace with candles burning inside and thought that was a nice touch.  I was also digging the groovy teal/turquoise lounge chairs.  I wasn't able to test them for comfortability, but since they were all occupied, one would have to assume they fit the bill.  I'll have to make another trip to Shady's and test them out myself.  We did make it into the back room with the pool table and found a very comfortable, corner booth that was perfect for two.  We had a great view of the ongoing pool game and the rest of the bar.  The fact that Shady's has a jukebox that actually plays music even when no one has put money in it sealed the deal for their fifth star for me.  They have a great selection of music, including many hits from the 80's, which totally rocks for me man!  We got there around 10 pm on a Sunday night and it was fairly busy, but by the time we left, about an hour later, the place was full.  Not bad for a Sunday night in Phoenix.  I'm thinking a happy hour is in short order at Shady's.
4	I have been to Shady's a handful of times with some friends who live in the area. It has a pool table and a juke box with an eclectic mix of music. The bar is 50's retro but has all different types of people there. There is a small smoking patio in the front with some tables as well. We always have a really good time here and have met some really cool people. The bartender is a bit moody but somehow it adds to the charm of the place. This is a great place to go for good company and a low key scene.
3	Here's what I remember about last night's UYE afterparty at Shady's.Disappointment.  I don't remember much but I do know that I set a timer on my calendar to go off at 10am today and the entry was mysteriously succinct: "Blast the fuck outta shady's."So on the strength of that little memory jog I will attempt to reconstruct what it was that upset me.Ah--I remember! it was the annoyed bartender whose name rhymes with patchouli.  I must be a really annoying motherfucker (don't comment on that.  it'd be common of you to do so.) because this chick was so snooty at me and all I was doing was harmlessly drinking a beer.  Many beers.  I don't know what it is about bars on indian school and their employees who dislike drunk people but shit.Anyway, there was a pool table and the water didn't taste so offensive.  And Georgeann G was there.  Otherwise this place might well have gotten fewer stars.Oh sure, I'd go back.
4	Going for my first time tonight. I am sure it will be awesome. Meeting old friends and hoping to make new ones'. Can slam tequila with the best of them....so watch out!
2	I have been to Shady's on a handful of occasions and always seems to be the last stop. It also seems to leave a bad taste in my mouth. You ever have a place th people like to go and they drag you along and you just know you are not going to have a good time? That's Shady's for me. It always feels crowded. The smoking area is right outside and it just wafts in. There are these gray chairs that don't leave any room for legs because they are so close together. I always feel I get a hairy eyeball from the staff and other patrons. Maybe it's because I'm a douche and they hate me. Like the cantina scene in Star Wars. "We don't serve their kind here."The drinks are on the cheap side and the Stella is ice cold. Maybe it's just a case of "It's not you, it's me Shady's."
5	I'm not going to lie on this one.  I am scared to write a review on Shady's because I don't want it to change.  The charming nature of a bar that has the perfect amount of people per seat per space is one of the biggest positives of Shady's.  The people are real, open for a good conversation, and definitely friendly.  The bartenders are kind.  I haven't ordered anything difficult at this point, so I don't know their knowledge of the bar, but I do know that they pour a good Guinness, and the ice is cold for a whiskey rocks.There are a couple of reasons, that I give this spot a 5.  First, it is a great little bar to come to between 12-1 for the last stop before going home.  Big a few girls, and play some pool, listen to the Juke Box, and have a great conversation.  I also love Shady's when I don't really feel like going "out-out" and hitting up the Old Town, Tempe, or Downtown scenes.  Shady's is different.  It is unique.  And most importantly, they aren't trying to be something.  They just are what they are.  Take it or leave it.
4	Tiny inside, with about a medium-sized bar, a few lounge chairs, one pool table, and a wall lined with booths around the pool table.  The decor is hipster heaven - i mean, wood paneling??  late 70s tiled bathroom???  physical-menu jukebox (well, CDs, i mean this is 2009 for crying out loud, but still you don't see just a ton of those), and two tiny tvs????  i don't like hipsters very much, but i need me some wood paneling in my house.  and i loved the bathroom, i'm just gonna say.  it was clean!!! total win. anyway, the crowd was totally hipster-rriffic-esque, meaning it was people like me who identify w/ the hipster ethos but don't go all the way.  pretty normal-looking, in other words, chill.  re-reading those sentences, even i don't know what i mean. so i'll move on. it wasn't too packed on a thursday night, we got some songs played on the jukebox  but there was no silence, and people were shooting pool the whole time.  Actually on two separate breaks there were balls and change flying at our table, and a couple other occasions we had to make a little extra space for the players to shoot.  It's a really intimate space, unfortunately for me my female companions enjoyed the invasion more than i did.  i could have sworn that stupid cowboy was speaking w/ an aussie accent. so freaking cliche.  why don't more cute women play pool???moving on. the bartender, while totally cute, ignored me for at least 5 minutes while chatting with a patron about her hair.  i'm like, hello... i want to give you money....!  it wasn't too too bad though.  they tap Newcastle, Bud Light, and Stella Artois, and one pint of each cost me $11.50. i'm not totally sure how that breaks down but whatever, it wasn't bad.  parking: apparently they just put up no parking signs on the street adjacent to the bar, so you get to park in the neighborhood behind the place.  great.  we didn't have to walk too far tho, so it's tolerable.  all told i had a great time at shady's and it seemed like a pretty cool place, i wouldn't hesitate to go back as long as it's not too packed.  there's not really anywhere to stand up even, so any more crowded than it was on thursday and it wouldn't have been fun.
2	I'm going to have to grab a tweed sports coat and an Elvis wig from the Goodwill before I go back to Shady's.  My "modern" style of dress doesn't seem to be accepted among this "non-judgemental" group of individuals.  I've been there 2-3 times and I always feel like I came from the future and the locals cannot believe what they are seeing.  More then once I have felt like blood was about to pour from the ceiling and I was going to be swarmed by a secret society of hipster vampires as I played a game of pool on their table.The inside is very small and cluttered with far too much furniture.  The front patio is too cramped and is in serious need of expansion.  Alas, they make excellent drinks, and a relative works there, so I gave it two stars.
4	Nice little dive bar. Medium sized. Definitely has the hipster vibe to it but the jukebox, pool table, and lounging area definitely gave it a homey feel. Going back soon.
4	Dear Shady's, I miss you. I don't care if people call you a "hipster bar", or if others find your crowd "judgmental". I always had a great time with you, because I am confident in myself and don't care even if people are judging me. Fuck 'em. I love your drink selection, jukebox, bartenders, lighting, and patio looking out on glorious Indian School Rd. Hopefully one day we will be reunited again. Warm Regards, Sara
5	Ahhh Shady's...I am a little embarrassed to admit how often I frequent this gem of a place, but definitely not ashamed of how much I love it.  Cool atmosphere, just the right lighting (very important to me), great bartenders, good prices on a really nice selection (Who else has Old Raj gin or Agwa De Bolivia?).   This is definitely not a dive bar (not that there's anything wrong with that), but it's not an icey, blase Snobbsdale-ish joint either, and I've never felt ridiculed or snubbed here either by patron or bartender.  I've seen all walks of life come through this place, but never felt that it was too 'hip' or pretentious in any way. Great jukebox, obscure, forgotten movies playing on the telly, bartenders that are nice to look at (male and female), have personality and actually remember your name (and drink).  Does it get any better than this?
2	Downgrading Shady's rating based soley on how unfriendly the bartenders are.I've been coming to this place for years, and STILL the dudes behind the bar act like they have gold shooting out of their bums and like I'm totally not cool enough to talk to them.Seriously people?  You're bartenders.  The nicer you are to people, the more money you make.A-holes.
5	I know Shady's loves me!. An excellent choice of spirits, beers and smartass bartenders that are masters of hilarious attitude make this place a hit. The back room makes it a lot easier to get a seat, and the ever present rose guy that won't take no for an answer also makes this a place I enjoy frequenting. Shady's takes many of the best parts of a pretentious cocktail bar and blends it with the joys of your local pub, the result is blend that works well. It's enough to make you want to live in the neighborhood and I do, so there !!!!...I don't know what it is, but most of the time I come here I end up leaving so drunk that I'm not sure what I did the night before or how I managed to get back to my car to sleep it all off before heading home (you'll find me in various places sleeping off the effects of this place.)One thing that does irk me -  it's difficult to sit down at the bar at times. I hate walking by and realizing that there's no room. That situation, however, is how I met "No really, I'm straight, I have a boyfriend" girl who one drink later was asking for my digits. Shady's I think I'm in love w/ you.
4	Love the interior design, very intimate and new york, midcentury modern appeal. I love the idea of the bar, but most of the time its so crowded its hard to enjoy.
4	Hipster dive bar?  Whatever.  I'm proud to say I'm a yuppie and want to hang out with other college-educated individuals under the age of 50.  So, I bring my own company to this joint.  I'm here for the cheap drinks and the ability to talk to people I would never otherwise interact with.  Order the drink to forget.  If you like coffee and chocolate and you give a rat's ass about calories, this is the delicious and strong drink for you!
5	My favorite bar within 3 miles of my house! Katie makes some awesome special drinks, my favorites included her Holiday coffee she made last winter and over the summer she was making a strawberry lemonade drink that was SO YUM! The two things that originally got me hooked on this lace was the iced coffee drink & they have Strongbow (i only wish it were on tap!). I love the jukebox & rest of the staff as well - all very nice and if it's not busy easy to chat up.
5	I heart you. I don't know why it has taken me so long to write your review, frankly, I'm ashamed of myself. Anywho, I love this place. I dragged the ole ball and chain out on Saturday night for his first time here and we had an amazing evening of meeting and chitchatting.  Everytime I go I have an unforgettable time, the music selection is bomb diggity, they always have an entertaining flick showing, the bartenders are witty, snarky and personable (shout out to Rando and Justin!), great selection of booze, fun crowd of people (in general...I mean, it's impossible to keep a bit of riff-raff troublemakers out of a public bar, but the good thing is that the undesireables only show up once or twice before figuring out that they and their 'tudes aren't really all that appreciated).  All in all, a great neighborhood bar with some deliciously dive-like qualities.
3	Shady's lives up to its name.  The first time I was here I left after witnessing a knife fight and before the police helicopter arrived.
5	Shady gets five stars from me. Mostly, I loved the service. I hear so many people complain about the sarcastic bartenders...but they were nothing but sweethearts to me. They made us all kinds of fruity drinks. We were the kind of customers who said, "I don't know what I want, surprise me" and they seemed to have fun with it, and the drinks were always delicious. My favorites were the Drink to Remember and the Vulcan Mind-F*ck. It's kind of a dark and dingy bar, but there's plenty of bar space, pool tables, and a nice patio to smoke on. Out of all the bars I went to while I was in Phoenix, this was the one I felt the most comfortable at. Maybe it's because I'm Alaskan, or maybe Shady's is just that awesome.
4	As an out of town visitor I didnt think the place was bad at all. The bartenders were polite and friendly as well as all the patrons. It has a rockabilly/grunge feel to the environment.  I enjoyed the diversity of music in the jukebox as well as the beer selection. Only downside the place is extremely tiny. That always makes a place feel packed with a handful of people!
4	I'm sorry, is this supposed to be a dive bar? Shady's fails at being a dive for multiple reasons, but that shouldn't dissuade anyone from coming here.A dive bar needs to have an element of desperation and danger about it. At Shady's the only danger I discerned was in maybe parking in the wrong place and risking getting towed. Oh, and the Xavier grad sitting next to me was wearing sharp-looking jewelry on her wrists that I was afraid might have chafed me if I had gotten around to making out with her. Fortunately (or unfortunately) I didn't have a chance to find out.A dive bar needs to have at least a few maintenance problems, especially in the bathrooms. There needs to be things scrawled on the walls, phone numbers in the grout, tinges of excrement on the floor, doors off their hinges, etc. This men's room looked like it had been prepped for a photo shoot for the bathroom of the year issue of "Janitorial and Infrastructure Weekly". At a dive bar the bartenders aren't just sarcastic (and by the way, I didn't discern any biting wit behind Shady's bar) they are borderline defensive, making sure that you get a view of the billyclub beside the cash register. At Shady's the bartender snarkily asked "What can I get you?" after acerbically stating "Hi." And the crowd: Dive bars need to have at least half their customers on public relief of some kind. The remainder need to be either hookers, dealers, undercover cops, or depressed schoolteachers. Admittedly the Saturday-night crowd at Shady's looked like they might have recently faced a major life decision that left them at a serious crossroads, not quite knowing where to go from here. I had a feeling for most of them it was "Audi A4 or A6?" or "Circulon or All-Clad?". Perhaps some of them also are still haunted by having missed the big sale at Banana Republic last week.So what do you get at Shady's if not the genuine dive-bar experience? A safe-feeling, clean, comfortable place where the Guinesses are poured right, the jukebox is full of punk, ska, early alternative, and reggae (but is never too loud), a welcome absence of sports (only two small TV's and both were showing John Hughes movies), and a relaxed and upscale-looking crowd, all of whom probably think they are slumming.Ha. Ha. Ha.
4	Love Shady's.  It's a small space with an interesting crowd, excellent bartenders and liquor selection.  Check out the jukebox.  This would be my neighborhood hangout, if I lived in this part of town.
4	Shady's is awesome at one thing: getting me drunk and home cheaply. Okay, two things.Not looking to go far or try hard? Try Shady's.Don't want to drink at home alone because that makes you feel like an alcoholic? Try Shady's. Want to hear The Pixies all night long? Try Shady's. (P.S. I have no idea who The Pixies are, but everyone here LOVES them... so they must be good.) Want to have a one-night-stand? Don't try Shady's. (Try Scottsadle.)Basically, it's like getting drunk with friends in your grandparent's basement... only you don't have to clean up the mess the next morning.
5	I love living in the same neighborhood as this bar.  As a new dad, I don't get out to the bars much anymore, but I'm happy to come here when I get the chance.Owned by the one time owner of TT Roadhouse, this place is dark, clean, comfortable, not particularly divey in my book (I think of it as kinda fancy for the area).  Excellent juke box, clean bathrooms, dark as hell, and I've always had excellent service here.Solid 5.
4	Shady's is not so shady.  Yes its a dive complete with wood paneling, pool tables, juke box, pretty dark atmosphere with most of the lighting coming from neon beer signs etc.  However,  something about it is just a bit nicer than most typical 'dives'.  The crowd was fairly young and the place itself was in good shape.  Didn't have the 'used and abused' look intrinsic to many dive bars. Didn't feel the need to douse myself in hand sanitizer upon leaving the restroom.  Wasn't being checked out by guys with cowboy hats and an AARP card. Bartenders were under 40 and fairly good looking.  I just don't know if I can stomach calling Shady's a truly shady dive.  Its kind of a great combination though.... dive'esque' with some upgrades in a nice area :)Drinks were reasonably priced Chimay and Stella together were under $10, I believe.  The music was quite dreadful the night I happened to be there.  Very '80's, 90's and today' which is just not want I want to hear in a place like that.  Too kitchy for an indie hipster vibe.
4	Pretty nice bar, good beer selection n big trouble in little china playing on the tv. Nice!
4	We came here last night after dinner and it was a pretty fun little bar. The drinks were inexpensive (5$ for a Guinness and 5$ for an amaretto sour and it was strong!). They have a juke box, which is fun, and comfy chairs. This place had a nice vibe, it's like you are sitting in someone's basement. I would come back here again.
4	Determined to find a sweet joint with cheep booze, husband got to searching. We were headed to a bar in Scottsdale, but then he read about Shady's. His BFF with us had also heard about it, and wanted to check it out, so I backtracked and headed here. The lot is tiny, but manageable, with street parking. The back door wasn't marked as an entrance, so we just took a guess, and luckily we didn't look like fools. It's small, dark, and full of wood paneling. I loved it. One pool table, a jukebox, a few booths, a couch and a bar. Other patrons seemed friendly, as well as the bar tenders. $27 for 7 drinks sounds like a good deal to me. And as a bonus, the restroom was clean.
5	My go to Dive Bar by Biltmore. I avoid weekends because the smoke from the front porch billows into the bar but on a nice weeknight you can have a spot in a booth to catch up with a good friend, listen to eclectic music via the juke box and catch a random 1980s movie on the small screen over your friends shoulder. The drinks are always solid and I love the fact that they open early on weekends so you can go get a mimosa and utilize their free wifi - though I wish they offered a few food options, especially since many use Shady's as their last stop on the weekends. PS: I love that it has the "mad men" appeal of a dark bar (as if you are meeting someone and you don't want anyone to know) and a total plus? the ladies restroom is always clean.
5	My local fave spot to meet friends.  Indoor and outdoor seating-total bonus for our amazing weather!  Tavern meets pool hall/dive bar on the inside.  The MOST AMAZING jukebox you will ever have the pleasure of meeting.  Show up with your pockets loaded with quarters because you can't get enough.
4	if a hipster bar met a dive bar, this would be their offspring!good music and lots of kinds of friendly people!
3	pretty good bar, i like the interior atmosphere and decor. It's like a private lounge. You can smoke on the patio. We met the guy who did the nice metal work outside the bar. My lemon drop martini was made with fresh squeezed lemon juice. Wasn't very strong though, oh well.
5	I really do enjoy this bar.  They have a great jukebox, pool table and tasty beers/liquor.  On one of my more memorable trips to Shady's I started with and Irish coffee...not wanting to get all jacked up on caffeine, I asked if the bartender had decaf.  He looked around and reported back with a no, but had a great idea: hot chocolate with whipped cream-flavored vodka!! Helllllo!  It was effing delicious.  One downside about this joint is that I never feel hipster/rockabilly enough, but the bartenders are super chill so if you don't have side swept bangs, flannel, tons of tattoos or a big beard, don't fret...you're still welcome to join the party.
4	Shady's is NOT a dive bar, the Newsroom was...Shady's is a neighborhood bar with a good jukebox selection as has already been discussed. You might find some annoying too cool for school Phoenix wannabe hepcats but generally the clientele is completely acceptable. Having said that, I would not be caught dead here on a Saturday night. Somebody might get hurt...No, not me!
3	Been here a couple of times. If you go while its light outside (that is if you are a raging alcoholic) you cannot see a thing for about 4-5 minutes while your eyes adjust to the very dim lighting. In that time you could be beat to death with a pool stick and unable to defend yourself against your attacker and his already adjusted vision.The jukebox has some very odd selections. Due to their anemic selection I find myself playing the same music on each visit. Usually a mix of The Smiths, The Pixies, Vampire Weekend, and David Bowie. However, they DO HAVE a jukebox which is sweet! Hopefully their music taste improves because I am positive the regulars are tired of hearing "where is my mind" played on a loop.They have a decent selection of beers. The best part is they have Prescott Brewing Co in cans on ice! The place is decent and I will continue to go. Oh, and parking sucks so ride your bike. Then you can drink more at 1 in the afternoon you blind alcoholic...guilty.
5	So NOT a dive bar. More like, a swanky basement bar from the 60s. Big black pleather booths, pool table, low ceilings, and a hefty wooden bar with a formica top.I can't comment on the nightlife. I tend to wander in during the late afternoon, especially on Sundays. That's the way I like it chill, quiet, uncrowded, I get the bartender's full attention, and can rule the jukebox.Also, word to the wise, if you are a bit of a vintage cocktail geek, such as myself, make your way to Shady's - NOW. They have all the necessary ingredients, and -- depending on who's behind the bar -- expertise needed to craft the obscure old cocktail of your choice.Seriously, housemade grenadine and simple syrup, Aperol, Lillet Blanc, Maraschino; you name it, they have it. Cheers!
5	One of the best jukeboxes in the valley and a perpetually cool crowd of interesting characters. Love my local watering hole!
5	I'm a Portlander, and of every single place in Phoenix, nowhere feels more like Portland than Shady's.This is good and bad. Come in on a weeknight, and it's like the PDX dives we used to hit in the early '00s, except everyone just kept aging and drinking. As I was texting this to my friend the other day, I followed it up with, "I mean, 'Amelie' is playing on the TVs right now. 'Amelie'." Another downside: the beer selection, while it's gotten better in my four years here, still kind of sucks. Then again, if they had 12 taps and a bunch of imperial IPAs and stouts, it wouldn't be Shady's, would it?And yet, as I said before, it feels like home. It's only a few blocks away, and I love it.
5	A great bar!  Great drinks - a killer juke box - cool people. Let me put it to you this way... this place is divey enough where you could easily strike up a conversation about Charles Bukowski but not divey enough that Charles Bukowski would actually drink here. Hi Five Shady's!
4	I do love Shady's but i refuse to pay $14 for a martini in a CenPho bar, or anywhere for that matter. 4 stars fotr the Juke Box
4	Very impressed by Shady's. Really enjoyed the atmosphere here. Reminds me of an old school neighborhood bar in Chicago. The bar has a good selection of beers. The bartenders can make a pretty good craft cocktail also. There's no cocktail menu per se , just let the bartender know what you're interested in and let them take it from there. They show old school movies on their TV and have a pretty nice selection of music in the juke box. Definitely one of the better places I got to visit while in Phoenix.
4	Shady's is a nice corner bar without the old drunk guys.  I enjoy a place like this with a more artsy crowd.  The variety of jukebox music helps to add to the atmosphere. The only negative for me is that the lights are down a little too low.
4	I personally dig this bar.  Cool crew, sweet little setup, good pricing.  Been there a few times with my friends who live in the area and really enjoyed it.  I'd be more of a regular if I lived closer.
5	Easily my favorite place to sling back some late night cocktails in the entire Phoenix-Mesa-Glendale Metropolitan Statistical Area.I like the staff, and they seem to tolerate me at just about all Defcon levels of toxicity and still welcome me the next time without grudges -- yet.While I don't usually get very adventurous with my drink, I have to say, they make an excellent Old Fashioned -- and I seem to remember enjoying a really good Hot Tottie during the holidays.If frozen margaritas are what you are looking for, don't even bother showing up -- I don't think they have a blender.It's never empty, usually filled with interesting looking and sounding people, and thankfully, they usually pick out good tunes on the jukebox for me.
4	It's just fun and I'll be back ! Very chill.
4	About to go run amuck in the city, just didn't know where to go, a friend and I wanted good times, cheap drinks and to flirt with boys! Got out my Yelp app and put in dive bars in current location and it pulled up Shady's, oh with a name like that you know I wanted to check it out! So off we went! When we pulled up to Shady's we noticed right off the bat, no parking, had to park on Side Street but that was ok.Got into Shady's and I have to say, it's a nice swanky bar, not really a dive bar by my definition, more artsy then dive-y if that makes since to ya, but a nice little find,  I would call it more of a jazz bar, if only they had jazz/blues playing and I dig that too!Bartenders & customers were friendly and upbeat, the booths are killer, loved the high back leather booths, great looking jukebox too!  Drinks were awesome as well!  Yep I'll be back!
5	I wear my sunglasses at night!Think that's what I'll do next time I show up!  Minus the lenses so I can actually see haha! I totally dig Shady's!  The name is not literal.  A lot of hip and friendly young people around, and not that pretentious Jersey Shore - yo bro I'm like totally awesome and I'll get that girls number across that "baa".  You go do that --- In any case Shady's doesn't have any windows.  There's a pool table, fireplace, jukebox, and several comfortable couches; what can you ask for in a bar?If you don't know I'm part of an AA group (Affordable Alcohol) - Shady's definitely has affordable alcohol!  8 drinks = $50 total, that's cheap in my opinion.  Usually, I've paid at least $10 a glass for the stuff we were drinking. - Enjoy!
4	Great quaint neighborhood and good drink prices! I love the ambiance, will be back soon.
5	great jukebox, great staff and always a friendly enviroment. They can turn a well shot into the most amazing drink you can imagine, just have to ask nicely =) I love to play pool and luckily for me the table is usually open and if not a quarter on the table usually sends the players back to the bar. For sure my favorite bar in phoenix.
4	fun place just wish it had karaoke :)
5	This a great bar! It has a good vibe, crowd, and jukebox. I like to come here during my visits to Phoenix on any night of the week. The staff is pretty cool too. My best friend and I have been coming here since they opened. They deserve the awesome business that they always seem to have. 3 cheers for Shady's!
5	Good prices and cool bartenders watching good films.
2	What can I say? Live close to there and been there numerous times and last night both bartenders were so rude. This particular bartender was a shorter white guy wearing black frame glasses. We were taking some time (after we ordered shots) to decide what we wanted to drink and the bartender told us in the crappiest tone to hurry up that he had other people to help. Looking around, there wasn't anyone urgently needing a drink. After responding to his comment that no one was asking him to stay there while we decided, his attitude got worse. Not sure if he was having a really bad night but damn, so rude! Needless to say, no one ordered another drink and we left shortly after. What an absolute jerk. If he was my employee and talked to customers the way he talked to us, with the bonus attitude (out of no where) he wouldn't be a bartender there anymore. Other times, bartenders have been awesome. This guy was a total ass.
5	A quality drink should take a bit longer than 10 seconds to create.  The humble bar staff take their art seriously and their talents become fully evident upon the first sip of your perfectly executed libation.  These are real-deal bartenders capable of both perfectly executing the classics and experimentation.A sampling of the jukebox: Siouxsie and the Banshees, LCD Soundsystem, Otis Redding, Bowie. Quality drinks, great music, non-pretentious non-brodawg crowd.  What other bars in Phoenix can you say this about?
4	Very cool small bar with a very cool juke box.Good drinksGood peopleGood vibeGo
4	A lot of fun! Relaxing atmosphere, friendly bar tenders,GREAT DRINKS, and decent clientele considering the area! Definitely hoping back.
5	I love Shady's! I'm not sure why I don't come here more often. It's a small bar with super nice bartenders and patrons. Good beer is on tap and they offer reasonably priced cocktails. Very relaxing spot to grab a drink.
4	I always forget about Shady's because it's a little far from my house, but every time I go I'm reminded how much I like it! Drink prices are amazing... You're definitely not in Scottsdale anymore! I got a martini on the rocks and a shot for $11. Can't beat it. This isn't your typical Bud Light, vodka/soda type bar. I'm not a big beer drinker but I noticed they have a good selection of unique beers on tap. And the bartender made me my version of a French 75 (standard recipe + a float of Chamboard, it's delicious, try it) without any huff and puff. Shady's also has a pool table, juke box with nice eclectic selection, and smoking patio. Wee!
4	You can not beat the prices of Shady's.  They're so low I'm sure the it somehow correlates to their name.I think I need to readjust my definition of a dive bar.  I had heard this was little bit of a dive bar but I didn't see it.  It's very cozy and a great lounge bar.  I'll be going back again for sure.
5	I'm not a bar person -- i'd honestly rather sit at home and drink a beer with dinner (maybe two if I'm feeling luxurious). It's not only cheaper, but I don't have to worry about how I'm going to get home when I'm feeling even the slightest buzz.Shady's has shown me a new path. I get it now. The beer selection is incredible, the atmosphere is only moderately hipster, and there's always something interesting playing on the TV. (While we were there, we managed to catch most of Hellevator and the beginning of Gingerdead Man 3. Awesome.)Shady's knows that people who aren't bros need a place to grab a brew. The owners understand that neighborhood pubs should attract the kind of people you can spend more than a few minutes around without wanting to run into traffic.Do two beers cost about the same as a six-pack, which usually takes me about a week to finish? Sure. But the place is cool enough to make me ignore that fact.
5	I might be in love.  This place may have just blown my last crush away!  I had driven by this rather nondescript place a million times thinking, "I really need to stop in there and check it out".  I also had a fellow, respected cocktail-connoisseur tell me I had to go here for the amazing cocktails and ambiance...that was over a year ago.  So I finally mosied in on a Thursday night and was IMPRESSED.  Shady's has great tunes coming out of the jukebox, great bartenders that made fantastic beverages, and quite a friendly cool crowd.  For all the beer people they also have a good variety of beers.  Oh and did I mention it is INEXPENSIVE!  I thought they screwed something up when the bill arrived because it was so FREAKING cheap.  I went back Friday and Saturday just to confirm:  Shady's is indeed AWESOME.
5	My boyfriend loves this place as long as a certain guy is working (I don't know his name) but apparently he makes THE BEST old fashioned or Manhattans or most likely both. They play stuff off of netflix on the TVs usually pretty old movies.  Their jukebox selection is way old school which is nice sometimes when you want to just relax and take it easy. This is a great place for people who don't want lots of comotion as it usually tends to be quite slow during the week but enough people to obviously keep them in business. I have heard there is a lot more people on fridays and saturdays which would make sense.
4	I like this dive bar, mostly for the incredibly old school juke box. It's as cool as the other Yelpers have described. Shady's is small, but there's a good mix of people, all of whom appeared to agree to leave egos and attitudes at the door - the patrons are cool and in the mindset of chill fun. Bring cash, but don't worry - the prices are so cheap, you'd think you were looking forward to an upcoming date in which you would get to party like it's 1999.
4	Quiet little place with an awesome eclectic jukebox, friendly service, and a pool table to boot. I could do without the creepy movie overhead, but that's just me. Retro cocktails were divine as well. I can definitely recommend you to all my pals. Enjoy!
5	I really liked this place.The bartender was real chill, the patrons were damn friendly, and the drinks were made with what seemed to be a hint of love. hahaJuke box, as everyone else mentions, was a great. Lots of good stuff there.
4	For folks who like to cocktail, this place is awesome.  Everyone talks about how great the juke box is, how there are good movies playing in the background, how sometimes a food truck is located conveniently in the parking lot.  I write because the bartenders are awesome.  These are guys who make their own mix for Tom and Jerry's.  They will make a hot buttered rum from scratch.  They pour a mean Manhatten and something called a flying squirrel that will sneak up behind you with an order of protection.  In short, this place is heaven and hopefully not too many places rush over there displacing my place at the bar.
5	My favorite Phoenix Bar. Great drinks and the staff are wonderful. They take making great drinks and providing a relaxing atmosphere seriously.
5	Great drinks, Great Jukebox, Great decor. Not much more has to be said but I'll throw a little in there. Free pool during the day on Sundays is a nice bonus and the previously mentioned decor is dark with lots of wood and some tuck and roll booths. That and the great bar tending staff make me feel like I'm back home at a bar in New England and not the hot dusty desert.Always a very enjoyable experience. Highly recommended.
4	This update is LONG overdue and I love it when I get to up my rating. Long story short, where else in The Valley can you get expertly crafted cocktails and eclectic beers for such great prices?The bartenders here seriously turn out some AMAZING concoctions worthy of high end bars in Manhattan at a quarter of the price. The atmosphere and juke box remain highlights and in addition to their formidable skills, most of the bartenders here are great people persons who can carry on a good entertaining conversation while mixing their delightful potions. I'm so glad I rediscovered Shady's but truth be told, I'm in there so much the bartenders are probably getting sick of my ugly mug. What can i say, at least the lighting is low.
4	Came here with friends. The prices were cheap. I had quite a few shots and a few beers and it came out to be less than $50. They have a pretty good selection. My particular drink was a cider and they had a few choices but nothing on draft, which was fine.The ambiance of the place was mellow, and it had a pool table. There are a few table seats, a few bar seats, and a few booth seats. There's a empty fireplace that they placed in candles. It's been getting a little chilly around Phoenix for the past few nights and the inside was warm. There's a small, enclosed smoking patio out front with seats. The parking was decent. I parked on the street but there's a decent enough parking lot for the amount of people that could fit inside the bar. Place actually wasn't that big so I don't imagine too many people could be inside. However, it's cozy and the people there are very social. The people that were there did seem casual, hipsterish, and the over all place was a dive bar. Overall, I did like it and would go there again with friends or by myself.
5	I had driven by Shady's a number of times without stopping, but always thinking "that place looks like a good time". I met some friends out for drinks and they mentioned they had been to here and loved it, so we made it a point to meet there a couple weeks ago. This place is awesome. It's got an old school vibe, but is still casual and unpretentious. They have a great liquor selection and the bartenders can make a fantastic cocktail. As others have mentioned, the prices can't be beat. It's a great place to stop for a drink or stay for the night.
5	One of the very best in phoenix! The bartenders are professional and so friendly. Love coming here during the day when it's empty... And the music on the jukebox is amazing. A little expensive but it's worth it!
4	Overdue review! I'm sorry! But a good one!A fella brought me here a while back with the promise of "This is a great dive bar!"Right. You want to bring ME to a DIVE Bar? Weeks into knowing me. Maybe week two? Anyway, I'm glad he did. This place is great! I tell everyone about it. Sure, the parking situation is a stretch, where you're often on a side street. And yes, the outside makes you think you're entering an old man bar. (There isn't much to see from the front. Just the sign and dark windows.)Walking in I exhaled a sigh of relief. This is not a dive bar. This is a laid back place. On the small side, where you can relax. Nothing pretentious with a mock fireplace, pool table and juke box. There couches facing the fireplace are perfect for intimate conversations. The overall volume of the bar side is suited for talking as well. I was stoked to see how many different beers were on tab. However, as my fella was the one picking up the drinks I can't speak to what exactly is carried. Except that I liked everything I drank. (But then again, I've never met a beer I did not like :)The other neat thing I noted about the pool table area was the diversity of ages. This is a place you can bring your family when they're in town. It's not a dirty, gross bar where Mom will run screaming to the car. It's ok for Dad to hang out and play pool, while wearing his uber cool tennis visor. No one cares. Hipsters, people right off from work, parents, overdressed Irene, everyone, fine. This was a great place for a date.And beer!
2	Total dive which is awesome  good drink specials. . However they allow doucebag behavior which is a big turn-off. Good drink specials don't forgive the bad behavior. I can get a get a 4.00 drink anywhere.
5	$5 draftsRadical staffSuper chill spot, a "fancy" diveI'm new to the valley, a tucson native & sf transplant, and I was worried there weren't any rad dives here. I was wrong for sure. I was a regular at Che's lounge and I've finally found my replacement; feels good to be home.
1	I'm sad to post a bad review because I've always heard it's a local favorite... Stopped in on Christmas night as it was one of the only open bars and I was excited to finally try it. My boyfriend and I walked in and were immediately impressed at the display and craft cocktails that were being made... My mind was made up as soon as I saw the bourbon soaked cherries... An old fashion was gonna hit the spot! There were about 15 people there... We snagged 2 chairs right at the bar and waited patiently as there was 1 bartender and he was concocting all kinds of time consuming cocktails... And we waitedAnd waited Even for a greeting? A nod? A simple contact of eye? Nope. ... Other guests were approached and and served before they were even finished with their current drinks. Ok... I'm gonna let this bartender pass me one more time before I get up and leave. And he did. Twice ... Unfortunately.... My boyfriend and I are both bartenders.... We pay for service, we drink because we love booze. This guy left us unimpressed, and ... Unnoticed... He also left himself without the $200 we ended up spending at Cj talleys and bar 1... Where we were acknowledged, served, and ... Well treated like human beings. I wish I could rate the bartender instead of the establishment... But... This will have to do.
5	I use Yelp A LOT .... but I never really leave reviews.  I had to leave Shady's a review since they made all my future trips to Phoenix so much better.Been out in Phoenix from LA on a business trip and have been trying to find a bar that actually knows how to make a cocktail .... No luck on any of my trips out here ... And then I came across Shady's.All I wanted was a well made Old Fashioned. After having no luck anywhere I tried, I came to Shady's. For someone who has had every possible version of a butchered Old Fashioned, the second I saw the bartender begin to make the drink, I knew I had found the right place. On top of making an excellent drink .... super nice workers and amazing prices for the drinks (relatively speaking I guess .... LA) If you want a properly made drink and a place to just enjoy that drink, this is the place for you.  FYI: to any bartenders who may happen to read this ..... There shouldn't be any slices of fruit in an Old Fashioned!
3	I met a few friends here for happy hour on a weekday night. The bar itself is nice. There are quite a few cool spots to sit and chat including a great spot near a fireplace (candles for the fire) with comfy seats. It was casual and easy. The drinks were great and the music was fun. This is definitely a casual place perfect for meeting friends. There wasn't a whole lot of group mixing (which is fine) so don't come here with the intent of meeting your beloved.The only beef I have with this place is the parking situation. I think there are about 5 places to park in the mini parking lot and parking on the street is restricted to certain times of day. If possible, carpool so you don't have to fight for a spot.
4	Shady's is a great little neighborhood dive.  The people are friendly and the bartenders too.  Nice place to get together with friends for a few drinks.  Great price on Session lager :-)
5	I have said previously that OBR might be my favorite bar in Phoenix, but this is now my true fave. It's small, it's not full of TVs, and I want to steal the jukebox.Not exactly a place I would recommend for drinking cheap beer- although you can do that here- this is where you should go for an excellently made drink like a tall Moscow Mule or an Old Fashioned while you engage in some friendly or romantic conversation or chill the f*ck out. There's swanky banquette seating near the pool tables, a small outdoor patio and comfy bar stools. The real draw here is the attention to detail with which the drinks are made for you. I wish I lived closer.
1	Not a good experience. Staff could care less about you as a client. Came in with a large group, one person didn't have a ID, even though was clearly over 21. No problem, we decide to leave, one of the people in our group says BS under his breath and some punk bouncer jumps in his face. Just a poor way to run a business, will be surprised if still in business  by the end of the year. Very poor customer service.
5	Shady's is a classic. Best jukebox in town. Guaranteed you'll never hear shitty music here. Their drinks are cheap and strong and I always run into a friend or two. Love this spot.
4	Tip: you can bring your own food to Shady's since they don't serve any. But don't be a poop face - make sure to take your trash with you when you leave. The bartenders are pretty great and the drinks are even better. That said, you should never go on a Thursday. I do not need it to be all crowded when I go for happy hour.
3	I've heard about Shady's for years, and kept thinking it would be some dirty, gritty dive bar. It's more like being invited into an affluent friend's condo. It's small, stylish, and one of the cleanest places I've ever seen. The beer selection is small, but solid. I approve of that German Hefeweizen...Weisensomething...that they carry. It was a little on the warm side for me, but a brew I don't see every day at a fair price. They also had some hard-to-find ciders in there. Very limited supply of the rare stuff, so get it while it lasts. They've got a cocktail menu as well, and when I asked for something with citrus, was recommended an item that tasted like an orange popsicle. I couldn't taste the alcohol, but it totes hit me about 15 minutes later. The patio is where most of the socializing happens, even if it is tiny...and out in the front. Even on a slower Wednesday night, there was a decent amount of people, but I have absolutely no clue how Shady's could function on a bustling Friday night. It's cramped! I still like it though, it just doesn't have anything unique that jumps out at me to demand a return.
5	My wife love this bar so much we got married in it; true story. We often times meet friends and loved ones just by saying, "we'll meet you at the bar".Very quaint and relaxed, it is not a good place for say...a giant wedding party to try and sneak in an obviously underage person into as the staff will throw you all out, the cops will be called and your night will be utterly ruined by a cop wearing a Rick Grimes hat; also a true story.This place is pretty cool; it fills up with posers on most Friday and Saturday nights so to truly experience the place try and off night just remember not to DB the place up or lest you feel the wrath of the angriest bartenders in the world; also a true story.On a closing note, I actually invented the Tesla Coil and used it to time travel; true story ask anyone at Shady's. They know the score.
1	Worst place every. I asked for a recommendation from the bartender and he seriously was so rude about it.
4	A little gem, a tiny place but fun and a good atmosphere. Reasonable prices for drinks and a friendly staff. They have a jukebox and often have bizarre movies playing on several different tvs. There is an outdoor patio as well. A great neighborhood bar.
4	We stopped by yesterday for a drink on the recommendation of a friend.  This place doesn't look like much of anything from the outside, but it's a great hangout to escape the hot Phoenix summers for sure!  Really dark and cozy atmosphere with friendly bartenders and reasonably priced drinks...what's not to like?
4	Nice neighborhood haunt with a great jukebox. They don't serve food but have an EXTENSIVE (its actually held inside a large accordion folder) delivery menu. Can't wait till it cools off a bit. I'm excited to hangout on the front patio
4	Nice neighborhood bar with a classy meets speakeasy vibe. Think the film Swingers. Good place to go during the week or to kick off the weekend.
5	Cheap drinks, tasty bitters, nice bartenders, a sweet jukebox, dark, leather couches, old movies, and billiards....what more can you ask for?!
1	People keep referring to this place as a dive bar that offers cheap drinks and friendly service. This is no dive bar. An establishment simply isn't a dive bar unless it smells of urine and wet carpet. A pretentious slice of hipster-douche heaven? Yes. But a dive bar? No. Now let me move along to the "cheap" drinks. Yes, the drinks are in fact cheap--if by cheap you mean $5.50 Stella drafts and $17 manhattans. Lastly I will address the "friendly' service. Yeah, the balding dwarfs behind the bar are friendly if your idea of friendly is communicating with patrons without eye contact, after allowing them to sit at your bar for ten minutes before even acknowledging they exist. Have fun.
4	Cool little bar that does classic cocktails.  It has style that would fit into an old school Scorsese film.  It's not too loud, and is great to have a quiet drink with a friend or two, but likely too small for big groups.
5	This is my all time favorite bar. It was the first one I went to the midnight of my 21st birthday and I haven't left. The bartenders are fantastic people, the jukebox is awesome and the drinks are very well priced.
4	I really like Shadys for its divey, den-like vibes. I love its low lighting, I love its wood paneling, I love its weird B movies always playing on the tv. But what I really, really love about Shadys is their Old Fashioned. In my book, it is hands down the best old fashioned in all of Phoenix. Big ice cube, perfect mix of bourbon and bitters, and a nice orange peel to set it off. It's just so dang good. They have a nice pool table that's always rocking and big cozy booths around it, plus a little more seating by the bar. I wish they would update the low couches because it's like trying to sit in and stand up from a deep dish pizza, but I digress. Shadys is a great local bar with really good drinks. Give it a try!
