4	I went here last night and it was a pretty fun time. I went with a bunch of friends at around 9 oclock and it was busy all the way until we left at around 1 am. This place is huge! It is in a good location (close to my house) and has plenty of parking. It is a really big bar with a dance floor and a bunch of pool tables. My party of 7 easily got a table, despite it being busy, due to this place being really big. They had a mardi gras party last night that was pretty fun. All the servers were dressed up and they had a free king cake and gave away prizes for people that found the babies in the cake. They had great drink specials, 3$ long islands, hurricanes, and you call its. The first hurricane I got was really good... just enough alcohol to where it still tastes good. The second was terrible.... tasted like cheap rum.... way too much alcohol (and maybe i'm the only person in the world that would complain about that but... yuck). Some people got some food and said it was not so good. They got chicken skewers, queso dip, and an appetizer sampler. I would say that this place is not really a place to eat.... The music was pretty good, a mix of country with line dancing and whatnot and hip hop with regular club like dancing. I thought the place was fun and I would definitely go back.... just not for food.
4	I am basing my review on everything but the food. I met a few friends there for March Madness. The place is huge! Definitely the largest Sports bar in the area. They have pool tables, shuffleboard, darts. Lots of T.V.'s. The waitress gave my friends coupons for the wings they ordered, which ended up being free. I thought that was nice. After we gave her a  generous tip (which she deserved for giving the coupon), she came back up to our table after taking our tab and thanked us again. Those little things are great for customer service. We will definitely try Cactus Moon again!
2	I have been here twice and had 2 different experiences. The first time we liked what the menu looked like so we had lunch here.  Food was good, standard bar food so nothing overly special but good. Service was decent, it was not busy so we were checked on regularly.  We found out they have the UFC fights so we wanted to go here to watch them. Fight night; we show up and it is $10 per person! What!?! Every other place in EV only charges $5/pp. We were already there and they were just about to start so we stayed. Next our waitress informs us that she needs a credit card or id as a security for the table. What?!? We are a 40 something couple, you think we are going to dine-and-dash...really. After a bit of discussion, I reluctantly give up my card. Then the fights start but because it is March Madness, not all the TV's are turned to the fight as they said they would be. So I have to crank my neck in order to watch them, even after the game ended they still did not turn the tv's. The food again was ok and service was good so we will go back for food but not to watch a fight, I will stick with Old Chicago or Tilted Kilt for my UFC viewing.
5	This place has some great music, awesome buffalo wings and excellent drinks - cheap! I have never had drinks made so well and been so inexpensive. The staff is awesome and this place is great. They have a full dance floor, plenty of pool tables and good times all the way around. Check it out!
1	Ok, I gave this place THREE chances.  I am not very judgemental on restaurants because I am a former server and I tend to look on the bright side.  However, I HAVE to comment on this place.  The first time I went, it was for the Bears game.  They had just opened and hadn't even had their "grand opening".  Service sucked, but we gave them the benifit of the doubt because they JUST opened.  Second time I went was after a Cubs spring training game where they were being advertised a lot.  We actually had to ask the manager for service.  Then we were not taken care of at all after that, probably because she was embarased. Third and final time was for a final four March Madness game.  Once again we had to ask the manager for service!! Each time I was there we waited at least 20-30 minutes before someone served us, and that was only because we asked.  Then once we were served, the service sucked!!  Each time I was there, it wasn't very crowded, yet the service was so slow!  The food wasn't very good because it was sitting at the window so long, it was turning cold.  To top it off...the waitress got my brother to order a big brownie thing with ice cream and the brownie was cold!!! Nice try Cactus Moon...you could have been a great place to watch games, but you loose!!!  Train your waiters/waitresses better PLEASE!!
2	first time here and was an "ish" experience... the bartenders were just standing around not doing a whole lot when i came in, so i sat at the bar... it then took aprox 5-10 minutes before one of them walked over to ask what i wanted... once i got my beer my friends got there so we grabbed a table... our waitress was great, no issues there... after a while i walk by the bar and decided to get a couple of shots and again it took too long for a bartender to even recognize i was there... its just not acceptable! maybe if i had a set of double D'd i'd get served faster.........
3	I went here at 8PM alone to watch the Coyotes last regular season game of 2011 - I'm a huge fan. I ordered wings, and they were really really good. Better than Zips, which is my go-to place for wings. The Bleu Cheese Dressing could be a little better, but eh, whatever.The server was delightful and quick, especially considering how busy it was.After 10, the place gets a little too bump and grind for me, with loud hip hop music and obnoxious fraternity and sorority people. I'll go back, a little earlier in the evening, for some awesome wings.
1	If I wasn't dragged here on an assignment, you can more than believe I wouldn't be seen within a mile of the place..... literally. I loved the girl in pajamas who tried hitting on us. I also loved the mean mugging Indian chick who called me a pretty boy because I was wearing a button up shirt. Her missing teeth were real attractive. The drinks were sugar heavy visions of diabetes in the future, I think my legs went numb before I left! Sadly, if you could take everything that stereotypes Mesa into one room and add a dash of homelessness, this was it. I will scratch my eyes out before I ever go there again!
3	I've been to this place a few times now, and I think its A-Ok.  I like coming here for a variety of reasons, as its a fun place to hang out at for just about anyone.Its a sports bar, with lots of TV's hanging from the walls, waitresses dressed nicely, a bar and an outside patio.  They have plenty of pool tables you can rent by the hour for $6, which is awesome! Plus, since they have so many tables, its not like you have to wait for anyone to finish thier game to get in a game yourself.The food here is medicore..I mean, they have a decent menu, but the food isn't going to blow your mind away.  Typical bar food, like nachos, wings, sliders and all that stuff. I like it here because even with all the TVs, dart boards and pool tables, you can have a conversation and not be drowned out by noise.They usually have decent drink specials and a full bar, so thats pretty darn cool.  Service is quick and efficent, so no worries there.  I will be back in the future for more, trust me!
4	I am obsessed about whether or not I can ride my bike to go hang out with friends. This is my "hop on the bike and go" place. There's pool tables, delectable wings and pulled pork sandwiches, and a billion TV's. My favorite bartender is Nikki.Friday nights at Riverview is Bike Night and Cactus Moon is in the middle of it all. Have a drink on their patio while listening to live music and admiring motorcycles, or drive your own and put it on display.You can bring your kids if you like, but realize Friday nights are Ladies Night, so leave the kiddos home on that night. I love this place to watch sports and meet up with friends.
1	I fail to see any redeeming value in this place, which sucks, because it's super close to my house and I would love to have a kick-ass sports bar within 1/2 a mile.because i don't want to write a novel, I'll do this in bullet-point;  - Waited 5-10 minutes to be seated, and they were not even half full.   - Waited another 20 minutes to see a server  - No pitchers of beer. Even though they're a sports bar. Wha????  - Took so long to bring drinks / take our order, my brother went up to the bar himself, got a beer, and was halfway through it at our table before the waitress returned with our original drink order.  - Food was gross. Buns for sliders half-stale. "Buffalo chicken" looked like it was a flat, frozen Tyson pattie. Sweet Potato fries were obviously from frozen as well; no taste, crunchy on the outside, and way too gooey on the inside. I couldn't even eat 3. And i love sweet potato anything.   - got a mixed drink at the bar after our meal, and it was ridiculously weak. And we ordered top-shelf, so it wasn't cheap. My Sapphire & Tonic was basically tonic with a lime... for like $7. Bottom line? Avoid. Run far, far away and don't waste your time or money.
4	Pretty cool place. Bar, pool and Foosball and dancing for the ladies. The price was a little expensive but it was nice playing pool with my buddies while the girls were off dancing across the room. I would go again for sure.
1	Can you say ghetto?  In grad school, my friends and I went to the Cactus Moon on Tucson all the time.  It was a great mix of upbeat country music and the latest fun dance tune and a little hip hop.The Mesa crowd is thuggish and rough.  The back of the bar has games, foozeball tables, pool tables and lots of tvs.  Tvs are everywhere.The drinks are reasonably priced.  No one dances at all during the country songs (I think those that like country should just go to Tobey Keith's which is right next door).  When hip hop was finally played, the dance floor was pretty crowded.  The place is kept a bit on the warm side, and all was good until literally a fight broke out.  Not just any ol little fight, but a beer bottle throwing (there was so much glass one of my girlfriend's had her legs totallly cut up), chair/stair throwing melee.  I have never ever seen so many people want to jump in on a fight.  The police were called and the entire bar was evacuated.  Ridiculous.  There is nothing redeeming about this place.  Save yourself the experience and go to Scottsdale.  (Never thought I'd say that in a million years, but seriously skip this place!!!)
2	There is nothing really great about this place.... The only reason i give 2 stars is because it's huge, which makes it a great place to watch multiple games! We went there for the fight (no cover) there must have been 7-10 bartenders working however my boyfriend and I were still ignored. We had to ask to order food drinks ect... Some of the bartenders were obviously beginners and seemed to lack training... Unfortunately I'll probably be back for football season, but I'm not going to beg to spend money. There are better quality places closer to my house.
4	I have been to Cactus Moon a few times, and it is now time to rate it.  Cactus Moon is definitely one of the biggest Sports Bars I have been to size wise.  Even though its a Sports Bar, it has a dive bar type of feel to it as well.  Cactus Moon is quite popular on Bike Night, which is Friday nights.  Half of the bar is setup with some bar tables near TVs to watch games.  This section late at night kind of turns into a mini dance floor, which is cool if you want to get your groove on.  The middle of the area is a large bar, and the wait time is very reasonable with bar attendants very attentive to their customers.  Lastly, you have a myriad of pool tables on the second half of the bar.  Basically, you can definitely find something fun to do here between watching sports games, dancing, drinking, or shooting some pool.
1	Can you say DER !!!! I went to this place for the first time on Friday with some friends from work. A word of advice "Dont hit on the waitresses" or someones jealous boyfriend that works there will have you escorted out. Seriously!!  I wont return to this place merely on the fact that if you cant have some harmless bantor with the staff whats the point. Only your tips suffer. There are plenty of other places to spend my money.
3	I have been here on three occasions so far, two to slam a few and once to eat and play pool. During happy hour they have the pool table for $6/hour, appetizers for $5/$6, and $2 domestic pints. I don't really care for their appetizer deals however. Oh yes, one can get a dozen of wings for $6 bucks I believe during HH as well. I did enjoy their chicken club sandwich, the bun was fluffy and not dense like some buns I hate. Waffle fries are pretty good too. As for the crowd, it was older than your average college crowd. (ASU is only like 4 miles away). It's an ok place, I'll only be back if I'm being dragged and someone else is paying.
2	I give them a second star only for the service. Our server was pretty attentive and did a nice job. The food was just THAT bad. We got the nachos, wings, and a sandwich. So awful. I am sure for beer and pool it would have been perfect, but do NOT order from the kitchen.Nachos: Cold chips, topped with cold shredded lettuce and a few tomatoes. Then, on the side in small cold ramekins are canned nacho cheese, canned chili, decent salsa, and some sour cream. A pile of cold chips, with some small side cups of bad toppings. Gross. $10 I would have loved to spend somewhere else.Wings: I got the second-hottest flavor and my lady got the honey BBQ which was mild. I couldn't tell the difference between the two. And they came out COLD. It is pretty hard to screw up wings. You fry them, you sauce them, and you throw them on the grill to char em up a bit. But cold, not spice wings? Come on.Club Sandwhich: Cold white bread, with cold turkey and cold bacon. Get my point? Cold, cold, cold. And no flavor. Honestly tasted like someone took packaged lunch meat, some WonderBread, and a few pieces of bacon and threw it in a basket. So disappointed.This was the closest I have ever been to complaining to a manager. I work in the industry so I did not want to be a disgruntled customer, but it really is that bad. I hope that I just had a bad experience, but I doubt  I will ever consider giving it another shot. Again, for beer and pool and watching a game it would be great. Service was awesome. But the food was THAT BAD.
2	it's funny- i try and not make the mistake of reading reviews while im at a particular restaurant because i dont want my view to be skewed going into it.. but these reviews were pretty spot on, it is kind of a trashy place and my food was well.. just not good. i ordered the queso dip and chips, which really, i dont know how you can screw up, but the queso was gross and the chips were burnt. left a bad taste in my mouth. i will say in their defense, $1.50 beers can't be beat.
1	How do you call yourself a sports grill and you can't go there and enjoy sports?  The ncaa tourney isn't big enough an event to have the sound on.  So you have to listen to dishes clank and really low crappy jukebox music?  Come on!  Then you have a ad in new times for great specials for St. Pattys day open at 11am and the specials start at 9pm.  The ad in the new times didn't say that.  Then when you show the ad to the bartender she says oh the paper made a mistake.  We don't have food specials, and the beer specials start at 9pm.  Come on!  Sorry for bothering you with my business, I will be sure to never bother you again.
4	Had been here in the past and was definitely disappointed.  My last visit a week or two ago was a welcome improvement.  They still have a few things to improve but are seemingly coming around.  Now, a little more attractive HH and you'll see me more often.
1	still sucks! Enough said.
4	I discovered this place this week. My first experience was awesome. I came back the next day just to make sure my first visit was not a fluke. I ordered BBQ wings....best I ever had! The sauce was spicy and had quite a kick. I will be back!!! Great happy hour! See you guys soon!!!
1	This place sucks, service sucks, music sucks, mixed drink was ok, but not worth a return visit. Why in the hell would you put a country themed bar right across from another one?
4	I'm not sure where all the negative reviews are coming from.  I'm a foodie but not a food snob....  Hubby is neither.  Surprisingly, we were both satisfied here!  We came in on a groupon that allowed us to order appetizers, entrees, drinks and desserts.  We were seated very quickly and greeted by our waitress, Heather, within minutes. We ordered the tri sampler and it was great, (BBQ wings, fried zucchini & mozzarella sticks) totally typical bar food. Next came our drinks, 2 margaritas, and this is the only place where we knocked a star. They were so weak I order a shot of Patron to add to mine...and I am not a drinker. Our entrees came quickly.  The grilled mahi-mahi with guacamole was perfectly cooked, just a little salty for my taste. The steamed veggies were yummy too.  Hubby's French dip was good and the sweet potato fries were crisp and fluffy.  Dessert was a cheesecake - typical, but yummy.  Heather, our server was stellar.  We would definitely go back for a casual night with friends.  Oh and on Saturday nights, there is a car show that happens right outside Cactus Moon - with live music.  And the misters keep you cool. :)
3	They have free country dance lessons on Thursday. Styles range from AZ Two Step, East and West Coast Swing, ChaCha, waltz, etc. Dancing continues after the lessons but it's not easy to find people that know how to dance stay around very long. The good stuff about CM: It's hard to beat free dance lessons and the instructor (Laina) is a professional teacher. The dance floor is wood and is fairly large. The DJs will play good dance music if you request it by name. I have been there many times and the service if very friendly (and the ladies wear short, sexy skirts!).On the downside: Cactus Moon doesn't take dance seriously as evidenced by the fact that most of the time there are dinner chairs on the dance floor. Don't be surprised if you step on french fries! Also, the DJs don't know anything about music to dance to but they do play lots of loud country.Buffalo wings are a real bargain and drinks on specials are cheap. Their selection of draft beers is limited but they always have one or two craft beers. There are lots of pool tables and TVs. Bathrooms are clean.
1	Tried this place once on a Saturday afternoon (between 2-4pm), it was dead. We sat at the bar and waited close to 15 minutes to acknowledged by a waitress and get a drink ordered. The drinks were good, but it took another 10 minutes to get our check. If it wasn't for the awful, slow service we would have probably stayed longer or purchased more items - but that didn't work out. Pros: - Location: Close to Cinemark to get a drink before a movie.-.Mixed drinks: Their vodka drinks were delicious.Cons:- BAD SERVICEThe bad services was just too much to take and I will NOT be visiting this place again. I'll try other places nearby than to try this place again.
3	Good happy hour. Great place for fights. Terrible parking situation since the beginning of construction on new buildings.
5	New place for Dream Dealer Poker. Was there last week and had their pound of wings. tried two different sauces and both were very tasty. Looking forward to this week and more of the same. Refills of beverages were quick, and asking if things were good the same. Excellent service ... glad they found a new location with such great attention to details.
1	This place is a joke- their service is TERRIBLE. We sat and waited for 40 minutes for anyone to come check on us (by that time, we just wanted to see how long it would take them to notice our presence) and when our server finally got there, she informed us that they hadn't realized they were missing a server. What manager has his head so far up his @$$ that he doesn't notice when his staff doesn't show for a scheduled shift?My favorite part? Constantly noticing servers gathered chatting by the POS systems at the bar, including the bartenders! No wonder their service sucks- they're too busy having meetings of their social club.The food? Meh. Nothing great. Not awful, but really, I can get this stuff anywhere. Save your time and frustration and go to Toby Keith's across the way.
2	Overall my experience was pretty negative here. Walking in the atmosphere and wait staff were all pretty inviting which saves the night. However the appetizer was bland (we got the sampler) and took over 25 Mins for fried food that was only ok. We ended up ordering our food to go because it took so long. Overall I would suggest this place if you have a lot of time to kill or are only looking for beers an a pool table, the dining service is definitely secondary to the staff.
2	Okay well we decide to go watch the ASU Football Game here -  for the BOWL GAME.    so you would think with the local team playing in a bowl game would be enough notice for them to staff correctly.There was 1 Bartender and 1 Server.  Bless her heart she tried really hard -  but with 15 tables to wait on and over 50 people in her section,   plus the 25 people around the bar.   2 people working is not enough.    There was a clueless woman manager who was pregnant and clueless she helped about an hour after our arrival.   and then was a guy in full cactus moon gear, shirt, hat, just pushing a cart around with liquor.     then he disappeared.      So while I would like to go on and on about how great the food is ,  cause it was decent enough.   waiting 20 minutes to order it,  20 minutes for our apps to show up  so talking 2nd quarter and only had one item of food and one beer.    no refills in that time,  later when ordering a second beer it took 14 mins for it to show up and we sat close to the well at the bar.     The Management needs to staff correctly - think of all the extra beers , meals they could have sold with 1-2 more servers....  So I agree with Jill C.  the service is Terrible.  rather go deal with parking and go to the TAVERN ON MILL, BBWs,  or FOUR PEAKS
1	The place is wallpapered with big screen TVs and has nice pool tables. The atmosphere is only tolerable at night because of the way the light comes in during the day... you just can't see anything around you. I've only had one meal there and it was just average, but the kicker was that when I saw on the menu that I could "Add a side salad for $1.99" and apparently it replaces the fries when you do that. Yes, you read correctly! I even spoke to the manager to confirm that the french fries that were supposed to come with my meal were no longer included since I added a side salad for an additional cost of $1.99. I couldn't believe it, but the manager insisted it was so. I shan't eat there again!
4	Had some Honey BBQ wings. The wings were great, but it took some time for them to get there, and one our party didn't get in time as we play poker out there. They should not promise delivery of food that you can't eat while you are playing. Now, they made up for it, even though they wanted to serve he re-heated. The margaritas are $5 during Happy Hour and are mighty tasty. Will report again as Tuesdays pass by..
1	10 dollars for eight wings....sports bar that won't turn the sound on instead to play terrible country music in the background....and the waitress lying about their satellite "being broken" for the reason the sound on one of their 100 tv's couldn't be turned on with sound...not to mention I heard the conversation between or server and the manager who clearly stated no with out explanation....just don't like getting lied too...we used to go here all the time for UFC with the two dollar beers at the outside patio with no cover...now...shitty country music...overpriced food as lying ass wait staff....count me out
2	Giant place - it'd be interesting to see it sometime actually filled with people.
1	Worst service ever!  Will never go there again!  My fiance and I have been here numerous times for lunch and it was always nice and service good.  Tonight being a Friday night we went for dinner.  We are senior people and the place had only young people in there and wasn't busy at all.  We walked in and were not greeted by anyone so seated ourselves at a dirty table and after a bit a waitress came up and asked if we wanted to sit there or be seated at a clean table.  We chose the clean table where we sat for 15 minutes and completely ignored.  A group of young people came in and were given their menus even before they fiished sitting down!  Not happy here.  After about 4 more minutes a waitress asked if we wanted something to drink.  My fiance ordered a rum and coke and I ordered a glass of chardonay.  When she brought it my glass was NASTY dirty and sticky!  My fiance asked for a new glass and we ordered but were still completely ignored the entire evening.  We will NEVER and I mean NEVER go back there again and seniors of Arizona I warn you, stay away!
1	Average bar food topped with awful service. I go almost weekly during college football season because it's a central location to meet friends and watch the game. I haven't bothered to review this place in the past because it is what it is and I don't have any misconceptions about it. A recent visit, however, prevents me from keeping quiet.Our group visited during March Madness to watch hoops. Gotta be true to your school and all. Even though the staff KNEW we were all there to watch the game, they seated us in a spot that required our group to move at halftime so they could get the dance floor going.Our server completely forgot the wife and I after the half. Two other servers stopped by to see if we needed anything, but they  told us they couldn't help us because we already had a tab open with someone else. They didn't bother to tell OUR waitress that we were looking for her, though.Our server finally stopped by--with our check--as the game was ending. When I asked where she'd been for 90 minutes and told her I'd tried hand signals and even tapped her elbow as she rushed away from the next table, she told me I should've yelled at her to get her attention. Um, I'm sorry, aren't you a SERVER? Don't you provide SERVICE?When I spoke to the manager, he didn't seem concerned that his server was a twit and her co-workers had left her flapping in the breeze instead of telling her one of her tables wanted something. He did offer to comp the tab, but I drank my beers and ate my food, and all I wanted was acknowledgement that his crew had done a poor job and assurance that this wasn't what they aspired to.If you're going to do a shitty job, fine. But don't argue with me when I call you out on it and then suggest that it's MY fault because I didn't tackle you so I could spend more money at YOUR place.
4	We finally have a honky-tonk to dance at. CM is making a comeback. Thursday night is particularly good. There is a free dance lesson at 7 pm and open dancing after that. No cover charge either! I stayed until almost 11 and there were still people dancing. It's real partner dancing too -- not that perversion from the 1960's that most people do because they don't know how to dance. The music selection is good with a variety of dance styles that can be done -- everything from chacha, waltz, swing, 2-step etc.24 oz draft beers are $6.25 and they have a good selection. I had a satisfying Four Peak Oatmeal stout.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I haven't sat on the inside, just the outdoor bar.  Maybe the inside is better but I have such a bad taste left in my mouth that I'll never know because I'll never go back.  There were about 10-12 people smoking outside. They have no rules or designated areas to smoke so people hover over the bar and anyone sitting there trying to enjoy themselves (or trying to eat the terrible food), are smoking right in your face. The smoke is so overwhelming that I felt sick to my stomach. On top of that, the very young bartenders were over-serving a group of about 8 or 9 people.  Three of the guys were so drunk that one was walking around barefoot, and the other two were slurring their words trying to fight each other. They were completely ruining the experience of every other guest there, drunkenly chain smoking in everyone's face and being obnoxious.  One of them almost burned me with his cigarette because he could barely hold himself up yet the bartenders kept serving him (shots of Fireball!!!).  I would never ever go back to this trashy, drunken, disgusting place again.  The drunks were over-served to the point of barely being able to stand, the bar-top hadn't been wiped since the place opened, and there was a $5 cover for all this.  No thanks, I'll go somewhere else next time.
2	Added a star for effort, since the manager messaged me about the experience and seemed legitimately concerned. They'll have a chance to make up for the last visit when football season rolls around again, but not before.
2	food was not very good.
2	This place has so much potential but didn't live up to my expectations. We stopped in on Saturday night and the first impression was walking in the door and the bouncer and cashier asked for a $5 cover.  The bouncer said "Or you guys don't have to pay cover if you give her a $5 tip".  Seemed a little sketchy but we agreed.  Then we went to the bar and watched the bartenders walk past us like 20 times without asking if they could get us anything.  There were a few people at the bar but they weren't that busy and could have noticed we weren't helped yet.  I finally flagged one down and she took my order.  We noticed the fussball tables in the back and decided to go play.  I was pretty excited since I hadn't played since I was a kid.  There was no change machine in sight.  Kind of weird to have tons of pool tables and fussball tables and not have a few change machines in plain sight.  So we had to ask a server for change because we knew we weren't going to be able to get the bartenders attention.  Put in the change and only 8 balls pop out. So the final score was 5-3.  Fairly uneventful.  We then went over by the dance floor and there are two couples who look like they should be on dancing with the stars out there.  It was fun to watch for a while but then I realized everyone else was way too intimidated to go out there and dance when you have professional dancers spinning around the entire floor.  I know they can't do much to control that.  So we decided not to go back to the bar to pick up another beer and just head next door to Toby Keiths instead.  That place was packed and had great service.  Cactus Moon needs to stay competitive and straighten some things out.
2	The food is okay, best thing on the menu is easily the Wachos (nacho style waffle fries). It's a solid bar with plenty on tap and good selection of mixed drinks. The service is spotty though.There are plenty of televisions and the staff is pretty good about changing the channel to a good game. The pool tables aren't cheap, but make for a fun night. They also have a shuffle board table to spend a couple of hours.
1	I had one of the most disappointing experiences at Cactus Moon in Mesa az on Sat night. From the time we stepped in the door the service was below average. It was like pulling teeth to get our first order in. This set the tone for the rest of the night. Finally after getting fed up and deciding to leave, I get home to see that they charged my card 5 times for my order. Not over charged... or even an extra drink. No, they overcharged me 500% above what I ordered. I will never return to this place and I would suggest you never do either. But IF you do, please check your bank account to make sure these thieves haven't stolen from you too!
2	Service sucked. Was handed a menu to look at, but the bartender never came back to see if I wanted to order from it, had to flag her down when she was bringing someone else's food in the area, then I hate that I sat there with an empty beer glass for about 10 min wondering where she had gone. Then when I wanted to pay my tab, that was another wait. I could have easily walked out. Then I let her know I needed my tab, waited some more while I watched her stop to get someone else their beer, check her cell phone and have a brief convo with another patron all with my tab in her hand. I can honestly say I will not ever go back. I hate that I spent more of my time waiting on service than enjoying my beers. I had a friend come pick me up and offered to buy him a drink. He said no we will go somewhere else, that place has horrible service. Lmao... all before me telling him of my experience.
1	Sunday was my second, and last, trip to Cactus Moon. Was there once before - they were slow, took forever to get a couple beers at a sticky table in the bar area before the movie we wanted to see. The ladies room is huge, but filthy, and not one stall has a latch that works! Because of the layout, you have to be an NBA star to use the toilet while holding the door shut. Great times! Had to practically mug the server to get our check and get out in time to get to the show. Sunday we were looking for a place to watch the Giants-Broncos game. So we head over. The place is huge, they got about 30 TVs. We are met by a clueless hostess who looked about 12, ask for a table to watch the game and quickly realize that about 27 of the 30 TVs are tuned to the Cardinals game - you know, the only one you can get on TV at home. Genius! She can't change the channel on any of them. There are 'no seats available' in the area near the one TV that has the game we want to watch, even tho there are several tables empty in that section. Hostess gave up and walked off, telling us we were welcome to see if we could find a table we liked. We can take a hint, we walked. Went east to Buffalo Wild Wings, watched the game on several TVs, spent $70 bucks on drinks and snacks, not including tip, and had a great time with very attentive service. Apparently no one at Cactus Moon reads these reviews, or cares, but if you're thinking about going - don't!
1	*  Hostesses are children trying to act like adults*  Service is slow (painfully slow)*  Employees all have an attitude and not a good one*  Mediocre food*  Watered down drinks*  Expensive drinks*  Overall dirty and sticky*  Restrooms on one corner of the structure which is about 100 yards from some tables.*  Need I say more?
1	Waited 15 minute with 3 waitress walked by me and never stop at my table. The bartender look at me and said nothing. The tables and menu where dirty.
2	Not a fan of this place. The food is terrible and pricey, The staff is pretty terrible and ticket times run slow even though there seems to be a lot of them there. The dance floor is nice, but I don't like how they play hip hop or as they call it "Top 40."  With a name like Cactus Moon you think it would be straight country. The one great thing about this place is the pool table, they are great.
3	Visited twice in the same week during a business trip. In each case, the service was great, we split the bill 5-ways since we had a per-diem (you're awesome Brooke!).The food was good for the price. Pool tables, Foosball, & TVs everywhere!The brisket Philly cheese was different and tasty!
1	Cactus moon does not support designated drivers.  Charged a cover although I'm not drinking?  At this point I cannot support a business that cares more about making a dollar than ensuring the safety of their patrons.
1	Food was not good, service was either worse. Should have looked at the reviews before I went in. I could have gone to Cracker Barrel or Chili's instead.
1	I generally don't write poor reviews, but I have been here several times and the service is always painfully slow - even when it is empty. Tonight, we watched our bartender socialize at the end of the bar with her coworkers. When we finally got her attention, she gave us attitude and barely took care of us. She looked at us like we were a waste of her time and just said "what do you want?". She wasn't personable at all. She didn't even give us her name. This is the third time that we've had a deathly slow server, but this one was downright rude.
1	Bartender seemed inconvenienced to serve and was not social and rarely checked on us....This is the third time that the service was poor......we decided to go next door to the other bar.
2	Their burgers are tasty. Not the best I've had, but good for the price. Our server was friendly and dropped by to make sure we were happy on a regular basis. I wasn't a huge fan of the atmosphere, too much country music for my tastes. They have lots of pool tables and a few bigger games like free throws and boxing games, and plenty of TVs showing whatever games are on.The one real gripe I have with the place is that nobody seems to clean the tables, there were crumbs and old drips of ice cream that I had to clean myself.
1	Horribly slow service and average food. Wasn't even crowded and we could see from our table that bar wasn't busy, but drinks took 30 min .. Won't go back
1	The owner's of Cactus Moon are self destructive morons.Friday nights have been developing a good country dance scene. Lots of people show up for a free lesson and dance afterwards. They have fun, buy food, drink, and have been telling friends how wonderful the place is (despite bad Yelp reviews). So, last Friday the owners waited until everybody arrived for the Friday dance -- and then announced that for now on they will only play hip-hop and top40. People that came here for their Friday night dance were furious -- and most of them stormed out.Count on at least 60 people to tell every one of their friends how callous and unfriendly Cactus Moon is. The owners could have made an announcement the previous week, so that people's night wouldn't be ruined, but that would have shown too much respect and consideration for their customers. CM owners wanted to be sure to let everyone there know that their loyal patronage isn't needed or even wanted.Oh, and the owners justified their actions by saying that dancers don't generate enough revenue. Of course it couldn't be that the food and service sucks!Businesses that treat customers with such disdain usually go out of business. The Phoenix market is just too competitive for idiots like this to survive. I cannot imagine that a bunch of oblivious young hip hoppers will save the day for CM, but we shall see what we see!
2	We have had great times on Saturday nites, dancing to country music with a DJ, but are now told "No More Country except Thursdays". Bummer.
1	I was in there on 5/17/14 at 6pm the male bartender was changing the Patron Chiller with 2 Big bottles of Patron. One side would not take anymore tequila so he jams his fingers into the hole on top of that machine were the liquor goes. If you want Patron that has had dirty fingers in it this is your bar. Then I called to speak to a Manager and the Girl who answered was extremely rude asking me why I wanted to speak to a General Manager. She said they were busy. So from the time I left to 5 minutes later when I called a tour bus must have stopped by and dropped off a bunch of people cause it was dead when we were in there 5 minutes prior to the call. So I will just let everyone know my experience instead of the General Manager. Would not recommend..
1	Worst place!!!  Surprised has not been shut down yet. Servers are completely clueless, they ignore you and are more interested in talking to friends and having fun.  I asked for a cheese burger and the next question I was asked was; do you want cheese on that?  Even when the place is not busy you can walk in and sit at a table for nearly half an hour before a server even takes a drink order.  On top of that management does not know what they are doing either. Avoid this place at all costs as you will be very disappointed in the service, food, and simply the overall experience.
1	Will only give one star. Went this past Saturday for fix was told over the phone no cover before 6 so all 8 of us went over there about 5pm we were already at a pretty big tab, we were then told we all had to pay a cover for the fights talked to the manager they didnt seem to want to honor what we were told on the phone......so beware when they tell you no cover before a certain time we will never be back.....
1	Will only give one star. Went this past Saturday for ufc was told over the phone no cover before 6 so all 8 of us went over there about 5pm we were already at a pretty big tab, we were then told we all had to pay a cover for the fights talked to the manager they didnt seem to want to honor what we were told on the phone......so beware when they tell you no cover before a certain time we will never be back.....
1	I asked for extra crispy hot wings and received soggy, rubbery, undercooked chicken swimming in a pool of buffalo sauce. Spent the rest of the night and the following day in a fetal position as my stomach wouldn't stop hurting. I would never suggest this place to anyone. Ever.
1	Cool place- lots of pool tables, but service was TERRIBLE. Absolutely horrible. Can't even tell you about the full menus because out apps were messed up, and the waitress just took them away- didn't attempt to replace them at all. Will come back for one more visit to redeem a gift card, and that's it. Will NEVER go back. Get your shit together.
1	Food sucks. Chips stale. Shrimp taco unetable. Frys were good. If you want to eat don't come here. They have a bar and tons of tvs with sports on them if u only want to drink and watch a game
2	This place has so much potential it's a shame they are running it into ground. We have tried it a handful of times now since it is close to my new home. Very much of a disappointment. It seems to get worse and worse every time we go. At this point the DJ that they have playing won't take requests and the manager refused to change the music. There was no one dancing and the place was almost empty. You think they would make some changes to fill this place up. It doesn't make any sense. The waitstaff is horrible but the bartenders seem to be very nice and on top of things
3	Anyplace this big with this many TV's automatically gets three stars, but the Mesa crowd even a weekday was getting kind of sketchy. We wanted to play pool, but you can't play one game at a time and it is now 10 bucks for unlimited play. They have a few other games inside, but mostly alot of TV sets and they did have the volume on for Thursday night football. Cactus does not feature any food specials during happy Hour, but plenty of drink deals were available. Beers were about $2.50 or 3 bucks during football games. The only other issue is the urinals which are all child sized and offer no protection from the next dude (see photo). Invest in a divider, I know it's a Mesa bathroom, but at least invest in a divider.
3	Maybe it was because I visited this place for the first time on a Tuesday. I wasn't a big fan.
