5	Very excited about the opening of ChopShop today in Tempe, as it is very close to my office. I stopped in for lunch and picked up a Kale Caesar Salad. For those of you who wonder what Chop Shop is: Its not really meat (The name and logo are deceiving). Its all of the organic good-for-you salads, juices and sandwiches with a  good-for-you feel like True Foods. Some of my favorites include the Beet salad, and Power Green juice (with kale, cucumber, ginger, parsley)... They even have Protein shakes...if you are into that sort of thing (which around the ASU campus- me thinks they will have a customer base). But yes.... there is meat. You can add on chicken, steak or shrimp (or tofu) to any entre or item.Parking is around back. I believe its the site of the old Dos Gringos.Enjoy!
5	Love the Chop Shop and am so glad they opened up in Tempe. I now have a location one block from my work in Scottsdale and one block from my loft in Tempe. Nothing beats the Tri-tip, shrimp, or tofu protein plate and a power green juice for lunch. Also, my friend swears by their grinder. Check this place out ASAP!
3	Chop Shop is a good healthy alternative to the rows of burgers along Mill and in the adjacent downtown area, but I couldn't help but notice that it's a bit pricey and that the sandwiches just don't land for me.The tri-tip/mushroom/onion mix was tasty and well-prepared, but the sandwich appears to have been designed by someone who has never eaten a sandwich before. It's close to 5 or 6 inches in diameter, on this circular whole wheat psuedo-bun. The bun is tasty enough, but when they load the sandwich with a light layer of meat and veggies, the sandwich collapses in on itself like a dying star.I ended up knife & forking it, but it was tasty at the very least. Unfortunately, there was also about an inch thick layer of arugula, which was a bit much, but that was relatively easily remedied. I think the reason we're sitting down at 3 stars for now is because my total tab out the door with a sandwich, chips, and an iced tea was just about $15. That's a bit steep for fast-casual in my opinion, and it's not helped by House of Tricks having completely amazing, blow-you-away (though not fast or as casual) meals for about the same price for lunch.They also advertised the bowls as including Forbidden Rice, but the rice that came out was brown rice instead. Maybe they were out or there was some confusion; that wasn't my dish so I'm not sure on that count.I think I'll give them another shot and order a protein plate for myself, if they're able to do forbidden rice. It'd make a decent place to grab a bunch of take out for the office, and it's a much much healthier alternative to the other stuff we eat every week. The staff was friendly, the iced tea was good, and the food was pretty tasty all said and done.
5	I've driven by the Old Town location but work closer to Tempe, so we walked here for lunch today.My friend and I split the Kale Cesar salad and the Club Sandwich and it was the perfect amount of food. Everything was super fresh and really tasty, without feeling too full at the end of the meal.Can't wait to try for breakfast.Also the ambiance of the place is impeccable. The interior is like falling into West Elm and every small detail is well thought out. The front patio / boccie ball area will be awesome during spring / fall.
5	LOVE the food, the shakes, the smoothies!This is the new sister location to the one in Scottsdale. The staff are friendly, the ingredients fresh, and the wifi strong. Ah - and the coffee is well-made and tasty. Fresh organic fruit and vegetables, lots of healthy salad and sandwich and breakfast choices. My new PHX favorite!
4	Just tried this place for lunch today, and this is definitely a place that I'm eager to talk about.  The decor is fresh and clever, and you can tell they put a lot of time and thought into making it look interesting and approachable. They win a big thumbs up in  cleanliness and decor categories. I would very much enjoy bringing friends here for lunch. (Cute little details, like the purse hangers on each table, and a fresh daisy made our meal even more enjoyable.)For lunch I tried the shrimp and sweet potato hash protein bowl. The hash was incredible, I highly recommend trying it. The shrimp was very good too, but the thing that I loved was that they didn't just give me 4 shrimpy pieces - my bowl was full of shrimp and veggies. An ideal meal!I ordered one of the fresh lemonades, and it was kinda good, but I found it lacking in a bit of flavor, plus it was super-sour. Overall a great place that's off the beaten Mill Ave path, a good place to bring friends, or clients, and a menu that includes tons of healthy options. Can't wait to go back to try the smoothies, and their breakfast menu!
3	Every time i've been in the place for lunch its packed! The inside seating is very limited small area so not good for group lunches unless your getting it togo. Very popular place for those working at and around ASU. Nice patio for outdoor seating in the cooler months. The food is good;, i've tried the beef Grilled tri-tip was a little messy ended up using a fork/knife & the Club had a good amount of turkey and bacon, not a fan of the pesto spread so i always have them leave that off. Each sandwich comes w a small side salad w dressing. They also serve breakfast which i haven't tried but heard its good. Place is great for those who like to eat healthy and are looking for an alternative to fast food, not so much for the burger and fries type.  Its a little pricey especially if you add a lemonade or one of their juices w your meal you would be paying close to $20 for lunch per person. Only rating it 3 stars for its value.
4	Went here for the first time today. I was excited to see a new healthy option open up in Tempe. Easy to find parking in the summer, but during the regular school year it may be difficult.First I'd like to say that the place is very cute. It's well designed and has a comfortable atmosphere. The place smells amazing when you walk in because of all the juicing going on.There were a lot of good choices on the menu. I ordered the chicken and kale sandwich as a wrap and a small vanilla iced latte.The sandwich was good, but a little different than I expected. It was a warm sandwich with melted cheese and sort of tasted like a Caesar wrap. It was big and came with a small side salad. Too much food for me for lunch; it could probably be split between two people. I had barely any kale in mine and would prefer to see a higher kale to romaine ratio. The latte was very strong and sweet. I think too much vanilla not enough milk (I think they use non-fat). I topped it off with some cream and it was better, but if you are someone who likes a milkier latte you may want to tell them that when you order.Overall I think the food here is fresh and pretty healthy. I will definitely be back to try more.Also...it can get very busy at noon, so go a little early or late for lunch to avoid the line. I was there at 12:10 and the line was wrapped around the place, but before I even got my food the line was completely gone.
3	More like 3.5 stars here. Love the atmosphere they've created here. Service is not bad, though I arrived later (& ordered later) than my friend, but ended up getting my salad first. They never gave her a number! Fresh lemonade and other juices are a plus. My friend's sandwich looked good, though I didn't have a taste. My beet salad was meh. Definitely nothing to write home about. Not enough arugula and the vinaigrette was underwhelming. I'd probably come back on a cool day to sit outside and try their breakfast items and juices.
4	Boyfriend and I really enjoyed our experience at Chop Shop. We came for a late lunch on Friday and it was about half full indoors. I ordered a tofu teriyaki protein bowl, boyfriend got the chicken prosciutto sandwich at the recommendation of the young woman at the cash register. $23 for the two meals and two lemonades. We waited about 15 minutes for our food, but passed the time with the free magazines they have to read. The tofu bowl was excellent; the teriyaki sauce had a subtle spiciness and I really enjoyed the forbidden rice and roasted vegetables. Large portions, too! Boyfriend liked his chicken prosciutto sandwich ("I'm full but I can't stop eating, it's too good").As a side note, they were having problems with the music. It sounded like a CD was skipping? Lasted the duration of our lunch. I would rather have no music than intermittent music.We're excited to come back to try breakfast. I'm just afraid of how packed it will be when school begins next week!
1	Three strikes, you're out! Ok so really it's like 4 strikes...but 3 sounds better :-).Summary: Is the Food good? Yes. Not amazing but good. Is the Service good? No; it's horrible.Are the People nice? Yes, absolutely the people who work there are very nice. But ultimately they can't run their business as-is. ASU school hasn't even started. They're in for a rude awakening. Novel: The first time I went in I was so excited to see the new location and had a very good experience. Strike 1) However, the second time I went in, my friend and I waited 20min in line to order and then another 40min for our meal to come out. No joke. Since we were on lunch break we had to ask for it to-go. The manager was sweet and very apologetic and offered our next meal for free. That was very nice but unfortunately, Strike Two was on its way.Strike 2) I have some food intolerance's so I frequently ask for no cheese and whatever sauce or dressing on the side. This was no exception here. However when I returned to my office to open my impromptu To-Go Meal, it was the meal I ordered, per se, but missing 5 of the other ingredients. So basically I waited 60min for arugula and meat with a slice of apple. Yum. Strike 3) A week later, I decided to call-in an order... I wanted to avoid the long wait again. When they answered they immediately put me on hold...FOR 16 min!! Wait, it gets better. They never picked up the phone again. I was so pissed, so I decided I would still drive there and hopefully speak to the manager. I wanted to show him that I Was Still On Hold when I walked in. Ha, which believe it or not leads me to Strike Four.Strike 4) When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised that there was not the usual long line of people so I hesitated and almost hung up my phone; I honestly started feeling bad about wanting to show him their bad service, yet again. But right then; yes at that very moment, the girl in front of me said "They're closing the kitchen. They're no longer serving food". It was 12:30 in the afternoon. wtf? I confirmed with the cashier. The rest is history here on Yelp. Hopefully in a year they are still in business. And if so, I may try again. They deserve to prosper but they have to get their sh*t together first. I really enjoy their food but loathe their customer service and efficiency.
5	I'm a regular at chopshop on Scottsdale road and finally got in to the Tempe location. Awesome atmosphere and great service. Not to mention the food and drink are always on par and a healthy alternative to pretty much anything else in the area.Huge fan of there classic club sandwich and hear amazing things about their protein plates. Perks: giant chess board, cool inside dining, and geographically desirable location Tempe's #1 lunch spot
4	I'm so happy to have a healthy restaurant option close to home. A girl can't eat donuts all the time, you know. The boyfriend and I went to Chop Shop on a weeknight. The place itself is super cute and when the weather is nice they have lots of outdoor seating.I ordered the chicken prosciutto sandwich and he ordered a tri-tip bowl with sweet potato hash. First of all, the portions were really big. We both only finished half of our meal and had the leftovers for lunch the next day. So it's not cheap food but if you consider you're getting two meals out of it then it's actually pretty awesome.My sandwich was really good. The chicken wasn't dry, the arugula was fresh and there was plenty of fig spread (yum). The bread was also tasty and fresh.Boyfriend really liked his tri-tip bowl, the sweet potatoes were a nice alternative option to the rice.I can't wait to go back and try one of their salads. I think this is definitely going to become a new regular place for dinner.Tip - there are a few parking spots in back so you don't have to pay at a meter.
4	Was looking for something healthy to eat before class and decided to try this place for the first time. Nice relaxed atmosphere, and it was pretty busy at the time, the 7-8 dollar price tag for a sandwich was a tad steep but when I got the sandwich it was HUGE! Good value and good atmosphere, ill be back!
2	Love the feel here. It's noon right now and the sun is not directly above me. The church next door does a great job blocking the sun but there are still many areas of light so everything is beautiful outside! Live the home feeling here. The healthy food options is amazing. Love the menu and how cute and well put together everything is. I ordered the muscle malt protein shake. Yum. Also BBQ chicken salad. Delicious. The bowls they give you are recycled and everything just feels better here. Did not bring my computer to test to wifi and work a little but will next time!Update: don't know why I keep coming here. They are very disorganized with bringing out food at the same time. Waited an extra 20 mins to get my drink, while the rest of my party was served and other tables too. Their beer salad also has different dressing than the one in scottsdale. Not sure if that's intentional or not...
5	good everything.  don't be fat.  eat here.
3	This has been my second trip to Chopshop, and I will probably be coming back.The first time I came in, I ordered one of their fresh juices. My juice came fairly quickly, even though they had a line across their tiny dining room. For five dollars the portion was totally generous, and the juice itself was very fresh and tasted absolutely delicious. I was extremely impressed, and I couldn't wait to come back.Today was my second visit, however I was much less thrilled with my experience this time. I decided to try one of their iced lattes, and I was expecting something of the same quality as the juice I had prior.The girl who took my order seemed totally aloof, I asked her how her day was going and the interaction was just awkward. After ordering my latte she did not ask me what kind of milk I wanted, and I didn't think to mention it.My latte came quickly, however, I'm certain they used skim milk or something else sacrilegious in my drink. It was horrible. Absolutely horrible.I still have faith in Chopshop, although next time I am definitely not ordering a milk based coffee drink from them. Their location is prime and their patio is perfect. Wi-Fi is totally reliable. I would absolutely recommend you stop by.
5	Had the Kale Caesar  with shrimp, greens were so fresh sand shrimp was seasoned just right. It was delicious. I'm giving this place 5 stars because how many other places can a grab something to eat in 5 mins for $10 that is not fried, full of sugar or carbs or doesn't contain meat that I don't eat ? (pescitarian).In addition to eating a healthy, filling and delicious meal I had a blast playing chess on their life sized chess set for 2 hours. This place is awesome and I will become the duke!
4	This was my first time at ChopHouse and I will definitely be going back. It has a darling, modern, cozy vibe about it. The patio is my favorite part-- complete with globe lights, chairs, umbrellas, a fireplace, and giant chess! The inside is decorated just as well; think urban country, or shabby hipster chic. And, get this ladies and gentleman: each table has a PURSE HANGER on the side of it. Why yes, that was an incredibly nice touch, indeed. Though, I'm glad my purse wasn't particularly heavy, for fear that it would have taken the table down.Each of the three employees we spoke with were very friendly and accommodating. One even gave me some recommendations about the menu since I hadn't been in before. Also, the men's denim shirts are a rad choice as a uniform. *thumbs up for all around styling*Initially I ordered a small Green Glory juice-- which had kale, apple, kiwi, ginger...and something else. It was seriously so delicious that after I finished the first, I ordered a large juice to go. Of course, $10 for a 32 oz. cup of juice seemed steep, but it really was so fresh and tasty that it ended up feeling more like a meal than a beverage. So, perhaps I won't be able to come to ChopHouse everyday, but $10 for something healthy and delicious was infinitely better than the $6 I would spend on a venti sugary whatever from Starbucks. ChopHouse, you win!I also ordered the Cheat Day Burrito (I think that was what it was called?). Eggs and avocado, with bacon and turkey with brown rice, in a wheat wrap. No tomato. YUM! The salsa that comes on the side is very flavorful too. Of course, I couldn't finish said burrito (what with all of the juice I had consumed) so I brought the leftovers home for my boyfriend, who was equally as pleased by the burrito. The juice didn't make it home.After reading some reviews about the rushes that ChopHouse gets, I was worried that we would have to wait a long time for our food. Not the case. We arrived at the perfect time this morning, since we were the only customers inside the restaurant. Eventually, we migrated to the patio, which was also a great choice. Hello October in Arizona, right?I can't wait to return to ChopHouse. It's inspired me to attempt juicing for myself (which may fail miserably).Thanks ChopHouse!
5	Delicious!
4	I love the ChopShop.  The salads and sandwiches are delicious, fresh and relatively inexpensive.  The downside of the location is parking, area traffic, the long line inside to order and seating.  If you're on a lunch break time crunch, you will not make it, especially if you're driving into this area.  The place is very modern, with a great upbeat, chic vibe.  It's a place you would want to meet your girlfriend for a salad or sandwich and you have time to eat and chat.  It is very fresh and has an assortment of goodies for all types of foodies.  Recommend trying it for sure... just have plenty of time!
4	The chop shop is a really cute and cozy place on university. It reminds of downtown phoenix and the bar/restaurants in that area. The food was also really good healthy and fresh. I defiantly will come here again.
5	My favorite new find in Tempe? The Original ChopShop Co! I don't know how this place has eluded me since it's opening in February, but I found this "diamond in the rough" that is Mill Ave (amongst the bars and burger joints).The restaurant was founded on the belief that you CAN eat healthy on-the-go "without sacrificing fresh, memorable flavors or affordability" which I may have previously doubted, but after trying ChopShop I'm a BELIEVER! After trying a refreshing fresh pressed juice last week for the first time, I was excited to  return and check out the lunch menu. The reviews on Yelp and photos just seemed too good to be true. Could such a place really exist? After trying the lunch menu, I would say yes - it's THAT good! I had the Tofu Teriyaki Bowl ($7) and a small seasonal Lemonade ($2). My friend had the Kale Caesar with Chicken ($9) and an Arnold Palmer. Both dishes were incredibly flavorful and the drinks were refreshing. The portions were quite generous and we both had leftovers for that we could look forward to for later. In case you're wondering what Forbidden Rice is, like I was, let me share what I learned. No, they're not being cheeky by calling it "forbidden" - there is such a thing. According to LotusFoods (rice distributor), Forbidden Rice provides the richest nutritional value, providing a higher level of vitamins, minerals and fiber of any bran rice, as well as a comprehensive range of amino acids, proteins, vegetable fats and essential trace elements needed by the body. Now, you know!As others have noted, the ambiance both inside and outside of the restaurant is relaxed, comfortable, and urban chic. The patio is the perfect lunch date spot or place to work (in the late afternoon after the lunch crowd). Can't wait to return and try the breakfast menu!
5	Since opening I have been obsessed with Chop Shop. It is located right across from campus and I find myself eating there several times a week. It is very busy so most of the time I find myself waiting in line but it is so worth it. Everything is very affordable on their menu and it is very healthy and delicious. The atmosphere is great and the employees are very friendly and helpful. I enjoy sitting on the patio when I dine in but as it is getting colder they have a great selection of seating inside also. I will recommend Chop Shop to anyone and everyone, one of my favorite places to eat without a doubt!
4	I ordered take out today before hitting the road for a long drive.  I was impressed with the wraps, it was good, especially nice to have a healthy choice.  I had the chicken and prosciutto and my Mom had the Moroccan turkey.  I liked them both.  I am a tortilla snob, so I wasn't thrilled with their's, but the fillings really made the wrap yummy.  The side salad dressing was very yummy, the greens were a little brown.  It was lunch, and kinda busy, so I can understand being overwhelmed, but the waitress was very cold.  I will for sure be back, I really want to try a protein plate.
5	Love this place!  Please open one in LA!Super healthy food in a very cool, rustic setting.  I ordered the tri tip steak bowl with black rice and veggies and they have plenty of sriracha to add :)I sat and ate my dinner on the patio, where there's about 15 tables, a deck and a giant, life size chess game.
2	I should really be writing a 5 star review. I love the food, I love the atmosphere and it's reasonably priced (for most things).  But I've several bad experiences here and have had to leave TWICE because the food took so long that I had to go to work.  And I've arrived with ample time.  The first time I came in an hour before I had to be at a work meeting and ordered some breakfast.  The Open Faced breakfast sandwich is great and I don't normally mind waiting the average 20 minutes to get my food.  But after sitting patiently on the patio for over 40 minute and my food didn't arrive I had to go inside.  I never got an answer as to what went wrong, but regardless my food wasn't even started being made and so I demanded my money back and left hungry.  The manager apologized and told me to ask for him next time and he would help me out.  I don't want hand outs, I just want my food when I order it.  But I gave them the benefit of the doubt. I've worked in restaurants and I know how things go.  Several times after this incident (I end up here at least twice a week some times) I have had to wait unreasonable amounts of time to get food. I've ended up having to take it to go and eat at work a few times because it took so long.   I might understand this when it's busy, but these are times when it's slow.  I've learned to not even try eating there if I have less than an hour to spend during lunch. This morning was probably the final straw for me though. I went in with 20 minutes until I had to be at work.  (My work is a 3 minute walk from this place so it's extra convenient) There place was pretty empty with two people ordering and two people in front of my in line.  After waiting about 5 minutes or so to get up to the register I placed my order for the Jacked up PB +J shake.  It's pretty stellar. But then I waited, and waited and waited.  I watched people who ordered after me get food and drinks.  Before I knew it, it was after 10am and I was late for work.  Looking in the kitchen I saw the cook starting what might have been my order, but I was already late by this point. I didn't even have time to ask for a refund I just left.  I'll eat the $6 (which is a little over priced anyway) as a reminder not go back to this place until they can figure out how to get food out in a timely manner.  It could just be me, but I thought 20 minutes to order a smoothie would be plenty of time.  Apparently I was wrong.  I should have gone to Starbucks.
2	ChopShop Tempe, I love you, I really do.  That being said, I have a suggestion.I live within walking distance and call in a to-go order at least once a week from this location.  It is the same issues every-single-time and it is making me want to break up with you.  I call in my order, you tell me 20 minutes, I show up 30 minutes later, pay for my order, and then no one grabs my order.  Every-single-time.I sit there looking at my to-go order on the counter for at least 15 minutes.  Every-single-time I ask an employee to check if that is my order that has been sitting there.  The same response, every-single-time, is "no, that is for someone else," or, "I think that is for the guy outside."  Every-single-time, a man with a beard asks me what I am waiting for and when I tell him he looks at the food that is now cold on the counter and tells me, "you're all set, here is your order."I sent my boyfriend to this location last night to pick up dinner and he returned 30 minutes later to inform me that he is never going there again and described the same issues that are mentioned above that I experience every-single-time I go there.I am not sure if it is a laziness issue amongst the staff as much as it is just a disregard for customer service.  It is simple: we are exchanging food for money. Period. I gave you my money, now give me my delicious tofu protein bowl.Thank you.
5	So many good things to say about this place.  Im in love with the Moroccan turkey sandwich, which has grapes and avocado and yogurt sauce on it. Its enough for two meals, but i usually eat it in one, and then need to lay down!  haha   It also comes with a little side salad.  Ive also had the Chicken protein plate with the forbidden rice. Sounds wierd and kinda scientific, but these people know how to put food together to taste delicious. The sweet potato hash is pretty good too.As for the drinks, ive had the Power Green which took a few sips to get into it. A little on the tart side, the Green Glory is really yummy.  Ive also had their Bloody Mary, and i wish they would put a few more tomatoes in it. It kinda just tasted like veggie juice with some vodka, not really bloody enough for me.  :P  That being said, I love this place and will continue to come through, its very good food.
4	Best location for easy quick healthy meals for college students. This place is small and unique. The food is delicious and appetizing. The juices are freshly squeezed which gives them their edge.
4	I've been meaning to write about this place so here goes:Great small restaurants with cute decors. The food is great, clean eating and tons of options that keeps you satiated. Only reason I took away one star...well the speed of the service is the only issue for me. Every time it takes so long to get my order making my lunch hour shorter in order to enjoy the deliciousness. Try it! It's healthy AND delicious...that's a hard combo to find.P.S. Get the slim squeeze juice to accompany that meal! It's yummy freshness in your tummy :)
3	I want so badly to give this place more stars. I love it here! The food is fresh and healthy, which is hard to come by in this town - it lacks some flavor occasionally but is overall good. I would give the food four stars. However...the reason for this review is solely because of the service. No matter how many times I come here, or who is working the service is slower than a sloth, quite actually. On more than one occasion I have ordered only a smoothie, such as this occasion. I have been sitting here for ten minutes watching people go in and out...actual food from the kitchen being taken out to the customers and still I am waiting on a simple smoothie. Is slow service like this really worth the good food? If you have all day or like your company definitely go here if you're looking for some healthy and well prepared food. If you're hoping to avoid small talk or sitting alone for an awkward amount of time...maybe refrain. Whole foods has some good smoothies and takes all of one minute. Update: I did in fact receive the smoothie I ordered! Woot.
3	Food comes in very generous portions and the Arnold Palmers and lemonades are amazing! My main complaint is that the dressing on the Asian salad is a bit too tasteless. Otherwise, this is a great lunch spot by campus. Be sure to be patient though because the line gets REALLY long.
2	This place has really great food which is why I come back but really terrible service which is why I'm usually annoyed/angry every time I leave.I mostly call in to go orders and 75% of the time the phone doesn't work. When I asked about it once the employees laughed and said the phone was dead.When I get to the restaurant to pick up my food (if I actually get thru on the phone) I will wait about 10 min at the pick up register without even being acknowledged. I understand if you're busy but even a "hey we'll be with you in a minute" is better than standing there awkwardly for 10 min.Last time I was in the cashier asked the manager to bring me my food, he brought my food but not my drinks and walked off so quickly I didn't have time to stop him and ask for them. Luckily another employee was actually paying attention and helped me out. So if you like good food and can deal with bad customer service, this is the place for you!
1	I really wanted to like this place. The decor is really cute and I like the idea of it,  but I've gone three times now and every time something was wrong. The first time: my boyfriend ordered one the chops/bowls and they put the wrong meat in it. Instead of remaking it, they picked out the wrong meat (chicken) and threw some of the correct meat (steak) on top. Anyone who works in this industry knows that is a HUGE no-no. The second time: I ordered the parfait and they made me a smoothie.. It was good but it wasn't what I ordered.The third: I got some type of sandwich that was just awful. It had sweet potatoes in it that were not cooked at all. Crunchy and totally unappetizing. Three strikes and you're out, I'm not going back to this place. Maybe I'll try the scottsdale location but my expectations are very, very low.
5	Delicious and healthy! I'm addicted to their tri-tip steak bowl with forbidden rice and veggies. :') So good, always huge portions but with fresh and healthy, organic ingredients. The exterior of the place is really atmosphere and cute, too, especially at night!
4	Cute place, love all of the healthier choices, and pricing seems fair. I was in the mood for a sandwich, so I went for the California Club, and it was great! I was torn between a few things, so I will be back to try more.
4	The Chop Shop is sure to be a hit in Downtown Tempe!  Nestled within a rehabbed residential home, this new eatery boasts a lot of character.  Add to this a giant outdoor eating area complete with bocci ball, a life sized chess set, outdoor fire pit, and the Chop Show is a great place to go and relax over a nice meal.  How's the food?  To put it simply, "Nuevo trendy health conscience". Their menu offers mostly healthy choices for the ladies, including fresh fruit smoothies, but there are a few manly type items like the Grinder and the Tri-Tip.  I have recommended the Chop Shop to many people, and so far, no one has been disappointed.One last thing, they are getting popular. Especially at lunch time. So, expect a short wait in line to order your food.
4	I had the Beet salad and it was delicious! My girlfriend had the Kale Ceaser and that was even better! Something about the honey-dijon dressing had me at hello. The only thing that I was dissapointed on was the service. The cashier that took my order was quite rude.
4	Today I stopped in for breakfastIt's such a cute little placeI got the cheat day wrap and some orange juiceThe wrap was really good! Lots of ham and everything else :)The orange juice had hella pulp which I loveThe service was great, everyone was helpful and friendlyI would like to go back and go through some of the shakes/juices
5	The Pros:-Healthy, affordable food-Generous portions-Good variety with salads, sandwiches-Flexibility with substitutions -Customizable cold pressed juicesThe Cons:-Really busy around lunch time-Placing an order for pick up can take up to 15 minutes (that is, if your call even goes through)I have had the beet salad, kale caesar, moroccan turkey wrap, quinoa, and various juices. Typically, I spend around $15 (without tax and tip) on a salad and a juice. Sometimes with dinner, I will order a glass of wine. I don't remember being wowed by the wine, but I'm grateful that they have some to offer! It's plenty of food for me, and I feel like I can eat a ton.
5	I LOVE this place! I was so glad to hear they were putting one in right off ASU's campus, because the food in, and around campus isn't the most healthy. Although the place can get busy, the only time you have to wait is in the line, because they really are quick with bringing food out to you and not to mention the staff is so nice and helpful when your a little lost on what to get. Mainly what I order here are the protein plates and they are SO good, my mouth is watering thinking about the chicken, beef and tofu (I'm unsure about the shrimp because I've never tried it, but lets be honest, its probably freaking amazing). Each one of those bowls have the best flavors and they are huge portions with lots of  yummy stuff in it (so you don't end up with all the grain at the end, you end up in bliss with veggies and protein of choice)!!! It's great because you pay for what you get and you can bring home the leftovers! The pressed juices are really killer too! I haven't tried one I didn't like yet, which is crazy because if you drink pressed juices, often times they are so tart and overpowering for your taste buds, but these... these are too good. My personal favorites are the Kale Cleanse and Cold Buster - don't be scared of the ginger!! In conclusion, beware!! If you go here once you will have to come back as often as you can! I have yet to get sick of getting the same things every time!! They also sell stevia sweetened chocolate that you will buy and eat the whole thing by yourself and share none of it.
5	Such a wonderful and healthy restaurant right on ASU campus! The portions are great, the outdoor seating is so nice, and the food is always delicious. The protein bowls are a good-sized meal, and all the salads are amazing (especially the BBQ chicken....mmmm....). And the PB&J protein shake is awesome. Love coming here for Sunday brunch! (Oh, and the mimosas are a GREAT DEAL on Sundays!!! And the Bloody Mary is made with fresh juice. Oh yes.)
5	Right across the street from my grad school office, I had the pleasure of lunch here today.  This used to be a bar, I think, basically an eyesore on what should otherwise be ASU's jewel of a main drag.  Well, whoever opened this joint has their business in order.  Bustling, good service, and good food.  A bit pricey, $$ is accurate, but lunch was of very good quality!  I will gladly pay for such quality, I had the chicken & prosciutto wrap, and it did not disappoint.  Good scene, good food, right in the heart of ASU.  Get some!
4	I've only been here once but my first impression was very good. I heard that there was a patio and that the place was dog friendly so I brought my two poodle/terrier mixes. I sat in the patio and ordered inside. My dogs were pretty calm in that space even though it is right on university. There is astro turf through the entirety of the patio area with various types of seating.I enjoyed the kale cleanse and tri-tip protein plate that ordered. Everything came out pretty fast with the exception of my drink, which lagged behind other people who ordered after me. Oh well. When it arrived it was DELICIOUS. I can't wait to try their other drinks.I visited on a Sunday. There were a good amount of people there hanging out but I wouldn't say that the place was busy. There is also a huge chessboard and shuffle board(???) to play out on the patio. It looks like a nice place to hang out, but I wonder how crazy it gets during the week when all the students are around. I'd definitely go back during the weekends and during the breaks, as it seems like a really chill space.
5	I go to this Tempe location once a week to meet my son at ASU for lunch.  The food is absolutely fresh and amazing.  I get the raw vegetable salad and it is super healthy and a huge portion.  My son gets the Protein plates and loves them.  We love sitting on the patio area.  It is always busy, but the line goes quick and the food comes out right away.  This is a healthy choice near ASU........you won't be disappointed!
1	Eh....wife loved it. Too hipster for me. Not much flavor. The seating is terrible, definitely for intimate lunches. Meaning 1-2 people max.
3	Update: I went in after a workout last night to grab a smoothie. Seeing as they take a lifetime to do even this I stood by the counter where they call the drinks hoping that might put a pep in their step for getting me my food quicker. As I stood there I watched the woman make it, and I watched her dump about 3 tablespoons of chocolate syrup into my drink. Now, if you want chocolate syrup and are told you are ordering it, by all means fine...but of you're under the impression you're receiving chocolate protein powder in your drink you may be slightly upset. If I wanted chocolate syrup I'd go to an ice cream shop. I asked her where on the menu it said that was in my drink and her reply was "well it doesn't". I know. She didn't seem how to respond, I told her I wasn't blaming her just that she should pass along to someone higher up that that may (does) make customers unhappy and they should put it on the menu (doubtful). It's always disappointing when you're under the impression you're eating healthy and you're not. Boo. I'll go back for other things (carefully) but not the muscle malt one of whatever it's called.
3	Update: I went in after a workout last night to grab a smoothie. Seeing as they take a lifetime to do even this I stood by the counter where they call the drinks hoping that might put a pep in their step for getting me my food quicker. As I stood there I watched the woman make it, and I watched her dump about 3 tablespoons of chocolate syrup into my drink. Now, if you want chocolate syrup and are told you are ordering it, by all means fine...but of you're under the impression you're receiving chocolate protein powder in your drink you may be slightly upset. If I wanted chocolate syrup I'd go to an ice cream shop. I asked her where on the menu it said that was in my drink and her reply was "well it doesn't". I know. She didn't seem how to respond, I told her I wasn't blaming her just that she should pass along to someone higher up that that may (does) make customers unhappy and they should put it on the menu (doubtful). It's always disappointing when you're under the impression you're eating healthy and you're not. Boo. I'll go back for other things (carefully) but not the muscle malt one of whatever it's called.
5	They are so nice here! I had a friend who thought she may be allergic to the juice she got so they gave her a free smoothie of her choice no questions asked! I am obsessed with the food and eat there at least once a week! As a college student it is sometimes hard to stay healthy but they make it easy!!
5	Great service, great food. So many interesting menu items to try! Will need to go back more often. Can take a while to get served but worth the wait and the staff are so attentive. Ate the beet salad and drank the hibiscus seasonal lemonade. Recommended!
5	If you want to eat healthy then this is the best place to go. All Pressed juices are really good and the raw vegetable salad add chicken is really good
5	ChopShop is my go-to place for healthy, delicious food. Everything I've had on the menu has been great. My favorites are the protein plates with either shrimp or tri-tip and sweet potato hash. I also like the raw salad with steak. The sandwiches and juices are also really good. The Tempe location has an awesome outdoor area which is dog friendly, always a plus. I recommend calling ahead to order and picking the food up, the wait can get pretty long if you don't call ahead.
4	Ate lunch here today for the first time and enjoyed it so much! I had the kale Caesar wrap and sweet potato hash. Both were awesome. I really liked the patio atmosphere, it was a beautiful day so we chose to sit outside, the inside layout is a bit small for my taste but I guess you could just call it cozy. The outside chair I sat in was quite uncomfortable, but it's definitely not something that would deter me from going back. The only unfortunate thing that my boyfriend and I did not enjoy was the INSANELY long line we waited in, obviously we came right during the lunch rush, which is not their fault that they are so busy, but it was frustrating that there was only one register being utilized because the other was for To-Go/Pick-Up orders only. I feel like if they could add another register it would have made a huge difference. All in all, the food was amazing and even though we waited a good thirty minutes to place our order, it was delivered to us very quickly. So I will definitely be back... I'm a Chop Shop fan now!
2	Food is decent, not necessarily "good", but it's a change from the ordinary. The problem however isn't the food. Its the fact that they try to run a line of 200 people through this place at once, which doesn't work out. Takes 40 minutes to get your food because they can't figure out the line, servers, kitchen staff, cashiers, customers, all bouncing around and running into one another. I mean, come on? Why should it take fourty minutes to wait in a line and order a sandwich? Better off going to somewhere else with faster service...especially if you actually like to eat during your lunch hour.
5	Can't go wrong at Chop Shop! Great food every time!
5	I couldn't stop coming back here! It's mesmerizing! This little eatery is tucked behind beautiful trees and shrubs, making you feel like you're in a garden hidden away from the busy road of it's official address.The food is great, healthy, and fresh, but don't expect to get it quickly. There's usually only 1 register working, and sometimes two, and the food is made to order. This slow and relaxed speed tends to be the lifestyle of the Shop's many patrons. (Many are lounging next to the giant chess board or under a tree reading a kindle or lounging away.)Both times I ate here I ordered the hummus sandwich and it is the best such sandwich I've ever had. The hummus is red so I think there's red pepper blended into it, and the other veggies along with a touch of feta cheese makes this sandwich so addicting, you can't help but spoonfeed yourself the excess hummus that got squeezed out and fell on your plate. (FYI, the bread is not strong enough for you to hold and eat the sandwich. Your best bet is to fork and knife this guy.This place also stocks kombucha, which I love, and they have lots of blended fruit/veggie drinks that everyone I was with raved about. If you're visiting ASU, this place is a must try.
4	Cute place with great pressed juices. I swear by the ColdBuster. The beet salad is also excellent. It's a nice place close to campus that's good for a relaxing lunch or dinner with friends.
5	Three easy words: TO DIE FOR.I crave this place more than anything else.  The Moroccan Turkey sandwich is unlike anything I have ever had.  Everything tastes so wonerful and I can eat the whole thing (and it's HUGE) and I don't feel gross, bloated, or over stuffed.  The juice is also really great! If you're looking for somethign healthy and delicious, this is your place!!
5	We need more of that style of restaurant this is my favorite place so far!!The kaleCleanse is the best green fresh juice ever!pleaseTry it
4	I've driven by the Chop Shop many of time but never had a desire to try this place. I guess I have Meghan L to thank for this one. Seen her check-in all the time and my son wanted to try it so now here I am. It's on University across from ASU but hidden right next to The Chuck Box. I call this the little house on University. You walk through the yard gate into a yard with table all over the front yard and into a small little house. Basically, you wait in line to order your food and drinks. Seems like there is always a line. They bring your food to your table but you have to wait at the counter for your drinks. Oh yea the menu is on a huge chalk board. This is a very healthy place. Healthy drinks. Healthy food. $5 for a 16oz and $10 for a 24 oz drink. Pricey but healthy. I ordered the Club which had sliced turkey, with lettuce, tomato, nice thick piece of bacon, provolone cheese and pesto. Big sandwich and really good. Tasty good. It also comes with a side salad. Thy serve this on a small pizza tray with paper on top. Seems like all the sandwiches comes with a side salad. I had the Slim Squeeze drink. Don't remember what was in it but a bunch of fruit. It didn't look very good but tasted pretty good for a healthy drink. Enjoyed the meal but just sitting outside in front of University Ave with everyone else sets the atmosphere for a fun and enjoyable lunch. A little pricey for lunch. I paid $44 for three meals and three drinks.I think I'll probably be back when I'm I the ASU area. Healthy food. Good food. Good drinks. Enjoy.
5	Amazing food order the Moroccan sandwich give it a try. I like that all their food is natural and healthy so you never feel guilty eating any of the food options
2	I would not come back to this location. I came in on a Sunday morning and it was immediately apparent they were understaffed. The cashier had no idea how to ring up the 15% checkin discount so we missed out on that completely. She also didn't seem interested in offering any kind of coupon. You could tell she was too frazzled to care. It took them 45 minutes to make a latte. We were already done with our meal and then had to wait an extra ten minutes for our drinks. The food was just ok. I had a balanced bowl with potato hash. The dish was so dry it was hard to chew. Nothing memorable here.
3	Wanted to try this location as I work closer to the Tempe location than the Scottsdale location. When we got there it was quite busy but they moved thru the line pretty quickly. My girlfriend and I each ordered and found a table outside to wait for our food.She ordred the tuna salad w/lemonade and I had the beet salad w/ice tea. After about 5 minutes her sandwich came out and 15 minutes later my salad came out. She was almost finished with her food by the time my salad came out. I also noticed the two girls that shared a picnic table outside with us this was their same problem as well. I wasn't too happy that there was such a drastic time difference in the ticket times for getting our lunch. While the salad was good and I will get again I feel they need to work on getting the food out together so people can actually eat together.
5	Healthy, clean and hand crafted. Some of my favorite qualities in a restaurant. Fresh juice that fill you with go energy. Excellent coffees and I suppose a moving trend, they offer almond milk for those who have switched from dairy. Not only do I recommend this as an early morning stop, I'm stopping in this afternoon for a caffeine pick me up.
3	Pricey, but nice. Its got hipster-y food (read: kale and quinoa) and a fairly nice ambiance. The employees here always seem irritated, but maybe that's just because I go at peak times.
5	Delicious food, great service, great prices! Favorite salad is the Waldorf salad. I also really enjoy their protein shakes, great after a workout. Location is very convenient for most ASU students but if you're coming from out of town, it's a great place to stop!
3	Love the food--kale cleanse is my favorite and the substitutes are limitless (tofu, almond milk for lattes, etc). But the staff are always grumpy, very unhelpful, and the food takes a solid 30 min to be ready; good thing there's bocce, corn hole, and chess. Try calling it in for take out if you're in a rush.
4	This shop is a very welcome addition to the Mill Ave area.  It has great food and the staff was friendly.  There's no question Mill suffers from a college-selected lack of healthy options, and this place seems to be ideal to fill that need.  It is slightly more than I usually would like to pay for a lunch, but by no means exorbitant, and my desire to see such a business succeed outweighs my trepidation at spending 7 or 8 dollars for a salad (sizable though it is).The only things that keep me from giving it a five star is the poor layout of the interior and exterior made navigating exceedingly awkward.  The line for the counter seemed to weave between the tables, and potential space outside was used for a giant chess board and corn hole area.  While fun, I think the space could have been set up better to serve the customers who want food, rather than play novelty chess.That said, I am sure to be back.
5	Holy wowza - deliciousness, and incredibly healthy too. Had the veggie salad with some grilled tofu added and couldn't have been happier. Fresh veggies - where do they get them??? A nice red wine vinaigrette lightly tossed about. Hubby had the turkey sandwich and it was fresh as well. Bread was a bit dry but the sammy fixin's helped with that. Service is quick and there is seating indoors and out. Busy busy Sunday mid-day and I bet when school is in, this place is really hopping. Very welcome addition to the Mill Avenue/ASU area. YUM.
5	I love this place! I always make sure to eat there whenever I'm in town. Their juices are delicious. Their Acai bowls are excellent! The staff is always very friendly! I would recommend their tuna sandwich and vegetable hummus sandwich!
2	I am sure this place has great food, and it has kind of a cool, young vibe. I was a little overwhelmed by the menu, so I asked the woman taking my order what sandwiches were the most popular. She recommended two, and I picked the one that sounded better to me. Some sort of club sandwich, not a far cry from a sandwich I would typically order, so I knew I would like this type of meal.When the food came, the sandwich was extremely disappointing. The bread was so DRY. Not fresh or springy or anything good, it was dry and crumbly. I took about three bites, discovered that the rest of the ingredients followed suit with being disappointing. So, I brought it back up to the counter, and told the same woman who had taken my order that I did not like the food, that it was dry, and that I wanted to take it back. She was sweet and smart and called over another woman, Im guessing a supervisor or a manager, and explained the situation. This supervisor woman clarified that I "just didn't like it" and told me that they would not be replacing my meal with something else. I said fine and just asked for a refund, which she unhappily gave me.The thing that irks me is that they weren't willing to give me something else. So, I leave this place hungry and with a bad food experience. What incentive does this give me to go back? From the experience I had, I didn't like the food or the customer service. Not to mention, the sandwich alone cost 8 bucks. If I can go to Sprouts and get a bomb ass sandwich for $3.50, I want an 8 dollar sandwich to blow my socks off, not be a total disappointment.
3	I had the chicken protein plate which was flavorful. The vegetables were a bit soggy and not freshly roasted. Chicken was nicely prepared. The sweet potato hash saved the day. The table layout was a bit odd and process for ordering awkward. They need a bit of logistics with their design.
4	Had the Danish salad with shrimp. So delicious and fresh. Green peach iced tea was good. My friend order the same salad but they forgot to put the dressing on, which is the reason for the 4 stars. Get an Arnold Palmer with their fresh brewed iced tea and lemonade. Nice atmosphere and good prices too. I'll be back!
5	The decor was nice and quaint. Some of the tables were a bit cramped.. But the booth was just fine. I got a beet salad with chicken. It was perfect. I also had tropicale.. Which was also a yummy juice. I will continue to come here
4	I ordered the shrimp protein bowl with quinoa instead of the rice. It was good, had a red chili flavor and lots of vegetables. I added sriracha but it would've been better with more sauce.
5	Delicious and fresh food along with knowledgable and friendly staff. Small location but nicely designed and worth it sit and enjoy a salad and fabulous beverage.
4	I hope my last review wasn't too harsh. It was intended to be honest. And the fact is the Tempe location has straightened up a bit. Plus, I've had good experiences at the new Chandler location and the Old Town Scottsdale location. Did I ever mention how much I seriously love their food?! I'm recently addicted to the Acai Bowl. Yum!
5	This place is amazing! I love coming here after my classes on Fridays. It's a very nice location next to ASU and the food is delicious. It's a healthy atmosphere and menu. Their juices are to die for! It is not too pricey but not that cheap either. Sit on the patio, enjoy your juice and play a quick jumbo chess game. Happy eatings!
5	This place fits a few different moods.Salads are happy to live here. They do good work on them.I got a moraccan sandwich because I asked for something "with yogurt in it", and I was given an immediate suggestion. Try the PB&J protein shake and one of the greens juices for " dessert " (there are at least two great recipes, but you may build your own) or...There's always fresh pastries!
4	If I can admit my own ignorance, this place is not too far from my house and I have wanted to go for some time but i assumed they had no parking. Well, my friend visiting from New Mexico for some local certification courses wanted a smoothie for breakfast so we drove over (because they open early, 7 am, even on a Saturday) and lo and behold, they not only have parking but a boccie ball court that you can play on when the weather is nice, and the decor and set up is quite nice - sort of an east coast theme that was clean and sets one at ease. As I was off to my monthly beer brewing session (white IPA today) and my friend was going to her training course, we got protein smoothies and breakfast burritos to go. I had the one with peanut butter, chocolate, and a shot of espresso (just ask), and it was wonderful, refreshing, and it does indeed wake one up. The to-go box is well fashioned and they have a house made salsa (which I wish was hotter, I'll have to ask next time). I had the veggie breakfast burrito and for some reason it was a bit on the sweet side for me so I didn't like it as much as the smoothie (which I'm sure I'll get again, and again, and again). All I can say, is that I'm happy to have a place to close that serves healthy, organic foods and after trying a few more dishes, this might go up to five starts. All I know is that I will definitely check it out again and it will probably be my go-to place for an early Saturday morning breakfast before starting my weekend activity list. Oh, did I mention they also have local craft brew on tap? A definite plus in my book so if nothing else, stop by, have a cold one and enjoy the vibe, it's a good one! :-)
5	Went to Chop Shop after boot camp class last night, particularly for one their Juices, I ordered the Power Green juice and it was awesome, as usual. I also ended up ordering the Raw Vegetable Salad with chicken. It was my first time ordering it and it didn't disappoint! The portion was bigger than I was expecting and the Red Wine Vinaigrette added the perfect amount of flavor. Would definitely get it again! Staff was really friendly and prompt in taking my order. Only con is parking.
5	I had an awesome breakfast when I went to meet my boss. Also I had an American Salad. I just loved it! Healthy and great to fill my hungry stomach.
4	My gal friend and I came here for lunch and left with very happy tummies! We saw a lot of our friends check in here and we wanted to see what all the hype was about! I ordered the beef bowl and my friend ordered the shrimp bowl. I was not happy with the bland taste of the beef. I was surprised that I ordered it and it came out about 3 seconds later. The rice was a bit crunchy still, I don't think it was cooked all the way. The shrimp bowl on the other hand was spectacular! It was a mild chile taste to it that have it so much flavor! I asked if they could make me a shrimp bowl instead and they were happy to. I was very satisfied with my meal. I just would not get the beef bowl again. I would recommend this place to a friend!
3	This was my second time to ChopShop. First time was for juice, while I was on a juice fast. Their drink combinations and build your own juices are well rounded with lots of options - but the juices are REALLY expensive, even compared to other juice places in the area. My juice was a bit disappointing as it was approximately 1/3 foam, which even I have the technology to skim off at home. In a sense the juice just became 33% more expensive. My second time, we ordered food and tea/coffee. The tea exceeded expectations for any restaurant, great choices, variety, and well brewed. Tea house snobs might turn up their nose, but they need to get over themselves. I ordered a toddy (cold brew coffee) and they informed me they were out and began explaining the 24hr brewing process. As a fellow toddy brewer, I fully understand the issue and happily switched to the recommended iced americano. Again, expectations were exceeded, well brewed, rich flavor, over all a great cup, only surpassed by local roasters in the area. There is no shame in being a restaurant that is 2nd to local roaster, at all. For food we ordered the Moroccan Turkey and Grilled Tri-Tip sandwiches on gluten free wraps. I don't eat gluten free, but my companion does, and we planned on sharing. Side note: gluten free wrap itself was surprisingly good! Of the two sandwiches, Tri-Tip was the star of the show, but it was missing something. I'm thinking rosemary, but try it and see for yourself. The Moroccan Turkey was disappointing. As a turkey sandwhich, it was fine. Other than grapes, I must have  missed the Moroccan piece. I felt there was nothing Moroccan about it, and I've purused Moroccan cookbooks, they aren't know for blandness. Apparently there were roasted red peppers in it, but I couldn't tell. Lastly,  maybe the spices are in the yogurt sauce, but again, I couldn't tell there was a yogurt sauce on it. I kind of feel like it was a glorified turkey avocado gluten free wrap, with grapes. Overall, this is a solid 3 star place with potential for greatness.
4	If you're looking for a fresh, healthy lunch, ChopShop is a great place! I've been to this location on multiple occasions, and it's consistently great. The outdoor seating area is really nice as long as it's not too hot, but you should plan to get their early or you may wait for a spot. The line tends to be pretty long, so call ahead if you're looking for something quick to go. The Danish salad and club sandwich are my usual choices, but I've heard that pretty much everything on the menu is good. Make sure you grab a drink with your lunch -- they have tasty lemonade and juices.
4	I love this place! Healthy, delicious, reasonably priced food. There is free parking behind the building too. I don't care too much for the sweet potato hash but everything else I've had is amazing. The beet salad is perfection.
5	Chop is hot if your looking for something delicious to hit the spot. Today My tastes buds thanked me without my tummy wanting to choke me! This is the perfect place to get a pre/post gym meal. Service-cool, kind, friendlyFood -Super filling, and really really delicious!I had the protein bowl no chicken, with forbidden rice and teriyaki sauce.  LOVE! IT WAS LOVE!  also the hydrators are a must! I had pineapple with lemon  YUMM! All I could taste was pineapple and it was great! Price -my sister paid.... Thank PBOTTAM LINE! This place is just great, I will defiantly be visiting often to try more meals in the near future!
5	So I love ChopShop in Scottsdale so naturally I had to try the Tempe one. First off the Tempe has a lot better set up in my opinion. It's an old house right on ASU campus with a giant patio with games and a fireplace. They have a "life size chess" outside which is favorite part. So I always get the beach bum protein shake when I'm there but I switched it up and got the jacked up PB + J. It's basically taste just like strawberry and peanut butter. It's good but not sure if I would order it again. For my meal I got the chicken protein bowl. If your like me, I try to eat healthy but if it doesn't taste good I won't eat it... This is why ChopShop is always so packed. It's healthier cuisine that is amazing. My chicken bowl is just veggies, chicken, and rice. (I switch out the rice for sweet photo hash). If your in Tempe or Scottsdale this is the perfect lunch spot
3	I seriously love ChopShop, but I really suggest if you want a good experience and good food, you should go to the one in Chandler. I ordered a Green Glory and they came out brown and purple rather than green and yellow. I was blown away when I asked the employee why it looked like that and she said, "it always looks like that." I am speechless! I had one yesterday from chopshop and it was GREEN, why call it the Green Glory if it is going to come out brown and purple? call it the Brown Disappointment. ****** LOOK AT THE PHOTOS AND LOOK AT MY GREEN GLORY COMPARED TO SOMEONE ELSES! Also, I ordered THREE parfaits. It took three employees to make them, they under filled all parfaits, it took 30-40 minutes for them to finish, they wanted to know if I could take them without lids because they don't have any that fit, AND the presentation was TERRIBLE. If I had pictures of the exact same products from the ChopShop in Chandler to show the difference, I would, it is unbelievable!Talked to the manager and she is incredibly understanding and I really appreciated her.
4	Cold and refreshing juices (the Green Glory is spicy yet hydrating) and the sandwiches are perfect for lunch (I had the chicken -Kale and loved it).
3	Food and customer service is good. The pitaya bowl is amazing and better than the one they serve at Nektar.  The only issue I had was when I went it was around 9:45 am and the entire floor was dirty. It was so sticky my shoes were sticking to the floor and coming off when I stepped in whatever was on the floor.
4	We stopped in yesterday for dinner before our show at ASU Gammage.  Great laid back atmosphere, friendly staff and fresh, tasty food!  I enjoyed the chicken and prosciutto sandwich with fontina, arugula, fig and dijon - absolutely delicious!
4	The mood here, or more specifically the mood that this place fosters is its greatest feature.  It possesses an originality and genuineness that is rare.  It's "a small, modest, European-style restaurant" that has a big city growing up around it, it's obviously adapting to it's circumstances though but it has avoided becoming generic.  The menu items are entirely defined by one or more of the following:  organic, fresh/local, health conscience, and unprocessed.  Their lemonade is perhaps the best I've ever had, and I've only ever had a better Tri-tip sandwich in Austin TX.  The staff are willing to customize nearly anything on the menu for you which I great for people with allergies or sensitives.  Chop Shop isn't without it's faults though which are a product of its virtues; the line to order is insufferable from 11-2, the wait time for food is consistently inconsistent, the seating is terribly uncomfortable and equally scarce, and if you're there for a beer or any drink you have no option but to wait in the unreasonably long line to get it.  Four stars is perhaps insufficient but five is quite deserved (yet).  Regardless, I'm very happy this place exists and I'm a regular.  #favoriterestaurantintempe
4	Stupendous place with genuinely good, healthy food. I love sitting outside - it's got a good backyard feel. You can't go wrong with a protein bowl and you have to splurge on one of their fresh pressed juices at least once. *they're only busy on weekdays at lunch but the line moves pretty fast.
5	Love this place! Every time I go I try something new and have yet to be disappointed. They have a great kale salad as well as awesome power bowls that you and customize. Their fresh squeeze lemonades are my personal favorite and everything is reasonably priced.
1	In order to be a kinder and gentler reviewer in these days of rampant nastiness on all social media, my review of last night's attempt at dinner at The Chop Shop will be short and devoid of the spit and vitriol that's so in vogue today. Clean, hip and relaxed. Very, very relaxed. So relaxed in fact that the only order taker spent the better part of 10 minutes on the first 2 in line. They must have been ordering take out for the gang back at the fraternity house. But nay.. I heard one of their totals @ $5.93! The gal taking the order seemed nice enough, pleasant and certainly relaxed as were 3 other guys working there, milling around. Not sure what milling around really means but they were definitely good at it. After the nearly 10 minute wait the line had whittled down to 8ish. Mathematically I envisioned 30-45 minutes just to place our order. Who's got that kind of time? You do the math! If I had more time I'd still find it hard to reward them with my business. Needless to say we left to patronize another of the 1000 dining choices there are in Tempe. I'm sure my experience was an anomaly. So many good reviews from happy patrons, I wish I could say I was one of them. PS I thought I said this was gonna be a short review..
5	Excellent service and food takes exceptional. Great healthy options and a great take on a variety of dishes. Fun seating and great outdoor area.
5	I enjoy the shrimp protein bowl with the forbidden rice, they have THE best sangria that I have ever had-- the red is delicious but I'm a sucker for the white sangria. Amazing atmosphere, a great place to catch your zen.
5	This was a great experience having all natural at the right price! You will feel live again!!
4	I really like the atmosphere, especially the outdoor patio. The dishes are interesting and allow for lots of customization, but some of the ingredients overlap too much. It was very busy when we arrived and it Took quite some time to place our order. The food came out pretty quickly though. I got a rap that was very tasty. I didn't really understand the salad that came with it. It just felt like a pile of leaves on the plate.
4	This is healthy food done right. I like the protein bowl (hideous name, wonderful taste). The price seems high but I'm a big dude and was full only halfway through the meal so it was well worth it. The juices are good but overpriced in my opinion. Great service, awesome patio for when it's not 120 degrees outside.
4	Our work ordered Chop Shop for our retreat today.  I had the thai rice bowl and it was amazing!  We had a variety of wraps, rice bowls and salads and everyone loved their lunch.  They cater to healthy diets and gulten free.  I look forward to going to have lunch there soon!
2	Been here two times now. I think the service is good and the establishment is clean but the food is mediocre at best.
3	Food is good BUT THE SERVICE, BOTH IN THE STORE AND OVER THE PHONE, IS SO AWFUL! I have repeatedly been put on hold for 20 minutes and have decided to go elsewhere for lunch. You guys need to hire more people!!!
5	So excited to have a good healthy place by campus!!!! I had the tri tip bowl with sweet potato hash-- it was huge! It was great, although the sweet potato hash was a little dissappointing-- undercooked, maybe. I could have done with less oil too. But altogether this place is great!! It's fast, you can order to go, there is plenty of seating even if you're alone (bars and stools, couches) and they have tons of gluten-free options like cookies and WRAPS! Which I will definitely be coming back for.
2	It hurts me to give this place a bad review. The food is amazing! But this was my second time with awful customer service from the same worker and I can't let it slide. The first time we all got our wonderful meals but one if the orders was wrong. Usually that doesn't matter, but the guy was 100% unapologetic and didn't offer to fix it.  We gave it a second shot because goodness gracious the food rocks. But this time the same guy took our order and I very clearly pointed at something on the gluten free menu and said I wanted it with the gluten free sauce. My boyfriend got a similar dish. He brought them out, both wrong, and I ate half of one before realizing it wasnt what I ordered so I went up to the front to make sure what I was eating was in fact gluten free. Turns out it wasn't. I told him what I had ordered and he ARGUED with me! What? He told me I was wrong and didn't offer one word of apology or even sympathy. Even if the customer is wrong, you have to be polite. Especially if they have a food allergy and expressed that to you when ordering. I hate to abandon this place, but that guy was awful to us twice. Wont be back until this dude is gone.
3	Love the food--kale cleanse is my favorite and the substitutes are limitless (tofu, almond milk for lattes, etc). But the staff are always grumpy, very unhelpful, and the food takes a solid 30 min to be ready; good thing there's bocce, corn hole, and chess. Try calling it in for take out if you're in a rush.
5	Definitely a 5 star fast-casual restaurant! This place is located right next to ASU campus and it's the perfect spot to meet with a friend over lunch! My favorites on the menu include the Jacked Up PB&J Smoothie and the Moroccan Turkey Sandwich with a side of Sweet Potato Hash!Chopshop also has Open Mic nights every Wednesday, which I highly recommend!
5	Was very happy with the food I got there. Was able to select from several healthy options at reasonable price. Flavors where good and you could taste the quality in the ingredients.  Eating on campus can be nuisance because of lack of parking. They have a ton of parking in the back which you can access through the alley. I would like to offer some constructive feedback. I wanted to get a smoothie to finish off my dinner but their menu offers fresh squeezed juices and protein shakes with some great ingredients but no smoothies. It seems like you have all the ingredients for a great smoothie bar. I got the beef option; the  tri-tip. It is a good piece of meat but it needs to be cut properly to get optimal tenderness and quality.  Teach the kitchen how to handle this meat properly and you'll be amazed . Great job though. I love supporting quality locally run businesses!
3	Best place to get healthy food near campus. I usually get the tri tip protein bowl but I occasionally get the tri tip sandwich. Both are great. I have also had some of the protein smoothies which are also good. The ambiance of the restaurant is laid back and relaxed. Unfortunately this laid back mentality caries over to the service. It is a hit or miss if you get your food quickly. I'm a regular here but it's tough waiting on my food 20 minutes almost every time I come in.
2	Popped in for a mocha and it took 15 minutes.. No other drinks were being made and 2 other employees were milling about doing nothing. Hurry up!
2	I was really excited to try this place as I wanted a natural drink and lunch. I asked the guy at the counter what he would recommend drink wise since I wasn't very familiar with the drink menu and I said I will try his suggestion abs get it in a medium size, then for my food I also placed an order. I went to take a seat and saw how several to people who were treated very friendly like regulars come in order and leave. I waited so long and finally asked the guy who took my order if he knew anything about my drink order. Turns out her forgot and asked me for my drink order again. So he charged me but didn't put in the order. I was so hungry, thirsty but didn't say anything. He called me to get my drink. I drank it went back to my table and after waiting for 25 total got my food which I had to drink with water since the juice was drank way before that. I go to so any places and restaurants maybe I was expecting too much who knows. Bad customer service and so so product. I will not return no matter how modern or hipster this place is.
5	Great place to go for a good healthy fix.  Our friends recommended this place and we were skeptical at first.. but the American salad and protein bowl has won us over.  I prefer the tri tip over the chicken.  They also have pressed juices, my fav is the slim squeeze! Warning: very sour which I like but might not be your taste.  A great place for some healthy good food
5	Best food in the area. I feel healthy eating here. I'm working my way through the menu. Always good alternative music playing. Live shows from time to time. Staff is always friendly and talkative. They have recommended me gems that haven't disappointed. I go for protein bowls with sweet potatoes usually. When I'm feeling froggy and want a treat the fruit bowls can't be beat. Wish there was a little more shrimp but I get it.
5	Love this place - try the tri-tip salad and a comfy chair under a tree. The custom drinks are fantastic, too.
4	Chop Shop was unique and chill. Ambiance is low key with stringed lights and an outside seating area. Service was good and very quick. They also have a giant chess game, Corn Hole and Bocci Ball.
4	The service was great, food healthy and delicious, yet affordable, the outside patio charming. If I could take a restaurant home with me, this would be my choice!
4	Chop Shop was unique and chill. Ambiance is low key with stringed lights and an outside seating area. Service was good and very quick. They also have a giant chess game, Corn Hole and Bocci Ball.
5	I love this place! Healthy food and fun ambiance. The watermelon black tea is delicious and the shrimp protein bowl with brown rice is my go to!
4	Love the BBQChicken salad. Try it as a wrap. The stevia lemonade is also very good. Nice patio and grass yard atmosphere.
4	Great place for a healthy, reasonably priced meal. The tri-tip protein bowl with forbidden rice was tasty as well as filling. Staff was friendly and offered great advice when answering questions about menu items.
