4	Very nice cuisine. Casual atmosphere, but first rate creative, scratch made quality dishes. Their plates can stand right along side an expensive white table cloth restaurants offerings. Super personable staff, that is genuinely interested in your pleasant dining experience. It's more than just-a-job to all of the staff.......  This is an additional restaurant to the highly rated Crust Pizza & Wine Cafe in Scottsdale. They have nailed this one as well.
1	#FAIL #DeathOfTheAmericanDreamCan't tell you how irritating it is to me to see a grand opening and nobody on quality control.Cheese and ingredients were unmelted and cold atop a crust that was cool in the center. The thin crust was cooked all the way through but the ingredients were gloppy and unpleasant. I complained, no offer was made to refund us for our troubles.This appears to be another location for Crust Pizza & Wine, which has some pretty good reviews. Perhaps I should stop holding Scottsdale pizza to NY standards. More likely: somebody from corporate needs to check up on the new location.
4	Great small pizza place love their crust. Makes sense that that's what their  best at. Love their Launch slice special. 4.95 for 2 slices and a drink. Greatfriendly staff. It truly is a one stop place for italian cuisine.
4	I've been to this location 3 times already. They are always very nice and accommodating.  This one is closer to my home, so even though the menu is a little smaller, it doesn't matter as long as I can have my original rustica.   I love that pizza, it is the perfect crust with delicious creamy mozzarella and the right amount of tomato sauce.  I had a glass of the Malbec last time and it paired really nice with the pizza.  My husband had the soup of the day and it was really good.  Hearty and a little spicy, he was glad he ordered the bowl instead of a cup. I recommend this place to my mom's night out group.
5	I loved this place!  My Dh and I went there on friday night looking for decent pizza.  We arrived at 6:05pm and the server informed us that there was 25 minutes left of Happy Hour!  Woo Hoo.  Half price wine, beer, mixed drinks AND appetizers!  I ordered TWO glasses of wine and he let me get the HH price, which was cool.We ordered the full pie - Grandpa's special which was sausage, peppers and onion perfection. We were surprised when the server brought out HALF a pizza.  We wondered if the economy troubles had now reduced pizza to half a pie, but not to worry.  The remaining half stayed piping hot in the kitchen! The pizza was huge and delicious. We ended up taking the other half home and the way they package it for you is nothing short of perfect. We just had the other half for dinner after 10 min on the pizza stone and I cant believe how good it was.Service - perfect. Ambiance - OK. Full bar - SWEET. Pizza - fabulous!
4	Service is slow but pizza is amazing and the little John is fantastic
2	The pizza has always been pretty good here. However, we had an AWFUL experience with customer service. Unfortunately, they have now lost our business.
5	Crust is great!  Lots of vegetarian choices, and the pizza is really good.  My wife and I had the thin crust hand tossed pizza.  It's shaped like a bicycle seat - not your traditional pizza.  The sauce is peppery and sweet at the same time - really unique and tasty.  I was a bit bummed out by the beer selection which I was told were the basic Miller, Coors, Peroni and Moretti - which seems to be all the same weak lager.  Then another waiter told me to try the darker Moretti - it was great!  All served in an iced glass.  I wish the first guy would have known about that one when I asked if they had any darker beers.  Decent TV's and a nice enough atmosphere.  I wish they had blinds or something to make me forget the fact that I was sitting on the corner of Tatum & Bell in a strip mall, but I can overlook that.  Very attentive and pleasant staff.  We'll definitely go back and it's really close to our house also.
4	I was in a bit of a rush when I went here, so I didn't get the full experience.  Still, it's a cozy shop that's very inviting with quick, friendly service and good food.  I had a cheese calzone (wasn't sure if a pizza would arrive quickly enough, but now I'm curious) that was cooked perfectly, with its cheesy, saucy guts spilling all over the plate quite deliciously.  Also got to try the fettuccine alfredo, which had a surprisingly light yet enjoyable sauce, and the chicken parmesan, which was quite tasty.Had I had time to grab a drink, appetizer or dessert, maybe I could have formulated a more well-rounded review.  Guess I'll have to do that next time.
4	I bought a coupon from LocalDines for Crust and after reading the reviews I thought I'd give it a try. I went with my bf and we started with the Caprese salad (full $7.95) It was good, but not your regular caprese salad, it was on a bed of lettuce and served in a bread bowl. Not that much caprese cheese tho :( and very thinly sliced. We ordered two of the rustico's since that is what they are known for. The Original Rustica - marinated tomatoes, fresh mozzarella & basil ($ 8; see picture) and The Palermo - fresh spinach, marinated tomatos, mushrooms, fresh mozzarella and EVOO ($8.50; see picture). They were both really good, thin crust so they are quite light for the size of them. The waitress informed us that we hadn't spent up to the $30 on our coupon (which was super nice of her) and offered 3 cannoli's to make it $30. SUPER good, this was my favorite part of the restaurant, fresh baked cannolis YUM! We would go back if we were in the area but nothing super super special -- i still like upper crust better :)
2	Blech. I had a coupon in the mail for a free pizza rustico, so my husband and I tried this place one night. I ended up getting one of the thin crust pizzas, and it was awful. My husband got the baked ziti, and there was virtually no sauce on it, so it was very dry and bland. The service was also pretty poor. We did get the pizza rustico to go, however, and when I heated it up later was pretty pleased with it. But I think that might be the only good thing on the menu.
5	Just finished my first "Crust" pizza.  Holy Moly!!! Good stuff.  I'm very impressed as I don't think there are a lot of good pizza joints in Phoenix.  Give it a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I rarely give five stars but I can honestly say I would like to take the fra diavolo sauce and smear it on my face like some Italian war paint. That sounds totally weird but it's that good.We've been here twice and the meatball sliders are to die for. Soft, flavorful and a whole side of that fra diavolo sauce. Can I go back to the sauce? I ate the remaining sauce that we got on the side as if it were soup. It is so fresh. I could literally taste the fresh chopped parsley. Perfect consistency, too.We also got the eggplant rollatini. The crust is so flavorful and the eggplant was cooked nicely and just thin enough. We split a bottle of the Hey Mambo wine which was half off and so just $14. Our whole dinner came to 35 bucks including tax and tip. We may do this every Monday just because it's too good not too. Yes, the service is slow but they make everything fresh and it's worth it. One lady got so mad and left becuase it had been a half hour and she still had no food. If you want great food and good ambiance, come here. If you want a meal in less than 14 minutes, go to freakin' Applebees. Have a bottle of wine and relax. Trust me. The only way it could be better would be if it were a little bigger and had a couch that I could take a nap on in between courses. Pretty please, could you get that?
5	I am from NY and I stand by the food here at Crust. Being from NYC I know good pizza and they are awesome. Also a 20" for $10 carry out. What a deal. They are the best place around. So all the haters that wanna complain... go to olive garden then. Nobody needs you at crust. I go there every week and it is awesome. Keep it up. Friendly staff, good food, cozy joint. Must visit.     - D from NYC
5	I went on there one year Anniversary and the food is very good. I would highly recommend there pizza or anything on the menu and the staff is very polite.
4	Really, really different.  In a good way.  Took my 12-year-old here after a soccer match and we both loved it. She had the Pizza Rustica with meat, but with the shredded mozzarella.  Wolfed down the whole thing and said, "we are definitely coming back here".  I loved my Pizza Rustica, which came with fresh mozzarella, marinated tomatoes and fresh basil.  Rich flavorful sauce with lots of herbs.  A crust that marries crispness and softness.  As good as any basic pizza I've had here in the Valley (up there with Humble Pie and Pizzeria Bianco).  Five star food.  Service was solid, if unspectacular.  Disappointed in the beer selection -- no pale ales or IPAs, nothing on tap.  To-go packaging was bizarre; basically placed the leftover slices on a stack of 3 paper plates and stuffed it in a (open) bag.  Huh?
5	Small, cozy location with good selections. Ask for Jackie to wait upon your table, we been here several times and had a few hiccups, but I seem to keep returning because I do like the service & food
4	Food was very good, nothing new, just prepared very well. Good price for the amount of food. The wait staff seemed they could not be happier, must be into the wine, just kidding. One slight problem that other people noticed, being loud in the room and our party was causing it. We were in the corner of the glass windows and sound reflected well from there. Need some low slung drapes there. This place will become a regular stop.
4	My favorite things about this place are their baked mac & cheese, wine and their canolies. I should really try more things, but I'm pretty sure you'll be pleased with anything you have here.Great for dining in or takeout.
5	Great Food, Great Service and Great prices!!!Cozy environment with good music playing throughout the night!  Service was exceptional - all staff very polite and attentive.Garlic knots were exceptional - both the knots and the sauce!  Meatball sliders melt in your mouth and Peanut butter dessert was delicious too!  Forgot the name but only one with peanut butter.  Everything we had was delish but these items really stuck out.Give them a try I don't think you'll be disappointed.
1	After our second visit I feel obligated to share my thoughts with anyone from the East coast.  On both occasions the cook (not chef) overcooked even the veal, burnt edges?   The pizza  (both kinds) was the worst I've had in the 35 years of eating the valley's offerings.  Greasy, flopping, wet and burnt, and they have the balls to name this place Crust!   If the owners ever read this stuff they should pay attention to their Tatum & Bell location.  The wait staff was fantastic, the cook should seek other employment opportunities, maybe landscaping.  Or at very least send him to N.Y. to try an example of what he is trying to do!   Calamari was left in the fryer so long it was like eating a light bulb, they did correct it but the harm was done.  NEVER AGAIN.  You all have been warned,  good luck.
2	I found the food and especially the service disappointing.  Arrived at Crust at 5:45 on a Tuesday, seated ourselves, and waited 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged us or brought menus.  Another 10 minutes passed before the server returned to take our beverage order.  After placing our order, my salad arrived in timely fashion, but the glass of wine still had not arrived.  The server scurried to bring it, and it arrived in a glass that appeared dirty--spotted, sticky, with drops of food crusted on the outside.  The server was very courteous but constantly seemed overwhelmed by the large number of tables he was attending.The spinach salad with fresh strawberries and mushrooms proved pretty tasty and generous in (enough for two people, though it was the small size).  The NY style pizza (which actually is a half pizza with 4 large slices, though the menu describes it as a 20 inch round) was okay, though the sauce was lacking in flavor, and the crust was soggy.  I would not come here again--too many superior similar options, including Mellow Mushroom, Humble Pie, Amaro Pizza and Vino, and Upper Crust Pizza and Wine Bar.
4	Yum. Almost perfection.Intimate, cozy, relaxed atmosphere.I started with the dirty martini which was very tasty and expertly mixed.My husband, who is currently on a low carb diet, has a choice of a salad with chicken or the grilled chicken entree. He chose the Greek salad with chicken. He was craving carbs real bad so imagine the mixture of delight and sadness when his salad came in a huge bread bowl. He caved and had some of the bread bowl which I tasted. It was really good-  herbed and buttery. I had a small house salad and the eggplant rollatini. The salad was nothing extraordinary. Very basic. But the eggplant rollatini... OMG. Eyes rolling to the back of my head good. Perfect dough... crispy on the outside, brushed with butter and garlic. Filled with breaded eggplant that melted in my mouth. Lots of delicious cheese. And the marinara sauce it comes with may be my favorite marinara sauce in Phoenix. And that's a big deal. The serving size was huge. I could only finish half.Service was good. Started out a bit slow, probably because they were very busy. But they caught up and were very attentive.We will definitely be back... I am fantasizing about the rollatini right now as I type...
5	This was the best lunch I have ever had. We ordered this at 1100am and were able to pick up by 1120am! The food was fantastic! I got the Eggplant Rollatini, wasn't sure just what I would be getting, but it was A LOT better than I imagined. Eggplant, fresh basil, fresh mozzarella wrapped in  delicious dough! The pizza was to die for and the calazones were perfect. Great bang for your buck! I got 2 lunches from $8 and was satisfied both days.
4	Small but very nice.  I had a calzone ... very good ... would come back again!
4	I very much enjoyed this pizza (we got it to go). Pepp pizza is at the base of my food pyramid, so let's just say, I know what I'm talking about. We got the thin crust version, which was a nice balance of crispy/chewy. Not too greasy, and the pepps satisfied. Would certainly return.
3	Cute, cozy, dare I say romantic little joint tucked away from the Tatum/Bell intersection.  Friendly, knowledgable servers, decent wine list, and solid, if not spectacular, food, too.
5	I moved to Scottsdale last year and ate here my first month in town.  I'v been back over a dozen times and eaten half a dozen different things and they are all amazing.  Their pizza (specifically the Grandpa's... a NY pie with Sausage, Pepper & Onion) is one of my top 3 favorite of all time!  If you like chicken parmesan then you're going to start loving chicken parmesan when you try theirs. The garlic knots are fantastically garlicky.  Even their salads (Greek AND Caesar) are really flavorful.  The portions are sizeable and even when you get their food to-go it tastes as great as in the restaurant.  (speaking of which, the North Phoenix Crust offers killer pizza deals on Sun and Mon)The staff is great. The restaurant (the one on Bell and Tatum) isn't huge but we've never had a problem getting a table without waiting.I really can't rave enough about this place.  If want to try someplace new where you can be sure you're going to get a great meal, this is it!
5	Great food, great service and a great atmosphere for a small quiet place.
3	Great service.  Didn't care for my pizza. Family loved theirs. Great cold draft beer
4	Nice place. Hidden in a strip mall next to Dunkin Donuts. East coast flair to the pizza. Rollatinis, Pizza Rusticas are excellent. Love the meatball sliders. House wine is quite nice, too. Really pleasant service.
4	I must admit.  Having lived in Italy and being from Chicago, it's been difficult to find a charming place to get good Italian food.  Noelle is probably one of the best bartender's/servers I've ever encountered, the food and wine is just the icing on the cake!  My boyfriend and I have made this our "local spot" for date night and would/have put the word out about this hidden gem in Phoenix.
5	My boss recommended we come here for a healthier pizza.  We were waited on by the owner's daughter, who was an absolute delight!  She knew her stuff!  Loved it!  We always go there now!  The canolis are tiny but delicious and the tiramisu always hits my sweet spot.  The rustica bianco is my favorite!  The garlic knots are a steal!  There are sooo many of them!  Add cheese to make them even more yummy!
5	I came across this restaurant by purchasing a deal-chicken for half off the meal. I would have never came into Crust without the deal; I had driven by it many times and had never even noticed it. They have a small outside patio, and an area inside with a bar. The staff is very friendly and helpful.The food is great. I had the eggplant rollatini and have gotten it there ever since. I have tried bites of various other dishes (all which have been delicious), but the eggplant rollatini is by far the best.I have recommended this place to friends and family and they have all enjoyed Crust just as much as I do. If you sign up for to receive their text messages they let you know about deals and happy hour specials. I am very happy that I found this restaurant after all the other deal-chicken fails. :]
5	Rustica is awesome. Love the whole wheat crust.
4	Tried this place last night.  It was great!  It is small and quaint.  Our waitress was perfect and the bus boy made sure our table was never overcrowded with empty plates.  The Original Rustica pizza was delicious.  The calamari was excellent and the stromboli was amazing.  On Mondays, they offer half-off bottles of wine.  Hoping to go every Monday!
5	We always sit on the patio when we go here because they are pet friendly and one of our dogs always comes with us.  They have fantastic customer service.  Their ice tea is the best I have tasted in town.  We love getting pizza by the slice or grabbing a zucchini appetizer.  Their salads are fantastic to.  We go here often!
2	Location is very small. Service has never been real great. Food was just so so. Not real exciting.
5	OK so this is my second review only because I was so impressed with the calzone! This was the tastiest calzone I have had. Two cheeses, the meat balls and sausage, oh and the marinara sauce. Order some extra you will want it and will not want to wait for it. I have now had there Rustica pizza, appetizers, chef specials that have all been great, but needed to tell you about the calzone. Enjoy
5	The pizza is fantastic!  Prices are reasonable.  And they have great customer service.  The young woman that runs the show, keeps the entire staff on their toes and shows great attention to detail.  Improved location and this place is unstoppable.
4	Wifey and daughter stopped by and picked up the Monday night 20" $10 pie. Really, really good, and no better value out there.
4	Had the little John pizza the first time there and it was excellent (if you love meat). Went back on a Sunday for the $9.99 20" thin crust. It was a little bland and the crust was softer than I like in a thin crust pizza but overall not bad. Stay away from the mozzarella appetizer, it's just deep fried frozen mozzarella triangles. Those could be improved.
5	Top notch service at normal prices!  Great food.  Patio is quite pleasant.  Big fan!!
3	Disregard the "get what you pay for ya'll" guy on the $10 pizza; he doesn't even know where the apostrophe goes in "y'all." The $10 pizza offered on Sundays is much better than any DiGiorno, the only problem with it is that it isn't actually 20 inches. I used to work at a place that had 20 inch pies and I remember having to fold the annoyingly big box. When I saw this box, I was skeptical of the size. When the wife and I got it home, we went anal and measured it. Sure enough, not 20". It was like 16" or 17"; that said, it's still a big pizza for $10- just not sure why they'd lie when you can measure the box and see it is 18" or whatever. Still, pizza was surprisingly tasty and plenty hot. Maybe try getting there to get your pizza on time, dude. Not sure why anyone would want a pie that's been sitting under a heat lamp, anyhow.
5	This place has great pizza! I really like their whole wheat crust as well.  It is a cute little place for a date. The wine is fantastic. The owners are really nice too.
5	I have never had better pizza in all of Phoenix!! I am from New York and this is as close as I can get (if not better) to pizza in NY. My friends and I have been regulars for two years and their quality has always been superb. We mostly go for the pizza because it truly has a unique taste that you won't find anywhere else, but once I ordered the meatball sub and wow! I was in heaven! There is nothing bad to say about this place I could go on for days about how their pizza is the BEST. And I know you won't disagree! They make their own homemade sauce too and you can buy it!
5	Definitely the best Pizza we have had in Phoenix!  This is a small cozy feeling restaurant with a great atmosphere.  We recently tried the house wine and it was excellent.  As a bonus their patio is dog friendly and we can bring one of our many dogs with us to enjoy dinner with!  I suggest you visit Crust soon!
5	Crust quickly became my favorite "go to" restaurant and I've shared with all my family and friends. Love the atmosphere, service and the FOOD! Have to admit the Tortellini alla Panna is my favorite, but I've enjoyed everything I've ordered! Doesn't get much better than a glass of my favorite wine (Clifford Bay Sauvignon Blanc) and Greek Salad on the patio!
5	Love it. Their eggplant parm and garlic knots are my addiction and my husband loves the rusticas.  I love that they give loads of unbreaded eggplant in a pizza crust, it is very unique and so delicious. They are small and tend to get busy, so be prepared.
5	Crust Pizza has become my favorite pizza!  I have had the Rusticas, the salads, the garlic knots, the meatballs, the wine and the beer and I have enjoyed everything there including the awesome customer service!  Keep it up Crust and I will be your devoted customer! ;)
5	This place is awesome for lunch or dinner! The garlic knots are so tasty and the homemade sauce is so good you will want to take some home! The dessert pizza is made with Nutella and absolutely delicious! I love this place :)
4	Crust has become my go to for pizza and that kind of Italian food. Closest to good NY pizza here in town, and I've been here for over 20 years. Thin and crispy crust, perfectly done. We usually do takeout, especially of a large pizza with eggplant. And it's almost the only eggplant my wife has ever liked - very soft and well done. Friendly service either in or pick up. Maybe tonight?
1	Worst rudest experience, we were treated  with distain,like we were a burden on them for asking for service or questions! walked out never would give them a second chance we were amazed!
5	Nice place to have lunch or dinner.  At lunch you can get two slices of cheese pizza and a soft drink for one low price extra toppings are available at extra cost.  Church the daily featured items.  You can get traditional sandwiches and pastas as well.  They also have a full bar.  You should also check out My Pie really good personal pizza made how you want it one at a time or have a salad.
5	Great pizza. Good atmosphere and wine specials. Always great service. The place is a small with outside seating as well. The little nicki is one of my favorites
5	I love this place for the good food and friendly staff. Their prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is very relaxed.
5	Great service, lots of awesome daily specials. On Sundays they have happy hour all day and special for 5 dollar rustics. Matt and justin are great servers! Super friendly and helpful!
5	This is a very charming restaurant and the pizza is really good plus they have very nice specials.  The service is always excellent and the wait staff always is very attentive.  Rigatoni with Italian sausage is a favorite....
4	Always great!  One of the best pizza crusts in the valley.  Nice happy hour specials too.  Also a big fan of their MyPie custom pizza place down the street.
5	I ordered take out last night at this restaurant.  I have not ordered from them in about 2 years since we had moved away for a while.  I remember thinking that I would really miss their food.  We ordered take out for new years eve for my family and we have a little one, 4 years old, and the food was unbelievable!  I don't know how they do it but that pepperoni rollatini and garlic knots are incredible would suggest this place to anyone.  The food is always great.  Thanks for making new years a little better and good luck in 2014!
5	Love this place and the people that work there. Great options for pizza and HUGE slices. Make sure you bring your appetite.
4	I live close by so I have been here several times dining in and take out. The salads are "meh", they are okay but over-priced. The pizza has always been good and we've tried them all. My favorite dish is the Mediterranean Chicken entree! Has been fantastic every time I have ordered it. I'm a big fan of Mondays as it is half off bottle of wine night.My biggest complaint would be the service. In all the times I have been there I have never had good service. It seems that they are never in a hurry to do anything no matter how busy the place gets.
4	This was my first visit to crust after living in the area for a little over a year.  My girlfriend and I are regulars at MyPie and we thought it was about time we tried out the other store in the family. We placed an order to go which included an order of garlic knots, penne pesto cream pasta with shrimp and the Mac and cheese with chicken and a cannoli to finish it off. The Mac and cheese with chicken was quite tasty.  Good flavor and the pasta was cooked perfectly.  It could use a little more sauce though and it seemed to harden in little clumps quite fast but it could be part of the fact it's a baked Mac and cheese.  Still delicious either way though.  The penne with pesto was the best thing of the night.  Seasoned perfect, and the pesto sauce was delicious.  Great all around dish.  The one disappointment were the garlic knots.  We have gotten the garlic knots at MyPie a few times and for some reason every time we order them they we are always hopeful they will be different but they are normally dry and just not what we are expecting.  Well we discovered they are the same garlic knots at crust.  It could just be a personal taste thing with the garlic knots because I know most people rave about them.  To each their own I suppose. Lastly the cannoli's were a great way to end the meal.  They are quite small though for 1.50 a piece.  We will have to try staying for dinner as the place looked quite quaint and had a great small Italian old school feel.  Definitely recommend this place for some great Italian food at regular joe prices.
5	This place has very good N.Y. style pizza. I like to stop here on a Friday night so I can have a drink at the bar and talk to the staff while I wait for take out pizza. This place boasts a 20 inch pie and has a few unique types of combinations on the menu.
5	What a great find close to my house  I just love the rustica pizza.  They even keep one half of the pizza in the oven to keep it warm as two normal sized people can't eat that much pizza. Plan on taking some home. @crust
5	I am absolutely obsessed with Crust. I stumbled upon this restaurant shortly after my fiance and I bought a house near by and it is the type of place you love to be a regular at! The prices are reasonable and the food is always so delicious!! I consider myself to be a foodie and nothing I've ever ordered on the menu has ever been less than spectacular! Apps, specials, pizzas, pastas, dessert, drinks, it all truly hits the spot. The service is always great and walking up to the shopping mall you wouldn't expect the adorable atmosphere on the inside. What a great little find!!
5	What can I say? Quality, consistency, service. Even asked tj to bake the pizza extra, and they added that to my phone profile. Usually here a couple of times a month.
4	Great place for authentic pies! We love this place for their $10 ginormous pizza on Mondays, just in time for football season. They also have single serve pizzas that are shaped strangely but oh do good! It's small and cozy big they do have seating outside with nice cool misters.  We love it.
5	Pizza here rocks. Their chicken Frances is fantastic. The housewine one of the best I've ever had. And I'm 100% Italian... you know what I mean!
5	OH MY GOSH!!! Amazing dinner. I never write reviews but just had to write my first one. Stopped in to Crust on Bell about 6pm. My first thought was that it was small and there were very few people. That's never a good sign. Then people started filing in. Just by what I saw it looks like their take-outs are their bread and butter. If so, that's a shame. We had a great waiter and their menu offered quite a lot. First we tried the garlic knots. You get about 10 good sized knots for about 4.50. They were spectacular. If you love garlic like we do, definitely try these. Then I had the special which was Filet and gorgonzola. Their meals are served on big blocks of wood. Which was really interesting. Anyway, my meal was so wonderful I think I dreamt about it all night! If I could, I would go back tonight. YUM!!! The filet was cooked perfectly. I got about 4 skewers of filet with gorgonzola sauce and fried mozzarella(sp). with arugula. (I didn't eat the salad) . My hubby got the rollotini and he was very happy with his. We will definitely be going back. And Crust, if you read this, please keep the filet and gorgonzola on your menu!!!!
5	We just moved into the area and spotted this Pizza shop at Tatum and Bell. Its more than just a pizza shop its a great place to get some good pizza or just a nice happy hour / dinner. Looking forward to returning fro some great dinner. Just ordered a groupon.......Fantastic.
4	This restaurant is off to the side of the main shopping strip plaza, and has a fun cafe feel with both indoor and outdoor (patio) seating. We headed in and took a table up front by the window. We hit them for the tail-end of happy hour and ordered some garlic knots from the food menu for just $3. There were a ton of knots on the plate, and the smell was amazing. Spaghetti and Meatballs on a pizza?! Intrigued by the very idea of combining two foods I love, I had to go with this menu option. My pizza came out exactly as outlined on the menu - spaghetti atop pizza! The pasta was cooked perfectly and the meatballs were plentiful. The crust on the pizza was cooked to be a good texture for picking up and eating, but not overwhelmingly crunchy or cardboard-like.  The portions here are definitely shareable. We both ordered our own plates, but could easily have just shared one, since we both only ate half our plates and boxed the remainder. Since we were both really full we opted to just get two small canolis at the end of the meal, and they were the perfect amount of dessert to satisfy the sweet-tooth without making life regretable.  Overall: AWould definitely head back here when craving some Italian goodness.
4	I tried this place last night with my wife and son. The personal pizzas are great. My picky son loved his. These are not your little pizzas - they are a meal. The Garlic knots were well seasoned and not too heavy.The sauce had little chunks of tomato and very tasty. I had the Chicken Marsala and it was great. The pasta was perfect and the chicken was not dry. We are definitely going back.
3	Great pizza-we had the meat rustica. Decent garlic knots and rigatoni pesto creamExcellent tortellini Alla pannaSo so on the Stromboli I like that there's a Rita's next door for a take out cold dessert to go home with your pizza.  I saw a sign hanging advertising $10 take out pizzas on Sundays and Mondays which is a great deal.
5	Service was great and pizza was even better!
3	I was searching for a place to take my friend who was visiting America from Azerbaijan. This place was located nearby and we thought we'd try it. We hadn't seen each other for 3 years so we sat and chatted for 3 hours. The waitress was nice and let us be, but the busboys kept asking us if we wanted a box for our food. I think they were trying to be attentive, not push us out. The food was just Okay. We ordered the Rustica pizza, which is an appetizer pizza shaped like a penis and balls. That was awkward and we dug in to offset the shape. We also had the garlic knots, which, again, were just Okay. The staff were mostly nice. They filmed the "ice bucket challenge" outside while we were there, which was neat to watch. Not sure if I'd go back, but it wasn't half bad either.
5	Wow! Fantastic food! Garlic knots & authentic marinara is wonderful. Had cheese calzone & Greek salad - everything was seasoned perfectly & flavors well-balanced. Extra points for using pitted Greek olives instead of leaving the pits in or - ugh! - black olives like some places. An extra-special treat was the cannoli - perfect sweet bite to finish off the meal. If you enjoy excellent Italian flavors definitely make this your next stop for a meal.
4	The four stars I'm giving Crust is for the pizza alone. I've been searching for good NY style pizza ever since I lived on the east coast for five years, and I haven't been able to find anything truly good in AZ until Crust. The pizza was probably the best I've had here. So for that, four stars! I would give five, but I've had 5 star NY style pizza and I don't think it actually exists in the southwest.If I had reviewed them on anything else, though, I probably would have given a much lower rating. The service - 1 star. The guy behind the counter was so unfriendly it was almost comical. My daughter also bashed her leg on a strange metal thing protruding from the gate as we walked in. She had a pretty nasty bruise and bloody scrape. They should really do something about this if they read this review. We also ordered a salad with our pizza and it was terrible. It came in a giant cold bread bowl. Lots of cold bread bowl, less salad. I really, really don't want my salad in a bread bowl. There was also a really foul tasting cheese on it, making it inedible. I can't remember the last time I threw a salad in the garbage, but this one made it in there after a few bites. Despite the negatives, I'm sure I will be heading back to Crust. I will simply order JUST the pizza, watch out for hazards on our way in, and brush off the unfriendliness. It's worth it for good pizza.
1	Sat outside , was given water and a menu and never heard from a waiter again. We waited 20 minutes before leaving.
5	I just moved and was looking for a pizza place to take my kids.  I found Crust and really enjoyed the pizza.  Finally a place outside of New York that calls the pizza a "Pie".   Great Pies...I will be back for more
5	Awesome food and great service! The stromboli was excellent, as was the meatball parmesan rollotini and the ceasar's salad. Highly recommend this place.
5	Crust is a small neighborhood pizzeria.  There are a lot of Chicago style pizza places and while this one is not one of them they have the best!  Crust's Sicilian style pizza is to die for.  Their crust (of course) is phenomenal.  The staff is so great that one time our friend said he loved the Mac n cheese so much he wished they made a pizza like it,  guess what they made it!  If you are sick of Oregano's and you have not been to Crust you have to try.
4	returned last nite, thx Crust! 1/2 priced premium bottle of wine and a KILLER veg pizza, u rocked it!
5	Great, friendly service, delicious food and full bar.  My wife was happy with their super dirty martini after the Lon drive to Scottsdale. Calzone and chicken parm a must.
5	I came back to Crust after a mixed experience. The pizza was delicious, the service and salad not so much. This time the pizza was just as good (maybe even better) than what I remembered and the service was friendlier. I ordered the NY round cheese pizza, and it is truly the best pizza I've had since I left the east coast. This combined with good customer service from the owner and employees warrants 5 stars this time around.
5	Wow about sums it up! Found this restaurant off Yelp and it was not a disappointment! The food was absolutely amazing. There were 8 of us and there was not a bad meal. Every time something came out it got an ooo and aww from all of us in unison. From the Meat and Cheese platter to the calamari to the cheese knots, ravioli with lobster cream sauce to the manicotti, to the eggplant rolltini to the cheese cake to the cannoli....well you get the picture. It was all amazing!! And the service was 5 star! They were attentive and couldn't have been nicer. And finally Ian our waiter was wonderful! Made us feel welcome and like part of the family even though we were from California. All I have to say in closing is Ian and the restaurant has made #loyalcrustomer out of us!!!!! We will be back.
5	Best meal of our vacation-thanks yelpers for helping me find another amazing meal. Our big group was served by Ian-he made sure our dining experience was perfect. We ordered 12 different items and each one was exceptional. For apps don't miss garlic knots or cheese board, pasta and pizza's were amazing, and due to the huge portions, even better the next day! Dessert recommendation-cheesecake, ice cream sandwich and bite size cannoli. .
2	Service was good. The stars do not reflect the quality of service. The food on the other hand was not that great. It did not posses the flavor of what you would expect of a sit down type of pizza place. I am surpirsed since I have been to MyPie (their sister restaurant) and it is better pizza and food overall.My qualms: Garlic knots, lack of garlic taste, the oil or butter was slopped all over this. It really was an excessive amount of oil/butter. The marinara sauce that came with it was bland, it didn't seem to be seasoned by much. The pizza was extremely greasy as well. The topings couldn't stay on the pizza when you picked it up because of the grease. The crust at the end was good, but underneath the pizza was soggy. Sad :(The sauce used for the pizza was similar to the garlic knots sauce and left a lot to be desired.The pictures of the pizza on yelp look amazing and completely different than my experience. Maybe it was an off night for them, but it definitely did not leave me saying, oh this is a place i want to come back to.The mac and cheese was good. I could have done without bacon on it (but others at my table wanted it on). Maybe their other foods aside from pizza are good. You would assume, if a place is called crust their pizza would be good.Its not that I don't like this place, I enjoy going to their sister shop, and would recommend that over coming here.
5	We had been looking for a great Italian restaurant for a long time...our search ended here.  This place rocks!!!! First off, they have Peroni...I'm a happy man.  As for food, I'm still working my way through the menu but I have NOT been disappointed yet.  The Filet Mignon sliders are absolutely to die for.  They're a meal on their own.  Love, Love, Love them!!!  The pizza is so absolutely awesome, you'd think you were in heaven.  Their pizzas are so huge that they only bring half out to you at a time.  And they're so awesome they keep the rest warm and ready in the back.  If you can't finish it (and I'd be surprised if you could), they package it up and it's ready for take home.  Their cannoli are so yummy (and cheap) that you might just want to stuff your pockets for the drive home.  The ambiance of this place is authentic Italian bistro.  A great date night for the loved one in your life. We'll be back again, and again, and again...
