4	Charlie's believed in gay cowboys before gay cowboys were cool.  My first impressions of Charlies years ago was that this was where all the hot guys were on a Saturday night.  Many straight girls have been saddened just a little bit watching two strapping young gentlemen in tight jeans and a body fitting white t-shirt do the two step more than just a bit closer than one normally does the two step.  Charlies doesn't care who you are or what you look like, as long as you're comfortable with yourself and you're ready to have a good time.  Their outdoor area has always been one of the best in the valley, but with their recent changes, due in part to light rail, it's getting even better.  And with their daily drink specials, there is always something to look forward to waiting for you - even if it's not Mr. Right.And if you aren't into the country music so much, come for after hours until 4am.  This is THE spot where all the other bars funnel after last call.  Expect a packed dance floor and lots of dance/techno music from 1am-4am.
4	Every now and then I like to get my Brokeback Mountain on, and Charlie's gives me my fix.  It's honestly more of an urban cowboy experience with tons of no-attitude gay locals (of all scenes and persuasions) and a smattering of REAL cowboys.  This is def. a gay Phoenix must-do when out-of-towners visit. The real cowboys tend to go during the week, but Thursday - Sunday nights bring out the weekend warriors and its largest crowds of the week.  That's when they open the other 3 service bars as it soon becomes after-hours central.    My favorite day is Thursdays when they do TWO-for-ONE drinks.During the week at 7 PM they offer FREE (did you hear that?  FREE!) dance lessons -- line dancing and two-step.   Sunday afternoons bring out the sand volleyball players in their back patio, and really BAD Pussy LeHoot drag shows (they're almost so bad that they're good, if that makes any sense). The restrooms are MUCH nicer since the remodel / expansion.  The rest of Charlie's is really DUMPY inside, but I LOVE it.   The crowd here is much more down-to-earth that other gay bars, and is more of a destination bar than the rest - attracting people from the suburbs.
5	uh, this place is HUGEAnd I met a SUPER hot guy here :)  I like this place!$4 pitchers of beers is nice too!Not big into country music personally, but the people were friendly here and I had a blast!
4	This was my first time at a "country" bar, and gosh darn it, I had knee slapping, hoe-down of a good-time! We went on a Friday night and the place was packed. They have one of the biggest parking lots I've ever seen at a gay club, and it was completely full by 11PM (best try to park on one of the side streets off of 7th Ave. (I think that's the name of the street). This was probably the best mix of gays I've ever seen at a bar...older, younger, country, preppy, butch, queens and everybody seemed to be enjoying themselves. I believe they serve your beer in a mini-pitcher, the outdoor area is GIANORMOUS, and there is a little take-out window in the outdoor area which serves Mexican food from the trailer in the parking lot. Now, one needs to prepare to hear country music...it's just something that's going to happen, but if you're their with good people and you're having a good time, why not! Also, they have line dancing inside on the dance floor. The bartenders are attractive in that rugged tough guy sort of way and they seemed fairly nice. All-in-all Charlie's was a hoot and I would go back if I was ever back in Phoenix. Also...I hear this place is very much the "after hours" hang out all nights of the week.
4	Sunday afternoon before heading back to the airport was great. Jack & I met some really nice guys. Good mix of people and the tacos were good and cheap. Fun place!
5	Just returned from the Phoenix area for a mini-getaway and went to check out Charlie's.  Even though we went on a Monday night we had a blast watching people and it was underwear night. haha.  Anyways, the place is huge, no cover, lots of parking, and also a huge patio that even has a volleyball court.The drinks were cheap and it was my first time Phoenix so if you use a credit card they don't run a "tab" per se.  Instead they charge your card $20 minus a $1 "fee" then you basically get $19 dollars back to use for drinks. I know it sounds weird but I guess it's how they do things in Arizona.  FYI - If you're looking for a trendy place, this is not it.  Also I did'nt hear any country music even though I guess it's supposed to be country?  Last, the crowd was mixed which is great since we did'nt know how to dress for this place but t-shirt and jeans are perfect.In short, we had fun even for a Monday night, the place is big, and drinks were cheap.  Can't ask for me than that.
4	Friday and Saturday night, 7-9, 75 cent domestic bottles! Hello, can I buy the next round! Great place, smoking patio and cold beer (be sure to order from front bar). Crowd is pretty mixed and allot of fun. Though why, gawd, why did they put dividers between the urinals.. come on now, it is a gay bar for Pete's sake!
4	Yee Haw. I still got it. Yes siree bob. My old ass got hit on. By a cowboy nonetheless. At Charlies. While I was indeed flattered, I'm hitched and happy already and was actually with Rickie at the time. I kinda want to give them 5 stars just for the ego stroke. And while I hadn't been to Charlie's in a quite awhile, it's still the mother lode of gay bars here in Phoenix. I like the outdoor patio where the volleyball area is located. Drinks are friendly and the bartenders are strong. Er, um, well you know what I mean. Even with the all western nuances Charlie's still draws mos from all walks of life. And that's what makes it great. There's someone for everyone. Why even a restaurant manager with a receding hairline can feel like a hottie again!
3	First, I'm a regular here. Sunday afternoons at Charlie's are something like church for me in the Arizona springtime. Cold beer, good friends, warm sun and boys playing volleyball in the back court (although it troubles me to see so many of them playing barefoot in what amounts to an oversized ashtray. PLEASE keep your shoes on, boys! It reminds me of playing volleyball in an enormous cat litter box.)Charlie's is NOT for the gays who like to put on their tightest T-shirt, gel their hair up and pretend like they just saw someone they know so they can do anything but make eye contact with another human being. It IS for the gays that are comfortable with themselves and enjoy talking to other gays that sometimes are cowboys, sometimes are drag queens, but are almost ALWAYS friendly (even if they're a bit tanked). The small pitchers on Sundays have kind of become a tradition. And it's fun to watch people two-step on the weekend nights. Downsides? Sometimes the crowd looks like the crowd at the rescue mission. The Arizona anti-smoking law somehow doesn't apply to the COVERED patio in the back, therefore making it uncomfortable to breathe back there. And, PLEASE take a cab if you've had too much to drink. Cops hang out waiting to nab ya later on at night. Overall, it's a fun, if somewhat tired, staple of the gay nightlife in Phoenix. Also have "branches"  in Chicago, Denver and Las Vegas.And, it's always a sure-fire hit with straight sisters, brothers, kids and moms (yes, I said moms) that are in from out of town. Especially if they two-step.
4	I love Charlie's for its sincerity!  the first time I went there, I came early to get some line dancing lessons in.  Learned a wonderful dance, and got several drinks.  It was a good night!  It has become a Thursday night thing now, not that regularly but frequent enough.I am still amazed and awed by the two-steppers and line dancers!  There are some fantastic dancers who go to Charlie's and can be slightly intimidating.  I am not a very big fan of country western music so I have to reserve a star.My rec is go early on a Thursday night, two for one drinks, and learn a line dance.  You can meet lots of men on the floor that way.
3	It had been awhile since I'd been out and about, but I still remember great music and thoughtful spaces.  This is not it.  However, I knew what I was getting into;  I lowered my expectations considerably and realized this is an unpretentious, friendly bar -albeit a little grimy and run-down.  I may be inclined to bring some friends along if you are a wallflower; you certainly have to make your own fun.    After 2a.m. the bar stops serving alcohol and will take your drink if you have not finished it, which is odd that they give a last call.  The first time I grabbed a last drink thinking I could nurse it,  instead I was asked to give it back just 10 minutes after it was purchased (what the phunk?)
4	If you're looking for a good time..Charlies just may be the place for you.  It's always packed on Friday and Saturdays. I would recommend Saturday , as being the busiest.  If your any type of an extrovert, you're almost guaranteed to meet a guy.  Be careful though, they pour heavy drinks and the beer flows like the Colorado River here....so don't beer goggle.  The line dancing is fun to watch and definitely is a conversation starter.  Go the the back part of the bar for the volleyball court...always fun to chat out there.  All types of guys go here...you're bound to see a wide variety of guys.  Very friendly bar.  Oh yea, they play more than country music too.  This is not a hick bar as many out of towners may think.
2	I used to like Charlie's, but it seems like they never put money back into it (and lord knows we spend enough there).  The place is really getting run down and tired.  Seems like everyone I know only comes here out of habit and no one likes it anymore.  Music mostly sucks and it doesn't have the vibe like it used to.  I don't think I'll be back much in the future.
3	Charlies is great if you want cheap drinks and a place to dance. I can't tell you how many times I've ended up there because it's a Sunday or Tuesday or an equally useless day of the week and my dance partner and I just want a place to shake it. The biggest downside is the attitude toward women there. Fag hags and dykes are welcome, it seems. But young-ish, femme-ish lesbian couples might find themselves receiving some serious coldness. I stopped going to Charlies for months after an episode of outright hostility from the staff. Come on, guys! We're not trying to take over your bar. We just wanna dance and drink. We tip well. We're friendly. We're all family, right??Eventually I ended up back at Charlies. It seems the employees responsible for most of the discrimination and attitude are not working there anymore. Thank goodness! Now I can get back to dancing my feet off!
2	I went here once - and unless I'm given a rousing speech as to why I should return - I'll never go back.A few of us went there to see if the volleyball courts were open and if not just to grab a drink before our night got started. So I'm queer and I kind of assume that if I walk into a gay bar, I won't be discriminated against. Wrong. I literally was given the nastiest looks and was literally told, "no. what the fuck do you want? the volleyball courts are not open."seriously? clearly, i'm not there to scam on your men as i walked in with other lesbians. seriously. so rude and disrespectful to paying (gay!) customers. wow. two stars because they do have volleyball and the drink i was able to harass the bartender to give me was good. and it appears from other reviews that this is not an isolated incident. we get it guys, you're a boy bar...but you're still a bar. how about you tone down the hostility. seriously.
1	Wow,Sorry Charlie's. I have to give you a star even though you don't deserve any.Seems as though you cannot bring a bag in larger than an average bank deposit bag. Your rude doorman made that perfectly clear. Strange, you're right on the light rail. Locals will be carrying messenger bags, backpacks, purses as they use this form of transportation. No worries though. There are plenty of other welcoming bars along or close to the light rail line.Yee Haw!
4	I walked in to Charlies once to meet a friend wearing a suit and tie.  The bartender immediately half screamed/half moaned, "Does anyone around hear wear cowboy boots?"  It could have been a friendly joke type of thing but It wasn't. I didn't appreciate it to say the least.  If I had had cowboy boots on, and I own quite a few, he might have ended up with them hanging from his ears that day.  I wasn't happy about being there anyway.  It had been a long day! I spoke with the owner of the bar.  A few days later,  from what I was told by someone who works there, I could be sure that guy would never do anything like that again.  If you have a problem there, talk to the owner.  He will handle it for you if he knows about it.I should say I rarely go to this place, but people know have always had great things to say about it.They have remodeled and it seems to have a nice lay out,  I like the patio and volleyball court..  I rarely go out to bar so can't say to much more than that.
3	Charlie's has 4 to 5 star potential... Neither my complaints nor my compliments seem to be new to anything anyone else has said but I am egomaniacal so I will go ahead and write them again.They are hip and fun. Dancing for the cowboys and everyone else...as long as you can two step. I was scolded for dancing in a manner that was not the two step...when my dance partners and I cleared it left no one on the dance floor. Yup we were the only ones out there. An empty Dance floor is better than one with non two steppers it turns out.The crowd is good though and you don't have to be intimidated if you are not a cowboy (so long as you are a non-cowboy who can two-step). The drinks are strong and cheap. I went on Friday and they were 75 cents! Mmm cheap booze.The patio is amazing and tent like and temperature controlled. A smoker's paradise.The women folk were asked to take their purses and leave them in the car...you know cuz cowboys don't carry purses. I have been more than once, would easily return again but I can think of more laid back places and laid back is more conducive to fun. Oh on the weekends they do have awesome carne asada outside. I am headed there right now.
3	The trailer out front sells the best Mexican food in Phoenix.Yeh, ok, I've typically just finished 17 Long Island Teas before stumbling over to their little window by the volleyball court to slur an order for street tacos. Still, that food is damn good. And the tacos are like 12-cents each! (Or whatever.)Now I hate country music. So I usually only go on Sunday afternoons for beer bust and $1.50 Long Islands. And we only hang out on the patio to watch Tranny Volleyball. Who knew trannies were so good at volleyball?!
5	I love Charlie's. Now that I've gotten that out of my system, I will repeat how much I love Charlie's. The drink specials are awesome. I don't come here for the liquor, though. I come here to have a couple cold beers and dance. The small pitchers on Sunday are just right for the end of my weekend. The best part about this place is the crowd. There is no pretension, just a bunch of regular guys and girls there to have a good time. Everyone is friendly and I've never had a bad experience. I've been to the Charlie's in Vegas as well and had just as wonderful a time. If you ever come across Charlie's wherever you may be, go in and say hi! You'll be glad you did. Now, ride 'em, cowboy.
2	A PERFECT marriage between Party On & Bottom Of the Barrel.  First experience here reminded me of what happens to us all after a few too many to drink.  A friend wanted to show me out and suggested this location to end the night after 2a.m. Lets just say the cab didn't get far before I got back in.  It was a mix of 'clicks' still dancing the night away surrounded by the hopefuls and out of shape-late 40 something's preparing to pounce at the first sight of a wounded gazelle.  Looks like I better try this place out once more under different circumstances as the previous reviews show it may have  potential.
4	And it was a very late night when I realized that if I did not eat something, I would not be able to truly enjoy a glass of wine.  A friend of mine said... I know a place... And you know that when you hear that it is a warning to be politically correct and not hurt the feelings of the person making what inevitably turns out to be a poor choice for your needs.But I followed and found myself in a place surrounded by cowboys of all kinds.  Normally this would have excited me a lot, but none were for me at all...mostly they were for my friend.  I endured the unfairness of the situation long enough to make it through to the back of the place where there was a "set-up" out of a back window where food was being prepared on grills outside.I turned my nose up and skinned my teeth and hummed along to the country music until I began to see the products being rendered one by one out of the window.  WHAT?!I gave in....I ordered a Steak quesadilla .  I have to say that it was hot , fast, fresh, fragrant, fattened, and filling.  Not sure that it was my hunger giving the initial rating,  I returned to the venue on a not so starving circumstance night...and was again impressed.  Plus there was some two- stepping going on!Moral of the story:  Don't judge food prepared in unconventional manners before you have the chance to try them twice with a smile on your lips!
2	A colossal bar at the end of the Melrose District, perhaps overgrown. It's dark and usually crowded inside. It has a main bar near the entrance, but satellite bars in other parts of the establishment as well. There's a stage for dancing and drag shows and an outdoor area for smoking or fresh air. It's one of Phoenix' landmark gay bars, usually offers drink specials, offers after hours and has a massive amount of space to accommodate more people. However, much like Amsterdam it's notorious for the clique culture, though drinks are cheaper. And like Amsterdam I would recommend seeing it at least once, but if you aren't going with a group of people, it isn't that special. It's difficult to talk to people and there are virtual designated cruising areas. There are a fair amount of creepers at this bar. It isn't totally sleazy, but the best image I can conjure to depict it is the Disneyland Country Bear Jamboree + medieval dungeon + every gay stereotype. If crowds are your thing, you don't care to hear what your friends are saying and you enjoy several hours of inconsistent music (think alternating Generic Gay Bar Mix and Grand Ole Opry's Greatest Hits) then you might enjoy it.
1	No thanks!  I've ended up at charlies way too many times, because the "boys" always wanna go! But In my 15 visits to charlies I cannot think of even one time where I actually had fun! Never!   Stupid music and just all wrong!  No thanks Charlie!
2	I have mixed feelings about this place.. Its very clean, spacious, and hosts tons of fun activities..  The other patrons were very open and friendly as well which was nice. . However, I do have to say that this place is VERY frugal on their mixed drinks..  I ordered a gin and tonic and to my disappointment all I could taste was tonic, no gin...Long story short, no accommodation was made.  In fact, the bartender was incredibly rude about it.. At the time I thought no big deal, i'll just head over to another bartender for my next drink. Same thing.  The mixed drinks here just plain suck, in comparison to other gay bars in the area.. Stick to the beer.  Also, there were drunk girls EVERYWHERE having drama scenes, which gets very annoying to listen to.. Overall, I will probably be back.. The music was fun, the dancing was fun, and besides the whole drink, or lack-thereof, and drama scenes, I had a great time and will most likely be returning..
4	Decent place.  I often come on undie Mondays for a few drinks and a round of pool or two.  Weird crowd with mixed vibes, sometimes friendly and sometimes not.  Bartenders are getting to know me so they are becoming more friendly, but this is not a homey country bar at all.  More like one of Phoenix's largest gay bars with lots of space to spread out.  Can be packed at the right events.  I'll keep going back as long as I have fun, which is the ultimate factor.
4	Was there last night and had a good time.  I learned several things:  1.  Charlie's has a cover charge of $3 if you get there after a certain time, I believe this starts at midnight or 1 am.  I got there after 1 am and the place was packed, absolutely packed.  2.  Yes, in Phoenix, some bars can stay open until 4 am (gasp!).  Yes, I know, it blew me away as well.  3.  The little Mexican food place attached to Charlie's serves really good food late night, but now I understand why they can't sell water or soda through the inside window to Charlie's customers.  That's because Charlie's wants to charge patrons $2.50 for a bottle of water than the Mexican restaurant sells for $1 outside.  Other than that, I had a good time.
3	Wasn't particularly impressed. But maybe that's because I am from SF. And SF burns out after awhile, but it sets a precedent for what a gay bar should be like.But that doesn't go to say Charlie's doesn't have a specific spirit and charm that only could come in Phoenix.Came here during my short jaunt to Phoenix, because whenever I visit a new city... I have a habit of needing to go to a gay bar and check out what's going on. It was a Sunday and the place was a little bit busy. Maybe it was for the Pussy LeHoot and Friends drag show.Had a margarita, because it started with an Ultimate Margarita during dinner. Wanted to continue the trend and thought the drink was Arizona appropriate/approved. The bartenders were all dressed like cowboys, everywhere I went I saw a Jack or an Ennis... but sadly, none were Heath Ledger or Jake Gyllenhal.Bummer.Notes to consider:1.) They don't allow purses. This could cause a damper for trannys or girls.2.) One bartender charged me $4 for my margaritas, I went to another one because the one I went to before was busy and it became $5.3.) It has a volleyball court. Something to consider if they ever do a dirty sports themed night.4.) The drag show dragged on. No puns intended, but that was the best way to put it.5.) Music was horrible. Inconsistent.6.) The bar is massive, entertainment was dive-y... but Phoenix gays settle within their own. That is only if the except if they smell new meat...
3	For years I've been dragged to this place by my boys and always vowed to not say yes the next time it happened, but I did, dammit, I did. Each time i went just beyond sucked.  I would try and order drinks, only to be looked over to the guys behind me, I would play pool and be called a cunt, I would even come as part of the gay dart league, playing against their team for charity, and always always received second-class treatment for my lack of a penis.  The last insult was their institution of the no bags over the size of like a No. 10 envelope. I learned this at the door as I watched guys walking out of the bar wearing backpacks!  I happen to carry a lot of shit around, and will not be the lezbot in cargo shorts!  Needless to say, I had turned down countless offers of meeting there after finally being fed up with all the bullshit. I mean, come ON.  But,  a couple weeks ago, my girls wanted to do a bike and booze, with Charlie's as one of the spots to hit. I cast my longstanding grudge aside, borrowed my roomie's little shoulder bag which fell under the acceptable size limits, and pedaled on over with my homies.  And, I'm glad I did. It was a Thursday, their 2-4-1 night, was moderately busy, and I was immediately greeted with a smile by one of their cutie bartenders, was served awesome and well-poured shots, and in general, had a great time. I learned that the lady-hatin guys had all been ditched a while ago, which was great to hear. This is not to say it isn't biased, and some of the older male clientele threw daggers from their cataract-addled eyes, but f*ckit. It was the first time I'd been there that my money spent the same, and I was treated with respect and encouraged to have a good time. It certainly won't be a destination spot for me, but I definitely won't hesitate when invited to swing down and hang with friends.
4	The outdoor area is really cool, nice expanded dance floor and good sound system.  Like the Dance nights, haven't checked out the country side of things but hear its great as well. They also have drag shows which are a great experience.  DJ Jeremy on Fridays does an excellent job with the dance tracks.
4	Charlie's + Me = Fun fun time!I've heard some other girls have had issues with not so friendly people there and that some people make comments toward women, but I have never had that problem...nor would I care if I did hear anything, because it would far outweigh the sweeties I HAVE met there.  I know my boys would have my back!I LOVE LOVE LOVE the drag shows.  I'm not even going to say who my favorites are, because lots of them are absolutely wonderful, and have such sweet personalities to boot.In all actuality I feel like I get stared at more by other females than anything else...and I got hit on by some cute gay boys.  Teehee!  They sure know how to make a gal feel purty.The bartenders make awesome drinks including massively tasty midori sours...and fair warning - the jello shots are secretly deadly!  Those suckers sneak up on you.The chicken crisps are yummy whether you are drunk or not!The only negatives are what some others have pointed out already - the purse restriction and the music that doesn't kick up the beat until after 12 or 1.  However, since I never carry a purse with me into any club and I'm too busy watching the drag shows to care what's going on inside (besides which, you can't blame a country-western bar for playing that type of music....), these negatives really don't exist for me anyway.I've had a blast every time I go, and I can't wait until Halloween!
4	If Hillcrest, San Diego has Urban Mo's, Phoenix has Charlies, and I'd pick Charlies most times. I don't know why it wins my heart, maybe it's pride knowing that as a bar, it's a landmark especially in a young city like Phoenix. They've got cheap drinks, sometimes (depending on the day) cute cowboys... and its afterhours has got good beats. It's a large bar too when it comes to the Phoenix gay club scene... not warehouse big like other clubs in other larger gay places... like Rich's in Hillcrest, or the Abbey in Weho... it's big enough with a good sized dance floor and plenty of space to walk around inside and outside. And who can beat an in house Taco Shop vendor? I mean, heck that deserves two stars alone... greasy mexican food next door without having to drive thru... heck yes! Boo... to the $3 cover after midnight for Afterhours but they got to make money over the youngin's and $3 really isn't that bad... I think I deny them one star because of the inconsistent Tic Tac shots... One barman knew how to make it right, while the other made it heck a lot strong that it was hard to swallow that I almost gagged! My four stars goes to a good atmosphere... and strong drinks but hey strong drinks are an expectation at all gay bars... so whatev. Anywho, if you're getting bored at the bar or club you're at and you need a new experience and still want to have a good time with strong drinks... make your way to Charlies!
3	It's the one gay bar I go to where I don't mind the smell of meat.Well, Charlies doesn't serve food but  they carved out a prison window that opens up to a taco stand set up next to it that you can order food from. Yummy, cheap and convenient.After 12 pm, they play dance music but before that, its country music and there is def no T-Swift in that mix. So I'm usually eating before 12 pm. Oh yeah- and they charge a cover after 12 too! LAME!!! I'm against cover charges. This is not Vegas. Britney Spears or Paris Hilton is not making a special appearance and you're taking away my would-be taco money. One last gripe, the guys here are bit more adventurous so be prepared to see lots of shirtless guys, even the ones that should not be, and lots of simulated sex dancing. I had to close my eyes at some point because it got a bit x-rated.
5	Charlie's is always a fun and exciting place to be with great music and entertainment. Awesome staff. And great drink specials. Lots of fun!!!
5	I am gonna give this place 5 stars because it is what its supposed to be. They also have cheap drinks and they pour them pretty dang good. The staff is very friendly. This is the kind of place everyone ends up at on Friday and Saturday nights. Its a country bar and they play country music, but at about 1pm they place top 40 music. This place is busy on Thursdays (2 for 1), Fridays, Saturdays and definitely the place to be Sunday during the day and at night. This is by far the busiest gay bar in phoenix and when can get pretty packed when there is a special holiday or event. Even for the size it is. This place gets super packed for Halloween and the gay rodeo. Definitely a place to check out. Last Note: They take credit and debit cards but they run them in $20 increments and charge $2 bucks and give you the change back. They charge during after hours, about $3 bucks so come with a few bucks to get in.
5	A little dank on the decor but I don't think they were trying to be another Amsterdam. Quite the opposite. The bartenders have always been nice to me and the place, while they could hire a new DJ (Not you DJ Tsunami! You know how to mix!) the music tends to be overbearing if you get there too early.The drinks are not that expensive.Undie Monday's where your drink is half off (tho I could go without seeing some of the old guys in their stuffs)Tuesday is 2-4-1Thursday is 2-4-1This place mainly gets a 5 star from me because of the friendly attitude. I do know chicks don't get as much friendliness as the guys but hell! This is my review and I have a weiner!This place is good if you aren't looking to show off your douchebag fauxhawk, ed hardy (or afflicition) clothes, and be clickish. You go here to mingle.
5	Gay cowboys, rambunctious line dancing, and $5 pitchers of beer. I really don't know what else I could ask for! It's a good place to drink copious amounts and channel your inner dancing queen without judgement. (Trust me, regardless of what you're doing/wearing, you CANNOT compete with that 6'2" drag queen grinding against the mirror.) As a woman, I like going to a bar where I don't have to worry about drunk losers trying to hit on me. If you like country music, get here before midnight. Otherwise, club music starts at 12 and that's when the top 40s playlist will start going...think Lady Gaga, Beyonce, etc. Just be prepared. It's a loud, big, gay bar, and the men here are brave. People rip off their shirts and start getting pretty wild on the dance floor. If you can handle that, you'll have a good time.
2	I walked in with a group of 7. It was this gays turn to show the co-workers a night outside the Scottsdale scene. They rejected us because one of our girls had a purse "bigger than a clutch." It cost us $60 in cab fare to get there, and they wouldn't budge, even after we emptied the purses.So we hoped into a cab and had a great night at Amsterdam.
4	Charlie's + 3-4-1 Sundays = F-M-L MondaysIn my entire life, this is the only place I've been to that entertains the idea of a 3-4-1 special. Is that even legal under Arizona laws? No wonder there are so many cabs that pull in and out of this place. You could definitely drink comfortably for a great price knowing you're only a step away from a taxi. I also enjoy the drag show they have after the special... at whatever time I usually start putting down my drinks. If my blurry memory serves me right, the deal ends at 7, so the show might start around 8. The people here are pretty friendly, except for the one who stole my 3 day old Jimmy Choo sunglasses. I probably wouldn't have lost them if I was allowed to bring in my purse, though. Thanks Charlie's!  There is also always a volleyball game going on outside in their sand court if you're the sporty type. I've also been here on a Saturday night, but I think that's typically when men are on the prowl, so I didn't really sense a casual, patio-drinking type of atmosphere. I'll stick with the bane of my F-M-L Mondays.
5	love this place. It was really cool to see a place where i can sit and enjoy few drinks with friends without being staring or grabing. Dancer were ok tho and drinks too. Big place with a dance floor and a patio with great mexican food
4	Give it more than a glance... At first you think, ehh!  Gross old man bar.. then you realize it's actually the most awesome place to dance, drag, and enjoy the night in PHX.  Charlies is country, but not all that often, I think they realize that you can't be a full on country bar and expect a ton of customers, but they do have nights tailored towards that.  I went there probably 6 times out of a 10 day trip... The DJ's do a great job of playing a mix of new, recent, and older dance music.  The drag queens are hilarious. The boys *correction Men* are HOT.  and finally... the Bartenders know how to serve a drink and do it right!
4	For my 150th review I thought it would be appropriate to celebrate it by reviewing (what I consider) a Phoenix landmark. My most recent visits were for the pre-Halloween party with a Rocky Horror theme and on Saturday for the Witches Ball. I absolutely love the sistah's in drag with the raunchy commentary between sets. However, it does irritate me that purses bigger than a clutch are not allowed into Charlie's. Where are the diva's supposed to keep their make-up!?The bar is spacious and there are enough people to go around so you don't feel tied to the same group all night long if you are looking to meet anyone new. But what I thought was most important was the drinks and the prices. I ordered a rum an Coke and watched as the bartender filled the glass with rum, then splashed some Coke on top and only charged me $4. I was in shock. And every drink after that always came filled to the brim with liquor and splashed with something else.
1	Sorry, but I HATE this pathetic place! usually full of total losers, yet it gets pretty crowded. Poor phoenix, people just don't know better in this city. It's kinda sad, actually. Then when an a super cool & totally fun Event comes to Club STRATUS on 23rd Ave near Grand, hardly anyone goes! It's way better, more modern & no rif-raf losers. It is more 'Circuit party-ish", which Phoenix lacks, otherwise, you would have to leave the damn state to attend a Circuit Party Event, which is pretty much nonexistent in AZ.
5	The eclectic crowd and positive vibe of this bar make it a must stop for locals and visitors.Make no mistake though, this is a gay man's country bar.  They cater to country music fans, then late night crowds when the cowboys fizzle out.  I've had a lot of people tell me, and I agree, they play the best Country music of any gay OR straight bar in town.  Usually the higher energy stuff.  If you can't handle country music, the bar is almost always high-energy dance after midnight and has after-hours till 4am Fri / Sat nights.  PARKINGThe parking lot is newly paved & monitored under video surveillance 24/7.  Security walks the parking lot at night during business hours.  In many years of going here, I've never had any problems with any of my vehicles being broken into.DRINKS / BARTENDERSThis is a drinking man's bar.  Most of the bartenders like watching people get drunk as long as they can keep it under control.  To accomplish this, the drinks are usually strong but being friendly, polite, and tipping decently usually goes a long way.  Leaving a $2 tip for $20 in shots/drinks will surely get you a weak pour the next round.  I've found that if you're nice and respectful to the bartenders here, they will make you feel like a High-Roller.DANCE FLOORThe dance floor is relatively small for a country bar this size.  That means if a line dance song comes on and you don't know the dance, the DJ will remind you to get off the dance floor so you're not in the way.  When the dance music starts, the tight dance floor makes for a fun, uninhibited evening that is even more fun if the bartenders did their job.  [wink, wink]PURSESThis is a semi-dive bar and can attract the usual dive-bar antics. Purses are limited to the size of a typical bank cash bag to keep people from sneaking in their own booze or anything else you shouldn't have in a bar.  The manager knows the door guy is doing his job when he doesn't see any medium/large purses in the bar.  The door guy wants his job so it won't do you any good to argue with him.  Also, nobody wants your huge purse banging against them all night - please leave that diaper bag in Scottsdale.
2	As a gay man, I want to like Charlie's.  I like guys with scruff.  It's a gay cowboy bar.  Should be heaven, right?  Unfortunately, on any given night only 10% of the patrons are attractive.  A shockingly low number.  The crowd here is usually either over 45, overweight, aggressively short, or possibly adequate.  If you look hard though, you can find some gems.On the plus side, the bar is huge.  Large dance floor surrounded by mirrors that plays country music every night and only switches to the good stuff around 1am on Saturdays.  The outside bar area is definitely a sweeter spot.  There are lots of wooden benches and places to sit or lasso yourself to.  There is even a stage on top of a volleyball court for a drag show.  Be warned, the drag show is the standard 6'2'' fat man who makes for a scary woman with a bitchy bark and limited mobility.  The one plus is the taco cart that pulls up right to the bar on Saturdays and sells cheap and delicious tacos, quesadillas, and such.  I have never had a good time at Charlie's without drinking enough to forget I was at Charlie's.  If that is your deal, then you will enjoy this place.  If not, you will just wish you were in a bigger and better city.
4	Amsterdam was dead on Saturday, while Charlie's was packed and s***kickin.  The usual line dancing thing but strange how it was only 15 guys and a ton more watching, the other similar bars I have been to had half the crowd joining in.  Fun atmosphere with a big backyard and a run-down country bar feel, diverse crowd, more laid back people.  Waited forever for the next dance act but it took too long and we were tired.  The drinks only seemed to kick in after I got home, when I needed them least.  Still, something different than the usual sleek primpy crowd, fun!
4	Had a fabulous time at Charlie's, meeting friends from college and making new friends there!I did find it odd for a dance lesson to be going on during peak hours.  Must be a Southwest thing.  Over here on the East...dance lessons are Mondays and Wednesdays at 5pm.Some of the bar areas could use a renovation and expanded instead of looking like it used to be a janitor closet.With all the dancing going on, it got a bit hot in there.  Nice to have a covered outdoor patio to hang out...if you can handle the cigarette smokes all around.Overall, I had a good time with friends at Charlie's!
1	i have not been a huge fan of charlies for a while....for some reason it always smells like vomit....about 8 months ago my car was broken into they stole a purse out of the front floor board, the funny thing is they had police walking the parking lot...fast forward to now march 6th 2011 had another car broken into this time they stole a caboodle which had make up in it and a rhinestoned mask...when we went inside and asked them to call the police, they said they couldn't and gave us the number to do it ourselves. great customer service...i think not!!!  then we were out side and the bar manager came out and said they have video of the whole parking lot and we can get a copy of it great!!! oh but but we have to wait till thursday...now i hate the bar even more.
4	I had an absolute blast here. Hot bartenders dressed like cowboys? Yes please. The people that go here are all really friendly and outgoing. I made several new friends in the couple of hours me and friends were there. I danced my little tushie off and thoroughly enjoyed not having to give a crap what I looked like because none of the males there were looking at me. When I went, they were playing hip-hop, though I'd love to go when they have country booming. I had a vodka red bull and a few beers and the only downfall about the drinks was that the mixed drinks are really weak. The totally fabulous drag queen that was there dragged me up on stage because it was my first time and made me dance in front of everyone which was definitely an experience. She also bought me a shot of 151, also an interesting experience that I am unlikely to repeat. I spent the night dancing, laughing, and drinking and had a great time and I am surely going to return in the near future.
4	Lots of nights with drink specials + shows + activities + free classes = high probabilty for a good time.Recomendation: Don't go alone.Best times to go: Sunday Mid-day (3-4-1 + sand volleyball + large crowds), Saturday late night (afterhours), Thursday nights (2-4-1 + drag show + lots of men).
4	Charlie's Taco StandNot talking about the bar but the taco stand behind the bar. Now before you exit out of this review, hear me out. This place by far serves the BEST TACOS in town--hands down! Ingredients are fresh, servings are plentiful and prices cheap. Order the mini-quesadillas, the perfect combination of crunch and flavor. Be warned--word has caught on to this place, it's common to stand in line for up to an hour. The earlier you go, the better. Otherwise you might just be standing behind a group of drunk boys reminiscing about their night.
1	Charlie's is completely anti-woman. I went there two Saturdays in a row recently, and experienced the following:False reports of the clientele--they said it was "crawling with women," there were two women in the place. Shortly after entering and dancing a bit, I was approached by some weirdo with an accent who seemed pleasant to chat with. Long story short, he later claimed he was not  gay and started hitting on me--male prostitute much? Probably works there. Creepy. Less bleach on the teeth next time, k? And think of a country that exists--Persia? Seriously?The next time I went, I accidentally stood in front of the door. The guy took my ID and barked at me to "Stan here! Stan here!" --pointing carelessly in front of him. I told him jokingly they should put some tape down if they want people to stand in a certain place. I was smiling, clearly joking. I had not been drinking much (2 drinks in 4 hours), so it wasn't a drunken rudeness thing. He replies, "I no gonna letchu in." I said, "Okayyyy?" and left. F this place and the dirty vibe within and without. Go here if you are a dude who couldn't give two shi*ts about the way a place treats your female friends.
3	I have to remove one star for the lack of effective climate control. Don't go during the summer months, especially during the day. TOO HOT and not in a good way :/
2	Personally I have not gone with any female friends or witnessed their rudeness to girls, but if I had I'd have minused two more stars.Nonetheless, even without that, Charlie's is a mediocre place to have fun. Here's the list:1. The music SUCKS. I'm not talking about the country music that I don't enjoy - hence I don't think I should rate the country play list. I'm talking about the Pop music - the type that you move to the beats, grind, whatever. Many of the songs were remixed into much a WORSE version. For one, they totally butchered the song "Super Bass". Also, the selection was very techno-based, so even though the beats were there, the songs were monotonously dry. Many times the dance floor was emptied when certain dumb songs were up, but DJ pretended not to see that.2. They charge you 2 bucks to use your credit card on their drinks. Very inconvenient. If I don't have cash, I'd rather not buy any drinks. 3. The atmosphere is overall OK. Very cowboy-styled; not trendy, hip, or classy at all.On the bright side, their drinks are affordable and on happy hour certain drinks are a dollar only. They also have a go-go dancer show on the weekend, which could be entertaining - though not very enticing for me. On a side note, the crowd is generally older (30+'s) - don't expect to meet many college kids there, if at all.
4	Charlie's Taco TruckThese tacos will seduce you until you are ravenous! It all starts out so innocently. The tacos wink at your promiscuously, you attempt to ignore their luscious fragrance, and then BAM!!! You're on the bleachers and the community can't tell where your face ends and those enchanting tacos begin.Make an effort to enjoy these tacos.
4	Charlie's is not my favorite place, but I go a lot because I have a ton of friends who like to go.  There is something going on at Charlie's.  Whether it be strippers on Monday nights or Pussy LeHoot and friends on Sunday.  The bartenders pour a strong beverage, so be ready!  Drinks are three for one on Sunday afternoons, and two for one on Thursday evenings.There are three other Charlie's locations too.  Las Vegas, Denver, and Chicago.  I have also been to Charlie's Denver.  I believe that Phoenix has the biggest one of the four.  Huge dance floor, plenty of space inside. Out back the patio is colossal! There is a volleyball court back there too!One of my favorite things about Charlie's is the taco stand!  They have the best tacos and burritos ever!  Tacos are small and only a buck each...perfect for a snack.  the burrito is five bucks and worth it!  You can get food inside the back patio or directly from Camelback.I recommend coming on a Sunday night.  Have a taco or burrito and see Pussy LeHoot!
5	CHARLIES TACO STAND!!!!!Charlies is one of the original Gay Bars in Phx. It is a great place to dance and hang with friends, great drink prices and they have a fun after hours. What I really love about Charlies is the taco stand outside. They are so addicting and will keep you coming back for more. Amazing prices on the food, great flavor on the tacos, burritos, quesadillas etc. They have great horchata too! The people that work the stand are the sweetest people. The guy in the trailer that chops the asada is a real cutie! I just go to Charlies sometimes just for the tacos. They are open really late and if you are out in down or midtown Phoenix I demand you to check them out.
1	Went there last night since I have MLK day off.  I asked about the beer specials that they normally have on Sunday nights.  Bartender said there were not any that night.  Wow, what a slap in the face.  They took advantage of the long weekend and decided they would make more money if they did not have their usual specials.  This is bad KARMA!  I hope there are other guys out there that support Charlies all year long that are upset by this.  I would suggest not going or at least don't tip or have one less drink then you normally would.  Best bet, tell them how unfair this is either in person or via social media.
2	Nothing special just a bar... everyone speaks so great about it but when i went all ithought was "i feel sorry for the people who think this is the best place ever!" becauseit was so not all that lol.  The only good thing about this place were the bar tendersbecause they dress in cowboy gear but only like 2 of them should be wearing that.Also their sunday happy hour is great! 3 for 1 :)
5	i love coming here each night after a club. its always a great time. and the music never stops. you just keep going and going. best way to end your night. its small and the outside is large and great smoking area. the crowd is chill and comfortable. i always feel great when i get there and leave. it can get crowded on the dance floor and really hot. thats when i step out for a few and go back to dancing. and the taco stand is realy good. dont leave till you have tried both.
5	We are a straight couple and we loved Charlie's. I (female half) love going to drag shows and have seen Barbra Seville (hilarious) and Angela Dodd (Hot as hell) many times so that was the big reason we decided to try it out on a Sunday night.I was so not ready for what I encountered! Packed full with lots of very attractive people.  It was reminiscent of P-town in mid summer.  For those of you who are not East Coast people, you need to go there also.  :)Charlie's was a big fun party, slammed full of very friendly, very good looking people having a great time.  I had a blast.  The only thing I was hoping for that didn't occur was an interactive drag show.  I guess I will have to head out to one of the less crowed spots to enjoy this type of entertainment.Kudos!
4	I love Charlie's. Maybe because I'm not a gay man looking for a hookup, because yeah, I get what some guys are saying about the dudes there, but then again who knows what my taste in men would be like if I were a gay man? But, I digress.I know a lot of guys (yes, gay ones) that frequent Charlie's on the regular, so maybe it's a different experience when you're hanging with regulars and some of the "Men of Charlie's", but I LOVE it here. Good drinks, good people, lots of fun. I've never had the issue some girls complain about regarding gay guys not wanting women there, but hey, I'm 5'11", maybe they thought I was in drag. Plenty of amazing gentlemen willing to buy me a drink just because, or bum me a smoke when I'm drunk and run out of mine, or light my cigarette for me (come on, that's just charming). I think the dudes here have a right to not really enjoy a bunch of straight women coming in ("OMG! LOOK! GAY MEN! EVERYWHERE! OMG DRAG SHOW! OMG YOU ARE LIKE SOOO BEAUTIFUL, I WOULD NEVER KNOW YOU'RE A MAN!") and taking over the place when it is a GAY BAR, for men. Don't intrude on peoples' boundaries and you should have an excellent time.
2	It used to be a good place to enjoy country music and an adequate amount of eye candy, not so anymore!  Every time I've walked in this joint it's thump music and queens, 95% of the patrons are very unattractive .  I'm not likely to come back.
5	My favorite local hangout. I love going there for the Barbra SeVille show, DJ Tsunami and of course all the drink specials throughout the week.
5	We came to get a taste of AZ and we totally got it here. Friendly locals that dance awesome, way cheap happy hour and a fun atmosphere that never let the party die.We came in on a SAT, got to join at some line dancing classes lol.... THAT was fun... we sucked but it was still FUN!!!  Everyone was really nice and welcoming. I think we spent a total of like 60 bucks this night and got HAMMERED, danced like crazy, and even got to eat tacos from a taco truck next door!  Ignore the bad comments. We did our research on local bars, we wanted a place that did NOT feel like LA or any other big city copyKat. This place did the job.All the other bars nearby reminded us of every other bar we normally go to in LA, and lets face it, if its nice fancy bars that you seek, with a lot of pretty people posing, cocky attitude and want to pay a nice penny for drinks.... we have the best in WEHO.  =) IF we come back to AZ again... we'll for sure come back again!
4	There are many things to like and dislike about Charlie's. I've gone before and this last visit was for the Sunday beer bust while visiting Phoenix. First impressions: beautiful day out and the place is so dark!! God, what a little natural lighting would do to this place. Outside it is spacious and well designed deck and volleyball area, not so sure this is a good use of space though (do people really come to a gay bar to play volleyball?). The issue is the horrible, oppressive, smoking everywhere outside. Does it not occur to you that the non-smokers might want to enjoy the patio too?? They let them smoke right by the door and so the smoke and stench makes it way into the actual bar. My eyes were watering! They could easily "accommodate" the smokers by having them assemble only by the bleachers area where there is more open air. (The fact that they even sell cigarettes, shows how dumb the owners are). The other issue is the crappy, and I do mean crappy, sound system. All I could hear was the base pounding. Nobody was dancing. (maybe time for a new DJ). Upgrade the damn sound system already. Finally, take advantage of the beautiful men (some) and keep it a litter warmer inside, so guys will WANT to take their shirts off. I walked around with my coat on the entire time after it got later in the afternoon. These are common sense things, that they've become complacent to it seems. Please listen to the visitors who see your bar with a fresh eye.Given the lack of gay bars in Phoenix, I appreciate Charlie's being open and celebrating 28 years!!
1	Went there for New Years Eve.  They took advantage of the patrons that support the bar all year long by charging a $7 cover charge.  Then, half way through the night, they stop selling draft beer, another way to get a bit more money out of you.  This place is not worth a cover charge.  Claudia B, B must stand for B*tch because as a bartender, he has a attitude.  It's Phoenix, not New York darling.  A few of my friends suggested simply not tipping the bar tenders on nights where there is a cover charge, perhaps they will complain and stop charging on holidays etc...Although I am not sure I agree with this, but since they all pool their money, it's an idea.
1	Was in town for the gay rodeo with a friend from NY hoping his first rodeo experience would be hella fun! Being country dancers we were hoping to tear up the dance floor every night we were in town. All we got was more and more frustrated at the entire experience! The country dj, completely out of sight or reach had no clue the concept of playing to the crowd or even knowledge of country club music! Meaning...knowing the difference between a 2-step, shuffle, shadow, west coast swing, or east coast swing...which btw not only did he only played 1 east coast swing all night Saturday  but ZERO waltz's! The song selection although current top 40 hits (surprisingly, because the line dances all but 2 were from the past 20 years done to the even more tired original songs from 20 years ago) was more like a bad juke box! no format whatsoever and the transitions were horrible...cutting off songs before they ended as the next song was abruptly forced in. Upon making requests, we were told, "ok, I think I have it" yet we never heard them! Now, I can understand club Djs not taking requests, but in all the country clubs I've been to, and this includes rodeos and other gay country dance events for the past 15 years, requests are very crucial to keeping and making your guests feel welcome and included! Especially if they are songs or dances that will show the locals something new they might like to try! Now that's just the music! The dance floor etiquette was non existant! They have let the drunk queens take over the dance floor way before the music even switched over, not caring one bit about the couples or dancers trying to menuver around them! Only once were they told not to bring drinks to the dance floor, but never to get their drunk asses out of the way before they get intentionally plowed into by people that are fed up with it! The patio was useless for non smokers! The dance floor is way too small for a club that brings in as many people as this one does! What a wasted use of space where the volleyball court is! That! Should be the dance floor! The only saving grace was catching up with old rodeo friends, and the taco truck! So, this club, along with the no dance floor and ridiculous all day entertainment at the rodeo grounds has reassured my friend and myself will NOT be returning next year!
3	Charlie's can be so tragic, but it's never dull. It's filthy, and in dire need of some updating. the sound system makes up for it though.. I just wish the music was a dash more cutting edge. The best way to sum up Charlie's = The Wal-Mart of gay bars. It's got freaks, weirdos, scary mofos, and then normal people, and all sorts of everything else. There's truly something for everyone at Charlie's, as long as you can get past some of the barfy elements.
2	DJ Tsunami.... Mixes music like a train wreck. The beats are off he either ends a song then starts up another or he completely destroys the mix. I don't know where they got him but he needs to go back.
1	Whoever thought that mixing alcohol and volleyball together in a bar made a huge mistake. First of all, the doorman made my friend leave and put her purse in the car. This bar is very dark so if you want to go outside , beware of the flying volleyballs!  I was slammed in the side of my cheek while I was talking with friends at the table, I went to tell the manager that it was getting out of hand and he sarcastically said" you should sit somewhere else,". Well I will never sit anywhere at this bar ever again thanks to the way he talked to me. When I went back to the table to get my friend, a volleyball hit her in the neck.  We left before any other harm could come to us.  I'm surprised that no one has sued them......hmmmmm?  Also, one of my drinks had some vodka, the next one was missing alcohol,  very inconsistent.
1	I will never come to this horrible place ever again. I come to Arizona every couple of months because a friend of mine lives in Scottsdale, so I'm fairly familiar with the area. Randomly one night, we decided to give this place a try. This is one of the worst experiences I have ever had out in any bar, EVER.To give you some background, I frequent West Hollywood several times a week. I am not new to the gay scene. The bartenders know who I am. The drinks are strong, the people friendly, and the atmosphere is pleasant. I have a ton of friends who are gay and I love them to death. Going out to gay clubs is really fun for me--I actually prefer them to straight bars/clubs. My friend and I enter the bar and there is some sort of deal, that is "half off, pants off." Apparently, this place is sexist, because only gay MEN can take off their pants, and not a lesbian. The bartenders are rude, condescending, and only talk to the men in the bar in a semi-nice fashion. I argued with the bartender about why women can't take their pants off, and why lesbians can't, and he just smirked and said, "it's a gay club. It's for gay men only." Excuse me?! Who the fuck do you think you are? Anyway, after a drink or two from this same bartender, I don't remember anything, which never happens to me. Turns out, someone slipped something in my drink that caused me to black out and throw up for 24 hours the next day. I drink often, and can hold my liquor. This definitely wasn't from drinking too much. I hate this place. It's the ABSOLUTE WORST. DO NOT COME HERE.GO TO BS WEST instead. You've been warned.And asshole bartender, screw YOU!
4	If you think you partners fine grab him where the sun dont shine. Clap you hands and stomp you feet move you buns on down to Charlie's, it's sweet. Hey at least there is a consistant crowd at charlies, unlike many of the other gay bars in phx. so they are doing something right. They have great drink specials and it's right off the light rail. Don't forget to grab some tasty mexican food from outback by the vollayball court. it's delish.
5	I'm giving Charlie's 5 stars for their taco truck! Best authentic street tacos I've had in Arizona. They're only a dollar a piece!I'm not a fan of country music but the drinks are strong and cheap. Tip: the tacos are only available on the weekends.
1	The queens here are so rude including the fat ugly ones. If you're looking for bottoms and more bottoms, This is the place for you.
5	I love going with my best friend, so much fun and strong drinks! Great dancing and delicious food truck. Sundays are the best!
2	I like Charlie's for the most part. I haven't been on a Tuesday in a while. I had a good time. Jason was a great bartender.  The music was terrible.  DJ Tsunami kept repeating songs and seemed to be playing for only 12 year old girls.  Please replace him with the Thursday dj.
1	To much smoke, and sex going on in the parking lot stay away if your not into all that, but if your a smoker and into hook ups like a low life that it's a place for u. Yes I been in the bar it ok for the 2-4-1 but not a friendly staff.
4	I thought I'd never be caught dead here! Me, stuck in a line outside a booming club at 1AM. Why is it so packed this hour? Oh yeah, because it's apparently the biggest gay bar in town! It was literally at maximum capacity, but the hour or so I spent inside was a good time. I've never been to one of these before, but I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly the atmosphere was. Bouncers who aren't dicks. People who actually just want to converse. Lots of couples. Tons of straight women taking refuge from creepers. Guys grabbing my butt! (guess that comes with the territory) But between the fog machine, happy people, and ridiculously low ATM fees, I wouldn't mind coming back here with my friends. Even if there are wangs on the TV screen. Weird.
2	Ew, never again.
5	I don't think there is another gay bar in Phoenix that can compete with Charlie's.  They have great drink deals every day of the week, and the bartenders are not only the best looking, but the most efficient, friendliest in town as well.  You can come into this bar alone, and sit at the bar and be comfortable, because the bartenders act as if they are glad you are there.  The clientele is varied;  all types, all ages, and it seems everyone gets along.  They have the best sound system.  My only complaint is that when they have line dance instructions, they have the microphone so loud, it is a big distraction . . . the dance floor is not THAT big, that I'm sure they could do with a couple floor speakers and blue tooth and not blast it all over the bar.  Still, I have to give this bar its well deserved 5 star rating.  It is the best, most consistent, gay bar I've ever been to . . . Thom
5	Ready to have fun and get your party on? This is the place to be. After tending several events here I was impressed on how much fun I had. Let me start with the bar staff. They are super busy but can hold down the fort with a smile. Each bartender is friendly and quick on their toes to make you a drink. Now for the drink specials. I have to say they have the BEST drink specials in town. Even though I don't drink watching friends and patrons make their dollars stretch helps keep us partying longer. The atmosphere  is upbeat with pool tables, large space inside and out, along with a dynamic dance floor that has live performers. Now don't worry if you drink to much there are plenty of taxi drivers parked right outside to make sure you get home safely.If your ready to make a one stop spot to hang all night than Charlie's is the place to be.
1	I would rate it 0 stars but that's not possible. Every time I have come here I have been treated badly. Gave the dj $15 on an extremely slow Sunday to play a song. The night ended and he never played the song. When I asked for my money back, essentially was told to f**k off. Only good thing about this place is the taco truck connected to it. Other than that, I plan on avoiding this place like and STD, which you might get simply by waking in.
2	This place is more selective with the crowd that they allow. I have been here multiple times with friends and it's fun but the services is "meh" The best part about this place is the tacos. I know that the reason it even has 3 star is because of this. Head over to The Rock for a good time ;)
1	Guys watch your CASH, bartenders always try to rip you off. When they get a large $50 or $100 dollar bill they try to give you change for $20.  They treat you like crap. telling you: "What do you want?".
1	If you enjoy hearing Lady Gaga 17 times in one hour & then being openly mocked by the bartender because your drink choice wasn't masculine enough, this is the place for you. The staff & patrons here are the most stuck-up, unfriendly, boring guys on the planet. Unfortunately, I forgot why I don't come here & ventured out one last time on NYE. Huge mistake, but I've learned my lesson.Added Bonuses:- If you touch anything in this bar, you will go home with a disease. - The dance floor is so filthy and sticky you won't be able to move your feet.
1	Horrrrible!!!!! Last night I was at Charlies and I was assaulted by a male customer we both bumped into eachother by accident he then grabbed my arm and wrist and twisted it!! My wrist is swallon. I told him to Never touch a women like that! I was totally caught off guard and was not expecting that. The Manager Ruben Contreras saw the whole thing and heard me yell in shock. He then Told me to leave. I tried to explain to him what had happened. He escorted me out so quickly, I didn't not get a good look or the name of the man who had assaulted me.    I Believe Charlies is a Sexiest place!              They do make ONLY women pay a 5. Fee to come in just to treat them Like SHIT. I am absolutely Disgusted and Repulsed with Rubens Contreras  behavior. I have filed a police report on Ruben Contreras.  I would like everyone to hear and know this. So this DOES NOT HAPPEN TO YOU! I will NEVER GO BACK TO THAT BAR AGAIN!
4	Stopped in relatively early on a Friday night to enjoy $1 drinks till 9 PM. Charlie's was pretty empty, which everyone kept saying was unusual, but I don't typically enjoy large crowds so I was fine with just a handful of people around.Everyone working there were nice and friendly. Drinks were strong. I love the outdoor seating area - there's covered areas, areas that look like bleachers, regular tables, and areas to stand. There's also a volleyball area which looks pretty fun. Inside was an amazing dance floor that was just getting started when we left. I could see that being an awesome time.Overall I had a nice time. I would stop in again when it isn't super busy.
1	Had to give it one star b/c couldn't give it ZERO. This is not female friendly - women (not those in drag), but women are charged a cover to get in. This is a guys only bar - even though they will tell you otherwise. They are not about equality - yuck!!!
4	I've been coming here by default for years. I guess you could say that, at times, I've been a regular here. I don't ALWAYS have a good time but I rarely have a horrible time here. There's a great mix of people here. Everything from twinks, bears, daddys, trendy snobs, geeks, drag queens, "masculine" guys with high pitched voices, feminine guys with deep voices, and the ever popular "normal" guys.They pour a good, stiff drink here and have reasonable specials.On the topic of women, women really aren't present here nor have I ever had the perception that they are really wanted here. They charge girls cover and they don't allow purses larger than a small clutch. This is a guy bar. I have girl friends but I like that this bar is full of guys. That's why I come here.The bar could use a facelift. It's dated.
3	This review is based on my experience at Charlie's for years 2012 - 2013.Being a straight female, it was kind of weird hanging out at a gay bar at first. I didn't necessarily feel unwelcome at Charlie's, but the fact that they charge a cover for women only kind of says something. I was always with a group of pals, and we had a lot of fun. I will say that the drinks are very strong, and the prices aren't bad.I haven't been back in a while, but would return if given the opportunity.
5	I was there 7/26/14, I'm a straight female and I had a blast! The staff were all nice to me. I have never been to a gay bar before but I will definitely go back. The cover charge for females isn't a big deal, they want men in there. Just like at "straight bars" men are charged a cover because they want females in there. The drinks were cheap and strong. The line dancing of gay men and the drag show was a nice change of pace. The only thing I didn't get was the no purse thing. (You can bring a wristlet) but I guess it goes back to the "they want more men in there." No biggie I just brought my necessities and was good. I loved this place!
4	sorry i missed 4th of July here!
4	Nice setting place good staff and very friendly.Typical gay place for relaxation and meeting new interesting people.
1	Charlie's is truly a despicable establishment. They are sexist and will steal your money.
1	Back again on a tuesday and they clearly don't care. Bar staff is really attentive but the music is still awful. Get a new dj!
5	What a blast!!!! Bartenders are HOT! Luv country dancing with Elvin! His boots are made for walking! :)
