5	Another great Italian find!My BF and I went to Roma Garden for dinner last night because he was given a gift certificate there from a friend.  We'd never heard of it, but we're always up for trying something new, especially with $50 towards our meal.  We pulled up to their strip mall location without expectations and we were both pleasantly surprised!When you walk in, the lighting and decor are welcoming and the staff is friendly and attentive.  It was a Thursday night and there were plenty of other guests in the restaurant, and there was a lively energy in the air.  After browsing the menu, I ordered one of the few 'Chef's Specials' of the night - tilapia with fresh veggies and pasta in a lemon caper sauce.  BF went with Pollo Parmagiana.  He had a glass of cabernet and I had pinot grigio... and voila - a warm bread basket arrived on our table at just the right time!We were both happy with our orders when they arrived as well... the fish was cooked just right and the sauce was tasty... good portions as well!  Although we were full, we decided to order a dessert to share - the homemade snow white chocolate tartufo - yum!  The perfect sweet ending to our meal.  In addition, we were each brought an after dinner drink of amaretto on the rocks, on the house.****I just have to share that I was pleasantly surprised that the women's restroom was clean, spacious, and had a fresh fragrance to it - I normally don't notice that, but I was impressed by this!In speaking to the waiter and the owner, we learned that this restaurant recently changed locations but they've been in business for over 15 years.  Gotta love the local businesses that last in the valley... we'll be back to support Roma Garden and enjoy their fine "Northern Italian Cuisine" without a doubt.  I suggest you go check it out also - bon appetito!
5	Culinary Adventure #2 in Phx went MUCH MUCH better than #1. This is a place my dad frequents, and kept talking about all day so I was eager to give it a shot. As we were driving up I noticed it was in a stripmall-esque area and I was like "Daaaad...why always the strip mall places". But as soon as we got in - definitely a different atmosphere than I expected. The front area is a decent bar and a waiting area; the TV in the corner was showing the ASU/UofA Bball game. There were about 4 tables full in there but it was after 8pm on a Wednesday so, I didn't hold that against them at all. Everyone knew my dad and greeted our table with warm smiles. Some quips about the Cards and we ordered; my dad pretty much knew what was good so we went with that. Bread was awesome - a nuttier bread which I am always a fan of. Get the garlic butter to spread on - mmmm. We got a 'special' meal that my dad concocted that he's evidently had there numerous times - grilled (not breaded) eggplant, and a side of penne with peppers/mushrooms in an al diavolo sauce. Very good. The sauce was especially spectacular. The service was nice - attentive yet not intrusive. Best. After clearing our plates and bringing out dessert, they brought over some amaretto on the rocks 'to wash down our meal'. What a nice touch!I had nothing bad to say about this place, except for I don't think people know much about it since it's tucked into a stripmall next to (I think) a dry cleaner or some other inane business. Highly recommended and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Phx!
5	My parents live in the neighborhood and kept raving about this restaurant. We were skeptical --in my opinion, there's very little really good Italian food in the Phoenix area and let's not even talk about Olive Garden (blech)--but we tried it anyway.  We were so pleased with our experience, we were nearly giddy as we left and have been back several times since.  This is by far the best food, Italian or otherwise, that we've had--pretty much anywhere.  The restaurant is tucked down the side of a nicer "strip mall" --which is perhaps why more people don't know about it. The interior is mellow, cozy and very nicely decorated with a Tuscan feel.  The service is outstanding and strikes the right balance of personal and professional. Do not expect aloof, snooty wait-staff. The servers here are warm, interactive and professional --and they know how to keep a water glass filled.  The food is fabulous!  On the nights we've been there, they've had almost too many specials to remember--all that we've tried have been excellent.  I've had the italian salad, which is huge and a cut above most salads.  The canneloni is simply to-die-for. I've only ever gotten to eat about 1/3 of it due to poachers stealing bites off my plate.  It's so good, that on one visit, everyone at the table ordered it.  The catch-of-the day specials have invariably been perfectly cooked, creative and tasty.  The house chianti is very mellow, tasty and a good value.  The times we were there, they've served complimentary amaretto on the rocks as an after-dinner drink.  The prices are reasonable for the quality of the food --most entrees are in the $14-$22 range and well worth it.  Also --they are a participating restaurant at Restaurant.com--often times there are $25 gift certificates to be had for a few dollars (seriously--check it out--we didn't believe it, either, until we visited the website)  There are some minimal restrictions on usage.Update:  They no longer offer the Restaurant.com certificates.  However, they do email special deals occasionally, so sign up in their guest book!
4	I tried Roma today... and I like it. Roma is located in a strip mall on 40th St and T-Bird. facing west towards 40th St. Between the Panda Express and the water place. The decor is nice and inviting, the chairs were comfortable to sit in. The lunch salad was small and lacking, it had Romaine and one slice of tomato. I had Blue cheese, which was lacking too. BUT it was a good salad. They hot Italian bread warmed in the oven with a nice garlic butter. I had a chicken breast dish, cooked in a white wine, with sliced sausage and mushrooms. Pasta with marinara and steamed veggies (broccoli, green beans, snap peas, carrots) The chicken was a little tough but could still be cut with a fork, the sausage and mushrooms were excellent, and I do not like mushrooms. I added some of the garlic butter while it was still hot for some extra pizazz. All together it was a really good dish. The pasta was great, with a perfect marinara. Sprinkle some Parmesan cheese on top. The veggies were cooked perfectly and had a good flavor.
5	This truly, truly is a hidden gem in northern Phoenix. If you live in Phoenix or have stayed in Phoenix for longer than a day, you will realize that the city is practically overtaken by chain restaurants. I went here on a recommendation from a Phoenix local and I have been to this location every time I start to crave Italian. The food tastes, looks and feels homemade. Location and space wise, this place may not have the pizazz of a Tomaso's or Maggiano's, but the quality of the food to the cost of the meal by far outweighs what any Italian marble or rich mahogany wood trim could add to a great Italian meal. Interesting to note, there isn't a single Pizza offering anywhere on the menu. Its really focused on regional, Italian food. If I were to make a menu recommendation, really consider ordering a special over the main staples of the menu. I won't really go into any specific dishes, but I will say that the sauces do not taste like they come from a jar and are well executed. Tip: I think there might be an unwritten rule that if you order a decent amount of courses, you will get a nice complementary round of amaretto or a dessert to share. I have seen this done to several others on different occasions and to myself more often or not.
3	I went to Roma Garden to help cheer up a friend who was recently let down by his fellow man.   He said a rich creamy Alfredo would perk him up.  I had just heard about Roma Garden and it was in my friend's  neighborhood so we went.  The restaurant faces East in the strip mall on the South West corner of 40th St. and Thunderbird.  Next to Panda Express.  It is not a big place.  We were the only guests there for an early dinner.  Candlelight and fresh roses at the table and I still didn't feel cozy.  My knife had something on it.  I ended up not using it.  We were the first guests of the evening and it seemed like our waiter hadn't adjusted to the fact that he was at work.  Kind of sluggish.  Not impressed so far.The bread saved the day.  It was hot and fresh and was accompanied by an herb butter.  My main dish was the Chicken Saltimbocca.  The ingredients were fresh and the side of pasta and marinara were good.  My guest won in my book.  He had ravioli with lobster and crab topped with pink sauce.  He got his rich and creamy.  I had a sample.  Wow!!!For dessert I had the tiramisu.  It was presented well and tasted okay.  My friend had the chocolate mousse cake and he said it reminded him of Jello pudding.  This one did not stand out.  It was presented well though.I would come back for the bread and would try something else on the menu.Roma Garden was A-OK.
1	I heard good things about this place and thought I'd bring my daughters there for dinner.  I ordered shrimp parmesan for 20 dollars and got four overcooked shrimp covered in sauce with watery white rice on the side.  My daughter ordered Linguini with clams and it was too gritty for her to eat.  I literally heard her bite into a sandy clam.  My other daughter ordered fettucini alfredo which was decent.  The best part of the meal was the bread served beforehand.  Even the caesar salad was disappointing.  I have to say that for a $75 tab, there are plenty of other places I would rather go.
4	Had the chance to FINALLY try this place the other night.  Italian food isn't usually our first choice, but our interest ( and hunger) got the better of us that night. The place is very cozy...not over done in Italian motif and very unpretentious.  We were seated quickly and after being served water we treated to a review of some delicious sounding specials.  We chatted  a bit about it and decided on the Veal Osso Bucco and Scallops, both in a wine sauce,  with pasta and vegetables.  Before our meals came, we were treated to some awesome piping hot bread!  We would have had more, but wanted to save room for dinner.....we would go there just for the bread! Our waiter was very attentive and it didn't take long for our food to arrive.   Fabulous choices!  Both the veal and the fish were super tender and left us wanting more...even though we were stuffed.  The scallops were pretty big and they threw in a few jumbo shrimp on top for good measure.....also perfectly cooked.  The pasta was also prepared just right and the vegetables were the best we have ever been served.  Our order was not cheap, however we are interested in coming back to try some of the regular items on the menu.  The meal was topped of with a complimentary shot of chilled ammaretto....delish!
5	i just ate the best chicken caesar salad of my life. seriously. it was amazing. moist, white meat chicken, crisp, cold, fresh romaine. perfect dressing. crunchy croutons. fresh black pepper. other reviewers have already given you the details on the bread and herb butter, and i concur 100% - it was served hot and fresh and tasted phenomenal. i was so sad i had to limit myself to one slice. my coworker loved her chicken parm. service was perfect, and not at all stuffy. lunch was a great value. i was amazed by the the restaurant's ambiance: dark and cozy with classic jazz. playing in the background. you forget you're in a strip mall the moment you walk in the door. roma garden ristaurante would be a great place for a date. the whole menu looks amazing. i can't wait to try every carb-laden delight they serve as soon as i'm off this horrible diet.
4	This place was so great - perfect date spot.  Family-owned & operated with super friendly, prompt service; very knowledgeable about the items on menu / wine list.  The food was wicked delicious!  Yes, its in a strip mall... No it doesn't feel that way when you're inside.  I hope this place sticks around.  Plus its in the same plaza as the Dub, so you can have a great dinner then go around the corner and get sauced.  Bonus.
5	Our favorite Italian Restaurant in Phoenix. Great food, great friendly service, very unpretentious. People come from all over the Valley for the eggplant parmesan.
5	My new favorite restaurant is Roma Garden Ristorante. When my boyfriend was looking  for a place for us to eat he ran across this location, hidden in an unassuming strip mall so many people could easily pass by this place and not realize what they are missing. Fantastic place to eat! Lighting and omnibus beautiful. Workers are always friendly and helpful, and most importantly food is great. If you want great Italian do yourself a favor and head to Roma Garden!
4	We love Roma Garden! The food is fresh, tasty, and seemingly authentic. The staff is really friendly and knows most of my family  by name. They are prompt and courteous without being too stuffy. The atmosphere is nice and cozy. And the food? Delicious! We love it. We had my brother's wedding luncheon there and it was a lot of fun. They reserved the entire restaurant for us and the service was excellent. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone! Great for anniversaries or a nice dinner out with your significant other!
4	This place was awesome. You are completely thrown by the outside. You walk in and you feel like you're in an upscale Scottsdale joint without the Scottsdale prices. The food was amazing. There were 4 of us and we were all very happy with our dishes. The Italian Sausage is amazing!
5	Wow!  Who knew a little Italian restaurant at 40th St and Thunderbird in a strip mall would be this good.  Not just good...phenom!  It's mostly northern Italian food.  The portions are the perfect size, which allows you to try an app, meal and dessert.  We started out with the eggplant app.  My hubby doesn't like eggplant but gobbled this up!  The sauces are a little on the sweet side but still excellent.  The wine selection was good and the service was good.  I love that they serve the house wine by the glass, 1/2 carafe or full carafe.  The house wine was actually quite good.  Definitely need to check this place out. We will be back for sure.
5	This is the best Northern Italian place in Phoenix and the best I have ever been to in all my travels.  It is hiding in a strip mall right next to a water place and Panda takeout.  But if you brave the folks looking for their next fix of orange chicken you will find a place that meets every one of my (high) expectations.The food is fresh, full of flavor and cooked perfectly (and I should know I cooked at gourmet restaurants for years).  They do have an extensive menu, but the gems are usually the specials.  Their specials are whatever they found that is the freshest and yummiest. And if you want it prepared in a specific way, no problem--it will be perfect.  I have never had a bad meal.  The service is friendly, they remember your name and  preferences such as your flavor of vodka and that you don't like one dish served on the same plate as another.Run, don't walk, and have the best Northern Italian meal you have ever had.
5	My sister and I tend to base where we go out to eat on Yelp and Urbanspoon reviews. After fussing with our parents for an hour of where to eat, we found Roma Garden right here on Yelp. Best decision we could have made. The staff is what really makes this restaurant awesome. You could tell that the regulars had developed relationships with the servers, management, even the chef, and as newcomers, we were treated no different. Our waiter was so nice and pleasant, and really cared for us. Italian food is always the hardest place for me to find something to eat that's actually tasty (I'm gluten intolerant, yikes!) and they were more than willing to make something special for me, even though there were a couple of items listed that I could eat safely. I got a halibut dish accompanied with mussels, shrimp, rice, and some vegetables. OH. MY. GOD. It was like sex. Whatever that sauce was, it was just perfect, and the fish and mussels were really fresh and flavorful. I'll definitely be coming back whenever I'm home from school, because this place is just too awesome to pass up.
5	Amazing place. I had the swordfish with pasta and fresh veggies. Delicious great service! Although the check was a little late the waiter brough amaretto on the rocks to apologize!
5	Quest CompleteFor years we've been on that quest to find an Italian Ristorante that fulfills those memories from our youth. Generous, steaming hot portions of wonderfully flavorful Italian favorites. We wanted to experience those memories and to share them with our kids (11 & 13) who have no frame of reference.Unfortunately we've had so many false starts over so many years we've gotten quite skeptical. As mentioned in other reviews the location of Roma didn't mitigate our skepticism much, around the far corner in a strip mall that is mostly closed up gave us a long moment of pause. Upon entering our worries were calmed. Nicely appointed, comfortable and inviting, we were relieved. The menu is familiar yet there are plenty of options you may not expect. Veal is my favorite dish but I've been disappointed for over 20 years so I resisted. We decided to stay with some classic's. Caesar Salad for an appetizer, Spaghetti & Meatballs, Lasagna Bolognese, Mostaccioli and Chicken Cacciatore. The busser brought a huge portion of hot, toasted bread with herbed butter to get started.The herbed butter was a pleasant surprise as we've found that most chef's overdo it on the herbs. The Caesar was pleasant, tangy and we accepted the offered extra parmesan & ground pepper. The food come out as we were all taking our last bites - perfect!All four dishes were fantastic. Healthy, steaming hot portions of perfectly cooked pasta, hallelujah!!!! Someone who understands that "al dente" doesn't mean chewy, it means firm. Plenty of gooey melted cheese, wonderful sauces, hearty meatballs, flavors that complemented each dish perfectly. We gorged ourselves, happy to share with each other the reality that each one of us chose something we really enjoyed, what flavors, what fun!The service was nice, not overbearing, overly formal, rushed or slow. The table was well maintained, refills came at the appropriate times, small talk and smiles were honest and easy. A perfect compliment to the meal.We had no room for dessert but we still got the Outrageous Chocolate Cake - gone in 1 minute. We were stuffed, but had (4) boxes heavy with left overs to take and enjoy at home. The final treat was the complimentary Amaretto aperitifs to cap off the finest Italian meal we've had in over 20 years.To top off the entire experience we got to chat with the owners just before leaving. It really doesn't get any better. (Veal next visit for sure.)P.S.  Well, I guess it does get better - after a 2 hour ride back to Flagstaff our son decided that he enjoyed his meal so much he couldn't wait until the next day so he heated up his left overs before going to bed. (I think he just wanted to make sure I didn't get to them before he could ;-)
3	So this is the place we ended up going after all of my research for where to go for the B day dinner, my dad decided that we should have one dinner for my brother and I, and then the place we chose was not to his liking so my dad ended up picking this place. So I was kind of down on the place from the beginning. Anyway, we had a group of 11 people and for a good amount of time we were the only people in the restaurant. We ordered the calamari for an appetizer and they also brought out their bread. I think the bread was the best part of the whole restaurant, the garlic butter was really good. The calamari was good too, it had kind of a spicy sauce, so I liked that. I ended up ordering the chicken princess, which is chicken in a wine sauce with asparagus on top. The waiter said 'Chicken princess for the princess.' Really? Really? It's not like I'm 10 years old. Who says that? I found that really weird. And then when he brought it out he said it again... I found it very strange. Other than that the service was fine. But come on. So on to the food. My chicken was really good, but the sides that came with it were not good. It came with gnocchi in alfredo and with some veggies. The alfredo was a bit strange, and I don't think it complimented the chicken, they should have used a different sauce because the two white sauces kind of clashed. Also, the veggies had way too much lemon squeezed on them. They just tasted like lemon.... not so good. I tried what my dad ordered (lamb shank) and I was not a fan, but he seemed to like it. I heard the eggplant was just ok, and that the clam sauce was good. I also tried some of their Caesar salad and that was pretty good, the croutons had a nice flavor. Anyway, I don't know if I would come back here, especially given that I live so far away from the restaurant; However, if you live around the corner it's a decent place to try.
5	Went with a few people and everyone loved it. I got the chicken parm and it was probably best I've ever had.
5	Wonderful! We just moved into the neighborhood and decided to try Roma Garden based on the reviews here on Yelp. Needless to say, we were not disappointed. It is a family owned restaurant, and the service was extremely friendly, and treat you like family. Try the pork chops! The bread and salads were also delicious. Can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu!
5	...And now I know what Italian food is supposed to taste like.If there's one thing I hate, it's when I can make any style of food better than a restaurant that supposedly specializes in it. A Filipino kid born in Texas should NOT be able to make better Italian food than venues that claim mastery over the cuisine, and yet more often than not -- at least here in Arizona -- that has been the case. Even at good restaurants, my food was at least comparable in quality. Not the case here -- not even close. Roma Garden laughs at my cooking. Roma Garden's power level is over 9000. All my base are belong to Roma Garden. After reading the glowing reviews from both Hilary K. and Gabi M., I rallied to get my family to eat here in celebration of my sister's graduation. Inconspicuously nestled in a strip mall where it shares a wall with a Panda Express, Roma Garden does not look like the kind of place that would serve some of the best Italian food in Arizona. The interior is far nicer than the outside suggests. It's very cosy, but the unusually large chairs make it a tad difficult to get seated. Entry into the seat closest to the wall was akin to scooting across the seat in a booth. We had little issue with this because none of had to use the restroom during our visit, but I imagine that this would be quite annoying for tables with more active bladders.The whole menu looks rather large, but in reality a lot of the dishes are just repeats of other dishes, but with different proteins. Not a complaint, just a note.We started off with the calamari, because it tends to be a good indicator of a restaurant's style. The calamari were breaded slightly more than I would have liked, but I prefer a very light breading. By traditional standards, I'm sure these were just fine. Not the best I've had, but definitely good.My braised lamb shank, on the other hand, was stellar. The shank was cooked perfectly -- braised just enough to maintain its integrity, while requiring very little coaxing to remove from the bone. The uncomplicated flavor of the lamb worked so well with the chianti-tomato sauce, and pasta on the side was great, too. Our waiter said they make their own pasta, although I'm not sure that if the pasta I ate was homemade. No matter. The sauce killed. The lamb killed. My culinary hubris: massacred.My sister had the osso bucco; my mom had the pollo Roma Garden; and my dad had the shrimp scampi. All the dishes on the table looked equally appetizing, but I can't say I'd have ordered differently if I could go back and do it again. My dish was just too awesome.We finished the night with some tiramisu, which, while not a revelation, was very good. I enjoy mine with a hint of rum in it, but my whole family enjoyed it, and so I was overall happy with it.Service was very friendly. Our server, whose name unfortunately escapes me, was enthusiastic-bordering-on-corny, but I'll take that over lazy and lackadaisical any day. He was on top of everything and very eager to field questions about the food. No complaints here.The restaurant is less than a mile from my parents' house, and so it seems criminal to not pay Roma Garden a visit the next time I'm in Phoenix. It's not cheap, but the huge portions and even bigger flavors have me won. Definitely my current favorite Italian restaurant.
4	Roma Garden is a nice, small place that is great for a romantic dinner with your loved one. The food was good and rich in quality. I believe the menu is mostly $14+ items. The waitstaff is very friendly and do their best to make your evening out as comfortable as possible.
5	I'm so happy that Roma Garden is getting so many fantastic reviews! I have been going there for years, even when it used to be located on Bell Rd.The service is always warm and friendly. The owner is a very sweet Italian man who makes sure everyone is enjoying the food and experience. It is perfect for a romantic dinner. Nice decor and lighting. And the complimentary amaretto shot at the end of dinner is a nice touch.My husband has ordered a variety of dishes and loved them all. Especially their specials. I always order their eggplant parm. It is the BEST I have ever had. It comes with a side of pasta and I order it with pesto sauce. AMAZING pesto. Creamy and delicious.I work close by and occasionally order take out for lunch. Under $9 and comes with bread. The portion is so huge I have lunch for the next day too!I haven't had dessert there yet but my friend says they make delicious desserts. I have always been to full to try them!Knowing that Roma Garden exists makes it a crime to go to Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill. For just a little more money, you can have a freshly cooked AUTHENTIC Italian meal instead of that pre-prepared crap that OG and MG serves...
5	Delicious, delicious, delicious...from the wine, to the bread and garlic butter...the entrees and on to the desserts! Nice atmosphere and great service as well. This is a must go to restaurant!
5	Love this place.  Its in a small dingy parking lot, but its very nice and intimate inside.  I have been several times.  Their pasta is made fresh and the almost everything on the menu is good.  Service is always prompt, even when I order togo.
4	Excellent service, classy (at least, that's how my parents/grandparents even would describe it), classic food done well. Even from the delicious bread and butter start, you know they've got it figured out. This place knows what it is and does it well. The lasagna and spaghetti and meatballs are solid choices.
2	okay so the veal was "good", but to advertise as good for kids and not have booster or high chairs is a stretch to say the least.
5	One of the finest restaurants we ate at in Phoenix.Roma Garden is located in a strip mall on the far, far, far northeast side of Phoenix. Don't be put off by its exterior, though--there's good food in here.My wife had the spaghetti and meatballs, and the picky eater that she is, it's a high compliment for her to say that these were the best spaghetti and meatballs she's ever had. They were huge (2" or more!) and tender... hooray for panades! The sauce was flavorful but thin and not chunky.I had the veal with mushrooms and artichoke. This was good and fresh; I wasn't sure what exactly would come back, but this veal reminded me more of a thin slice of pork than anything else. Even though it wasn't what I expected, it ended up very good.We had calamari for an appetizer. It was very crunchy and the marinara sauce, like the spaghetti sauce, was wonderfully fresh and coated the calamari well.Service was exceptional! The staff was on top of the meal and our drinks, and they were very helpful. Roma Garden was the best way for us to end our time in the southwest.
4	The food and the atmosphere were great.  Not what I expected from a place in a strip mall.  I would definitely recommend giving it  a try!
3	A-OK sounds right.  We all wanted some Italian for our family fun night dinner, and we were kinda on our way to that side of town (half way on the way, jump street on 59th and bell) so I figured whats a little further gonna hurt if we go somewhere that is suppose to be pretty good.  Yelp says its good for kids, but we felt like maybe that isn't exactly correct when we walked in, there were no other kids at all.  I try to teach the kids that nude art is not wrong, but they were still caught off guard, so the statue and paintings made them feel like it was not for kids either.  Overall there was a strong feeling of eyes looking at the table with the kids...I could have been feeling self conscious, but it wasn't all in my head.  I  went into an "oh well, its no biggy" mode just so we could eat and move on with our night.  We had driven over an hour to get there, so we were starving and not willing to hunt something else down.  Our waiter was nice, but was also busy with a big party, so our service took a lot longer, but that is totally fine and understandable.  The bread and butter was very good, it made me excited for the meal to come.  I ordered chicken Parmesan, the Hubby and oldest ordered Chicken Fettucini Alfredo, and the youngest ordered lasagna.  Overall the food was OK.  It wasn't bad. The marinara is good, so my parm was good. The kids gobbled their food up. It was not wonderful, amazing, great, it was good. Even if it were not so far, I can't say I would be back again.  I think we could have had a little better food right here at Babbo.
4	The left over chicken parm was so much better the next day, I am craving it now, so I have to bump up a star.  The alfredo and lasagna may not bring me back, but the chicken parm would for sure.
2	I have been to this restaurant several time and it seems here quality has gone down hill. After the sloppy lasagna I got last time i figured I would give them another chance but only time find they have slipped even further! I will not be back for a third rip off. Prices are way to high..
3	Food was good. I had the Choppino Fruittas de Mare. Apparently the serving is large as the server hinted that it may be too large for me, but the serving was typical for a Fruits de Mare type plate that I've had at other restaurants. Sauce was nice: spicy and good flavor. Pasta was cooked well and the right portion size, I think people add too much pasta to make the dish look larger. Other than the imitation crab (a disappointment but not a deal breaker) the seafood was cooked nicely between the calamari, mussels, etc. Kid's spaghetti was very good. I taste all the kid's spaghetti since I have 3 kids and invariably someone doesn't finish or even start their bowl. The pasta was cooked well, the meatball was decent, but the sauce was shick and chunky (not watery which I hate) and covered all the pasta (which for some reason other restaurants can't seem to do). There isn't a specific kid's menu but the server said they make kid's portion size of anything on the menu but the price isn't available to be seen so you have to trust they aren't going to bend you over on those, which they didn't. Bread, of course, was available prior to meals. The butter used is very tasty, some type of garlic I think. Bread was warm, soft, and not overcooked.Now I would have given 4 stars except for a few exceptions: the decor and slower service. Decor was dreadful, sorry. Old and dated. I think their target demographics is 50 years old or greater as the chairs, pictures, and everything inside screams 1970's. The chairs remind me of an old conference hall. The lighting is on the dark side. I guess if I was out on a date or with 4 retired couples, it would be a nicer decor, but with 8 adults and 5 kids it just doesn't fit quite right.Kid friendly not quite, but kid accomidating is more like it. Since the ambience is darker and softer volume on conversations, having loud and obnoxious kids is not the right place for them.Overall, the food is good, servers friendly but not the family friendly place I usually prefer.
4	Don't be fooled by the location in a strip mall.  Go there.  It's some of the best food I've had in Phoenix.  We showed up with 6 people and no reservation.  No problem!  It's clearly a place with a solid base of regulars, as evidenced by the gregarious interaction between the staff and patrons.  Two of the people in our party had not been to the new location since they moved from Bell Rd., and so were hoping it was still as good as it used to be, and it did not disappoint!   My father ordered veal (can't remember honestly if it was parm or marsala), and said it was some of the best he had ever tasted.  Three of us ordered the Pollo Piemontese and LOVED it.  Reasonably priced, beautifully presented, and the staff is top-notch.  We were so full from dinner that we declined dessert, and as a treat the owner sent over an after-dinner aperitif on the house.  You don't get treated like that every day, now do you?  I'll be back next time i'm in Phoenix, you can count on that.
4	It's a great place to dine with you and your family. You will really experience Rome in AZ!
5	The best Italian restaurant in Phoenix; better value than Aiello's.  Finally, a restaurant that knows how to cook pasta!  Their ravioli is amazing!!!
5	Great food and service. Would definitely return if I'm in the area. My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs and I had the pollo Oscar. Both were delicious.  Try to go between 4-6 for happy hour.
5	We have lived in the Phoenix area for about 15 years. As East Coast Italian-Americans we struggled to find good, authentic Italian food here. It first it was atrocious. Over the years things got better and now we have one or two places we feel offer the good Italian food in Arizona.Some friends asked us to join them for dinner Roma Gardens and what a fantastic experience it was. I usually find one or two things that are just OK. But here, EVERYTHING from the bread and butter to dessert was EXCELLENT. Service was just right, food preparations and temperatures were as they should be. The owner thanked us on our way out.I think this may become our favorite restaurant, if future visits turn out like this one.
4	The food at this place is amazing. Blows olive garden away Big Time. So far best Italian restaurant in Phoenix. Great food, great atmosphere. Only draw back is it's a little small. Other than that would of been 5 star
4	Visited this restaurant based on the Yelp ratings and comments.  I must say, I agree with the great comments.  Small little place, but when you're inside you kind of forget it's in a strip mall... white linen tablecloths, formal place settings, candles....       The bread came out hot and along side it was some garlic herb butter which was very yummy but a bit too garlicky for my husband.  Hard for anything to be too garlicky for me!  I got the chicken parmigiana which was fantastic.  The red sauce was excellent and that's what makes a good Italian restaurant.  Very basic but flavorful.  My husband ordered the veal cordon bleu special which was amazing.  The main dish was SO good, but the veggies that came with it were also delicious.  We don't even like brussel sprouts which were part of the medley, but devoured these ones.  Not sure how they cooked them.  I thought it was kind of pricey when ordering, but after eating it, I felt it was worth it.  Even though this place is in no way conveniently located to us, we'll be back!
5	My husband and I went  to Roma Garden for dinner two weeks ago.We love the food,the wines,the service and the ambiance.It was our first time,but I'm sure we will go back soon.We love italian food and this is a good option for a nice dinner ,portions are great and prices are very reasonable.I highly recommend it!
5	Amazing Italian food! The location in a strip mall is a little misleading, but don't be put off by it. Inside it is a cozy, romantic restaurant. Servers are very friendly and knowledgeable, and there are always a LOT of chef specials. Seafood is always a good choice, and my roommate swears by their chicken parm. Most recently I had an appetizer of crab cakes, which were delicious, and a chef-special scallop dish. Everything was incredibly flavorful and cooked perfectly. Most of the entrees run between $10-25, but they are so worth! Great wine selection, and I love finishing dinner with some amaretto. Definitely my favorite romantic date/special occasion spot!
1	I went there with a friend last year after reading so many good reviews. The service is good. We didn't have to wait but I didn't like the food I ordered. I had a salmon with caper butter sauce. The fish is not fresh at all and the food is too geasy for me.
5	Excellent atmosphere, great for a romantic date, good mood lighting, and knowledgable staff. The food was fantastic and I nearly just ate the bread they served as filler. I had the chicken cacciatore which came recommended by the waiter, I'd definitely go back here again.
3	Really surprised how average this place was with all the excellent reviews on here. My wife and I went for lunch, small menu, but it was lunch. Liked the atmosphere, it was in a little strip mall, but didn't feel like it when you entered. The host/bar tender/waitress (she did all 3) was very friendly with good service. The downside was the food. It was very average at best. I ordered a seafood past dish and it was just ok. The bread was really good. The food was not bad, don't get me wrong. I may try again just to see if it was what I ordered. Very average.
5	went there last night for dinner. it was very good as usual. Have not been disappointed
5	This is absolutely the best Italian restaurant in Phoenix. You will think you are in Italy! Every time I was here the owner-chef came out to say hello. Very friendly. My only warning is to say it's a bit pricey, but really not much more than other local places. We usually eat here for a special occasion. If you are on a budget, save up your money for a special birthday dinner here!
5	Fantastic environment, lively personable waiters, and delicious food. Been looking for a good Italian restaurant in the area for a long time, and I think we've found it.
5	Love this place feels like NYC littlie italy, cooking is authentic prices are amazingly reasonable service is the best.  Will NEVER GO anywhere else for good Italian home cooking.
5	Wonderful dinner. Totally enjoyed the eggplant parm and the polo Roma Garden. Service was great. (thanks Jen). Would definitely return.  Italian cooking at it's BEST.
2	We have eaten here many times over the years both at the original 40th St and Bell location and this newer location at 40th and Thunderbird location.  Nearly every time the food has been well prepared and delicious, plus the service was always attentive.  My only issue with it was I considered to be a rather pricy restaurant.The last two times we have been there have been rather disappointing.  I don't know if there is a new chef / owner or what, but the food is not as good as before and our dishes very greasy.  The prices are still as high as before.  The service we had the other night was abominable.   The server, Jenn, was one of the worst servers we have experienced in a long time.  There were two occupied tables when we arrived (and two other servers) and we had to wait for over ten minutes to be acknowledged and for our drink order to be taken.  The specials she told us were not the same as another server was telling his table.  The meal went downhill after that.  We had to ask and re-ask for just about everything.  The one bright spot was the bus girl who was so attentive.  Jenn kept telling us how busy she was (at her busiest she had three tables) yet she had plenty of time to talk at length to a table about what was happening on the TV show "Big Brother".  It even took forever to get the check, which was finally handled by another server.All in all, it was a disappointing, expensive meal that was ruined even further by a terrible server.
5	This place was amazing! We were in town for labor day weekend so I searched for a nice new place to try.      At first we thought we were in the wrong area, but there it was! A little hidden gem. The decor made me feel like I was somewhere else- I felt like I should have dressed nicer! It's very classy inside and the chairs are so comfy which is always a plus.      The bread was so good, we ended up asking for more twice! My friend got the cheese ravioli which was awesome, and my dad got the chicken piccata- yumm. I got the tortellini with mushrooms in alfredo sauce and it was so good. Creamy and rich and just what I want when I think Italian food. My parents appreciated the complimentary amaretto at the end! I will definitely come back here if I'm in the area again. It was all an Italian restaurant should be!
4	This place is hidden on the side of a strip mall, but It's worth the search. This place is northern Italian cuisine at it's finest. Almost makes me wish I was tall and had red hair. My companion and I enjoyed our meals immensely.We ordered an antipasto (split, off the menu) and pasta e fagiole. My companion ordered one of the daily specials, Princess Chicken. I had the Eggplant Parmagiana. We split an order of tiramisu for dessert. Our meals came with hot bread and a garlic-infused butter spread.The antipasto consisted of thinly sliced capaccolo, prosciutto, and a hard northern cheese. The pasta was al dente. The vegetables were cooked without being mushy. The pasta e fagiole had spaghetti instead of ditalini, but was otherwise great. The portions were more than ample. The tiramisu? Is there such a thing as "bad" tiramisu??Our waiter was knowledgeable and the service was excellent,Everything we ordered reminded me of home (New York City). This restaurant would not be out of place in NYC, Boston's North End or Providence's Federal Hill.
5	A strip mall gem.  From the outside you think nothing special.  But once inside you are impressed.  Then comes the service, and out comes the food, and you continue to be so.
5	I'm not usually a fan of italian food, but this place has a great menu! Very cozy feel to the place.
4	Good service and tasty food.
5	the food is so good compared to most food in az. it is a twist on ur classic italian food. it actually is really romantic and cute inside despite being next to panda express and being in a strip mall. it isn't cheap, but not too bad and the portions are huge. two people could share 1 meal and i tried my friends food-everything was delicious. the owner came and talked to us and they had classic italian music going on in the background. the only bad part was our server seemed miserable and didn't seem like she wanted to be there. i don't care i would go back b/c the food was soooo good and the setting was romantic.
4	First the cons: Yes, the decor is dated. With full on Italian music playing. And it was a little pricey for a neighborhood Italian place.But it gets 4 stars because the food was really good and the service. Everyone there was very friendly and warm, and they really seemed to care that you enjoy your meal.
4	This is surprising gem of a restaurant. The food is very tasty, service was great. I'd go back for a special evening.
5	If you are looking for outstanding food in a quiet, intimate setting, Roma Garden Ristorante is the perfect place for you. We read several of the reviews before going to Roma Garden. For those reviewers who complained about the atmosphere, we found those criticisms to be unfounded. We spent the afternoon in downtown Scottsdale, having lunch at one of the trendy restaurants. This place, and several others that we scoped out, made sure that their spaces were decorated with the latest styles and newest furniture. Roma Garden stays true to its roots. It is tastefully decorated; it feels like more of an extension of someone's home than a restaurant. Several of the still-life paintings on the wall were created for the restaurant. With a small bar and only about 10 tables, the setting is romantic and allows for quiet conversations with members of your party.The service was outstanding. Our services were personable and knowledgeable. We had a nice conversation with two of the servers, again, making the place feel more like someone's home than a restaurant.When we sat down, the table next to us had just received their meals. The smell of their food was intoxicating. We started with the stuffed mushroom appetizer which was unique and delightful. One of the reviewers mentioned the bread. We concur; the bread and herbed butter are a wonderful addition to the meal. The most challenging part of our meal was deciding what to eat. One can choose from an amazing array of classic Northern dishes. Our two choices, Pollo Saltimbucco and Pollo Piccante, did not disappoint. The side of pasta has a sweet and savory marinara sauce (making me wish that I had ordered either the lasagna or a pasta dish...maybe next time), and the side of vegetables was a nice balance to the main dish. Both portions were generous and incredibly tasty. They were each sauced well. It was clear that a great deal of care and experise were parts of the preparation.If we lived here, I imagine that Roma Garden would be a weekly destination for us. We love to go to places where the food is made with love and the staff loves what they are doing. Roma Garden fits the bill.
4	Excellent family owned business that knows how to make real Italian dishes!  Their prices are a little on the high side but you get plenty and it's good.  We had enough left over for next day's lunch. The waiter was nice and attentive even though it started to get packed at around 7ish. They even gave us free Amaretto drinks after dinner! :)  Going back for another romantic dinner soon.
5	Best Italian food I've ever had.  They got us in late notice on New Years Eve with a packed house.  We will be regular customers even though it is a 40 minute drive. Steve was a great waiter and got us a free dessert for the food taking a little longer than normal.
5	My wife found this place searching around for seafood restaurants in the area. Were it not for her, we probably never would have found Roma Garden or if we had seen it in passing, we would have just kept on going, and that would have been our loss.It doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in the front door, the aromas, decor, and very friendly service will show you something different than you'd ever expect from a strip mall storefront.There was a birthday party a few tables over and a variety of people of all ages who appeared to be having a very enjoyable evening.The food was excellent with fresh ingredients and generous portions and the service was attentive and helpful. Reasonable prices and easy access to parking rounds out the pleasant experience. We'll be back to sample more of their menu soon.
5	We eat at Roma at least once a month and it's fabulous!  Service is always wonderful and I have never been dissappointed with their food.  I especially like the shrimp parmesean and champaign chicken!  My only suggestion is that you order some pasta rather than rice with the shrimp parm.  And they always give us a small shot of almond liquer after dinner - nice touch...
3	Roma Garden is our neighborhood Italian Restaurant.  We visit there at least once a month.  We have special occasions there.  I recommend it to everyone we know.   However, recently they lost one of their chefs.  My husband, a friend and I went in on A Friday night.  We got there reasonably early, before the dinner rush was on.  We had the crab cakes and the stuffed clams.  They were absolutely wonderful. Then we waited.  Our salad showed up.  Then we waited.  And waited.  And waited. Finally, we asked our waiter about the length of time spent waiting.  He informed us about the loss of a chef.  Finally, our meal came out.  My husband and I had the Chicken Oscar.  Our friend had the special of the night--Lobster and Shrimp Ravioli.  We were not pleased with out meal.  Our friend said his ravioli became cold quickly.  Our chicken was dry and had a small slice of crab.  When we informed the waiter he did offer us a complimentary dessert.  Still....We were disappointed given that this restaurant had been amazing every time we have been there.    Their stuffed peppers are wonderful.  The Lamb shank is incredible.  The Chicken Princess or Piccata are equally good.  Unfortunately, this was less than their best.  The sad thing is that we have gone back to eat and also ordered take out; each time the food is less than par. Even our friend, who is in there weekly, said he won't be back for a few months.   Perhaps the bar was too high for too long?  Perhaps the better chef left?   What ever it is, I hope they get it back soon.  It is an elegant little restaurant that was magical when at the top of their game.
3	YELP you let me down this time. The food was bland. We had to ask for something to spice it up and they gave us thai seasoning. They had it ready at hand almost expecting people to ask for it. The seasoning was pretty good, but shouldn't it have been on it to begin with. The service was par, but the price was a bit steep. The atmosphere feels like it's been going down hill for quite sometime. The check came in a book that was falling apart. The drinks were fine, and overall it was a 3 star experience. I would not return; there is too many other Italian restaurant options.
4	V-Day 2013, destination: Roma Garden Ristorante! Here is the synopsis:~Fud/Drink~Fiance got the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and asparagus. It tasted well and had the flavors just right, the sauces were just a tad bland and oily. I got the Linguini Pescatore with mussels, shrimp and other fresh seafood mixed in a white wine sauce. I see a common theme with the flavors not being too exciting for other diners, which is a shame. Traditional cooking does assume that the flavors aren't supposed to overwhelm the entirety of the dish. If the flavors to you are bland, then I might suggest a place that over-emphasizes sauces, like the Olive Garden. I do agree, the white wine sauce was a less flavorful as others in the past, but I hate tasting the butter in the sauce, its a big turn-off in a dish. You have to  consider you are paying for the seafood, not the sauce...By the way, the seafood tasted fresh as it could be, the mussels  were especially fresh and flavorful. The shrimp also had the flavor you would expect from an animal living in the sea. The seafood was executed flawlessly, thus improving the pasta dish exponentially. The linguini was also cooked perfectly. The wines we shared were paired perfectly for our dishes, and although expensive, really tied the flavors of our dishes together.Honestly, if you come here, get something that is special. If you get a simple marinara, spaghetti and meatball dish....just why bother? MAKE IT AT HOME, Lazy. Come here to enjoy something that is difficult to execute...that's why you eat out at a nice establishment in the first place. I hate seeing people complain that they can make it at home...Go home and let me try your outstanding dish, I can't wait to try it Emeril! **That sounds just like something Gordon Ramsey would say, with a few "stupid donkey's" mixed in.** ~Atmosphere/Service~Romantic...is what comes to mind, of course. Its a nice little spot with a cute little room for service, the tables are done up nice. No music is piped in, its a relaxing and calm atmosphere. The bar room area up front is done just right, its not too large/small or pushes into the main room ruining the vibes. High tops are available to sit at as well as a bar to walk up to. Our waitress Jen knew all the specials and did not rush through them on a busy V-Day night. Instead she took time to go over all the options and the wine selection. She provided us the best service I have had in a while from a server. She consistently would come up at the perfect time to check in on us, and she was so personable and friendly. When I mentioned the 10% check in offer (which i was unaware of until I checked in), she immediately gave me the discount with a smile. She received a big tip, she deserved it for making our night even more special. Also the busser was a gentleman, he quietly helped put grated cheese/pepper on our dishes and without us asking put our food in our to-go boxes. The service is excellent.~Extras/Rating~On an excellent note, you get 10% OFF IF YOU CHECK IN ON YELP! YAY! That 10% went right back to our awesome waitress, who got a good tip, haha. We also got a free Amaretto in a glass at the end of the night, really great touch to a wonderful dinner! This is a 4.5 out of 5 in my book, but I will knock it down to 4 stars because of the semi-bland sauce...But its a solid restaurant, instantly my personal favorite family-owned Italian spot. Jen once again was amazing, see if you can get her as your server. I highly recommend this spot!!
5	Before yelp, my wife and I would always go the safe route when traveling to places we weren't familiar with.  If we wanted Italian, we'd go with the familiar restaurants like Olive Garden or something else well known.  The Roma Garden is literally a hidden gem.  If you happened to spot it from one of the main roads in Phoenix, you wouldn't even take a second look since it's in a plaza where every other unit is out of business.  Thanks to Yelp, we discovered this gem and found it to be the best Italian cuisine we've ever had.  Plus, the owner and waitress were very friendly and spent a lot of time getting to know us and also sharing other hidden gems within the city.  We would definitely go again.  Make sure you tell them you found them on Yelp.
5	Could be the best Italian restaurant I've been to.  Food and service we excellent.  It's in a strip mall and once you go inside it has a very upscale appearance.  The Pollo Saltimbocca was tremendous as were the specials my companions ordered.  Don't miss this restaurant!
5	I found this restaurant only through online research and selected it based on reviews here.  It did not let us down!  We took our large group when we were all in town for our annual spring training vacation.  Roma Garden accommodated us in a private, yet festive area.  The service was helpful, knowledgeable and very attentive.  Food was delicious and the Amaretto after-dinner drink was a great addition.  The prices are very reasonable.  All 14 of us had a great time, and it is hard to please all of us.  Highly recommended!
5	thank you! finally wonderful italian food ... yumm & double yumm!!!
4	Lots of fresh quality options here.  Definitely a gem...
4	Run, don't walk to Roma Garden.  You could miss this if you're not looking carefully, (hint:  it faces 40th street)  as it is just a strip mall storefront, but inside it is much better than expected.  Just the decor itself will wow you.  We went in without reservations and it happened to be prom night, but we were seated ASAP in the front section which was just lovely.  Our server, Jen, and her assistant, "El Magnifico" were so friendly, super attentive, even though they could have been all stressed about the big groups of prom kids in the main section.  No sweat, just another night for them.  Just loved the service.  Be sure to check in on Yelp and show them the 10% off coupon.  Free amaretto at end of meal.  I guess I should talk about the food.  It was our first visit so we played it safe, but the basics were good enough to plan for a return.  My spaghetti/marinara/sausage  (which was recommended by Jen when I told her I just needed to try the red sauce on my first visit)  was perfectly fine.  Hubby had stuffed peppers and we both loved them.  We like going to local places that are a bit more "fancy," and after being completely disgusted by Belfiore, we were extremely relieved to have our faith restored in nice Italian restaurants by visiting Roma Garden. Spinato's is closer to us but this place is more fitting for "date night."  The place just simply made us happy;  please go here and support them!
5	We went here for the first time last night. Service was extraodinary and the food was fantastic. I had the Butternut Squash ravioli. and my wife had the Mostacholli el Forno. We will return real soon to try some more delicious italian food. Maybe the Mussels in white sauce. My compliments to the chef and the owner. Great job by our server Marco.
5	Wonderful Italian food and spectacular service. Quaint atmosphere and nice touch the comped amaretto. Certain to return to this gem of a find.
5	Love the food our server Marco was amazing. The seafood fettichini was really good I will be back again
4	My friends are regulars at Roma Garden and I've joined them there several times now. The service is good, the food is great. Huge portions and they'll custom order for you when they have the ingredients on hand. They don't rush you through your meal and have a nice balance of attentive but not intrusive service. The free Amaretto at the end of the meal is an added bonus.
5	Don't let the location fool you.  The food, service and embience is fabulous. We are definitely going back - best Italian we've had in a long time!
2	So we got duped by all the rave reviews for this restaurant. First we get escorted to a tiny little table that was practically like sitting with the people at the next table. We asked to sit at the many empty tables for four. Were told no as they all had reservations. The waiter must have noticed the perplexed expression on my face because he came back after we sat and told us that a reservation had cancelled and offered us one of those tables...So points for that...Side note, all those tables were empty for the entire time we were there.I ordered the Chicken with prosciutto...I promise you that what I got was chicken with some sort of thick slab of very salty pork product that was not prosciutto, accompanied by the limpest over done pasta I've ever had..The noodles broke in the fork because they were so water logged and soggy. Also served with a basic marinara sauce that in no way complimented the lemon wine sauce on the chicken. My husband ordered the special..seafood risotto. Plenty of seafood, but we're still trying to decide if it was really risotto or some undercooked rice..There was none of the creaminess associated with well prepared risotto.After that we decided to go for broke and order the tiramisu..You can get better at your basic supermarket bakery.The service was very good as the waiter and busser were very attentive..
5	I have been on Yelp for over a year and am always the person to read everyone else's reviews, but never leave my own.  Well, Roma Garden has changed that!!  I want THE WHOLE WORLD to know how amazing their food, service and restaurant is.  My husband and I went there to celebrate date night as well as my 30th birthday.  We were lucky enough to have Jenn as our waitress and she was AMAZING!!  Never once did we feel rushed or pressured and she was always there to explain our options and answer all of our questions . We took our time and just enjoyed the surroundings.  We started our meal with the stuffed clams which were delicious.  And the Marsala wine sauce on top was like a heavenly gravy.  The complimentary bread and herb butter was the perfect accompaniment to my moscato.  Pedro (the magnifico) was always there to fill our waters, bring more bread and was so helpful without us having to ask for a single thing.  Now on to our meals....I ordered the seafood pasta (which wasn't even on the menu but they made it for me!).  It was a full lobster tail, calamari, mussels, clams, prawns (giant) over a bed of fettuccine and pink/vodka sauce!!! It was heavenly!!!  My husband ordered one of the evening's specials...the seafood risotto which had all of the same seafood as my pasta but it was over a bed of risotto with a homemade marinara sauce!  Needless to say....it was the best meal we have ever had!!  Not only was the food amazing, but the service was the best we have ever had.  And to top it all off, the prices were more than reasonable.  We have been to five start restaurants, and this food was hands down ten times better.  We will be coming back here for EVERY date night and will bring as many people as possible with us!!  Thank you Roma Garden, Jenn and Pedro (the magnifico) for making my 30th birthday over the top special!!
5	When I want traditional, old school italian, this is the place I choose.  It was my mother in law's birthday and as in previous years, we invited them for dinner.  Last year I took them to another Italian restaurant, and my father in law was scanning the menu and said: "where are the spaghetti and meatballs?" The waiter at that restaurant replied: "we don't do spaghetti and meatballs".  My father in law was not pleased, so I was not going to make that mistake again.  I made our reservations, even though it was during the week.  The restaurant seems to have a regular crowd at the bar.  Our server was very attentive and efficient.  Of course my father in law got his spaghetti and meatballs, actually he asked for half meatballs and half sausage and they were very accommodating.  My mother in law had the eggplant parmesan, my hubby had the special ravioli and I had the cannelloni.  It was delicious.  We finished with a piece of tiramisu cake and coffee.  At the end of the meal they offered us a round of Amaretto.  It was a wonderful meal and my in laws were very happy this year, score!
5	We have been to Roma Garden three different times and each time has never let us down.  The food is fantastic - authentic Italian.  The service is excellent - very attentive to our needs.  This last time I dined at Roma Garden was on my birthday, and the chef brought out a complimentary dessert and Amaretto on the rocks.  This was a nice touch to an already top-notch meal.There are a few other restaurants that call themselves Italian but aren't by any stretch.  One particular chain that has "garden" in its name comes to mind as a place that is about as non-authentic Italian as you can get.  Stay clear of those places and stick to locally-owned eateries like Roma Garden.
3	good service...pricey..a la carte.....would be busier if more family oriented....40th & Tbird is not white tablecloth area....
5	Arrive around 7:00 PM on a Wednesday evening. Wasn't too busy. Sat in the bar area. Service was quick. Enjoyed some bread and a nice glass of Malbec while waiting on my order. Took about 15 minutes.    Meal was hot and tasted great. Had the gnocchi with sausage and meat sauce.  Would recommend it. Great atmosphere.
5	Whoa! I mean there's a Panda Express and this place. The one word that describes this place is QUALITY.From the Roma Tomato Salad to our Seafood Risotto, I can still taste the olives and artichoke in my salad. Every bite was fresh and delicious! The risotto reminded me of being in New Orleans and tasting the amazing seafood. There were clams, mussels, calamari, lobster, and fish. Boy oh boy was my taste buds rolling. I got even more excited when my wife said she was full and I got to eat the rest of it.Random location but excellent food! We will see you again my risotto!
5	Awesome food service and atmosphere. We throughly enjoyed our dinning experience and strongly recommend this restaurant to all our friends and family
5	The food was wonderful and the staff very friendly and attentive. I will definitely come back again.
5	Awesome food, they are Gluten Free Friendly! Great service super cute place and extremely cleanEat here!
4	Pretty impressed with this hidden gem in Phoenix.  Great service, amazing Italian Cuisine and definitely a strong, loyal following.  The only thing that held us back was a slight hint of cigarette smoke in the back portion of the restaurant.All in all, this place deserves a 4-5 star review and we'll be back for more.Great ravioli and spaghetti/meatballs.
1	THANK YOU! Finally WONDERFUL Italian food ... Yumm & double yumm!!!That was last year.  And it was true. Wonderful warm welcoming feeling, wonderful food, wonderful service. And very understanding and cooperative toward my wife, who is blind. Even to the point of standing on a chair to direct and adjust the available light to best serve my wife. All in all quite impressive and worth the 5 * I gave it. But that was last year.  I don't know what happened, maybe they were sold, but this year was entirely different. No warm vibe, no welcoming feeling, totally empty, music and tv blaring, some staff person sitting at the bar texting, waiter says: this is the best lit table (it was pretty dark), I request the table were the guy adjusted the lights, he say I can't do that and it never happened, no one would do such a thing. And the woman at the bar chirps in that I don't know what I'm talking about.Nasty nasty nasty - especially to a blind person. I wouldn't put anything in my mouth made in that hostile place. Stay away!
5	Omg try every thing me and my husband went here it's a but pricy 20 a person but omg it was worth every bite!  Thank you Eric who was the most amazing server he explained everything wonderfully! We had the Marsala and the pork chops their special style it was amazing were going back to try the mahi mahi soon!
5	This was is our first time here (finding it on yelp) and it was definitely not a let down! Ambiance is romantic and cozy. Marco was our server and he was awesome. Very knowledgeable about all the dishes and have great recommendations! Def will return!
4	We wanted to try this one since we saw some good reviews on yelp. We had a coupon....it was a Wednesday night.....we were seated quickly and it looked really nice. We sat in a quiet back corner, but it got busy fast. I always get chicken piccata and it was very good with nice fresh veggies on the side. My husband had spaghetti and meatballs and sausage, the meatballs were great but I would pass on the sausage. Good bread and a nice cold glass of Riesling. Our waiter ditched us so we were not offered wine or dessert after we got our order. The runner was so efficient and worked hard. We will go back. I liked it. They do get busy so get there early or sit in the bar. Lots of good reasons to try it again......
1	This place was very disappointing. Walked in on Mother's Day with a party of 4 adults and my one year old son. The waiter seemed annoyed and acted like there was no where for is to sit and he would have to "figure something out" when I could see two large tables open. Not only that, I realize it's a small restaurant but they only had two highchairs and both were In use so we had to spend our whole time there over two hours passing my son around to hold him and feed him on my lap. Service took forever 10+ min for drinks 30+ min for food. Very limited menu and food was ok. Small sad portions for the price.
5	My tab was 40 bucks for chicken parmesan and fettuccini alfredo with a half side of spaghetti for my toddler. No drinks or anything so it's definitely on the high side of pricing but once I tried the food I totally didn't care. It's in this divey location you'd never consider as a nice place but you walk in and it's totally a date atmosphere and the food is PHENOMENAL.  Easily my favorite Italian food in the valley. So I give you five stars, Roma Garden! Well deserved!
5	What an amazing meal. We are never disappointed, and tonight's lamb shank special. Superb!  No need to have a flashy exterior, when you have fantastic food in the interior.
5	My family and I have been eating here since 2003.  I love their food, and atmosphere.  Very much like eating at mom's house.  Portion sizes are enormous, so either split the dish or be ready to take half of it home.
5	I reluctantly got drug to this restauarant becasue I had been there several years ago and had NOTHING good to say about it.  Well that has completely been changed now.  I have a close friend who selects this restaurant everytime it is her choice and now I have become a BIG FAN.  I have been there about 9 times in the past 6 months and every single time I have eaten there, it has been superb.  The service has been impeccable.  We usually have Steve and he is very attentive and remembers us each time we come.  I love some of their specials, especially the peppers.  Each Italian entree I have had has been delicious.  Their deserts are fabulous.  I especially love the eclair cake and lemochello.  My friend also loves their cannoli's and their pork chop dinner.  The place is in a strip mall, but who cares???  The food is great, the service is exceptional, and the atmosphere is clean and nice.  We had a dinner group meeting there a few weeks ago and the 3 other women who had been there for the first time were quite impressed.
5	My date for prom took me here before hand and it was absolutely amazing! Fantastic service, food, and a very friendly atmosphere.
4	We had a double date here and we were so pleased! Our waitress was super friendly and attentive, and our food tasted great! I was surprised that it was a quiet night there, but we had a wonderful time! We will be back =)
5	Amazing!Don't let the outside or location deter you from entering. This place is a gem!Server was on point, very attentive, and polite.The bread was fresh and the herb butter was extra nice. I ordered the clam linguini which was overflowing with clams. The white sauce was light and tasty.If I lived in Arizona, I would come here again and again. Really sad that I have to leave.
5	I usually don't go to restaurants that are inside a strip mall because I'm a very visual person and the building needs to be appealing to me. I was craving pasta so I decided to google italian places close to me. Found this place so I went there and placed a to go order. The waitress was very nice and she offered me a free house salad with their bread and butter so I can try it since it was my first time there. I ordered the linguine with pink sauce and imitation crab, very good! Great service and great food.
2	I only just recently discovered this restaurant and enjoyed it so much I have eaten at Roma Gardens three times in a week and a half.  That said,  yesterday ordered from the early bird menu at 5pm and requested the order for carry out. I was charged regular dinner prices., which about twice as much. When I asked, I was told that the early bird prices do not apply to carry-out,  although it is not indicated on the web site or menu. Felt a bit ripped off.  The Phoenix/Scottsdale area is full of good restaurants so probably will not be in a hurry ro return to Roma Gardens.
5	Exscuisit
5	Great Stuff.  Went on a Tuesday.  Service was good.  Food was very tasty and exactly what I expected from a real Italian Restaurant this place is about the food and not the "thrills".  My kinda place.
4	Excellent local, family owned restaurant. The servers are polite, lovely decor and excellent Italian food. The recipes have been around for years and have been consistently delicious and authentic. Serving sizes are huge so go very hungry or be prepared to take home the extras. Warm, fresh bread with awesome herb butter. Good wine selection, nice happy hour and if you want to go in the late afternoon there's a half off early bird special. Don't let the strip mall location fool you, it's so worth going inside for a nice evening
2	Our waitress was lovely and the atmosphere inside is nice but that's where my positive comments end.  The cuisine is just pretty bad.  The tomato sauce is thick and pasty.  The vegetables have way too much garlic and the bottom line is that there isn't much talent in the kitchen.  Honestly, if this is what viewers consider good Italian cuisine they are very inexperienced diners of Italian food.  If you want to try real Italian food go to Andreoli's and for pizza go to Pomo.  I wish these people well here but we won't be back.
5	The salad was excellent.  The bread and butter was incredible.  I thoroughly enjoyed the main entree of fettucini Alfredo.  It was obviously made from scratch and tasted so good!  Dont let the location fool you. What a great find.
5	Amazing. We have been twice now and expected the first experience to possibly be a fluke, but I'm happy to say it was just s good if not better the second time. Don't let the location fool you; this place is the best traditional Italian food I've had in Arizona. I had the sausage ravioli and it did not disappoint. Go with the specials!  So glad we found this gem of a place so close to home. No need to drive to Scottsdale for twice the price and half the quality. This place knows what they are doing and their service it spectacular.
4	Been here several times over the years and it is consistently good. I don't think it's the best Italian food I've had, but it is definitely good.  When you walk through the doors, you will always receive a warm greeting. And, you'll be transported into a nice restaurant, and forget the restaurant is located in a nondescript strip mall. The staff is always professional and attentive, making sure drinks are refreshed and that the meal meets expectations, yet allowing you to enjoy the experience.This visit we started out with an order of crab cakes. They were good, but would've been better without the sauce. And they were large - could be a meal in themselves. Entrees come with a salad; I do wish they'd do something to make this more interesting that a few green leaves and pale tomatoes. It really doesn't leave the diner waiting in anticipation for the course to come - it is very boring.The veal dishes we've enjoyed here have all been very good and would highly recommend. The veal is tender and well prepared. The halibut special was good - fish cooked perfectly and very flavorful. Served on a bed of pasta, so the presentation wasn't particularly attractive. The Salmon Piemontese was also very good. And an Italian meal must end with a dish of spumoni - yum!
4	Delicious, fresh pasta and a complementary glass of amaretto to finish the meal. Perfect evening with great service, we will be back!
4	Great waiter. Was nervous when we came and there was nobody else in the restaurant. Food was outstanding and timely. The Chicken Saltimbuco (sp?) was outstanding. Fried Calimari was outstanding-- and cooked perfectly. Light and crisp. A small but good wine list (chianti reserve was good) and the liquor pours (scotch-Macallan 12) were generous. Others at the table had the Chicken Parm and the Stuffed Bell Peppers-- the bell peppers received rave reviews -- it was a special of the night. Chick Parm was pretty standard with a very good marinara sauce. Only complaint was that it was quite warm in the restaurant.
5	Wow!  We were looking for good Italian food and boy did we find it!  We did take out and driving home with the aroma of the food in my passenger seat almost drove me to pull over and devour the whole lot!  Not sure I could have explained that to my wife waiting at home, so resisted the temptation.  Having tasted the food I am not sure that I would be able to resist if I am put in that situation again.  Restaurant seemed nice and wait staff was super nice, so will have to eat there next time ...wonder what time they open tomorrow:)
5	Absolutely amazing. Nice intimate atmosphere, portions are good and the food is flavorful and delicious.
