4	This cute little neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot just opened up, and is the sister restaurant to Tuck Shop.  The menu is small with super reasonable prices!!  Not much in the way of vegan fare, but I managed to find a tasty dish: The Red Flannel Hash (beet, potato and root vegetable hash sans eggs).  It was very tasty and had a nice amount of black pepper in it.  I also ordered a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice for a grand total $8 and change.  Not too shabby for brekky.  My dining cohorts ordered a frittata topped with sour cream and chives, a Portuguese doughnut and biscuits stuffed with some kind of meat (I forget the name of this dish) and were equally pleased with their meal.Not sure about parking, as we walked over (so awesome!) from their house.  This is a quaint little gem with indoor and outdoor seating.  They also have booze, so you can add a little pizazz to your wake up call.  Great place, can't wait to come back!
4	Already a fan.  Astor House is the neighbor to Tuck Shop, but is open for breakfast, lunch and late night snacks.  They have three different menus for each time of the day and cocktails to accompany the menus.  It is great to be able to go to the friendly and welcoming environment, that Tuck always offers, during the day time.  For breakfast, I would recommend the Biscuits and Grillades, which is a slow cooked beef and gravy on top of a biscuit, DELICIOUS!  We also had the Pastelito, which is a pastry stuffed with meat, very tasty.  We shared the Apple Boxty, which was topped with Marscapone and did not disappoint.  If you need to wake up, try a glass of the Japanese Cold Brew.  Lunch and late night nibbles to be reviewed later.P.S. They have a progressive Happy Hour starting at 3pm.  Parking is North of the restaurant across the street by the Musicians Union.
5	Cozy, quant and wait staff is amazing. Delicious macaroons! Definate must try. When you're waiting at Tuck Shop come here and have a drink!
4	For food, Astor House serves up a series of a la carte items that covers a smorgasbord of tastes in cuisine. For example, if I were to come in with my Mexican/Greek friend Luca, my Cuban friend Lisette, and our Southern friend John Boy, we'd be in for a treat because each could get a taste of home-cooking! If any of those people existed, I'm sure they'd be really excited! I stopped in for lunch with my mom who lives down the street. She is hard to please, but Astor House served it up right for her! She ordered the Muffaletta--a New Orleans (my soon-to-be-home) favorite! It came with traditional layers of ham, salami, provolone, mozzarella, and then, a delightful layer of olive salad. All of it was nestled safely in between two fat and flavorful slices of focaccia. This was a delectable treat. The olive salad pops with the meat just right, so that the savory blend hits your palette and you're sent to the delightful land of the south. The Zipp's VooDoo (Cajun spiced) chips complemented this dish well. I ordered the Grain and Bean salad with the Mexican Gyro. The "gyro" part is actually just pita bread, served with green chile pork (which I just HAVE to get if it's offered on a fusion restaurant's menu these days), tomatillo, corn salsa and lime with a side of cream. The pita was very fresh and soft, so cheers on their bread products! The pork was very flavorful and succulent. I added a tiny bit of cream and then decided it didn't need it and it was only muting the flavor... Now, the Grain and Bean salad unfortunately tasted like it was doused with bad lemonade. It was so lemony-tart that I talked to the server who explained it was the only dressing they use, and then she kindly asked if I wanted another one with less dressing. I declined due to the fact that I don't know if I could deal with any amount of that dressing... So, I hope that it improves because it really is a good vegetarian dish on the menu.  I'm excited to return in the evening and try their drinks and nibbles! I love that these little restaurants are popping up in the Coronado hood-- thanks to the owners for doing it!
4	I loved everything about this place. I would have loved to have more of a selection on the food at the time that we went (they don't serve salads after 3pm), but overall the wine, service, and the food that we did order were all exceptional.The design elements are very thoughtfully selected. I admire that the owners have created something completely unique to their tastes, and aren't trying to ape something they saw in an LA/NY restaurant. A Phoenix gem!
4	Cool new spot in CenPho. I was torn between the mexican gyro and the cuban sandwich. After looking over the menu choices, I went with the Mexican Gyro. While not made with the traditional lamb the slow cooked pork was a good substitute. The Mexican Gyro, seems more a fancy name than an actual depiction of the food you are about to eat. I was half expecting a mexican spiced lamb with a chipotle or spicy yogurt sauce. It's more of a pork Gordita - an upscale taco   with corn salsa and sour cream dressings on a pita instead of corn tortilla.Im always looking for the best deals around town, and unfortunately, I wouldn't really include this stop as one of them. After dropping $9+ with tax and tip, I was still a bit peckish. A small side salad; or side of any type, would really complete this as a meal.Over all great tasting food, I look forward to my next visit.
3	I'm giving four stars for the atmosphere here....give me an older house that has been converted into a cool, understated artsy place to eat and I'm sold.The highlight of my meal was the chopped salad. The arugula and other greens were garden fresh and the pesto buttermilk dressing was a great complement.I also had the roast beef po boy. That plus the salad was way too much food. The sandwich was good-not great. The brown gravy was very light but served to add flavor. The sandwich, like may roast beef sandwiches suffers from the roast beef itself which was a bit dry and flavorless. So the sandwich was a bit disappointing.However there are a lot of other great looking offerings on the menu that will bring me back. The staff are all friendly and enthusiastic....definitely a place worth visiting.
3	I'm delighted that there is breakfast service in my neighborhood.  The restuarant just opened for Sunday service a couple weekends back.  I've only been a handful of times, and wondered why it wasn't catching on, but on the same token, I am not thrilled with the fare.Also, No espresso drinks are available.  I tried the fritata on my last visit and it didn't taste 'fresh'.  Its eggs and veggies:  it should taste like eggs and veggies, instead it tasted of cooking oil.  The place has the same great modern design and feel of the Tuck Shop but hanging out in a cool space isn't enough if the food isn't a hit.  I always support local and will try a few more times probably need to try more of the lunch and other items before drawing a final conclusion.
5	Great little neighborhood hangout! front patio is welcoming to dogs, and inside is very chill. Food is Top Rating and the drinks are super yummy!!! They make their own  Tonic and it is so refreshing and so good. Handmade unique drinks that are very well priced. Perfect place!
3	If you enjoy telling your friends that you went to "an obscure restaurant, you probably haven't heard of it" for dinner last night, this is the place for you. I actually have no idea how people find this place - I didn't see the word "Astor House" anywhere inside or out, and I only made it through the door thanks to detailed directions from the employee I was meeting there for a drink. Got some drinks that were good, and not too pricey. There were also no other customers in the whole place. Maybe the owners would attract more business if their restaurant weren't invisible.
4	Great, relaxing, cool place in the Coronado district.  Excellent happy hour with $3 beers and $4 glasses of wine.  The service is friendly, the atmosphere is laid back and the drink and food menu are superb!
4	You walk in and grab a menu, seat yourself and when you are ready to order you hop up to the register to made your selections. This place is cute, trendy, understated with ity bitty vases with a flower or two, lots of art on the walls, moderately lit inside, and a patio out back. This place is also tucked perfectly inconspicuous in the Historic Coronado neighborhood, sharing a wall with Tuck Shop, which I have yet to try. Soon though! I went here for lunch with a friend on Saturday for the first time and we were both a little confused on the process. Once we figured it out it was all good. I can't remember the sandwich my friend ordered but he gave me a bite and it was really yummy. I ordered the Mexican gyro. Its not really a gyro at all but like a green chile pork burrito on flat-bread. It was really flavorful, spicy, and well cooked. it was topped with lettuce and a hearty roasted corn salsa, and had some sour cream on the side. Also the beer selection is really very nice. I really enjoy beer so having options that are actually drinkable is good. I ordered Nimbus and my friend ordered Hop Knot. I love this neighborhood and it seems we picked a perfect day for a cozy lunch surrounded by overcast. We even took a walk after and looked at all the quaint little houses before it really started to rain. Love you Astor House! Xx,Reesie
4	This place is so dang wonderful.The building is tucked inside a Coronado neighborhood in Central Phoenix, the exterior walls are blue, the patio is adorned with long wood tables and candles for outdoor dining, and the interior is colorful, modern, small, quaint and cozy. A friend and I enjoyed brunch here last Saturday and holy moly, my taste buds were living the dream. We ordered the Apple Boxty -grated apple and potato pancakes with mascarpone, and the Red Flannel Hash -beets, potato, root veggie mash up with eggs and toast. We shared the two and they were super delicious. They have hot and iced coffee beverages but no espresso machine so you can't order lattes, cappuccino's, or americano's. Despite my love and addiction to soy lattes (I really need to stop) the coffee was good. The service was great and hopefully soon I can stop in for dinner sometime when all those darling candles are lit.
5	Best breakfast I've had in a while, so guud! $20 for two coffees, 2 entrees and an "appetizer". Not bad at all! Nice atmostphere.
4	I stopped in for a quick lunch on a friday afternoon around 2pm.  The restaurant was empty when I had first walked in and was followed in by a few other patrons.  It's a very comfy trendy spot hidden in a cute neighborhood.  There are a few simple pieces of artwork along the back wall and they also sell some locally made cooking products (like olive oil).We were immediately addressed and given menus to look over.  Their menu is very limited in choices, but they were all very diverse choices.  I had a very delicious sandwich which  was basically their rendition of a ham a cheese sandwich I believe.  Flavor was definitely there along with the refreshing taste of freshly prepared ingredients.  The lady that helped us was very polite and knowledgeable about everything that I was curious about.Astor House is definitely a little gem in the middle of a small neighborhood.  I recommend this spot to anyone that is over the bland corporate  restaurants and want to enjoy something unique and delicious!I still need to stop by the restaurant next door, the Tuck Shop!
5	Breakfast!!! - from the awesome people that brought you The Tuck Shop.  Ok so they serve lunch and dinner as well, but breakfast is the most important meal of the day!  Get there early and grab a table, inside or out.  Pick out what you want and go to the counter and order.  They'll bring it to you when it's ready. I like this style of restaurant, especially when I'm eating out with my dad (he thinks eating out means flirt with the servers).   If you're boozing, it may be kind of annoying to keep going up and ordering and paying for each cocktail if you're using plastic.  Back to breakfast.... In true MB style, we decided to order half the menu, to be sure we're fairly judging the food.  You can't order one dish and tell people it's good or bad.  You truly have to order 5.  Ok so my dad ordered the biscuits and grillades and I ordered the fritatta.  We also got a side of the pastelito carne, patatas con queso, and cinnamon popovers.  All so delicious.  My fritatta was savory yummmy but I liked my dad's biscuits better.  Comforting biscuits with beef gravy, ahhhhhh.  Almost like grandma made.  Patatas con queso are bomb steak fries with cheese sauce.  The pastelito carne are somewhat sweet, flaky pastries with ground beef in them.  The cinnamon popovers were an amazing breakfast dessert mmmmmmmmm dipped in whiskey caramel sauce.  If I wake up on the wrong side of bed, I foresee myself riding over to Astor House for a breakfast cocktail and cinnamon popovers.  For reals.So after our 5 entrees, my dad's screwdriver (made with Tito's vodka yeah!), and my extra fantastic without sugar or cream iced coffee, my tab was about $35.  "Heck yes!" my wallet screamed.  My dad said later on, "They have really nice people at that restaurant by your house.  They really know how to cook too."  Dad's a believer, I am too.  I can't wait until it cools off to enjoy the beautiful patios.
3	Clearly I need to come here for breakfast because my chicken sandwich at lunch was not good. The bun was old and stale and the chicken was over cooked. The patio was cute and service was friendly. I will give it another chance in the fall.
1	This was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a restaurant.  We arrived at 5:30, a party of 7, and were quickly seated by the waiter.  The menu looked great and we all ordered drinks.  Another table came in after that and he sat them and took their orders.  That's when everything went downhill.The waiter served the other table their drinks first.  It took long enough to get our drinks that it became a topic of conversation.  When the drinks came, six out of the seven were either flat out wrong (whiskey and soda water is not the same as whiskey and Coke) or were unmixed (you could clearly see the alcohol floated on top of the mixer).  The one drink that was correct was a beer.As he dropped off the drinks, I turned toward the waiter to place our food order but he turned his back and walked away.  Two of my friends were irritated by that, but I was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt; maybe he just hadn't seen me.  We then spend the rest of our time there trying to get his attention.  The waiter spent the time either talking to the chef or actively avoiding looking at us.  Short of getting up and walking to the counter, we did pretty much everything we could.Once we'd been there for an hour, all seven of us were irritated and decided we'd go somewhere else.  We finished our drinks, calculated the cost, and I paid in cash.  We walked out.As I was getting into my car, I noticed the waiter walking across the street toward us.  So I waited and rolled down my window.  He said that we'd shorted him because there were taxes.  I asked how much, he said $8.  I said, "There were $8 of taxes on seven drinks?"  He said yes.  I asked how much the total was and he said it was $36 and change.  I said, "I gave you $32, so that's not $8..."  We gave him $4.50 but everyone in my car was perfectly aware that he'd been lying to try and get a tip out of it, too.I have no problem with paying the whole bill.  What I do have a problem with is being ignored for an hour, not being brought a bill, and then being followed out to my car only to be lied to.  I would have loved to try the food but the service was so bad we're never going back.  None of us.  All seven of us were foodies, three of us with restaurant experience, and we have a lot of foodie friends.  You can be sure we will NOT be recommending Astor House to them.
4	*original review, see the updated review below*Wow. What an awful experience that was.  I understand that Astor House is a small space, so they wouldn't have much in the way of staff, but our server/bartender actively avoided us for the forty-five minutes we were there after getting our drinks. I guess he didn't want us to order food...?  I was terribly unimpressed.  Three people in our party had their drink orders screwed up, other drinks were correct in theory but were terribly made.  Between the terrible service and the poorly-made drinks, I won't be returning.*updated review*I changed my mind-- I decided that I really wanted to give this place another shot.  There were a couple reasons behind this: first, I'm willing to chalk a bad experience up to being a fluke.  Everybody is allowed a spectacularly bad day.  Second, Astor House is a local joint, and I am always, always going to try and favor a local joint over another chain.  Finally, I thought that maybe we went at the wrong time, and that it would be worthwhile to give it another shot during the breakfast or lunch hours.I'm happy to say that the second experience was much better than the first.  I went for breakfast with two friends.   We sat outside, because (I'm happy to report) the place was packed.  I orded the apple boxty, the portuguese doughnuts, and orange juice.  Another friend ordered the pork and egg breakfast sandwich, and the other ordered th biscuit with nut butter and jam.  Everything was wonderfully prepared, the service was good, and the food was surprisingly inexpensive for what you got.  Call me a convert!
4	I really want this place to succeed! The menu is small but interesting, the beverages do not disappoint. The staff is absolutely wonderful.
5	morning outside dinning on the back patio is perfect setting for an Aioli egg ham sandwich !  no frills , not fancy , just great tasting simple and FRESH !   the Owner came over , introduced herself and was very gracious , and genuine ....  As hard as it is to please everyone, this place is for those of US Who prefer simple clean and not over priced !  love the sleek retro decor , goes well with the slim line menu !  Kudos Tuck Stop / Astor House owners ... we WILL BE BACK !
4	We decided to give it another shot, this time for breakfast, and this time it was wonderful. Helpful staff, great food, and inexpensive. Try their breakfast sandwich and the Portuguese donuts.
5	This quaint hidden bar/ cafe (not too sure what you would call it) is very welcoming. You order at the bar then you can decide to sit indoors or out. The inside is fitted with several retro cafe type tables. The outdoors is a garden of patio tables. The many trees and patio tables set an  intimate and romantic atmosphere to enjoy a glass or three of wine. (My boyfriend says they have the best Pims but who drinks that anyways). Perfect date place or for an after dinner cocktail to seal the deal ;) can't wait for winter to truly enjoy the patio and I still need to try the food it looks amazing.
5	Love their lunch sandwiches on the patio.  I had the cubana which was extremely tasty but a lot of sandwich so make sure your hungry.  I also tried their mufeleta......which i my favorite.
4	A HUGE fan! But... why is everyone just talking about breakfast!? If you reserve Astor House for breakfast you are missing the BEST part! The cocktails. I'm not even kidding! All drinks are on special 3-7 every day: Progressive wine prices ($3 @3,$4@4... you get the drift?) Dollar off everything else. I feel like I'm getting away with something at $5/6 prices for genius concoctions! Like, Summer's drink: whiskey, lemon, apple juice, elderflower and prosecco. A bourbon girl, I was afraid the drink was going to be juicy... not at all! More heavy on the prosecco, if anything.While picking my new hero, Blaise's, brain on elderflower, he mentioned the Texan Elderflower (a vodka cocktail) is especially nice with fresh raspberries. Generous with his recipe sharing and encouraging me to try at home, "I'll let YOU make that one for me..." I responded.What do you know!? On my next visit, Blaise had raspberries. And, I had the recommended drink. Two of them, actually! They were that refreshing and delicious.So, yes, Astor house is good for breakfast. The leek flavor in the frittata ($6) is wonderful and despite the small portion (very thin and about the diameter of a small salad plate), a satisfying breakfast.  Ms. Lynne's dip ($4) offers a tangy snack great for garlic lovers. And, the warm focaccia ($6) can go toe to toe with some of the Valley's best grilled cheese sandwiches... The point being? Astor House is a great spot ANY time of day!
5	5 stars! What is there not to love about Astor House, strong great coffee, best bartender in town, amazing food and wonderful host....and it is just around the block from me. I love this place, try anything and everything.
2	I was expecting a better tasting breakfast...none of us really thought it was that good.  We got the potato pancakes which were bland and the frittata which was dry and very thin.  Our friend got the sausage dish and said it wasn't very flavorful despite the menu's description.  The service was good and the restaurant was cozy and clean.  Perhaps I'll give it another try at a different time so I can sample the other parts of the menu.  I love neighborhood joints...wish this one had a better breakfast.
5	This place is great! Right when you walk in the door you get greeted by girls with smiling faces. I didn't bother looking at the menu because you could tell that everything about this place was fantastic.When they asked what I wanted for lunch, I simply said, "Surprise me!" I paid my bill and sat down an waited. A few moments later a lemonade with ginger ale showed up. It was all freshly squeezed and fresh. Lots of flavor and very refreshing.Later, they brought out my French Dip. Wow this looked good. Big thick hogie bun and a generous amount of beef. Dipping the sandwich was great and the food melted in your mouth. This was great!I will definitely be back to this place again!
5	Delicious and moderately priced. Service was speedy and the waitress was exceptionally polite and friendly.
5	Fantastic! Did the Halloween backyard party and breakfast a few times, this place never disappoints.  No matter what meal, be sure to get a cold brew coffee. Even if you are not a coffee drinker, it is so smooth.
4	I went for breakfast on a rainy morning (yes, it was raining in Phoenix). Astor House was still bright and cheerful on the inside. I ordered the special - tomato casserole and it was delicious. My only complaint is that it didn't come with anything else like potatoes or fruit. The price seemed a bit high for just a bit of casserole. My friends has the Southwest Gravy and Biscuits and thought it was ok and definitely not traditional. We ordered a few breakfast drinks and the spiked hot cocoa was a hit!
5	Such a sweet place! We came here for Sunday brunch and it was amazing. The staff is super friendly and helpful. They recommended the iced coffee and it really was the best iced coffee I have ever had. I got the veggie quiche and my boyfriend got the pork sandwich, both were amazing. The inside and the patio are so cute, we will definitely be back!
5	I went here with my husband on a Saturday night...we had just walked out of The  Blue Hound Bar after receiving terrible service...& this place was a breathe of fresh air- we ordered their special at the time- a vegetarian lavosh flatbread, and it was A-MAZING! Also had a few of their specialty drinks, among which the Rhode Island Iced Tea was a standout! This place has a charming atmosphere and great service...we will definitely be returning when we are in the area.
5	I go here for brunch every time I'm in Phoenix. And although I've tried most things on the menu, I usually get the ham sandwich with a baked egg, the porridge, and an iced coffee. Great service and atmosphere. Check out the lovely patio if the weather is good. I love you Astor!
4	So those of you who know me, know I go for "quirky".  Quirky movies, quirky books, quirky hair...and this place fits right into that mode.  It's nestled on 12th St just south of Thomas in the Coronado Neighborhood District and actually drove by it twice before stopping.  But I'm SO glad to have found it.  The cutest, ecclectic place, cute patio (but its 112 today so I looked through the window) and a great healthy ecclectic menu.  We went for lunch.  My friends each had a sandwich that was flavorful and different and I opted for the Mexican Gyro.  Tender, melt in your mouth green chili pork on a pita (a tad hard to eat).  They have a wonderful drink menu and found out that my favorite, hard to find beer (Dixie New Orleans beer) is sold from  5 -6 PM for $3!  Scrumptious desserts, too.  I will definitely have to to go back and also try their sister dinner restaurant next door, The Tuck Shop.  Again, this isn't your normal lunch, brunch place.  You have to go up and order and they bring it to your table (which I'm not always a fan of) but I'll give them the beneift here...its worth it.
1	Absolutely terrible.My girlfriend and I came here for brunch and when we first walked in we were thrown off by the atmosphere. We didnt really understand how the place worked so we stood there awkwardly for a moment before the cashier girl handed us a menu and told us to take a seat. We ended up ordering the Portuguese donuts, quinoa porridge, the biscuits & grillades and I got a Bloody Mary. The bloody mary was okay but sadly it was the beat part of the whole experience. first they said the biscuits weren't going to be ready for ten minutes because they were still baking. Then ten minutes later they came and told us the same thing. So we again sat patiently. About another five minutes past before they brought us the donuts and porridge. The porridge was filled with strawberries, which my girlfriend is severely allergic to, which wouldn't have been a problem but the menu said it was supposed to come with raspberries. They were nice and took the porridge back but when the re-made porridge made it to our table it was very undercooked and swimming with milk. You can tell they just wanted to hurry it up and didnt actually cook it all the way because it was crunchy and runny at the same time. At that point we were just irritated by the whole situation so we paid and left before receiving the rest of our food that would be out who knows when. Overall it was just an awful experience and the cashier lady seemed very uncaring about her job which made things worse. The second time she came to tell us our biscuits were going to be ten more minutes she told us to just be patient and wait for them to be done but in a very rude way. At least that's how I took it. I don't plan on ever coming back even though I live just down the street from this place.
2	The decor was very modern, clean & simple. The bathroom is located behind a sliding door in the side dining area, very sleek. I assumed because I walked in just 90 seconds after opening on a Saturday morning that that's why the staff didn't seem as friendly. The awkward stare between the cashier and waitress as I walk in and make eye contact with both of them while they wait for the other to acknowledge my presence is always bad business. I don't feel I should have been the one to choose between the 2 & ask them how they're doing. But I went ahead & ordered half a dozen of their Portuguese donuts as a makeshift birthday cake for my better half's birthday. Judging by the pictures on Yelp, I knew they were far from authentic, which I was totally ok with. What I didn't know was that it would be anything but tasty. Completely disappointing and flavorless to be exact. I feel like this place has more to offer so I think I would make it back, eventually. For now, The Main Ingredient has my heart. :)
5	HEADS UP!  This place is now a BBQ joint and it is amazing.First day with the new menu today, hubby and I went for lunch.Ginger ale for him, sparkling lemonade for me.  Both refreshing in this heat.We both did combo plates; smartest decision ever.  He got the beer hot sausage and brisket with potato salad and corn bread.  I got the turkey and ribs with potato salad and cole slaw.  All were delicious.  I'm still thinking about that food and when I'm going back.  It's right around the corner from my house...  Each meat has a different sauce (based on animal type: pig, bird, cow etc).We can't wait to share it with our fellow bbq lovers.  I haven't been a fan of honey bears for a while now, and we've been going to Rudy's in Chandler to get a bbq fix, BUT NOW we've got the best stuff right around the corner.You must try it.  Now.  It's so good.
3	Astor House is in the same lot as Tuck Shop - go for the Q and stay for the chocolate pecan bars!  Gotta love the smoke and the sauces they pair with each meat.  Would be there every week if it was any closer to home.  Will make the trek when the weather is fine - the charming patio would be perfect for our gang!
4	This is a cozy place for a leisurely brunch or lunch. The atmosphere is very informal, as would be expected for a converted small house in this neighborhood, with an artistic bent. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the food is relatively simple, comforting, and well-prepared. I find parking to be a bit tricky, but that little inconvenience will certainly not deter me from coming back.
4	Came here for a late lunch with a friend who had frequented them in the past before they changed to BBQ. It was less than 30 minutes before closing which we were not aware of until we left. The decor is nothing I would expect in a BBQ place, but it was very clean and the staff was very friendly despite them not able to close because we were still there. However...The pulled pork sandwich and it was good. They only gave me a little cup of BBQ sauce. Probably could have asked for more, but I did not. The potato salad tasted great , but was a little dry for such large chunks of potato. My friend thought it was really good.The ginger ale was missing something. It was not very sweet at all. Because they make their own syrup I am not sure if they forgot the sweetener or just half-a$$ed it so they could close on time. I would not order it again without tasting it to see if there was a difference. I had to try a hot link as well. It was excellent. I will probably return and order these as my main course.
3	Tried out the new barbecue menu last night and in spite of the initial promise, it appears the chef needs some time to refine the smoke process. The pork ribs and beef brisket were tasty but were so dry that without the sauces (which were excellent) would have been difficult to eat. The turkey breast was good but again was on the dry side but the citrus sauce was very good.  Perhaps the chef could also examine the portions size.  The 3 meat serving with 2 sides was barely enough food for 1 person let alone 2 for sharing, and at $18 wasn't a very good value.  Since I absolutely love the Tuck Shop, I'll eventually be back to retry the sister restaurant Astor House as it attempts to find it's new identity.
5	i'll give these guys props, for hipster bbq its off the chart... its definitely not what you'll expect for a bbq restaurant but the food is great.
2	It pains me to write this review--I want so badly to like the Astor House--I love the Tuck Shop and never have had a bad meal there.but things are just not right at the Astor House--we ate there last night on Halloween.  What a missed marketing opportunity--Trick and Treaters kept stopping by --we heard many saying we had no idea this place was here.  instead of handing out a coupon for a macaroon with lunch--the staff did nothing and were actually kind of funky when people walked in.  The Astor House needs to get an identity--the "service" is just funky--neither a cafeteria nor service--you would think with 4 people in the restaurant--you would not have to go to the end of the counter and pick up your "tray" of food.  the tables are wobbly and the chairs are uncomfortable--things that I wouldn't care about if the food was good.On to the food--I may have a bias because I spent a lot of time in Kansas City and know what good barbecue is--what is being served is not.  the meat continues to be dry and the sauces are yucky--they are two sweet or weirdly spiced.--the one highlight was the link--chicken and garlic was good.  The food is served in paper on trays--all i can say is yuck!--we had to ask for paper plates--which at least made the eating process tolerable..the Astor House is in a great neighborhood--but even the neighbors who can walk there are either going to go to the Tuck Shop or walk a few more blocks to 7th st to restaurants that have much better food.I will definitely be back to the Tuck Shop over and over again, but am done with the Astor House--have been there several times--and it is just not right--they need to find out what the neighbors want and be that--coffee, sandwich, drinks and snacks--do --something well and be at the level of the Tuck Shop instead of a pretend cafeteria--.
4	Went here with a group of 4 for lunch this past Saturday.  The weather was beautiful so we were looking for some place with outdoor seating.  We showed up a little after noon and there were only a couple other people there, so that boded well for a relaxing meal.  Full disclosure, we were all very hung over at that point, so the subdued music was well appreciated too.  Overall excellent experience, and the BBQ itself was ridiculously good.Service:  Friendly and fast.  Order at the counter and they bring it to you wherever you decide to sit.  Atmosphere:  Very laid back, fits in really well with the neighborhood.  This is a really good looking venue inside and out.  The outside seating was perfectly shaded and light music made this a great destination.Food:  They sell BBQ by the pound, and also do sandwiches.  We all got sandwiches, and I went with the 1/2lb brisket sandwich.  Good god, I really wasn't sure what to expect, but this was phenomenal.  Some sort of artisan sandwich bread, slaw, and a pile of brisket, plus a side of BBQ sauce, I went directly into the food zone, no talking.  Combine with Four Peaks Pumpkin Port, sold.  Definitely going back.No critiques really, we all had a really good time.  4-stars for a great place.
5	OMG!!!!!!!! My dreams have come true. BBQ around the corner from my house! Is there a 6 star option. Food is amazing. I run or walk by here everyday. If I had no self-control Astor House would probably own my bank account. Go here try everything. Great BBQ and sides!
5	Astor House is awesome. It does feel a little out of place as a BBQ joint, but the atmosphere is spot on for the neighborhood and the food is great! The inside is trendy, great use of an old house, and there is a cute little patio out back. My wife got the special which was a pork and turkey sandwich and came with a side for around eight bucks. I got the brisket. For sides I chose potato salad, and the little lady decided on the cornbread. Both choices were good, but we both liked the sandwich a little better. All the meats were done well, which is rare for BBQ in AZ, and the sauces that went along with them were great as well; not traditional BBQ sauce, but a lot of flavor and complemented the meat well. My only concern was it wasn't very busy. I hope they can pick up some business soon and stick around for a long time!
2	This isn't great bbq.  It feels like the owners were looking for a cool concept, rather than being passionate about bbq.  The brisket and chicken are rather bland without sauce.  No smoke flavor came through.
4	Little bummed as I was looking forward to a healthy treat and found out it is now BBQ. Was not in the mood for BBQ but glad we stayed. It's pretty darn good, has a freshness to it, not saucey, more citrus. The collard greens are to die for.
5	Love this place!  Tell everyone about it!  I've only gotten to go twice, but have loved it both times.  The staff is supper friendly and have gone out of their way to make sure we are taking care of, without hovering or bugging us.  I love how casual it is: order at the counter, pick it up and take a seat.  Last time my husband and i got our own dishes, but this time we split a pulled pork sandwich with the potato salad side.  Not a heavy meal, but just enough: spent $8.  I don't even like potato salad, but have cravings for this amazing salad with a kick.  Last time i had to take leftovers home, and they didn't just put it in a box, but properly wrapped it.I'm fastidious about cleanliness and customer service, and have hall all expectations exceeded.My only complaint is that the bun of the sandwich is too thick, but delicious.  So i just don't eat the whole thing.
4	I feel like Kevin Spacey in House of Cards when I eat here. Excellent BBQ spot that is a hidden gem. I'm almost afraid to write this because I don't want this place getting too crowded (for selfish reasons), but I also want it to stick around because it's some of the best BBQ in Phoenix and one of my favorite places. All the BBQ is quality and Tuck matches it's sauces with the type of meat to create the perfect marriage of sauce and smoky meat goodness. The Turkey Breast, as mentioned by the Phoenix New Times IS a stand-out, but mostly because of its uniqueness. Turkey isn't always seen on a BBQ joint's menu, let alone with its own citrus sauce that compliments the rich, smoky flavor of the Turkey. I love that they have $2 "good" beers which include hipster favorites such as PBR & High Life. You can pay more for "great beers" but $2 beers is a cheap buzz that I usually take advantage of! The back patio is tranquil and I can imagine all the future hipster weddings happening here. My only complaint is the potato salad. I want to love it, I really do. I order it every time- partially because I love potato salad and BBQ (the cooling effect of the cold mayo is in perfect contrast to smoky BBQ'd meats). The flavor is above-par and has gotten rave reviews from the New Times and Yelpers. However, the potatoes are usually under-cooked, which is so sad. However, when it comes to potato salad, I'd rather have my potatoes a bit more soft, than hard, so maybe I'm in the minority. However, the potato salad is my reason for 4 stars instead of 5. Sorry Tuck shop, I do love you!
3	Great ambiance. Food was ok but a few things needed some quality control. First of all, they didn't have two of the items from the menu (that I was interested). Secondly, Staff was not really nice to us. We were the only customers there and they looked sad when we showed up.
3	Got myself a 1/2 lb Brisket Sandwich with Potato Salad on the side. Sandwich was really good, but there was not much meat at all. Potato salad was alright. I ate half of it only because I was still hungry from a small sandwich. Wife got Pulled Pork, which seem to be good in size. Not sure if they got my order wrong. Oh and you pay a dollar for water!
3	I met a friend here yesterday for lunch, and overall it was fairly good. The house is very cute, nicely decorated, and the patio is nice as well. You order at the counter and they (very quickly) bring out your food. Self serve for silverware, napkins, water, etc. I got the pulled pork sandwich with a side of cornbread. The sandwich was really dry, but much better with the sauce. It was a little too much for me, even having the smaller size. The cornbread was ok, I liked the spiciness, but it was really dense. I wish they had some different options for sides (maybe a side salad or mashed potatoes or something....). The food was overall ok, but not the best bbq I've had... if a friend wanted to go here, I would, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
3	I like the atmosphere of this place. Very casual and trendy with plenty of outdoor seating. The food is just ok. Wasn't terrible but it didn't blow me away. Unfortunately for them, I just had Tom's Thumb the week before. Prices on some beers are great - $1 off with the happy hour that you have to mention. All the food just seemed so obviously premade and simply thrown together when you order. And portions are small. I think you get most bang-for-your-buck with the sandwiches.
4	What a gem!!! Even. After walking in about five minutes before closing we were greeted by a calm and collected staff happy to serve! Not only were they welcoming but apologetic about the fact most meats were sold out due to our late arrival!! The food is incredibly delicious!! I never imagined BBQ sandwiches could be so mouthwatering and fulfilling! The sides were hearty and again full of flavor!!! I love their menu and beer categorization! Choose between the good or ghetto! (Heck yea, $2 pbr) All around, hands down, awesome! Loved it and will be back!
4	Hands down this place has the best brisket in town.
5	What a pleasant surprise! I used a Groupon and made my first trip to Astor House yesterday and I can't wait to go back! Try the beans for your side dish, they are among the best I have ever tasted. The pulled pork was amazing, really juicy and the sauce was awesome. I also had the beef brisket and HOLY smokes!  Really large portions, I actually had enough left over for dinner last night. The service was really good too, Stevie was a sweetheart. My only complaint is that  Groupon limited me to only one purchase, I will get over that though. This is my new go to place for BBQ.
4	after a bad experience this weekend at a 'famous' place, it makes me appreciate Astor even more. laid back atmosphere, delicious food (we have tried the whole menu at this point) with sauces that are customized to each meat instead of just across the board. the little pickled pepper 'garnish' or whatever is delicious and i could eat a whole cup just of that!also, they sometimes have random desserts as daily specials...dont pass on the salty macaroons! awesome. definitely worth your time and money (as are Vovomeena and Tuck Shop which they also run)
5	Had the brisket, pulled chicken, beans, and potato salad. Fantastic. Would recommend.
5	Awesome little Gem in a quiet neighborhoodFriendly and welcoming service! Will be back soon!*try the brisket and beans!
3	Visited the Astor house today since in had acquired a groupon for $20 worth of food. The restaurant is absolutely adorable its inside of a very nice and quiet neighborhood, with seating inside as well as outside.  Which is very nice especially right now that the weather is so good in Phoenix.  The staff is very friendly upon arriving everyone greeted us. The girl taking our order asked if we had been there before, we hadn't so explained where drink and food menu were and asked if we had any questions. We ordered the 3 meats & two sides, you get 1/4 lbs of each meat you pick. We ordered the BBQ pulled pork, chicken, & brisket. For our sides we had the jalapeno cornbread and the potatoe salad, and to drink I had an iced tea and my husband the lemonade.  Out of everything we really enjoyed the jalapeno cornbread, brisket, and the potato salad which by the way was amazing. The other two meat we just picked at after we finished everything mentioned above. It was a nice experience to be able to enjoy the weather today in Phoenix and that potatoe salad.
5	Decided to try it out today after having someone in the office rave about it.  Food is fantastic!  I'm not usually a HUGE fan of bbq - too often at restaurants it's dried out, fatty and coated in thick sauce.  Not so at Astor house.  Tried the turkey, the brisket and the pulled pork and all meats were super tender and moist and very flavorful.  They do come with awesome sauces on the side, however, they do not pre-smother the meat, which allows you to fully taste the meat on it's own.  The bbq beans are just as tasty, and the jalapeno corn bread was decent.  (Disclosure, personally I am more of a fan of sweet corn breads.  that said, it was pretty tasty over all) and they even have giant macaroon cookies that are outstanding to round your meal out.  Everyone in our group will definitely be back to visit again.
5	Place has excellent BBQ and is a very cool location in the neighborhood where you wouldn't expect it. We had a sampler platter that had a little of every meat. Really all the meats were exceptional but the brisket was our favorite. I likes that they paired sauces for each meat, and they did a great job with pairing them to enhance the flavor. The price is fair too, wife and I ate well for about $20. Can't beat that!
5	absolutely phenomenal BBQ. And those sauces are unreal!
1	Having just moved in to this coronado area I for sure had to check this place out being a bbq enthusiast. Ordered the tri-tip sandwich, which they do not even mix the bbq sauce with meat they just give you a little cup with cold sauce in it. So I begin to pour the sauce on the sandwich and begin to take a bite. All was good until there was not enough sauce on it and I flipped it over to put some on the bottom half as well. And BOOOOM A BIG PIECE OF PLASTIC ON MY SANDWICH.  I told the waitress who with a smile did not offer my money back or our meal on the house but offered me another mediocre sandwich. Sad to say I will not be returning to this local eatery.
4	I absolutely love this little hidden gem.  You walk in the door and you immediately smell the smokey BBQ goodness. The girls at the register are always friendly and greet you with a smile when you walk in. You can order most of the meat selections in a sandwich form with coleslaw on the sandwich.  I've tried the pulled pork, hot links and the brisket.  The one time I ordered the brisket but it was pretty dry.  Every other time I've come with other people though they swear by the brisket so I might have just gotten a bad batch.  Their Mac and cheese is really good.  I love the green chile mixed with it.  Gives it a nice kick.  I recommend the cornbread also.  If you are looking for a little off the beaten path BBQ joint Astor house is the place hands down.
4	Super yummy food! I am only a picky eater for a couple things like potato salad, pasta salad and tuna salad (things with mayo). Their potato salad is phenomenal! I heard they make it with Greek yogurt. It was so good I want it again! The service was great and very quick too  Also, I lived in Houston for seven years so I am accustomed to collard greens and Astor House's take on greens was super yummy.  My favorite part was that they were not mushy nor over-cooked and they were very fresh.  I tried a combo and was not disappointed. Beer from a can is not my favorite, but at least they had a good selection. If you dine alone the seating is a bit akward and in a tight space indoors. I plan on going back during cooler temps and enjoying their awesome patio. If a happy hour was implemented that awesome patio might draw a crowd. Also, I reccomended trying Tuck Stop and Vovomeeno owned by the same people!
5	Great BBQ, affordable, great location, couldn't be better.
4	We tried this place from a groupon and it was pretty good, I had the brisket sandwich w/ Mac n cheese. Will try the collard greens next time.Fantastic service.  Really loved the layout and the decor. Will definitely return for more yummy food??
3	I had the baby back ribs, brisket, macaroni and cheese and coleslaw. The ribs and sauce were great, very tender and flavorful. The brisket was a bit bland and I wouldn't get that again. Coleslaw and mac and cheese were both pretty good. Super cute interior.
5	I have found my new favorite BBQ place. Nice venue, good prices, super-cool bathroom (weird comment, I know, but you'll understand if you use it)All of those things pallor in comparison to the spectacular nature of the food itself. My wife and I took a chance on Astor House with a groupon. As soon as I walked through the door, the aroma that wafted through the air kissed my nostrils with glorious scents of slow-roasted meats and tangy sauces. Each one of the meats we ordered came with it's own perfectly-paired sauce on the side. These weren't you run-of-the mill BBQ sauces either. I'm talking crazy stuff like citrus-based and mustard-based. Phenomenal. If there is BBQ in heaven, it's likely catered by Astor House.
5	Great food tucked away from the fast life. Very clean restaurant and very friendly staff.  I most definitely will return again!
5	My husband and I tried Astor House for a lunch date today at the recommendation of one of his co-workers. What a gem! We were literally in, and out in about 20 minutes. We were 2 of 6 people in the whole place. The service was SO fast and friendly. The smell when you walk in is just lovely. They don't have a super large menu, which I appreciate with BBQ because it can be overwhelming. But you have a good selection from the menu they do have. The portion sizes are big. And you get to dress your meat the way you want. The sauces are awesome! They have beer and wine. I know my review is all over the place but it was just so good and we were so pleased. My husband had the tri-tip, and hot sausage. I had the pulled chicken sandwich. We shared a side of cole slaw and mac n cheese.  They source from other local places as well. We will definitely be back!
5	I haven't found a good barbecue since I moved to Arizona until I was introduced to this place. It's become a staple for our company team lunch. The brisket is out of this world, smoked to perfection. I also love the pulled pork. It has an amazingly rich flavor. Hands down the best part is their ghost barbecue sauce. It has an incredible flavor for those who love a smokey and spicy bbq sauce. The atmosphere is great and you can pear your plate with a great American beer. I highly recommend this place to all.
4	Very late review, but here it is!I got married in May of this year in Cabo San Lucas, MX. Since lots of family couldn't come, we had a reception here in Phoenix.... At Astor House... In the backyard.It was awesome! Johnathan helped us out the whole way through: giving us menu ideas, prices, tips and ideas, etc.I don't like BBQ as I am a vegetarian so they made us our own menu for the occasion. Although I didn't get to eat much food, everything I did try was amazing!I would definitely go back since we even live in the neighborhood other than I never know when they are open. They have very strange hours so you can't just walk in and expect the door to be unlocked.
5	Great local BBQ spot!
1	I had the chicken sandwich here yesterday and right now I'm in bed riding out a terrible case of food poisoning. Worse I ever had. Haven't eaten anywhere else since (other than tiny salad at home to keep me going) so I know this is 100% from here. On another note, the chicken itself was too dry.
5	Very good BBQ, cute location... Just wish I lived closer!
5	My girl and I were in Phoenix for a couple nights and she had a craving for ribs so we found this joint on yelp. We were not disappointed. The ribs and brisket were very tasty and moist and their sauces were paired very well.  It was a bit quiet when we were there (Saturday night) but don't let that deter you. Yum!
5	Went with a friend for lunch. Great atmosphere and great food! Had the tri tip sandwich with Mac and cheese on the side. Excellent. The Mac and cheese was possibly the best I've ever had.
