5	This is my favorite chain restaurant of all time.This particular BWW just opened up in the area known as the South Strip.  It's on Las Vegas Boulevard, about 4 or 5 miles south of Mandalay Bay, in the same mega-shopping complex as a woefully outdated outlet mall.The reason to come to BWW is (of course) the chicken wings.  I almost always get the boneless teriyaki, but you can get traditional wings too in more than a dozen different types of sauces, ranging from mild to dangerous.  BWW is more than just wings.  It has an unbelievable menu.  You can get a typical burger, pulled pork or grilled chicken sandwich.  There's also an awesome selection of appetizers.  Cheeseburger dippers, mini quesadillas, and my personal favorite mini corn dogs (with honey bbq sauce) are just some of the highlights.  Maybe my only gripe is that BWW does not serve traditional fries.  The only option are these things called Buffalo Chips, which are round fries about the size of nickels.  And of course, there's a good selection of beer.BWW is the ultimate place to get together with friends, watch the game and gorge yourself on food.  This location in particular has tv's everywhere, ranging from massive to small, many of them high-def.  To top it off it has the trivia game to pass the time between games and waiting for your food.  The restaurant is split up, with the main dining area in front.  A huge wall separates it from the bar area in the back, where people can smoke.  I can't recommend BWW strong enough to have a good time.  The location near the Galleria Mall in Henderson is also very fun.
2	I hate to bring B-Wild down a notch since I formerly owned shares of the company and I totally bought into the hype.However, I have to say that I was really disappointed.  I place B-Wild in competition with places like TGI Fridays, Chili's and BJ's.  In particular, as a fan of Chili's, I felt like this place should wow me beyond any particular experience at Chili's.  Chili's is decent, but it is a heartless chain... B-Wild is supposed to be the happy, super cool bar and grill that is a chain but gives the Mom and Pop type experience.First issue was the seating.  I felt as if there were not enough boothes and too many standalone tables.  Perhaps it was a layout issue or even a fire issue, but I think a bar and grill should just have a ton of boothes.  It is more comfortable for beer and wings.Secondly, the food was just not really up to snuff.  The fries sort of soggie and a little bit cold.  It is a real problem when you are serving shoe-string fries.  The wing sauces were fine (spicy garlic and Asian... actually the Asian one was really good), but I thought the the wings were a little on the tiny side.  Plus, $12.49 for 18 would be okay if the wings were a little bit bigger.  It just did not look impressive sitting in a couple of fry trays either.  The burger meat was okay, but I didn't have the option to have the meat medium and it was a little burnt.  I know I ordered cajun style, but come on!  The buns were good, but were cold.Finally, the service needed a little work.  The food took a long while to come out (might explain the cold fries).  Then some things were forgotten like the side of blue cheese for the wings and my salad.  Finally, I know that it was kind of slow, but servers were standing around talking to eachother rather than watching the tables.Maybe it was just an off day... maybe it is better on a game day... maybe I should have had a pitcher of beer...!I suppose that one should not be so picky about a bar and grill, but I really like the concept and appreciate the corporate management of the company.  So, I hope that they can make some improvements if the issue is systematic.  If it is just this one place, then I hope the manager regulates this location better.
4	Asian Zing...... enough said. Order it and enjoy!
4	This particular Buffalo Wild Wings has really great service:  attentive, on time, conversational.  I didn't finish with one glass of iced tea before another was brought by the waitress.  The only thing that distinguishes chain restaurants from their peers is the service, and this BWW has really great service.  Tasty food, great assortment of beverages, and more large screen televisions and those competitive trivia games. But lots of places have stuff like that.  This place has great service!
5	Any Buffalo Wild Wing joint is my first choice by far. When my husband and I head back to Las Vegas this is the first stop we make before headed home. I'm so happy they opened one South of the Strip. Beats Wing Stop by FAR! Sorry :) What I recommend: Parmesan Garlic, Asian Zing, and Carribean Jerk flavors... Don't forget your basket of wedges and stuffed mushrooms to go along with your tall glass of FAT TIRE.
5	Oh yeah....THIS is what you call some good ass chicken wings.  I'm not normally a chicken wing person, but I can eat a dozen of these crispy little suckers.  AND, their potato wedges are so good.  They're the perfect size, just enough crispiness, and perfectly seasoned.  mm mm good.What I like to do is get the wings dry, and get my sauces on the side.  They have like 20 different sauces, and all presented on the menu on an increasing spicy scale.  LOVE IT.  I loooove the parmesan garlic, asian zing, and the WILD.  Go on Tuesdays, and the wings are 45 cents each.  Definitely a place to stop by even when staying on the strip.
4	I LOVE WNGS! Well at least Buffalo WIld Wings. Went there and tried 5 different sauces (they have like 12 ranging from sweet to hot) and 10 wings of each sauce....so do the math.... 8, 15....carry the 2..... 50 WINGS! it was good. What's nice is that you can choose any # of sauces so's long as you order more than 6. They also have TV trivia and other games that you can play while you wait. I'm # 702 in the nation for triviia. The service is really good and they're quite the characters. Other pluses.... friendly atmosphere and open 24/7. Ample parking and lots of spots. Other than that, wings (plus on Wednesdays it's 50 cents per wing so instead of 32.99, I paid $25 well $20, a friend of mine paid me $5 to finish them) So enjoy! And let me know if you beat 50 wings, I DARE YA!
3	WIld wings are good, great  atmosphere for afterhour hang out. Good selection of beer and great wings as well.
5	We took a cheap cab ride to Buffalo Wild Wings or B-Dubs as the locals call it.. It is kind of far from The Strip and not worth walking to unless you are that bored.  The great thing about B-Dubs are the sauces!  They have about 20 different flavors!  We ordered 24 Boneless Wings in Spicy Garlic and Medium Hot, Buffalo Chips, Fried Garlic Shrooms and some Fat Tires to drink.  It was waaaay too much food for two drunk people!  My favorite thing that we ordered were the Buffalo Chips!  They are not crispy but more like fries cut into little pieces of chip-like heaven.  Our bartender was really nice and made some great suggestions.  She was also from the Yay Area!  Our meal was really cheap too!  Another reason to hit up B-Dubs on your next trip to Vegas!
4	I was really impressed with Buffalo Wild Wings!  I love that they have the challenge where your food is free if you eat 6 of their hottest wings in 12 minutes (Blazin').  My boyfriend tried their hottest wings (not the challenge) but said it wasn't as hot or as good as Atomic from Wingstop.  I'm in love with Lemon Peppered Wings and Buffalo Wild Wings didn't have it =(  However, they have a wide selection of other flavors ranging from sweet to hot.  I'm not a fan of sweet wings so I ordered 12 wings, half Spicy Garlic and half Medium.  I also tried my friend's parmesan garlic and enjoyed it as well.Besides wings, I also wanted to try their nachos, onion rings, and sandwiches.  I was told that their onion rings are nothing out of the ordinary so I refrained.  I decided I'd try the nachos and sandwiches next time I visit, which probably won't be anytime soon because there aren't any near Sacramento or San Diego =(They have special deals for lunch and good happy hour deals as well, although I don't remember exact times.I love, love that they have the trivia game where you can play against your friends or other people dining at the same time!  It's so entertaining!I also love that they're able to split the check so that each person's order is separated and includes tax so that each person knows exactly how much to pay!3 stars for the wings, another star for everything else!
4	I come here for boneless wing Thursday. Service is quick at 11am, food is good if you like bar type food and reasonably priced ( on Thursday ).
5	The best chicken wings however you want it but my ultimate favorite is Asian Zing and Mango Habanero, the spicy, sweet, salty and tangy taste of the sauce  covering a crispy chicken wing doest it all...  I can survive eating it all day and all night long since they are open 24 hrs.  And specially Tuesdays is their chicken wings day that gives a great deal even more!!!
1	This review is mainly in regards to their Fantasy Football Draft promo.Last year ('08 season) one of my fantasy football leagues saw an ad for hosting your draft party here, so we thought we would give it a try. It was pretty cool...we booked a date and time several weeks in advance and when we arrived they had a nice private table set up for us. We also got a great draft kit that included a board (we were able to hang it up on the wall) and color coded player stickers that were bright and visible for all at the table to see. We also got gift certificates for future visits and a discount on the bill. We had such a good experience that there was no question that we would be back for our draft in '09.So, this year I called three weeks prior to make our reservation. The guy manager that I spoke to was pleasant and helpful on the phone. I even had to call a couple of days later to change to date (same guy, very accommodating). On the day of our draft, very different story. I showed up early and noticed that a table was not set up for us. I inquired at the bar and the bartender just pointed to a high-top for us to sit at. This would not do, especially since we need a quieter area for the 12 of us to hear each other and wall space to hang our board. I started to wander over to the table we had last year and as a server walked by I asked for the manager. I waited, and waited, and still no manager, so my friends and I pushed tables together ourselves and sat down. Finally the manager arrived..she was very unwelcoming and told us we had to sit in the bar because she only had one bartender on and no server that could serve us. I explained to her that we wanted to sit here, that we had been here last year (same time at night) and it was an ideal setup, and that one of our players wasn't even 21 and able to sit in the bar. She was very rude and gave in to us sitting there eventually, but not without threatening us with the police!! Oh, yeah, we are in the dining/restaurant part of the place because like I said one of our guys is 20, and she's telling us that there is a curfew on the strip (mind you, we are no where near the resort corridor) and if the police come in, its not her problem. Then she went on to say that all the servers were leaving...we said "fine" and that we would just walk to the bar to order food and drinks. In the end we spent a lot less money because it was difficult to keep getting up in the middle of all our action to get more beer and food. No discount either. One other thing, another fantasy football team was there that same night and didn't seem to like being told they had to sit in the loud bar area either...they eventually moved all of their stuff in the dining/restaurant part too.So...I am also in another fantasy league. For the last four years, this league has always done its draft at Hard Rock Cafe. This year, based on my experience from '08 I convinced them to have the draft and BWW. After the experience with my first draft of '09 I called the day before to reconfirm the reservation and to make sure that the table we wanted would be available. Of course, the manage (the guy) didn't have our reservation. What!! We made it three weeks prior!! good thing I called. Again, I got there early (eager to make sure everything was going to go well especially after I got everyone to break from our HR Cafe tradition). We did get the table we wanted and we were even going to get service this time! woo hoo! Lots more drinking and food this time! Just as everyone shows up the manager (a manager, not the lady from the previous draft) informed us that they had no more draft kits! Really!! Are you kidding me!! We booked three weeks ago and I had even confirmed with the day manager who said nothing about not having any draft kits!!! I was so embarrassed and pissed off. I really thought my team was going to have a good experience and want to come back year after year. I guess we are just going to have to go back to HR Cafe or I hear Hooters has draft parties?? BOO WILD WINGS!!!P.S. I spent the first 25 years of my life in Buffalo....your wings are NOT real buffalo wings!!!P.P.S One star for the potato wedges with cheese and the really nice, attentive server we had the second draft of '09.
2	2.5 stars.  For those of you that have had the opportunity to have Buffs Wings in Newton, it was hard to think it was fantastic compared to Buffs.  The price was reasonable and we ordered two flavors, medium and Honey BBQ.  Medium was not as hot as I expected.  Honey BBQ was not bad.  It actually tasted sweeter if I had a buffalo first and then a honey bbq.  Not sure why but it worked.  The fries were good and crispy.  The sauce was too much and the wings themselves were not a little bit crispy.  It doesn't taste like it was ever fried.  The skin was kind of soggy and greasy.  The server was very nice though and she was just attentive enough.  If you're at the Outlet Mall, there is a ton of food options inside the mall.  I think I would have been more satisfied with maybe panda express' orange chicken.
4	I just stopped in to pickup my FREE slice of Birthday Cake for being an E-Club member.Very cool place with GIANT screen Tv and HOT chicks-my kinda place!The cake was sooooo rich & sweet  my teeth are still hurting a day later!! And I didn't make it to bed til 1am!! There may be a little bit of sugar used in the recipe.It's layered cake with choclate chips & syrup in between layers!! Yeah I know your jealous!!Happy Birthday to me indeed! I'll have to come back for some football, wings & beer!! Looks like a fun spot
4	I've never heard of this chain, probably because we don't have any in San Diego, but I thoroughly enjoyed my food there. We got 50 wings, half Honey BBQ the other half was Spicy Garlic - both flavors were delicious. I like all the different choices of sauce you have for the wings. I also ordered the Buffalo Chips which we're also quite tasty. I also inhaled a cheesecake with raspberry sauce.The beer was cheap, the service was great. Great atmosphere to watch games and sporting events. Lots of screens.  We were there on a Saturday and the college football crowd was in full effect.I'll definitely venture up to Burbank to check out the location there.
5	Great drinks! Great food! Great wings! Never really liked wings till I ate here...Its all about Spicy Garlic wings with blue cheese!!! And the nachos are the sheit too!Open 24 hours so its a great after work spot
2	Honestly the always overpriced and over rated wing place. The only thing good about this place really is the beer. Every time I meet up with an old coworker friend of mine here it is mainly to tear up the tap, not the wings. Trust me, If the wings come later it's an afterthought. The wings seem to get smaller every time I eat here. Service is just average. They really need to step things up here. Wingstop would be the way to go if you are craving Wings.
2	Mango Habanero was on hit, but service sucked ass!  A bunch of workers standing around and empty tables, yet it took forever for us to get seated, orders taken, refills, food, and our bill!They are open 24 hours though!  I'll give them another try the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Decent food, but the service is needlessly slow in the dining room. Wings are passable, not really big. Fans of the New England style "Wings Over" chain or Anchor Bar will be dissatisfied.  Good selection of sauces, but the hot brings only heat, no real spice flavor.
4	i stopped by here on my way into Vegas. I went a little shopping first at the outlet and it made me hungry. We saw this place on the way in so i decided to eat here. There's a BWW close to where i live, but i have not been to it yet. So this was my first time at Buffalo Wild Wings. I have seen the commercials about the customers not wanting to leaving and talking to the referee about extending the game. I did not think it was that great that i wanted to stay longer there. I know it's a commercial, but i would call it false advertising. lol. So it was a Tuesday and apparently they have cheap wings on this day. You can go with one sauce or with multiple. The minimum per sauce was 3 so i got 5 Hot BBQ, 5 mild, and 5 Honey BBQ. I didn't want to fill myself up too much because there are so many places to eat in Vegas. My friend got the hot mango one and it was pretty spicy and left the lips burning a little bit. But it had good flavor so it was worth the burn the second time. The service was alright...except she forgot 5 of my friend's wings. lol. I guess our order was too confusing or something. It took a while though to get my change from the bill.... but they were a little busy so it was understandable. I do not like to hate on restaurants. Usually there is a good excuse to why something is not going your way. This is a good place to watch a sports game on TV though. Especially if there are multiple sports going on at the same time because there are so many TV's on every wall.
4	Lots of TVs.  Every seat in the place you can view a TV. The food is very good.  I am from CA so, I visit this place whenever I am in town.
3	Overall the Buffalo WW hype is true if you are not going to the S. Las Vegas Location. The wings are great and the service is awesome at all of the other locations except this one.  If you are into hanging out at a table thirsty, hungry, and receiving no service than this is the place for you to go. Hello Management you have the worst location in town, and if you feel the traffic from the strip will keep you on the up and up I think i would rather go buy an overpriced basket of wings at ESPN Zone. Buffalo WW is a A+ your specific Location D.
3	Very spacious Buffalo's location on the strip next to the Outlet shopping center.  This location has the usual projection screens found at all Buffalo's, however, the seating is spaced perfect for football sunday.The usual on the food; wings, wings, and more wings.  They offer an extensive menu, but I find most of their food doesn't hit home like their wings.  Service is the usual for a bar that offers bar food; good not great.  Buffalo's gets the job done!
4	5 stars for the food, -1 star for the service, the wings are great but on a Friday night no credit or debit cards?! They made us go to the ATM, get charged for service fees and service was still VERY slow, I mean with chicken wings and beer how  could you possibly give bad service you ask? By not bringing me another beer and having a table full of empty glasses...,womp womp womp! *the boneless spicy garlic with a side of bleu cheese are my fave though!
4	Buffalo WIld Wings is one of my simple pleasures.  The food is simple yet good.  I ordered 8 boneless wings as usual.  This time with the parmesan garilc suace.  It is my favorite sauce without heat.  I also ordered buffalo chips with cheese and cajun.  As usual they were quite tasty.We had a large group and our server did a very good job keeping up with us.The endless supply of televisions gave us several sports options.
4	I was craving for some chicken wings so I searched on Yelp and the closest place I found was here. So I went there at 1:30am and found the best deal I've seen by far! 45 cent PER wing! My eyes bugged when I saw how great the deal was. 16 wings for $7.89!!! Now that, my friends, is a place you'll never want to miss out if you're looking for cheap but good buffalo wings. Plus they open for 24 hours. Though the dine area is closed during late night hours, you can still chill in the bar area. Nothing beats beer, sports on 70 inch HDTV, and of course, buffalo wings right?
3	I was a little miffed that after putting in, and playing $20, at the bar last night that there was absolutely no reciprocality on my bar tab. Service was fast enough. Wings were good.
3	Just had diner here and overall.... it was exactly what I expected. Lots of wings with a variety of flavors to choose from. Service was decent but did not blow me away and food was tasty... However, the prices of beer seemed a little higher then normal, or what I would have expected. I guess we can't have it all can we.
4	Been to B Dubs before but never this one. Went to watch the NFL Draft last Thursday. Sat at the bar with a friend and had a couple beers and some boneless wings (honey bbq) and fries. We were there for 3 hours and the staff was very friendly and the bartender didn't pressure us to get more stuff like some places will if you're there too long. The bar area had all the major games on and the draft. They had the volume on for the draft and there were a few others in there watching as well. Amazing that I called a number of so called "NFL Team bars" around town and none were doing any specials or events for the draft. Sad. Two of the places I called the girl that answered didn't even know what I was talking about when I asked if they were showing the draft. At least BWW had something going on. They get bonus points for that. Otherwise wings were delicious as always and service was good.
4	Mango habanero sauce was the business! Watched the NFL draft & Cavs/Bulls game here while visiting Vegas [again]. It wasn't crowded at all, our server was great.I really wish they'd open one in San Diego; it would fare very well considering we love sports bars out here.
4	THEY HAVE A FOOD CHALLENGE HERE!12 Blazzin' Hot Wings 6 Minutes to Finish themNo DrinksNo SaucesNo Napkins.....Eternal Greatness...... (In the form of a sweet shirt, check out the pic!)on top of the rest of the goodness, great wings, great selection of beer, great staff..... I love this place.....So if you think you can handle the HOTTEST OF THE HOT, then come here and order their Wing Challenge!!!(note: the heat comes from the temperature of the wings, and the 20 minutes after.... order a side of celery for the aftermath cause that shitz is HOT!)Enjoy!
2	Oh man I have a mixed review. We came here for game 6 of Lakers vs Suns.  It's cool that there's lots of big tv's showing all sports. The vibe is cool, loud n fun. We sat at the bar and the bartenders r cool and nice. But daym...I'm starving!! We ordered our wings during the first quarter and now we are on the fourth quarter and nothing. The food didn't come and the bartender checked with the waitress three times. But every time the bartender asked the waitress, the waitress shook her head, I dont know if that meant no, she hasn't checked it or no, it's not ready. What?don't they have tons of wings back there? Like thousands and they can't find 25 pcs of wings for us? Ridiculoid!! We ended up cancelling our order during the last 5 minutes of the 4th quarter. What chaps my hide is there is no empathy and although we spent lots on beer, there was no "hey sorry for the missing wings order, here's a glass of beer on us". Nothing for our miserable wait...nada.Everyone else gettin their wings except for us. Man, we also had slow slow service in the Torrance location, 1hour wait for 25 pcs. And here too? Im trying to give BWW a chance but it can't redeem itself. It would have been nice to be munching on some wings with the beers but whatever. Never again.We are so hungry that we are going next door to Cane's...that actually is great which I will post in another review.
4	Do I dare say it? Yes, yes I do...I think I like this place better than Wing Stop. Too bad the nearest location in my area is about an hour drive away. Gah! Anyway, here's what my friend and I had:Southwest Dippers - These li'l things had a mighty tasty filling of pepper jack cheese, tomato, onion, jalapeno, corn and black beans. The ranch dip balanced the heat level nicely.Traditional Spicy Garlic Wings - For some strange reason, the spicy part overpowered the garlic. I was only able to manage two of these. Yes, I'll admit I can be a weakling at times when it comes to spicy things, aite?!Traditional Honey BBQ Wings - Although I have yet to try all of the other flavors, I think this one is the best. I'm more than likely to order this again the next time I come around here. Best believe there will be a next time. We also ordered some Traditional Mild Wings to go for our friends back at the hotel. They even tried our leftovers and said that everything was good. BWW has earned itself some new fans!
4	Great wings and sauce, and good service.    Very sports friendly.
2	Quick update for one of my favorite BW3's locations in town.  The whole naked tenders menu option is a new one being I'm no longer a buffalo's regular.  I love the idea of naked tenders but for the money, I think el pollo loco is a better deal.  I know what everyone is think "It's the sauce that makes bw3's bro".No bro...... the sauce is of no use if you haven't got any chicken after two bites.  The service is under par even at a slow bar and overall you expect a little more from such a popular chain.... whoops.... chain; guess I forgot about that.
4	Great food. Football on big screens.  Nice staff. Go check it out.
3	Service: our server was flustered with too many tables and we felt like a burden when we asked her for a refill of celery sticks.mango-spicy: very spicy and goodgarlic asian: not as spicyjerk chicken: not spicy at all!!Overall very good buffalo wings, though they could just throw in more celery sticks.2X celery refills =$1.20 seriously???Beware. You will get charged for extra celery sticks even though a stalk of celery is less than a buck each.
4	Love the atmosphere here on game day!  The kids love to play trivia.  We love the Chili Con Queso Dip.  I order the same thing each time... The Chicken Tender Salad with Honey BBQ and Ranch.  It has fresh crisp lettuce, red onions, tomatoes, seasoned croutons, and their delicious chicken tenders tossed in any sauce you desire, plus dressing.  Yum!
1	I went here to watch a Monday night football game to get some wings and appetizers. The wings their famous for were tiny, the queso and chips we sent back because I can get better queso in a jar at a grocery store. The nachos were so bad that I had to force myself to eat more each time because I was hungry, the cheese sticks and marinara weren't worth taking a second bite of (and I love cheesesticks anywhere else I've been). The boneless wings had too much tooth breaking crunchy batter with too little hot sauce that only covered parts of this awful crunch. The only good thing was the onion rings, ranch dressing, and many giant tvs to watch the game, but even the uncomfortable wooden stools made me never want to go back here!  If you have very low standards for what you consider is good food then eating here is just fine.
4	I prefer this location over any other; the service is great, the food arrived quickly, and they don't skimp you on the wing sauce!
4	Well, we visit this place twice during a 6 day trip to Vegas. Sports bar atmosphere to the hilt! Probably the largest number of spices & sauces combinations you can have your wings or tenders cooked to order. Very reasonable. This place would absolutely kill Hooter's, Wing Stop, and Wings N Things back in San Diego. I know many of you would still go to Hooter's, but lets be honest, it isn't for the wings... :D If good chicken wings are what you're really after, give this place a try!
4	Alright so for a chain hot wing restaurant I don't expect much more... they offer a large of variety of wing sauce flavors and temperatures. Which I think is pretty darn good! The chicken is what you can expect from any large restaurant chain. It's a fun place to go with a group of friends order a bunch of beer and wings, what more do you want. The beer selection and service is typically not all that bad either, when in need of hot wings and I nothing else that is local or regional comes highly recommended I will typically default to the Buffalo Wild Wings! Try the Blazin' Challenge if you dare...the staff is so much fun and all I can say is "Oh you think you fancy!"
3	Is Blazin' really as hot as it gets here? I don't know if I've developed some iron palate or whether it's the suits at corporate telling them that anything spicier will scare off the middle America fanny packer crowd. But that's their hottest sauce, and while it's got a robust flavor, it just doesn't come anywhere near the kind of heat I crave as the kind of capsaicin addict who's not satisfied until... well, the less said about that the better.My point is, if you're going to be a wing place, give people a chance to really challenge their taste buds. I think even Hooters' 3 Mile Island is hotter.That being said, I also love the Caribbean Jerk sauce even though it's barely hot at all - it's not supposed to be. The Spicy Garlic is more vinegar-based, tangy in such a way that sometimes seems more aggressive than the Blazin'. As for the Asian Zing? I didn't think it had much zing at all, it just tasted sweet. I was hoping for more soy/sesame based but I think it's more sweet & sour. Pass. Mango Habanero: could taste lots of mango, barely any habanero. Alsop ass.The "buffalo chips" suffer from the same starchy, wan fate as your average steak fry.BWW gains points for being open 24/7/365, which is nothing notable in this town until you consider that it's a buffalo wing place, and for having a staff that's always friendly. They also offer free wi-fi.I go here all the time because it's close and convenient moreso than because it's great. But it's good enough. Probably more like 3.5 stars, but of course Yelp doesn't give that option.
3	This is where I come when I'm craving cold beer and flaming hot wings. I just can't seem to resist Buffalo wings and every time I come here, I order the mango habanero wings. I can barely stand the heat, but the flavors are out of control yum. They're my favorite. I try to come when they have their weekly specials, but I honestly don't come half as often as I'm tempted to. This location is open 24 hours, which is pretty bad a$$!  Bring on the heat.
4	This is right next to my work, but I didn't realize how busy they get in the afternoons.  Nonetheless... awesome place and great wings !Ordered:* 12 piece wings w/ fries basket, ranch for dip, and ice water.** (Parmesan Garlic / Spicy Garlic)Pros-  * Super quick service... even during the busy hours.  I sat at the bar.* Huge projection screens with a variety of things playing (sports, news, etc.)* Friendly staffCons-* Lamp was bad on one of the projectors, thus creating a problem w/ image quality.Tips-* Try their Parmesan Garlic... It's my favorite!!* They have a lunch special menu and Tuesdays is wing day!!* Juke Box available in the back if you wanna play DJ.Not much to say when it comes to cons.  I'm definitely a fan!  I picked up a menu, so now I can order for my lunch !!
4	PROS:-lively atmosphere-$0.49 wings on Tuesdays-free refills-great tasting wingsCONS:-service can be slow when they're busy, our waiter ignored us several times when she walked right by usnot a lot of cons for this place to be honest, I am a fan of this place now. But since I'm trying to choose healthier places to eat and eating home cooked meals, you won't see me here every week. But I highly recommend trying out this place, particularly when it's not during lunch or dinner rush so that your service is quicker and your waiter will be more attentive.
3	What's there to say about the wings and the beer? Tasty and delicious as always! The only reason why I gave three stars is because of the service. This location could definitely work on service that deals better with being under pressure, heavy restaurant flow, and overall courtesy. Tiffany the bartender is amazing, but other than that a lot of the waitresses/bartenders seem like they don't want to be wasting their time here. While the service doesn't bother me [too] much, it's definitely the BWW in town to visit if you're out for a late night craving.
1	The one in Yuma, AZ was better. I had honey BBQ wings for appetizer, which were OK at best. For dinner had black and bleu burger. Didnt read menu close enuff, I guess. For $9 I got a "slider" with bleu cheese dressing squirted on it. The bun was tastey...more of a dinner roll, actually. The burger was disgusting....like it was baked or microwaved or somthing. Service was friendly but slow. Took them 5 minutes to make a gin/tonic while at 40% capacity. The only thing that will drag me back into one of these restaurants is a mandatory work function. A shame since I really wanted to like this place.
4	DANGER DANGER WILL ROBINSON! Buffalo Wild Wings does $9.99 all you can eat traditional and $10.99 boneless wings on Mondays-Fridays from 11-2. Not only do you get wings, but you also get the choice of fries, wedges, or buffalo chips. For an additional dollar, you can upgrade to onion rings.Waking up to a text from Kristina D. at 9:30am about this magnificent deal, I jumped at the chance. After doing the math and feeling the gastrointestinal ramifications; come here on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday for the deal. On Tuesday, you can eat 20 wings for about the same price. If you can't eat that many, just do the $0.49 special. I know that AYCE includes a side, but they are just filler to distract you.Even though the place was packed, the service is still as efficient as it normally is. They are quick with the delivery of wings and the refills on drinks are consistent.
4	In comparison to like minded and styled sports bars and chicken wing joints BDubs is supreme.  Aside from the wings the fried mushrooms are delicious but the southwestern dippers are nothing to sneer at.
3	**********Found a 24 hour buffalo wild wings!**********The place is all tinted up for whatever reason maybe to keep out the sun however its open at yes 4 am in the morning when we came back from clubbing. It's probably the smallest bww I've been to.When you walk into buffalo wild wings you expect to smell the aroma of  many different spiced wings, however here our nostrils was met with a strong foul odor known as the sewage pipe. It reeked throughout the restaurant, they used a fan to blow out the smell out the back door. Anyhow after that stinky issue we order our wings. I must say the wings here they don't go cheap on the sauce! Usually the Mango Habanero is not as hot but the Sauce here gave my lips/tongue a burning sensation. So for those wondering if there is a 24 hour buffalo wild wings out there in Vegas. Well here it is!
4	Nice sports bar
3	Can you say over rated? Buffalo Wild Wings is lucky that I love chicken wings other wise this place wouldn't even sniff a 3 star rating. Why you ask? Well for one thing their wings were tiny tiny tiny. For the price we paid just doesn't cut it for how far this place is from my sisters house, just doesn't cut it. I know we got a Buffalo Wild Wings place back in the Bay Area but it's about 20-30 minutes away, but after this experience with wings, I probably won't be coming to any Buffalo Wild Wings, unless I really had no choice.The sauces here was bad! I'll be quite honest here, I am use to Wing Stop Wings a sauces but by no means am I comparing how they make their wings here to Wing Stops. I have enough wing experience to know that BWW didn't look to appealing. For one thing the garlic parmesan flavor just looked like throw up, but already having to buy it, I had to try it. It had a lot flavor, not that I don't like flavor, its just that it seemed like it had to much flavor, but my main question is who will like to eat something that looked like vomit sauce? Well, ya I did, but I can assure you that I wasn't pleased eating it. The other flavor that I got on my wings were the Caribbean Jerk and even that wasn't great, it had a little spice and kick but not the flavor I was hoping for. My son ordered the mini corn dogs and what it looked like he got was corn breaded vienna sausages, if my son wanted vienna sausages I could of just got a can of e'm and warmed e'm up with some rice (he probably would of enjoyed e'm better) I'm just a bit disappointed on how badly our food turned out and how not great it tasted.I'd hate to put this place down because I LOVE chicken wings, and like I said this place would be anything lower than 3 stars without my love for chicken wings. If it wasn't for how cool how this place looked with all their sports TVs, cool little trivia games for the kids and huge obsession with chicken wings, believe me this place would get 2 stars.P.S. Please Buffalo Wild Wings, upp your game up and stop serving those dinky little wings that don't fill me up unless I buy 20 wings to myself and then at the end of the day you guys charging me over priced little wings. Maybe think about changing the vomit sauce, it doesn't look very appealing.
4	Wing Tuesdays are the way to go! They have a promotion on Tuesdays where you can get traditional wings at a discount. The wings here blow everyone else out of the water. They have a variety of flavors that cater to everyone! I really like how they have their flavors on a spicy meter so you know what level of spice you're getting yourself into.My favs:-Salt and Vinegar (dry rub that has a punch of flavor)-Mango Habanero (a must try if you like spicy)-Asian Zing (mildly spicy, but full of flavor)-Parmesan Garlic-Spicy GarlicI've had a few others that were good, but these are the ones that have stood out to me.
5	I have never eaten in this place and decided to give it a try last night. The first thing I want to commend is the service. Well, at least the person who took our order and kept our ice water and soda flowing. I ordered the Mango Habanero wings and a basket of Salt and Vinegar fries. Incredible! The wings were delicious, cooked perfect and though hot very, very enjoyable. The fries actually were mixed with some lemon spice too, so they were lemon, salt and vinegar. Even though we actually ordered the spice on the side the kitchens mistake in mixing the spices made a very delicious basket of fries. Yum!!!!I'd definitely go here again.
2	We were invited to a friend's surprise birthday dinner at BWW yesterday. The guest of honor and his girlfriend (the planner) were running late, and the wife and I ended up being the first people from our group. We were told to ask for our party's table, the hostess said they don't take names/reservations, and she didn't know anything about it. Turns out, the General Manager either doesn't know how to inform her employees of group reservations, or her employees just don't know how to do their jobs. After the rest of our experience, I am leaning toward incompetent employees.Once the planner called and talked to the hostess and explained everything to her, suddenly a group table was set up. We were seated and had our drink order taken relatively quickly. That first round of drinks turned out to be the ONLY one I got. If you aren't drinking alcohol, the waitstaff does not care to check up on you. And, one of their families or close friends was a table over from us, you can guess where the service went.I have been privy to many large group activities with menu based ordering. Intelligent staff will either section off the order or at least make notes as to where the food goes. Not sure if our order taker did that, as the staff that brought out the food would stand, literally, next to tables about 5 feet away from us and use a normal speaking voice asking us who's food was in her hands. If you have never been to a BWW before, they are big rooms with maybe a dozen or more TV sets playing sports. Add to that, a couple large parties in the room (one of which was having a great time laughing constantly), the room gets a bit loud. It is OK in that situation to speak up, or get closer to the table to ask where the food goes. Enunciation and speaking up are important too. Many of us could only discern partial words coming out of the server's mouth when asking about the food in her hands.The food was OK, nothing spectacular, for us at least. The couple across from us ordered some wings (were brought the wrong type boneless vs bone-in) and one batch had such a horrific flavor she could not stand the first bite. The servers never came by to ask if the food was ok, and this girl was too polite to yell at someone to get their attention.Our food order included some sides to dip our food in, which were never received, but still on our check. We, of course, had those taken off. The $5.00 "service charge" for our large group is a bit of a crock. Had we gotten service, the staff would have been given nice tips. Being that we were forced to pay that much, that was about $4.95 more than they deserved.If you want a sports fan friendly place to drink over priced alcohol and eat overpriced food, BWW is a decent enough place to get raucous with your friends.However, if you would like to get what you order, have your drinks refilled AT ALL and enjoy your visit, you may want to go elsewhere.
3	Oh lordy.Now normally I LOVE BWW, this time not so much! we went in and it was semi busy, we were seated and our waitress came and took our order for drinks. My son was sick and kept telling her he didnt want anything to drink and she was like "are you sure?" then started naming all kinds of drinks. He of course said no and then finally agreed to try some cranberry juice. It arrived from the bar in a cocktail glass, which was dirty, and he tried it and said no. So she pressed on... he finally agreed to chocolate milk, which I didnt want him to have since he had strep but whatever he didnt have but 1 drink.We ordered boneless wings, I ordered my fave mango habanero, honey bbq, and Caribbean jerk. My son ordered mac and cheese, but again he didnt eat it! My wings came out and I was not impressed at all! The wings tasted funny and the sauces were like thick and yucky. The breading on the wings was all wrong, idk what was up with them that day but I seriously couldnt eat them. My honey bbq was nasty as was the carribean jerk, so I asked for more mango habanero  and she brought me out bone in ones... ahh! I was like in my tiny voice "I'm sorry, but I wanted boneless ones : (" she looked at me and was like well do you just want these instead? No miss lady, I want boneless, pwease! It doesnt matter these tasted like shat as well!Our waitress was super crummy, she kept talking to this one table and wouldnt come and get us water or anything. Not until the very end when we were all irritated and ready to go she asked if we needed any water or refills on wings. Ugh! Oh well, I'm nice and tipped her because thats how I roll!Maybe it'll be better next time!
2	I'm the champ! Note to self, never do a spicy eating contest ever again....In my younger invincible days, this would have been a walk in the park. Now that I'm old and my digestive juices are in second gear, this challenge was a marathon. Like all marathons, the pain and blisters set in the next day.
3	Came here after work yesterday morning. That's one good thing about BW3 in Vegas compared to home... 24 hours! I was the only one in there with 2 other guys. Got some naked tenders and a veggie boat to go while I caught up on Sportscenter. Honey BBQ and medium sauce are the way to go! Great spot for game watching any time.
1	I used to love coming to b dubs for wings when they first came to town forever ago but it seems that they have consistently been bad the last couple times I've been here. I always get the caribbean jerk sauce on my wings, but the wings taste overdone or too crispy. The app platter was very salty. My other disappointment was they advertised that they had woodchuck amber, but the waitress says "oh that menu is wrong, don't pay attention to that" uh ok, update maybe? Maybe my waistline will thank me that I'm no longer a chix wing fan.
3	I've gone here a couple times already. This is actually the only Buffalo Wild Wings I've ever been to so I don't have much to compare it to. Both times that I've gone, I ordered the Traditional Wing Combo with Honey BBQ sauce; Very savory, tangy, and sweet with a mild kick. The combo comes with your choice of sauce, coleslaw, and french fries. The fries are mediocre, kind of on the soggy side and the coleslaw is sub par. Now that I think of it, I should really just stick to the wings and not get the combo at all because the celery and dipping sauce is just enough. The service was pretty slow both times I've gone even though it was before noon, so I can't imagine how they deal with the later crowds of people (especially on Wing Tuesdays). All in all, this is a decent place to eat if you're in the plaza and don't want to pay for expensive mall food. They have specials on different days and happy hour as well. They even have free wifi, which is always a plus. Tips:-Wing Tuesdays = 45 cent wings-Boneless Thursdays = 60 cent boneless wings-Celery, carrots, ranch, and bleu cheese are not included on Wing Tuesdays and Boneless Thursdays-Free Wifi-Happy Hour 5-7pm (not completely sure)
4	Much like many of the other BWW's It Is spacious enough, yummy eats and a FANTASTIC HAPPY HOUR. so please do make a pit-stop here on your way to the mall :)
4	Good wings and good service, what more can I ask for?
4	This is my Tuesday 45 cents and Thursday 65 cent chicken wing spot. Awesome chicken. Good atmosphere. Tv. Sports. Trivia. Happy hour with $3 drinks. What more do u want?
3	Buzztime champ of the night, well only one round out of three. Some guy killed me the other rounds. If you do not know what that is, it is the trivia game you can play while you eat and I do it every time. At least at this BWW's they gave me a device that works! Yay! Also the food is usually good, however I had tried their grilled chicken sandwich and did not really care for that. Fries are always good though. We did go on wing Thursday so my friends got 3 orders of 5 different flavored wings. Got to love that. I still have not found a sauce to my liking, but I will try again soon maybe. The waitress was really nice at this one. She really got involved with us in a conversation about random things and it was pretty cool. She remembered the RANCH! Yes! Also my Peach Tea (alcoholic) was amazing. I shall be back to this one in the future only because its the closet one. I mean usually all BWW's are the same, but this was my first trip to one in Vegas and it was really the same as always. They have good drinks, wings, and fries, everything else not so great.
5	Just updating my review:  I came here to enjoy their lunch specials, but ended up purchasing something that wasn't even on the menu anymore.  I noticed the menu had Fish N Chips, but no Fish Sandwich.  I asked my server if they still had the Fish Sandwich on the menu.  She said that it was taken off the menu, but they could still make me one if I was interested.  That's awesome!  It's not even on the menu anymore and I was still able to order it!    Why did I go to BWW for some fish?  Not a clue.  I didn't intend on ordering a Fish Sandwich.  Just felt like it last minute when I saw the Fish and Chips on the menu.
1	Went to BWW to watch the UFC fight. It was a giant cluster. They closed the restaurant and took down names for a first come, first serve seating to watch UFC. Problem was that the crowd building up to watch the fight swelled in the waiting area and poured out the front door, People were standing on top of each other waiting for a table. When they finally began trying to seat the crowd, they abandoned the list and started seating the crowd closest to the hostess stand. If and when they tried to call out a name on the list, no one could hear. It was complete caos. Very poorly handled by management and staff.
1	I usually love BWW but I went in and it was the worst experience I've had in a long time. The chicken was over cooked and they skimped on the sauce. The manager even called the food terrible yet did nothing about it. I would recommend going, just not to this restaurant. We also received terrible service full of excuses.
1	Summery: AvoidThe lady and I were hungry after doing some shopping at the nearby malls. We were trying to settle on something between food court and 200$ dinner. We normally avoid chains and this reminded us why.Sit down at the bar, order a few drinks to get things going. They are slightly under poured... but what gets me were the garnishes. Her orange goose and soda came with the tiniest sliver of orange you have ever seen, you could see through it... my captain and coke had no limes. We didn't order from the well... at least gives us a proper pour and some proper garnishes... 1 starFirst bar course is cheese sticks.. how can you mess this up? Fry it so long the cheese bursts out and inside is a hollow tube of burnt oil and crust. Yummy. The one 2oz portion cup filled half full with marinara sauce didn't really work for 6 cheese was-there-at-one-time sticks...  1 starBut before I had a chance to complain the main course arrived. Mine looked like a kids meal.. it was a jerk chicken sandwich...inedible. The chicken was fine, but it was ruined with a combo of bad spice and terrible sauce. The bun was a plain white grocery store style... probably came from sams club.. it wasn't what I remember bw3 being like on the east coast. I estimate the chicken served was on the smaller side oft 4oz.. I ate less than half of it. The french fry chips on the side, which were actually good, numbered in the teens. A huge rip off though when paired with a disgusting sandwich and overall portion size. 1 starShe had boneless wings which were fine, by themselves around 3 star. They had obviously been "quality checked" because one of the them was missing. -1 star... But the worst offense was being served without celery. - 1star... total= 1 star..Service was terrible. I don't hold the bartender responsible for badly cooked food. But nobody asked us if we liked it. The runner auctioned food around the bar and the bartenders who took the order didn't step in to straighten things out. After our baskets sat pushed aside we felt like we were being ignored waiting for the bill.Leaving was the best part of the meal. BWW is not the best place ever to begin with... but this location is the worst I have ever been to.
1	UFC 143;    Service charge of 18% added to bill; never saw that before for 'events' nights?Free 6 wing coupon not honored by management -  Restrictions apply!Where does it say that on the invoice used to fill out the on line survey??Also, when the coupon will be honored?--  States to present within 14 days.Mine was from the previous week, but manager said had to be 3 days?  HUHPoor management and customer skills -  makes up stuff when confronted withfacts and refuses to discuss further.Note:  the wings were not good on this visitSouth Strip; Las Vegas Blvd.
1	Over ten open tables and they won't seat because the servers are too slow. Horrible!
3	D Bag hot spot. Great if you love sports on TV and a bunch of yelling men, getting drunk.I don't, but you might!Love the fact that you can totally customize any dish with flavor.
5	We went to Buffalo Wild Wing on Tuesday because of there $.50 cent special and I LOVE this place! It was somewhat already busy during lunch time but was seated rather quickly. Our service was just okay but the food was amazing. I ordered the Spicy Garlic and Hot flavor (which wasn't that hot) and they were perfect! I am definitely gonna start going to the BWW here in Honolulu and can't wait. :)
4	I've never been to this B-Dub's until my fiance and I were craving food while at Fry's Electronics down the street. My fiance wanted chicken strips so I pulled up BWW on my Yelp app. I'm a fan of hot wings and BWW in general. I like the atmosphere and sitting in the bar area is always a best bet for quick and friendly service typically.We sat in the bar and we were quickly greeted by our waitress, who was talkative and nice. She asked me about my tattoo and we discussed local tattoo parlors as well. So for service I am going to say 5 stars for our waitress, but I can't remember her name.Next is food. Normally I order either boneless wings or normal wings. It's kind of a no-brainer. I mean, you are coming to BWW. But their potato wedges are really good too. On this visit I had a cheeseburger and let me tell you why. You see, there are a lot of fancy-schmancy burger places around town that will make you a burger with different types of sauces and rubs. They'll charge you an arm and a leg for them too. At BWW you can add any wing sauce or wing rub to your burger. Maybe the burger isn't top-notch quality, BUT you are getting a very interesting burger combo for a much cheaper price than at a burger joint that will upcharge you for EVERYTHING.I got my burger cooked with the chipotle rub and it was delicious. I also asked for a small container of the chipotle rub to sprinkle on my french fries - so good too. You also get a selection of cheeses at BWW and I tend to go with the pepperjack cheese for an extra kick. So, it does pay to take a look at the menu at a place even if they are well known for a certain type of food. I'm sure I'll be back for the wings eventually.
4	i had there normal hot wings and thought they were great. i caught the happy hour which is actually 2 hours and i was pleasently surprised. they have alot of beers on tap and the bartender was very knowledgeable. i thought the wings were a little expensive but tasted excellent. one thing i really liked was they offer wet naps with wings.
4	its open 24/7 !!!chicken is a great source of protein when you're partying vegas style (all day, all night). add some awesome wing sauce - and VOILA! tasty. same chain, different city/location.
3	The only good thing about this place was my fried pickles.  The service was bad, but   I can't blame the waitress for that.  The place was full and she was the only one running around.  It took about 10-15 mins when we were sat down for anyone to ask what we wanted to drink and almost a 20-25 min wait for us to get our food. When I got my wings they were cold and dry.  More staff and the service would probably have been better.
3	Not bad not bad.  Lots of TV's to watch sports on.  There was a ton of people in here during lunchtime which caused our service to slow down considerably [like trying to pay and go back to work].  I got a grilled chicken salad it was good enough not the best I've ever had but it did the trick.  I'll go back to try it again just to watch football on their huge screens!
1	Hey I am a huge fan of Buffalo Wild Wings... Huge Fan... However it's been a long time since I have been to the Vegas ones... So while I was in Vegas went to one of my favorite Wild Wings... The server had an attitude... But, the worst part when I went to the restroom to wash my hands... OMG the restroom was filthy... and I mean filthy... I reported it to the manager a short stocky guy... He kind of shrugged and says we have been busy.... I mean this place was beyond filthy... I mean what does their kitchen look like...
3	Could maybe be the worst service I've ever had at any place.   Ignored by everyone here.   Good food however.   5stars for food 1 star for service.  So B dubs gets a 3.  However if you want great service just prefer it togo and get beers from your Fridge. Cause this chick bartender won't get you a drink EVER!!!
2	I'm very sad to say, that this BW's did not live up to my usual standards.  The restaurant is great, lots of TVs and plenty of room.  However, the bar side needs help.  Especially with the bartending.  They were rude, slow and it took me forever to get a beer...I was playing video poker, should've had comped beers.  But, the bartender charged me.  When I asked why, he then proceeded to tell the whole bar how much I spent gambling and how that was only worth the amount of free drinks he had already comped.  Then, he stomped off muttering something about stupid corporate rules.  Unprofessional.  I love the BW's franchise restaurants, but this one needs some TLC.
3	I love me some chicken wings, so thought I would suggest this place for a friend in town on business as a place to grab some wings. Had seen it a couple times when I lived in the Area and he was staying at Mandalay Bay. Arrived on a Saturday afternoon, on a game day. Really packed in the bar and the main floor. I had been here once before and the bartenders were really slow-even for a beer, so decided to give this place another shot with my friend. Took about 15 minutes to get seated, even with a few tables on the main floor obviously open. Some pretty cute sports attired girls working there, who I think might have taken longer than needed to seat us because all the staff is young and flirting back and forth and shooting the shit more than working. But that's cool, it's a relaxed environment and they are easy on the eyes. Waded through the sea of people and sat down. Waited about 15 mins between the water person and our actual server taking our order. Guess it's to be expected on game day-I'm not a big sports person, but I do enjoy watching people get riled up and yell and scream when sh*t hits the fan on the million flat screens they have on the walls. I ordered the 48 or 50 piece wings for $34.95 with 4 different types of sauces and my friend had a standard burger.  Place was cracking and only took about 20. I chose the Teriyaki, Lemon Pepper, Thai Curry and my favorite Mango Habenero'. All the chicken had the bones (I prefer it that way) and all probably cooked slightly longer than needed to be-but not a huge deal. The Lemon Pepper ones were under Seasoned, The Thai Curry hinted at that peanut type flavor, and the Teriyaki was just slathered in the sauce....The Mango Habenero were just right and I devoured them. It was a lot more food than I expected-I ate about 30 pieces before I had to undo a belt notch. lol The beers were nice and ice cold and they have a decent selection, though I think our total time there was about 2 and a half hours, but the service in between items could've probably been sped up a little bit.All in all, not the best, not the worst, but a great place to b.s. with a friend and catch up with the standard Sports Bar feel. I'll probably come back on one of the wing specialty nights with some friends. Like I said, some of the server girls were smokin hot with those black football lines under their eyes. Hope you like my review! Cheers!~Mb
1	Sitting in bar area waiting on 6 wings. Its been an hour and they are 20% full. Took us 20 minutes to get drinks, too. Will never be back.
4	Perfect spot for lunch.
2	Chad at the bar hates his job. He made that obvious through his poor service and bad attitude. Our crime? Eating dinner and buying drinks.
2	There's no need for me to go into detail about this place, you know what it is and you know what you're getting. But to the jacka$$ who told me that BWW has some of the best nachos in the city, please hold your arm out, wind it back, and slap yourself right in the face. You have lost all credibility and made me waste stomach space...jerk.
4	BWW has grown on me over time. The wings here are pretty decent. The other food is whatever. I would just stick to the wings. Alot of flavors to choose from. I do recommend the garlic mushrooms though. They are really good and I could probably just fill up on those if I could. I also do get the honey bbq flavor. That is probably my favorite from BWW. I've tried other flavors but I don't think any really compare to that. I'm not really a big spicy person either. Plenty of big screens to watch sports on but I don't really come here for sports. It can get really busy when a big game is on or any game for that matter. The service is pretty much a hit or miss here. You either get good or bad service and I have gotten both here at this location. This place is near where I work and it is definitely a good place to grab lunch. They have good lunch specials going on. I do also like that if you do have a late night wing craving you can go to BWW.
4	yummy yummy! i love going for happy hour with my friends! it's good food and good drinks, what more could you ask for? only thing is depending on when you go there tends to be a rather long wait. it's best to go on a weekday or when there isn't a huge game playing.  if there's a game and you don't care about it, then don't go. there's no point in waiting when everyone is there to watch so they'll never leave haha i love the lakers, but i don't want to go watch them lose (they've been doing a lot of that lately) just because the food is cheap. But that's just my opinion haha
4	When all else fails, hit the BWW. Ya, even in Vegas! Off the strip and away from most of the chaos. Great place to sit back and relax..
2	Personally I hate this location but sometimes I join others who go to this one. EVERY TIME I order spicy garlic wings it comes out tasting different I have no clue why and that is the reason I hate this location.
1	Followup to my previous (not very detailed) review.Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me a 3rd time and...quit fooling me damn it!I always enjoy my Spicy Garlic Wings. After my December visit I made the mistake of returning to this location in January. When my wings arrived they were clearly old (not fresh) and looked terrible sitting on the server's tray next to someone else's hot fresh wings. I pointed this out to the server and she replied the wings are "always fresh" which proved two things. 1st, she doesn't understand how the kitchen at BWW functions, and 2. She's blind. I asked her if it was her order would she accept it...her response was she doesn't like Chicken.I then asked for a manager who proceeded to tell me the wings looked fine but she'll bring new ones...they look fine, really? I'll pass....and we left. Strike Two.After two strikes I suppose I'm a glutton for punishment. I returned in Feb. for a third visit and I thought for sure the third time was a charm. The bartender was friendly and my wings arrived quickly. The wings themselves were a bit dry but I've lowered my standards and I was hungry! My second bite into the second wing I found a hair in my mouth. It wasn't my hair...DAMN! COMPLETELY DISGUSTING.The bartender was very apologetic and took the food away quickly. She then informed the manager of the situation. This was a very heavy hispanic gentleman who came around the bar, leaned over next to me and said, "so what happened?"  You're kidding right...what happened? Didn't the bartender just tell you? Where's my apology? Where's your concern? What happened? REALLY?On my way out I wrote down the name of the General Manager on the door and proceeded to call the listed number which of course was simply the direct line to the restaurant. The person who answered the phone didn't recognize the name I was asking for (HER BOSS) and after placing me on hold to check with someone else came back to advise me the GM is not there, comes and goes without warning and there is no way to contact her unless I leave a message. I chose to leave the message here instead. I still love BWW but will NEVER, EVER VISIT THIS LOCATION AGAIN.
2	went last Sunday with a couple of friends. the food was horrible and the service was just ok........ chicken was dry and tasteless... will not go back
2	Being a busy and popular franchise in Vegas, you'd think BWW had better quality control and training of their employees. This specific location was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had, especially the worst BWW experience.Upon arriving shortly before 11pm, the dining room was empty with no servers around. Stepping to the bar area revealed some life, my lady and I took a seat at an empty table. It took only a few seconds to get some service, so that was a plus. The staff however looked sloppy. They in no way attempted to be friendly or make you feel comfortable. The two bartenders were moving around constantly, while a server or two would either be standing around or serving food. Our particular server was a mess, had no emotion and was in no rush to get anything done. The only saving grace was that the food actually came out quite well. Not much of a saving grace to be honest. After finishing our meals, it took 10 minutes to get noticed so we could grab a check. We waited another 10 to actually receive it, and at least 5 more after giving my debit card to get it back. At this point only the two bartenders were working. I looked around for a server to ask for some lids for our sauce. This proved to be a tough process, considering there was no one around for minutes until a supervisor looking person stepped out from the back and FINALLY grabbed one for us. There are many better BWWs around Vegas, I don't recommend this one at all.
5	Went in almost EVERY Sunday. Football, beers and fantastic wings.We love Buffalo Wild Wings no matter where we go (and trust me, I am not a franchise fan AT ALL), but this one has the great food consistency and, even better, a fantastic crew working there. We always sit at the bar, with at least 2 projection screens on EACH wall. So much to look at, and a perfect circle bar in the middle. We sit there for the comfort, easy football watching, quick drinks, and the bartenders. Sorry to the rest of them, but we always wait for BRIAN to serve us. He is quick (with the drinks/food and his wit) and very easy to talk with. He became our favorite pretty quickly. Its great when you have someone at your favorite place to grab wings that you can go to every time, and its GREAT 100% of your visits.The video poker/black jack on the counter tops are pretty great too. As long as you put in at least $10 into the machine, you get a free drink. Thank you BWW!
5	Fantastic Food and Service. their host Karissa is very friendly and Bryan has excellent personality and runs the place well. Awesome March Madness experiance for me
5	I work graveyard and this place being 24 hours is one of my top picks. Always good food, never had any issues here, and always good service at night.
2	The only reason I go here is because of Wing Tuesdays and Boneless Thursdays...and the wings are just okay.  I would suggest getting the Jammin Jalapeno and Asian Zing.  The last time my friends and I were here, our server was awful.  He was smacking his gum loudly, which is not only disgusting, but against health code.  He never refilled our waters and was no where to be found.  When we did see him, he was running around the restaurant backwards...LITERALLY BACKWARDS.  We even saw him sit down at a chair at one table to take their order.
1	First off, I do love Buffalo Wild Wings.  The original wings with buffalo seasoning are delicious! The food here was okay, my wings were broken and having shards of bone stick out of your food is not appetizing to say the least. The cheesecake bites were great!The review is mostly for the service, which was for lack of a better word TERRIBLE.  The waitress sauntered over while chewing gum, as if she was doing us a favor, and took our orders but did not write anything down.  She had to ask a few times for us to repeat it, while still getting the drink wrong.  Mind you there are only two of us, so it should not have been such a feat.  Our orders came out wrong, wrong side dish but we did not mention anything at that point as to not have to deal with it anymore. Overall, she seemed more focused on serving groups of guys seated all around then any other customer.
4	So actually we had a pretty bad experience here this time around...So why the 4 stars right?  Well me and 2 friends went here for lunch today and we waited nearly 50 minutes to get our food.  That's a crazy long time.  Turns out they had a problem with their system and because of the issues, our order probably got lost.  We assume that's what happened when the bartender serving us asked what sauces we wanted again about 30 minutes in to our wait.  Well the food was good once we got it and a manager came over and talked to us to explain the system issues.  She said she would discount the check for us.  Turns out she discounted the whole thing, so despite waiting for a long time the food and drinks ended up being free.  Can't beat free!!!  So I gave this 4 stars because I respect places that recognize when they screwed up and are willing to give us a free meal in order to maintain our business for the future.  So many places want to just shut you up and not really do much for you, but 3 guys eating meals for free because you messed up is a good example of what they should be doing to keep customers happy.  I may not come here on my 1 hour lunch break very often because of this, but I will go back again other times.
4	I give it a 4 because of the consistency  we get when we come here. We always sit at that bar and they have an awesome Happy Hour menu, appetizers for $3 and certain alcohol like Absolut vodka for $3. We get our wings naked extra crispy with sauce on the side and the wings still come out juicy and not dry at all. We stick to mango habanero which is sweet and has heat to it (a little goes a long way!) last night we tried the spicy garlic sauce which has a good combination of sweet and spicy, it almost taste like garlic aioli.
4	Small establishment for BWW. Circular bar is enormous. Good happy hour prices, food is typical BWW. Layed back spot away from the strip.
1	Horrible General Manager, horrible managers, horrible staff! Can care less about customer service. Never bring my money anywhere near this place ever again.
4	I really like the wings, specifically because of the sauce choice. My favorites are Mango Habenero (spicy), Wild (spicy) , Caribbean Jerk (medium) and Teriyaki (mild)Spicy Garlic (medium) is also pretty good. The chips with cheese and cajun seasoning is delicious. I almost always sit at the bar and the bartenders are great. Dani and Michelle are my favorites, but the guys on weekend swing and grave are always great too.
4	Nothing like a quick fix when you're having an insane wing craving, which tends to happen to me at least once a month or so, although there was a time that I will unabashedly admit that I ate at BWW's at least 4x a week.  Don't judge!Anyway, my friend and I came in here the other night around 1am with a wing-craving so strong it ached in our bellies.  The bar area was open and it wasn't super busy.  Our server was great so we got beers right away.  We ordered 18 wings and did half spicy garlic, which is the only sauce I've ever had there, and also medium.  I couldn't really tell the difference between the two sauces, to be honest.  It's true that they are not the best wings as they are quite a bit on the scrawny side, but they hit the spot all the same, as they always do.  They are also SUPER salty and it can get to be way too much, but wash it down with some beer to cancel out the high salt content and you're golden.
1	Long story short, I arrived one hour early for a get-together to set up for party of 16. After one hour of waiting, no table was given to us with lack of communication to us. We did not know that the table was already set up, and we did not know of any "rules" they had about 30 minute wait time and having half the party in order to be seated and all other things they mentioned AFTER all of the party was present. Even the manager seemed careless.I understand it's near the Strip so it's more crowded than other locations. It's still not okay to act on your own without informing the customers of your decisions.
2	Food is good (not great) but the loudest music ever. Couldn't hear the waiter. I have been to this location several times because its close to the office. Do not like the experience inside the place. I think I'm done with this location
2	Service at the Las Vegas blvd location is always horrible except for the bar area. For some apparent reason I continue coming. Great bar food! Awesome beer!
5	I cant get enough of this place!!! Love going here on a regular basis for football season.
3	After a private party at Commonwealth, my best friend and I decided to come down to BWW for some grub to soak up the alcohol.  This location is open all night and centrally located in the same parking lot as the Las Vegas Outlet center.  Definitely your standard BWW.  The front part of the restaurant is a dinning room for families.  The back part is a huge bar, decorated with lots of big screen TVs for game watching.  Along side the bar are bar top tables, which we decided to sit at.  Our server was also the bartender and pleasant to work with.   I slipped him my card at the beginning so I could pay for the meal and he caught the hint, took the card from under the table and did a great job keeping it a secret from my bestie.  For our meal, we started with the Mozzarella sticks for $6.49 and mini corn dogs for $5.79.  The mozzarella sticks crispy and perfectly breaded on the outside, and gooey mozzarella goodness on the inside.  The marinara dipping sauce made the stick taste like a good cheese pizza!  The corn dogs were literally bite sized hush puppy goodness.  The corn bread batter wasn't overpowering the dog.  There was a dipping sauce for this as well, mustard I think.  It made the corn dogs delicious!  I also decided to get the small boneless wings containing 10 boneless wings.  Parmesan Garlic was my flavor choice.  I liked the wing.  It was battered and super crunchy.  The Parmesan Garlic, on the other hand, was not as good as the actual wing.  It was too tangy and super salty.  It seemed like the wing was drenched in that sauce and very overpowering.  I was not a fan, to be honest.  Football season is coming up, so you know I'll be at BWW at least couple more times during the season.  I love the service, I love the food, maybe just a different choice of sauce upon my return.  Love the central location and that means a bright future for me and BWW!
1	last week had 3 different servers take my beer order....got beer 15 min later then never saw another server in next 45 min. complained. nothing happened and charged me for beer.  Good Management....not
1	I waited a while to leave a review about a recent experience at this establishment because I really didn't want to leave a negative review but almost two months later I am still deeply angry and hurt at our treatment . It was august 6 and it was a friends 21st birthday and he just turned 21 so a couple other friends and I decided to stop by after clubbing to get a late night snack. We were the largest table there with 8 people but It took 20 mins to get someone to ask for our drinks. It was 3 in the morning and we understand that there's probably only one server and cook. But there was only 3 other tables other than us. I don't know if it was because we were the youngest group or if it was because we were the only ones not white but it took over an hour to get our food. No one came to let us know what was going on. When we finally got our food we were already sober from the drinks from the club and the cook kept insisting that it didn't take an hour for the food to come out. The people who came after us got their food first!!! Two whole tables! We didn't want the food anymore we were so angry. By the time we walked out the sun was coming out already.  The server obviously forgot to put our orders in but admit to it! Don't tell us after that another coworker called in and try to give us 10% off our bill. The entire time we were waiting he never came by to ask us how we were doing but he was talking to people at the bar and the other tables. Just standing there. I felt discriminated. I will never set foot in a Buffalo Wild Wings again ever. It just left a bitter taste in my mouth from this atrocious experience. I have not had a restaurant completely ignore me or my friends because we weren't white. Disgusted.
3	First time at this Location. I had the lunch special with boneless wings and substituted a salad for French fries. The food was very good. No complaints there. I have to give three stars because of the service. The server asked us if we wanted to play trivia when she took the drink order. She only brought my drink which was regular instead of diet, forgot my daughters altogether and never brought the trivia devices. The food took forever to get to the table and never asked us if we needed refills on drinks. So in conclusion food was good but service was lacking. I probably will go to BWW again but not to this location
4	60 cent wing Tuesdays, closest bdubs to the strip as well as my house, and an amazing setup for watching sports
2	Hostess was unorganized and too busy cleaning tables. while 3 other employees were just talking among themselves by the podium and didn't acknowledge anybody. new customers are standing around without being greeted or listed on the waiting list. By the time we sat down and ordered our drinks. Waitress came back and said they ran out of pineapple juice at 4pm??
4	I've been here for lunch, happy hour, UFC, and late night. Wings are always delicious. Getting sauce on the side is the way I go.  That way I get to try as many different sauces as I want. Spicy garlic, mango habanero, and Asian zing are my favorites. Don't like wings? Try true burgers. Actually, don't go to bww because you suck if you don't like wings. I said it. You. You suck all you non wing loving people out there!! BWW is good. When they do all you can eat wings, game over man!! Game over!! Love love love it!!
4	We stopped by for a quick lunch, and the boneless Asian Zing were the best !
2	Service sucked and I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and it was all lettuce just HORRIBLE!!!
1	The food came really late and when it finally arrived it was cold. Terrible customer service.
4	I usually go here for lunch. Great service. Love the hostes Claudia! :) Great place.
2	We went for a snack during my brother's bachelor party.  Derrick, the server was a real friendly guy.  The food was as expected.However, in going over all of our finances for the weekend (we're splitting them as a group), I came across my BWW receipt and charge at the bank.  This may be an honest mistake, but my writing was definitely clear on the receipt: they charged me an extra dollar more than I wrote in for.  An extra dollar for me, especially when splitting amongst the group? That's not a big deal...curious however if this is a common thing and they're Office Spacing it $1 at a time.
5	always a good time here.and it can bring back the memory i had in ohio...and happy hour is def an A+.....3 dollar for any domestic draft and 3 dollars for quite a few selections on the appetizers,also wings are 50 cents each...hell ya
5	Good wings and nice service
1	Server was josh sat in the lounge area.. waited at least 50 min for our food a table sitting in front of us that came in after us.ate paid and left before our food was out... had to ask for refills service sucked the cook in the back that brought out food gave us more attention then our own service... sad
4	After quick review... I noticed a woman on the floor making sure everything was in order with Staff. The music began to squelch, while handling something with an employee that was obviously personal and nicely pulled to the side to handle this woman later identified as maggie Ibarra went and fixed the situation. Soon returning I had caught the name on the badge that appeared above General Manager. I was wowed no GM I know is this involved. She must've noticed I read the name tag so she asked if everything was well. I couldn't help to tell her I was involved in the Customer Service Side of the industry and I was impressed. She sat and listened and elaborated on how  the importance of a good running team is essential to great service. The ingredients of the food has been proven, but the on going management of unique individuals is the key to functionality and true comfort! Not enough do people comment on how management motivates the team. I do! Kudos Miss. Ibarra your efforts are obvious through my scope. Quick service, food, and staff friendly!
2	I've been here many times before and this had to be the worst experience ever...It was Christmas Day and Bdubs happened to be the only place we could find open. We were about to be seated in 10 mins for a party of 7 which wasn't bad considering they were pretty busy.At the time only 4 out of 7 ppl from our party had arrived so we decided to go ahead and place our orders.This is when it began going down hill...It took them 45 minutes to bring out wings for the 4 of us, during the entire time we never saw our server.What bothered me the most was the fact that when our wings did came out they were pretty dry and they didn't even bring us the right or enough condiments. My cousin and I asked for blue cheese and all we got were 3 ranches for the 4 of us.Luckily as our wings were delivered our server came back and we were able to place the order for the remaining 3 people in our party, which thankfully were delivered in 15mins with no problem at all.Overall, I've been to this specific location many times before and they're always pretty good about their wings and pretty timely too. However, they did not deliver at all today especially on Christmas Day... which really disappointed.To put into perspective how long we waited... we arrived during the 1st half of the Lakers Game and finally got our check during the end of the 4th quarter...
4	Good service. Good wings. Their tap water was disgusting but didn't make or break my experience...
2	SUNDAY AFTERNOON BARTENDERS ARE SOME OF THE WORST IN LAS VEGAS!!!!!!! This used to be my go-to hangout...but I will never go back!!!! :( Last Sunday I went in during the first quarter of the Bears game. I sat at the bar and it took nearly 15 minutes for a bartender to acknowledge me, even tho they were only about 1/2 full. I am a pretty big gamer, and needed my players card. Ten minutes after the girl bartender (never got either of the bartenders names, they barely acknowledged me let alone introduce themselves,) took my ID I asked what the hold up was, she told me she could not find my card and had to print a new one. This is now 25 minutes into sitting here, nothing in front of me and not gaming either. I finally got my card and started to play. Guy bartender brought me the bottle of water I asked him for and took my order. It was the end of the halftime, beginning of THIRD quarter before I got my food. By now I had gambled quite a bit, I had the empty bottle of water on the ledge and no one replaced it. I had to flag down a bartender to get another. When I was done, I went to front and asked for a manager. When AGM came up I explained how ignored I had been. She never even asked for my name, and didn't seem to care that I had lost a great deal of money (which was not her problem, but a gamer should be treated with the utmost respect) and had terrible service. She gave me the GM's card and walked away. I called the next day and left a message with whomever answered phone. I never got a call back.  I will never go back, and at one point in the last year or two, I was one of this establishments biggest gamers and better customers. *shakes my head in disgust.*
1	If I could put no stars I would. When my husband and I first arrived they took at least 10 minutes just to see how many was in our party. Mind you, we were the first ones in line. They finally sat us down at a grouped table where we had to sit with other strangers. A birthday party on one side of us and little kids on the other.Our waitress was wonderful, very kind, took our orders promptly. Everything with her was fabulous. Kudos to you. Now when we got our order I was EXTREMELY infuriated. The busser who brought our food out had her hands close to our food as she set it on the table, and this was the kicker. She accidentally dipped her finger in our ranch, pretended she didn't do it as she wiped her finger on her serving tray and put it down on the table. She then looked up and went to walk away. I kindly asked for a new ranch and she gave me a nasty face and said "sure." We waited another 10 minutes for a new ranch. She didn't ask if we needed anything. She just dropped it and went on her way. Our waitress came by a few more times asked if we needed anything. Gave us our check and we went on our way.All I have to say is unless you want ranch with a side of finger (and I'm not talking chicken fingers people) DO NOT GO HERE.
1	Worst BWW I've ever been to.  Our waitress had a bad attitude and kept forgetting things on top of being snippy and rude.  She got our order wrong and then when the right order didn't come out after a long period of time, she blamed the manager.  The food was good but the service was terrible.
5	How can you go wrong with BWW!! Great place to catch a game and maybe a few brews. Lemmon pepper, spicy garlic, and hot are the trio of flavors from a variety of flavors they offer!! With all the screens set up around the room there's no game you can miss!!
1	First time here at Bdubs, thought it would be pleasant but turned out to be the opposite. The seat are that they placed us was too crowded for a party of 4 while the party of 2 got placed in a more opened area. The server kept trying to rush our order and looked confused each time he came around our table. We got the sampler appetizer, which was pretty decent but we didn't receive any silver ware or plate, so we only had napkins and the table got really messy. My friend and I decided to get the same thing, the Honey Buffalo Chicken Ranch Salad. We were super excited for it. When it came out and we started eating it, the chicken was ice cold! Kind of like when you take a few frozen veg, stick it in the microwave for like 1 minute and it's still icy. Yeah, I know it's a salad but this was the first time I have ever had a chicken salad at a restaurant with icy cold chicken, besides getting a chicken salad (with mayo) on bread. I was looking forward to some hot honey BBQ chicken on a bed of lettuce with cheese and tomatoes...I asked the server if this was how the chicken was supposed to be and  why (basically stating my displeasure). He told me that they cook the chicken fresh and chill it down every morning  and that most people complain having a hot fresh grill chicken on their salad. I don't know about you Mr. but the chicken looked like that resealable Tyson grilled chicken cubed and tasted like it was stuck behind the pantry freezer. Totally wouldn't come back here for a long time.Sincerely,Cintya P.
4	This location is usually always busy. Service depends on your waiter. I've had really good and semi good service never awful tho.
2	Called and said haply hour ends at 7 PM so at 6:50 we try to get a 2nd order in and server says no happy hour is over because there clock is fast, total BS,  went to manager and same story even though I showed phone then she says all carriers are different, not so, we had att, Verizon and sprint and guess what all exact same time. No silverware had to ask 4 times.
2	This was my first experience at Buffalo Wild Wings and the nicest thing I can say is they have great commercials.  I won't give it a 1 because their onion rings were good and one of the wing choices I made was good. Bottom line, if you're in the mood for wings I suggest going to Wings and Things.
5	50 TV's good food and a fun staff. I found this place by mistake and after a weekend of football I'm sold.
2	Longgggg time to get the drinks, longgggg time to get the food, untrained personnel,  dry food, poor quality ingredients,  huh....I give it 2 stars for their sauces...but would not recommend!
4	I feel a bit odd reviewing a Buffalo Wild Wings, but my foreign friends always want to go when we are in Vegas and we always go to this location.  If you've been to Bdubs before it's pretty standard fair, lots of tvs and wings and other fried foods.  The only real difference is this one is open 24 hours, which is nice.  Not surprisingly if you are going here for a big sporting event it will be very busy, especially if it is a UFC fight.  You will probably have to get there an hour or more early and/or tip someone heavily to get a seat.Best things are the mini corn dogs and wings.  If you order just those you will have a very pleasant meal.  Sauces depend on your taste and spice tolerance but I normally go with Spicy Garlic and Asian Zing.My two British friends routinely spend 100 dollars between them, so I'm pretty sure if anyone ever decided to open one of these in London it would be like printing money.
2	Not impressed with this location.  We waited a while for our order and my boneless wings had obviously sat under a heat lamp for a while.  My Long Island Iced Tea tasted like a virgin iced tea.  The service was a bit slow too.
3	Came here for happy hour tonight and it just so happens it was .60 cent boneless wings on Thursdays. Happy hour is from 2-7pm I believe. Love the hours, but not the best as far as meals/drinks go.They've got $3.00 appetizers (only on certain ones - mozzarella sticks, mini corn dogs, onion rings, chips and queso) but not on wings :( and $3.00 on certain beer and alcohol.. Again, not on what I ordered (I like my crown and 7)Happy hour is only in the bar area. It was pretty crowded tonight but luckily we found a table. Overall not a bad place if you're into sports and don't mind being in a loud restaurant.
3	Food here is good we tried the boneless wings it was good to bad they charge for the ranch dressing other wise I would  give place 5 stars
5	Came here last night with my girlfriend the food was really good and our server was really nice he was really cool and laid back and made us feel at ease overall I would rate my experience 5 stars based on the excellent service we got and how awesome our server was.
1	Horrible in every way. Not only will I never come to this location, but it was so bad I will never go to any of their locations.
2	Buffalo Wild Wings always always always has great food no matter how busy or what time. The only problem I have with this location is that the servers are always rude and some of the management isn't so nice either. Last time my boyfriend & I went in  the waitress didn't even pay attention to us and barely took care of us. Then after a manager came up to us she was rude, annoying and was speaking to me like I was stupid. Once again I love the food but I'm over their stupid customer service.
1	Horrible and very slow service and they messed up my order. They were not crowed either. Ordered a Cobb Salad and server brought me the wrong salad then tried to ask like it was right- left off bacon, cranberries, and walnuts. Had shredded cheese on it which it doesn't come with. Wrong dressing on the side! Server wanted to bring me bacon, walnuts, and cranberries to add to my own salad. Why not bring me the lettuce too. Why not have me go in the kitchen and make my own! Will not be back to this one again!
1	It is so loud I can't hear my family that is talking at my table. I like music.... But when you can't have conversation at dinner it's too loud!
4	Food is good, service is good. Had an issue with them skipping all our songs on touchtunes, but they fixed it.
3	Buffalo Wild Wings is not somewhere I usually choose to go.... I ended up there today by default- my coworker's choice! I ordered the boneless wing lunch combo, the wings were average, but my fries were cold! Our service was decent.Overall- an ok experience.
3	Wings were just what the Doctor ordered. We ordered honey BBQ and buffalo, along with an order of carrots and celery. Try the mini corn dogs yum! Server was polite however drinks and check took quite a long time to receive and I go to B dubs all around the country and this location is far darker then all others, felt a little creepy. Ifyou into that, this is your place, just not for me.
1	Took a long time to get our drinks..manager did not accommodate our request o. Our game..  And the pace not packed.  And when she did..  She put it on a small TV..  Too dark and just didn't get a good vibe of place.  Failed to live up to hype that TV promotes.
1	Had the worst experience of my life at this location. Showed up and got "in line" to watch a UFC event @ 3:30. We were told people in line will start being let in at 4:30. As the time approached 5:00 there were at least 50 people in line and no one going in.  Several people kept going in to ask when we would be going in, and each one got a different answer. The event started @ 5:00 and at 5:15 many of us were still outside and very irritated. There were a few people who got tired of the wait and left. One person went in just before 5:30 to get an update and witnessed the Manager giving a "pep talk" which was more like a chewing out of employees. The mgr did in no way seem to be professional and seemed to not care that there was line of people outside all waiting to see an event that had already started. When people finally started going in at approximately 5:30 the Mgr at one point stopped and said "in the last 10 minutes I have let in approximately 25 people, we have to stop or we're going to kill our kitchen" She at no point explained to the people waiting what the hold up was, or even apologize for the delay. The food was ok, nothing to brag about. The chips & salsa were bland, definitely wouldn't order that again. We were seated at a corner table, and as the building became full and obviously no one else could fit, they let all the remaining people stand in the lobby. From our view a few of the standing people were blocking views of the tv's.  We even at some point asked them to move over so we could see, and after multiple requests we had to call our server to help us with this. Bottom line of this was they were more concerned with serving those standing people beverages then the customers sitting at tables. One of the worst showings of customer service and me and the group I was with will never go there again.
1	Terrible service.  After we received our food, our waiter never came back to the table.  We had to ask another waiter to get us our bill.  No drink refills, no "how is your food", nothing.  Never coming here again.
3	Tuesday Happy Hour menu is my favorite and the wings are only 60cents. Only bad things is sitting at the bar area and the staff is all around the place so service isn't the best.
1	I think it's pointless to review a Buffalo Wild Wings, I think most people that are going to go here aren't 'foodies'. This place was horrible, I will never go back. The service was slow and they got most of our order wrong. The wings were okay nothing fabulous. I got the chips and salsa as a side...they were Tostitos and jar salsa, same with the ranch. Also the coleslaw was bland and really tasted like a head of cabbage cut up. Really...it's not hard to make salsa and fresh chips and coleslaw. If I wanted store bought items I would have eaten at home. You're a restaurant and you serve crap food. You're also located in middle of restaurant haven, why would I ever go back? I wouldn't! Oh and tend to your bathrooms, 3 towel dispensers and all empty. Also the atmosphere sucked. I felt like I was in a school cafeteria with tvs.
2	Eh, this place was eh ok.  This place was packed on a Saturday night. We waited about 15 min to be seated.  We got onion rings, boneless teriyaki wings and the honey BBQ. After awhile all the sauce tasted too tangy. We couldn't even finish. I had an email coupon for a free snack size. The waitress forgot to put that on the ticket. We had to wait a really long time for the waitress to find her manager to add the coupon to the bill. Needless to say we were still hungry later.... Definitely should have gone somewhere else....
1	Horrible service from start to finish. The waitress was rude taking our order. Not friendly or welcoming at all.
3	Wings are good. Best to go on a Tuesday or Thursday for the specials, otherwise is a little pricy for what you get. The service can be hit or miss. But I find if you are pleasant and chat them up a bit it helps with the service.
5	Happy hour after midnight and a good combo on tuesdays for 50 cent wingslove that this location is 24hrs
5	BWW is definitely my go-to spot to go have a beer and watch the game especially now that NFL FOOTBALL has finally started!!! This place is great for big groups, usually always loud environment, so you can have a good time with friends or family and not worry about being too obnoxious if your group gets too loud. They have your typical "wing place" menu, but I definitely enjoy their wing options here over any other big name wing places out west (WING HOUSE is my other FAV but it's only located east and down south). Their wings have great flavored options that are super tasty and the meat on the wings aren't skimpy, always full meat wings. Place is clean and spacious, and service has always been good. Besides the wings, they also have really good appetizers and I've had their burgers more than once, and the Black and Bleu burger is really good if you're a bleu cheese fan. Fav hot flavor is def the Mango Habenero, some people say it's too hot but I say if you like "asian style spicy" go for it!! I'm never disappointed when eating here. I like how they have lots of wet napkins at the table already so you never have to ask the server for it. Like I said, this is my go to place especially with FOOTBALL season and the super big screens just making watching more fun cheering for your teams with friends and family!
4	Great happy hour in the bar! $3 beers and select mix drinks. Wings are soooo good! Chili con queso with chips is BOMB! The servers are super nice too!4/5 stars because we had to wait a while before our server brought us menus and the place is a bit small.. Smallest bww I have ever been too. But I will definitely be back! :)
4	I was pleased with my service and food.  I visited on a Monday night during Monday night football.  Even though the location was packed and busy, the service was top notch.  The chicken wings were excellent and like I would expect.
5	How dare people give this place three stars. Great wings, beer and sports all day everyday. Sometimes the workers can be slow and have their off days but who cares. Just get me my wings and put the game on. Recommend asian zing, garlic Parmesan, and lemon pepper. I always order a large chili cheese fries to go with my wings. Go Texans.
1	They get the order right but they don't seem to understand that a sauce is meant to be on the wings.  The spot on North Durango is excellent,  but this one is terrible,  the food has no sauce or flavor.
5	Wing Tuesdays! Wing Tuesdays are 50 cent/wing on Tuesdays.. You can get 6 for $3.00 (6 is the min order). My husband always orders the Honey BBQ and I order the Mild sauce. The special does not include drinks or fries so you have to order that separately. I highly encourage the potato wedges with cheese, then dip them into mild sauce and ranch. The prices on any other day are about average with the rest of the market. Plan on spending at least $15 per person incl taxes and tip. All their food is great. Sit at the bar if you want fast service. They take approx 15 mins to bring your food which gives you time to check email return phone calls and catch up on your Hollywood gossip as you wait.
1	This was the worst service ever. Food. (Hamburger ) tasted like meat it was left outside.  Now I know why I don't go to BWW anywhere food and service sucks I would never recommend BWW to anyone
3	About what you expect from a trendy chain: average food, average service average beer selection, average prices. Meh.
5	You want a wide array of wing sauces? You got it! You want great happy hour specials? You got! You want a friendly and attentive staff? Forget it! Just kidding the staff here is incredible, friendly and helpful! This is one of the best BWW I have been to.I recommend. If someone docent stop me, next time I am doing the atomic wing challenge! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Worst buffalo ever. The manager is a complete dick. On a college football Saturday in the middle of important games he turned all the tvs to a UFC fight and told us that it didn't matter what we were there to see that is what was going to be on. How can you run a restaurant with absolutely no customer service? we all walked out without paying, and I will never go back here or to any other Buffalo Wild Wings for that matter.
1	Worst customer service ever!!! The hostess was more then rude & spoke to us like we were stupid & the manager was clueless
2	The only time I have ever been to this BWW is to order To Go, until now. Sadly I wish it stayed that way. I have always love the To Go service, but sadly (as I live and breathe) I am sitting at this bar still unattended.My boyfriend and I got out of a concert and wanted wings. BWW was closer to us at this location than our home and since starvation was creeping upon us we chose this location. Horrible choice. I guess we are sitting in the middle of a shift change because we have been here more than 20 minutes and only have beers. It's obvious we want and need food.LOCALS BEWARE: This BWW is also consistently extremely crowded due to the close proximity to the south of The Strip timeshare properties and hotels. My wings finally came! Did I order these plain?!?!?! Where is my sauce?!?! OVER IT! Never again!!!
1	In a word, this place sucks. I usually stick to WingStop just because it's familiar territory, but decided to venture outside of my comfort zone. Trust me people, change is not good because B.Dubbs was a huge letdown. We walk in and are waiting for about ten minutes before a host says, "Oh, are you dining in?" There was no one ahead of us and the restaurant was not busy, how did she not see us? We get seated and take a look at the menu. Another ten minutes pass before we see a server. She was really sweet but seemed new. She asks me if I want a dry rub on my wings. She explained it as they put dry rub on them before putting sauce on so I said sure. They came out with dry rub on them and nothing else, no sauce. Just covered in seasoning and fried, then covered with more seasoning. Pretty gross and unappetizing. We don't see her for quite a while. Our glasses are empty, one of my friends needs ranch, and our server is nowhere to be found. My boyfriend flags someone down, who ignores us. He gets our waiter who brings refills and ranch. She brought me the wrong drink, a Dr. Pepper instead of root beer. All in all, this place was pretty bad for a wing place. The service sucks, the wings are gross, the staff looks like they want to shoot themselves, it was not a fun dinner. Also, the music is way too loud! We were practically yelling at each other the whole night. WingStop is definitely not something to brag about, but I'd rather go there than this place.
1	I would not recommend this "Bdubz". Took us 10 mins to even get asked if we would like a drink. Then we get moved to 3 different tables and were highly disrespected. Ordered food and it was thrown on the table and they walked away.  This is a place that I would expect to have avg customer service. There lucky I even paid the bill.
1	Consistently the worst buffalo wild wings in town. No one answered the phone i come in and no one is even at the take out window. They always have bad service here. Go to durango and warm springs. Dont waste your time
4	I normally don't like hot wings...so why go here huh??  ya, it was a crowd decision, but I enjoyed.  We were able to watch the new champion crowned for the females 115 lbs UFC...which was great.The bartenders was a huge guy, but very friendly...all good there.  The food was a little late as others ordered behind us and received there food.  But the bartender took care of us...all good.  Mild wings for me...cool.I will be back.
1	Family and I went out for something we thought would be a meal we cant make at home but were we wrong. Chicken tenders were COLD! Waitress took them back to the kitchen for maybe 3 minutes and they were unevenly warm and i assume because all that they did was put them in a microwave. Sauce was slathered unevenly and everything else on the table has gotten cold by this point. Refills are hard to come by but the worst disappointment was the food that should represent BWW. Frozen, out of my own fridge would at least be cooked to health code regulations and i wouldn't at least have to worry about that. Will not return!
2	We are BWW regulars (the one at the Galleria Mall) and love that place. Tried this once before and wasn't impressed- this visit is the same. Got drinks and appetizers quickly but our food order took awhile. Place wasn't crowded so not sure what took so long. Sorry we cheated on our regular BWW's
3	I would first like to say I love buffalo wild wings go to them all the time . One of the reasons I love BWW is they show the UFC fights . So I attend for the events . Recently they have decided not to show them ,  but instead of a warning or sign or some kind of acknowledgement that they are no longer showing them they wait for you to order and drink then they finally inform you they no longer . On top of that some of the staff us rude . I understand your busy but as a paying customer I expect better service . I can't say thats is for all the staff cause some are great . Really disappointed in this turn of events .
