2	I think not.... I went a few weeks ago, ordered a hot chocolate..they brought the order about 15 minutes later, and it was warm, almost cold...I ask the waitress to replace it since I had ordered HOT chocolate and she took it back, stuck it in the microwave...and voila..."hot" chocolate...never, ever again....
4	So delicious! I had the galettes brettones with goat cheese, pears and honey! So good. It was truly one of the best meals I've had in Montreal. I also enjoyed a nutella hot chocolate that was just so chocolatey and decadent: topped with whipped cream and hazelnuts. I will definitely be back here the next time I am in Montreal. Love this place! The atmosphere is also very bright and sunny with lots of white furniture and fixtures and large windows overlooking St. Laurent and Prince Arthur.
5	Very nice decor, and really great concept. I always used to see small line-ups in front of this place and the St-Denis location. I finally decided to go and take a look at the menu. I only tried two of their specialized hot chocolates, and they were bot extremely good.This is a great place to hand out.
4	We'd walked past a few times drunk, it looked awesome but rather expensive.  After a long talk we decided before we left we had to try a few things or else our Montreal trip wouldn't be complete:  Poutine. Schwartz. Crepes.  Old Port.   After a disappointing plate of poutine at la belle province  (tip:  you must be SHIT FACED to enjoy that slop)  we decided to rebound with some chocolate.    the glossy, chic over priced look and sound of Juliette Et Chocolate fit the bill for the crepes.  and it was also next door.   We had grannies peanut butter hot chocolate.  and after asking our waitress (condescending bitch btw!) what she recommended, sided with the crepe with fruit with ice cream and chocolate.  it was like 11 bucks.   the hot chocolate was more soup/spoon worthy.  A bit too peanuty and lack luster for me and the whipped cream was just from an areosol can (whipping it your self is not that hard guys... was really disappointed.  its like a pepper shaker at a fine dining restaurant.  tacky)  Buuuuut:   the over priced crepe was delicious and really surprised us.  It was enough for the two of us no doubt.  After taxes our buttholes definitely ached something fierce, but hey, at least its a town full of attractive french people fucking you.
4	First place I wandered into in Montreal looking for a late dinner; the savory crepes are definitely not the stars of the menu- the milkshakes and sundaes looked the best!
4	If you're looking for crepes, cross the street and head over to Cafeteria. But if you're searching for chocolate heaven, you've found it.On our weekend get-away to Montreal, we stumbled upon some of the best brownies we've ever had. Juliette et Chocolat is pure, unadulterated decadence. A favorite was the Chocolate-Caramel with extra caramel sauce for dipping or simply pour it over and yum! The brownies were so good we went back for extras to take back on our drive home. Full disclosure: Only 2 of 3 made it back home; the third didn't survive the drive back. So good!
4	We really enjoyed Juliette et Chocolat.  While it is not obvious when you read the name, this restaurant also has fantastic main course options.  I thoroughly enjoyed my ham, egg, cheese, and spinach crepe.  I also don't think anyone can beat the brownies!
5	As someone who is coming from out of town and with only a passable French, this place was absolutely accommodating , friendly and stylish. Located in an excellent spot for people-watching (inside or outside seating), just a coffee or hot chocolate stop is worht the visit.  But you would be insane NOT to try one of the chocolate (from white to dark) or desert crepes. You really can't lose here. 1 recommendation; split each crepe between 2 people.
3	My first two experiences here have warranted a 5-star review, but my last visit brought down my rating to a 3.The good:The food is really good; I love chocolate and this is the perfect place for dessert or a date. Everything I've had here has been really delicious and they have cool combinations.The bad:The service is unbelievably slow, and they are understaffed when it comes to busy nights. The St Laurent location is REALLY loud and even more understaffed than the one on St Denis. But the real disappointment was coming here after dinner and hoping for a drink (most are above $9 and made of rich chocolate with a bit of alcohol). We were told (after waiting 20minutes for our waitress and taking all of that time to decide) that their liquor license only allowed alcohol to be served if the person that was ordering it got a "meal" - salad, sandwich, or crepe. I'm sorry - it is 11pm on a Friday and we're coming for dessert - why would I want to order a $10 chocolate and Bailey's with a SALAD? We were very disappointed that this rule was not mentioned anywhere on the menu or on signs and that we had never had a problem with this before during our previous visits. We were told only upon ordering by our (rude) waitress and had to pick something else on the spot.Basically, if you have this type of liquor license (which is ludicrous for this type of place) then notify your customers or else they will leave feeling sour, which no one should do after having dessert!
3	I came here on the suggestion of a friend.  Clean, bright, lots of servers, chocolate heaven!  My friend and I didn't get great service either.  They forgot her order!  I don't like if you want to sit at a table you have to have wait service.  I'd rather order my drink, pay at the cash and than sit down.It was the most expensive hot chocolate I have ever purchased $6.37.  Was it good?  Yes.  Would I have known any better if it was a different kind of chocolate?  Probably not.  But anyways, it was a good experience.
3	this is what i had expected and was actually forewarned-- expensive andtoo expensive, but delicious nonetheless. coming from nyc and chicago, i know what lure chocolate has for any establishment that does it well.  you get flavorful and yes, i will use the word "rich" once more with everyone else who already reviewed. hot chocolate---the taste and the texture are specifically complex, delicious, and of quality. if your pocket can stretch the way mine cannot so much of the time, it's good to try at least once. do not count on stellar service as in my case(s) it was spotty and inattentive.
3	After some walking around, we stopped by for some drinks and munchies.The restaurant is big and clean; the service was good. We were seated at a table by the window on St. Laurent so we got to people watch.They serve everything chocolate - hot chocolates, alcoholic drinks, desserts, crepes & ice cream. There were 3 of us and we each wanted to order a drink and split 2 crepes. But we were told that you have to order a crepe with each alcoholic drink. I don't believe the same rule applies to non-alcoholic chocolate drinks. So we ended up splitting 2 drinks and 2 crepes amongst the 3 of us.The choco-mojito and Irish chocolate drinks were good. The choco-mojito was kinda thick though. The Irish chocolate is chocolate milk with whiskey (served warm).Their crepes are made from buckwheat; they were thin and light. We ordered a turkey pesto crepe which was delicious. We also ordered a dark chocolate/banana/strawberry crepe. They were out of strawberry so they substituted blackberries instead. The dark chocolate was really good, not too sweet. As others noted, this place is on the pricier side. Most drinks (even non-alcoholic) are above $6 dollars. You also cannot buy a drink at the counter and sit down, you must get waiter service.
5	Super variety of chocolate but watch out for long-waiting times. It's best to avoid the rush hour if you're in a big group. Great crepes, humongous ice cream portions and has a delicious raspberry 'n dark chocolate dessert. A must-go place while in Montreal!!!
3	Chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate. Especially when served in a high ball snifter makes one want to indulge even more. Excellent chocolate selection and crepes, but what turned me off was the poor service. I really don't like to wait 30 minutes after I've finished to pay my bill.
3	The service was great maybe a little too much chocolat for me but it wouldn't be a place where i'd go back
3	Every female friend I have who has been to Montreal recommended this chocolate joint to me.  Upon arriving I didn't realize it had multiple locations, but the one on Rue Saint Laurent had a great patio and spacious seating inside.  I had a grandma's style cup of fair trade semi-sweet hot chocolate.  It was frothy, just acidic enough, and I enjoyed sipping it leisurely as though it were a lovely port or postprandial cordial.Still, the ambience, while nice, felt chain-like and I empathized with the waitstaff for having to wear red chef's hats.  I remain loyal to Burdicks in Cambridge, but am glad we stopped at Juliette et Chocolate to experience it once.
4	I lived a few month in Montreal 2 years ago and i discovered this place... One thing, if you love crepes and chocolate... YOU HAVE TO GO !!! I could eat 2 or 3 of these things, they are so good. It's not cheap but definitely worth it ! Still have the business card in my wallet just in case  ;)
5	Honestly? Only 4 out of 5? This has to be the best place for desert in town. Yes I agree there is a wait many times but who cares? They have great service and their deserts are phenomenal. I can't get enough of their intense brownie, really only true chocolate fans can handle it.
5	Agree with the reviews. I am in love with the place! My friend recommended me to this place and just looking at it from the outside it gave a sense of a great quaint ambiance. Their variations of chocolate were huge. We tried the Fleur de Sel Brownie since my friend recommended it. It's basically a chunky warm chocolatey packed brownie with a salted caramel drizzled over it. It sounds overbearingly sweet right? fortunately the salted caramel was slightly salty to the point that it made the combination amazing.We also tried the fruit salad crepe which tasted devine as well. There were large amounts of fresh food and paired perfectly with drizzled white chocolate over the warm crepe. The white chocolate raspberry cheesecake was unique too. The pie crust had a distinct taste with a slight hint of salt which really pulled the cake together. Also tried the dark hot chocolate with nutella and a dark hot chocolate with vanilla ice cream. These would have been SUPER amazing on their own. But in my opinion, with our desserts it was too much chocolate overall.  Get these on their own. It's best to order regular milk with all the deserts so it can somewhat clean the palate from all the sugar but at the same time compliment the chocolate super well.
5	Sweet god, I had an amazing dessert here. The chocolate cake with a molten centre, covered in salted caramel with vanilla cream in a bowl on the side.The service was lovely.I am glad I do not live anywhere near this place, I would weigh 500 pounds.
2	I ordered a hot chocolate with a scoop of ice cream, but rather than getting a hot chocolate, I got a cold chocolate. Yes, the ice cream would have cooled it down, but the hot chocolate should still be hot! It's like the hot chocolate was just sitting around before they added the ice cream and served it. The chocolate flavour was also not very good. Tasted like cheap chocolate. Skip this place.
4	The service isn't always stellar, but this is the only place I've ever been to where I can't find a single thing on the menu I wouldn't like. I'm not saying that I've worked my way through it, because that would be a little absurd, but that I usually sit down and look at a menu and find at least a couple of things where I think "Did a drunk person come up with this combination?". Not so at Juliette et Chocolat. Oh, and everything I've tried at this place has been delicious. So... I'm looking forward to trying other stuff.
4	Chocolate chocolate everywhere; fondu, mounds, drinks, cakes, with ice cream, brownies ...... We didn't have any.  What we did have were buckwheat crepes which were great. There are maybe a dozen varieties, mine was with chicken, spinach and goat cheeze. Totally enjoyable and unique. It's not a "stuff yourself" meal but well worth going for.
5	LOVE IT!! I've read the reviews regarding the poor service, but I've been lucky and have yet to encounter bad service at this place or the other locations. If you're a chocolate fiend, then this is your spot. It's a beautiful place, with a minimalist type decor and it's very clean. I go here for the "grandma style" thick, milk, hot chocolate: it's to die for!!! I've had the dark chocolate drinks as well, to which you can add spices, or fruits flavors, and the same applies: to die for!! There are lots of yummy things on the menu....such as the chocolate cake with a molten center covered in salty caramel with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side...have I said I love this place yet? Yes, it's the chocolate bomb! Their succulent products can be purchased so you can take the chocolate decadence home with you! A definite do!
4	Great coffees and chocolate. The staff is really nice but unfortunately they are not enough to take care of rush hours. I feel bad for them because when you go there and it is less busy they take good care of their customers.
5	Creative, great quality, good service. Check it out!
4	Probably one of the best desserts place I have visited in my life!This restaurant looked so inviting from the outside - with its homely Christmas decorations and warm lighting ... perfect reprieve from the cold winter weather!Friend ordered (and I tried): Chocolate Profiterole - they were WOW - the puffs had chunks of hard dark chocolate amidst premiere quality vanilla ice-cream. A dense layer of thick hot chocolate coated all three profiteroles. 4 stars for the profiteroles.I ordered: The Medley which comprised an extreme brownie, vanilla ice-cream and a small flask of Grandma's Chocolate. This Medley was so melodious that I had the primitive urge to skip around the restaurant after savouring my first bite. Mind-blowing delicious. 4.5 stars for The Medley.4 stars for its cozy ambience!
3	While I can say that the chocolate ice cream was damn near close to the best ever and the chocolate and pecan mouse will knock your socks off...the service lacked so terribly that I can't help but give 3 stars. If you would have thrown it to the ground and passed a plastic fork...we would have still eaten it and cried in endless joy but that's not the point. It COULD have been a wonderful experience, one of the best but you screwed me Juliette. Get your chocolate coma staff a shot of espresso and a tad bit of direction and you'd have yourself a true gem.
5	My sister lives in Montreal and insisted that when I visited, we dine at Juliette & Chocolat. Immediately, the space is quite lovely. With brick walls, nice lighting, and some touches of white embellishments on the high ceilings, the atmosphere was very pleasing. Not to mention the display cases of assorted chocolates! Now those were enticing...We began with a shared decadent, chocolate-based beverage with an alcoholic touch of creme de menthe, served chilled in a martini glass with a dollop of peppermint-laced whipped cream. Following this delightful bevvy, we decided on sharing a crepe avec poivre, fromage de chevre, et de miel with a side of mixed greens. Once it arrived, in a very timely manner, we consumed what lay on the plate. The crepe was served at the perfect temperature for the fromage de chevre to be all melty, allowing us to spread the cheese around the crepe. Mmmm, yum! After that, we decided to try another crepe which we were also first interested in, with balsamic reduction, fromage de chevre, and roasted tomatoes. This second crepe was gone as quickly as the first! Delectable indeed.What a fantastic (first) experience at this gem of a chocolate restaurant! Definitely returning before my departure from Montreal, perhaps when we have more of a chocolate craving for a dessert dish!
4	Amazing! Only reason it is not 5 stars is that it is kind of pricey for dessert, though the quality of the dessert makes the price not a bad deal. The sundae is decadent!
3	Yum, yum, yum, yum yum!!!!  This place came extremely well recommended.  While I love chocolate it isn't quite worth the hype.... but still DELICIOUS.My boyfriend and I went on the coldest day on record,,, something like -17 F.  We had to stop in to a bunch of hokey stores all the way down in order to keep from freezing to death.  Once we finally made it, it was warm and inviting.We each had hot chocolate - great, but almost too thick to drink.  We then split a dark chocolate fondue... fruits were ripe and sweet.  Chocolate was thick and dark.
3	It's been a while since I was here, but everyone raves about this place!I only had the Hot Chocolate, but it was more of a semi-liquid chocolate concoction.  You have to stir it to keep it from solidifying!  The flavor was very unique and it was delicious.  The chocolate fondue left a lot to be desired though...
3	More of a 3.5. An endless menu of delicious chocolate-related confections of relatively good quality. A little on the pricey side though.
5	I LOVE this place. It's so cute, kind of like a Serendipity. One of the best coffees I've ever had. I brought back the hot chocolate in a jar to give to my friends as gifts. They all loved it. I wish there were a place like this in Miami!
4	Ohhhh Juliette et Chocolat! What's not to love about your chocolately goodness? If you're in town you simply MUST make a stop at this Montreal institution. This particular location is nice because its so much bigger than the others throughout the city. Its really spacious with lots of tables and the line-up goes faster than others! I remember, a few years ago now, this place used to be a supper club-nightclub type place and the transformation is crazy! You now feel like you're in a quaint little bakery shop! The service is always pretty good, if non-descript. Nothing to write home about but never awful either. The real attraction is the FOOD though, my gawwd its good. I always order the Chocolat fondant or Caramel fondant--like a lava-cake with delicious filling ooozzing out with the best vanilla ice cream you've ever tasted served on the side. You might get it and think 'gee, that's pretty small,' but looks are deceiving. I'm always full after eating it--its rich but delicious! You can't go wrong either with any of the brownies. The 'fleur de sel' is particularly good (it is Quebec after all!) and pair it with a scoop of ice cream and you've got the perfect treat! If you go, you simply must have a hot chocolate. The hot chocolate is not the powered crap you buy from a grocery store--or even a coffee shop, these days--but rather legitimate chocolate melted down and mixed with hot milk. They also offer some savoury crepes and while I've personally never ordered one everyone who has tells me they're also very good. If you don't have a lot of time--but want to experience the Juliette experience--they offer all of their brownies to go and you can simply order with the hostess at the stand with the till/cash register. Go! You won't regret it!
5	The only drawback to having found this lovely chocolate shop is that it's so darn expensive. I barely managed to pay for my vinaigrette brownie without wincing but damn that brownie was good. I think I ate it a week after buying it and it was still perfectly moist and fudgey.
4	Amazing! Only reason it is not 5 stars is that it is kind of pricey for dessert, though the quality of the dessert makes the price not a bad deal. The brownies are delicious!
5	I think this place has become pretty legendary in recent years, this particular location is spacious and the drinking chocolate is always a good option. The service is just whatever, but the desserts are the best in town.
4	Fantastic!  We shared the following:-Banatella Brownie (Banana, Nutella and Pralines) - I didn't know what to expect, I never really had a banana brownie before.  Let me just tell you, this was AMAZING.  It looked like a brownie but tasted more like "banana bread".  It wasn't too too sweet and the pralines added a nice texture.  -Strawberry Banana Crepe with Vanilla Ice Cream and White Chocolate drizzle - First off, I'm not a huge white chocolate fan.  However, this crepe was to die for.  The white chocolate wasn't over bearing at all.  The combination of strawberries/banana/ice cream/white choco was mouth watering.   -Citrus Salad - This salad was very light and refreshing. -Spinach, Egg, Turkey, Buckwheat Savory Crepe - The Spinach is very over powering.  I love spinach but this had a seaweed smell/taste to it.
4	I had their hot chocolate and chocolate fruit fondue, and they are amazing. Their ingredients are always fresh, and the chocolate they use is not something you can find in the supermarket. Their crepe & ice cream is a delight.I never tried anything other than desserts there, but they do offer sandwich and wraps. The place is very cozy, however it gets quite noisy at night since it can accomodate lots of people.
5	Great Chocolate, great fondue. Fantastic experience there. I had so much fun. Thank you.
4	I just LOVE this place! From the moment you walk in, you can just smell the greatness!
4	Nice place. I tried chocolate strawberry crepe, and it was good.
4	Various treats to soothe your sweet tooth! Absolutely delicious, luscious, rich, and tasteful. I love their crepes, chocolate shots, raspberry sorbet with meringue, and brownies. Seriously, EVERYTHING is great. The St. Laurent Juliette et Chocolat is situated amidst numerous bars, clubs and other restaurants, which makes it a great spot to start the night or end the night - your pick! It gets busy and somewhat loud, but the ambiance and service never fail!
3	Reminds me of a mini Max Brenners with a French flare. They serve anything chocolate ranging from ganaches to shakes to lava cakes. They also have an array of sweet and savory crepes. Everything appeared delicious. We ordered a whipped cream dessert with bits of brownies topped off with chocolate and salty caramel. Good stuff.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place...I just don't have the sweet tooth to appreciate it but one of my best friend always drags me here for dessert so I have grown to like this place. The creeps are good.
3	This is for the chocolate-holics. Come here if you're craving sugar. The good thing is that their portions esp. for crepes are very generous so good for sharing.
4	excellent homemade chocolate and deserts.always busy with after dinner guest.you can by the chocolates at the bar for take out if it is too busy.friendly staff
4	Yes this place is slightly pricey. Yes it's delicious. Yes it's worth a visit. I popped in for a quick take away - chocolate milkshake and a hazzlenut chocolate bomb. I downed the milkshake, not too thick not too watery. Perfect for a hot summers day. The bomb.. was too cold and bland when I first bit into it. Luckily it was so huge and I was full from the milkshake so I put it away and ate it later than night once I was back at the hotel. Ummmmmmmmmmm delicious.Pure gold in your mouth , all nice, gooey and melt-ey. I want more! The shake , the dessert and a small coffee came up to $17. The menu looked pretty good , might dine-in the next time I'm in town. Sip, savour and enjoy a quiet little break at the cafe. I'll also try the hot chocolate next time ( I had asked for a cold hot chocolate when I got the milkshake.)
1	I really hate giving negative reviews, I do but this place irked me so much I felt the need to post about.Yesterday I was in the area having lunch with my husband, daughter, and father in law. My daughter was so well behaved I decided to go get her a treat. My friend always raves about Juliette et Chocolat so I figured what a nice place to get her some chocolate.I walk in and there is a line up at the door of people waiting to be seated. I don't want to be seated, I just want to grab some brownies and various chocolates and bail. I go stand in front of the counter waiting for someone to acknowledge me. 10 minutes and NOTHING. About 5 different girls in those red hats come to the counter to grab something (menus etc) and walk away before I could even say anything. By now I've looked at their entire selection and I've tallied up an order in my head of what I'd like to get. A few bags of brownies, some chocolate with pecans, and some little truffle like chocolate. Man its going to cost me $100 to get chocolate and I just baked the day before! I decide to go wait in line and when I'm asked how many I'll just say its to go. I get in line and wait another 15 minutes. Still NOTHING. Instead of causing a scene I decide to just walk out and let Juliette et Chocolat kiss my money goodbye.I won't ever even think about going here again. If I have to wait 25 minute to NOT be served I'd rather take my money elsewhere. Also, very over priced for chocolate...
4	For a place with chocolate in the name, it certainly delivered in quality.  We sample the fondue, some crepes, hot chocolate, and the star of the evening, a brownie with salt caramel sauce.  Truly memorable for a chocolate lover.
5	Lovely spot! Bright, cheery, huge, and lively, this place is a gem. We had two crepes: sugar and a grilled banana with caramel. Both were delicious! We also had the Snow White hot chocolate and the Creole. Super tasty!!
1	My review concerns the service only, as I didnt get a chance to taste the delicious sounding spicy chocolate I was ready to order. We were seated and given menus plus water. then we waited.I do believe we were seated in a no man's land of service. a vortex that made us invisible to the waiters hurrying by us to take orders from patrons who just sat down. Or...or maybe the waiter that was assigned our table, and our table only because everyone around us was being served, had thrown his red hat on the ground and quit his job to finally become the street artist he always wanted to be?We had time to wonder because from the time we walked in, to the time we left without being served, it had been around half an hour.  And yes I know, I could have complained about the service to the floor manager, if I had found them, or just pin a waiter down and forced them to take my order but the chocolate craving had dissapeared at  that point, we just ended up at the irish pub across the street, sipping beers and munching angrily on nachos.
3	- to be fair, i only had their chocolate fondue- points for giving customers the ability to choose what type of chocolate to use (milk, dark, etc)- minus points for the fondue for just being a bowl of melted chocolate with fruit to be dipped into.
5	Guilty vacation pleasure... the hot chocolate is like nothing I've ever tasted before.. I wish there was one in the US
2	We would not go back. We ended up walking out. We were seated immediately and served water but no one came to check on us after that.We were right there at the wait station. No one looked our way. We had to ask for a server. We left after 25 minutes. We had reservations across the street at Maestro SVP. They know how to treat customers. We actually came back because this place had been highly recommended.This time we were seated and taking care of after we had told the hostess of our experience earlier - so the server came within a couple of minutes. We ordered the chai tea. It was excessively sweet and lacked chai.We also had a decaf cappuccino. They charge an extra $.60 for decaf.We also ordered a mint chocolate herbal tea. There was nothing special about it.Then we ordered the grandma's hot chocolate. We requested whipped cream on top of it. We were told they did not have whipped cream.  We all thought that was odd.The table in front of us had three Sundaes. They all had huge toppings of whipped cream.Our bill was 19.60Overrated and overpriced. If you want good hot chocolate go to Suite 88. They were very friendly and they even brought us four pieces of domed chocolate. Complimentary.
4	Yesterday I ordered a dulce de leche and pear crepe to go.  It was amazing!!! Super sweet and fresh, and a little different from the typical nutella or chocolate crepes I go for.  I would highly recommend!
1	This place is DUMP, and I cannot understand how they stay in business! NEVER again! Horrible service, Dirty, crowded, and the food was tasteless and expensive. I had the Nicoise Salad ($20.00) hardly any toppings or tuna, served with this pathetic buckwheat pancake on top. Everything felt dirty from the glasses to the dishes. They dont take Amex like most places in Montreal and dont accept American money. NOt worth the wait, time and money!
3	I will give them 2.5/5 but for the petite pot I round it to a 3One of the water we were given had some black specs in it.... ewwwDeserts rating4/10 - Hot chocolate - too thick for me more like soup. A bit Peru chocolate (avoid it)4/10 - The trifle  - It's basically caramel and whip cream layers... with little brownie ... too sweet. over kill (avoid it)9/10  Passion fruit petite pot - omg yummy.  Tart and sweet. I would have given  it 10 if they give me a bigger size.8/ 10 hazelnut praline petit pot - my friend love it.  good balanceMenu: http://www.julietteetchocolat.com/mmm.php?lang=en
4	Visited @juliettechoco this afternoon for the first time. I was able to be seated by myself immediately and took a look at the menu and was trying to decide between eating something sweet (the grilled banana caramel crepe looked good) and drinking something decadent (Maralumi; A spicy chocolate from New Guinea).  I asked the waitress about the drinking chocolates as I was concerned that there would be too much for me. She let me know that though the servings are pretty large, they actually taste really good after being refrigerated overnight and become almost mousse-like. With that, I chose the Maralumi drinking chocolate for a little over 11$.Within minutes of my order, the drinking chocolate was warming my hands. The drink was decadent, thick, creamy and rich. I sat there for a bit, a sip here and a sip there. I really liked this hot chocolate drink, and could appreciate it more as a person who doesn't partake in chocolate very often. It wasn't too sweet.  and It had a hit of spiciness, it was complex in flavour and offered a nice hint of tang, that hit right at the end of a sip, as the chocolate melted along my tongue. After about 20 minutes, and maybe 1/3rd of the way into my drink, the chocolate began to foam. Looking somewhat like an aero bar, I cold see how this drink might easily transform into a mousse! I decided that that was enough for me, and got her to pack up my drink to go.There were two sources of free wifi, one was the wifi offered by St-Laurent Blvd and there was Ile-sans-fils. There was also a connection for Juliette et Chocolat but it required a password and I didn't bother asking about it. Overall, the service was friendly and helpful.
3	I love the ambiance of this place. It's pretty, bright and sunny, and perfect for dessert with the girls! Me and my friend came here to try out their crepes. My friend got the dulce de leche with pears but after a few bites, we realized they didn't put the dulce de leche and instead gave us chocolate. I asked if my friend wanted the kitchen to fix it but he was okay with it since he liked chocolate. I really wanted to try the caramel sauce though.... I got the fruits and melted chocolate crepe. This was soooo good. There was a lot of variety of fruits and a massive amount of it too. Portion size is definitely big.  Quality of chocolate was decent. I really enjoyed the crepe but I couldn't finish it. I also got the cafe au lait which was strong and perfect match with the crepe.
1	- Horribly cold impersonal service - the staff evidently lack organization at first glance- Chocolate fondue was served stone cold - what's the point!- Hot chocolate tasted more like a sickly sweet drink that vaguely resembles chocolate I was so excited to try this place out but was sorely disappointed.BOTTOM LINE : if u have refined taste buds, give this place a pass!
2	After eating smoked meat up the street, now it is time for some sweet..My Yelp Friend knows Juliette Et Chocolat is not his place the moment he stepped in and saw the white pretty deco. And when he saw the menu, I know he rather be drinking local crafted beers in one of the brewery pubs than drinking these overpriced hot chocolate.We shared Hazelnut Praline Petit Pot ($4.25) which I really enjoyed and Dark Semi-Sweet Classic Style ($4.99) which I hated! I find the hot chocolate was such a disappointment just overly sweet with hardly any chocolate taste! The Vintages ones does sounded better but seriously at over $10? Definitely overpriced IMO!Service was meh, not on par with other Montreal business I been to. It took forever to take our order and our glasses stayed empty even several requests to be refilled! I don't think I will be back......... and I know my Yelp Friend totally agreed with me on that!
3	After indulging my favourite smoked meat at Schwartz's, I walked by this dessert place and got attracted by its bright, open, pretty (and girly) decor. It was a cool and quiet Sunday afternoon, and we were seated on the side while all the windows/doors were opened. Nice fresh air and people watching!We ordered few items to satisfy our sweet tooth craving:- Classic style dark semi-sweet hot chocolate ($4.99)- The Velvety Chill ~ chilled milk chocolate, Baileys, scoop of hazelnut ice cream, and a dash of fleur de sel caramel ($10.50)- regular coffee- Gianduja and lime mousse cake ($5.99)We loved the iced chocolate Baileys drink the most.  It's very smooth and not overly sweet.  Seriously, Baileys makes everything taste so much better!!! LOLHot chocolate was presented in a weird bowl and milk jug.  Initially we didn't know what to do with the bowl.  It tasted pretty good.Coffee was A-okay, nothing to write about.Mousse cake was meh. I have had much better cake elsewhere. The cake bottom could be more interesting if it was made crunchier.Service was pretty good. Many Yelpers have complained that the service was cold. I guess we were lucky on that day. It wasn't exceptionally warm, but it was attentive enough. Just a bit slow, but that's what I found in many Montreal eateries. Is it because Montreal people are more laid back? :PThey do have some cute chocolate items for sale in their fridge. Heard of Chocolate Lipsticks before? :D They looked very real indeed!This place is definitely on the expensive side. Would I be back? May be. I wouldn't mind coming back for a girls day/night out or a date, but not for a quick chocolate fix on my own.3.5 stars
3	I was planning on meeting a friend to catch up and wanted a simple cafe. Juliette served up a good environment to talk and get a bite to eat. I had a dessert for breakfast (how could one resist?). I ordered the Peanut butter, milk chocolate and banana crepe. It was great. It wasn't too heavy but combine a lot of my favorite things, how could you not go wrong?In addition, my friend and I stayed a bit longer to talk. They didn't try to usher us out and were very polite about my non-french speaking capabilities (however Montreal makes me want to take a class).I would definitely go back.
4	Pros:Grandma style not-so-bitter hot chocolate (the best I've ever had)Anything with chocolateCons:Not much If you love chocolate (I don't even think I am one), this is a must visit spot. Their hot chocolates are to-die for. They are superb!
4	Local Queen of Chocolates, Ms. Juliette has created a modern & chic cafe style ambiance, delightful desserts, and impeccable buckwheat crepes and classic flavors. One of the best crepes in my humble opinion outside of Brittany. It's open all day from 11 AM, so stop in any time for a cup of coffee, glass of wine with some classic french sweet and savory offerings.
5	Took the family here before we headed to the airport to pick up some chocolate for our friends had a quick dessert. Wow it was amazing. The fleur de sel carmel was out of this world. No chocolate for our friends "Let them eat Carmel!"
4	My balsamic brownie could have been a tad more balsamic, but sheesh- when's the last time you had a balsamic brownie?
4	If you love chocolate, it's necessary to go here. Pros: 1) One word: Brookie. Yes that's a cookie baked inside of a brownie. It was as delicious as it sounds. My husband got an equally delicious nutella banana brownie. 2) the people who worked there were very helpful and cheery. Cons: 1) if you get these from the pastry counter to-go (as we did) they serve everything cold. Who wants to eat an ice-cold brownie? 2) Pricey. $11 for two brownies.
4	This is a fantastic dessert spot for chocolate lovers. Very good choice for dates or for coffee and sweets. I wish there were more places like this.  I prefer the semi-sweet hot chocolate which is delicious.  This is a great place for groups and the seating is ample.  Keep in mind that there can be quite a line at times. There's another location on Rue St-Denis but I like this location better personally as the layout is more spacious.
5	Likes: chocolate, location, concept, serviceDislikes: priceWent here in late August 2013 on a late Saturday night. The place was packed, and the line-ups took 20 minutes to get in. Location:The location is prime. It's in a busy spot in Montreal where a lot of young people hung out. Night life was everywhere. This is perfect for date night. Chocolate: A place that specializes on chocolates?! Hell yes! I love the concept, how it really is a prime spot for dessert. Chocolate lovers will be served with all options for chocolate. They even had alcoholic drinks with chocolate, shooters, chocolate from around the world.Service:Service was totally there. The servers were friendly and energetic. They also spoke English, so a plus if French isn't your strength. Verdict:Oui! Worth the wait. I wish they have this in Vancouver :)
3	Seems kind of touristy but I had a good meal and a fun time going here.  It gets busy and is kind of pricey for what you get, but overall i'd come back if I was in the area.Ordered the chocolate/peanut butter/banana crepe and was pleasantly surprised by the giant square that arrived. Nothing really special about it though.
3	No words for how amazing this crepe was. I had banana with caramel and vanilla ice cream. Unbelievably perfect. Will be back for more.
5	Ouf! Gosh darn I miss this place, now that I dont live in Montreal anymore!!You dont underSTAND how unbelieveably amazing this place is, if you've never been!Crepe with dulce de leche and pears = Perfect perfect perfect! Fleur de Lys Petit Pot = Holy goodness.. Heaven in my mouth!!Counting the days till my next visit!
4	Ah, Juliette et Chocolat, your brownies are still as delicious as I remember. Been here a bunch of times as it was one of the places I took out of town friends to when they were craving chocolate/dessert.Place was pretty busy when I met up with a friend on a Wednesday evening. Staff is super friendly and tres mignon in their hats. Haha. I had a dinner to go to afterwards so we just split a brownie:- The Banatella ($4.65) - nutella, banana and praline. We didn't taste a lot of banana but it was moist and rich in flavour. I still think my favourite is the Ivory (white chocolate and coconut).Great place to take a date or chill out with a friend or two. Definitely a place for chocolate lovers.
4	I, like any other girl can only say yes to chocolate and other sweets. I would have given a five star if it weren't for the inattentive service. I understand the place is busy but you sooner you meet all my needs, the sooner i'll leave.
4	This place is a must for chocolate lovers.  Their brownies are to die for - slightly warmed, so they melt in your mouth, moist and drizzled with a little chocolate sauce.  The crepes are good and the desserts are ever so decadent and well crafted in their use of sweet, salt and chocolate as well as different food texture combinations.  That said, sometimes the service can be very slow, so this place is not a good choice if you are in a hurry.There is wifi, so it makes a nice place to study.
4	Stopped in on a freezing night with my wife for warmth and some chocolate. What we got was a fantastic dessert experience!!! I ordered the a chocolate drink "grandma" style of dark semi sweet chocolate that was think, rich and delicious! My wife got fondue chocolate for one which was a cup of fondue surrounded by fresh cut up fruit - apples, kiwis, pears, strawberries, pineapples, etc. and was equally delicious and definitely enough to share a bit with me as well. Service was very friendly and the atmosphere was lively and busy but didn't feel cramped.I have three minor criticisms: one, I wish both of our chocolates came out a little warmer; two, our orders did not come out at the same time and I was almost halfway done with mine before my wife's came out; and three - Montreal is freezing at night, and yes, I get it ladies, your thin stockings you wear while going to the nearby clubs aren't doing much to warm your legs, but the line out the door gradually turned into people holding both sets of doors open in an attempt to warm themselves - thus freezing everyone else. I wish management would enforce a door closed policy.With that said, those are obviously minor critiques and this chocolatier will otherwise offer you an otherwise incredible experience!
3	They do have a nice menu with tons of 'chocolaty' desserts, which are all amazing on your tongue, oh god! But I tend to prefer to grab a hot chocolate for take-out instead of drinking it on place: too crowdy for me.Otherwise, a nice place to discover tons of meals with chocolate in all forms! For the chocolate fans only ;)
5	On a short weekend trip to Montreal, we just knew we had to stop into Juliette et Chocolat - and we certainly were not disappointed! This place has a coffee shop feel to me because they serve desserts, crepes, hot drinks, but at the same time offer full meals and entrees. There were lots of large groups of friends catching up and at the same time pockets of tables that looked like dinner dates or friend catch-ups. The star of it all though was the food - particularly the chocolate. absolutely sinfully delicious! Rich, creamy, dark - light, frothy, dilectible...the choices span the entire gammit. I would come back in a heartbeat to try it all over again!
3	Okay, so the menu is spectacular. I've had things here that I never though could be done with chocolate. From hot chocolates to ice cream to more elaborate deserts, I've yet to try something here I didn't like.However, it is (unsurprisingly) very busy, and wait-times for a table can be long. So while it would be a great date spot *in theory*, something gets lost in translation by the time you get a table and finally get served.I wouldn't do it on a first date, but it might be a fun place to end a night with someone you know well, especially after dinner.
1	My wife and I decided to visit Juliette Et Chocolat on our honeymoon. We stopped in for a late-night dessert, and thought we'd get a quick sweet crepe, and maybe a brownie to go along with it.A host quickly approached us upon our arrival and sat us down at a table. Either by our deer-in-the-headights look, or my saying, "Hello," immediately upon entering, he could tell that we only spoke English (however much we wished we spoke French), and he handed us their English menu.After looking over our choices we asked our waitress for the Dulce de Leche and Pear crepe, and The Peanut brownie.Service was fast, and we received our crepe only 5 minutes later. As soon as we looked at our crepe we were both disappointed. They used canned pears!! The corn syrup soaked, grainy textured, pears were accompanied by a caramel that seemed to just be mixed with milk, since you couldn't taste the Dulce de Leche at all, and the caramel drizzle was hardly enough to bring any flavor back to our washed out crepe.The brownie had the distinct flavor of being from a box. Rather than the rich cocoa an butter flavor of a freshly baked brownie, all we could taste was a syrupy flavor (which we simply presumed was more corn syrup, though we may be wrong). The peanut butter that came in the brownie was not fresh tasting, but had more of a Jiffy flavor.Although some of the service we great, and we really liked how the host intuited that we were English-speakers, we can't recommend this place as somewhere someone should eat.
5	Best milkshake ever.  Take the dark one.  The milk version taste funny.Best hot chocolate.  Take traditional and dark yummy!
5	Don't even play with me on this one!  Chilly Montreal night with my partner across the table and a REAL hot chocolate between us.  Thick, rich, creamy, melted cocoa goodness.  We sat out in the middle of the sidewalk patio area where the people watching  was divine.  The service was slow or what I call "European" but don't go to Canada expecting New York style warp speed.  This is chill the f*^k out and enjoy something sweet in your mouth kind of place.  And so I did!2 Montreal-cold hard nips!
5	I fell in love with this place.  It is decadent and delicious and open late!  I had the fleur de sel brownie with caramel sauce.  Out of this world!  I could have drank that whole sauce pot and have been content.  It was luscious, smooth and velvety.  Amazing!They even have really naughty chocolate displays so you could bring the experience home and get a giggle from the recipient.Service was ok but who cares when the food is sinfully divine.  Definitely a must go when you are in Montreal.  You will not be disappointed.
3	Nom nom nom..I had the brownie with the scoop of vanilla ice cream and it was amazing, albiet super filling to a level such that I told myself I would not eat for 2 days (of course I didn't follow through).My friend got the chocolate shake with the spicy pepper flavor...wasn't so spicy. I was a little surprised they had "crepe with Nutella" on the menu. Really? Why would anyone come here for something they can easily make and have at home?Too much noise and too many rowdy little kids.
4	I really wish we had a Juliette et Chocolat in Toronto!We stopped by here on what must have been one of the coldest nights of the year. It was great to see that on a night where every bar and restaurant was empty, a dessert shop such as this actually had a lineup of people waiting to be seated. I tried the crepes which were good, and the Peruvian hot chocolate which I found exceptional albeit a bit too pricey! I must admit that the hot chocolate menu is simply the best one I've seen so far and would have me coming back over and over to try every single item!Overall, there is much to love and little to complain about a spacious, well lit joint serving delicious specialty hot beverages until late! I will be back.
5	During our long weekend trip to Montreal in February, I told my hubby that I really wanted to eat crepes! So of course the first place we checked to find crepes was yelp and they suggested Juliette et Chocolat. Juliette et Chocolat is a lovely modern cafe with lots and lots of chocolate all around.  It looked like everyone had a pot of chocolate! Being a chocoholic...I was excited indeed! Both my hubby and I ordered crepes with strawberries but when I was scanning the menu, the trifle caught my eye.  The crepes were ok...I thought the crepes would be folded into a triangle but it was like a large crepe with chocolate spread on top and sliced strawberries on the chocolate.  Nothing special. And to be honest, the strawberries weren't ripe but then again, it's February....not July so really I guess it couldn't be helped! The trifle on the other hand was absolutely the best thing I put into my mouth that weekend.  I am still dreaming about this trifle to this day.  It was basically layers of brownie, fleur de sel caramel, whipped cream and then you pour hot chocolate overtop.  AMAZING! Every single component of this dessert was heavenly.  I was never one to really like whipped cream (I immensely disliked the one on Chinese cakes growing up) but then I started making my own whipped cream and realized how good it tastes...and the whipped cream at Juliette et Chocolat was like that whipped cream...homemade and fresh! SO good! The five stars is honestly for the trifle...it was that good.  I will definitely be going back there to put some more heavenly trifle into my mouth!
4	I really enjoyed this spot - a huge menu of different items, all chocolate!  I was here on two occasions and had brownies, which were incredibly rich and moist (these were gluten free too!), and had their sundaes, which were a decadent dessert.  It's nice to have a relaxing and comfortable place to enjoy chocolate desserts.
2	From the moment we got there, it was a disappointment one after another. We were a group of 15, but instead of being seated right away, they were debating whether to let us in or not. Finally, after waiting outside in the cold, they decided to split us up into smaller tables. Then, to our disappointment, they gave us a reduced menu, even though we saw a couple sitting next to our menu getting the full menu. I ordered a regular dark hot chocolate. It was not bad, but my expectations were a lot higher for the price I was paying. Overall, poor service, slightly pricey, and "meh" quality.
4	On a rainy afternoon in April, I was with a group of 25 international students who wanted to do something special to celebrate a classmate's birthday. The spontaenous choice of the birthday-girl was a chocolate restaurant, and as we were close by, we stopped in at this J&C. With no reservation, the friendly waiter accommodated our entire group, effortlessly switching into English with them. As I myself do not have much of a sweet tooth, I just had tea, but my students tried various things from the menu, and all seemed very happy with their choices. We didn't have to wait long for our meals to be delivered. A surprise mini-cake with candle and singing was brought at the right moment to the birthday-girl, and everyone left happy. There was a small mix-up with one of the bills, but this is the nature of dining in huge groups and overall I was really happy.
4	We accidentally find this wonderful place when walking to get a smoke meat at Swartz . Chocolate fondue is one of the hallmark. Milk chocolate is more tasty than semi dark. It is tasty and yummy and goes well with fruits. We have to ask for more for the chocolate. The icecream bowl is good but it not come in a bowl ( as I imagine) . The portion of the icecream is good for 2 ppls. Tiramisu is so so , taste like general tiramisu. Go for chocolate fondue for this place with a nice chill out place and good service.
4	Great indulgence. it was over the top chocolate.
4	This was my first time here and although I was eager to try the chocolate delicacies on their menu, I started with a salad for dinner.  I had the "agrume/citrus" salad and it was wonderful. The portion was enormous, with grilled chicken, oranges, grapefruit and a fun crepe-based wheel of sorts on the top.  So fun and filling. But not to worry, I saved room for dessert (and wasn't disappointed)!!  The fleur de sel brownie was amazing.  Served warm with a caramel sauce drizzled over it, there was the perfect balance of salty and sweet.   Luckily, it was a normal sized brownie because otherwise I would have been in trouble (and eaten far too much).  The service was great, our waitress was so nice and the food came very quickly (and the water was poured often which is so nice).  Plus, she let us sit and talk for a long time with no fuss.  Truly a wonderful (chocolately) experience.
4	We got to enjoy crispy buckwheat crepes and light salad for lunch here. The wait staff brings a credit card machine to you and you can swipe and enter in the amount for tips right at your table. There are small gift options or desserts-on-the-go you can browse in the store.
5	The fondue with fresh fruit was simply delicious, and the trifle was one of my husband's favorite desserts he's ever had.  The waitress was very sweet.  This seems like one of those places where you can't go wrong with whatever you order.  It's the only place we are planning to visit twice during our short trip in Montreal, because it was so good.  Highly recommended.
5	After having dinner at Au Pied de Cochon and not being able to get their dessert menu, we decided to get our dessert elsewhere. My friend recommended this restaurant to me so I decided to give it a try.Right away, I love the brightness of this restaurant. It has a real Parisian feel to it. My boyfriend ordered le fleur de sel which is a salted caramel brownie and I ordered a marshmallow explosion drink.The brownie was SO good; we still think about it back in Toronto. The drink was not as good probably because it was a mixed of dark and milk chocolate. The marshmallow is supposedly made in house but it was nothing special in my opinion. The brownie was a perfect blend of sweet and savoury. Whenever I get salt and caramel desserts, I feel that it's unbalance and some bites are too sweet or too salty. This brownie was perfect.We need this restaurant in Toronto!
5	I went here four years ago with two close friends. It still occasionally enters conversation and we reminisce about the desserts and chocolate milkshakes we had. I was excited to return when I came back to Montreal for a visit today, and was not disappointed. I had the raspberry chocolate mousse, and it was perfect. This places knows chocolate and keeps it very classy. A great place to impress your sweet tooth friend or upscale relatives. Also, lovely patio.
5	I love the chocolate fondue, grandma style hot chocolate, brownies and raspberry dark chocolate mousse cake. The taste of all the dishes are so rich. My friends and I also ate here for lunch. They had a spinach crepe. To my surprise, even though it doesn't look like a lot, they couldn't finish. The environment is so cute and bright; the decor is fancy and the moment you walk in, all you smell is the aroma of chocolate in the air. If you are looking for a dessert place in Montreal - this is seriously one go-to location.
4	Delicioussssssssss,Awesomeeeeeeeeeeee,Crazyyyyyyyyyyy,Love itttttttttttttttttttttt. It's Not enough
5	One of my very best friend took me there once last year and I fell in love with the place. The lineup is always very big but it is worth the wait time 10. The place it clean and very bright a bit cramped up but after tasting the food you forget about it. The service is also a bit slow but I can understand because the place is always packed. I tried a few of the sweet treat (dessert) but I have not yet tried the meal. Everything I have tasted so far was AMAZING and even that word doesn't make the food justice. You have to try it BUT be careful because it is very addictive and also without a doubt very sweet.
4	I really wanted to try a classic crepe in Montreal so I made my way over to Juliette Et Chocolate alone on a Thursday evening.The place was fairly busy, I waited in line for about twenty minutes before I was seated. The menu was very large and I would have had trouble deciding what I wanted if I had not already had something in mind. I ordered a half-dark, half-milk chocolate, banana and strawberry crepe. The server was sweet and charming and brought me my dessert within ten minutes. It was exactly how I wanted it. The fruit was fresh, the chocolate warm and the crepe recipe sweet and soft. Everyone around me looked very happy, there were many couples and groups of friends. The environment is warm and welcoming, and perfect for anyone planning on eating alone as well.
4	Who doesn't like chocolate?I've had the chance to visit Juliette & Chocolat many many times and therefore, to try a bunch of things, all were great!My only problem (thus the 1* missing) is how they always serve you the hot chocolate without the items/half of the people served but not the others/the hot chocolate isn't that "hot".Apart from this, I love this place!
4	I do love good chocolate, and they do a pretty good job at feeding my chocolate appetite on most days. I also love their outfits. Very cute place.
5	Juliette offers many chocolate-centric desserts which are delicious although nothing new. Where it is special is the "single origin" chocolate menu. Here you'll find lists of chocolates with detailed tasting notes usually reserved for fine wines, served melted in a glass to be eaten straight up by spoon. It's a decadent and cool experience, and the chocolate is damn good even if you don't taste every nuance. They also serve excellent coffees including a chocolate covered Viennese, so make sure this is on your list for dessert or a midday pick-me-up. Your girlfriend will be thrilled and you'll enjoy it too.Recommended: Any Single Origin Chocolate, Fleur de Sel Caramel Pot
5	Both the savory an sweet crepes were phenomenal. The portions were appropriate, and you pay for the quality. Yum!
5	This is a must eat place! The desserts are phenomenal! The staff is very friendly and helpful in explaining how things are prepared and which are the best of the best. The raspberry sorbet is delicious. The crepe is so large, I nearly had to be rolled home! Wonderful experience!
5	I love love love chocolate and this place fulfilled my chocolate craving and then some. The milk chocolate crepe with strawberries and bananas was amazing! They also have chocolate alcoholic beverages as well as gourmet hot chocolate drinks. I will definitely be back here again soon!
4	Juliette is a wonderful place to bring in a group of people and have a nice conversation while enjoying decent desserts. The ambience is very modern and cute-like, and they do have free wifi. The food actually took a bit long for it to be served.I ordered chocolate fondant with milk chocolate and vanilla ice cream. The ice cream was very rich and creamy, and the fondant was also really chocolate-y and great, but it was a bit too sweet for me. Maybe I should've gotten dark chocolate instead of milk.I also ordered the dulce de leche crepe with pear. It was a huge portion, and the crepe was amazing. However, after each bite, it was getting to the point where I did not enjoy it as much.I'll definitely come back here for other desserts with a few peeps! Hopefully there are better desserts than the ones I've had!
3	No words for how amazing this crepe was. I had banana with caramel and vanilla ice cream. Unbelievably perfect. Will be back for more.
4	Service was great, the salty crepes were great, presentation was nice and carefully crafted for each things. It's a worthy experience and of course you can't order the whole menu and spend the day eating chocolate, but you'll seriously consider it.However I feel it's slightly hyped and pricey for what they offer. But don't worry, it's chocolate!
5	This place is Gluten Free Desert Heaven!  The Trifle is the BOMB, and the caramel sauce is additive.  I also love the Citrus Salad.
5	After living in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and NJ where the quality of food is very good due to competition, we have pretty high standards when it comes to food.A definite must!!! Desserts are fresh, delicious and not excessively loaded with sugar!We ordered the chocolate fondue with fruits and the trifle, which were both phenomenal!!! Even the quality of the fondue fruit were delicious! (note: for 2 of us we ordered fondue for 1 and the trifle...we realized if we had ordered the fondue for 2 with the trifle, it would have been too much food after we had dinner. )This place was so delicious that we came back the next day! We ordered the hazelnut praline and once again were impressed.  I love how you don't taste any preservatives or fillers and how fresh everything tastes!Highly recommend this place!!!
5	Delicious chocolate. I got a couple of different pieces of chocolate, all were yummy. What was even better- their brownies. They are to die for. I got 4 different kinds and all were just as good as the other.
5	Chocolate cafe? Oh yes! Very cute shop with a huge intensive menu related to chocolate! I ordered a milk chocolate called "New Guinea" paired with a little chocolate-banana brownie. I would sip the chocolate drink and take a little bite of the brownie. It was superb and must be enjoyed slowly. I mean, what's the rush anyways? Enjoy!
4	Loud,crowded,music pounding from the club upstairs,people constantly streaming in and out. The waitresses are certainly kept busy running back and forth;the prices are definitely on the high side,but the desserts are very rich. I had a intense brownie paired with Earl Grey tea,my friend ordered a tiramisu and chai. My brownie arrived with my Earl Grey tea,and I must say,I was not impressed with the tiny size of the brownie,that is until I thought I would not be able to finish it,it is really VERY rich. The tea was good,but not exceptional,the teapot only half-full! My friend's tiramisu was really a pudding served in a jar,her chai was not what she had thought it would be,she ended up sending it back and ordered an Earl Grey as well. Service was timely and courteous.
4	If you're not willing to sit down for a full-blown experience, but still need a mid-day pick-me-up:Go to the side counter ("Chocolate Bar") and order a Grandma-style hot chocolate to take out. Hedging our bets, we ordered a Dark Semi-Sweet (how can you lose?), with the addition of a little extra milk. Intense, thick, smooth, and not overly sweet, this is just about the perfect cold-weather beverage.For tourists, an absolute necessity. You'll need the extra calories to power up and down the Boulevard St Laurent. (Plus, the cute items in the display case up front will make good gifts for the folks back home.)
4	Juliette et Chocolate is really a great place for all things chocolate, as well as crepes and beverages.The chocolate ice cream and the Fleur de Sel crepe were both delicious.The only negative here is simple complacency. Service could be a bit better, and the place is not super clean. Other than that, you can bring your screaming kids in here (everyone else does) and have a great sweet tooth experience.
2	I was so excited on my way over here...I turned out that this was just another over rated place.The crepes was okay, espresso was terrible. I thought that I can get some chocolate, like truffle, it turns out they serve hot chocolate.Worse part, the decor of the place was really nice, however they need better HVAC system because I smelled like grease after sitting in the place for at least 30 minutes.Don't feel too bad if you miss this place when you're in Montreal, QC.
4	Before even having heard of this place, we drove by this location on Saturday night, and it was packed, we decided to give this a try ourselves the night after.  Considerably less crowded, we sat down and were almost overwhelmed by their vast selection of chocolate desserts and their chocolate drinks.  They have a wide range of milk chocolate and dark chocolate for your enjoyment, just depends on what % you want.  We ordered the small chocolate drink from Ghana, it came in the same glass cognac is typically served in.  We also got the hazelnut praline bomb, which reminded me of a ferraro rocher and the bill actually said "rocher".  The fleur de sel petit pot came in a cute little jar with little pieces of chocolate brownies and caramel with chocolate mousse on the bottom.  This place is definitely for chocolate and/or dessert lovers!
5	We passed by this establishment enroute to the nearby "must eat at" deli. I should have skipped the deli and gone straight here. The desserts were divine. The hot chocolate is something I can hardly wait to have again. We ate our meal and wound up buying stuff to go. Some was for ourselves and some as gifts for our friends in the US.I was concerned about prior comments on it being busy. We had a nary a problem getting a seat on a Saturday afternoon.
2	Be ready to head for the gym after a visit to J&C. This is the one place for all chocolate lovers. It's worth the experience.However, when we went the service was absolutely awful. The food was good but not worth the wait. Everything was overpriced. Our waitress lost our order and we had to wait an extra half an hour before we got our food and that was without counting the time it took us to put our order and the time it took us to pay. If you have a lot of time on your hands and enjoy sitting down and chatting with friends then this is a good place to go. Otherwise, order a take-out or go to one of their other franchise.
1	overrated is the word..the coffee is just meh and the food is just average don't think ill ever go back
4	Probably one of the most reliable place in town for chocolate, crepes and a little chit-chat. Read more on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/14/juliette-et-chocolat-a-rediscover/
5	Our apartment was only a few minutes walk away from this cute little shop...we had just finished eating a very hearty, hearty lunch, but who said we can't make room for dessert....let alone chocolate?? :)They have a nice variety of foods to eat but where our stomachs and eyes immediately went to on the menu was the back side...."The Chocolate Bar." To put it into the easiest and simplest terms.....this page is a glorious page of an assortment of chocolate DRINKS you could indulge yourself in! If you're looking to keep your calories low for the day.....you might want to flip the menu back over...but come on, everyone needs a nice cheat day or chocolate pick-me-up once in a while! ;) We ordered one of the milk chocolates under The Vintage sections...and OH MY GOODNESS.....when this nice cup of chocolate arrived and that first spoonful of delectiable chocolate hit my tastebuds........I couldn't help but close my eyes in pure bliss and sigh, "Mmmmmm!" I was in chocolate heaven. It was simple. It was elegant. It was delicious!I wish we would have worked out of this shop later in the day because they do have WiFi! Maybe next time :)
4	I like the ice cream here...taste so good...this place is always busy..the service is ok..but the price is a bite expensive...
4	Only had time for take out but I was definitely glad I dropped by.   The aroma of all the nearby desserts was to die for.   I despereately wanted a savoury crepe but didn't think it would travel well.   Ordered two intense brownies and they definitely lived up to the hype, along with hot chocolate with salted caramel that went down real well.   Will definitely be back to further explore the menu in a dine in experience.
5	I come here often and thought I should give a second review on some new items I've tried. This time I ordered the hot chocolate with house made marshmallows and caramel fondant with ice cream. WOW - the caramel fondant has become my new favourite. Perfection in every bite - Sweet, but not sickening sweet. Portion size was just right. Pairing with ice cream is a very good idea. As for the hot chocolate - again, very thick and delicious. It's sweetness level is just right for my partner and I. I really liked those marshmallows too. Very soft and warm. My partner treated me, and he was telling me how good the price is for such good food (It just became his new favourite dessert place).
3	The place: nice but not "WOW!amazing!". Just regular! Really pretty style but personally despersive. A lot of people going there. At 7o clock it was almost full. WELCOME: the waiter who received us at the beginning was annoyed. As we preferred a table to the one he gave us he was manifestly bothered! The second waitress was vitriolic. The third just interested to let us pay. SALTED DISHES: really good even if the salad wasn't fresh. The BROWNIES: special! I took the one with nut. Yummy, dense, really good percentage of chocolate, bits of crunchy nuts. I'll try it againfor and again for food! Really special.
4	Amazing brownies and desserts however, I feel the need to point out that this place is very much so over priced. Brownies are $4.50-$6 a piece!!! Definitely a once in a while splurge.
4	I can't get enough of this place. I have been here for desserts mainly, and it never disappoints me! I tried a couple of different options, they were all good. The petit pot options are great if you just want a little sweet to go.The ambiance is not that special, I feel the place could have more personality. The staff is pretty good overall.
