4	Hands down, some of the most wonderful people you will meet. The service and the food is high quality. We have some inconsistent, average pizza/Italian places around the 89139, but this is definitely not one of them. I order from here at a minimum of twice a week. I've tried the majority of their menu and have had nothing below four stars. The price is very generous. They also provide some of the best new york style pizza in the south-west.
3	So I'm updating my review after ordering from here several times. The first time, my hubs had a hair in his food and my chicken parmesan was pretty bad, chicken was dry and sauce too sweet. Since then, out of sheer desperation we've ordered from them and it's been decent. My hubby likes their chicken wings, they are grilled not fried. (personally I like them fried) I still don't love this place, but their food is ok. I wish, as a Pasta place they would do something about their marinara/bolognese. I love some good spaghetti and meatballs or chicken parm as comfort food, and their red sauce is just too sweet. Other than that, their pizzas are pretty good. I will say when I was there in person the first time, they were very, very friendly.
5	They make everything from scratch.  Nice variety on the menu and the food is reasonably priced.  Hands down my favorite Italian spot in Vegas! Friendly staff...
5	I have eaten here three times and every time the food is amazing. I have had pizza and pasta and the chicken spinach Stromboli. I loved it all. If you like sweets the chocolate cake is delicious.  The garlic knots are amazing. The staff is friendly and attentive. Great place to eat.Update: The food is still amazing...I recommend any of the pasta dishes...but I am sad to report that the garlic knots are no longer on the menu. The knots have been replaced with garlic bread.
5	Unbelievable service and the best italian I've had in Vegas!!The staff was so friendly and catering. The food was fantastic. I had the special white pizza and a chicken salad... Pretty basic huh, but it truly stood out from any other pizza or chicken salad a have ever hadAfter speaking with the staff I was informed that everything is freshly made in-house on premisses and nothing is frozen. You can really taste the difference here. I can't wait to come back and try the Philly cheese steak.
4	This is now my go to place for delivery pizza. Also, $7.99 for a 16" 1-topping pizza for carryout. The pizza is great and the wings are pretty good too. Service is friendly and fast. Note: There is a $2.00 delivery charge.
5	I have ordered from this place many times! I love it! I've tried many different items on the menu and have never been disappointed! The pasta, apps, and all of the pizzas...are so good. Great customer service and decent delivery time too!
4	I love Prima Pizza. The crust, sauce and toppings are oh so good. Cheese yummy!!! And the pesto pizza is killer. We have ordered both the chicken wings and fingers. I was not a fan of either. Both were a little soggy and flavorless. The fries we got with the fingers were undercooked and soggy. But I love the pizza here so I will for sure keep coming back. I used to work in a pizza joint in high school and personally I think they just need to fry the fingers and fries a little longer to make them crispy.
3	I ordered their Chicken Marsala($10.99) with a Pepsi($1.25) total was $13PROS:-Chicken Marsala came with garlic knots and a salad, which took me by surprise as I wasn't expecting anything than the pasta I ordered-Since I was the ONLY person eating there, service was quick and attentive lol-The pasta was good enough for two-Food overall was pretty tastyCONS:-I wish you could order pizza by the slice -HAIR IN MY PASTA! I was freaked out and couldn't eat anymore.So if the people at Prima Pizza & Cafe are reading this, have your cooks at least wear a hairnet!
4	Since we just moved to LV, we have been trying to find a good pizza place, and I think we found it in Prima.We ordered delivery, and it was great.  The delivery came a lot faster than we anticipated, quicker than they quoted and fast for a Saturday evening.  The pizza itself was tasty, as was the dinner salad.  I was slightly disappointed in the garlic knots - although they give you a dozen, they aren't very flavorful & leave some garlic taste to be desired.Check out their specials on their website - they offer great deals for all sized parties.It was even good the next day.  We will be trying out Prima in the future.
5	7.99 large one topping pick up special is elite!
4	Pretty bomb! 2 slices and a large drink for 5 $ not bad. great pizza... check it out brahz
4	I  first sampled a taste of Prima's food at a work function, which is why I sought out the cafe for dinner with my roomie. We were greeted warmly as we entered, and went to the counter and ordered an albanian sald and a buffalo chicken pizza.We did notice that there were several specials . My roomie asked if there were pitchers of soda because she drinks a lot during dinner.The waitress laughed and said "we do free refills" We sat down at a table and The waitress ended up bringing another soda to the table , and told my roomie "Oh I thought you might be close to needing another"  Anticipation of needs is awesome service if you ask me!!The Albanian salad  was absolutely delicious. It had grilled eggplant and tomato , feta  cheese other veggies . it was fresh and they served it with homemade dressings . We tried bot hthe balsamic and the ranch. Our pizza came and it was fresh and hot and  completely YUM. We had so much food that we had to take leftovers home. I will totally be back as I want another salad. I am also thinking I want to try the pasta.
5	This place is close to my home, but I would travel across town for it. Great calzones, pizza, pasta, etc.I recently took two calzones that were half cooked to a friend's house and finished cooking them there. The lovely staff provided me a garlic butter topping for extra crispiness, and proper cooking instructions.Great food, better service, and a family friendly atmosphere.
4	Usually I feel ashamed to get delivery from Dominos or Pizza Hut, but Prima Pizza is my one exception.  This family owned restaurant is owned by Italians who know exactly what they're doing.  Their hot wings are oh so crispy and good.  They also have an all you can eat soup, salad, and garlic knots for $6.99 everyday!Favorite pizzas so far are:#1] PESTO CHICKEN - Sundried tomatoes, basil pesto sauce, & grilled chicken.#2] GARLIC CHICKEN - garlic, onion, mozzarella, & grilled chicken.#3] WHITE PIZZA- provolone, ricotta, feta, mozzarella, & roasted garlic.Their crusts & sauces are ridiculously yummy and are what I find to be the most important components to a pizza.  Though, pizza is pizza, I don't mind eating an entire 12" pizza and wings here, all to my lonesome. Ingredients are fresh and you can just taste the difference.
5	One of my favorite wing spots! The pizza always tastes great, and they have good deals too.
5	I love this place. One of my favorite pizza places in town. They have great pizzas, calzones, and pastas. I highly recommend it!
3	Pretty decent little joint. Came here on a saturday night. No one was there. Seems to be more a take out joint. The service was good. Not your typical sit down restaurant so don't expect that....The pizza was okay. Nice crumbled sausage, somewhat crisp crust.The pasta. Pesto cream with tortellini and sweet sausage. Loved the sauce.  I could see the extreme amount of garlic put into there.Would I come here again? Eh, it's a bit far for me... If I lived nearer, I'd possible do delivery. Possibly.
3	I went to this place for the endless pasta bowl and found out they do not have it anymore (I should mention they did it for us as a courtesy after I mentioned that was the reason for my visit). Having said that, here is my in-depth review ;-)* Service: Very friendly waitress! She was accommodating and always had a smile on despite the fact we were a large party and had tons of questions for her.* Food:  Tasty. We had the meat-lovers pizza, pasta with bolognese sauce, pasta with pesto cream sauce, pasta with vodka sauce and a chicken pizza and it was all pretty good (with the exception of the pesto cream sauce--bland).* Overall experience (the reason for the 3 stars): The place had a funny smell to the point where they had to open the front door to air out the dining area. This place is NOT good for eat-in customers as it is clearly a take-out place. Despite the willingness and great attitude of the girl taking care of us we had to wait a bit for the food, our first order of garlic bread was cold and the second order of garlic bread came after we had finished our food.Conclusion: I would try this place again but ONLY for carry out or delivery.
5	I'm new to the area so I decided to try this place out and I was not disappointed. Very very good pizza, very nice staff, and the cashier/server super nice and friendly!! Been there twice already and plan on returning again and again!!
5	LOOOOVVVEEE the pizza and the price is phenomenal! I always get the large sausage pizza for $7.99. I moved across town and miss this place. The dough seems to have a hint of sugar in it which just tastes so damn good. Top 3 best pizzas I ever had and that's def saying a lot. I tried there meatball sub which was really really bad but if you love pizza you def have to try this place
2	the pizza took 50 min to get here and it was cold! i mean hard cheese, had to microwave it, cold. errr.
5	We are visiting from LA and are so excited to have found this wonderful place!  Delicious!!! Courteous & informational!! Last night, I called about 30 minutes before they closed & I asked the lady on the phone all kinds of questions about the menu & certain foods, she was so nice and didnt sound irritated at all (im sure they get lots of tourists asking all kinds of questions).  And I got the biggest piece of the most scrumptious chocolate cake ever! so good!Oh and did I mention, its a great breakfast pizza too! YUM!
4	Called for late night delivery to our offices.  Very pleasant on the phone, promised delivery in about 40 minutes.We ordered two pizzas, some entrees and drinks.The food was all pretty good (this from a picky ex-NYer) and delivery came when promised.  They threw in garlic bread and extra salad dressing too.  Entrees seemed like a small container but about halfway through, we were full.We'd order again from them (and probably will).  One minor nitpick - they forgot utensils, but we found some.
4	Good spaghetti.  I like to take it home and enjoy it there.
4	i love the pizza here they give plenty of cheese and toppings,not the healthiest food but when i need something that taste awesome i go order the 8.99 one topping carry out pizza usually with chicken or beef
2	I ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich from here which is pretty hard to mess up but they put too much mayo on it and the chicken wasn't all that good either. I also ordered mozzarella sticks and I took a small bite didn't want to touch the rest they look disgusting and they were also cold. On another note they did manage to deliver the food in a timely manner. Probably won't be ordering from here again though. Disappointed.
5	Great prices, walking distance from me!
3	I've been trying to find a delicious pizza place on the southwest side for a while now and it just so happens that Prima is right around the corner from my place.Prima is casual, yet taste upscale and I can't even begin to tell you how good their chicken wings are. The right amount of crunch and size. I recommend the chef special: the hot and BBQ mix.(that was my review from my first time there)After a few more visits my rating went from a 5 to 3 - the wings the 2nd time were terrible. They tasted old and were drenched in sauce and to top it off - the worker there was a complete 180 from the first experience. It was like a whole new restaurant. Overall it's okay, the pizza is still good, but the experience has been a bit inconsistent.
4	Prima has a friendly staff, great pizza, and fresh ingredients. You can get a large cheese pizza for $8.99, with $1.50 toppings. That's about the same price as a DiGiorno. They also have giant salads, which are easily split between two people.
3	Had a pizza and garlic cheeses bread. Not the worst not the best.
4	Nice little place with great good. Have yet to try the pizza but the pasta was great with large servings that can function as family style servings. We had the chicken Parmesan and Albanian chicken. Delicious! The employees are very pleasant and Tiffany took great care of us. It is a bit hidden and can be difficult to find. The directions generated through yelp on my phone told me it on the opposite side of the street where a housing tract is. This cafe is located on the east side of Jones behind a convenience store. Try it out. I was pleasantly surprised and will no longer ignore the menu fliers for delivery that show up on the porch.
4	Pretty solid pizza on all counts: good thin crust, tasty sauce, real cheese. I like my pie a little more well done than they usually cook theirs but that is not a big deal at all. Definitely the best pie in the SW. The staff are also all super friendly.
1	Start of our adventure on 2/4/13 at 8. No bottled water, no ice, no mushrooms, lack of attentive service, 30 minutes and still waiting. How are you even in business ? I honestly think fire the owner, or change out managment.
3	So far so good! I didn't feel like leaving the house so I wanted to order a pizza from a place that delivers. The options are very limited in Southern Highlands. Thanks to Yelp, I called Prima Pizza & Cafe and found out they delivered to my area.I ordered an 18 inch Pesto Chicken Pizza, with tax and delivery charge it came out to roughly $21. Not too bad. They said the pizza would be delivered in 45 minutes. The order came on time and the pizza smelled so appetizing!I liked the crust and loved that the pizza came with fresh tomato and big chunks of chicken. I would've preferred more pesto sauce, but otherwise, I was very happy with my order. I would definitely order from here again.
4	Excellent lasagna, amazing sauce.  Hard to find though so keep an eye out for it. Definitely trying more from prima!
4	When I do not feel like cooking, I look adoringly at my husband and ask, "Prima tonight?" He sometimes counter with "Why not Dominos?" (he's a cheapskate) but most of the time, Prima wins the battle. I very much enjoy their Buffalo Chicken Pizza. Prima's was the first I've had of the type, and while I've ventured out and tried many others -- nothing is like there's.The giant chicken pieces, the right blend of sauce and cheese - I'm a big fan.Husband loves the stomboli pinwheels, the regular stromboli and calzones (funny enough he still doesn't know the difference between the two).We both like their philly cheesesteaks. While it's not life-changing, it definitely gets top marks for a delivery establishment.There have been some items that we won't order again (a lot of the pastas like the chicken picatta, francese) and stay away from their fries it's not even worth the buck.Also, we weren't big fans of some of the pizzas - the mexican on, the alfredo pizza... we just stick with what we know is great.Their delivery service is pretty consistent. We've never waited longer than 45 minutes and usually get the food within 30 minutes.We've never had a problem. Would recommend to anyone looking for an alternative to the popular pizza delivery chains.
4	I love this place! I've had their pizza, salads, and pastas and they are  all so yummy. When I eat in or pick up the staff is always so nice. Sometimes I walk my dog over ( I live right down the road) and they'll bring him water and some snacks. Their marinara sauce is kind of sweet which I love. The mozzarella they use in their caprese salad is so fresh. I'm a huge fan of tiramisu and theres is the best I've had in a long time. The only bad thing I can say is they took garlic knots off their menu!! They were delish and I hope they bring them back!!
5	Some local shitty pizza place put a flyer on my door, and I almost called them tonight before I checked their reviews on Yelp.  They were a 2*.  So I did a search for local pizza places with delivery, and Prima came up.Called them up and asked if they had a minimum.  No minimum, so I ordered a medium White Pizza.  They told me 30-45 minutes, and the guy was at my door in less than 30.  And my apartment is hard to find!Pizza was good, loaded with all the cheese I was looking forward to.  Definitely not the best pizza I've ever had, but it was pretty high up there in delivery pizza options at a reasonable price.Thanks, Prima!
4	Our Thursday night ritual is pizza at home. New to this part of town, we have tried all the chain pizza places for delivery. Last night we decided to try a more mom and pop type of place. I placed the phone order after browsing the menu on Prima Pizza's website. The person who took my order was friendly. The pizza arrived in the allotted 40 minute time frame that was given. The delivery driver was extra pleasant. We were surprised to find crushed peppers and Parmesan packs in the pizza boxes-- SCORE! My vegetarian pizza was colorful and filled with veggies. My bf's pepperoni pizza was a bit greasy, but that is to be expected with meat AND cheese. I felt like Prima's pizza was made with love, not just another order that needed to be filled. I think this will be our pizza place on Thursday nights. Gotta go, my left over pizza is done warming up- :)
3	Ninja Edit: I tried them again. Had a great experience. Original score was a 2 I upgraded them to a 3. Try the wings.Original PostI have ordered from Prima Pizza half a dozen times now. All but this last experience was enjoyable. This review covers what just happened 20 minutes ago. I stop in and order the 12" Prima Pizza. The pizza that holds the name of the establishment. After a 1 minute drive home I find that my pizza has turned to soup. All the toppings slid off and I am left with one quarter of an edible pizza. I packed up my pizza soup and promptly returned it. To their credit they refunded my money without any fuss. I would suggest people give this place a try. Just be sure to check your product before you walk out the door.
4	The stars are mostly for the excellent service. Delivery was super fast, staff was courteous and the online menu made ordering easy. The food, however... Eh, it's ok, no big deal, but not bad either.
1	I ordered here based on location (I live 2m away walking distance) and the decent reviews on Yelp. Don't waste your money here. I ordered a large pepperoni and cheese pizza. As soon as I got home, picked up a slice and everything just started coming off the pizza. Quality of the food isn't good, will never come back. I rather go to Little Caesars and get me a large pepperoni for $5 and taste 10x better!
5	Outstanding Italian Food.& Pizza! They have take-out or eat in. Haven't had anything that I didn't enjoy. Highly recommended.
2	My girlfriend took me here because she really likes the pizza.  It's okay for the price but "you get what you pay for".  She likes it because the crust is doughy.  I don't like it because the toppings are grocery store quality.This is a small place kind of hidden away.  We went on a Saturday night and the place was empty.  It was 60 degrees outside and they had entry double doors propped wide open making it really cold inside.  I only think they did this to cool it off for the cooks (but they are not busy cooking anything) but it goes to show you they'd rather make themselves comfortable at the cost of the customers.  Also, as we sat and tried to enjoy our pizza we could hear the loud lady that took our order dropping F bombs in a conversation she was having with another coworker.  Not Professional at all.
4	Best Chicken Parm sandwich I have had in years. We ordered the Chicken Parm sandwich and the Hot Italian Sausage and both were phenomenal. The first thing I noticed when the delivery guy, nice fellow, handed me the food was the weight, these are some substantial sandwiches. The only thing I have to say negative is I told them on the phone to go easy on the marina and if this was easy I hate to see what normal looks like. I ended up taking most of hte sauce off with a spoon so it wouldnt turn the bread into mush. The bread itself tasted and felt like it was freshly baked and was easily as good as the contents, the chicken appeared to be the real deal not the composted chiken patties some places try to pass off and the sausages were whole links not the ground up bits I have had from other places. All in all two thumbs up on their sandwichs, low cost great value and delivered hot and tasty. We will repeat in the future.
1	Stay away from the pasta! I ordered their Angelhair Alfredo Chicken for lunch to go since there isn't much variety in the industrial area nearby. It grossed me out so bad. There was a piece of fat and nerve covered with sauce that I didn't notice wasn't actually meat. It was disgusting to take a bite into a weird nerve and have it squirt grease into my mouth! OMG just typing this is making me sick of re-living the moment. The sauce wasn't really alfredo either. Maybe their pizza is better but the lack of quality control on trimming the chicken turns me away from this place. I think this is the first place I have ever given one star! Ruined my lunch and rest of my work day because I was hungry after the disgust had passed. Wasted $11 and time to pick it up.
4	one of my favorites pizzeria around las vegas. i come by and get my warm meal from this place. i bring my family in here too when i have the chance and they also love the food and service.
5	I've ordered from here for a while. Pretty quick delivery, great service, and I recommend the pesto pizza! The crust isn't thick, it's perfectly thin and soft and crunchy! And food is always consistently good.
5	So delicious ! Just got an 18" pep delivered and so glad we did. The dough is perfection, nice thin pizza. Totally NY style!
1	Prima's pizza is decently priced, but it is so bland and GREASY!  I would rather buy something from the grocery store if I just wanted some cheap pizza.
5	Hands down best food in town. I've tried everything on the menu and it all is better than the rest. My favorite is the meatball pizza with onion and oregano.
3	When Prima first opened, there was nothing on their menu that was bad. Everything was on point and that's what kept us coming back. However, the food hasn't been on point recently, they've often get our orders wrong, they've discontinued a few items on the menu. We've slowly been weening away.  We wish they weren't falling off of their game.
1	The atmosphere here is terrible! No music playing, no tvs no literature to read and whoever the guy with the blonde hair and go is just sits in the corner on his laptop. He did get up to take my order when I got here but his social skills are the worst! I had to ask him to repeat himself at least twice because he doesn't annunciate. The calzone wasn't anything to write home about either.
2	He's a rude motherphucker!!  lol  Seriously, doesn't know how to say hello to his customers or acknowledge a "thank you".  I'll use him in a pinch, but there is so much better pizza out there from people that at least attempt to be personal.  Anywho, it's cheap if you carry out.  Otherwise, go somewhere else.
5	I don't review often but have to give credit where credit is due.... these are good people and some of the best pizza anywhere!!
2	This pizza is really not my style (it has that extra greasy NY pizza appeal), but my boyfriend really likes the way they do their garlic pizza. HOWEVER, this place has dreadful customer service and is very unprofessional. Upon calling in an order the phone has been answered with "Sup", "Yeah", and other various mumbles. There have been sighs, grunts and grumbles when asking about specials or pricing. No names are taken. You are not greeted when walking in. No one here even pretends to give a hoot about the customer. A business can't run based on product quality alone, especially if it only appeals to a certain crowd. I hope someone realizes that they need put more care into this place or it's doomed.
5	I absolutely love this place. I order delivery from here 1-2 times a week (don't judge lol) and I have never once been disappointed. I have tried various pizzas and my favorites are the Prima pizza as well as the garlic chicken. Before I moved to this area I used to order from your average Pizza Hut and after experiencing Prima multiple times I wouldn't even think about getting it from somewhere else. As a die hard pizza fan, this place definitely has my stomach.
5	Their white pizza is legit amazinggggg!!  Quick, efficient delivery service here.  We'll be ordering more often for sure!  Great products for a great price.
4	"Home made"  this is used on menus more than it should be. In this case it is justified. The cheese sticks and chicken fingers are home made. They weren't great but anyplace that puts in the effort gets points in my book. Now as for the pizza..... I'll break it down into 3 parts Toppings. The meat balls are delicious and may be homemade as well. And I love that they use sausage crumbles not the processed chunks most other places do.  We got a philly steak and feta pizza as well and it was amazing.  The crust here is nice and thin with a crispy bottom. New York style and delicious. I absolutely love the sauce here it's a thin sauce with strong hints of garlic and basil.  Prima's is currently my favorite pizza in vegas.
4	Everything my wife and I have tried here was really good. From the pizza to the fried ravioli.  They deliver quickly and the price is fair. The only reason they get four star's is because of the marinara.  A little to sweet for me, but still not bad. I recommend this place.
3	Not terrible but not worth while.  The times I came here were satisfying my hunger, but not my taste buds as much as I'd like.  At times in the early afternoon I've noticed a huge laziness from particular employees.  So the process of cooking the food felt rushed and thus my food, as a result, not as delectable and dry.   The pizza is pretty good, and so are some of their pastas.  If you're in the area and have tried everything but Prima, try it out.
