1	I really hate this branch of Pita Jungle.  I think this is due to the college-age hippie stoner slackers that dominate the staff.  I eat at the Pita Jungle in Scottsdale often and love it - worthy of at least 4 stars.  The Tempe branch - yikes.  Bad bad sloooooooooooooooooooow service. Maybe I am being overly harsh but my last experience here was so bad I actually walked out of the restaurant without eating my meal or paying.  After sitting there for over an hour, they managed to serve me the same cold plate of food twice (it was supposed to be hot).  And it wasn't  even that fact that I got served cold food twice that really ticked me off.  It was that no one there - not even the manager - seemed to give a shit.  Unacceptable.
4	The food is... ok. But the waitress are *hot*
4	the food is excellent but the waiters and waittresses need to get fired. some standouts on the menu are the hummus app, the greek platter (hummus, pita, and all that other stuff everyone knows but can't pronounce), the chicken wrap thing and the gigantor fruit salad. make sure you don't go on a friday night with a group of  8, otherwise you'll have to wait 45 minutes only to be sqozen into a table for 4.
4	I love Pita Jungle's food. It's delicious! But I have to agree with the other reviewers about the service being terrible. It seems to have improved recently, but I still think referring to it as the  "hipster Hooters" is a pretty accurate description. Lots of eye candy (if you dig mostly emaciated shaggy-haired 20-somethings in tight pants), not much service skill at all. I'm glad they finally expanded their space, they've been needing to do that for a while. So, if you want to eat some awesome food and take all night doing it (because your server is practically ignoring you), Pita Jungle is a great place to go!
4	Jump on the Pita Jungle bandwagon!!! The food is definitely worth it!! There really isn't much else to say, but the food is great! Oh and the atmosphere is awesome, servers are great and if you are feeling up to it you can eat outside.  Hummus is great and the pitas are well put together. BTW - Two people can have beverages, appetizers and meals for about 20$....not that I am cheap, but I am a college student. Nice deal in my book!
3	Food is good and cheap but they overkill the taste of their special platters. Sometimes simple food is a good and healthy choice. I prefer their wrap instead of other stuff in the menu.
3	yep, it's certainly a vegan hooters, lots of eye candy, not a lot to offer service wise. what is up with that? there are plenty of non mush-headed hipster types who would probably love to work there. but i guess they have such a following management doesn't care? too bad.anyway, food is pretty good --i love the chicken pasta salad (order with added feta and extra dressing) or the macro platter-- but not to die for. if you're super in to hummus and falafel and the like, then try King Tuts, Sabuddy, Haji Baba or Oasis...all serve the same type of food more authentically and are all within 5 miles of this place.if i'm seriously craving this food, i usually order pick up (be sure to check your food before you leave, as everyone has mentioned, they seriously suck at their jobs, and nothing's worse than getting home to find you have hummus and no pita, or pasta salad with no dressing). and they also deliver! no kidding, it takes forever and like i said, you're probably going to get screwed out of something...but if you absolutely can't get out of bed, this is the best hangover food ever.
2	I'll be honest. I don't like this place at all. its not that good if you ask me. And not that cheap either. I know there are plenty who like this place, but I think one can do plenty better. When I went in the hosts/hostesses were occupying the entirety of the bar allowing only seating at the tables.  If you could manage to pull one of the twits out of the circle you can get waited on, depending on what your standards of waited on are.
3	I will only add to the many reviews saying that the service here is pretty terrible, but the food is pretty good.  But I will add that I went to the Pita Jungle location in Scottsdale and received better service.  Still not great, but better.Their falafel plate is great, the honey pasta salad is good but easily made at home, and their hummus is reliable but again, I could make this at home and not be ignored by indifferent servers as I wait 20 minutes for my check.
5	The Tempe Pita Jungle is basically a who's who of the local music scene. When I was dining on my lunch break this afternoon, I counted 10 musicians in the restaurant from Valley bands. It's also the Casey Moore's of restaurants -- meaning you'll probably run into someone you know there 9 times out of 10. And the food is amazing. The hummus is delicious and the Pita Pizza, which is topped with lettuce, hearty tomatoes and feta cheese over a pita, is out of this world. The service can be spotty but it's worth it for the food.
4	As others have already said - great food, bad service...The atmosphere is nice - work from local artists decorate the walls and seating is nice. Since they expanded into the neighbor space, it has gotten nicer I think. The servers are all thin and hot and odd... they look like models in some sort of trance. I think they're in some sort of cult as well - it's apparently one of the tougher jobs to get since it's such a tight crew... and once you get it, you keep it for awhile. I've known a few people who worked there and they said the others were very tight and strange. I can imagine. When I was younger, I dreamed about dating one of the hot waitresses.  *sigh*They are also somewhat spaced out and the service here is pretty bad more often than not. On the other hand - this place is often packed because it's so popular, so it's probably pretty difficult to be a server there since it's so busy. I tend to overlook the service being bad... it's not terrible. I mean, they aren't rude or anything and they're nice to look at.Their tofu isn't always great and neither is their chicken, but most of the time everything is delicious. They carry a tasty selection of wines as well. I've eaten here hundreds of times over the past decade or so, and I doubt I'll stop eating there any time soon. It is among my top 10 places to eat in the valley for sure.
1	found a hair in my food.maybe a hairnet or two might help.The outdoor seating is really sidewalk seating next to the parking lot and cars.Would vote lower if the option were available.
3	I enjoy the juicy, succulent taste of murder, but I've also got friends that would skin me if I took them to a steak house. To avoid compromising the values of my veggie friends by forcing them to make me man meat, it's always best to choose a place with plenty of greens on the menu. Pita Jungle is the perfect harmony between flesh renders and herbivores. And it doesn't just have the "hold the chicken" type vegg friendly option on the menu, it's got lentils and shit.Now, since we've already established that I live under rocks, you can just go ahead and assume I've never been to Pita Jungle. What can I say, the grub hunting was good. But after my first visit you can bet your skinny little vegan ass I'll be noshing right next to you on a regular basis. The restaurant has apparently expanded twice since it's been open and it was still hoppin' last night, with an open, airy feel and interesting artwork decorating the walls. We hovered over the seating section booth thingy and were told to go ahead and steal any open seat we liked. Some may find this annoying and unorganized, but I really like it when they let me do that part of their job for them, so we snagged a table for two right next to the window so I could watch some dog TV, which was showing a tig old biddy sorority girl special based on the number of perky young freshman coming and going in the parking lot. (Side note: Big old windows are like big screen dog TVs because dogs don't watch human TV, they keep track of the cats trotting through their territory and bark at the mailman and monitor the comings and goings of the neighborhood through windows. At least in my experience. I'll be sitting there glued to the tube and the dogs will be sitting there glued to the window. End tangent. Thanks for your patience.)Others have complained about the poor service at this location, but surprise (sarcasm) Mr. Man ends up knowing the waiter assigned to our section, so we were promptly rewarded with menus and drinks. Not that I would have even noticed the wait since I was agape, trying to take in everything offered on a menu that just wouldn't quit. Eventually I grabbed hold of my indecision and narrowed it down to three options, the black bean burger, the lavosh shawarma wrap, or the Caribbean salad. We agreed that not having hummus simply wasn't an option so I went with the shawarma so I could pep it up with some left over hummus, and I really dig lavosh because it reminds me of saltines, which I don't really like that much, but are scrumptious in flatbread form. Mr. Man decided upon the grilled vegetable salad, because if you've ever met him, he really needs to watch his boyish figure (again, sarcasm).We ordered an extra pita for the hummus, which was overkill and we didn't even end up touching it because the "small hummus" ended up being freakin' huge and the pita was sized to match. It was smooth and creamy, and garnished with two of my favorite vegetables (or whatever an olive technically is), cucumbers and kalamata olives! My one gripe about the entire meal was that my chicken was overly dry and a smidgen bland, but the hummus more than made up for that lack in flavor. The side Greek salad that came with my wrap was also stupendous, with a hefty amount of feta and a delicious, light vinaigrette to counter that richness. Mr. Man's grilled vegetable salad was also very well done, with crisp veggies, lots of garlic and an awesome dressing. And this delish bounty of fresh, healthy food came to 20 bucks between the two of us and left us with enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow. I'll definitely be coming here again, and frequently, so I can get my daily dose of granola crunching hippies, sorority sisters, cooler than thou hipsters and SUV driving yuppies with their childrens all in one place. Unheard of!
4	Enjoy great Med food, Pita Jungle is not known for its service but for the great food.  Also don't forget that just because you have been to one Pita Jungle does not mean there all the same/
3	When I really think about it, I don't know how many stars to give Pita Jungle.  It is basic Mediterranean food; the chicken can be dry; the amount of garlic is often overwhelming (it will ooze out of your pores for a solid 24 hours).  The wait staff can seem a little...Berkley college student.  All of that said, when the food is good, it is some of the most flavorful, healthy, comfort food you'll have in the valley.  The portions are generous and the prices are certainly affordable.  There's also something about Pita Jungle, something you can't put your finger on, something that will bring you back even after a stinky Greek salad w/ very dry chicken.
4	They make a delicious falafel sandwich. Definitely the best in the downtown Tempe area.
4	You know a restaurant is good when people flock to it despite light rail construction and its screamingly awkward location amongst Planned Parenthood, a tattoo parlor, a bartender school and Filiberto's. The rent must be wicked cheap.I love the hummus here; both the plain and roasted red pepper are so good. It is the smoothest and most flavorful I've ever had. The Greek salad is good and the pitas are always warm and fresh. I hate a dry pita. Oh, and their passion fruit tea is great.The chicken shwarma (sp?) pita is my favorite, coming in at a mere $6. They use the same chicken for the pitas as they do the hummus and chicken and chicken on salads. It's "roasted" or something that sounds fancy and appealing. Regardless, it's amazingly juicy and flavorful. Did I just say flavorful again? Indeed.Since I'm a carnivore, I wish they had an actual gyro on the menu or some other meats besides chicken and fish. I respect their green-ness, so I'll just continue to get my chicken pita.Parking is a nightmare at lunch, which is the only time I seem to go. With only 30 spots for the aforementioned businesses, the shopping strip can get crazy. Go before noon to secure a position.
4	This place serves two of my favorite things, the pesto lavosh turkey wrap and jalapeno cilantro hummus. I can't remember the last time I ordered anything else. I've never experienced bad service, but I tend to go at off times....much less these days now that Stinkweeds has moved, since that used to be half the allure of eating at Pita. The food is reliable, I like their beer and wine selection so that gets three stars, and it gets one more because you can take your dog if you sit outside. The only downside is that they can't serve alcohol if you're seated out there.
5	Pita Jungle has been (for years) my favorite restaurant.  I love a lot of restaurants, but Pita really has my heart.  If you want wonderful food, good service, pretty art to look at - stop in at any of their 4 locations.  I suggest the chicken schwarma with no pickles.  Mmmmm!
4	The chicken pasta salad and chicken shawarma can't be beat, and the prices are very reasonable. Fruit & cheese plate is good, too. I miss this place and its Euro charm. XO, Pita Jungle.
3	There isn't much to add other than to emphasize slower and crappier service compared to their other locations.  It's amazing how moody, posing hipster servers can wreck an otherwise good restaurant.  Pita Jungle's food is still delicious and insanely cheap for lunch or dinner, and I will continue to go back again and again.  The tartness of the cilantro jalapeno hummus can work wonders on an otherwise annoying day.During my last visit my lunch buddy and I marveled at:A) how this location is much more Tempe-ish in dcor and atmosphere.  B) how skilled our server was at being so disaffected (a definite Hipster Olympics contender) as she tried to look emotionless to everyone equally.An easily 4 star place - sinking to 3 for service.  I'll take the Arcadia Pita Jungle over Tempe's any day.
5	There are many reasons to totally love Pita Jungle:  great food, cheap food, fresh food, and for those that go the Tempe location, hot girls.  First, the food.  Everything here is super fresh and there is a wide variety of things to try.  I've had just about everything on the menu, and so far I highly recommend the pizzas, the black bean burger, and the Philly chicken pita.  The hummus here is also very good and I get it every time I come here.  Some of my friends say it is a bit "yogurty," but I've always found it very tasty.  And this may just be a little thing that I like, but the iced tea here is that passion fruit kind, which really makes me a happy boy.  And for those of you that enjoy some "scenery" while you are dining, the Tempe location is full over hot coeds there for a quick, cheap, healthy bite to eat.  I have not found any variation in the food quality at all the different locations, so stop on by any one of them for a great healthy meal.  Great for take-out as well.
4	Let's get the ugly part out of the way first: The staff simply creeped me out with their questionable ways (includes demeanor, attire, and attitude).Besides that, I loved it. I ate here three times, drunk all three times. It was a business trip; give me a break. The food is authentic and reasonably priced. Worth mentioning is the side dish of choice, garlic mashed potatoes. They even have some relatively obscure beers, which makes me happy. It was clearly worth my repeated patronage.
4	Great Mediterranean Food and a perfect spot for lunch.This place is crazy during lunch, but it's a big place and it looked like the tables turned pretty quickly.  I opted to get take out and it was ready in about 10 minutes without having to call ahead.  I got a chicken wrap and the hummus which I shall save and continue to consume until it's gone.
5	Americanized Mediterranean food... and delicious!!!! So healthy, too. I've been going to PJ for over 10 years and have tried almost everything on the menu but love the jalapeno hummos, chicken shwarma lavosh wrap, the honey mustard chicken pizza... The servers are kindda strange... they're mostly hippies or grungy people with a bit of an attitude but always professional and polite! Still, they coooould appear a little neater but I guess this has become part of the PJ experience. The one on Apache is where I have frequented most but the one off Ray Rd is right on the water so it's a nice place to sit out on the evenings or for a late lunch!Service is usually quick and everything is tasty.. I haven't had a bad experience at this place :-)
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat!  I haven't found a single thing that I haven't liked here.  The lemon chicken pasta salad is the best and I am completely addicted to it.  The blue corn nachos are also really good and the chicken shwarma is really tasty.  If you have enough room at the end try the raspberry mango cheesecake.
2	I've been going to Pita Jungle since it opened, when you'd order at the counter (now the to-go counter) and there was no hipster staff. The place was the size of a shoe box and the food was always excellent. Something is to be said for the fact that I keep going back. Recently though, it seems like I've been chasing my own tail in that regard. The vegetarian selection and portion sizes are superb. I'll give it that. Unfortunately, the service is deplorable. I can get over the fact that they're slow...I mean, I can excuse it and not allow it to ruin my day. What's hard to get over is the fact that they rarely acknowledge it's taking forever, and/or always forget to refill drinks, and sometimes completely forget you exist when there's absolutely no one eating except you and another person at 3 PM on a Wednesday.Also, the food is very hit and miss. The Tempe location seems to have a worse track record. Sometimes the tuna salad will have 3 lbs. of tuna, enough to gag you, but only 4 slivers of lettuce. Sometimes the rice is hot, sometimes it's cold. Sometimes the dressing tastes tangy, other times it's salty. The pita burrito either could have so many onions it makes you cry, other times it has virtually none. They frequently forget to put the cucumbers in the burrito as well. It's maddening!!!!! It's as if their version of consistency is having a chef back there who's *juuuuuust* stoned enough to get the meals out in a little over an hour. Also, their to-go orders are much smaller portion sizes than when you eat-in I love the food, when it's a good day, and hence why I keep going back to achieve my fix. Every 5th time really impresses me. They have a wide vegetarian selection, pretty good hummus, and large enough portions to give you 2 meals. However the prices aren't that cheap. That coupled with inconsistent food and bad service tends to leave a bad taste in the mouth.1 star on a bad day, 4 stars on a good day.
4	Great place for the vegetarians and meat lovers alike. Mind you, I am not a connoisseur of  authentic Mediterranean food, but I really do enjoy this place. They honestly have the best Hummus I have ever tasted. My favorite main dish is the lentil fetoush salad. It is enough for 2-3 meals.
3	Ill admit I used to hate this place. The one by Shea 14 had the worst waitresses.Im talkin mega bitches. They way they acted was like a skit on SNL, unreal.I took my family there for my Moms B-day. We ordered something and the waitress brought the wrong thing.After like 30mins of waiting for her to come back we told her we odrdered something different.She was like, " No you didnt!"I was all "excuse me" "Im sure it was a misunderstanding"Thats when she said" You are just saying that to take it off the bill"WTF, WHO the F says that!!!Finally Igot a manager who took it off, we didnt even take a bite.There was a lady eating right by us and she leaned in and said she had that waitress last week and had almost the same problem.If she was a dude Id think she had royd rage.Just some skinny little bitch though.Anyway, I went back after 2 yrs. We had great service both times. I totally love the glazed chicken lavosh pizza!I had tryed the Medchilada, DONT EAT IT.Its kinda hit or miss with this place.But if you are a veg than you have horrible taste in food anyway soo Im sure itll all be good ( I say that lovingly, Im a vegetarian sometimes :) )
2	I used to love this place, but that's because I was a teenaged vegetarian without a car or the good sense to go into a restaurant that wasn't staffed by hipsters and next to a killer record store. The food is not bad, but it's so boring. They have seven ingredients, yet 45 dishes. The hummus is palatable, but by no means would it register as a "good" hummus. I used to think the fetoush salad was enough for 3 portions, too, until I realized that fetoush does not keep. The "fetoush" part of it is the delicious croutons, if I'm not mistaken. If forced to eat here again, I'd try to get someone to split that with me, with maybe the salmon. If you are eating here because you are on a diet, get the waiter to bring you cucumbers and tomato slices with your inevitable hummus or baba ghanoush order. Don't waste time on the pita pizzas, they are glorified cheese crisps, which you can get (accompanied by a good, stiff margarita) at Fez. Ordering delivery from here feels like getting robbed by a grocer, the food is so simple. Good? Bad? Eh.I do really love their stuffed grape leaves, but they are not the most popular dish (no one else I know likes them), so I would not try them unless you have a history of loving pickled/sour/savory things to your own painful detriment. Split tongue, etc.
4	I have ate at this Pita Jugnle over 100 times. I love it, I loved it when it was a one room order at the counter spot and I love its expanded full blown restaurant. The food is great, my favorites.. Baba ganoush, hummos, lavash schwarma, caribbean salad and the glazed chicken pizza. The herbal (I think passion) ice tea is also great. I read through many of these reviews and I can honestly say I have never had bad service here, I even frequent the place during lunch when it is packed and still have good service.
3	Good food, nothing really that special. Good tzatziki.This location doesn't serve gyros because of some "deal" with the Tasty Kabob restaurant in the same shopping center. I guess they're trying not to steal business from them.
4	I enjoy Pita Jungle. It's Mediterranean with out the cheesy music. It's artistic with out the snotty vibe. They use good, fresh ingredients. I've written 10 some odd reviews of this place on ten some odd directories like this and I could probably go on forever saying great things about Pita Jungle. I have only been to the one in Tempe. It's in a bit of weird spot - beside a planned parenthood, a bartending academy, and behind a Filibertos. Maybe it's the uniqueness that really captures my patronage - I really don't know. I have had a couple bad experiences here but 3 out of more times than I can count is really good. I can't give a bad review because of a couple of bad apples or a bad day.I recommend the hummus with chicken. (order extra pita, they usually only give you 2 and it's never enough) For salads, I recommend the Chicken past salad with a tangy lemon dressing. For dinner the medchilada is a tasty beast of goodness. Try it! Enjoy!
3	I used to think it was better than it actually is.  However, you will not find better quality Mediterranean food in the immediate area.  And by immediate, I mean within 2 square miles.
4	I can't believe I haven't already written a review of this place yet - it's one of my favorites. I've been coming here for years. I've sampled pretty much all their veggie options, and I loved every single one of them. Okay, maybe every single one. Not the the Curried Spinach Potato Pizza. I don't know, it just didn't work for me. But the rest I loved. My favorites: Pesto Pizza, Tuna Melt, Veggie Garden Wrap, Black Bean Burger, Veggie Burger, Macro Platter... well, I'll stop there.It's true, service can be a little slow when they're busy, but the staff is  always friendly. And I love the ever changing local artwork that covers the walls.
4	Delicious if you're an omnivore. I find many of the vegetarian dishes lacking flavor, so many times they'll just load with onions. Every flavor of hummus is awesome as well as their garlic potatoes. Their pitas ultimately are really the way to go.Oh and I personally think the service at the Apache location is typically better then the others.
4	When I am out to eat something that makes a huge difference is how they act with my odd requests. I have an extremely limited diet and with that comes some pretty odd requests. They have always been awesome with my requests of no bread, and please don't season that.I think they have the best humus I have ever had. I can't eat bread but man oh man its good with cucumbers!One recommendation is if you are getting it to go, call it in then pick it up. Take out seems to take a while.
4	So the service is better, but still with the weird aloof attitude. At least they refill the waters more often. My main reason for writing a new review is to mention that they have this amazing yellowfin burger on the menu now that comes with a delicious red pepper aioli. Man, I'm a sucker for a good aioli. The first time I had the burger (it's actually a yellowfin steak, not a ground-up patty) it was a little overdone, but then I had it... uh... a few more times..... and it was nice and pink throughout. Perfecto.
3	I used to go to Pita Jungle all the time during my college years. It used to be a great cheap option for lunch, dinner or a snack. Now that they've opened more locations it seems the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down. Service can be hit or miss at this location, sometimes you have a great server who refills your iced tea constantly and at other times you can be ignored. The cilantro jalapeno hummus is the best thing on the menu. My friends and I always order it with extra pitas. Their salads are decent, the fruit salad is the best. The pita pizza's used to be the best deal, they are still tasty but slightly more expensive. The medchilida is great for sharing. Most of their bean dishes are pretty tasty and very large. I don't know what it is about their iced tea but it is amazing and addicting.
4	Ah Pita Jungle. I've been going there for 14 years now. They served me my first hummus. I've had a number of friends who worked there over the years. The service is the only dynamic factor in my rating. I've run the gambit as far as that is concerned. Overall they are solid. If you are a dip person, try ordering a half and half order of their garlic dip and hummus. Totally worth it. Their shawarma always hits the spot. The falafel platter is the best buy for the money.
2	The service was not awesome.My falafel was mediocre. The pita was kind of cold. There was way too much lettuce on it, and the lettuce was also sliced way too big to be practical.My friend had a veggie burger with cheese, they put 1 square inch of cheese on it - what? And, it came on burnt toast? Hm.I will not be back any time soon. What a disappointment.
3	It starts with typical Mediterranean fare and ventures into something earthier.  The tastes and flavors are across the board, making it difficult to assign a star-rating; I've had 2-star dishes alongside 4-stars.  And the service can be just as variable.  Take a friend or expect to take the extras with you; the portions are sizable.  Overall, the food is a refreshing option.  I've since been to the North Scottsdale location and found it to be nearly a clone of the Tempe.  Now they're popping up all over Phoenix.  And while I haven't been "wowed", I am looking forward to the soon-to-open Desert Ridge location.
4	A hoping place with a great variety of  dishes to orderOffers Brunch, lunch and dinnerFood was good with great service.Wold just suggest to the chefs to scrub the potatoes prior to cooking them and add some spice to the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap. Nice but a bit tasteless and bland
4	Had dinner here a couple weeks ago.  I don't eat meat, so I appreciated the variety of non-meat dishes, even more vegan stuff than your average eatery.  It was a Friday night, and they were pretty busy, our party of 5 waited about 15 minutes or so.  Even though the place is in a tacky strip mall (though, I understand most of phoenix is a tacky strip mall) the inside decor was attractive and modern-cafe style.  I dug that the menu had some wines from Arizona, I like trying local stuff.  My meal was a wrap pita with a bunch of veggies, bown rice, and spices.  It had alot of flavor, and was healthy to boot.  One of my friends got the Lentil Fatoosh (sp?) salad, and holy god, was that a pile of food.  He ate dinner that night, and then the next day we both had it for lunch, and there was still some left.  I'm going to say it could have used more spices though, it was a little lacking in the flavor department.  Pretty much, good place, particularly for Vegetarians and Vegans!  Oh, P.S. that little tiny parking lot gets really full on Friday nights...
5	I was super impressed by this place, which was strongly recommended by the Accountant at my company's corporate office. It has a huge menu and is right in the middle of the college area of Tempe. The place is trendy, busy, and noisy. It was filled with college students and young professionals the night we were here. My coworker remarked at the fact that there is not one, but THREE different types of "Veggie" Hamburgers. I almost opted for the grilled portabello mushroom burger but instead decided on The Broiled Chicken Pita.First we tried a starter, hummus and pita. The pita was soft and not burned or overcooked. The hummus was really good. The chicken pita was a little over-covered in greens, but that garlic sauce made it one of the best sandwiches I have EVER had. I can't wait to come back to Phoenix -- this will be a major stop for at least one meal every time I come back!
5	fresh, reasonable, nice staff and ambiance.
3	I had high hopes coming here, but I just have never left feeling satisfied. Not a terrible place to eat, but nothing memorable. Kind of bland.
4	Have been craving the Tempe Pita Jungle for a bit now. Just miss the place...haven't been there in over a year. So, I was riding the light rail today getting some errands done and just decided...."Hey, I've got nothing to do...and the light rail stops basically right in front of Pita Jungle....so, why not?" So I rode the light rail into Tempe and got off at the Dorsey station, walked across the street, and there I was.I ordered the chicken schwarma (sp?) pita sandwich and a side of the green beans and an iced tea. And literally the food was served within two minutes....I swear. Food was still great tasting and great quality. I've always loved the green beans there.....reminds me of something my mother used to make. They are served cold....but they are SO good. I think it brings back childhood memories.....AKA comfort food.Love the vibe of the place....with the cool cross-section of Tempe patrons that visit the place and all the great artwork on the walls. Glad it's on the light rail line which adds convenience. Great place to enjoy some great food in a great atmosphere.
4	Delicious food. Fairly expensive though. This Pita can get pretty cramped when its busy. But i still love it!
4	I love their hummus. It's like none other. They're not expensive for a sit-down restaurant. Pitas are HUGE... exceptional flavor, but typical combination of ingredients on most items.The best part: it's right off of the light rail!!
4	Good for after the rock gym when you are hungry and look like hell, a nice lunch, or dinner with family or visiting guests. Very inexpensive, HUGE portions, fresh, healthy, lots for vegetarians, i never notice the service, love it. I sat here one rainy Sunday with my sister and talked for countless hours while we drank chai teas and coffee. The wine bottles are overpriced, but they let us re-cork and take home what we did not drink.
5	This has been a fave of mine since they were a teeny, rectangular spot on Apache.  I have been so happy to see how much they have grown and the success they have enjoyed and that they STILL make awesome, healthy - so YUMMY food!  The hummus & taboulleh combo is killer - the chicken schwarma is super good - I love the Mediterranean platter... and the fatoosh salad is way too yummy to be that healthy!
4	Wow, where do I start. I miss this place.... The Hummus is the best!The pizza is great!The Wraps are to die for!!!!!!The ONLY thing here I do not enjoy here are the falafels. I wish they had there out here in LA, maybe one day:)
5	Amazing!!! Love it. Hummus is the best.
3	I've been back to this Pita Jungle quite a few times. Service has gotten considerably better and for that, I'm thankful. However, they still fail when it comes to putting out consistent food. I don't understand why this keeps happening. It's unfortunate because Pita Jungle is SO GOOD when it's consistent, and I really want to go here all the time, but when food comes out different every time I can't spend my money here.I thought I had a good thing going when I went on a Friday and Saturday evening. The service was excellent & the food was totally fantastic - 5 stars. Alas, these experiences tricked me into believing they had improved so I came back on a weekday during a non peak time. I ordered the same thing I did over the weekend- a chicken shwarma wrap. This time it was perfect too! I thought to myself, "Thank god, now I can start coming back here regularly." So I came back on another weekday, same time, and the chicken shwarma was all wrong. Here's what was wrong:Not enough lettuceNot enough vegetablesNot enough garlic sauceNot enough tahiniThe wrap was this little measly thing with about half the amount of dressings and veggies as when I got it the last few times. Wtf? I seriously thought I was going crazy so I came back the following week and ordered the same thing, thinking maybe it was just an off day. Nope. The same thing happened- except this time it has even less tahini and sauce. Seriously, these shwarma's don't taste half as good without a fair amount of garlic sauce and tahini. When I got it the first few times, every bite had sauce. This time, I could barely even taste it. So at this point, I asked my waiter for extra sauces and when I got the bill I found out he charged me! The thing that sucked is I didn't look at the receipt until after he swiped my card. Otherwise I would have mentioned it.I guess I should have complained to him straight up that the pita wrap tasted like crap, then maybe he wouldn't have charged me. It was still really annoying. Both those things were $0.75 each! I was not happy!I'm giving this place an extra star because the servers have finally become attentive and now I know never to come on a weekday and only on the weekends!
5	I love this place. The service used to suck but their bigger space has really changed things. I LOVE the lentil fatoosh salad and the schwarma sandwich. SOOOO good. The tangy dressing in the salad is so amazing and the garlicy sauce on the sandwich is making my mouth water.  The chicken hummus is also awesome.
4	I had an outrageously delish lentil fetoush salad here the other night with only 15 minutes to eat. Oops, I was late.What a contrast between this location and the one in Arcadia. It was a Wednesday night. ASU must have been between sessions and it was nearly empty. The decor is what? modern rustic? Is that a theme? It was also a bit dark, possibly a bit dirtier. The gentleman who brought our dishes had a bandaged hand/wrist - how sanitary is that?I imagine if I came a different time, it would have a much different vibe and the food would be just as great. I love pita jungle. They have great choices and great tasting food, the staff is nice and service is quick.
3	I liked this place well enough.  More so than anything else, the fact that four of us spent only $60 for a filling meal will lead me to come here again.  However, in thinking about what to write, nothing about this place really came to mind, which is why I'm inclined to give it 3 stars rather than 4.  And, the fact that our server seemed to be annoyed by my 11-month old nephew's presence at the table will lead me to keep looking for other restaurants.  So, if I find a better pita/middle eastern place in Tempe, then I will likely go to that other place, but in the interim I'm happy to go to pita jungle to get decent middle-eastern food.  No big complaints, but really nothing memorable.(I will update this post if/when I go back and try more dishes.  Two of the other three persons I dined with greatly enjoyed their food and would likely rate the place higher than I do, but, well, this is just *my* two cents.)
5	I could eat at this place daily. I love love love their greek salad and the turkey pesto lavosh. The hummus is really good too. I find that the service is always pretty good, although when its super busy it can be spotty (understandably). I really enjoy the art that they feature in the restaurant and the overall laid back feel of the restaurant.
5	Pita Jungle is easily one of my all time favorite restaurants. The dark, candle-lit atmosphere and the local artwork that is featured makes for a really chill place to have a delicious dinner.  I personally love the broiled chicken pita, a simple chicken pita with a little extra flavor. The hummus and chicken is also really tasty. They also have really good iced-tea. The place usually is pretty busy, but I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes to be seated and their service is always quick. This is the perfect place to go whether with a group of good friends or on a date.
5	Cute little place near ASU. Came here with a friend and we were super hungry so I'm glad that the portions are large. I ordered the mediterranean roasted chicken pita and it was SO good! The chicken was juicy and perfectly seasoned. I had to take out a few chunks of chicken because it was just too much food. The pickles added a great flavor. Not sure where their pickles come from but give me a jar! I wish the pita had more tahini sauce and less red onion. I wasn't all that impressed with their regular hummus. I thought it had too much garlic. The service was quick and friendly. It was a cool & casual place great for chilling with friends. They also have some cool art on the wall. The only down side is that they have a one stall bathroom but they have a lot of postcards and flyers on a shelf that you can read as you wait. If I lived near here I would definitely come here often!
4	When I find a place that serves healthier food I'm all over it and this place has it all! They feature brown rice,beans and grilled chicken...which is all part of my my healthy diet. I ordered the Chicken Combo Platter and was pleasantly surprised when they brought out this huge portion of chicken,mixed beans and brown rice which included a side of pita and the most delicious hummus I've ever had!(I couldn't even finish it) I use to make fun of restaurants that served a healthier cuisine and would get upset when my friends would drag me to eat at places like this...feeling like I am being tortured because I didn't have my greasy,deep fried meal that I was accustomed too lol.But ever since I started eating healthy,finding Pita Jungle is a "God Send" and I'll be coming back on a regular basis.
5	Jalepeno and cilantro hummus is soooooo good.  Good iced tea, good pita pizzas, all of its healthy as well as delicious too!  They even have a couple of great "normal" items for less daring diners such as the Philly Chicken Pita.
4	just returned from the Jungle.  Solid as always.  Busy too.  Today I started with a cup of the Turkish Lentil soup.  It was OK.  A bit bland, but hey, it is lentil soup.The main dish was the cilantro and jalapeno hummus with Taboule salad.  The hummus was great, and the Taboule salad was soooo much better than what I got a Sprouts last week.The only real knock was how long my food took.  It had to have been about 15 minutes to get the main dish.  The people next to me seemed to get theirs in about 5.  But, it was worth waiting for and Cristina the server was very nice.I'll see you soon Pita Jungle.
5	If i have to pick a favorite, this is it.
3	I'd eaten at this location dozens of times until I started going to other Pita Jungle locations. This Pita Jungle has less then desirable service and the food is not as good as it is at other locations. However, I LOVE the hummus!On the flip side, they have the best art at this location.I always thought they should utilize their space a little more by having an open mic night, or just local musicians playing in the corner.
3	Not my favourite location, but I love this place so it's hard to make myself rate it low.Wait, no it isn't.Let's face it: service here isn't as friendly or fast. Our waitress wasn't bad but the rest had attitude written all over their faces. Lots of local art, pretty cool. More space in this one is a plus, and it was quieter. Also the food is not nearly as good. I had the falafel pita, which I haven't had before. It was dry because the tahini on it was such a small amount it was hardly noticeable. It was a disappointment and I've had falafel pitas of higher quality and better taste from a stand in a mall. I'll keep my business at Indian School... Sorry Tempe PJ!
5	I definitely have to say this one of my cheap favorite restaurant around.  I can spent $6 (including tip) and get a decent size plate of DELICIOUS hummus and a pita.  I would have to say this beats going to some fatty hamburger joint.  So all those people that are sick of eating MD's try this joint.Pita jungle is a relaxed restaurant atmosphere to come chill with your friends.  The employees are friendly, food is great, and several cute waitresses =).
3	I had a lunch date here today, and initially was not happy with her choice of restaurants. The first time I had Pita Jungle, I was not impressed and wondered why everyone raved about it. I ordered the sample platter and it was filled with things I didn't know and I was not pleased, especially when my friend's pizza looked so good. Today's friend indicated she loved Pita Jungle and had been craving it, so I followed her lead and ordered something more reasonable. We started with a cilantro-jalapeno hummus and it was very good! We each also ordered the glazed chicken lavosh pizza, which was huge! Really we could have shared one pizza, but the benefit was she could take some home to her son. The lavosh bread provided a nice crust different from traditional pizza. She tells me it reheats well - bonus!The one thing that was a downer for me is something that happens to me constantly. As you can see from my pictures and reading prior reviews, I am not a small dude. Regardless of the restaurant or the person I am with they love to cram me in the smallest possible tables.  This was no exception. A small table for two, but with the hummus, the water, the plate for the bread - there was little room for two plates of pizza. I really disliked being cramped at the table. The place was busy, but had open seats - some of which would be more accommodating .
3	Convenient location to ASU. Many choices for vegetarians. The children enjoy cheese pitas. The hummus sampler is our favorite. Lunch on weekdays is a nightmare. It's a good choice for vegetarian biz clients.
3	I'd give Pita Jungle 3.5 stars.  My wife loves this place. I enjoy the food, but not quite as much as she does.  The cost of an entree is very reasonable and you get a pretty large portion of food. I've had the chicken platter both times I've gone. The chicken was excellent, cooked well, tender and seasoned perfectly. I'm not a big fan of the beans you get with the meal, decent but not great.The hummus and pita bread is very good. Service has always been very good.
5	one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix. best hummus i've ever had.
4	This place is deeelicous! It's a nice little restaurant that seems to be packed all the time.  The pricing is pretty decent for the amount of food given.  The boyfriend an I always start with their hummus which is absolutely amazing...but they only give you one piece of pita unless you ask for more. We also have tried the roasted bell pepper hummus which was also good but didn't wow me as much as the regular hummus.The boyfriend and I usually come by if we a light dinner or a snack with some wine.  We usually grab some hummus and the broiled chicken salad (YUM!) The food is extremely healthy and fresh which is always a plus for meAnyhow, definitely worth stopping by!
2	Pita Jungle is the McDonald's of middle eastern food. If you want the real, yummy deal walk your poseur ass across the street over to Cafe Instanbul. Not that I'm biased...it's just that two stars means literally "I've had better" and I have. Better hummus, better garlic dip, better recipes, better service and at least a buck or two cheaper for better prices as well. Not that there's anything fundamentally wrong with Pita Jungle but I'd rather have middle eastern food made and served by middle easterners. Call me crazy but they just might actually know what they're doing and how to pronounce the dish without all the hipster attitude.
3	Pita Jungle would land somewhere around the 3.5 star area, which is generous in some regards and possibly misleading in others. The food and prices are fair; the service was prompt and friendly - but I still can't walk away from Pita Jungle with the devotion of a fan. Before I go forward, I'd like to state that the prices are from the website, as I cannot recall the exact prices upon purchase.I had the falafel pita ($5.49) and a glass of Green tea. The girlfriend  ordered a philly steak pita ($6.79). The Falafel at Pita Jungle was good, but not the finest I've had. Regardless, we got a few extra things from the happy hour menu, which runs from 3PM to 5PM, if I recall correctly. The pita and hummus platter was affordable ($2) and tasty, offering three flavors of hummus and a decent amount of pita to dip with. The happy hour Falafel ($2) offered two pieces of chick pea goodness to enjoy.Pita Jungle offered me a tasty lunch, but it didn't fill me with an insatiable desire to return. Given the fact that it provided what it aimed for, and didn't turn me off in the process, it's certainly A-OK.
5	Pita Jungle can do NO WRONG in my eyes! The food has always been amazing! I have been going here for 10 years or so and have never left displeased.  Also they are a home spun local business, which always makes me happy! Yes, they do have hipper then thou hipster working there, but those hipsters can sure make a mean hummus! I have many favorites which is starting to make it hard when I go there, because I want them all! Pita Jungles portions are always so generous that I have never even finished what I ordered. My new fav is the Lentil Fetoosh Salad, the mix of the lentils and rice with the caramelized onions over the fresh mixed greens with that lemon vinaigrette is WHOA! Its incredibly filling, split it with 2 or 4 friends, seriously! Another fav is off the starters section, but its so much food that I never finish! The lavosh pita crisp! Its like a fancy spicy supped up cheese crisp! Thank You Pita Jungle for bringing bomb diggity food to the valley!
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food10 Service10 Atmosphere10 ValueI've never given all 10s before and frankly I don't want to do it, but I can't figure out where to knock any points off!Chelsea S. and I went and found ourselves fortuitously under the Reverse Happy Hour umbrella.  Now, if somehow I were to knock off any points, it would be that there were no alcohol discounts on happy hour.  BUT, my god were there food deals!  A wide variety of $2 tapas!  ($3 for seafood, but I say ew to all seafood.)  $35 later (pretip) we were gorged on two glasses of quality Arizona wine and 8, count em: 8, tapas.  Some tapas are small, some are larger.  But ALL of them that we tried were delicious.  That list includes:Hummus trio (2) = regular, red pepper, and cilantroPita w/ thyme & olive oil (the best one)Feta cheese (w/ olive oil, oregano, tomatoes, etc)Baba Ganoush (an unusual but great smoky flavor)Tsatziki (sp?)Falafel (only 2, i was hoping for 3)Garlic Lemon Chicken w/ Pine NutsSoooo good.  And our server Janise was crazy.  crazy good!  I'm going back.  Hell, i'm going back this weekend.
5	Hands down my favorite place to eat in Tempe. Food is ALWAYS good. Service, always friendly and timely served. I love that they promote local artists and it helps the atmosphere feel cozy and downhome. I'm fully convinced I'll never find a better greek salad or garlic dip. Wow. Thinking about it makes me wish I were back at ASU. Two thumbs, way up!
5	Helpful staff, wonderful food. Love the breakfast here. Staff is plesant. Parking is OK. Friday nights typically have good eye candy too!
5	Pita Jungle is now one of my favorite places to go for dinner. It's both affordable and healthy. Thought it's usually  crowded with "Hipster" ASU students, I have yet to receive bad service. Our food has usually come out in a timely matter.As for the environment, It's very nicely decorated with art from local artists and it's very well lit.  It's nice and open so you can see what's going on through out the restaurant. It's never to noisy, so it would be a great place to take a family or even a date.Almost every visit, I've always gotten either the Broiled Chicken Salad or the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap. The chicken has always been moist and dish is always flavorful. The lemon vinaigrette dressing is almost good enough to drink!  Though I have not tried a lot on the menu, some of the food they bring out always make me say "Ooh, what's that?!"
5	Seriously one of my favorite places to eat at any one of the locations around the valley. I think I would eat here weekly if I could. They have awesome food, hummus and tabbouleh never cease to satisfy. I love their salads and the chicken schwarma rocks. The service is always good and the atmosphere is always fun with changing art pieces. The newest tapas/ happy hour is awesome and worth taking advantage of. Simply delicious!
2	Pita Jungle on Apache is the kind of place I want to love: art on the walls, specials under $10, good location, a hip vibe, and an eclectic and healthy menu, but due to poor service, mediocre food and other, better restaurants  in the vicinity I can't bring myself to recommend Pita Jungle on Apache whole heartedly if other options are available.Let me give you a bit of background to better qualify this review: I've been to the Gilbert location for takeout a couple of times and visited this Apache location last Thursday, at 9:30 pm. It was the end of a five day fast and I had just finished a busy day and an exhausting workout, so I decided to treat myself to sit down at Pita Jungle looking forward to a flavorful and healthy experience.The Good: The Daily Specials this night are about 10 bucks and feature a variety of grilled chicken, tilapia, mahi mahi, hummus, pita and vegetables. The location has an ASU crowd of happy hipsters tucking into their fare with good natured raucous laughter and conversation.The Bad: Time from seating to water was 15 minutes. Service pace bad. An additional 20 minutes until food arrived. Soup arrived and entree immediately followed. Back server was mute and perfunctory. Request for additional condiments never arrived. After ordering the main server "James" _never_ checked if anything was needed, only to pick up dish and deliver bill. _Never_ asked how things were, just said "All done?". Mahi Mahi was overcooked and there were not enough pita chips for the overly salty hummus.Summary: If you want to meet up with your hipster friends, or a desperate for a vegetarian option with later hours, try your luck. However I'd recommend the Blue Nile or ever go next door to the Tasty Kabob.
5	OK, so, before I say anything else: I love Pita Jungle. Best hummus ever. The glazed chicken lavosh pizza is one of my favorite dishes in town. The Fruit & Cheese FANTASIA deserves its capital letters. Basically, when it comes to the food, Pita Jungle is takin' care o' business.So, with that in mind: What the hell were they thinking with the name?  I'm still running into people who have lived in the Valley for 6-7 years and never eaten there, though they declare themselves fans of mediterranean or vegetarian cuisine. Their stated reason: "Sounded like a fast food place" or "I was afraid of some Eurasian Rainforest Cafe  knock-off." (OK, that last one is mine from when I first moved here.) It's name might actually be worse than Pita Pit's - and Pita Pit basically IS a fast food place.I also have a minor problem with the entire staff looking like half-starved refugees from Planet Hip, but that might be just be envy at the fact that I will never be that cool. It's like an indie record store that serves food.Go eat the food. Make fun of the name.
4	The cool, hip, healthy-vibe, made them a diamond in the rough during my college years and I am not quite sure how to feel about them now that they are everywhere including Fashion Square Mall. But if these others have the same Chicken Shawarma, Oh, how I crave their Chicken Shawarma, then I will remain a satisfied fan. Parking during the lunch hour is brutal and the street parking has been taken up by the light-rail riders and students.I love the healthy food options, smoothies, and vegetarian cuisine. Despite sometimes spotty service every once in awhile, I think the food is one of the best in the Valley.
1	Most over-rated restaurant ever. I have gone their twice- both times the service was AWFUL and food inedible. We called a day ahead and told them a party of 14 were coming. They told us they usually don't take reservations but they would set something up for us and they are very slow around lunch so no problem. We arrived and the hostess was rude and had no idea we were coming. There wasn't anyone there so they set up a table for us. We asked if we could have our checks split and the rude waitress said absolutely not. I have worked in restaurants for many years and if someone is paying for a service and asks ahead of time for split checks I think it is awful to say no way. We will never return there as a group and we do group lunches often at my job. We waited an HOUR (63 minutes to be exact) for our food to hit the table after we ordered. The waitress was terrible- I never got a refill and arte my lunch thirsty. She added 18% grat to our check and made us figure out how to split it. The first time I went there I said I would NEVER return and I gave them one more shot because people claim its amazing and now I am sure I will never go back.
4	Pita jungle was a staple in my dieting a few years back. They have a great range of food from super healthy to greasy and tasty. I have clocked more hours here then I could easily estimate.Recommendations:Hummus:This is actually some of my favorite hummus in the valley. There are a few places that come close but there is just something about theirs that I love. Its very heavy in the citrus. Their pitas are always warn, soft and fresh.Broiled Chicken Salad:The lemon vinaigrette is amazing. They use a very tasty variety of mixed greens for the salad. The chicken is amazingly tasty to that point hat I actually have cravings for it.Chicken Combination:Broiled chicken, brown rice, mixed beans(super tasty), garlic dip. The garlic dip is the same sauce used in the swarma wraps. The mixed beans are great and contain at least 5 different types in a tomato based sauce.Mediterranean Combo:Hummus, baba ganoosh, tsatziki, taboule, feta cheese, dolmades, falafel and green beans. This is a good way to sample a lot of items. The green beans are surprisingly good.. I wish the green beans i was forced to eat when I was a kid tasted like this. The falafel is always a little on the greasy side.Pros:The wait staff is always nice and usually easy on the eyes :)Atmosphere is great. Nice and dark, cool faux walls, great local art displayed.Food quality is consistentCons:Hrmmm... not to many..Parking can be a bit crazy at timesPrices are on the high side
4	I would give it a 5 for food alone....the jalapeno cilantro hummus with chicken is my favorite food in the ENTIRE world.  It really is that amazing.  I also love the black bean burger, the chicken schwarma, the meditterean chicken salad, and pesto lavosh turkey wrap, the tomato basil bisque...all amazing.Watch out for the moroccan gatzpatcho- disgusting....cold salsa basically with chunks...  Ewww and the grilled veggie wrap makes you smell like garlic for a week which is weird since it doesn't really have a good flavor.AND MY BIGGEST BEEF WITH PJ-   They bring my hummus and immediately bring my food 1 minute later.  Time appetizers and entrees appropriately please.
4	When I want to feel like I am eating really healthy or pretending to be a vegetarian for a meal, I love Pita Jungle.But the whole truth is there is no where I have found in AZ or SD that has better Falafel than Pita Jungle. Their Falafel's are perfect, crunchy and not oily at all. They must have some miracle oil that does penetrate the food, because sometimes I forget they are fried! And when you order the Falafel platter it comes with lots of fresh tomatoes, pickles (my favorite), Red onions, and lettuce. Make your own wraps with the pitas provided and you are in HEAVEN! Oh and don't forget their Mediterranean platter, with tons of great hummus, tabuli, baba ganouj, and my favorite a cold green bean salad, which I know doesn't sound that appetizing, but try it just once and you will be hooked! The food is always fresh, healthy, and oh so yummy!  And they are expanding all the time! Which means getting good food will be easier! New location to open in Phoenix and Tucson!
4	Mmmm I LOVE Pita Jungle. The honey pasta salad is my favorite and they have amazing humus. Pretty much everything on the menu (that I've tried) is fantastic and they have a decent wine selection. Great place for a date, or dinner with friends - also has a decent brunch/lunch selection.
5	Came to AZ for spring training... Ate at Pita Jungle 5 of the 6 days I was in AZ. Don't judge me! When I see something I like, I go for it... ;) Anywho, I found this place last year, after I checked out of my hotel, on the way to the airport. Love at first sight... Seriously. I was pissed that I found it on the last f'n hour that I was in AZ. WTF. So I had a whole year to look forward to eating at the heavenly place again... The Hummus is the most amazing that I've ever had in my life. I recommend the Cilantro/Jalapeno Hummus. Amazing! While I was there I had the Original Hummus (amazing), Cilantro/Jalapeno Hummus (also amazing), 4 Cheese Quesadilla (once with chicken, once with steak [I'd prefer it without meat but just had a few bite of someone else's]) (amazing), Greek Salad (good, but not the best I've had), Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (really f'n good, and big!), Falafel (yeah baby, perfect), Lentil soup (I've had better, but it's still pretty good), Pesto Lavosh Wrap (I did chicken [recommended by our outstanding waiter] instead of turkey, awesome and big!)
5	When I consider the one food that I would eat, barring all others, the Jalpeno Cilantro Hummus with pita bread is the one. It has everything going for it: great flavor, protein, carbs, etc... We used to make special trips here to get this as a take out. The pita alone is worth the trip! You must try this.Each location is always busy and loud, but the service is almost always busty and prompt. I'm not kidding, each locations has the same servers, I swear!
5	Let me just start off by saying whenever I'm hungry and have the funds to go out (which is a rare occurrence) or have friends/family in town, I turn to PJ.Never faltering in it's deliciousness, PJ offers so many options for most eaters out there. The only kicker (which doesn't disappoint me because I don't consume it) is they don't serve any meat other than the chicken variety. So, if you're looking for a juicy steak, go elsewhere.That said, I really think you should stay, because, day-um their food is good. When I go there, I get the usual: a Philly chicken pita (with substituted tofu) and an iced green tea. The perfect amount of food to be full but not stuffed, and an even perfect-er price. If I'm extra hungry, or gluttonous depending on my mood, I'll add in a trio-hummus plate that is almost too good to be true. Their menu is extensive and offers a lot of Mediterranean variety. They also have banging specials every once and a while that will only make you fall deeper in love.Other than the food, 9 times out of 10 you'll get good service, and they're always willing to make exceptions/substitutions for you, which is lovely coming from a self-proclaimed veg with a lot of veg and vegan friends/family members.The atmosphere is always comfortable, and with their rotating art selection, there's never a dull piece of wall to be seen.All in all, if you're looking for an excellent meal that won't break the bank, PJ is your place.P.s. They have a little known secret that I'd like to pass along to you because, as if from my dreams to real life, they do breakfast (!) on Saturdays and Sundays. AND, again as if from my brain to actual existence, they have daily happy hour from 2-4 p.m. Go. Go soon and go swiftly.Thanks be to the PJ Gods.
4	Pita Jungle is like a grandparent.  Extremely reliable, always fills you up when you visit, and hasn't changed style in over a decade.  And like a good grandparent, you don't need a reservation to get in, but patience is virtue because sometimes there's a wait...but it's worth it.Personally, I love the specials list on menus because they're unique and odds are, you might not see them again.  Yesterday, I ordered the grilled cajun mahi mahi with toasted pita chips and jalepeno cilantro hummus.  Yeah, I know. That was quite an order.  But for $10, it's a great portion and the fish was prepared perfectly!I highly recommend PJ for lunch and as soon as the server shows up, I highly recommend you order the trio hummus plate along with the tropical tea! What a good start to a good day :)
2	For a place with so many vegetarian options, I've been sorely disapointed to see that most of them include the same couple vegetables. I don't consider myself a picky eater, but the vegetables I don't care for much are summer squash, cauliflower and undercooked broccoli. Somehow, they seem to be featured in most vegetarian dishes they serve.The other option is their medeterrianian style food, in which case, head across apache to Haji Babas pronto and get some authentic cooking for half the price. Last time I went there, I almost ran across the street and bought a tub of hummus to show them what it should taste like. I'll eat here if someone else is paying, but I usually try to talk them into something else. The food is consistantly edible, but nothing special.I can sum this review up in one word: BLAND
4	I just love pita jungle.It's one of those places you can count on.  The atmosphere is cool, the food is good (and everyone can find something they can eat - vegetarian, etc.), and they have really good green tea arnold palmers :)I try to order something new every time I go to Pita Jungle, you can never go wrong with any of their items.  The falafel, the lentil and rice salad (i forget the name), the hot chicken pita, the fruit salad, the black bean burger...they're all so good!  Oh! And make sure to order the red pepper hummus as a starter with sliced cucumbers for dipping, along with the pita bread.The forever changing art on the walls from different local artists adds character along with the tattooed staff (love it!).The only thing I can think to change is the quality of the outdoor seating and the crappy strip mall location, but I guess that makes it a literal diamond in the rough!See you soon pita jungle ;)
3	Great place for a nice lunch with good people over good conversation. The food is great, I favor the thousand bean pita on most days, their hummus selection really keeps you eating until you waddle out of there. The Babaganoosh was not favored by a friend of mine, but I don't really care for eggplant so I wont hold it against them. Check it out if you haven't already.
4	Pita Jungle has been making changes! New Happy Hour menu and Reverse Happy Hour Menu with lots of yummy offerings, including scallops, shrimp, hummus, baba ganoush and quite a few more. And don't forget the drinks are on special too!  Happy hour is 3-5:30 and then 9 to close. Pita Jungle also seems to be sprucing up the menu, with quite a few new offerings, rotating specials menu, and even an Earth Day menu! I had the mahi mahi on ciabatta and it was very tasty, though a little too much bread. I also branched out and tried the red lentil soup - I needed a re-fill it was so good!   And my date loved his tomato basil soup. I find the food at Pita Jungle to always be healthy, consistent and flavorful. I love the lentil fetoosh salad - if you've never tried it, get it! And my next favorite is the pita burrito - who new that mixed beans could be so good?  I love that they are playing with the menu, and working to make Pita Jungle even more great than it already is. The location in Tempe has a good location near ASU. They always have rotating art work for sale, and the space itself is very open and decorated very earthy and hip. The servers are very trendy and hipster-ish, and always very friendly. I do complain that the service is very slow, especially during this last visit. It may have been compounded by the fact that I was starving and it was 9pm, but the food took forever to arrive! But if you are with a fun group (they will cater larger parties - no reservations, but call ahead), the wait can be part of the experience.  Pita Jungle is definitely a regular stop for me when I'm craving something light, healthy, and delicious.
4	Good food! Great hummus and fast service.  Very professional wait staff.  We went with a diverse group from NJ, DC, WI, WV, NH, IL, & AZ with equally diverse food preferences and were all satisfied and had a great time.  The price for a glass of wine is reasonable.  We ended up going back the next day for lunch.
4	YUM! I went here for lunch today with my roommate and everything was delicious. They have the best iced-teas in town. I always get the green tea with a little lemonade. My roommate got the berry iced tea which looked really good too. We shared everything today - we started with the jalapeno hummus. It's so good, they put a little pico de gallo in the center which gives it just the right kick. We split the small order and it was plenty! We also shared the classic greek salad - I love the lemon vinaigrette - so light and refreshing. Then we shared the pesto pizza. It normally comes on pita bread I think, but we got it on lavoush and it was huge! We definitely had left overs. I don't know why I don't come here more often but everything was delicious! I love it. I wanna try their breakfast too - the crepes sounded amazing.
5	I've always loved Pita Jungle. I was so excited to discover they opened a new one by me in front of Arrowhead Towne Center (even though I still have not been there yet...)We always start with the cilantro and jalapeno hummus. Just a tip: the small is a big serving. Usually perfect for 3-4 people. Just order extra pita or veggies.I have loved everything I ever tried there. This time I had the Seafood Provencal. It was so good I wanted to lick the bowl clean.I've tried many things here and it seems Pita Jungle can do no wrong.This needs to become a new staple for me.
5	If you live anywhere in the greater Phoenix area and have not been to Pita Jungle you are missing out. By far the best Greek food around! The falafel pita, glazed chicken pizza, and the medchilada (combination of a chicken burrito and enchilada Greek style -- not on the menu anymore but if you ask they will make it) are some of my favorites, but really anything you get is good. Oh and the tzatziki (cucumber yogurt dip), it's so amazing... just go to Pita Jungle, that's my review.
4	Garlic roasted potatoes *check*Amazing hummus and baba ganoush *check*Cute waitresses, some of which are babes *check*Inexpensive menu with quality ingredients *check*There are many Mediterranean restaurants around Tempe that vary in quality and service. Pita Jungle seems to break the mold. There's something for everyone on their menu, be it the Mediterranean Chicken Salad or the Glazed Chicken Lavosh Pizza (both are awesome). Pita Jungle is located off of Apache Blvd very close to the campus of Arizona State University. While this location is a favorite along the student body, a good mix of locals and students come here. The waitresses are very friendly and especially professional for a restaurant that serve so many college students. Like I mentioned above, many of the waitresses are super cute.Here is a meal of champions that I personally recommend1. Start off with the baba ganoush with chicken. This is not on the menu, but hummus with chicken is, so just as for this. You get a large portion of freshly made baba ganoush covered with chopped roasted chicken. This is DELICIOUS.2. For your main course, order the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap. This is chicken breast with grilled tomatoes and onions with garlic sauce in a crispy pita wrap (lavosh). This comes with a Greek Salad, but they'll be happy to sub the salad for the garlic roasted potatoes for no charge.3. Finish your meal with the Baklava coupe. This comes with 3 types of ice cream (I remember it comes with pistachio ice cream!), and it comes with pieces of baklava. So delicious. Even if you feel full, once you see this, your stomach will magically make room.Pita Jungle gets a solid 4 stars from me. For a Tempe restaurant, I would give it an easy 5 stars, but with all things considered equal around Phoenix, I'll give it a solid 4.
4	Over the past couple of months I have been working on adopting a healthier lifestyle when it comes to food. Pita Jungle was a great find for this. A lot of what they have there is very fresh and nutritious. The food tastes great and the service is good. It's near ASU so it can get busy at times. However, I've come here for one hour lunch breaks and was able to make it back to class without any issues. I would say that if I had to catagorize Pita Jungle I would call it a Mediterranean leaning restaurant. While they do have some traditional items, a lot of it is not traditional. There are some great twists to some of the more traditional items. Most of the stuff that I've tried here has been great. There have been one or two things that were hit or miss. Hence the 4 stars.
5	Since I am a vegetarian, Pita Jungle is a great restaurant for me! While I can get vegetarian plates at other restaurants, usually my options are pretty limited. Here, I have tons of options. All of the Pita Jungles are kind of funky with cool art and paintings on the walls which makes it cute. Their jalapeno cilantro hummus is one of my favorite things ever! Even to split though, the small is more than enough. Portions here in general are pretty huge. I've never ordered anything from here I didn't like. They also have really good red sangria that tastes cinnamony. My favorite things are the black bean burger and the spicy chicken wrap (I sub the chicken for tofu). I would suggest splitting something with whoever you are with, but if you don't you will have another meal! Healthy, vegetarian friendly, good atmosphere, and reasonably priced. Highly recommend!
1	I like the concept of Pita Jungle, I have just had better. Way better. The service was pretty good and it is just off of the light rail. We sat near the back where the booths are coming apart. I know they are probably going for the whole retro, artsy type vibe but I am an artist myself and I would just call it dumpy. We ordered the hummus (of course) and pita, a falafel pita, Philadelphia cheese-steak pita, and the pesto pizza. I was extremely disappointed by the pita when it came, a whole plate of hummus and they gave us this small, sad looking pita to go with it. For a place with pita in its moniker, you would think the pita would be the prize of the menu but it was chewy, flat and stiff. I sat there the whole time eating and thinking how much better Zorba's in Chandler is than this.  The hummus is okay and while the falafel was passable, they wrapped it in that so-so pita. The pesto pizza was good but nothing to write home about. The cheese-steak pita needed to be mopped up after but I hear it was good. For $28 for these items I was left feeling like we would have had a better experience and WAY more food to show for the money at Haji-Baba's in Tempe on Apache Blvd. At least I got some free 944 magazines out of it but I was hungry again two hours later.
5	Pita Jungle has the best hummus I have ever tried!  My favorite thing to get is the hummus and tabouli, its a meal itself!  Also, Gambas con ajo is delicious and savory, with carrot chips! Luckily there are more than 1 around now, I've been to 4 locations, same quality and service is apparent at all.
2	Meh.  Sorry to be a hater, but I've eaten here several times, always expecting the food here to wow me, and I always leave somewhat dissatisfied.  I like the concept of Pita Jungle- fresh, healthy, Middle-Eastern influenced.  But there's just something in the execution of their dishes that doesn't seem to jive with my palate.  I always leave wanting more flavor from the food, and to eat something a little more authentically Middle Eastern I guess.  The last time I ate here was for breakfast, and the omelet I had, while humongous, didn't really satisfy my taste buds, while the coffee that was served was super bitter, even after drowning it in cream and sugar.
4	Honestly, I only come here for their hummus. It is amazzzzzzzzzzzing!I even had The Boyfriend bring some to San Jose when he visited once. Teeheehee.
4	one of the few hipstery/yuppy places in tempe!  call what you want, it's damn good.i've never been disappointed in the food here. the quality of the food and the atmosphere is extremely high for the price.  and it's a healthier alternative to other nearby eateries.  the Mediterranean burrito thingy is HUGE and tasty.  it makes two meals for me.places like this in SF charge about double for the same food...good for a date (dont get caught checking out the waitresses), group of friends, or the fam (just not the little ones).
3	I'm the kind of person that once I find something I like, I will always order the same thing.I love the hummus here.  Perfectly smooth and light with the right amount of garlic and lemon.  I've searched high and low for a hummus as good, but never found it.  Order it with extra pitas because you'll need them!But every time I browse the entrees, I'm at a loss. I keep trying new things, but haven't found one dish worth getting again.I've tried the Veggie Garden Wrap. Blah, nothing special. The Honey Pasta Salad? Too sweet. The Veggie "Burger" on 12-grain bread fell apart, and the garlic new potatoes were dried out. The wood fired Pesto Pizza wasn't my idea of pizza at all.Nothing was BAD, but nothing was OMG GOOD.  It was just, "ok, I'll eat this."I think next time I'm here I'll just stick with the hummus and a lemonade, and save myself some money!
5	Classy, Organic, Healthy, delicous. Everything is supeb, and this is reflected in the HIGH prices. Great place to go if you have 40 dollars each for dinner. Best Organic restaurant I have ever been to! Highly recomend the fire grilled salmon, the palmagranite Lemonade, the Tapas, the Hummus, the salads. EVERYTHING IS GREAT
4	bring back the taco flatbread thingie!!
4	Easy decision.  Hummus with grilled ahi tuna for a great (and light dinner).  Your choice of two, I'd recommend the Cilantro Jalepeno and Regular.
5	Fresh.  Tasty.  Interesting.  Good "People Watching."Love everything I have tried here.  The Happy Hour "tapas" are excellent.  My daughter could not get enough of the garlic chicken one.The 3-bean plate is delish - kinda like "meatless chili" but you don't miss the meat.   The fruit salad is massive and the fruit served with it is completely top-notch.Wait staff is mostly cute college girls, which is hardly ever a completely bad thing.  Never had a problem with good, attentive service, which CAN be a problem sometimes.I go eat there as often as is reasonable.  Highly Recommended.
5	Ive been living in Tempe for 3 years now and Pita Jungle has to be in my top 3 places to eat at any given time. The ambiance is awesome inside. The art work on the walls is always awesome, for sale, and gets turned every once in a while. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The food is great, fresh and healthy. Ive always ordered something different there and am never disappointed with whatever i get. Although not on the menu, i always order a side of sauteed broccoli which is the best broccoli you'll ever have. All and all, this is a great place for lunch or dinner.
5	Great Mediterranean! I've been going to Pita Jungle for as long as I can remember, and I cannot get enough of the place. You must have the Hummus here. It's second to none.  Make sure you order a second pita.  All the food is great.The staff is a young artsy crowd if you get my drift. You kind of have the feeling that you're eating at a place in the Village in New York. Infact, the atmosphere is feels pretty artsy, too. That's actually pretty odd considering this location is in a run down shopping center just off of ASU's campus.
4	This place brings back good memories and I try to make a stop everytime I'm in town. Their passion ice tea is always very refreshing, perfect for the hot weather. Their hummus and tzatziki are always good starters. My favorite entree is their lavosh shawarma wrap with chicken, garlic sauce, and onions. It's baked so the outside wrap is slightly crispy and the inside is steaming hot. For dessert I love their carrot cake, back in the day I would pick up their carrot cake to go.
4	I'll make this short. I was craving a gyro, and the one I got at Pita Jungle definitely hit the spot. It was delicious, a good size, and decently priced. Also, the workers are very friendly which is always a plus. I left with a full stomach and a smile on my face... love it when that happens!
5	This is by far the BEST restaurant I have ever been to. I am beyond obsessed with this restaurant. The food is amazing and always exactly how I like it-delicious. A few times I had less than stellar service, but since the food is so good I continue to come back again and again. The prices are pretty reasonable too. The pitas are so tasty and the pasta salads are to die for. The best part of eating at Pita Jungle is the fact that its healthy and affordable. Anytime I meet someone for lunch or dinner I suggest Pita Jungle because of how impressed I am. Even when I order dessert I don't feel guilty. They are great for take-out as well. I never have a long wait. It's perfect.
4	I'll preface this by saying this was the first time I'd ever had Greek/Mediterranean food, aside from the odd serving of hummus, so I really have no idea what I'm talking about.That said, the food here is delicious. I decided to dive right in and try something totally new to me, so I got a falafel pita. The first bite, I didn't really understand the flavor. The second bite, it was like "wait.. wait.. I think I got something!" And with the third bite, I realized it was delicious. I'm sure this has nothing to do with Pita Jungle and everything to do with me not knowing what the hell falafel is. Regardless, it was delicious, and I consumed the remainder of my pita with gusto. I have no idea if it was authentic, but I do know that it was tasty.We also got the Mediterranean Platter, and pretty much everything in it was delicious, except the taboule was rather flavorless. It was pretty much just a big pile of greens (parsley, I believe), a few small pieces of tomato, and I guess there was some sauce or something but it didn't really taste like anything at all. And there was a lot of it. The platter was probably 1/3 taboule. So it was kind of a waste as we ending up throwing it away.We ordered take-out so I can't say what the dine-in service is like, but just from the few minutes I spent inside the place I think I'd feel out of place there. With the dim lighting and the seats filled with the hipster crowd, it's definitely not the atmosphere I go for. However, the girl I talked to behind the counter was nice, and she offered me a glass of water while I waited for my order to come out, so I put a buck in the tip jar. A bonus about Pita Jungle is they have online ordering, which is great for a socially awkward person like myself who abhors having to speak on the phone to people.
4	Our daughter took us here and I usually do not like Pita's, Wow was I wrong about that. I had a chicken philly pita and it was fantastic!!  The service was good and attentive and the place was packed. We would go there again when in town!
2	Using their Online Ordering system is a COMPLETE waste of time. Both times we used it we ended up waiting an additional 30 minutes for them to finish our food even though we ordered over an hour in advance.Both times there have been problems with the orders even though everything is in written form in front of their faces.Today, instead of individually wrapping our pitas, they gave us a bag of store bought pita bread. How tacky.When you call to make a complaint about it taking an unreasonable amount of time, and when your orders are incorrect, they treat you with a horrible attitude as if YOU did something wrong. If you make a mistake, at very least own up to it. And the food is overall pretty bland, just like all other Pita Jungle's.We will not be ordering from Pita Jungle again.
3	The only place you can eat real hummus and listen to Regina Spektor.  The service sometimes leaves something to be desired, but the great food and locale keeps me coming back for more.
5	I lived in the Phoenix area for two and a half years and any time I go back, I always demand to go to Pita Jungle. Saying demand sounds like a bad thing but I don't joke around when it comes to the Pita Jungle.It's a funky, artsy place with healthy food that tastes good and a huge selection of food and drink. Most of the time I take service into thought when rating a  place and while the service could be better, I still give this place 5 stars b/c I've never had a bad meal there. From their black bean burgers to their amazing hummus, they got it all!
4	Here's another review that is far too late.  I've been a regular at Pita Jungle for well over 15 years, countless friends have worked there, and I've even gone to holiday parties at the home of one of the owners.  These guys are a Tempe mainstay, in my opinion -- particularly this location, which is the original.  I'm pretty sure the menu has changed very little in all the time I've gone to Pita Jungle (except for about 10 years ago when they opened the Chandler restaurant and got a beer/wine license -- had to add some more dinner appropriate fare), but this is okay with me.  Anymore, I'm almost always happy with the Mediterranean platter or the chicken schwarma platter.  Sometimes I'll change it up, but I always get the hummus.  Great hummus.  Seriously.
5	The Pita Jungle first opened in Tempe in 1994. I don't remember when exactly I first visited this location, but it was probably that same year or in 1995. Since then I have probably visited this particular location somewhere between 50 to 100 times. I'm really a big fan of this place because they were the first to introduce me to Mediterranean food. Beforehand, I was not familiar with words such as hummus, baba ganoosh, taboule or tsatziki. Ever since, I've been a big fan of Mediterranean food because of it's distinct flavors and healthy options.The Pita Jungle in Tempe has evolved physically from the restaurant I remember when I was younger. It use to be only half as big as it is today. Right around 2005, they purchased the store next door and demolished the wall that divided them; thus, increasing their space to accomodate their large patronage. The parking lot they share with the small plaza they occupy, however, has not grown. Beware, the limited parking available during lunch hours on weekdays. Pita Jungle can get really packed.The interior of the restaurant is decorated with various pieces of artwork from local artists on the walls which changes every so often. The ceiling is decked with exposed ducts, which give the location a kind of industrial feel to it. Also, the servers pretty much wear everyday clothing. In all, I kinda  get a California, somewhat Bohemian-feel for the environment. Although, it's probably lost some of that in the past couple of years every since it's grown.I've tried all sorts of dishes at Pita Jungle, but my all-time favorite at this location is the Glazed Chicken Lavosh Pizza, When I use to work in Tempe, I frequently chose this dish. I really like all the other dishes I've tried at Pita Jungle. I guess it's just a matter of what you're in the mood for. My other recommendations if you are eating in are the Wood-fired Fresh Salmon, Spicy Mango Shrimp and Chicken Del Sol. I might point out that the Chicken Del Sol is a protein-rich dish containing chicken and beans. It's a pretty healthy serving for the low price of 6 to 8 bucks. I don't frequent this particular location like I use to. Furthermore, I've only had one bad experience at this location, but why let one bad experience put a damper on my overall long patronage. I'm kinda tempted to give it 4 stars because my tastes have differed over the years, but I don't really have anything critically negative to say about this Pita Jungle so I would be willing to give it 5 stars.
5	Ah I love Pita Jungle. Please come to Santa Barbara. I have never ordered anything I didn't like. The Veggie Burger is so delicious, also the honey pasta salad. I always get their iced tea and an order of the hummus, I get the two flavored ones side by side.
4	I love eating here. Their food always tastes really fresh and its really affordable.  I usually always have exceptional service.  I normally eat at theTempe location but think I like the newer Mesa location better.  I've eaten lots of different meals there and they are all good.  I'm not afraid to try something I haven't eaten.  I tend to crave Pita Jungle quite often.
4	The food is always great! My absolute favorite is the Chicken Philly Pita. The prices are reasonable and the portions are huge. Sometimes the service isn't as friendly as it could be, but it fits along with the low low key and artsy vibe.
4	Love the menu!!! and great organic hefeweizen type of beer!
5	I have been a patron of Pita Jungle for 12 years. This was my go-to place in college, during my vegetarian and vegan years...And even now, as a carnivore, making the trip is ALWAYS a highly anticipated event. Not only is the ambiance great (amazing local artist's work on the walls), open yet cozy dining room, cool/hip looking wait staff, but the food is amazing. Even if you hate vegetarian or middle eastern food, this place will win you over.The hummus is a must have. A friend and I can easily polish through an order, without filling guilty or gross. I've head everything from the salads to the pizza to the pasta, but I must say I always go for the falafel pita. The seasoning is amazing, the veggies are fresh, the pita is made in house...You can eat a great, healthy meal, and not feel hungry 45 minutes later. It's also a great first date place, because it's not too fancy, not too casual, and if the date goes bad, there are plenty of things to distract you! If you run out of conversation, just discuss the art on the walls. And, you don't feel awkward about ordering what ever you want, without wondering if you are spending too much!
4	I went here yesterday with some friends and we all liked it. We all shared an order of half garlic spread and half roasted red pepper hummus. Both were really good, although now I feel like I can't wash the garlic smell off of my skin, but worth it I guess. I got the chicken pita and it was flavorful. I don't think this place is any better or worse than other places like it, but It's convenient to me and it was pretty good. I'd go again.
4	I've been to other Pita Jungle (the restaurant, not the legendary place where few have dared to enter, and fewer still made it out alive) and this one is really posh and designed for a more comfy feel than the other one I went to.  They have lots of healthy food and the jalapeno hummus is pretty solid too!You get a pretty large amount of food and it's a good value.  Since I was in town for the BCS championship game, it was even cooler that I ran into fellow Auburn fans at this locale.
4	If you truly care about your taste buds, you will not think twice about ordering the Mediterranean Chicken Salad.  The medley of flavors and textures is awesome!  I'm vegetarian so I order it with tofu instead of chicken and it rocks my world!
3	It's odd to me that no one has mentioned how filthy this restaurant is. My friend and I went to eat here the other night (my first time), and you can see crumbs scattered all over the tables from several feet away. We had to brush off our table with a napkin... and when we looked at the napkin there was a disgusting layer of black crap. This indicates that the tables are not PROPERLY cleaned. My suspicions were confirmed when we saw the bussers "cleaning" up after a group.. which consisted of using a *dry* paper towel to make a half-assed attempt at clearing off the crumbs. That's it. What the fuck?Waitress was okay. She was attentive and not impolite, but I could not help feeling she was not happy to be at work. But hey, I can relate to that!The food was great. I had the chicken tikka masala. It was heaven. I never wanted it to end. mmmmm. I don't care if it wasn't "authentic"- it was delicious.I tried some of my friend's cheese pizza, which was yummy- not overwhelming or greasy like some "real" pizza can be. She also let me try some of her Taboule, and it was really great. All in all, great food, okay service, but it could really use some cleaning pointers from the health department.
5	This is the Pita Jungle closest to me, so I go to this location above all others. This place had me at the cool vibe when you walk in the door. LOVE the artwork as well. I like going there for dinner, the low lighting is nice. Hell, I'd go there any time of the day really.I usually try something new every time I go. I'm not a fan of hummus, which I know is blasphemy to someone who loves that places like this.. yadda yadda whatever. I love the woodfire pizzas, the pita crisps, and the spanokapita!! Be warned, I dont think their pizzas are meant for only 1 person. Every time I order it I end up taking half home with me.Its a nice, laid back place to eat inexpensively and healthy!
2	When I heard about this place I was really excited because it is hard to find really friendly vegetarian food in Tempe.  The atmosphere here is great and very sunny.  It is in a strip mall which takes away from it a bit, but the inside has a funky feel to it.  I always want to like the food, but something is just off every time.  The black bean burger is good, but it comes on an untoasted piece of wheat bread that gets all soggy and falls apart.  Everything else is OK, but why do they do that.  It makes it disgusting.  Put it on a bun like normal people.
5	I was just having a discussion about top 5 places to eat in the Phoenix area with my friends. Many of their answers were fancy, expensive, date type places. Mine top choice was Pita Jungle. Every time I am here, the food tastes fresh and made with love. The lavoshes are very tasty. But my favorite orders are the grilled chicken and hummus or the Mediterranean chicken salad. Both delectable!!!!
5	I'm new to AZ from GA and I'm currently living in up in the hills so, when I get down I like to EAT.  I ended up in Pita Jungle by dumb luck and I'm so pleased.I couldn't find the pho place and Tasty Kabob was closed but hey, I like pita.I was already happy as it had the same atmosphere as one of my favorite hang-outs in Atlanta.  I hoped the food would be as good and ordered the Shwarma Pita with no onions and the garlic potatoes.  I'm not a big carb eater but the garlic sounded good.The chicken had a wood-fired taste, without the wood-fired dryness. It was poached-moist inside. The pita was soft, fresh and lined with hummus which, blessedly, had flavors other than tahini. It was delightful!  The potatoes had that light, crisp browning that gave them just enough structure to *poof* when bitten into.  I would've liked to have seen the garlic roasted a little further as there were some bits that seemed a tad raw.  There's garlic and then there's *garlic* (eyes cross) Apparently they have a jalapeno cilantro hummus which I think would be delightful on a bagel sammich so I'll be getting some of that to go when I'm back in town.  *begins making list*
4	From wraps to entrees, salads to sandwiches, this wholesome and exotic menu is as artistic as it is edible.I like to order the carmelized cauliflower, which is one of the side dishes, as an appetizer.  It sates your immediate hunger without filling you up, so the meal can be enjoyed.There was one year span when I only ordered the turkey pesto wrap--  It took me about a year before I was ready to move on to the other items on the menu.  Since then I have had many of the salads and dishes.  I can't say I have ever been disappointed.The atmosphere is very relaxed, in an uber hip somewhat pretentious way, but it is tolerable.  The quality of the food makes up for all the foolios with ironic tattoos.The wait staff is surprisingly attentive, however the service has been hit or miss in the past.  Nothing unforgivable though.  Again, the food quality makes up for any minor issues.I have been to some of the other locations too, and they are equally good, but the original on Apache is still my favorite.Menu Highlights:All Wraps (all kinds-o-wraps)Lavosh pizzas (individual sized flatbread pizzas)All salads (I get the Lentil Fetoosh)--This is just one of those places where your personal taste will dictate what you order.  Order something outside your comfort zone, and I'm sure you'll find a new favorite.
4	Really good food!  My friend and I shared an artichoke, bow tie pasta salad with other vegetables and aromatics in it, and a breast of chicken with spinach, tomatoes cooked with garlic, served over a pile of mashed potatoes.  Large portions, satisfactory service (would give it five stars if it was better), excellent baklava.  If I lived close to a Pita Jungle, I'd go back again and again.
5	I wasn't sure if I would have the energy to review Pita Jungle since it's one of my all time fav restaurants and there would just be way too much to say. I only go to the Tempe location; I tried the Chandler one a couple times but it was not nearly as good or consistent as the Tempe one. This restaurant is awesome! Great for casual eats or formal meets like dates or group dinners. The food is very reasonably priced, huge portions, very fresh food, and very very delicious! Whenever my family comes to visit, we always plan at least one meal here. I have loved every dish here; no joke, it's all belly pleasing goodness. Here are some of my favorites (some have meat from before I was a vegetarian):*the medchilada: a giant burrito wrapped in lavosh, no longer on menu but they still make them upon request at this location* the hummus: I like half roasted red bell pepper and half cilantro jalapeno, this explodes with flavor and is a great starter for non-hummus consumers* tsatziki: they have the best tsatziki ever, omg, just the right amount of seasoning, I could drink this stuff* gambas con ajo: jumbo shrimp swimming in a delicious light red sauce, served with a pesto cheese covered pita* MTB: mozzarella, tomato, basil with evoo and balsamic, huge slices and very fresh* grilled vegetable salad: huge and covered in yummy veggies, thought it would be weird to have hot veggies on a bed of salad but oh-no-sir, this is sooo yummy!* California beach club: stuffed with turkey, cheese, and lots of veggies in a pita. I still get this minus the meat and always get tsatziki on the side. This is a nice cold, fresh option.* broiled chicken pita: huge chunks of tender chicken in a pita with all the right fixings...although their garlic sauce is super yummy, I trade it out for tsatziki.* spicy chicken wrap: oh man, this will clear up any congestion you may have, so yummy, and so spicy...if it's not hot enough for you, try it with extra saracha.* Pesto lavash turkey wrap: if you're not a fan of hot turkey, swap it out for their scrumptious chicken* black bean burger: mmmm mmmm mmmm...I like to get mine on their whole wheat bun, the roasted red peppers and other toppings make this* glazed chicken lavosh pizza: oh man this is what pizza should be about, savory and sweet, the caramelized onions are soooo good on this pizza!* chicken combo platter: a bit of everything, make your own pita sandwich, mix and match flavors* fruit & cheese fantasia: a great platter to share, tons and tons of fresh fruit and lots of varieties of cheese, served with a pita.*
5	Now here's a place to eat healthy and sustainably.Everything on the menu is good, so just order it. -My grandma prefers to watch other people's fabulous plates go by until she see's one that looks like entirely too much fun. I like musing about how the wait-staff choose their ensembles for the day and looking at the rotating gallery of art on the walls.
5	Wow. Every time I go, I'm a little more impressed and full than the last. This was the first location I went to, and it's intimate and cozy. The food..... yum yum.Note: I think some of the Best falafels I've ever had.I most recently went to the location in Chandler. It was crazy!It seemed as though, in the matter of a year, this place had blown-up. Everyone and they're babies and grandmoms were sitting.Despite the almost standing-room-onliness, we got a seat right away, by the delightfully hipster staff, and were waited on immediately.I figured our orders would take forever, but they were very timely. And did that impact the taste, you ask?Nope.Amazing.Well done guys!
4	Was in town for business so looked up Yelp for dinner suggestions around Tempe.  For a late night this is probably heathier than others.  I like the high ceiling industrial look of the place, but when it gets crowded the high ceiling makes it VERY loud.Some describe it as "hip" and "young" and it is since it is around ASU.  The staff was very friendly and attentive though, not flaky.  The manager is really cute too ;)  I sat at the bar in front of the open kitchen and enjoyed watching them like a  machine moving fast and smooth.  Like!  Very friendly staff and fast service.The food, oh the food!  Not that I have tons of experience in Mediteranian food, but it was good!  I had the grilled veggie salad and loved every bite.  It has the grilled flavor plus tangy salad dressing.  Everything on the menu looked great.Must return to try them all :)
4	My friends have recommended this place several times and I turned them down because I didn't realize that it is a sit down restaurant with food other than pitas. I wish I had gone sooner! I ordered seafood linguini and it was really good. It had huge pieces of shrimp and large mussels and the sauce was delectable. We also ordered the rice pudding for dessert. Its a large portion; you can easily share it. It came with fresh strawberries which really went well with the sweetness. The service wasn't fantastic but I also didn't spend the entire meal searching for my waitress. My only real quip with this place was the parking lot. Its small and fills up quickly. We had to park across the street. Besides that, I would definitely return!
1	BUG IN MY FOOD AND HORRIBLE SERVICE TO BOOT!!! I was craving a good salad so my co-workers and I ordered food for pick up in advance so by the time we get there, the food would be ready. I called the restaurant to let them know that even though we ordered for pick-up, we actually wanted to sit down and eat but didn't have much time on our lunch break. The manager gave me such a hard time about it and said that they wouldn't do that for us but would make an exception this one time. When we get there, the manager scolds me and says that "never do this again" by ordering ahead of time! The food wasn't ready and came late. The server was not attentive at all. But the worst part of it was when i was semi-enjoying my tuna salad, i find a BUG in my food! When i show the manager, instead of him feeling bad about it he tells me "oh sorry but this happens sometimes!" WHAT?! I tell him, oh well that's scary, it shouldn't happen at all, if you wash your lettuce right! He gives me a lecture on how the restaurant business works! Thanks but no thanks, I worked in a restaurant for two years and that was NEVER acceptable. I will never go back there again, if not for the BUG in my food, but for the horrible way i was treated. i have never wrote a bad review about any restaurant, but this Pita Jungle definitely motivated me to write one now!
5	My favorite place to eat in Tempe!The atmosphere is always perfect; not too loud, but still noisy enough with the good music to be enjoyable. I love the rotating art collection, because it gives me something new to look at every time I come.The food is so good. I've only ever had one thing that I didn't like (the chicken pasta salad), but It's been a 10 for me every other time. The Glazed Chicken Lavosh Pizza is my favorite dish with the Fruit Fantasia at a close second.
4	Starters were a bit mediocre,  the one I got anyways, seemed reheated, not fresh. But main courses are HUGE and so tasty.  Great for sharing.Good prices and of course endless refills. The place is huge and has a nice modern vibe to it. Not to mention all the mod servers.I liked it. Great for large groups :)And a healthy choice
3	I like Pita Jungle, and when I've been eating like a pig for a while I like coming here to get a nice salad or a healthy pita, but for me, inconsistency is the rub.    I typically like the kinds of things I get here, but sometimes my blue corn nachos come out fresh and delicious, and sometimes they come out with hard beans and a few stale chips. And my spicy chicken wrap may come out juicy and hot or luke warm and dry. Now look, it doesn't stop me from coming here, but it keeps ME from being the one to suggest coming here. And the salads are always on point, try the caribbean, it has more delicious fruit on it than I want to list, or the mediterranean chicken salad, it has pine nuts, and pine nuts are great. If you haven't tried Pita Jungle you should, it's a Tempe hot spot, the Tempe experience isn't quite complete if you haven't been here, just know they aren't always at their best.
4	I am on a gluten free vegan diet, and the servers here are always very accommodating.  They will bring me a plate of sliced cucumbers and tomatoes in place of pitas with my hummus plate.  The food is always very fresh & tasty and service is usually very pleasant and efficient.  I do wish they would offer more gluten free options.
4	I am a huge fan of Pita Jungle and all its locations.  The tempe one is walking distance from my aparment so I'm a little biased. Last night my family that lives in Surprise came to visit me and we I decided to take them there. My 12yr old sister was really hesitant towards the menu but fell in love with the Chicken and Cheese Pita Crisp and home made pita chips. My stepdad was even more weary since he was just getting over some nasty food poisoning.  I ordered for him and got him the Grilled Lavosh Shwarma wrap.  Being a meat and potato type he looked at me like I was crazy but he devoured it faster than it came out!  The grilled veggie salad is an easy go-to but the lemon dressing was a little intense for me. The Taboule salad is wonderful, and all of the different Hummus' are prefectly smooth and tasty. Love this place
4	Here's the short version: Pita Jungle's Food=AWESOMEPita Jungle Tempe's Service=HORRID....but worth it for the food.Here's the long version:The food is so fresh, and the rotating specials are awesome.  The cilantro jalepeno hummus is the BOMB, I love all the pizzas, and the lavosh wraps are so yummy! When ever someone is visiting- I bring them here!The funny thing about pita jungle's tempe location is that 90% of the servers pretty much provide the opposite of customer service. They are all super edgy and have probably heard of every band ever way before they were on itunes. I'm pretty sure having piercings and obscure/ironic tshirts are madatory for hire. For instance- one time I was there for lunch and a waitress was holding a tray of cups of water. Some one bumped into her and they all came crashing down. Another server who was standing right next to her, looked, smirked, and went back to doing what ever pita jungle employees do. Ask for the cherry lemonade- not on the menu but it will change your life.
5	Pleasantly surprised. Mediterranean Combo, Lavon Swarsza plate all very nice, delicious and healthy. I would eat here again.
4	First time at PJ. I've had several of my friends mention them. The ambience was great, waiter very nice. I had the Mediterranean platter and it was really good. My wife had the Shawarma Chicken sandwich. I hate to say it, but their Shawarma Chicken doesn't even compare to  Pita Da Vita's SC sandwich. I recommend the Med Platter, but for the BEST chicken shawarma, NO ONE has been able to beat Pita Da Vita for us.
4	I stopped here on a whim a few weeks ago thinking it was a semi-fast food place. It wasnt! Took me nearly 10 minutes to find a parking spot due to the overwhelming popularity of this place (which is a good sign!) I walked back to the takeout counter and browsed the menu and decided on the chicken shwarma sandwich, red pepper hummus, and a kids meal for my 2 year old son (chicken, broccoli, and rice). The lady at the counter was very helpful and full of suggestions. The food only took about 7 minutes to be delivered into my hot eager hands. I was surprised at the quality, it was very fresh and VERY good! My son ate all of his lunch and so did I. My only 2 complaints were:1.) The prices were a bit higher than I would have liked2.) The parking, oy! But overall it was really good food and friendly service :)
4	I was in the neighborhood and craving some healthy food...thank goodness I spy Pita Jungle. We shared the Spanakopita and while it's not a lot- it is under $4. My favorite was the feta cube that was served with it. YUM. Best feta... I want to buy it in bulk it's so light and delicious. We then shared the chicken shawarma  which was perfect and the grilled vegetable side which was a little too peppery- but still very good. It was a very satisfying and filling meal and great for keeping up my energy for the rest of the day. Weee!!!
4	The food is amazing!  The service tends to be hit or miss, but let's be honest...most people don't go to Pita Jungle for the service.  We always get hummus with grilled chicken (which is amazing!), but last time I ordered the fruit platter for my five year old.  It was huge.  Between three adults and one five year old, we put a small dent on the fruits and cheeses, but it was delicious. Everything is fresh and yummy.
5	I love everything about this place. The Mediterranean Chicken Salad and Artichoke Pasta Salad are Amazing. What makes this restaurant stand out for me is the Tapas Happy Hour specials. The first place I've found since moving out here that truly understands what tapas are all about; cheap plates of finger foods -olives, cheese, hummus, croquettes- that are meant to be shared. I've seen far too many "tapas" restaurants that charge $8 a plate and lose sight of the entire purpose of sharing food and mingling with friends.
5	Pita Jungle is my gold standard for Mediterranean food. Sure, it's more fusion than authentic, but the food is amazing, the portions are huge, and the prices are fantastic.Every single time I come here, I get the Hummus with Chicken. They make hands down the best hummus I've ever had. It's smooth, creamy, with just the right balance of tahini, garlic, and garbanzo beans. They serve it with delicious hot, chewy pitas, and top it with a whole lot of roasted, spiced chicken and pine nuts. Outstanding.Their other obvious Greek choices are damn good as well. The baba ganoosh is beautifully roasted and mashed, with just a bit of spiciness to it. The falafel is perfectly fried, without being burned or soggy, and richly flavored with cumin and chickpeas. The taboule is absolutely stellar and brightly flavored with parsley and lemon.The pizzas and pita wraps are all pretty large, especially for the price. They offer a fair diversity of pre-arranged combos: everything from a philly cheesesteak pita (for the less adventurous) to a chipotle chicken lavosh pizza. There are salads and pastas as well, also presenting a mix of Mediterranean cuisine with more familiar flavors. Personally, I love the pizzas and end up ordering one about every time I go, my favorite being the glazed chicken lavosh pizza.Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything here. Everything is fresh, healthy, delicious, and enormous. Even the daily specials have nearly always been wonderful (barring a poorly executed attempt at Tikka Masala). The wide diversity of the menu means that even people who don't care for Greek food will be able to find something enjoyable. But, the high quality of food also means those people may end up changing their minds.
5	Arguably some of the best food in AZ. I've been going here since college. It's electric 'free-spirit' vibe only adds to the experience of some seriously amazing food. I've been to nearly all the locations and unlike some multiple-location restaurants each one is very similar to the other and carries its indie vibe through-and-through.Would recommend the hummus w/ grilled chicken (if you're feeling adventurous go with the TRIO of hummus) Tsatziki and the 'Fruit and Cheese Fantasia.' I've really never been let down in almost 10 years and the prices will work for a big or college-thrifty budget.
4	One of the best places for hippie food in the Phoenix area.  Its not 100% authentic Mediterranean but its still good.  The prices are less than fine dining but the experience and food feels like a fine dining place.  However they give generous portions and I could have easily given them 5 stars if Haji Baba's Chicken Swarma wasn't twice as good as Pita Jungle's :)This place seems to be constantly improving their menu and is a must go to for a date or just to try it out with some friends.
5	Love this place.  The concept, food, service are all good.  Started out by discovering the Tempe location, but have visited all of the other ones as well and love them just the same.  Though everything is good, my fave dishes are the grilled chicken hummus (red + green) and the salmon salad.
4	This location was unexpectedly large. From the parking lot, I would expect this to be the smallest Pita Jungle location I'd ever seen! However, once you get inside, the restaurant is much larger than expected. It was still packed and busy at lunch time, but I think that has been similar to any other Pita Jungle I've ever been to.I met my fiance here for lunch one day, and we were quite satisfied (as usual). Nothing spectacular that sets this location apart from the rest, but it didn't disappoint either. We love Pita Jungle, though, so maybe we're a bit biased! I love how each location is different from the others, too. I loved the style inside the restaurant, although the vibe was a bit hampered by the noise level from our fellow diners. They were playing music, but I could barely hear it over all of the talking!Other than that, no complaints. We had some delicious mango iced tea and our food was quite good. :)
3	I love Pita Jungle every time I eat here the food is fresh and fantastic.  I do however have to give 3 stars much to my dismay EVERY time I sit down to eat the service sucks.  It's usually slow and the last waitress we had kept forgetting to refill drinks and that's just annoying.  I have no beef with the chef but they need to upgrade the service one more star for me.  Don't just do the minimum, please!
5	Pita Jungle is awesome. I could stop there, but I won't.  The atmosphere is casual, yet professional.  The staff is laid back and friendly, the kind of people you could just kick back and hang out with.  The food is good, and you get what you pay for.  I love the chicken pasta salad, it tastes great, and there's always some left over for lunch the next day.  I have been impressed at PJ's steady growth, it seems like every time I come back, there's another store opening.I'd say they're worth a try.
4	When I lived in the west valley I would go to the Pita Jungle in Peoria every chance I had, it's a 5-star all time favorite place. When I moved to Tempe I was really excited to be by a Pita Jungle. The food is awesome and has great options for everyone including vegetarians and children. The atmosphere is really cool although the small parking lot is ridiculous to get into/find a space. The food is five star-but the service I've had at this particular location has honestly.....sucked. I've been to this location twice and even though I love Pita Jungle, I don't really plan on going back to often and haven't in quite some time unless it's a different location.
5	I have the menu memorized and still struggle every time I have to choose :)
4	As usual, the hummus was tasty.  Tried the artichoke pasta salad which was decent and perfect for a hot day in PHX.
4	Large portions. Lots of carbs, but good
3	I'm not sure I am as big of a fan of this restaurant as others are.Number one the restaurant was PACKED.  Every table taken and people standing around.  Granted I came on a Friday night but this is a big restaurant and I could hardly walk to my table or the bathroom, ect. without bumping people, purses, ect.Number two the restaurant is LOUD.  I want to eat in peace.Good things are the way the children's menu is set up.  You pick a carb, a protein and a veggie.  Then you get fruit and a drink all for a low price.  The food is served on a tray so that each food item is separate.  The kids enjoyed that.The falafel balls are good.  The babaganouj is really good.  The hummus I didn't care for... at least the original flavor that I had.  The stuffed grape leaves were just okay.  I didn't like that random olives were scattered on the vegetarian sampler plate.  I accidentally ate one with a bite of other food and almost broke a tooth.
4	I go here more often than I would normally visit a restaurant.  Mainly, because my girlfriend pretty much has her own table here.  She's a serious fan of this spot.  So, much that she got me take her here on our first date.  So. I've eaten here more often than I want to admit to, and every time the food is delicious.  Surprisingly delicious.  Reading the menu items, I'm usually not impressed, nothing sounds that good. But every time I try something new.. it's amazing!I'm working my way through the menu, and haven't found something that I truly disliked.  Their specials are usually pretty awesome in price and quality, and their hummus is something everyone should try.The only reason they don't get 5 stars... is their service.  I know they're busy, but seriously.  I have only had 1.. that's right, 1 experience with their wait staff that was positive.  Usually, I'm watching my food wait at the counter by the kitchen for one of the servers to realize it's ready.  Other times, I'm trying to melt ice to "refill" my own drink.  It seems that some servers are careless, some are rude, and others are just too busy.  Except for the girl with the big glasses..  I don't remember her name but she gets her own 5star review from me.
4	Pita jungle is awesome. my two favorite items are chicken shawarma pita and seared ahi tuna w/ hummus. Both of those items cannot be beat for the price. I go with my friends all the time and no one has ever said anything but "awesome!" Sometimes when they are busy it takes a while to get your food - but this is super rare.
4	Great food 95% of the time. The only thing I complain about is the dry chicken from time to time. Otherwise its consistent and good! Thats what I want in a restaurant! Been going here for 12 years. Love it each time.Its either the Shawrma Wrap, Lentil Fetoosh or Chicken combo with Broccoli on the side. Service is consistent too with most of the same people there for a long time. Not a lot of turnover. Sometimes it can suck. But I still get what I want and the food is always the same, good! Great place!
4	The food here is eclectic and delicious. And the decor has really changed for the better over the years.It is so tiny and intimate. I have always secretly wanted to have a loud and awkward break-up fight here.
5	I'm a "90-10" vegetarian, and I gotta say...I LOVE THIS PLACE! Healthy, delicious, Mediterranean-style food cooked to perfection and my favorite veg restaurant to go to.Service is always fantastic. Even the less healthy dishes, such as hummus and the cheese crisp, are cooked to lighter, healthier perfection without sacrificing flavor. Warning: this place LOVES to put onions on dang-near everything, so be cautious of that. Kinda hipstery, but nonetheless a lovely place to go and chat.
4	This place has good days and bad days both with service and food, but the good days generally outweigh the bad so I keep going as the meals are huge, they use lots of veggies, and it is fairly healthy.
5	I have been going to this place since long before the expansion, had a buddy that worked in the kitchen when it was a hole-in-the-wall.Now, I am a carnivore as I love eating tasty flesh in all my meals.  However, when introduced to "the art of eating healthy" I was hooked.  I even tried making my own falafel but it is never the same.The schwarma is good, the pizzas are all great, and since I do love chicken and spiciness, I love the spicy chicken wrap (or burrito as it is huge).  However, about 80% of the time I go I get the falafel pita.  The mix of falafel, tomatoes, pickle, red onion, crisp lettuce and tahini sauce, my mouth is watering writing this.Also, the hummus is fantastic, especially the cilantro-jalapeno.
4	Happy Hour is off the chain! $1, $2, $3.. yum!Regular hours my fave is the Pesto Pizza dipped into the cilantro hummus.. Mmm good!And the atmosphere is nice when it's not too crowded.. service is decent, some times are better than others.. but I've never had an awful experience here.Delicious =)
5	Ahh Pita Jungle, I wish you were closer. But if you were closer, I'd probably have no money...Pita jungle is super, super yummy. The hummuses (humi?) are creamy and full-flavored. If you order the pita/hummus plate you can order 2 hummuses- try them all! Oh and try adding chicken on top of the hummus, it's ahmaaazing!Their salads are also outrageously tasty and made with high quality ingredients.The iced chai was bomb too! Definitely one of my food highlights while visiting ASU.Good for:DatesInternship meetingsSending parents when you need to clear the beer cans from you placeChillin with friends!The only things to watch out for is: If it's busy, it will be kinda loud (acoustics or something) and you get squished pretty close the the people at the table next to you. Still soo worth it.
5	AMAZING FOOD, LARGE PORTIONS, GOOD SERVICE, BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE, what more is there to ask for.
2	I honestly think pita jungle is just mediocre and over priced. For all the times I've been there I have never experienced "wow" food. There are so many better places to experience mediterranean food so I personally avoid pita jungle like the plague.
5	I went last night with a small group of friends. The food was good. My friends loved their spankopita, i loved the hummus it was smooth and creamy, like you have never seen hummus this smooth before.  I had the baklava but on they call it baklawa, dont ask me why. It was hard to get my fork to cut me a piece, but still edible and tasted like baklava should. I just wish it was a little softer.loved the atomsphere and the decor,  felt so laid back and hipster-ish.. canvas painting on the walls and cool looking people :)..Our waitress was supernice and caring. she let us stay at the table after we were done and we stayed until 10pm (we were there at 6!) on a Tuesday night.. it wasnt too crowded but it was a good crowd for the middle of the week- on thanksgiving week.i'm definitely coming back!!! for the gyros and hummus and ill try new stuff during happy hour because the HH prices are cheap!
4	The outside of this restaurant looks like any other low end strip mall restaurant but when you walk in the atmosphere is very modern, clean and refreshing. The place gets really busy during lunch rush so don't expect a lot of attention from your server. Whenever I go to a new place like this I always like to get a sampler of some sort so I ordered the Meditterranean Platter. It came with Hummus, baba ganoosh, tsatziki, taboule, feta cheese, dolmades, falafel and green beans with two pitas fairly priced at $9.99. The portion was so huge I could have easily split it with another person. The Hummus was lightly seasoned and velvety smooth. The baba ganoosh was a little dry but easily moistened by the Tsatziki. My favorite of the platter was the Dolmades the Grape leaves were tasty and the filling complimented it very well at just the right cold temperature. This place has plenty of Vegetarians and even some Vegan options. If you're looking for a delicious and healthy alternative to fast food in the Tempe are, I highly recommend this place.
1	The food is excellent but the service is horrible.  If the service was even just ok I'd give them 5 stars
5	I haven't been to a bad Pita Jungle yet.  Pita Jungle is funky and fun, and with DELICIOUS reasonably-priced mediterranean food.  The staff are no nonsense and fast.
5	This was my first trip to a Pita Jungle .. but it definitely won't be my last!  The service was great.  And the food was better!  I had the salad with seared tuna, my friend had the black bean burger and we split a sampler plate of hummus.  The hummus was incredible!  Everything else was great too.   We'll definitely be back ..
5	I used to live by this place.  I quite miss it.  The 5* is for their hummus alone!  SO GOOD.  Three different kinds: cilantro jalapeno, red pepper, and regular.  I've not had anything bad here and have never left here hungry.  Staff is always friendly and speedy and the atmosphere is trendy/casual/relaxed/come as you are.  This place is super popular with the veggie/vegan set and for good reason: there are lots of options for those wanting their grub sans animalia.  Hard to criticize a place that combines great food, great value, and great fun!
4	I recently went to this location for the first time for a work lunch. Given that we have a party of 12 and it was lunchtime, I was surprised by how quickly we were able to get in and out. The srvice was pretty standard for Pita Jungle... Very apathetic. On the other hand, I loved the portobello pizza! It's not super easy to find since it is tucked away in a plaza and the layout is a bit more cramped, but overall a positive experience!
4	Not much to say here that hasn't being said.  PJ is my staple restaurant for fresh, healthy mediterranean inspired food. Avoid if you don't like crowds though, it's almost always busy.
4	The food was fantastic, I was quite surprised to find the atmosphere to be so comfortable. I would highly recommend this place to anyone, even though the food is very pricey for what you get. I've been to other Pita Jungles and they're all pretty similar, this one was the best experiences though. Waitress was attentive and kind, and answered questions thoroughly and nice. If you're on the edge, I recommend this Pita Jungle for dinner tonight.
5	Came here, it was pretty packed but we got seated immediately, we just missed the 3:30-5:30 happy hour and 9-close reverse happy hour ($1, $2, $3 menu), but all good. I split a Chipotle Chicken Pizza ($10) and a Mahi Mahi with Pita Chips ($10) with my brother. The pizza looked and tasted delicious! It looked like it was definitely worth more than $10, not that this is a bad thing, but it gave a reminiscent taste of Taco Bell's Mexican Pizza. Just the lime and saltiness of the sauce gave it a feel of taco sauce from taco bell, but trust me, it was great, and i'd come back to eat it again in a heart beat.The Mahi Mahi with Pita Chips was also pretty delciious, though the serving size was unfortunately not as big. For $10, I'm sure it was that price because of the fish, it was beautifully played, there was quite a generous amount of fish, though I woulda liked more than just 4 pita chips haha. With only four I was sort of forced to throw big chunks on my pita chips, but whatever. It was still delicious, and a cheap meal for 2! Around $24 after tip which isn't bad. Finally a place I got to eat out while I was visiting Tempe and I got to see all the college girls, hahaha!
4	This was my first trip to a Pita Jungle.. and I will be back.! The service was great. And the food was very good! I had the salad with seared tuna which excellent. I recommend this place to anyone.
5	I can't believe I haven't tried a Pita Jungle sooner and I can't wait to go back!The atmosphere was fantastic. Sprinkled with local art on the wall, the place was bright and welcoming. The restaurant was clean, neatly laid out, and fresh.The food was AMAZING! Is there another word for amazing? Because that doesn't do it justice. Unbelievable, hit the spot, fresh, super, fantastic. I ordered the honey glazed chicken pizza and will never think of another pizza the same way.The value was great. For $22, we had an excellent meal with great service in a wonderful location.GO TO PITA JUNGLE! You won't regret it.
5	Been back a few times since, and have had nothing but great experiences. Our last visit was awesome because it was later on Saturday night and wasn't very busy at all. Our waiter was really... chill? Lol! I don't really know what adjective to use for him. He was really quiet and reserved, but he was also one of the best waiters ever. Tons of refills, he was there when we needed him, and there was no forced small talk or unnecessary words. It's like he could see into our souls. Almost like he knew us better than we knew ourselves :OI have no idea what his name was but yeah, he was pretty awesome. The passion fruit iced tea was pretty good, and he even offered iced teas to go before we even thought of asking for any. Yeah, I pretty much peed a lot that night... way too much tea! (If there is such a thing!)That last experience really prompted me to bring this up to a 5 star rating. I love Pita Jungle, but other locations usually annoy me a bit. This one is just too awesome :)
4	The food was delicious, I was quite surprised to find the atmosphere to be so warm and friendly. I would highly recommend this place to anyone, the food is moderate price for what you get. The GM of  Pita Jungle that greeted me was very friendly, and helpful. He answered all of my many questions thoroughly and nice.
4	I am a vegetarian and I enjoyed the food. For starter's I had some pita bread with creamy cucumber yoghurt. For main course I had Mediterranean platter for which they gave some pita bread, 2 kinds  of hummus, vegi's  and some vegi Kabob ( which was delicious) and also yoghurt. The Desert was the best - the Baklawa. The ambiance is also great and so is the cost:-)
5	We hit up Pita Jungle before we headed to Gammage for a play last night and although it's not our first time to Pita Jungle, it was our first time to THIS Pita Jungle. The 5 stars is based on the awesome service experience we had. The food is always good, but Kevin, our server, was kind, polite, friendly, and helpful. But what really put it over the top was his very thoughtful gesture of bringing my son club soda and a cloth when my son inadvertently spilled food on his tie without even being asked. He even helped him get his tie clean. It's this kind of simple, yet sweet gesture that gets ya a big tip and Kevin earned every cent of it.Pita Jungle's food is delish. We had the hummus for an appetizer, just the basic hummus. It was creamy, flavorful, and the warm pitas were perfection. My son and I also had the chicken schwarma pita...our favorite. The chicken was perfectly done, not overly sauced, and the pita again was warm and wonderful. We finished the meal with a baklava sundae. OMG...I will be back if only for the sundae alone! Warm baklava with ice cream and chocolate sauce? YES PLEASE! The restaurant was super clean with lots of local art on the walls. The open floor plan made it very welcoming and bright without allowing for it to get too loud. Thank you so much for a great experience. We don't get to Tempe often, but we will definitely make a point to visit this Pita Jungle when we are there again!
5	For the money you spend here, the proportions are HUGE. You'll need a doggy bag. I ordered a side salad. It was as big as my head. I wanted to order Greek food, cause HELLO?, it's a Greek restaurant. However, my budget didn't allow me to order the lamb. Sooo, I ordered the next best thing. Mexican food!! Yes, they have it here too. I ordered a cheaper quesadilla so I can't comment on their Greek food, but let me say the quesadilla was really, really good. And I had to take most of it home because I was already full with the yummy salad. Enough of the food. So from the outside, the place looks like a shabby place. The location is in a tiny plaza between a bartending adademy and a Planned Parenthood. However, when you enter, you are transported to a classy, laidback restaurant. It's packed and for good reason. And on the wall, there are local artist's pieces displayed for sale so they apparently support local artists. Very cool in my book. It's along the light rail, which is good cause the parking lot is small. Even though it's packed, the waiters are VERY organized and attentive.
2	I love this place for nostalgia's sake. I always seem to end up disappointed by the time I walk out. My last two visits have been for brunch, perhaps that was my downfall. They really do not do brunch well.First off, when someone asks for egg whites, "we have tofu" is not an answer. If you are using eggs, egg whites are part of them. If you claim to not have them, it makes me wonder if you are using some sort of egg premix that cannot be separated.Furthermore, there is no sausage or bacon on the menu. I can totally wrap my head around there being little meat on the menu, and that there is a possibility of a religious exclusion of pork. Whatever, welcome to the 21st century! Chicken sausages are awesome! Turkey bacon and other fowl meats work beautifully! I like some meat with breakfast, grilled chicken just doesn't cut it (to be fair, I haven't had the grilled chicken, doesn't sound appetizing).Get the damn protesters off your street too! They suck ass!
3	Good food!  I ordered a chicken lavosh and it came with a bonus side salad.  Despite being packed waiter was attentive.  I would go back!
5	Pita Jungle is one of my favorites in town!  The food is amazingly crisp and fresh, and they have some inventive combinations as well as some authentic offerings.  The place can be a bit pricy depending on what you get, but it's a good value if you stick to the basics.Eat at Pita Jungle - you won't be disappointed!
4	Went with a date. She's a vegetarian and both of us were keeping kosher for Passover. This really limits our restaurant options. We ordered the garlic and green bean appetizer along with a platter of baba ganoosh. We asked if we could get cucumber slices instead of pita and there was no problem at all. We both each had a dinner salad (mine was greek, hers was yellow fin tuna honey sesame) both were delicious.
5	By far the best hummus in town. I love so many things on the menu. I love that their website has a section if you have any special dietary needs. Great place for happy hour as well.
4	Our server James was incredible: cute, patient, attentive and funny.  I'm STILL thinking about that Passionfruit Lemonade...*smacking my lips*.  The Chipotle Bean Burger and Chicken Pita (forgot which one my friend got, but she didn't leave a crumb!) was yummy.  The potatoes had good seasoning but were a tad overdone.  Dessert was DELICIOUS!  That Turtle Cheesecake is superb!  They lost 1 point for the rude employee by the payout area who seemed annoyed when we asked for dressing and ketchup AND for that cleaning lady who started sweeping around us while we were eating.  I absolutely HATE that!
4	Called in a to go order for a quick meal on a Sunday night for my wife and I. Was immediately greeted by one of the staff as I walked in and directed to the take away counter. During my short walk to the counter I found the restaurant to have a nice visual ambience and trendy modern decor with music that might have been just a touch loud. Overall, seems like it would be a decent place to go for a quick meal. The girl who brought my order was friendly and I was in and out very quickly.As for the food, I ordered the "One Thousand Bean" open face pita and my wife ordered the Pesto Lavosh Turkey Wrap. The bean pita had a fairly substantial pita with a layer of brown rice and medley of cooked beans with tomato, cilantro, and red onion as garnish. Overall, the ingredients were all quality and fresh. The bean blend gave it a nice mix of flavors but overall I felt like it was missing some spice and perhaps a little citrus or something to brighten up the flavors. My wife's wrap left similar impressions. The turkey was surprisingly good with a touch of honey sweetness without being overkill like a lot of other deli turkey. It also had a nice pesto and the grilled tomatoes added a nice touch but overall it still seemed a bit plain tasting.All in all, the food was made with quality ingredients and was good albeit a bit plain. Prices seemed a touch high at first but I think the quality and portions justify it. Will likely go back to try more in the future.
4	I love going to this place. I usually go with my sister to catch up with great conversation and great, healthy food. I had thought in the past that it was a fast greek chain like pita pit, but it's actually a sit down restaurant. We ALWAYS start with the Fruit & Cheese Fantasia. It is SO good, and it's gigantic. The fruit and the cheese are such good quality its hard to stop eating. I would order the mediterranean chicken pita, sometimes we would be so full from the fruit and cheese we would share one or take home half. The service is good, they are polite and timely with your order. I would recommend pita jungle.
5	No matter what you're craving, Pita Jungle can not only fulfill it, but it won't make you feel like crap after you eat it!I've eaten here once and the ambiance is really great! It's usually crowded but not too loud. Everyone that works here are incredibly friendly, as well.Most of the time, I just get to-go orders. They have salads that are to-die for. Lately I've been eating Paleo so food choices are limited, if not impossible, when I'm going out to eat. Not here! They have something for everyone no matter your diet (gluten-free, vegetarian, paleo, etc.)  To sum it up, you can't go wrong with the Jungle.
4	If you've lived in that area of Tempe for any length of time, and you havn't been to this spot, I don't know what to say to you. Its Mediterranean/Arabic food with some creative flair, and its as close to a landmark as there is in that town. It has spawned off somewhat of a mini-empire. The Hummus and Glazed Chicken Lavosh Pizza (w/ Sriracha on it!) were staples of my diet when I lived on Apache Blvd, and although the Chicken Schwarma Sandwich isn't quite on par with the Haji Baba (right down the street), its still probably in the top five I've ever had (and I'm from metro Detroit... home to more middle-eastern joints per capita than any city in the USA). I'd give it a five it wasn't so trendy, but hey, I haven't given anybody a five yet.
5	The service was fast and we got in and out in no time. I dont know if its just me, but I like to eat my lunch quickly on my lunch break so I can do other things, and thats what Pita Jungle offered me. Thank you!! Will come back.
5	Simply the best there is. From their hummus (the jalapeno-cilantro one is my fav), to the chicken pasta (my wife's fav) to the falafel or gyro's... you can't go wrong. Great service, chill atmosphere, decent prices and... the food.... AMAZING. I don't know why I don't go here more often. And I've frequented alot of them (the one on Apache, Ray Rd in Chandler & Ahwatukee)... They are often busy, especially weekends, but its well worth it. I like the diverse crowd too... its not like its JUST a haven for yogi's & hippies, which is nice. Nothing worse than feeling out of place, and this place, doesnt do that at all.
5	Everything here is good.  One of my favorite restaurants.  My favorite is one of two things just depends on how I feel that day and that would be the chicken lavosh shwarma or the chipotle chicken pizza.
2	I have been a customer of this establishme however over a decade and have always thought it was some of the best food in town. Over the past year approxamitly I've seen a steady decline in there customer service  and it pains me to say I am close to never going here again. There food as i mentioned is never the problem, they have a great menu and everyhing on it is excellent. Over the past year I've noticed it has slowly become harder and harder to place my orders over the phone due to long hold periods (5-10minutes). I tried staying mindful of how busy this place can be, assuming they'd get to me ASAP. This doesn't happen every time but enough to say it happens all to often. Up until recently I ordered take out 3 times a week. Over the past month 3 times in a row on seperate occasions I have call down there and was immediately placed on hold, which I don't mind as long as im promptly attended to as soon as possible but these were extremely long holds where I'd give up after 10 to 15 minutes. Naturally someone on hold can be forgotten by mistake from time to time, it happens. I've done it by accident myself, I wouldnt hold it against them if this happened every now and then on occasion. However lately it hasn't been out of the ordinary to be on hold for 5-10 minutes before being attended to, sometimes holding for quite some time then being hung up on. Last night I was placed on hold and waited 12 minutes trying to be patient and assuming they were busy. I hung up and thought I'd just called back 30 minutes later. This time the phone rang over and over and I couldn't get an answer. Me and my wife were set on having there food so we decided to wait another 15 minutes and call back. Once again we were instantly put on hold, I tried to get a word in to let them know I'd been waiting for 45min to put in an order, hoping they would at least assure me I would be attended to in a reasonable amount of time, but he didn't wait for me to say I was willing to hold he mechanically asked then immediately put me on hold. Once again I waited on hold for 8 minutes before I gave up. It is very disappointing, before this place became very popular the customer service was excellent and now it seems some of there workers have an attitude as if you are lucky to be eat there. I do however want to make it clear this review is a testament to the service I've received NOT the quality of the food. Pita Jungle over the past decade I've ate their food has progressively gotten better from what started already started as some of the best food in town. That in which has been what keeps me going back, but I will not continue to if I keep having such a hard time placing an order. When you place an order your hungry, having to hold and debate hanging up and calling back is too much of an irritation to deAl with when I'm ready to eat. Perhaps an online ordering system might be a good option for them if the incoming calls hard too hard to manage.
4	Oh, Pita Jungle. I'm so glad I moved to this part of town where you're just down the street from me!My first visit was last weekend, when I was meeting a friend for lunch and suggested Pita Jungle. I'd never been before, but I had heard very good things -- I had high hopes and they were about 99% satisfied. I assumed the place was a counter service-type restaurant, but I was pleased to find out that it was a bit classier than that, having full table service. The original Tempe location on Apache and Dorsey is very open and bright, though still cozy and inviting. My friend and I showed up shortly after noon on a Saturday and the place was moderately crowded, though we were seated right away. We split the plain hummus as an app, and it was some of the best hummus I'd ever had! Very smooth and creamy, which I prefer over some restaurant versions which retain some of their chunky/grainy texture. The flavor was excellent, not overpowered by either the lemon, garlic, or the tahini. The small order of hummus came with one pita, which we split, but we still had quite a bit of hummus left over. We each ordered the iced tea to drink, and were served a passion fruit-flavored tea that I thought was very good, but beware if you're a fan of regular, plain iced tea and think that's what you're ordering (Adam Carolla would have been pissed). For my main dish, I had the Turkey Pesto Lavosh Wrap, and my friend had one of the daily specials, which was 4 mini pita bread tacos (Pacos!). I know one variety had chicken, onion, a pineapple-mango relish, and cilantro, and I think the others had steak and pickled red onions, among other things. The service was rather quick, though I think our server left a little to be desired. He seemed as if he'd just woken up from a nap and seemed a bit confused at times, though his demeanor improved steadily through the course of our meal. My wrap was absolutely gigantic, and it came with a side Greek salad which was great. Beware of the kalamata olives, they're not pitted, so don't break a tooth! The wrap was very tasty, with crispy grilled lavosh bread and lots of good veggies. I took half to go as I was quite full from the first half and the salad, and the hummus to boot. We split the check and I think my total bill came out to $16 and change before tip, which might seem a bit pricey, but I did take home a sizeable portion of leftovers -- the half of my wrap, and the rest of my friend's Garlic New Potatoes that she got on the side and did not finish.I went again later in the same week and got the same wrap, to go. It was just as tasty as I remembered, though the lavosh bread was not quite as grilled as the first time I ordered it. Still good though!I got an order to-go again today, and decided to go with the California Beach Club, subbing grilled chicken for the usual turkey, an order of the potatoes, and an iced chai latte. VERY fast service, which was almost startlingly fast, though super friendly. I made a good choice with this meal, the wrap was very fresh and had lots of tender seasoned chicken and fresh, crisp veggies. The potatoes were once again excellent, and the pita club was just as large as the lavosh wrap. I saved half of each of the wrap and the potatoes, so even though my order total was $17 and change, I will get another full meal out of it! The pita wrap came with a side of tzatziki sauce which was very good, though I think it could've used a little more garlic. I also asked for a small side cup of hummus, and they even threw in a warm pita to go with it even though I didn't request it. Nice touch :)I'm already daydreaming about my next trip to Pita Jungle. I'm glad there's a place in my neighborhood that has such fresh, tasty, healthy food choices!
4	Love the atmosphere, staff and price! I had a falafel pita, which was delish! However, after looking up the nutritional information on their website, I saw that I had consumed over 800 calories! Next time, I would be more cautious about my order, but overall... everything was great!
4	I have to start out by saying that the service is so much better here then it was 4 years ago.I met my BFF for lunch here the other day, and even w/ school still out, it was packed. We werte, however, quickly seated. Our waitress was prompt, nice, and attentive. The food was good, as always. I had the California pita, she had the taboule (sp?).My only real complaint about this visit is about where we were seated: a little 2 top right inside the door. Which, dont get me wrong, was fine. Im not one of those people that usually complains about being seated near the kitchen or the door, except that everyone that came in after us packed inside to get out of the heat. And my fellow patrons were RUDE. Im sorry, i understand not wanting to wait outside, but DO NOT push up against someone who is seated at a table, block said person in their seat, and proceed to have a very loud, VERY inappropriate conversation over them. Im just thankful these guys werent spitters, cuz I'd have gotten a shower. /rantI digress. Food- good and too much, as always. If theres one thing to be said about PJ its that you definitely get your moneys worth. Service- great, it really has improved over the years and Im glad. Ill definitely go here again, and hopefully will no have to elbow some people away from my seat.
5	If you're in Tempe or Phoenix I HIGHLY recommend Pita Jungle - one of my favorite restaurants of all time - heathy, tasty & amazing!  Get the Mediterranean Sampler Platter & some kind of chicken!The food & ambience turned a pouting 12yr old into a happy kid again: and I think that's about the most amazing thing you can say about food. We split the Mediterranean Sampler Platter, Chicken over Cilantro Jalepeno Hummus (YUM! It's in the pics - looks like chicken over guacamole), 4 drinks and fed this family of 4 for $33!  Can't beat that at a great restaurant!!!Love, love, love this place - been coming since there was just the Tempe location on Apache back in the mid-90's.The service is EXCELLENT!
4	Just came from a visit at this location. Very friendly service, we had James as our waiter and we was humorous and accommodating of our group.We were informed we came during happy hour (really cheap and very small portions of appetizers, and cheap bottles of beer). They had two special menu cards, which other Pita Jungle locations don't often have. We tried a few of the happy hour tapas, and a few different chicken dishes throughout our visit. Nothing was extraordinary, but the environment of Pita Jungle is always uplifting.Great place for a casual meal or a date, the art on the wall is for sale (support your local artists), and the service is really nice. There is outdoor seating available, and the menu is vast enough to keep you coming back for more. Take-out service has been fast in my experience with other locations, and the pricing is just right.
4	Regular to-go customer of this location. Great chicken shwarma pita. Best to order your food during the week as the line gets tied up on weekends occasionally and the food is usually cooked better when they aren't rushed. My order always ready for pick up in about ten minutes nor more than fifteen. Parking is kinda bad though being an older location.
5	What a fantastic find! Thank you E. for mentioning this place. We love it! Even their ketchup tastes yummy! Great atmosphere, great staff, great food, great music, great art! Can't wait to try more options there! Thank you Pita Jungle for making my taste buds and tummy so happy! Great for veggie friends and non veggie friends too! Not too expensive either :) Enjoy!
3	go during happy hour or you are not getting a deal the food is a-okay. But not a place I would ever "crave" basic greek and pita food nothing crazy.. WHAT I DO LOVE ABOUT THIS PLACE IS  THE DECOR.
4	Ate here because it was my girlfriend's favorite when she was going to school in AZ. I had the spicy chicken wrap and it was very good. This place is billed as a healthy restaurant, and while the ingredients might be clean and nutritious, the portion size wasn't.  My wrap was massive!I'd surely eat here again, but I hate leaving so much food on the plate.
4	Great food! We were on vacation and ate at this place twice in a week the Gyros are great and I also really liked the veggie burger! So good thinking about it makes my mouth water. The place is big and spacious and it's kid friendly.
5	delicious!perfect hummus :)
5	The food is amazing and healthy! Love the Portabella Mushroom burger, it is top-notch and has such great flavors. Be sure to start out with the Roasted Red Pepper Humus, you won't regret it!
4	This is one of my favorite places! I highly recommend the jalapeno cilantro hummus. I've never had anything like it and I could seriously eat it by the bucketful. The tabouli is great, too, as is the seared ahi that they serve with hummus (an appetizer, I believe). My only complaint is that it gets really busy during the week at lunch. Luckily, they're great at carryout.
1	I have been frequenting Pita Jungle for over 7 years since I have moved to the Valley.  They WERE one of my favorite eateries.  I have hosted keynote speakers and workshop facilitators  from the college for lunch and dinner at Pita Jungle where we'd have upwards to 20 people at the restaurant and tip handsomely.Today for some reason I ,along with a group of friends, was ignored as we waited to be served.  We were seated and were not offered beverages until I began to wave my hands after sitting for 10 minutes.  The waters were brought to us by a reluctant host (no servers dared to approach the table...they all stared at one another) who told us that our server was busy but she'd be right with us.  Another seven minutes passed and she'd walked by our table six times and never looked in our direction.We decided to leave the establishment and the overworked server that couldn't acknowledge a party of three (while servicing multiple tables AROUND ours.)  In short, I will NOT be financially supporting Pita Jungle in the future. The lack of acknowledgement was so blatant that neighboring tables were looking at us and then looking at the server wondering what was going on...what a shame.
5	I love Pita jungle- fresh, delicious, and healthy food! It is a great alternative to all the junk food near ASU.
4	Love this place!Healthy food, great tastes, and a fun atmosphere.Be careful when you order out for lunch though! They've gotten my order wrong several times but have been extremely accommodating and apologetic- offering comped meals, etc.
4	I was in the area for business. So glad I ate here. I wish the concept came east! I had the Mediterranean sampler platter. That was some of the best Baba Ganoosh I ever had!
4	It's been a long time since we've been to this location, they have expanded onto the next door space, and added a small bar area.Now, with 3 kids in tow, and my littlest one a very wiggly toddler, I was getting anxious!  Now that I am a parent and am looking for kid-friendly but not-fast-food-places to go eat with the family, I thought we had made a mistake by going there, it didn't feel very "kid-friendly", plus my wiggly toddler started throwing her crayons all over, while her older siblings helped out by grabbing them. I thought the server was going to be annoyed, and our neighboring customers were going to get upset, but none of that was true.I am not a parent that lets my kids run wild, but my daughter was being a little loud, so I took her to the bathroom, had a little talk with her, and I don't know how much her little mind grasped of what was going on, she behaved really good, and customers and server were really helpful by not staring, not giving us the "eye", and actually interacting with us, and asking us her age :DWe had the Hummus and Chicken from the appetizer section for the little ones, that comes with pita bread, they all enjoyed it, and had enough for us to try it too. My hubby got the Wood-fired Fresh Salmon with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and wilted Spinach. He loved it, I thought it was really good, although he didn't leave enough to try everything, that's how good it was.Me, I got the the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap, with grilled chicken, tomatoes and onions, and it came with a side Greek Salad. The wrap was very good, but the salad was and eye opener, as far as the knowledge of how something so easy to prepare be so good. We've been making our own Greek Salads here at home for lunch, and dinner, yummy!!So, don't feel intimidated if you have little ones, but still want to enjoy of some very good, healthy food outside the house. The servers are really good, the atmosphere is very eclectic and fun, and food is delicious!!
5	As someone who doesn't like to eat red meat, I usually get stuck with pasta or a salad when I go out to lunch or dinner.  Pita Jungle is great for vegetarians or anyone who wants to eat cleaner. There's tons of different options that are all delicious.  Every time I go I try something new, and I have yet to be disappointed.  A great place to go with friends for a great meal!
5	This place is great! Wide open spaces and wholesome food that is more palatable than most. For the record--Any place that offers whole wheat substitutes is more than just alright in my book--and The Pita Jungle does.I ordered a Veggie Garden Wrap which consists of zucchini, broccoli, cauliflower, eggplant, yellow squash, carrots, onions, tomatoes, brown rice, mixed beans, ginger, herbs and garlic...on a whole wheat pita of course. Based on the price of about $7 I assumed it would be of modest portions but I was only able to eat one half. Bravo Pita Jungle, you have my heart.
5	I love this place. It's in a little corner on Apache but big in heart. The food isn't just for vegetarians or "green" people. There is chicken, fish, etc. The fruit fantasia platter is delicious for breakfast. My favorite dinner meal is the mahi mahi with humus. The service is always really attentive and polite. This location is decorated with original artwork that really compliments the atmosphere. It's just a great, cozy place to chat with people with delicious foods.
5	I love pita jungle! I hadn't been to this location before but it was just as good. It's an artsy decor with the open kitchen. Service is casual, yet still good. The food is always awesome and such huge portions! I always have to stop myself from finishing my meal because it tastes so good, before I have to be rolled out! On this trip my friend and I got the felafel appetizer and the grilled veggie wrap which was on the special. The wrap was around $9 and since we had the appetizer I brought half my sandwich home. If you've never been they make multiple varieties of hummus-all of which are good. I have never been disappointed with food here. Always fresh, delicious, healthy, huge portions and reasonable prices.
3	Was here at the beginning of February, and tried one of their breakfasts. It was ok, some sort of omelet. I can't remember what it was! It was very potato-heavy. I also feel really bad for them always having the pro-life crowd picketing all around the little strip mall. I think I'll stick to lunches.
5	I love this place. Great menu and tons to choose from. The staff is just a bunch of hippies but whatever. I recommend the chipotle chicken pizza, it is awesome! The pita is so fresh here as well. You will not be disappointed. The price is actually ok too! Hummus is great, teas and juices are even better. You won't regret this choice.
1	Worst service..no water provided..because who really needs that in Az? No one checked on me after my food arrived and they forgot my to go cup of Tea.  Fo-riz..its 3:30pm not like they were busy or anything.  Go to the Shea or Chandler location...so much better! I'll never come back to this one.
4	What's great about this place is that you get good food pretty quickly if you don't have a lot of time. It has a casual feel but the food is more of what you'd getting in a 'nicer' setting. I had the chicken shawarma, which was pretty good. It wasn't the best I ever had but it was flavorable and juicy. I thought the service was good and I like how open the dining area was. For a quick, healthy option I would definitely return here.
5	Great Healthy Restaurant.  The food had fantastic flavoring and was cooked perfectly.  Definitely worth a try.
5	The best!
3	Great place but inconsistent.
5	I used to go here a lot as a young teenager. Since then I have moved out of town but I ALWAYS make it a point to come back here and eat something. I most always order the Mediterranean Chicken (Shwarma) Pita. Which has never let me down. This time I took a chance and tried the spicy chicken pita. Omg there was enough tasty veggies, beans and chicken inside to feed a small country! The pita if you unfold it is the size of a large plate and they are very generous! It was not too spicy (for me) but all those veggies are what really did it for me. It just burst with flavor!! Make sure you come starving or be prepared to take at least 1/2 home! Love this place, I will continue to keep coming here when I am home. Very proud of their success and its well deserved!
5	Love it.Good fresh food. You can watch them cook the chicken not just heat it up. Very generous portions an entire chicken breast and about 4 cups of rice. My favorite order is a side of brown rice a side of seasoned chicken and a side of feta. This depending on which Pita jungle you are at will run you anywhere form $5.89 to $7.89 the location at the Scottsdale Fashion Center food court is the cheaper one but you have to deal with the crowds.
5	I love this place! I wish they had them in California.  I go here very time I'm in AZ at least 2-3 times.  The food is always great, the place is clean and the staff is awesome and kind.
5	I have been to a couple of the PJ locations and this one is by far the greatest.  The location (right off the light rail & in a strip mall) doesn't even matter in the light of the great service and awesome food.  Iced chai...best I've ever had...salmon, delicious...ahi tuna wrap, oh my gosh.  It is all so good and the friendly staff makes it worth the awkward location an somewhat pricey items. Great healthy options that don't lack flavor!!
5	Best bargain around town. You get lots of great tasting food here for cheap prices. I've been coming here for about 15-20 years now and have never been disappointed. Great artsy/Tempe atmosphere as well. Can never go wrong with their Lentil Fetoosh salad.
3	A fantastic place to go if you have a group with different tastes. Here, you have quite the range of options for both meat eaters and vegetarians. You can definitely find something on the healthier side of restaurant fare. Each and every Pita Jungle has a little bit of a different flare that does a pretty good job of matching the local feel. So all in all, Pita Jungle is an easy choice for a relaxed lunch or dinner.Sad to say, however, that in the last year I have seen the quality of their food and service continually decline. I have been coming to Pita Jungle for years, and it's unfortunate that I no longer trust that I will get the same good quality of which I know they are capable. Dishes that I have noticed are inconsistent include the coconut curry soup and the lentil fatoosh (I find this particularly sad as those are two of my favorites). The Caribbean salad is also hit and miss, but this is likely highly dependent on what is in season. There are, however, things I have ordered that I have always been pleased with, including the baba ganoush, hummus, falafel wrap and black bean burger.
4	Should have tried this place sooner. The oven wasn't working on this day, but I wanted the Chicken Shawrma Pita anyway. The thing was huge and the roasted white meat chicken that was inside was delicious. Got some pickles in the last few bites also, but next time will get garlic sauce on side. Both Tahini and garlic in same sandwich are too much. One of the better chicken pitas in town in terms of the overstuffed variety. I think the Pita Bread or pita wrap? could have been bigger or fresher, but still quite satisfying. Also ordered a side of garlic new red potatoes and these were big wedges of potatoes loaded with spices and of course garlic. Counter girl was helpful, but the other counter girl probably should not have been crouching down and eating food right where folks place to-go orders. Show some class and eat in the back.
1	My expierence was bad but happy to see there are some people who are giving 4 or 5 stars. There is hope.Got seated at a dirty table.When they cleaned table with a wet rag.....in front of my date and myself as we are seated at the table, the wet rag left a nasty mold smell. Obiviously they didnt switch rags or water. We moved to a different table.When I ran out of water, I put my empty glass on the edge of the table for the waiter to at least get the hint I needed a refill. When my beef Pita got to my table at a reasonable time. I ate my dish without my glass of water being filled once by our waiter. The only water I got after my first glass was water from my ice melting.My date was smart and lightly drank her glass of soda throughout the entire sit.Food was great but, service sucked and only would be getting take outs from this particular location.
5	I have been a HUGE fan of Pita Jungle since moving to Arizona 7 years ago.  Everything I have tried has been tasty, fresh, and reasonably priced.  Their hummus is incredible, especially the red bell pepper.  My husband likes the cilantro hummus better, and while it's also great, it's not red bell pepper hummus ;).  Every location we have been to has had great, attentive service, a laid back setting, and flavorful, affordable food.However, I really want to give a special shout out to this location, particularly to Brenda, the general/event manager.  My husband and I got married this past March, and we looked in to several places around the Tempe area to hold our rehearsal dinner.  Several places want a ridiculous amount of money as a down payment, and don't offer a customizable menu that is set by the couple.  We called Pita Jungle and inquired to if they offer rehearsal dinner accommodations, and were told to set up a meeting with Brenda.We are SO glad that we met with Brenda.  She was willing to work with us on whatever we wanted for our dinner.  We got to pick the entrees we wanted to offer our guests, what types of beverages (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic), appetizers, desserts - the works.  When we asked her about a down payment, she simply smiled and said that wasn't necessary.  WOW.  We immediately booked our reservation - for 45 guests.When we arrived the day of the rehearsal dinner, not only was a part of the restaurant sectioned off for us, but Brenda and her staff had gone out of their way to decorate the tables with flowers and menus in our weddings colors, and they offered complimentary champagne to all of my of-age guests.  The service was top notch, food was amazing (all of our guests complimented it, and several of them were from out of town and had never been to Pita Jungle), and when we got our bill, we could not believe how cheap it was.  We were sure to tip well :)!If you are looking for great food and great people, I cannot recommend Pita Jungle enough.  If I could give 10 stars, I would!
4	I have to say this place is good. I am not a person who likes to try anything different. I like what I like and that is it. I do not like to eat dinner food for Breakfast like my girlfriend does. HeeheeSeriously, she will eat eggs for dinner and pasta with gravey for Breakfast.Anyway, pita Bread or Wrap it is a hard choice as they are both really good.The portions of food are huge. Almost too much, but hey I am not complaining.I like my sandwhiches with Garlic,not tahini.Chicken is really good and I do not normally go for chicken.Every thing seems to be really fresh I must say and the salads are great.
5	The Pita Jungle in Tempe is by far the best PJ around!  Love their food - the hummus is the best I've ever had.
5	I have eaten here over a hundred times and am still not sick of it! I binged on the Turkey Pesto for a few months and eventually decided to venture into something else. The glazed chicken lavosh pizza (add broccoli) is amazing, hummus/ chicken is always a solid choice especially with a side of cucumber. Hmm, Fruit Fantasia is a little pricey but completely worth it if you feel like spoiling yourself with a fresh mound of deliciousness. The vibe inside perfectly blends a casual feel with class, and has a nice open kitchen where you can see the masters at work.
2	I have been in Pita Jungle now a couple of times it was my first time at this Pita Jungle, cute little restaurant in Tempe.  My friend and I just went for a light dinner.  So, we ended up getting the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus and some Tzatziki.  Wow, I forgot how awesome the hummus is at Pita Jungle, nice and spicy. If you have not been to Pita Jungle for hummus you are definitely missing out.    While when we were trying to pay for our bill, our service was telling us that the credit card server was down and that we can only pay with cash.  First of all you never tell your customers that you can only take cash at a restaurant when they take credit card too.  Second you can write down the credit card number on a credit card slip and then have the customer sigh it.  Third the guy was like you can wait around until the system comes back up.  Yeah no, we will just pay cash and leave.    Our server was very nice and kept our drinks filled the whole time we were there.  Normally I did not leave a 2 star rating, but that was just not acceptable for customer services.  Happy Yelping.
5	Always an awesome experience. Everything on the menu is incredible. Love the atmosphere, and the service as well.
3	I like this place. Prior to my East Coast Foodies event there, I had never been to Pita Jungle. Everyone has said how amazing they are. So, when I found out that they have happy hour, I set up an event and off us foodies went.My fellow foodies enjoyed $2.00 beers, and $4.00 glasses of wine ( I believe) and the happy hour food menu was great! I really enjoyed my falafel, side of lentils/brown rice, and carmelized cauliflower! What a filling and healthy meal.I will go back very soon for happy hour.Love,The East Coast Foodie
5	I went to Pita Jungle last night and I had an amazing experience ! I had an Awesome mealI had an Awesome serverI will recommend it !
3	Pita Jungle is a great place to go for great food for any lunch meeting or dinner. I have never had a bad meal once. I have been here several times now and every entree is always prepared fresh and creative. You cannot go wrong with any of these... starter hummus plate, yellowfin tuna honey sesame salad, hummus with seared ahi tuna, shawarma roasted chicken wrap or wood-fired fresh salmon. Staff is always friendly as well. Our waiter today was extremely helpful. Only issue is the interior needs some work. The table we sat at today was very wobbly and sticky, it didn't seem like it was cleaned before we sat down. There is also some ductwork and diffusers that need to be cleaned, they are extremely dusty and dirty located above where the drinks sit (gross!). Looking up at those almost made me nauseous and not wanting to eat the food. Some improvements would most likely increase my rating to four stars.
5	Always amazing. Every location is good. I love the chicken shwarma pita! This location is my favorite. First one I ever went to and consistantly awesome!
1	LOVED this place until I found a fly in my pita today, the waitress was such a doll and took it back, brought me a new one and didnt charge me, but still sad to say, I won't be coming back to this location again.
5	I always love going to pita jungle. The food is very fresh and there's a great variety on the menu. The main reason my family eats there is because it's one of the healthier restaurants in the valley. It is constantly busy but yet we get seated in little wait. The service is fast and the environment is comfortable and has a lot of energy without being too noisy. The decor is modern and the pricing is reasonable. The restaurant has open seating that gives customers plenty of room to feel comfortable. It has a great feel, the food is great, and it's my go to restaurant.
1	I have been going here since it first opened as the "only" PJ location in town, & with the original owners. Since they went into franchise, the staff has turned horrible and the food is not much better... we have gone back multiple times over the last year, hoping things would get better. We will NOT be going to this location again. This is a great shame as I am vegan and they used to be able to cater to that - when they actually took pride in their cooking. Sad state when the best PJ is in Gilbert... To mgmt or owner or whomever cares about this location: hire better staff and start showing some interest in your restaurant!
4	One of my all time favorite Tempe lunch spots. Great place to take friends who can't decide what they want. I've never been disappointed with pita wraps and hummus - order extra cucumber and pickles for dipping.
4	I fuckin love this place. I was surprised to hear that they have a location in Pasadena. The Shawarma and hummus combo is so good and tasty.
3	Food was good and creative.  I will be going back.
5	This place will blow your mind. You like humus?...neither did I...until now!! Fresh and healthy food. Great and fast service.
3	I've spent 8 years in the valley and last week was my first time dining at Pita Jungle. It was pretty busy when I walked in, but I was quickly seated and waited for my other to join me. I browsed the menu, which are old(er) and falling apart which was kind of a bummer considering how popular this place is. Our server was attentive at first, but there was a noticeable wait for delivering our drinks and returning to take our order. A lot of things looked great, but I decided on the med chicken schwarma and added the garlic potatoes. My bf had the broiled chicken pita and the beans. The food came out pretty quickly and we dug in. I enjoyed my pita - it was as expected and really filling. The potatoes were good also. My bf liked his meal, but noted that the mixed beans were cold, not sure if that was intentional or not. I'll definitely give them another try, especially since there is a location near my office.
4	Quick easy and a healthy delicious place to dine at any time. I come to pita jungle all the time for their hummus and amazing entrees. Everything is big portioned so you always have some to take home and enjoy later.
4	Loved their yellowfin tuna salad with strawberries and pineapples. We usually call ahead and get their food to go and it usually takes 45 minutes or longer which I do not understand. Especially for a salad or cold pita. Food is delicious and very fresh however seems a bit pricey for the serving size.
2	Went to Pita Jungle for lunch.  Ordered a falafel sandwich.  The food was okay, but there are so many other wonderful Middle Eastern restaurants in the vicinity.  I would rather have gone somewhere else.  The food was not impressive for me, and I happen to enjoy Middle East/Lebanese style food.  If I was not there meeting someone, I would have gone to some other other Middle Eastern restaurant in Tempe located nearby.
5	Went here recently and forgot how much I loved this place. I would eat just the baba ganoush. Chicken curry salad yummmmm. Sorry this is not the deepest review but I just love their food. If only they were closer to where we live, this would be our go-to 'we don't wanna cook tonight' place and we'd be a lot healthier than the pizza-and-wings place that's currently our go-to!
5	Excellent food, lots of healthy choices, pleasant and low key atmosphere. Well done, PJ!
5	This place was healthy, reasonably-priced & DELICIOUS.  My family was bone-tired after two baseball games in the heat, but we hadn't had a real meal all day, just constant snacking on junk.  We needed something healthy!  Pita Jungle was exactly right for us. I had chicken, black beans, corn & tomatoes and it was so good.  My husband had a mozzarella, tomato & basil salad which was super fresh. The kids meals were the best kids options I've ever seen - no grilled cheese or chix fingers here!  Kids had 4 choices, which covered protein ( hummus & tofu were options along w meat), grains, vegetables & fruit. All three of my kids ate every bite. Our service was great as well.My only complaint is that we don't have a Pita Jungle in San Diego!
5	Good food. Healthy food to be exact. Crazy portion sizes. Salads are enormous. Hummus is to-die-for. Always friendly and helpful with things I don't understand on the menu. The pizza are great here and I always get them on the lavosh bread. I rarely support chain restaurants, however here they keep it good, simple and me a regular.
5	So the food here is really really tasty and fresh. Their grilled chicken salad is awesome. Also the fruit and cheese plate is delicious and huge. The service has always been friendly and fast and their pizzas are so good.
5	I was worried at first, due to the surrounding area and shops. But the interior was nice and the food was amazing. Even for my standards. Highly recommended A++ Lavosh shawarma wrap was very good
5	fantastic eatch concoius place. The tuna salad is out f this world and all of their smoothies rock! So grateful for Pita Jungle!
3	Do you ever just crave jalapeno & cilantro hummus? No? Well I do, and still recently new in my area of town so unfamiliar to all that is in my surroundings, so I checked the Yelp app for hummus and Pita Jungle showed up, and get this it's within 3 miles of my place, so this was a win win for me!I knew what I wanted so I called my order in, I got a small side of jalapeno cilantro hummus with cucumbers and a chicken shawarma pita with garlic potatoes was told my order would be ready for pick up in 10 to 15 minutes.  Arrived at Pita Jungle, and have to say I like the setup of this place, and it seems to me that maybe each Pita Jungle is set up a little differently, which is cool, I like variety. Even the small hummus is enough to share between 2 people and the side of cucumber looked like it was maybe a whole cucumber and this side was delish, just what I was craving. The garlic potatoes are always a favorite with me at Pita Jungle but the chicken shawarma wasn't that great, I couldn't place my finger on but something was off so I didn't finish that. I can't really attest to service since I was a pick up only, but I was greeted by the hostess when I entered and showed were to get my order. Glad to have found Pita Jungle in my area, I'm sure I will be back.
5	My wife and I come here at least three times week.  Don't be afraid to try the specials, Kafta pizza and burger are great.
5	Pita jungle has excellent Greek salad and the service is always good! The hummus is great, and their lemonade is freshly made! Great choice!
5	I love their food.  The Medchilada is great the Tropical tea is awesome.  My kids ordered Strawberry smoothies and even though they were 5.99 I couldn't be mad because they were so damned good.  I've also had their Mahi Mahi with pita chips another great choice.
5	I love this place!!! rawr! rawr, rawr!but reading some of these reviews is like reading erotica. skinny hipsters of earth stop fetishizing the hummus! why you got to make me feel icky reading your review.btw... lots of angsty young folks eat here. service is ab fab! rawr rawr rawr!
4	Came out to AZ to visit a good friend and she took me here for dinner, deff have to say everything I had was real good; chicken hummus wrap. All on point, well seasoned, good atmosphere and good service over all and the portion size was more then enough. If I'm ever back in Tempe inwould deff go back here for lunch or dinner
5	Really great food and great service. The staff is always friendly. I'd recommend getting the chicken pasta salad, Philly chicken pita, or, if you're really hungry, the curry chicken salad. Also, their lemonade is on point...not that minute maid crap.
4	Pita Jungle is a fresh change from the fried food scenery. When I'm in the mood for something healthy and unique, I like to go to lunch at Pita Jungle. Getting there is not the hard part, it's deciding what to order! I love so many things on the menu including the chicken pita and tzatziki with hummus or a delicious salad. Also, the new potatoes are amazing!!!I like how the staff is free to be themselves at work and don't have to dress in a uniform. The servers seem to be happy and able to walk around in their own stylish, comfortable clothes. One downside, they don't have much in the way of a bar. I ordered a sangria and it was meh. So I'll stick to a nice tea or lemonade next time.
3	The yelp description for three stars is totally accurate when it came to this place.  It was A-OK.  The location was decent.  The decor was decent, though the two-top tables were a bit small if you ordered anything more than what would come out on a small plate.  The service was fine.  The food was okay.  Some things were definitely better than others.  The babaganoush was pretty bland; but the hummus made up for that.  The falafel was a little dry; but the tabouleh was good.  The salads were HUGE.  The prices were pretty decent.  Overall, it was an alright Mediterranean jam.
5	If in the Tempe Az Area, Must Go!Delicious Food! Great Service! The Chicken Shawarma's are to Die For!The Potatoes are Yummy Too!:PAnd the Hummus is Very Tasty and Creamy with Pitta Bread, Love There Pink Lemonade Like Home Made!  Big Servings!
5	In the past 6 months since I've been eating healthy and losing weight (119 pounds)  Pita Jungle has become my go to place for outstanding healthy food. I usually go to the restaurants in Scottsdale and the food and service have been delightfully consistent at both restaurants. If you like good healthy food, this is the place for you!
4	Pita Jungle is a go-to in the area for fast, fresh, delicous options for lunch. I know they have dinner too but I love the lunches here -they get you in, fed, and out the door in under an hour without fail. Never had a bad meal, did the Falafel salad today and it was divine. They serve it with pita bread too so if you were craving a pita wrap, you can make one from your salad plate! The sandwiches are great, the salmon was wonderful the last time I was here. All in all, this place cant be beat. The location is a little hard to get to being on the light rail route, but its worth it to get your fix. I always leave full and happy, but not too light in the wallet :)
5	Everything was great! I ordered the chicken shawarma and a small side of hummus.When I called to place a carry out they said it would be ready in five minutes. I picked it up about an hour later but actually didn't end up eating it until about a half an hour after that. Basically one and a half hours later it was still delicious. The pickles are amazing, the mixed green are delicious... I will probably order a salad next time. The chicken was cooked just right and perfect amounts of everything. The hummus was very memorable. Will be coming here often!
4	A great place to get your healthy food fix. Nice variety on the menu with vegan options.
5	Great, vegetarian-friendly restaurant with lots of healthy options and great prices. I especially like the lentil fetoosh salad and the veggie garden wrap. Also, if you are in the mood to splurge, their nachos are out of this world.  All of their starters (hummus, etc) are delicious.  This is a great place to go with groups or on a low-key date.  Their service is always very friendly too!
3	The portabello burger is soooo nasty! Yuck! The only things we get are the thousand bean pitta which is really good and the pesto pizza yummy as well. They have fast service.
4	A very interesting dining experience. A unique flavor in every dish, if you're tired of the same old flavors around town, this place will reignite your taste buds. As a vegetarian this place has a great variety on the menu. I have tried the 'Healthy Burgers', the Tapas, been really satisfied. They have a super value Happy Hour (3-530pm, reverse 9pm to close) menu. Have to go back here to try some more stuff.
3	I remember this place before it served alcohol.  I've had the shawarma pita many, many times here, but the last time it did not taste the same----I was trying to figure out what they did wrong (it was the first time I didn't finish it).  I like the cilantro/jalapeno hummus,,,,
3	Never met soneone who ate there and didn't like it.I thought it was okay on three occasions at two locations.
4	Yesterday they had a small mishap on my order and i was unable to go back in for them to correct it. They told don't worry we'll take care of it. They did today without any questions. Kuddos to this place you still have me as a loyal customer.
5	Came in with a group of ten people 30 minutes before closing for a going away dinner for our buddy an couldn't have felt more welcomed by Kevin our server! He was so nice an so acomidating! The food was almost as good as the service! We will all definetly be back! Thank you so much kevin an pita jungle for making it a nite to remember!
5	I went there for lunch with my wife and the food was amazing!  They have so many options and it is all fresh.  Not to mention the services was exceptional.  I had 14 family and friends in town to watch me complete in the Ironman and I took them all there the day before.  Everyone loved their food!  If this place was in Orange County I would go a few times a month.  Highly recommend!!!
5	Just about all the food on the menu is super tasty and seemingly healthy when compared to other dinner options. Sometimes service is a bit slow even when the restaurant is a very full but the staff is always friendly. Another big plus, they almost always let you substitute items on the menu and mix-and-match sides. Atmosphere is quaint and the rotating local artwork is always fun to look at.
3	I absolutely love the broiled chicken salad or broiled chicken pita too. I am giving it a fair the stars because one time it can be great food and service and the next time the food is just as bad as the service,  yet we all come here fairly often.  The rice pudding is great,  but again sometimes it's a hit or a miss. I wish it was more consistent and had more servers who cared, not all the same.  Siiiigh.
5	Consistently good food and top notch service.  I love the vibe in this place and the local artwork featured.  I have been coming here for many years and have always enjoyed this place.  The servers are always friendly, upbeat and helpful with choosing menu items.  They offer so many different food options to appeal to all different tastes.
5	Three words: Chicken and Hummus! Omg.. If the most addictive drug in the World had a food equivalent, this would be it! I made a small change to my order because I didn't want the pan fried olive oil chicken.  I requested the chicken 'shawarma' with half red bell-pepper hummus and half regular hummus...so goood!
5	Love Pita Jungle!  The food is always good and the service is wonderful.  They feature local artwork which give the place great character.  So many different choices to choose from the only difficulty about coming here is deciding what to eat!
