4	Now that I've dined at Cantina Laredo a handful of times, I'd say it's the place I'd recommend for people looking for a "nicer" Mexican restaurant. The best way I can describe it is to say that it "fits" in North Scottsdale. Although Cantina Laredo is not (as of yet) a chain restaurant, it definitely has the polished, upscale, corporate feel of let's say, for example, Cheesecake Factory... but it's quality Mexican food.Every time I've ended up at Cantina Laredo it's been lunch... as odd as that happens to be for me. On one hand, this means I've had the benefit of lunch portions and lunch prices... on the other hand, it means I've never seen the diner menu (I'm assuming the short menu I have seen with the low prices was for lunch only). As of writing this review, there are many excellent two item lunch combos for $7.99.As with most Mexican resturants, the meal began with tortilla chips and two kinds of salsa... only this time when they said one of the salsas was "hot" they actually meant temperature. They were equally spicy, but one was served warm. The flavors of the salsa varied greatly, which was appreciated.The first time I dined, I had two cheese enchiladas with rice and beans (of which you get a choice between three varieties). I was nervous when the plate came to the table because it looked like they were drowning in red sauce, but they turned out to be excellent. The cheese managed to keep a great deal of flavor and the sauce turned out to be thicker than it first appeared.Today for lunch, I had a cheese enchilada and beef taco combo. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the beef was what many other lesser Mexican restaurants would describe as "steak" although it also felt a little drier than I would've liked it. I still managed to "clean my plate", hence the positive review. My dining companion had a chicken enchilada and chicken taco combo and was very pleased as well.This brings us to the desert tray. I did not have room for desert at the end of my meal... in fact, I ate waaaaay too much, but I passed the tray on the way to my booth (it's very strategically located so you see it before you start your meal). With the caveat that this is totally hearsay, I have it on "good authority" that the double chocolate cake is nothing short of amazing. Next time I go I think I'm going to leave room for either that or the flan.
5	If there was a Cantina Laredo in my home (Los Angeles) I would dine here regularly despite the multitude and variety of Mexican dining options.      Needless to say, when I'm in Scottsdale, I often find myself drawn to Cantina Laredo.  From the moment you're in, to the moment you're out, Cantina Laredo takes excellent care of your tastebuds.  The chips are salsa aren't filler but a real treat.  Their homemade salsas are worthy of bringing in your own jars to export back home -- some of my favorite salsa anywhere.  I believe they have three different kinds.  Their tequila options are wonderful allowing for creative margaritas or a fine neat glass of 100% pure agave goodness.  (I promise to never use that phrase again, sorry Readers.)The entrees aren't just your common taco/burrito fare.  Using juicy meats, creative homemade sauces, and interesting pairings, Cantina Laredo professes its love for Mexican food and culture -- reminding diners how lovable these things are.The decor and various areas are all quite nice as well.  An excellent complement to what always proves to be an excellent meal._C$
4	I chose this place for a group of us to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday (as we had been to Maggiano's twice in the past month I wanted to find something new).  I was very surprised at how good it was.  They were extremely accommodating to a large group (15) and the food was great.  While it is a little more upscale for a Mexican place there were some well price dishes.  The closest comparison for me is Z Tejas.  The combination plates they have are terrific value as I got two tasty enchiladas and a steak taco al carbon (rolled soft taco basically) for 12 bucks.  The margaritas (starting at $8) hit the spot and are even better if you upgrade the tequila to any from their large selection for just $2.  Well priced beers (for N. Scottsdale) at $4.  Guacamole ($7) tasted amazing and was a nice little treat to have it made fresh at the table.  The entrees ranged in price from $10 to $25 and had something for everybody.  Very attentive service for such a large group (although towards the end they were a little overbearing as they wanted us to get the hell out).  Highly recommend to anybody.  Will be nice when they open another one on the East Side of town (planned for Spring 08 in the San Tan Keirland wannabe)
4	This is the first Cantina Laredo I have been to.  The guacamole prepared table-side and the pablano pepper stuffed with cheese and shrimp and wrapped in steak break my heart they're so good.  Now that they have opened one nearby in Sandestin, FL, I'm in heaven.
5	I love Cantina Laredo!Great for lunch or dinner.  Get the guacamole made at your table, sooo yummy!  My favorite dish is the chicken mole enchilada. If you have never tried mole, this is the place to do it.  It is so rich with flavor.  I tried something else once and it didn't even compare to the mole enchiladas, so I pretty much just stick to that dish every time.  They also have a great Sunday brunch menu, but I never get up early enough to try it out!The margaritas are STRONG, I get pretty happy with just one.  They also serve warm(as in temperature)  and cold salsa with the chips.  They both are fantastic. One funny thing I noticed, every waiter/waitress I've ever had has an accent.  Either they only hire Spanish speaking people or they tell them all to fake an accent so the place feels more authentic!Oh, I almost forgot...They have this amazing desert.  I don't know what it's called, but it has the most enticing smell.  It's some kinda sizzling cake, cinnamon ice cream, brandy butter goodness. Try it, you'll die!
4	Thursday night happy hour is half off certain appetizers and drinks.  I managed to get a real margarita (NO MARGARITA MIX) and a plate full of tacos al pastor for $8.25 before tax and tip.  I was hugely impressed by being able to do this in North Scottsdale and am willing to drive back up there for a second try.
4	What can I say, Great food and great Margarita's...The atmosphere is fun, and lively - the wait staff is excellent (not a bunch of summer kids filling time) but a professional staff. The bar is medium size and elegant looking - and they have 5 nice tall large round table in the bar so you can dine there as well. The main restaurant area is just as elegant as the bar area. We usually sit and eat in the bar areas of most restaurants.  The food is always good and the kitchens fast on getting food out.  If you like Guacamole, this is the place to get it - they make it fresh right at your table.. and the chips are always crisp.  If you are looking for the Typical "chain Mexican food type restaurant", then this is not the place to go.  The food is Mexican, but with style and flair... Different but great.
1	So, I went here the first time like 2 and a half yrs ago. I really liked it, so I decided to go there when someone gave me a gift certificate there.I ordered a burrito and my girlfriend ordered a grilled chicken breast.She was eating it and was like this taste soo bad. I was like let me try!I took one bite and the chicken tasted soo badly of fish it was soo gross.Why would the chicken taste like fish?!?!Well needless to say she got food poisoning and had to miss work for the next day.Although they do have a tranny that works there and she is really nice. We always get her as our server and she gave us the "family "discount when we came.But, I wont eat there again
3	Imagine Mary Smith goes to Los Dos Molinos. She leaves there saying: "Oh my gosh Fred, that food was so spicy and I could barely understand that waiter. Let's go to Cantina Laredo because it's such a nice restaurant and the grilled prime rib fajitas with asiago cheese was delicious."Yes, this food is completely tailored toward Mary Smith and judging by the reviews below, I think you will agree with me. The menu and cooking style truly reminds you more of a seafood+steak restaurant with a Mexican flare as opposed to genuine Mexican food. It's Americanized mexican food at its finest. Their guacamole and margaritas are great. This is a good place to go for hapy hour but don't go to this place seeking good Mexican food.Nonetheless, it has all the features that make the Mary Smiths happy in this world. It's a clean restaurant with marble and glass. The waiters all speak English well and wear uniforms with ties. The food is not hot or spicy.  I think they will even sing Happy Birthday to you and give you a free cheesecake..who knows
3	I went on a saturday night with my husband-it was pretty empty. we decided to sit outside on the patio, next to the firepit, which really made for great ambiance. It was just really nice. I loved the mix of music that was playing on the speakers. Salsa and all sort of spanish music. Food was ok-the rice was over seasoned but still edible.Nice place..I'd go back.
4	For a brunch munch, Cantina Laredo delivers a tasty Mexican food punch! While in search of a place, the free Mimosas or Blood Marie attracted my friends' and my attention. As dubious as a lure sounds, the food was delicious! We ordered chorizo con huevos, carne asda y huevos, and huevos rancheros. Just like the menu suggested, we really thought we were just getting eggs and a bit of meat. To our surprise, the plentiful platter came with delicious sweet white bread, potatoes with melted cheese, and syrup-soaked sun-ripen fruit. Needless to say we were stuffed.The sweet bread is a crowd-pleaser. If only I had my hands on that recipe. And another kicker? This place is a chain. We thought, "No way!" Too bad it is not in California, yet. The tasty food really knocked my taste buds out of my tongue!
2	Dude.  I am so bummed.  This is pretty much my most favorite restaurant in Dallas and I was SO excited to find that there is one here.  Sadly, it's not the same and the standards are definitely completely different.  I ordered my favorite dish - the enchiladas veracruz - and they came out a bit sub standard.  You see, Cantina Laredo originated in Dallas and in the Park Cities, it's ace.  They are ON it.  The manager always comes by your table to check on you, the service is impeccable, the food is fresh, crisp, and amazing.  In Scottsdale, it was slimy - the sauteed veggies came out mushy and deluged in oil, not sauteed to perfection.  The rice tasted like it had been under a warmer for a while and in Dallas, that is a serious no-no.  I passed up on some other choices to eat here and I wish I hadn't.  Who knows what else I might have discovered.  Oh well....
2	We are frequent visitors to the Scottsdale area and have historically liked this place.  Last night was a HUGE disappointment.  The restaurant was quite empty, but that didn't stop the service from being incredibly slow.  Our waiter was cool, bordering on sullen.  When we asked for more water, he came by and said in a snooty voice, "Don't worry, I haven't forgotten about you", then proceeded to do just that.  We had the guacamole (made at our table), which was excellent.  However, it sat at our table all by its lonesome for a good five minutes before he thought to bring chips.  He rarely checked on us and at one point, we flagged down another server who stepped in and brought us water and chips.  If you go, ask for her section (Mo).  I eat out a fair bit and this place wins the prize for the worst service I've had in two years at least.  Having said that, the food was pretty darn good (albeit pricey).  The chicken enchilada was a tad bland, but the chile relleno was very good as was the mole.  All in all, I'd give the service a "generous" one and the food a four.  One of my pet peeves about dining out is needing to have good service.  Great food is only half the equation.  Servers who don't check on me, or keep my water filled (I drink a lot of it) annoy the heck out of me.  Maybe Mo will do better.
4	Tommy checking back in.  We did decide to go ahead and brave another visit, this time sitting in Mo's section.  WAY better.  Just goes to show you what a difference good service makes!  I'd go back...that is until Mo moves on.  Hope she stays a while.  And there's no beating that made at your table guacamole.  Save room for the amazing brownie that comes out on a sizzling skillet with some sort of bubbling delight of a sauce.  Can't be more specific as my table mates scarfed it down before I got more than one bite in.
3	Torn between being posh, slick, spacious and frat friendly and serving quality Mexican food and meeting neither end, Cantina Laredo embodies a niche that caters mildly and passably to both culinary risk-averse Americans and seekers of quality Mexican food.After sitting down with my parents and them not bolting for the door upon reading the menu despite the daunting task of pronouncing their selections, I at least knew it would be a peaceful, quiet occasion. The entire evening was filled with moments in between:- Complimentary chips and salsa, too watery to those seeking Frito Lay's interpretation or Pico de Gallo, but not flavorful enough to satisfy those looking for legitimate salsa- Filet Portabella ($27): soft, succulent beef and a large portabella in a rich mushroom sauce, a yield of decidedly non-Mexican excellence- Camarones Escondidos ($19): unremarkable chicken, average shrimp, meek sauce- Monterrey plate ($13): moderately balanced spinach enchilada, a chicken enchilada with a deep, satisfying mole, and a third Veracruz enchilada that I've forgotten already- Crepes ($6): Apple, more French than Mexican, more sweet to a fault than enjoyable- "Mexican" Brownie ($6): An overpoweringly excessively sugary heart attack brownie on a skillet with extra artery clogging brandy butter that was not a good caloric investmentThere are flashes of brilliance and enough options to placate the uninitiated but like most stealth chains has succumbed to not being able to please all its many masters simultaneously and has settled for being "alright." For mixed culinary company, you could do far worse so it defends its niche, but for a homogeneous party, keep looking.
2	What a bummer.  I've been to this place a handful of times, and you know how it is, one bad experience and you get a bad taste in your mouth.  The service was atrocious, and the food was bla.
4	Simply amazing food. Great Margaritas. Moderately priced for the area of Scottsdale its in. I'll be back there asap.
5	Love their Tex Mex style menu. Chicken chipotle is awesome! Great service and food is consistently good. Highly reccomended...
4	Excellent Mexican food, good service, comfortable surroundings. Excellent choice.
4	I was in here with my sister a couple of weeks ago, we were looking for someplace we hadn't tried, and this really hit the spot.  You get two different types of salsa, one warm with blended beans in the background (but still very clearly a salsa and not a bean dip) and the other fresh and cool to start, both of which were good although I preferred the warm dip.  My sister got the shrimp flautas and she really liked them, I didn't try them as I am not a fan of shrimp and cheese generally (alfredo sauce not withstanding).  I got the trio of enchilads with mole, ranchera spinach, and Veracruz.  The ranchera spinach was fresh tasting, but didn't have too much flavor; the mole was good, but the sauce needed to simmer longer to help smooth out the flavors, and the Veracruz style with a tomatillo sauce and cotija cheese was excellent, with gooey cheese and nice chunks of chicken and plenty of spinach, all rolled in what seemed to be a housemade fresh corn tortilla: all this, plus soft drinks and 20+ percent tip for only $18 a piece: can't be beat for the price in the area!Only minor detraction was our waitress, while properly attentive, did not really speak English and was somehow unable to split the bill into 2 equal checks
1	This review has nothing to do with the food...we never made it that far.Sat at the bar for drinks and apps last night.  The bartender was mopping the floor inside of the bar when we sat down.  When he noticed us, he put the mop down and quickly grabbed a couple of bowls, filled them with salsa and put chips in a basket for us.  The issue?He didn't wash his hands between putting down the mop and handling our food.  I sat there and watched the whole thing go down.  We left.I've worked in enough kitchens to know that mops/brooms/etc. aren't the cleanest tools, nor are they typically kept in the cleanest part of the kitchen.  I mean...c'mon bro.  There's a sink right next to the chips.  WTH?
2	cool atmosphere but I wasnt impressed with the food. I guess I like traditional and this reminded me of texmex.  I'm also not a fan of chepolte and Verde sauces so it could be I ordered the wrong thing.  I think over all the atmosphere is fun.
2	i love coupons. apparently the server at cantina laredo doesn't. i presented mine (free guacamole!) and she looked horrified but returned a few minutes later with all the proper ingredients. it was fun to watch the guacamole mashed together right in front of our eyes. we dined with some out of town guests who found the guacamole presentation exciting ... i fear that until friday night they had never been introduced to it. our out-of-towners are not familiar with the mexican food the way most phoenicians are and asked *lots* of questions that were met with nothing short of annoyance from our server. then my dad demanded the server re-explain an entree for my mother, who "might" want to order it (she didn't). yes, our table was probably a pretty annoying one to be stuck with, but that's part of being a server. suck it up. i'm sure you dealt with people far more awful than our group before.our food arrived within a reasonable length of time. the server and her helper had a hard time figuring out whose food belonged to whom - fine at applebee's, but i expected that this place would match the entree to the diner with ease. the food, admittedly, looked great. i had the fiesta chicken salad, complete with not ripe avocado and delivered with the wrong dressing. i ate it anyway. chicken was way too salty. hub had the carne asada steak. it was served charred but tasty, and portion was really small. we just didn't understand how that cheap cut of meat could fetch $18.99. i can't speak to what the other 5 in our group had; i was focused on choking down my salty chicken. after our food was delivered, our server failed to appear again until she asked if we would like dessert. i could have used another vodka tonic 20 minutes earlier and a water refill. dessert, a chocolate nut brownie thing with ice cream, was created table side and everyone agreed it was the best part of the meal. my bottom line: the food we ate was overpriced. our food was just ok. service sucked. there's no reason to go back.
2	Very good margaritas (although tough to discern quality after your first one is down the hatch) and pretty nice guacamole... sorry, but I make it better. The first time I went to this place, I felt it was an amazing experience, and by far the best chicken tortilla soup I have ever had, followed by one of the best carne asada plates I have ever had as well. So I recommend it for a business outing, which gets everyone excited. Drinks are fine, orders are taken and the guacamole begins to get prepared table side. As soon as we begin to dive into the guac, the soup arrives. One of our guests was in the restroom, and his soup was served while he was away. BAD, BAD waiter. Hot, cold, warm dish... whatever, you do not serve an empty seat. While enjoying our soup, entrees come out and were placed right next to our arms on sizzling hot plates. No one was even half way through their soup. I was furious and felt obligated to quickly shovel my soup so I could bring the dinner plate to my front and eat. Our waiter came over to clear the soup bowls and asked how dinner was and if he could bring anything. "How about desert right now" I remarked, and unfortunately, he did not get the sarcasm. Food = 4 stars Service = 0 stars
4	Viewing the other reviews here, I could totally understand how this could be the kind of place that has spotty service. I came here with my co-workers on a night that wasn't very busy, and we had very good service, but it was just slow enough that it was on the verge of being not-so-great service.I wasn't blown away by the drinks, but where I found this place's strengths was in the food. I had the Durango, which was basically a sampler plate featuring a chile relleno, a chicken mole enchilada, and a spinach enchilada. The chile relleno was tender and really brought out the flavor of the pepper, which I like more than the cheese-filled disasters that some restaurants serve. The chicken mole enchilada was delicious, I especially enjoyed the mole sauce. The spinach enchilada stood out the least but it was very tasty, just not as good as the other two dishes.We also had very good guacamole and chips before our meal, and they were cool about us adding several more people to the table as the night went on. At the end of the night we had a decent sized bill (that my boss was cool enough to cover) so I don't think this is exactly the cheapest food in Scottsdale, but I would definitely go back.
5	I love this place. We ate at Carlos OBriens down the street first and I thought yuck, where is the mexican food in scottsdale. Well, I found it! The food was delicious. The service was a little slow, but I was blown away by the food so I will tolerate the service.
4	Ya know what makes a great meal? A great server! Our party of 3 was new to this "Gourmet Mexican Food" location, so we had questions. Plus, we knew we wanted antojitos, platos de carne, y postres........we needed the option to SHARE so many plates :() Our server, Durango, made it happen! He was ready with all the answers, was alerted to and wary of my peanut allergy, and set up all plates to share effortlessly....platters, large plates, side plates....perfect!To be fair, if the food hadn't been good, I probably would have written about the service anyway. But, the food was fabulous, so double score!! We had chili con queso, chicken enchiladas, machaca tacos, and then there was dessert........a warm, almost on the under-baked-side-which-is-so-sinful-walnut-brownie that was served with vanilla ice cream and Mexican brandy butter sauce. Delish & delightful - a great find while on our mini vacation in Scottsdale!
4	I saw the reviews for this place and decided to try it. The food was awesome and the service was really good. We ate outside next to the fire and had a really good waiter. The chips and salsa were really good. I would totally recommend it to anyone. I really loved the chile relleno and margarittas. Great food. Great atmosphere. Fun place to hang.
4	Cantina Laredo is pretty big and even though it is popular, the majority of the times that I have eaten there I haven't had to wait for a table.  However, they do have a large bar so if you do have to wait that would be a good way to drink the time away.I nearly always opt for the guacamole appetizer.  There is no way to complain about guacamole that is made tableside.  If you don't like cilantro - tell the friendly staff not to include it in this awesome dish.  If you're sensitive to heat they'll leave the jalapenos out for you too.  However, I like my food really spicy so I make sure that I get all of the jalapenos that are available.  When it's all said and done, this guacamole is good.  It's just good.In addition to the guacamole I am also a big fan of the Monterrey enchiladas.  The mole sauce adds some variety, and the spinach enchilada helps me fool myself into believing that I am eating healthy.  The wait staff has also been consistently friendly.  When I have eaten here the food has come out quickly, and my drinks are regularly topped off.
4	This place is good. The margaritas are very strong. They have a patio with a fire going. I have been here two times and both times were good. If you go here and the special  of the day is the halibut with red pepper sauce, get it if its not the special ask if they can make it for you! This halibut dish is awsome! The second time i went i was not real hungry so i got the Bondera Platter. Its a lot more food then I was expecting. Its $13 and you get two small soft corn tacos with pork, half a chicken quesadilla, two shrimp, two pieces of grilled beef, two stuffed jalapenos, grilled veggies, quacomole, and queso dip. Lots of food for the money. The quacomole is so good, not much to it but its just so fresh. The service is ok and the decor is nice, a little on the dark side and they have big booths that will seat six. They have a good size bar and a few bar tables right indise the door.  Nice place, good food, fair prices.
2	We came here on a Sunday night with friends. We were a party of 5, with four adults and one child. First off, the place is gorgeous, beautifully, minimally designed with lovely fireplaces and firepits at just the right spots.The margarita I drank was very good, nothing outstanding. In Arizona, you better make a better-than-decent margarita or the sheer volume of competition will run you over.Our friends who live there ordered their usual, the Monterrey, and they loved it. I had one of the restaurant's specialties --- Ribeye Cascabel --- and I was greatly disappointed.First off, the ribeye is supposed to be one of the most tender cuts of meat from the animal, but nobody told these guys. This was an overcooked, tough piece that was chewy, chewy, chewy. And the cascabel sauce it was supposed to be "basted" in, well, bathed is more like it. Swimming? Drowning? And the sauce was all pepper, no subtlety; two bites into it and my tongue, mouth and lips were burning.  They charge $24? For this? "Meh" indeed.We didn't stay for dessert and frankly, I wouldn't go back. C'mon, with all the "gourmet" Mexican available in the Phoenix area, why bother with this place?
5	There is something special about walking into a place where everyone knows your name. Cliche, sure, and does it bias my opinion of a place? Absolutely. Either way, Cantina Laredo is still a great restaurant. What really draws my attention to Cantina Laredo (other than the worlds greatest employees) is the happy hour. Most importantly their happy hour runs until 7pm. For the self proclaimed workaholic that I am, this is very important. Ever get off work at 6:30pm only to drive home wishing there was a place still serving $3 margaritas? Happens all the time... now there is a fix. The food is delicious, most everything on the menu is exceptional; though a few things really stand out. 1. Table side Guac- yes I know, it's been done before, but who cares! They make it next to your table and it's delicious. 2. Pulled pork anything (ie. sliders or shanks). This stuff is marinated perfectly and I can attest to the fact that you will not find anything this fantastic between here an the south pole. 3. This flaming apple pie thing they have for dessert will give you a contact drunk from both the sugar and the alcohol that is contained within. 4. They have Negra Modelo on tap, usually served in an icy (like actually icy) tall glass.Good food, good people, good choice.
3	So I came here for a big group event.  They had us sitting in a nice private area.  The decor was very upscale Mexican with dimmed lighting throughout the restaurant.  The staffs were very courteous and helpful.I ordered an Enchilada dish and it was pretty good for the price.  The ingredients used tasted fresh and prepared in a somewhat artsy fashion. If you're in the neighborhood and looking for style Mexican, definitely stop by here, but if you seek authentic Mexican, look elsewhere.Overall, it was just a purely good upscale Mexican experience.
3	From the outside the place looked alot busier however, Not a bad place to go for lunch on Friday afternoon. Especially when it's close to 1pm as the place was pretty empty. My coworker order brisket tacos and they came out stuffed with tons of brisket. She said they they were very good and I will take her word for it as they looked pretty tasty. Now me, I am not an enchilada person however the enchilada de avocado sounded pretty good as it had two of my favorites stuffed in in, avocado and artichoke. I must admit that it was pretty good. I only finished a little bit of it as I had filled up on the warm chips and salsa that was served when we sat down. Yum. So why only three stars? Well It's actually 3.5 stars as although the food and the company were great, the service was a little off. Like I said the place was empty and yet our server either forgot about us at times or was busy doing something else in the back. Nicole, our server was sweet enough but still.... hmmm. Oh well no biggie. It was empty and we did get in and out in under an hour but not 5 star worthy. Will I be back again? Probably as the food was pretty good. Heck the chips and salsa alone are worth giving it another shot.
4	I was here with twenty something ladies for a bachelorette party. We were planning on going to another establishment but they called us THAT DAY and said that they were no longer in business and we'd have to move our party somewhere else. We called this place in a panic and they were able to take care of us last minute. Ding +1The staff was competent, efficient and didn't mind how loud and drunk we were being. The food was reasonably priced and tasty. For an appetizer they brought out this delicious queso - which in my question kicks Chili's ass any day.  Ding. +2I don't live here but I'd say since I only paid $10 for my meal (someone else got my drinks) and I left stuffed and happy, I would recommend this place.  Ding. +1Star total = 4
4	We visited Cantina Laredo on a Friday evening.  The six of us had a great time.  Our party consisted of 4 adults and two children.The wait for a table was 5-7 minutes for the patio.  The host staff was very polite.  Our server, Jose, was fantastic! He was very attentive, without being over-bearing.   The chips were thin, crispy and just enough salt.  They were served with hot and mild salsas, the charred tomatoes and peppers made the salsa great! The food was really good.  We all sampled each others plates and were very pleased with all of our choices, Cheviche, Durnago plate, Camarones Escondidos, Spinach Enchiladas and of course chicken tenders for the kids.  The patio was perfect!  It was so relaxing our 5 yr old fell asleep before we left.  Our only regret, we were too full to try any of the desserts they had to offer.
2	Went to lunch with 4 other co-workers around 11:40AM on a Wednesday. Walked in and the hostess just stared at us. She was a young girl so maybe she doesn't understand what a greeting is. We said we had 5 people and she walked us over to a table. Our server Jorge came by and we received water and were reviewing our menu's. I will say that the service was quick to get the food out. We ordered the guacamole that they make tableside. It was ok but I've had much better at Gallo Blanco in Phoenix. They have amazing guac!! I don't think the guac here is worth the price they charge. I ordered the Enchilada Veracruz and can say that it read better than it tasted. It was dry on the top when it was supposed to have the sauce and cojita cheese. I was expecting a stuffed enchilada and it was OK but I have had better. Definately could pass that one up even though the server said it was highly recommended. The table didn't have any complaints as far as anything else...except that our server disappeared after clearing our plates. We probably waited a good 15 minutes as we were expecting to get our check and he kept serving other tables. Good for them and bad for us when we had to get back for business calls. The atmosphere was "Trendy Scottsdale" and it was a nice place overall but I don't think I will be visiting again. One bonus though, if you sign up with them online, they will send you a coupon for a free appetizer. So my guac was free.
4	Excellent Mexican food with an inspired twist. It's been awhile since I visited, but I do remember enjoying myself and that the service was above par. Classy date-worthy atmosphere too.
4	Whoa... strong margaritas. That is my main impression when I left. I can seriously appreciate this after a hard day and having gone to other places which charge the same and feel like I just paid for some watered down margarita mix. These? Tasty... effective. Yessssss....The atmosphere of this place is pretty cozy with it's dim lighting and large booths. Prices were reasonable and the service was friendly. I ordered the Enchiladas de Chile Relleno and while there wasn't anything about them that stood out, they were delicious all the same.I absolutely plan on going back and trying more off the menu. An update shall come then.
4	Had the carne asada wrapped around the chile and shrimp.  It came recommended and it did not dissapoint.  Glad I has a chance to eat here while visiting Scottsdale.  Hope to return here someday, the other dishes I saw at the table were Mexican dishes I've never seen at other restaurants.
4	Great American Mexican food. They use fresh Ingredients and interesting ways of presenting the food. Also the black bean side dish was really good.
4	Hands down the strongest margarita I ever had in my life. Good when you're only having one and chatting it up with friends. Bad when you don't know when to stop and you find yourself stumbling to the bathroom, not knowing whether you want to throw up or order more guacamole (made in front of you at the table-delish with extra jalapenos- dirty look to those wusses I have gone with who have opted for less spice). The ambiance is just right: dimly lit, comfortable booths (happy hour is only at the bar or at the tables surrounding the bar though), and friendly staff. The happy hour is great for the drinks. The HH appetizers, however, can be a little on the skimpy side, so go for an entree if you're famished. I made the mistake of getting the appetizer ceviche, which came with a few lonely anorexic shrimp that I wanted to feed instead of eat. My favorite dish so far :The cilantro chicken salad (I subsitute steak for chicken, and ask for an extra little side of their amazing dressing).Great for a date or just to meet with friends to gossip about dates. One of my regular spots that is worth trying out.
4	I've been here twice and both times the food was phenomenal.  The only reason that I'm not giving it a big whoppin 5 stars is because of the wait staff.  The first time that we went we had a waiter that almost seemed like he was afraid of us.  When we spoke to him he took a step backwards.... very odd.  And the second time.... was interesting to say the very very least.  Our waiter supposedly was experiencing some "marital problems" and was totally blitzed.  He couldn't get our order right, his eyes were glazed over and (here's the kicker) he ran his fingers through my husband's hair!  We alerted the manager out of concern for the waiter- was he drunk?  Did he mix meds?  Is he having a meltdown?  He was sent home and we received two impressive complimentary desserts.  The food makes up for that crazy experience though.... and I doubt that waiter works there anymore.  After all that the manager kept checking in on us and the food is so amazing that it hardly matters.  The food is beautiful and so delish..... as are the desserts which are prepared tableside.  Will definitely be back- we'll just hope for a sober waiter.
4	There really isn't very much great Mexican food here, which doesn't make very much sense to me,as we live in the southwest.  We don't really have much choice, so we frequent here about once a month or so.  The pricing is a little high, but the restaurant is nicer than most Mexican restaurants out there, and the food is decent for North Scottsdale.  I should clarify that we only order 3 things here....EVER.  The tableside guac, and the beef or chicken fajitas, and MARGARITAS! The chicken enchiladas are o-kay, the cream sauce is seriously on the rich and heavy side. Don't order their crunchy tacos, the shell is like something from a grocery store shelf!   We order the beef fajitas medium rare and it is more than enough for two people especially  with the guacamole.  When the server is making the guac, don't let him add the entire 'spice'  mix...if you let him your guac will be a salt lick..unless you like that...Chips and salsa aren't bad...I'm not super huge into the roasted tomato thing, but nothing is perfect I guess.  Still good.  Maybe one day we will venture away from the fajitas, or then again, maybe not :)
2	Beautiful place, mediocre food.  Frustrating since I drive past it every week wishing we had a great mexican place in the neighborhood.  Nearby Juan Jaime's is better and cheaper with 1/10th the attitude.
3	I like the review of the whacked waiter... i think he may be still at work at 'Cantina Laredo' cuz i think he served us....... Called ahead after a Cardinals game to make sure there was room enough for our party of 10- " No problem " we were told , come on down. arrived 9:00 ish on a beautiful 80F evening in Scottsdale -stepped across a half empty patio into the spacious Cantina - chilled to an ungodly 60F- Note to the great state of Arizona : (the reason that y'all are booming and experiencing sustained in-migration is because people are like lizards--- ( in more ways than one)---they like the sun , they like the heat ... they flee from northern climes to get away from the chill - Don't AC your premises such that it reminds us of Duluth in winter.... we just escaped Duluth in winter and fled south to thaw ) .we asked for a spot on the patio and our man immediately declined stating that " he had already set a table for us inside"- upon my wife's insistence that he reevaluatethe patio  he disappeared for a moment or two and then reappeared - affirming that the half empty patio was indeed full. this puzzled my wife who then surmised that : A) he wanted our large party in his section -not the patioB) there would likely be a built in minimum gratuity on the final bill                                       ( there was)                  after taking our drink order ,(competently),  he returned with salsa and chips. The salsa he described as being of two types "hot " or "regular"-there were indeed two temperatures -but they appeared  to be seperated thermally rather than chemically -??  the same salsa one served at room temperature , one served chilled...???when asked about the best dishes for people who wanted a little kick to their food he replied: " I wouldn't really know , I don't like spicy food" ????????????????? Dude , can you not at least fake something.... it is after all a Mexican restaurant. If people want spice they go Mexican - if they want bland they seek out a Saskatchewan restaurant - non? The meal was salvaged - ( not saved), by a compatriot of our man who hailed from Durango- he spoke knowledgeably about the menu , filled our empty margarita glasses and retreated into the kitchen to assemble , on our behalf , a pepper mole sauce that was truely outstanding.The food was uninspired -( there was a Baja Grill of some sort across the parking lot and we wondered if they shared a kitchen...) , the service was poor ( excepting our hombre from Mejico ), and the casa freakishly cold--Two stars tops over all but boosted up to three by our amigo from Victoria de Durango
2	Average food. Decent service. The brownie was hard. The fresh guacamole was good.
3	Nice atmosphere and really good food, only thing I didn't like was they served string beans as one of their sides  but only because I am not a huge fan of string beans and I guess didn't expect that in a Mex. Restaurant. Other then that I was very pleased my service was great! the food was delicious and it had a very nice ambiance!
4	I like Cantina Laredo's slightly different take on Mexican... love the seasoning on the Cascabel Rib-eye. Good margaritas and chips & salsa. The guacamole made table-side is really good too. The Mexican brownie is a fun indulgence - on the rare occasion I'm not stuffed from dinner. The service does vary more than I'd like... but is normally OK. The salad prices are getting a bit ridiculous, but otherwise prices are reasonable. The atmosphere is nice... normally less crowded or noisy than nearby restaurants. On the few crowded visits (nearby events, snowbirds, Valentine's weekend) the waits have been short.
2	Don't get me wrong, the food is good here - it's just a bit expensive for 'decent' Mexican food, particularly when you're in the Southwest.  Service was great and the restaurant itself is a nice place to dine and have drinks but I think you can find better Mexican if you try.
3	I'm no Mexican food aficionado or anything, but this place has a lot going for it. Even though it is big and has the feel of a chain (our hotel concierge actually described it as the PF Chang's of Mexican food), but once you're at your table, it can feel quite cozy and homey. There are some nooks and crannies you can seek out to feel a little more tucked in. The guac is made tableside, which is a big selling point for me because anything interactive when dining with coworkers is always a nice ice breaker. It also happened to be ladies night when I was there (a Thursday evening). Who knew ladies night still existed anywhere? Not me. So this was a fun surprise and an easy excuse to order margaritas (which were good, not anything amazingly mindblowing, but a good, solid margarita and a varied list so everyone actually tried something different). The food was fresh and flavorful, things weren't completely and unnecessarily smothered in too much cheese, there were interesting side options other than just rice and beans (I'm talking to you, snap peas), and a server, if not necessarily our server, was always accessible. Everyone at the table seemed happy with the dinner, and I'd go back if I'm in the area again and have a hankering for enchiladas, so that equals "A-OK" in my book.
5	Great food - great service.  Love the new Asada lunch - my new fav!!
5	I'm not a big fan of chain Mexican restaurants - but Cantina Laredo consistently delivers on food and service.  They have an updated menu with some new items as well as some old favorites like the carne asada.   They also have a menu just for lunch with some lower priced options and a kids menu with both mexican and american food choices.   It will please even the picky eaters!
5	Maybe not the world's most authentic Mexican food, but oh how I love Cantina Laredo.I go here every time I visit friends in Phoenix, and I've never had a bad meal here.  At dinner I'm partial to the camaron poblano asada.  The combination of steak, poblano pepper, and shrimp is fantastic, and I've never had meat cooked this perfectly before.  On my last visit for lunch I had the mole enchiladas, and they were excellent-- maybe not the best mole I've ever had, but heaven for this Mexican-food-starved-Seattleite.  They make the guacamole tableside and can make it as spicy as you want, which is nice.  Their chips are good as are both salsas, although I didn't really detect a difference in heat.  The beer selection is good, and I remember liking their margaritas as well.Service is great (tableside guacamole!) and  the building itself is pretty.  Definitely a fan.
5	This is a great Mexican food restaurant. I eat here for lunch once a week and have never had a bad meal. The "Asada y Enchilada" is my favorite dish. If you are an avocado lover like me,  this is the place to go. I always order extra avocado because they have the best and ripest avocados I have had anywhere.
2	I really expected to like Cantina Laredo - upscale mexican food, darkly intimate interior, nice outdoor patio with a fire pit & lights, interesting menu options, and prices that would indicate good food. My issue with Cantina Laredo is their ingredients - everything in our meal came out of a can or a freezer bag which resulted in really stale food. I go out to eat to get food I can't make as well as home, but I'll settle for food that's as good as I make at home...Cantina Laredo couldn't even meet that. The dish concepts really sounded so good, if only they used fresh and good ingredients. We had:- Chili con queso: I was expecting a queso fundido like dip but instead it was canned nacho cheese with a can of rotel diced tomato/chillis. This would be fine if it was HH & bar food & priced at something around $3...not appropriate to charge $8 for this crap. It really was bad canned nacho cheese.- Spinach Enchiladas: The spinach filling very clearly tasted like frozen spinach (without any fresh garlic or other flavors to dress it up) and the green bean vegetables on the side were very clearly frozen green beans (awful). The roasted poblano cream sauce just tasted like sour cream without any chili flavor.- Chicken Enchiladas: My boyfriend got this dish & enjoyed his enchiladas. However he had the same issue with the green beans, and the rice tasted like boxed rice from the grocery store (which isn't terrible but I would expect an upscale restaurant to do better).- Mango Margarita: Yummy. Easily the tastiest thing I had all night.The atmosphere in Catina Laredo is nice & enjoyable, but the food is absolutely terrible and they charge way too much for it. Had their food even been average, I'm sure I would go back again, but their food was so bad that I'll never eat here again.
4	First of all, the guacamole made table-side is ridiculous good. I don't even like guac and I LOVED it. The margaritas are also delicious. The service was friendly and fast and the menu has a pretty good selection. I had a really good steak and shrimp and my girlfriend had some tasty fish tacos. I can't wait till we go back and enjoy the nice outside patio!
4	Technically this place is a chain, so I don't think I'm supposed to like it. The Cantina is beautifully decorated and I wish they would use their larger patios during good weather, but so far they have a ton of outdoor space that they aren't getting use out of.  They have a small patio at the front of the restaurant that is lacking in ambience.The menu is the more complex New Mexican-style of food - which makes me happy when done well. I have tried as many things as I can on the menu and have always had a great meal - the Tacos Cascabel being my favorite. Their tableside guacamole is extremely good, and they will ask how hot/what ingredients you want or don't want. Let's not forget the margaritas! Surprise!! This place has probably the best house margarita in Phoenix....it's fresh and not lacking with decent tequila. If you plan on having a 2nd one, make sure you have a designated driver. And give their desserts a try. The apple pie/ice cream that comes to your table flaming in brandy is to kill a diet for!
2	I had my reservations about going to an upscale Mexican restaurant because we all know the best Mexican food can be found in Da Hood at a real dive!  However, against my better judgment, I decided to give this place a try!  NOTE TO SELF: TRUST YOUR DAMN GUT!  The atmosphere is lovely but the food is quite marginal!!  The food is a bit too busy with too many ingredients because they are trying to be upscale and different!  I ordeed the enchilada veracruz,.which was supposed to be a chicken and spinach enchilada with jack cheese and tomatillo sauce! There was little to no cheese, I could barely see the sauce and it had no flavor!! The only saving grace was the wonderful bartender who exchange my dish for tacos!   Will trust my gut next time!
3	I'll start my review with a couple of negative points I feel should be addressed by the owner(s):If you try to call in your order (believe me - I've tried several times) you will not be successful.  Your call will be answered immediately then transferred into the black hole of take out.When you arrive at the restaurant, the two girls at the front desk are NOT interested in your business..they have so much to gossip about -  you just don't rate.  They were so busy talking we were ignored on the way in and on our way out.Despite the lapse in customer service:Queso was excellent, just the right amount of kick.  They gave us two different types of salsa with our order, both were good.  Guacamole was fantastic, though if I had it prepared table side I would ask for extra cilantro.  We ordered their Mole Enchiladas with cheese enchiladas, their Mole is fantastic - spicy and thick with great flavor.  Hopefully they will fix these minor service issues since I do plan on coming back.
4	When I called to place an order last night I was put on hold briefly, however, this time my call was actually answered!!!!  When I walked in, the one girl at the desk seemed somewhat awake!!!  Keep up the good work Cantina Laredo!My queso and guac were delicious!!!
3	Sunday brunches are nice , enjoy with mimosas
5	Cantina Laredo is a huge, nicely decorated restaurant. This was my first time dining on a Sunday. My guest enjoyed the fact that the brunch options were served with a complementary mimosa or "Bloody Maria." He ordered the crab cakes which were served with eggs, potatoes, and a cinnamon fried tortilla bowl filled with fresh fruit. He thoroughly enjoyed his meal. I had the cheese enchiladas, which were amazing. The types of cheeses they used (not sure the names?) made these the best cheese enchiladas I've ever tasted. My entree was served with rice and pinto beans. My other guest enjoyed the carnitas, which was pork shanks served with rice and zucchini. We all enjoyed the chips and salsa. The salsas were unique. One was served warm and the other was served cold. They were both yummy. The desserts looked delicious but we were too full to partake in them.  We will definitely return to Cantina Laredo.
3	The restaurant is nicely decorated. It's definitely considered an upscale/ gourmet Mexican restaurant. They have a great bar area with a few tv's for sports nuts like me! They also have a nice patio, although last time we sat out there it felt a bit crowded and tight. One thing that never changes is we always get the table side guacamole. Fresh and prepped to order!! As far as all the other items we've tried the food is good but I never seem to feel like 'raving' about it. Service also has been great every time. All in all- it's a place on our regular dining circuit just not a special occasion place for us!
5	Delicious! Each person in my group of 4 left happy and satisfied with our meal choice. Not the most authenic Mexican food, but very fresh and unique. Strong and tasty margaritas!  Warm welcoming serivice and decor. Comfortable and spacious seating in the dinning area and bar. Very pleased with my experiance!
4	Family of six. Enjoyed our meals. Great flavor. Very good service. We thought it was relatively inexpensive for the experience we enjoyed.
4	A couple girlfriends & I stopped to grab a late night bite here before we headin to The Grand Canyon. We had the pleasure to be helped by Favio; dude was amazing!! He had us laughing the whole time & also made great suggestions. His dancing & singing is off the chart, as well as his facial hair! haha. We really enjoyed our time at dinner, thanks to FAVIO!! :)
4	Mexican Apple pie is oh so good
3	Sat at the bar and watched a football game. Wife liked the margaritas and friendly wait staff.
4	We have dined here numerous times and truly enjoy it. Upscale Mexican food at its finest. The Tacos al carbon is my first choice. The fresh guacomole made table side is very good.
4	My salad was good, I liked the chips and salsa, all in all a good meal. Server was a little slow at times on the refill but I'll give it a 4.
5	2nd time here and second time the food has been great. I think I previously gave it a 4 because I thought it was a little pricey, but I'm upgrading it to a 5 because I think it's worth it.
4	Great spot to go to for lunch.  Was in town for a business meeting.  Great portions for lunch.  Service was spectacular.  Wasn't a fan of their salsa, but the chips were very good.
4	I'm giving this 4 stars but really somewhere around 3.5 - 3.75, thus the upgrade. Went here during a business trip. $5 happy hour margaritas weren't bad. Coworker had the cascabel ribeye and I had the Camaraones Esconidos (shrimp stuffed chicken breast w/ chipotle wine sauce). I thought my meal was pretty good...loved the sauce but very disappointed there were only two shrimp for the "stuffed" portion.  My coworker said his ribeye was far from his expectations. The menu overall looked good. I'd go back again and have that same chicken dish or try something new.
3	We went here last night for Mother's Day and the only fantastic thing about it was the tableside guacamole.  I had the carnitas which were so spicy I could barely eat one.  The apple pie was so hot that it burned me which I still have a mark.  Diner be warned.
5	Love the table side guacamole.  Great service!  This is a great restaurant and one that I love to take out of town guests to show off our beautiful city!!!
5	Once again we had a very good experience here. The tacos al carbon are very good and the freshly prepared guacomole is excellent.
5	Great restaurant our regular waiter Manuel is one of the best waiters in the valley.  The gua tableside is great, draft Mexican beer is perfect.  Happy hr margaritas are excellent.  Now the food.  The Casabel ribeye is well lets just say fabulous, great halibut, and other southwestern dishes.  This is not a traditional beans and rice joint.  Its great  . Oh every few months they have a tequila dinner to die for
5	This is my absolute favorite mexican restaurant in this area. The service is fantastic, the food is amazing, and the atmosphere is relaxing and upscale.I have been here several times and never had to wait for a table -- the restaurant is huge. I typically order the tableside guacamole which is hands down THE BEST guacamole  . It is expensive but they make a lot of it and it's absolutely delicious. Last night I ordered the queso with ground beef -- sooo yummy. My boyfriend and I ordered another round of chips just to finish it -- and we didn't even get close. It was so filling that by the time my entree came I was pretty full.I always get the same thing here -- beef fajitas with no beans, extra rice, and a side of shredded jack cheese. The beef here tastes like pretty good quality and is flavored perfectly. They give you a lot of food. I usually have one fajita and take the rest home.When I'm in the mood to drink I love their mojitos -- they are all amazingly good. A bit pricey but you get a huge, tall drink. The only downside to Cantina Laredo is their dessert selection. I'm not a fan of any desserts they offer. However, my boyfriend loves the flan. He is from Argentina and says it's very well-done.
1	Always a favorite spot, last night the Cantina Laredo Fajita's for four were charged as if for 8 server couldn't fix the bill! Then the meat was reheated cold meat since it was late. It was a critically ill friends birthday - and I didnt not want to make a big deal? Boycott!
4	Fajitas are the bomb here! Atmosphere is very romantic!
5	Went there again this week and had a great meal and great service. This place is definitely a step up from tacos and burritos and it is worth it.
5	Food was excellent...the salsas were very flavorful and the tacos were first rate! We'd definitely visit this place again!
2	Very disappointing. A very unimaginative menu with fair at best food
1	Chicken enchiladas were terrible - could tell they were cooked and left to reheat under a heat lamp. It was boiled chicken with no flavor wrapped in soggy tortillas with a pretty standard cheese sauce. The rice tasted like it was microwaved. The waiter kept leaning over me instead of walking to the other side of the table. He didn't replace the silverware from dinner when we ordered dessert. Disappointing food and service.
3	I would say it is actually about 3.5 stars.  We had a group of 8 at Cantina Laredo for happy hour and we had a great time!  The happy hour menu is quite large, half off the regular price (equaling around $4-6), and some of the items are quite unique.  I had the Steak Fajita Flat-bread and the Ceviche.  The Flat-bread was outstanding and perfectly crispy!  I loved the taste of the caramelized onions with the steak marinade!    I was not a big fan of the ceviche. It only came with two 'fancy chips' to scoop up the ceviche and there was a ton left, so after that I had to use the tortilla chips that came to the table earlier.  It also had olives in it, which I thought did not taste well with the fishy taste.  I also had a HUGE margarita for only $5!  It wasn't the best I have ever had, but for $5 I would drink it again! Many in our group ordered taco plates to share.  The plates come with 3 decent sized tacos; they all tasted good, but some were more exciting that others (one set was pretty bland). At the end our server brought out a dessert platter!  We almost ordered all of them (4), but instead we opted for the apple, chocolate and pineapple desserts to share for the whole table.   We all decided the chocolate and apple deserts were the best and came on a sizzling plate of caramel with melting icecream on them.  I highly recommend either of those desserts; they were quite impressive to look at and eat (see picture)!Our server was just okay.  We had to repeatedly ask for a few things and we waited quite a while after we ordered.  But, he was busy and we were a big group.  He did however, split up our check very efficiently, which seems like a burden for most places!The atmosphere is pleasant, warm and inviting.  It definitely qualifies as a 'fancy' Mexican restaurant.  I will definitely come back, and I am excited to try more things off the extensive menu!
5	This is a favorite place for my wife and I to grab a margarita. This is arguably the best margarita in the Valley. We love to visit during their reverse happy hour. Most recently, my wife threw my birthday party at Cantina Laredo and their staff pulled it off without one issue. Our party of over 20 was served promptly and with a smile. We love Cantina Laredo: their food and their wonderful service. If you're looking for great cuisine and amazing beverages, we highly recommend trying Cantina Laredo.
4	Went on Valentine's Day and the service was great.  Didn't have the special menu but ordered off the regular menu.  Enchiladas were fabulous---and really healthy--filling but not heavy.  Margarita was PERFECT!
4	Good food, nice atmosphere. I really liked the chicken mole enchiladas. The prices are quite reasonable for such as upscale place.  I'd definitely return.
1	My mother in law INSISTED on this place for dinner this weekend saying they had the best Mexican food she ever had. :/We roll up and the hostesses didn't even greet us (there were 3 of them at the podium). They were rude and were too busy talking amongst themselves to even notice we were standing there. I finally had to say hello to get noticed, I wasn't happy about this. They gave us a pager saying it would be around a 30 minute wait. There were TONS of people sitting around waiting for seats. We were called for our table about 30 minutes later. By this time, the front was getting crazy busy with people waiting for tables. As we were seated, we noticed of course all the people at the front waiting for a table-then we noticed all the empty tables.....a serious WTF moment. :/ There were at least FIVE empty tables just in our section alone. So they were either purposely creating a wait OR were seriously understaffed.Our waiter was nice but he seemed to be in a constant rush. We ordered guacamole which is made at the table, we received a bowl with large chunks of avocado which is NOT guacamole. He just sliced it into a bowl and stirred it a minute with a seasoning packet and served it. Again, I was NOT a happy camper. All four of our dishes came with "spanish rice". This "rice" was obviously a boxed mix with frozen peas. The rice was hard to bite into and seemed out of place as it looked like a fried rice mix, it was bizarre.I ordered the chili rellano and the chilies seemed fresh and had good flavor but the rest of the meal was very bland. My husband had the shrimp fajitas and he took two bites and REFUSED to eat anything else on his plate.This place makes cheap horrible food and charges $15/plate for boxed crap. It's only attraction is that it's in a nice location and charges a fortune for everything which attracts people who don't know any better (like my mother in law). If you're one of those folks who thinks that just cause it's expensive that means it must be good, then come running to this place-I'm sure they would be happy to take advantage of you. If you actually have taste (and taste buds), go to Valle Luna or Los Olivos or for God's sake even Filiberto's would be better than this place. Don't say you haven't been warned :/Too Long-Didn't Read version: bad overpriced food and service suck mmkay?
4	Of course, coming to visit our aunt/uncle in Arizona, we knew we were gonna have some form of Mexican food. One thing that California is not short on (unlike beautiful public libraries like those we visited in Scottsdale!) is Mexican eateries. So, I was a bit surprised when we pulled up to this obvious chain restaurant, which I didn't know it was because Cantina Laredo has not expanded to CA yet. But, I figured, let's not be judgemental.We arrived at about 6:30 on a payday-weekend Friday night...just finding a parking space was an adventure, but at least being crowded seemed like a good sign. After being quickly and warmly greeted, we managed to find a spot for the four of us to wait the half-hour until our table was ready. Since it was still Happy Hour, we got some pretty yummy and decently sized margaritas for only $5 each. The food was great! We got the table-side fresh-made guacamole, prepared by our wonderful server Andrew (big kudos to him for taking care of us in a friendly, courteous, and efficient way all night). Everyone liked their food very much, but I can only speak to my order of carnitas...SO YUMMY! And, I've never had carnitas served on the bone, which was kinda cool. I saved room for dessert SPECIFICALLY because I saw the Mexican apple pie with cinnamon ice cream. When Andrew brought it out, the plate sizzled when he poured the DELICIOUS and warm brandy/butter sauce onto the plate. Sooo good! Do yourself a favor and save room to try this delectable concoction. All in all, we had a great first-time experience at Cantina Laredo (thanks to Andrew for helping that along). :)
1	Bottom line: This was my first time in and I won't be back.I totally agree with "Rebekah J", and our experience with this place was not any different. We were not even given our silverware, and the waiter never came to us after taking our order. When I went in searching for one, no one bothered to care, and busy talking among themselves. Food was just ok, nothing great. All this when the overall occupancy was about 25%.This was my first time, and would be my last too!
5	I went here for happy hour today and I was very pleased!  The restaurant is beautiful, the waiter was attentive, the food was great, the chips/salsa were complementary, and the beer was cold, frosty, and delicious -- what more could one want?!!??The happy hour deal is AMAZING (half off appetizers, $2 beer, $4 large margaritas.... awesome!).  I would go back in a heart beat to the happy hour; however, I am unable to comment on the regular service (I'm assuming it is a little more expensive, but great overall!  :) ) Also, they have a GREAT patio that I would love to check out during the fall time.  Lastly, my mom also loved the food, food, salsa, and layout of the restaurant -- very impressive that it appealed to both of us!   I was full, content, and happy after said happy hour here.  I will definitely be back soon!
4	Excellent food, margaritas and desserts - need I say more?
3	The food is good but the service is usually slow to non existant.
2	Pretty average to poor.  They try to be an upscale Mexican bistro but really the food is no different than any other chain Mexican restaurant.  The beans were flavorless and too thick.  The cheese enchilada had no finesse--overwhelmed with cheese with a thick enchilada sauce.  Didn't like the margarita either.  I'm not a fan.
5	I stopped in today as I had a taste for fish tacos. I was greeted by Caroline who promptly took me to my table and took my drink order. She came back quickly made a few suggestions about the menu, recommended the fish tacos as they were sauteed mahi mahi, so naturally I jumped on this! Two minutes later two different types of salsa and crispy warm chips were presented. (best salsa ever, the tomatillo is served warm!! It's got some heat to it and it's delish)Probably 10 minutes later my taco's were served with cilantro rice and black beans. I don't care for cilantro and mentioned to Caroline I would ask for the taco's to be served with out it next time, at that time she offered to get me tomato rice to replace the other, I turned it down, I had enough food to eat as it was! The taco's were a delicious. Overall the experience was great.Even the manager Dave stopped by to say hello and check on me. And not once did I have to hear my yound server say NO PROBLEM!! She was professional and gracious, I'll go back for sure, can't wait to have a margarita next time.
4	Excellent value for Happy Hour.  We went on a Monday and had $5 House Margaritas which were really good and split (3) appetizers all half price.  I highly recommend the tuna tacos and the steak fajita tacos. They are small street size tacos but really filling.  The salsa is so good even my 5 year daughter loved it.  Cant' wait to go back when it's cooler and sit on the awesome patio.
3	I have dined here before, while on vacationing and always had a good experience.This time, was just okay. I came here on a Sunday evening and the service was pretty slow. I actually had to get up to pour my own water, since the server went MIA for 10 minutes. The table side guacamole was delicious and the salsa's were good. I ordered spinach enchiladas and the inside tasted great! The shell tasted stale or something. The doors and windows were closed and there were a few birds flying around. Not something I would normally care about, if the windows were open , but I kept thinking that they were going to drop poop in my food. Overall, I think the service needs to improve, because the other few times I had been there things had been much better.
3	They don't give you the Mexican experience and didNot live up to my expectations, the food Deserves a Two star. Not worth the money.
5	I've been here about 10 times and am always pleased.  We always get great service and the food is always outstanding!  The chicken enchiladas are my favorite in the valley!
5	Where to even begin.... I guess with the chips?Their chips and salsa are always good, definitely try the hotter salsa! So yummy. The chicken is probably the number one reason why I keep coming back here. Whether it's in the chimichanga or in the escondidos, you will not be disappointed in any dish with the chicken. *Try the lunch chimichanga topped with queso instead of ranchera.
4	After some shopping, my husband spotted this place and I remember looking at them on Yelp. I recalled they had a good happy hour. Decision made, we sauntered in. I asked the hostess if they were still having happy hour and she said it went until 7pm and was only in the bar. We spotted a lonely bar table and sat there. Our waitress was quick to arrive and take our drink order. During Monday's happy hour, it's Margarita Monday, so the larger sized margaritas are $5. (Smaller sized ones are $3.) Margaritas can be any number of flavors - mango, strawberry, etc. I asked if they had coconut but unfortunately not. I decided to go with a house margarita on the rocks. My husband went with blended. Our drinks arrived quickly and in a large glass. (The glasses reminded me of the heavy margarita glasses that Chili's uses.) For a house margarita, the drink was really good and really strong on the tequila. Wowza, these were some strong drinks. (Even the blended drink. I was totally thinking premade slushie machine but I seriously think they made the drink then threw it in a blender.) During happy hour, the appetizers and tacos are half price. The appetizers include flatbread, nachos, ceviche, etc. We decided on the shrimp flatbread and chicken tacos. The flatbread came out on a long rectangular board and three tacos to a plate. The flatbread was good but really it was on square crackers - kind of like matzo. I kept joking it should be called shrimp crackers (totally the tequila talking). The chicken tacos were good too with a huge slice of avocado on them. When the tacos ran out, my husband decided to order fish tacos (mahi mahi). These came out quickly and were delicious as well. When the flatbread and tacos were gone, our waitress asked if we had room for dessert. My husband inquired which of the desserts were really good - he couldn't decide between the flan, brownie, or apple pie. Our waitress said the apple pie was surprisingly delicious and one of their most popular desserts. How could we resist? The dessert comes out with several dishes. There's a huge cast iron plate that is scorching hot and this is where the brandy butter sauce is poured upon. As this sizzles and cooks up, the apple pie is placed in the butter, and then ice cream is dropped on top. As a non-apple pie lover, this was pretty good. I enjoyed the brandy butter sauce and ice cream the most, they tasted great together. Unfortunately, our eyes were much larger than our stomachs and we couldn't finish this dessert. We left full, satisfied, and happy. I would definitely recommend coming here for happy hour. The food and drinks were a great price and everything was tasty. We'll definitely be back.
1	Thought I'd order Ceviche.  I hadn't had it in awhile, love it, and it was a warm day.They must have served me yesterdays because it was so terribly "over limed".Very disappointed.  The free guacamole coupon we got at the resort was very good and they made it tableside.  The waiter was great!
3	Again, I'm giving credit where credit it due.While I'm still not thrilled with the visit to Cantina Laredo Saturday night, I have to give kudos to Dave the manager (long time with the chain) for calling and following up. He showed a REAL concern for any problems that guests might have and wanted to make it right and will follow up on my complaints.Caring about customers is more than half the battle in retaining people who spend their hard earned money with you. Thanks for the follow up and we'll see how things go should I visit again...which I might.
4	A great restaurant with unique mexican dishes. Service was below average, but the food was fantastic. Tastes and combinations you won't find at regular mexican places.
4	We saw this on yelp and thought we would give it a try. It was wonderful . Service started out a little slow but quickly changed.  The restaurant atmosphere was nice and it appeared to be very clean(dark lighting).There was a variety of food and our family all liked the dishes that were served. They even had a nice children's menu just in case your children don't like tacos. Now let's get to the best part . The dessert Mexican Apple pie in a sauce with ice cream on top. It was out of this world!I would definitely recommend this place! We are from out of town and when we make the trip again we will be back.
4	Monday evening happy hour in bar and on patio...great drinks & small plates.Terrific service and value!
5	Great food, great service, great margaritas. Sorry that's all I have time for. You'll have to trust me.
2	Great service and atmosphere. The food and drinks are way overpriced though. If you like your Mexican food mild to bland, this is the place for you.
4	Nice place- we went for happy hour and sat at the bar. Not crowded when we were there (a Thurs evening)Bartenders suggested the tacos and they were very very good (we had barbacoa). Also had the grilled chicken nachos and the tableside guacamole. All tasted really fresh and good.Loved the HUGE 5.00 house marg-- noticed the other specialty drinks were very expensive, like 11.00-12.00!! I THINK the house marg was the only happy hour special (at 5.00 like I said) but you'll have to check me on that.Choices can be very limited in Scottsdale proper- it is either super casual (think: Rubio's!) or super exclusive/expensive (read:snobby)  We usually end up on the patio at Carlos O'Brien's (also off Bell Rd) but this was a nice change pf place. Classier.
3	Similar to El Torrito chain in Southern California, Cantina Laredo is fancied up Mexican food at a quality restaurant price. I had an appetizer, cannot recall the name but had three items, that was very good. A nice place to go for a sit down dinner date, for value I would go to Habanero's.
5	Awesome!! Great food and service!! Cool atmosphere too :) Drinks are strong and delicious. I had the passion fruit Rita and it was amazing.
4	Went here with some co-workers yesterday and really enjoyed it. This is their favorite restaurant near the office and neither has been in a long time so they took me for the first time.Our server was nice and to the point, got us some drinks, chips, salsa and guac faster than you can blink. They make the guac table side which is always fun, but they may want to consider adding a touch of salt in the mix.I had the beef tacos and the beef was really flavorful. It had some avocado and either onions and tomatoes or something like a pico de gallo since I think there were some jalapenos in the mix as well. Either way it was good and fresh.  The rice side was good too, nice and aldente unlike some other places that serve mush. The two others had the cilantro and pollo salad and the mango salad and both were impressed and full. These salads were huge.We sat and talked for a while and our server didn't bug us at all so that was nice too. I will go back to this place with my co-workers for sure. Keep your eyes peeled for little birds in the joint too...somehow they got in. No idea what that does to the health code, but I'm not bothered by it.
5	Really great Enchiladas, Lamb tacos and salsa!  What a great meal.  Great service on top of that. Hoping we return to Arizona soon. We'll certainly be back here!!!
4	Really authentic, fresh carne asana and fish tacos. Friendly and unpretentious. Great value. Only one server on a busy weeknight  was the only slight negative .
4	I have never fully appreciated nouveau cuisine. It has always left me a little hungry and a few Benjamins short. LOL Our introduction to Cantina Laredo was somewhat inauspicious, since they misplaced our reservations on a busy Friday night.  We also had the same experience with the hostesses that fellow Yelp'er Teehee wrote about.  But in end, we had a nice evening, with our bill coming in at the low end.  After the confusion and a five minute wait, we were seated near the patio. It was a nice location and we had the added bonus of observing a pre-wedding family dinner of eighteen. Cantina Laredo likes to market itself as serving "modern Mexican food in a sophisticated, vibrant atmosphere. ... with a Mexico City style menu."  I believe it's more Mexican petite nouveau cuisine. We started off with a delivery of chips and two types of salsa. The milder version had a nice tomato base. But it was the spicier one, with fire roasted peppers that was the standout. It was complex and so delicious, that you could have eaten it with a spoon. Next was their table-side guacamole making called Top Shelf for $9.99. It was an exquisite. Now I make this all the time at home, yet it always seems tastier when someone else is doing it. LOLSomewhere along the way our white honey sangria was dropped off. It was very good and fairly priced served in large 12 oz flute glass. Nice!For dinner we decided to share two entrees. One was their Vera Cruz Enchiladas (photo), which was a nice mixture of spinach and chicken for $13.99; and the other was the Carnitas Tacos for $13.79.  The enchiladas had a nice flavor and kick. Both were very good, with the street tacos seeming deceptively small. The bill came to about $30 a person including drinks, but before taxes and gratuities. So Four Stars, and yes we are Fans of Cantina Laredo. While eating here might not get you a doggie bag for later, you will go home feeling as though you've enjoyed something special.  Remember to make reservations like we did! LOL
4	Great Mexican menu with some interesting variations on the traditional meal. I enjoyed the bacon chicken fajita. It was superb. The meal of course begins with house chips. They served two options with the chips. I loved the fresh salsa. And it coupled well with the second option, a warm spicy dip. Service was fine. I love eating outdoors. The menu offers a nice beverage selection.
4	I'm really surprised to see some of the negative reviews on this place. I had a great experience. I was in Phoenix visiting family and friends when we decided to stop here on the way home from the airport. The inside is really neat. It's dim, but very modern looking. I honestly was a little nervous to look at the prices because of it. The waiter when he came over seemed like his job was the best thing to ever happen to the planet. Picture the annoying guy at the Apple Store trying to explain why Apple is the best thing in the world... but toned down. It actually was a good thing. We ordered the queso and moved on to checking out the rest of the menu. Its not a huge menu but has some unique options. When the waiter came back I asked about 2 different options... chicken or pork tacos. Not only was he certain which one he wanted me to have, he decided to describe both in great detail. He knew every ingredient and the order in which it was put on the tacos. And these were not ordinary tacos. All sorts of wonderful stuff on those bad boys.The food was great. Portions were small, and it was a little overpriced, but overall I quite enjoyed myself.
3	This place is ok.  Think of it like a Carrabas for Mexican food.  Nothing great... nothing authentic... nothing offensive.  Middle of the road Mexican fare at a reasonable price.  It is acceptable.
5	Great service and food, really top notch. I have been to this location as well as the one in Gilbert. Do yourself a favor and get the table side guac, you wont regret it.
2	The chile relleno--the standard by which all Mexican food restaurants should judged due to the difficulty in preparation--was soggy with a bland ranchero sauce and stuffed with cheese that quickly solidified into a chewy slug. Stick to the tasty mole sauce, which covered some dry chicken stuffed enchiladas.
3	Pretty good for a chain. They ask you how you want your steak cooked but it does not matter.. it comes out 'well done' no matter what. And it was over marinated, a bit salty... it got sent back. I went with the Salmon which was much better.The mango tres leches was much better than I expected.
3	Had dinner here with some friends on Cinco de Mayo.  We made reservations but arrived early enough that they really weren't needed.  Still we had a nice booth right by the window and that was very pleasant.  The dining room is quite large and did seem to get pretty busy as the night wore on.  Our server, Jose, was very patient and attentive.The food was pretty average.  We started w/ chips and salsa, pretty average there but served with 2 versions of salsa.  The cheese queso dip was ok, but a little too Velveeta cheesey for my taste.  Jose kept us supplied in chips.  I had enchiladas veracruz w/ chicken & spinach.  Came w/ a side of zucchini was really quite tasty.  Not so much for the bland rice.  One companion had the chicken enchiladas.  He said they were ok but they sure looked unappealing to me covered with a white sour cream/cheese sauce topping, so pale on the plate.  Our friends enjoyed their margaritas and at $5 seemed like a pretty good deal.  We spent a long time after dinner visiting while still seated in the booth and did not feel rushed to leave.  That might have been the best part of the experience.  This is pretty typical chain food and there are so many better, unique Mexican options in the area.  Nothing about the meal made me want to rush back but if the occasion calls for a return, I would be agreeable.
3	My first visit here I had been wanting to try this place for awhile but wasn't sure if it was child friendly. After a horrible experience at Carlos O'Briens we had no choice & it worked out well for us :) We walked in on Mothers Day with no reservations & were happily greeted & seated with no wait time bonus!!! We ordered our drinks & our daughters kids meal very nice atmosphere & ok to bring children as long as they are behaved its a more upscale place with casual dress. I order the steak & enchillada it was delic :) husband ordered a chicken dish it did look a little under cooked but husband is super weird about chicken so he ate it anyhow. Food came out fast & looked very pretty too . All in all we were pleased the only recommendation I had was our server was not the friendliest was not rude but could tell he could have cared less to be at work. I will defiantly return again. Ps it's not the place to go if your looking for "Mexican  Food " it's not greasy it's very light & filling so a great option if you want flavor & not all the grease :)
5	We hosted a happy hour event in the back room, and was fabulous. About 50 people came and they opened a small cash bar up just for our group. Dave the manager was attentive and made sure we had everything we needed from the time I booked the event until the time we left. Great service and everything about CL exceeded our expectations. We will be back for sure!
5	Completely worth coming here, not only is the staff extremely friendly and knowledgable about every dish and the ingredients that go into making it, but it's truly phenomenal food. Prices are pretty on par with the food quality, anywhere from $12-$30 but I promise it's worth every penny. If drinks are your thing, the blood orange sangria and the casa-Rita are amazing. Tourist or local, this place is every bit the Mexican food experience that I was looking for. Fresh, authentic cuisine, delicious seafood, phenomenal atmosphere and presentation! Will be coming back for sure.
4	We heard of this place because of the resort we were staying at. There was no wait, and our waiter was very friendly. We were given free Top Shelf guacamole by showing our key card (we were staying at the Scottsdale Links Resort) and it was pretty good. I ordered the chicken fajitas. They were great. Caramelized peppers, and all the fix-ins. I would definitely order this again. The reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the pricing. It was just too much money for my budget, but the portion sizes were fine. (Unlike the other reviews, I had leftovers to take back). I would definitely come back again.
3	We hadn't been here for a couple of years. The couple we went with hadn't either. We were all a little disappointed. We remembered it fondly and it didn't meet our expectations. Time passes and things change... The hostess was very friendly and helpful in getting us seated and equipped with menus. An assistant dropped chips and salsa immediately.   After a few minutes a waiter came by to ask if we had been helped and took drink orders when we said we had not. We then waited for what seemed like a long time for beverages, including water. After we received our table side guacamole, one friend asked for more chips. The waiter first moved my chips across the table but after that move we did get another basket. I ordered a glass of wine to go with my entree. It arrived several minutes late. In fairness to the waiter, I don't know if there was enough staff for the 40 or 50 diners who were seated in the half hour after we arrived. He did check on us after we got our food. I ordered the dish I have ordered several times in the past ten years. It was "hotter" than in the past, hard to eat. One friend couldn't get through her meal due to heavy handed use of chiles. My wife wasn't impressed with her entree salad. The guacamole is always good. We didn't have dessert. I had the CasaRita and it was as good as I remembered.  The wine list isn't long but is adequate. Prices seem a little high but are not up too much and this is a nice restaurant.
2	Coming to Cantina Laredo I am influenced to think that it will be Mexican fine dining. I start with the chips and salsa, typical with Mexican restaurants. The chips were warm and delicate and the salsas offered robust flavor without having an overpowering heat. I am already happy at this point, but then I order the taco de fajita, which are just beef tacos with avacado and sour cream. My tacos come out and it is only 2 corn tortilla tacos with overcooked dry "carne asada". The rice and beans that came with it were plain as tab soda. It seems as if the flavor was all added to the beginning salsa and nothing for the food. The tacos were overpowered by the taste of the tortilla which is absolutely sad. The black beans and Spanish rice were on par with store brands, meaning they tasted pre cooked. Overall, the only Mexican flavor in this place are the ethnic waiters who served me, which admittedly did add to the look of authenticity.
5	Tableside guacamole, incredible queso, and a scrumptious taco selection! Great place for a night out or just to grab a quick bite. New to the area and highly recommend coming here for your Mexican food cravings!
3	The decor is awesome. The food in my opinions is mediocre at best for Mexican food. It tasted like it was all old el Paso and 505 Chile from new Mexico. The food is great for people who don't like spicy Mexican food. Stick with Arriba if you like it spicy.
3	Not bad...overall.  Not the best Mexican food we've had in town.  In my wife's words, "I wouldn't mind going back," but we won't necessarily be in a huge hurry.  Food was decent - my wife had the mahi-mahi tacos, I had fajitas.  We split a tortilla soup to start with.  We were both pretty satisfied.  The chips and salsa we had were tasty too.  Wish they would've refilled them.  My mojito was made well too - I've had plenty that were not.  Service was friendly, but slow.  We waited quite a while for our food on a seemingly slow night.  Atmosphere was kind of dark overall.  Some sections were completely closed off with all the lights turned off, which gave the space kind of a dingy feel.  Being a teacher..... C+/B- in my gradebook!
5	This is a wonderful delicious Mexican restaurant with excellent service.  This is our go to restaurant when we are in town.  The guac is freshly prepared in front of you, and it's the best.  Their portions are quite generous.  We'll return again next time.
3	I was excited about eating here after having a great experience at the San Tan location a couple of months ago.  This time I was left under whelmed.  While our waiter was very enthusiastic, it didn't translate into the food.  The tableside guacmole was pretty bland as was my crab enchiladas.  The Fajitas one of my lunch partners ordered was very good, at least the steak was, avoid the chicken.  Maybe I wasn't hungry enough or they are having an off day, either day, it wasn't quite as good.
2	To bad Jennifer isn't going to be working on Saturdays anymore, they really need to do some training with this help, sat here for 30 minutes, waiters came over twice to take our order, both times asked for menus, he never brought it over. We had to ask another waiter. This is extremely unusual for this restaurant. We will start coming here only when Jennifer or Sergio are bartending.
3	It was ok. Not the best in the world but not bad. No complaints but nothing exciting.
3	Atmosphere nice, service okay, food- looks pretty, tastes "so-so"...  Might be more of a happy hour place?   Bar takes up about 40% of the space.. Would not come back as there are so many other great Mexican food places in town
1	Got dragged here again for a family dinner....again. :-/No hostess at the stand, we waited about 5 minutes for her to show up. Not a big wait or anything but on a Friday night, I would think they would have backup staff.While walking to the table, we passed a large section (the middle of the restaurant) that had the lights dimmed. It's obvious that they don't have enough of a crowd to use all their available space. It looked like they only had 2 waiters and 2 bus boys working the open section of tables and all the staff looked stressed out and weren't very friendly. We got table side guacamole...again. I wasn't excited about getting it again but others in my group wanted it. It was a ton better than last time but it still wasn't all that great. You're paying over 10 bucks for 3 avocado halfs but at least this time, they were smart enough to bring out their "herbs and spices" out in little bowls rather than bringing the store bought packet out :P There was no zing to it though :(I got pork tacos which weren't bad (seriously guys, could adding a little zing kill ya??) but for goodness sake, why is a place that charges $20/plate using crappy boxed rice with dehydrated peas? And why can't they cook the rice completely? Second time dealing with the crappy boxed rice, second time dealing with hard partially cooked rice. I could just call it a crappy white washed Mexican food experience but that wouldn't do justice to just how awful their rice is. Again, I left so disappointed. Thank goodness Habenero's (ya know, REAL Mexican food?) is close by AND has great food!  ;-)
5	Food was excellent, atmosphere was chill. Even our baby girl seemed at home. I'd go there again in a heartbeat.
5	Fantastic restaurant! Fernando was awesome! He was our waiter bartender and entertainer! Cabo Flip Margaritas were delicious,  rellenos camarones tasty and flan was yummy! We are visiting from SD and will definitely come back here next time!
4	My hidden agenda for updating this review is to plug the Cascabel Rib-eye. It went off-menu more than a year ago but has still been available every time I've asked for it. I don't normally like rib-eye... a tender and flavorful cut but too many fat globules. This is an exception... leaner and marinated in a mild, delicious cascabel chile sauce. Please ask about it!  I've sampled a lot of other dishes (OK.. I steal off my girlfriend's plate) and recommend the Enchiladas Veracruz... but most of the entrees are very good.    I'm a bit surprised at some of the negative reviews critiquing  things like rice. I've never had that 'Dam... that's some mighty fresh Spanish rice' moment.... anywhere.  In my 20+ years in Scottsdale, I've been dragged to larger Mexican chain restaurants so frequently it's like aversion therapy: Re-fried, re-fried bean spackle and cold Mexican rice that looks like its been re-served one too many times ( there must be a huge factory for that stuff). Tenderized leather fajitas and greasy chimichangas with scooped sour cream and imitation cheese stuff. Oily chips and tomato paste salsa. The food at Cantina is much better!  At Cantina, I often get sides of zucchini and squash (sauteed perfectly and crisp) and sliced new potatoes with cheese. When I've had the Spanish rice, it tastes like... Spanish rice.  The chips at Cantina are always fresh and the salsas much better than the chains... the overall food quality and taste is much better in my opinion.   Sure... $10 for table side guacamole might seem like a bit much especially vs WalMart... but the prices overall are fairly moderate. Plus the table side guacamole and brownie (the latter is delicious!) are a fun, touristy thing to do. Most guacamole tastes bland to me without spice... the few times I've had it here, it's been very good!The service at Cantina does vary on occasion... but is on average better than similar places and I rarely wait long to be seated or served. The exceptions are usually when there are large private parties... 30-50+ people. Overall, I recommend it!
4	Tasty, reliable Mexican food. Been here several times.The highlight is always the table made guacamole, made to your specifications (i.e. I tell them to give my husband the jalapenos as I can't handle the spice). The fajitas and barbacoa tacos are my favorites. My husband tries something different every time and has never had a bad meal. I've never had bad service here. We generally like to come for lunch.
5	We have been coming here ever since our first visit to Scottsdale years ago. Food is fantastic, portions are generous and we would recommend to all who enjoy Mexican food in a nice ambiance. It gets better and better each time we go. Oh and Dinner for two $40 and it was excellent!
5	Great food and service. Wonderful atmosphere.  Try the signature dish with steak and Pamela no pepper.
4	First time here.  Table side guacamole was just okay, but much, much better after we added some salt and the hot salsa.  We tried the chipotle chicken fajitas and were beyond pleased.  Delicious flavors and enough for my husband and I to share to make our own burritos.
4	Seriously good Mexican food. I had the mole enchiladas which are one of the best things I've eaten in a long time.  The fish tacos were also ridiculously good. Wish I could have eaten more!Service was solid too.  The only reason it's not five stars is because it is a bit pricey, but the atmosphere is a bit nicer than your average Mexican restaurant, so I understand why I guess.
4	Our favorite spot during our time in AZ. To start they have a very convenient location but managed to create a great atmosphere with a romantic patio with adorable outdoor fireplace and great sunsets. The waitstaff was attentive, helpful and so friendly. We loved out singing server Fernando! The drinks are delicious and decently priced (strong - no skimping here!). We highly recommend the classic margaritas and mojitos! The carne asada stuffed with poblano and table side guac were the best!
3	Table-side guacamole was really good. Prices seemed fair. Chicken enchilada was really good, beef was just ground beef. Things tasted good,  but I probably won't go back.
