4	Ideal lunch at Dotty's in downtown Madison: Spotted Cow with fried cheese curds (only in Wisconsin!) followed by English Garlic sauce burger with chili cheese fries.  After that, you might as well go home because you're certainly not getting anything done at the office anymore. Pretty good burgers (buns are too small), great tap beer selection, and fantastic chili cheese fries.
3	Not as good as the old Dotty's. You know the one. The one they had to tear down. Maybe it wasn't that good and I'm just being nostalgic, but the new one just feels more like an Applebee's. Although their cheese curds are slammin'.
5	Another Madison favorite and one of the best burgers ever. They have an expansive menu of burgers, sandwiches, salads, side dishes and beers. High-quality beef too.  There are a couple of real stand-out features here.  First, the condiments they offer are the freshest of any place in recent or distant memory.  I remember the dill pickle chips as being big, tangy and super crisp.  Second, there's malt vinegar at all the tables, which you can use on anything, but its best liberally splashed all over the fries for an awesomely english flavor.  Great place.
4	Since serve Strongbow (on tap), I am morally obligated to love them.  The burgers are great, although the wait to get a table can be endless.  What can I say - shove your way in and grab a stool at the bar and have your dinner there.  Feel free to mix and match condiments to your heart's content.  And save your dill pickle for me.  Addendum 1/25/06 - They've taken Strongbow off tap but still have it in "man-cans" - good enough for me!
5	Oh Dotty's....I knew ye when ye were a two story staple on State Street.  The new location isn't the same, but it is still wonderful.  Big wooden booths and the perfect dark brew-pub atmosphere.  My girlfriends and I hit it up when we are craving a big juicy burger...we love the Melting Pot Burger and the Swiss and Mushroom.  The fries are also fantastic, but you have to buy them seperately.  My mouth is watering thinking about those fantastic burgers....5 Stars.
4	I love Dottys.  I had the chance to eat at the original once before it was torn down, and I know many are faithful to it, but I really think the new one hits the spot just as well.  First off, don't leave without some cheese curds.  It's worth the calories...to...die...for.  Then, order up a burger (or other sandwich)...with so many options to choose from, it's almost impossible, but no matter which you decide on, it's good.  I stick with the basic cheese burger, lil lettuce/tomato/fried onions, and it hits the spot.  My boyfriend claims the ostrich burger is out of this world, but I'm not brave enough for that.  Top it off with a cold one (I prefer spotted cow), and I consider it a great meal if you're in the mood for casual night out.  Little bit pricey for a burger, but definitely worth trying.
3	I can tell you right now that their deep fried macaroni and cheese is battered heaven.  I highly recommend getting the sampler basket that has a whole cornucopia of deep fried tasties. (cheese curds, onion rings, mushrooms, mac and cheese, and fries) This place (obviously) is known for it's burgers so it doesn't really work well with my anti-red meat stance.  The veggie burger is okay and the salads are always crisp and fresh. My tuna steak sandwich was so so.  Also, do not go to Dotty's if time is a factor in your dining decisions.  Even during lunch Dotty's service is notoriously slow, day jobbers will never make it back to work in 45 minutes or less. (I suggest calling in your food ahead of time.) The reason why I do keep coming back here is that my dining companions love it, their beer selection is WONDERFUL, and I do not even know how to begin to deep fry my own macaroni and cheese.
4	Tasty, but very greasy burger. This is a great place for a quick unhealthy lunch, or to take out-of-state visitors for exactly the food they are expecting to eat in Wisconsin.
3	Burgers are good.  Service is very slow.  Two for Tuesday burgers are very small - its almost not a deal.  Eh.
5	If you wanted something that was healthy, you wouldn't be here. This may be the best burger in Madison, but even if it isn't, it's firmly among the first class. Eat local!
3	A visit to Dotty's is best made from 4 to 6 pm weekdays to take advantage of their $2 draft beer happy hour special (be aware that one must sit *at* the bar to get this deal).  Once you grab a seat, you can choose from a variety of beers, including a selection of local Wisconsin brews.I've mostly come to Dotty for drinks, but Dotty's is known for its burgers and has a diverse menu of the meaty treats, including ostrich, turkey, and veggie burgers.  My burger was good, not necessarily memorable or mindblowing.  Service was adequate, not overly quick, not super slow. Overall, I would recommend Dotty's for whenever the burger, beer, and fries urge descends.
4	Looking for a heart attack? Here's one deliciously unhealthy place to go to for an out-of-state person! My colleague and I decided to check this place out after a lot of people recommended it...known for its fried cheese curd and fried mac-n-cheese appetizer!The service was fairly good and quick...Apparently this place is well known for its burgers but I was too enamoured by it's fried appetizers... fried mac-n-cheese wedges were absolutely out of the world...fried cheese curds was good too...as were the fried mushrooms! All in all, an AWESOME place to try the food unique to Wisconsin...I don't think I could go to this place on a regular basis though...it would just be a pre-cursor to a heart attack!!!
5	This is literally the best burger place I've been to. The Runnelstone, the Caesar, and the Californian are all excellent choices. Because of it's proximity to the UW campus it can get a little crowded, especially when there are basketball games at the Kohl Center.
3	Went to Dotty's before the UW hockey game on Saturday night because the line at the Gritty was out the door. At least we were able to get into Dotty's, and while our quoted 45-minute was turned into over an hour, we were able to drink some beers and peruse a menu while we waited. When Karl-with-a-K, our waiter, came to the table, we told him that we were going to the game, were in a hurry, and placed our order, and he made sure that we got served fast and only missed 5 minutes of the game. The burgers were good, particularly the buns, but I wish they came with fries - I mean, seriously, who serves burgers WITHOUT fries (or any side, for that matter) these days? The cheese curds were tasty, although not as good as State Street Brats, and the fries that we ordered separately were excellent, especially because they had malt vinegar on the table, which I happily doused mine with. I'd go back to Dotty's the next time we're in Madison, but only AFTER I get my Ian's Pizza!
3	"We're going here? Again?!?"Yeah, that's my typical line in response to the group I'm with that overrules me and decides to go here for the zillionth, trillonth time.   Maybe I'd give it 4 stars, but I got so bored with returning again and again to this place.  Their melting pot burger is highly recommended. 3 cheeses and mushrooms. Yes! And there are triangles of  goodness with the fried mac and cheese. The restaurant knows how to use cheese to prepare food in its favor. But here's a typical experience: we wait, wait, wait for a table, I'm starving, and I get pissy. And the cold air from outside blasts me whenever another crowd comes in.  Then the server comes to take my order and I am salivating. They are completely out of the Buffalo burger! Damn it!  Oh okay, I try to be pacified by the wilted fries that just got placed in front of me. Also, why do they have a Harvard flag hanging up with its eclectic, junky decor? This is Badger country, people! The only red and white that should show up is University of Wisconsin-Madison's!Also, if they are going to be playing old, classic, or just plain quirky films, and not put the sound on, why not put up closed captioning?!? So when patrons look up, they have something to read while waiting and waiting and waiting for their food? Then Dotties has t-shirts available, but who is going to be interested in wearing them with fat babies with bibs plastered on them? Jeez! They have to potential to make them so much better, and then get free advertising from college students running around wearing them.
4	Owned by one of the most stubborn business owners ever to ruffle the feathers of a city council, Dotty Dumpling's Dowry serves a pretty good meal.  You gotta love their moxie for sticking around after getting forced out of two locations (so far).  Be prepared for the complimentary heart attack that comes with every fifth meal.You can order their specialty burgers or build your own.  The fried sides are shamelessly bad for you and the service is good enough.  Stop in for a bite before the "big game," or if you're looking for a tall burger to start your night off right.
4	The burgers live up to the hype, they are juicy and oh so delicious. The garlic sauce they put on them is also excellent, not too garlicky, but enough to taste. The have a great list of micro brewed beers on tap too.
5	Dotty's is home to the best burgers in Madison.  They also have a pretty solid selection of beers on tap and good sides.
4	This is my favoritest place in Madison 2 get a burger....the choice of burgers they have is just awesome....and their chili cheese fries are just to die for.The only flip side is the location.....i mean it's a great location...but that's just the problem! Parking can be hard to come by.....it's really close to the Kohl Center so if u r going there on a game-night...well, good luck getting a table...also, they have a limited menu on such nights...which sucks, given the great options they have on regular days.But then the atmosphere is always great...game-night or not!
3	As noted by many other reviewers, the wait staff at DDD is nothing to write home about.  I would go one step further and say that the bartender was the most unfriendly, rude person I've ever encountered with that particular job description.  Friendly bartenders get good tips--just a thought.  I will say, though, that my burger (Melting Pot--a complete heart attack on a plate) was delectable and perfectly cooked.  The cheese curds were also fantastic.  So I will be back, fully expecting not to recieve stellar service.UPDATE, July 2013:  I haven't been back!  There are so many other great places in Madison that offer fantastic food and friendly service!  I've also become attached to my thinner waistline.  Why would I go back to Triple-D?
4	Mmmm, Dowry burgers.  These are some of the best burgers I've ever had.  The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is that no sides are included in the price.  It's not like some fries or a side salad on a $6-8 burger would break the bank, guys.Also, *excellent* drink special on Thursdays.
4	I am going here tomorrow and I can't wait! Dotty's has the best cheese curds in Madison. Just thinking about them is making my mouth water.  I love that you can get Buffalo or Ostritch burgers here, and there are numerous choices for toppings.The wait before a hockey game can be redic, but if you get there early enough its not too big of a deal, but it will still be crowded as hell and inevitably you will have someone standing over you waiting for a table. On game days they aren't very good at estimating the wait, so beware, 30 minutes could possibly really be an hour and a half. If you have the time, the food is so worth it.
4	It's funny because six years ago, my review would have been 5 stars.  Not so much now.  I used to eat at Dotty's all the time at the old location.  Now that it's moved, I think I've been there once.I love the burgers, cheese curds, and the fries, but now that it's a sit-down place with waiters and stuff, I feel like their kind-of-pricey-burgers should be like a meal thing.  I guess what it really is, is that old place was a lot more fun.  The new location seems like it has more of a "I just drove my SUV 40 miles to see a hockey game in Madison and now I'm hungry" feel to it.
4	Burgers were great - I had the basil & Mozarella with extra fried onions. The thing was greasy and tough to pick up but really tasty.Atmosphere is great - a bit loud when sports are on. Beers: Oh my gosh - loads of beers from Europe and regionally on Tap.
2	For some reason between the yelp reviews and the website, I thought this place would be more... dumpy. The interior is very inviting, with high wooden booths and low lights. I just wanted cheese curds ($5.50) and a cup of soup ($2.95) (I got the jambalaya), and he ordered the ostrich burger ($7.25). As mentioned previously, the burgers don't come with any sides, so the two of us rang up $20 including tax/tip for our light dinner. The curds were good (though I think the Old Fashioned wins this battle), and the jambalaya was nicely seasoned with large chunks of tomatoes and peppers. The ostrich burger was overcooked and dry. I think my curiosity is sated for now.
4	Five of us went here Saturday night before the hockey game.  I had only been to the old location one other time.  The new location is very nice, but it's very small.  Our burgers were very good, but the cheese curds were awesome.  I was unhappy I had to share the curds w/ everyone else.  The only kind of annoying thing was as we were waiting for our last round before heading over to the Kohl Center, the hostess came over to "remind" us about the 1 hr. table policy on game nights.  Um, usually a reminder implies someone previously informed you of something.   And I totally understand the reason for it, but considering how slow our service was, I didn't think we should have to inhale our food and run.  Not that I'm blaming our waitress.  She was clearly busy, but accordingly, we should get a few minutes to enjoy ourselves!  Overall we all really enjoyed ourselves.  It's a great option if you've been to the Gritty a few too many times before heading over to the hockey game.  Oh, and I drove my car 140 miles to see the hockey game so you know I was hungry!
3	So why did we go into a burger place and not eat a burger? I think it has a lot to do with the fact that we "visited" a cow farm a couple of hours earlier where the babies were all kept in complete darkness and the dead adults were just thrown out on the road for their friends to look at. The smell was seriously something I've never dealt with before and, as much as I wanted to eat the hell out of 99% of their burger menu, I couldn't do it.The fish fry and sampler basket of fried stuff were both good (especially the mushrooms.) I'm pretty sure they use a 50 pound fish for that fry. I really liked the salad I had with cranberries, walnuts and tuna, too.I still don't understand why it wasn't possible to split up a check. It's not like we rolled in there with 15 people and needed 25 different checks. Four people and 2 checks seems like a pretty basic thing for a restaurant to do. Eh, whatever.
4	We were driving from Minneapolis home to Chicago and wanted some place to eat that wasn't some fast food place along the highway. A quick google search for "good burgers in Madison" led us to this place. We loved it. Best cheese curds I've ever had, and my burger was really, really good. I'll make a point of stopping in next time I'm within 50 miles.
5	After living in the Bay Area for nearly four years, and visiting several delicious burger joints, I was a little skeptic of my fond memories of delicious burgers from Dotty Dumpling's. It turns out, however, that Dotty Dumpling's still serves up some of the best burgers I've ever had.On my last visit a few days ago, I ordered the Californian, my boyfriend got the newest addition, the Heart Throb, and we both had a beer. My Californian was so, so delicious. The burger was perfectly cooked to medium, and it had the best beefy taste I've come across in awhile. I also liked how the cold ingredients were piled on the bottom, and the burger, bacon and cheese on top; I think it helps the cheese melt better.I had a small taste of the spicy sauce from my boyfriend's Heart Throb. From the taste of it, the sauce had jalapeno, cilantro and lime. I'm sure when paired with the cheese (pepper-jack, I believe) and bacon, that made for one delicious burger...I kinda wish that I would have ordered that one!If you're a fan of burgers, stop by Dotty Dumpling's. You won't be disappointed.
3	Dotty's make great burgers, but the secret is in the various sauces. I shared the Heart Throb, with a creamy, jalepeno-like sauce and the Runnelstone, which is served with an English Garlic sauce. Both were delicious. As our waiter put it: "I'd eat anything with the English garlic sauce on it." The fried cheese curds were classic Wisconsin, bready and salty and come with your choice of dipping sauces. Did I mention the sauces?The place has an old-timey feel, and families seem to frequent the place despite being right next to one of the nation's largest university campuses. Howling college kids vs screaming children...it's a push. Overall, I'd recommend it for a great burger and a beer. Lots of New Glarus and Bells on tap.
2	Generally speaking, I am a big fan of the burger.  I'm also a big believer in (and a fan of) good service.  To that end, Dotty's both delivers and disappoints.The burgers are great.  A small group of us wandered to Dotty's over the weekend; I had been there many times before, while the rest of the group had never been to Dotty's before.  We were promptly seated in a large booth - Dotty has some great booths... not gonna' lie.And then we waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.  Eventually a server came by and said he'd be "right back to take our drink orders."  We waited some more.  It wouldn't have been so bad if we hadn't been visiting at 2:30pm on a Saturday, and the place was virtually empty... but we waited a good 15-20 minutes to place our drink order.  Then we waited another 10 or so to get our drinks.  Then we ordered the food, which took a long time to come out as well.  After receiving our food, we never saw the server except for when he dropped off the bill.  No follow-up, no "how are things," nothing like that... just crappy service.  He never noticed that our drinks were empty; he didn't offer to bring us another round - we had to find him and ask for another round.  And it took a long time to get those drinks...  If the service would've been even the slightest bit decent, we would've sat at Dotty's, drinking and eating all afternoon.  But thanks to the horrible service, we paid and left far earlier than we would've liked to have.Horrific service aside, the burgers were excellent - we had an Ostrich burger (with muenster, grilled onion, lettuce and tomato), a Heart Throb (not really "hot" but it had a good balance of flavor/heat), a Melting Pot (if you like cheese, look no further), and a Honey Dijon (tasty).  The burgers were perfectly cooked, perfectly sized, and simply delicious.We also ordered a sampler basket, which included onion rings, deep fried mushrooms, fried mac-n-cheese, cheese curds, and fries.  All were solid.  A tad greasy, but solid.If the service didn't suck so bad, I'd give this place 4.5 - 5.0 stars.  The dude who waited on us should consider a new line of work... that's how bad it was.
3	Dotty's is a college-y burger place that's right off of state street. This would be a good place to take your parents if they're visiting from out of town.  It's an actual restaurant where you sit down, are waited on, get cutlery and dishes (although it might be just baskets).  Dress is very causal, but you won't stick out if you're not wearing college kid clothes too bad.  As far the menu, it's like slightly fancy burgers and fries.  Fancy = more than just ketchup for sauces.  Burger and fries = lots of burger variations and stuff from the deep fryer.
3	My mouth started watering when I typed in the name of this place to review it.  The burgers are so big, but not too big, with so many options that there's something to please everyone (except vegetarians, since half of the menu is burgers and the other half is chicken sandwiches).  Whether you want a burger dripping with multiple kinds of cheese, bursting with bacon, or piled high with veggies, this is the place to go.  Conveniently located just off of State Street to draw a slightly tamer crowd, the restaurant is large enough to handle even the largest Game Day crowds. Oh!  And get the cheddar munchers (deep fried mac 'n cheese bites) to start the meal- since the burgers don't come with fries, it's almost easy to justify the extra cheese :)
5	I visited this place with my GF recently. I live in the DC/Baltimore region and we have our fair share of hamburger beer type places (brewer's art in Baltimore is amazing for example) but this place blew them all away.Despite it being busy we got GREAT service, attentive waitress. The hamburgers were mind-blowingly good, extremely fairly priced and with 30 beers on tap the choices for what to wash it down with were endless.Don't forget to order fried cheese curds!
5	Best burgers period. And best cheese curds. Love this place!
4	The burger here is consistently excellent and is one of my favorites (if not my favorite). I would always make a point of stopping here when I visited, and now that I live here, I plan to stop by more often.  However, as another reviewer pointed out, the place has lost some of it's ambiance since moving from it's original location. It seems more of a game day hang out than the more more family friendly spot it used to be before I had a family. Finally I am only giving 4-stars since they should probably start including a fly swatter with the utensils. The number of flies present on my last visit (back in June) was disturbing to say the least. Still I will overlook that for the time being and hope that they remediate this issue.
4	Very, very solid, cheap enough to go over and over, and the fries and cheesecurds are great.Good to have a chat and hang out for a good half-hour.
2	When you walk in, it's immediately dark.  It doesn't feel like a burger joint, it feels like a burger restaurant.  Nice booths and friendly but slow service.I got pretty excited while looking at the menu.  There were so many options.  I opted for the Melting Pot burger with the patty done medium.  When the burger came out, it looked good - nicely stacked.  But the first bite into it it was cold, room temperature at best.  The patty was mostly rare and not how a medium burger should be cooked.  The flavors of the cheeses and bacon was good, but the meat patty itself was seriously lacking - I could hardly taste it at all.  Pretty sorry burger, if you ask me.   I'm hoping my burger was just sitting out cold while they were making the fries, which I ordered chili cheese style.  They tasted good and were hot and piping.  Yum!Burger was wack.  My friend and I said we could have gotten better burgers at Five Guys (go there instead!).  There's no excuse for a cold burger.
4	Just the name is ridiculous and awesome.  But the food is really good, too.This was a fave among my husband's UW-Madison grad school friends.  And why not?  It's close to campus, it's a bar but is not ONLY a bar, they play sports and sometimes old movies with the sound turned off (why?), and the service isn't terrible.It's THISCLOSE to being terrible sometimes.  But most of the time it's ok.  The burgers are delish and there are many to choose from, including veggie, turkey, and bison!  Salads are big, and the fact that they even exist in an establishment that features fried cheese curds and onion rings is a big plus.  Dotty's is like "Madison-fare Plus."  They have all the standards but can make the women happy too.Blue Mooooooon on tap.  Seals the deal.
4	I've enjoyed Dotty's every time I've been there.  Love their Black and Bleu burger, and they've got decent beer selection.  Never had any problem with the service.  Yay! I'm a fan.
5	I've had numerous burgers in my life from many locations across the world. The Melting Pot was one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life! Big statement right? I asked the sweet rental car lady where to go for a unique Madison meal...she came up with Cracker Barrel...ok, my fault, she was a waif, how would she know? So we went down to the little drag by UW and did a little tooling around. We went into a shop where we presented the same question, the kid behind the counter lit up and announced we needed to go to Dotty's. The other two associates chimed in with OMG, we have to get the Melting Pot. So we tried to keep as much of the directions in our heads as possible and were on our way. Couldn't find it..I said, ok, we need to ask someone that looked like they knew where good eats were. I picked a robust student with books and backpack if they knew where Dotty's burger place was. The sweet look of hardening arteries washed over the face and straightened me out. The place is indeed dark, the service is indeed slow. But the best burger and apps basket I've ever had. All the cheese curds, mac and cheese, mushrooms, etc. It was delicious. I enjoyed it soooo much that I decided to get a pint glass as a souvenir. The waitress charged me $5...and handed me a glass that had been well. I asked her if they had any new ones. She could not comprehend what "new" meant. I had to explain that for $5, I wanted a glass in a box, or at least without scratches and lipstick on it. So she did the next best thing. Washed it and put it in a brown paper bag. All I can say is, gotta love that midwestern charm.
4	Wisconsin cheese belongs on Wisconsin burgers. A staple for the kids of UW Madison, this tavern-style restaurant offers a lot in the way of burger selection. I enjoyed the Runnelstone immensely and the garlic sauce, though very heavy in mayo, was darn tasty. I also enjoyed the basket of fried deliciousness that came as an appetizer. Fried Cheese Curds are better than any cheese in California.
3	Love the space with the dark lighting & cozy booths. Great beer selection of domestic & non-domestic drafts/bottles. Service was fine if unmemorable. Now to the food:Awesome cheesecurds. No breading, just a delicious crispy skin, oozy inside without a nasty pool of oil to make you feel bad about yourself. Fries were great too, not too oily or heavy either. Burger was just okay. Ordered the heartthrob (bacon, cheddar and their special spiced up cream cheese sauce). Cooked well (ordered medium, came just slightly medium rare) with decent texture (nice little char, grilled bun), but needed more than a moderate amount of additional seasoning. Their special sauce didn't even register, should've known better since cream cheese is so mild, but you learn.Would nonetheless go back, based on their fried foods alone.
4	I've known Jeff and his creation most of my adult life...fantastic use of the grill-a true representation of the iconic burger/bar combination...I have traveled the world and found no equal.  Thank you Jeff for a little American dream with fries!
4	I am usually not a big burger eater, but after checking out the menu online I was excited to go. I went with a group of girls I went to college with for our bi-annual reunions. The resturant is rather dark and the girl working at the hostess station looked like she would rather been walking over glass shards.... We were seated pretty quickly even though the resturant was busy. We ordered the combo basket which was great. The cheese curds and mushrooms are awesome. I ordered the Gladiator for my main meal. It was really really good. It has a thick slice of melted munster cheese, red onion, and an awesome sauce (the name escapes me). The sauce was a combo of mustard and mayo with black pepper corn and anchovie. Fantasic. I would go back again in a heartbeat!
4	very tasty and interesting burgers.  I like the basil burger the best.  Very nice for an intimate place with american style burgers.  Probably the classiest burger joint I've been to
3	The cheese curds here were delicious, definitely the best I have had in Madison! The burger, on the other hand, was so-so. I got the Runnelstone, which had english garlic sauce and grilled onions. The burger was juicy and good, but the bun was bad. It was so floppy and soggy that I wish I had used a fork and knife. Get some pretzel buns Dotty! Then I'd bump you up to a 5.
3	Soggy bun killed the burger for me. Meat was actually quite good. Also like the cheese curds and the fries. Grilled onions not so great on the burger.
4	Solid place to grab a burger and a beer.  The cheese curds are awesome, lightly fried, fresh tasting, crunch on the outside, melty on the inside....mmmmm....you can easily share a small order of fries because they serve it in a massive basket.  Burgers are definitely messy, so it's certainly not a first date kind of place.  The beer selection is also pretty good.....try out the moose drool, which is far tastier than it sounds.  The ambiance isn't too bad either, with some interesting plane props, old classic movies on the mounted screens, and dimly lit, low hanging lights.  Solid.
5	This is my second trip here...amazing burgers!   The quality and the toppings are so good.  I love my business trips to Madison. Outside you will find an ordinary building (nothing special) with a line waiting outside...but inside it is a beautiful bar and restuarant.  If you are by yourself, then go past the line and squeeze in at the bar.  Don't ask the last guy in line outside because he never knows anything.  Those are words to live by!!!Today I built my own burger and I was so happy...perfectly cooked medium rare...if you serve burgers you need to make sure they are not over cooked and this place does an amazing job.  Great micro brews on tap.  Happy Hour also rocks...half off all tap beer from 4-6pm but I've never had the chance to enjoy it because I'm usually working at that time.  Makes me sad I'm paying full price right now. When in Madison, I highly recommend this place for some burgers and Beer.  The Onion Rings are also good too!!!
5	I was told that this place has the best burgers in town and I am impressed.  I can't get over the name!Very reasonable price ($5-7 burgers), especially given that it's a nice sit-down atmosphere, cozy, and with good service.  Other people seem to complain about the service but the one time I came here, it was very good.  The place was moderately busy when we were here, but the waitress was attentive and friendly and we received our food promptly.I ordered the California burger, which had bacon, guacamole, tomato, and sprouts, and it was outstanding.  It could have easily been too greasy, but instead, it was light and the vegetables very fresh.  And, they do have a good beer selection too, which is an extra bonus!
5	My only lament about Dotty Dumpling's is that they stopped serving the ostrich burger before I got to try it. Woe.Other than that--I don't know what else I can say other than: Best. Burgers. Evar.
5	Dotty's is known around town as the place to go for burgers. And rightfully so, I would say: they've got a great selection and they do them well. But the thing I really love about this place is the atmosphere. It's completely old-school Wisconsin - dim but comfortable lighting, lots of polished wood, years and years of local memorabilia decorating the walls. I would almost give it 5 stars for the interior alone. But the thing that sealed it for me is not their burgers, but the Friday fish fry, which was probably the best I've had in a town that worships the FFF. Dotty's gives you 2 huge, delicious pieces of walleye, along with fries, slaw, etc. I never knew fish could taste so good.
5	A Craigslist Purchase landed us in the Madison area, so we thought we'd give this burger place a try.  My hubbie had found it previously on Yelp and had it on his wishlist of places to try.  While as you read in the other reviews, that the place is great... there are just a few things I would mention/share with those who would be interested.- When they mean pink center for the bugers... they mean pink!  Yumminess!- The Chili Cheese Fries are great, but they come with a ton of chili peppers and onionsParent Notes:- Great kids menu with burgers, grilled cheese, hot dog, corn dog & chicken fingers as the entree.  Apple sauce, fries are two of the side options.  Kiddie cocktails, soda, juice (no apple) or milk (choco too!)  are options for the drink.  All for $4.99- The Booths are a little akward sized... there is no overlap between the table and the booth its self - so my toddler in a booster seat slipped a few times.  Luckily I had one of those handy table attached seats in the car, which worked great!- Being in a campus town, there was enough noise from people talking that my toddler making lots of noises was not notices.  But enough families that we didn't feel like outsiders.
4	I'm the 64th reveiwer.  What more can be said.  May get 5th star on subsequent visits.
4	Creatively named burgers adorn the menu at Dotty Dumpling's Dowry, like the Heart Throb, the Melting Pot, and the Billy Goat. We decided to stop in for lunch before getting our drive to Milwaukee underway, and we immediately set to work trying to choose from among the many char grilled sandwich options.We started things off by ordering fried cheese curds from our friendly waitress, and they were excellent with a side of ranch, or particularly with the English Garlic sauce that also comes on some of the burgers. I ultimately decided on the Gladiator burger which, while it sounds imposing, was actually a quite manageable burger. Biting into the soft, buttery buns, the burger was charred at the edges yet pink and juicy in the middle, in this case stacked with Muenster cheese, bacon, red onions, and their special Boomerang sauce: a mustard blend that is sure to keep you coming back. One of my companions got what is perhaps Dotty's signature burger, Stanley's Blue Ribbon, and was duly impressed with the cream cheese, BBQ sauce, and onion ring topped burger. There are many other compelling "adventurous alternatives" on the menu, like the buffalo, turkey, or veggie burgers, or the tantalizing Mediterranean style lamb burger with feta cheese. I only wish we had more time in Madison to give them a whirl.The name Dotty Dumpling's Dowry calls to mind some greasy spoon diner with a hair-netted waitress named Flo with a pencil tucked behind her ear. But in actuality, Dotty's is a nice place with dark wood, elegant fixtures, vintage aerospace models hanging from the ceiling, and old movies playing on several of the TV's. Dotty's is certainly Madison's hamburger headquarters.
4	I won't ever get over the move from the old location, which I loved, but the new place is centrally located. I love Dotty's juicy burgers, and the numerous variations are really creative (my personal favorite is the Ceasar). My guy thinks they're too small. (He may have a point, but he could just get 2 of them). Anyway, they are grilled, not flame broiled, and are 6 oz, and I think that's pre-cooking (a warning in case like my guy you think all burgers should be in the 8+ oz range). The bun in unusual and not a traditional burger bun - it's that yellowish bread you sometimes see that can get a little soggy under the meat juices and sauces. The sides are great - I love any place with fried shrooms, and they have some of the best cheese curds I've had in Wisconsin - crisp, not at all greasy, and I think there's a touch of cornmeal in the batter. Fries are also good. I also appreciate a place that has malt vinegar on the tables, 'cause some of us really like that tang with our fried stuff. My kids LOVE the shakes, and they are really luscious. Waitstaff is always efficient, and even on the weekends, the wait for a table isn't forever. So it still is a favorite of mine - I just go without the boyfriend.
4	The first thing about this place - it's dark. I always walk by thinking it's closed. Second thing - the burgers don't come automatically with sides, so you need to remember to order fries or cheese curds or whatever.I love the fried mushrooms. Cheese curds are quite good too. The rest of the sides are just so-so - I do not recommend the sampler.I do like the burgers - and the fun names make it even better. The first time I came, I just got a normal cheeseburger - not exciting. Second time, I got the basil mozzarella - delicious and my favorite. The Melting Pot is also sooo good, but a little too heavy for me most of the time.Service: always friendly, good with recommendationsEnvironment: typical bar/restaurant, usually sports on TV, booth seats. It's got a cozy feel that I like though.
5	Went here with my dad after some Badger Hockey, cool atmosphere with some really relaxed people in it. Our waitress could have been a little friendlier but maybe it was one of those nights... They have cool stuff on the ceilings and walls just some old school model planes and baseball cards and such. We had some burgers which were some good-ol-fashioned greasy burgers. We had the Build your Own which was great to see! Reasonably priced and seemed to have a good beer selection. OH! for reference haha, there are two blimps near the kitchen on in which is a replica of the Hindenburg I believe, anyways our family friend built both of them which I thought was pretty interesting. Anyways great place to go to grab some grub!
4	Dotty Dumpling's Dowry supposedly has the best burger in Madison. I say it depends on what kind of burger you're in the mood for. The burger at Dotty's is maybe a half an inch thick, and drips with grease. I've had the bread completely fall apart under the weight of the patty. They're always cooked exactly right, but I suggest you get it a little more charred than normal if you don't want to get sick. It's just too much if your stomach isn't properly trained for it.Now if you're looking for something that is thick and juicy, it is a pretty excellent burger. They have all sorts of varieties and special sauces that you can throw on the burger as well, though the standard cheese-lettuce-tomato-onion combination is probably the best one. There's also a great beer selection to compliment it; the bar in here is way underrated.One time, for a change of pace, I tried the jerk chicken sandwich. Terrible idea, it was completely dry and tasteless. Stick to ordering what Dotty's is good at - big burgers and fried comfort food.
4	Pros: Amazing burgers!Great mayo-y sauces (English garlic is awesome)Excellent fried cheese curds, with a nice light batterOK salads for appetizer/meal optionsFast serviceBrass badger doorknob is badassCons:Egg not offered as a topping (this takes the place down to 4 stars in my book)Most (all?) of the sides, though delicious, are fried; though of course this is to be expected at most burger joints
4	The food we ate was absolutely wonderful.  The server was very understanding that it was our first time there so she helped with suggestions and answered questions so we could order just enough food.
5	Best burgers in Madison!  Have been here several times and have absolutely loved it every single time.  The waitstaff is friendly, the environment is relaxed and they have a great beer selection with staff who are knowledgable about the beers.  Even though they don't take reservations the wait is never too long, even on the weekends.  If you truly want to avoid waiting, anytime after 8:30 is probably safe to get you seated right away.High recommendations for anything with the English garlic sauce, but especially the Melting Pot Burger (you might need a fork & knife to tackle this one).  Cheese curds are also wonderful.  Also if you're not loading up on drinks the meal is cheap! Went with a friend recently -we both got burgers and split the cheese curds and it came out to $10 a person!Have to limit myself to only eating here once every month or two because it is completely against my diet.  However, when I do break the diet and eat at Dotty's it is definitely worth it!
4	one of the better places in madison. great beer selection. burger and onion rings were good
4	This place makes a mean burger.  There are a ton to choose from, too.  They put all kinds of different sauces on them, which I appreciate as a real sauce-guy.  You really can't go wrong, I've been here a few times and had a tasty burger every single time.  If you're in Madison and love burgers, you gotta go here.If you don't love burgers... you may still want to go here.  I recently tried the wings and cheese curds - both of which are pretty dang good.  The curds have a light batter to them.  Not quite Old Fashioned good, but definitely tasty.  Also, their chili was excellent and so were the chicken wings.  This place can do no wrong!
5	I went to Madison last week and after reading good reviews on Yelp decided to stop at Dotty's for a burger. I ordered the Melting Pot and my boyfriend got the Heart Throb. Both burgers were absolutely delicious! The heart throb was spicy, but tolerable. And the melting pot was awesomely cheesey with a mayo-garlic sauce. I hate mayo, but this sauce was the boss. We also got cheese curds because of all the reviews about them on yelp, so yummy! The server was very sweet and the place had a great vibe.Overall  I loved it!I will definitely go here again the next time I find myself in Madtown.
4	In a sea of red UW Madison t-shirt clad women servers DDD is as busy as can be and packed to the gills on a weekend night in Madison. Perfect mix of parents, visiting protesters, kids, and UW students. I have not been to Madison since I attended UW and all the giant tower private dorms crowd out the buildings near DDD so the neighborhood seems so odd these days. What's with these fancy "private dorms" .... really parents? Are you all totally nuts? What every happened to roughing it when in college? Rant rant. :) OK, my review.... So, Thank goodness this Madison institution still sells an amazing burger. I had the Heart Throb and my friend had the blue ribbon and what we got were two amazing burgers brought out quickly. The burgers were medium as we requested and the flavor and fries were perfect. All around an amazing burger, fun servers who were in a good mood and seemed to like to joke around with a couple of old geezers. There are some things that could be improved upon. Why not go a little more upscale and offer brie and blue cheese for a little more money? Also, I agree with Katy B that a fried egg on top option is now a must for a good burger place. Just a few tweaks and this place would be 5 stars in my book.
5	I only come here for one food: Jumbo Fries with Garlic Sauce. That's it, I'm one happy person after eating it.
4	I'm all about Dotty's.The interior is nice and dark and full of random things on the walls, and seating is pretty secluded.Love the menu, there are a lot of options, but I traditionally go for the Melting Pot Burger, which is pretty freaking amazing.They have a lot of great choices for dipping sauces for fries and cheese curds.It is a pretty popular place, and is located right by the Kohl's Center, so if you aren't careful about when you go, you might not get a table.
4	Yay!  I'm so glad that after not visiting a couple years Dotty's is still the excellent burger joint that I remember.  For about $7 bucks you can get a perfectly cooked medium rare beefy burgers with some gourmet ingredients.  I had their goat burger with goat cheese and basil.  Nice combination.  Their cheese curds are awesome.  Fries are a pass - they're the frozen kind.  Overall a great cheap eats place that I'll visit every time I'm in Madison
5	I just returned to Dotty's after a 15 year hiatus, and I'm happy to report that their burgers are still delicious as hell.Great interior, great beer selection, and deliciously juicy burgers.  (My wife said hers was "too juicy."  i think I may have to trade her in.)
4	There's no better place in Madison for perfectly-done, sloppy hamburgers. The sheer variety of toppings is amazing (guacamole, English garlic sauce, etc., but no fried egg??). Atmosphere is distinctive, noisy (in a good way), super casual. I love the fact that although it's a "sporty" venue, being so close to the Kohl Center, they play Turner Classic Movies on the TVs! Tip: if dining with at least one other, it's cheaper to split the deluxe fries. Oh, and you have to have mayo on the side (for true "Euro-fries", pour the mayo over the fries).
5	This place serves absinthe!!!!!it is awesome!!!!!
5	Awesome place for a premium burger, beer and fries! Black and blue burger medium rare is must.Classic bar and grill layout. The server was incredible friendly and competent. Chatted with the owner and his daughter who manages the place. Both are very relaxed, funny and nice. Mr "Dotty" was a bit of a character.Great location near the campus. Definitely a keeper on the Madison short list.
5	I was seated in a corner booth facing all together four booths, filled with college students in happy conversations around their tumblers of soda. This was a neat place, a bit dark in a moody kind of way, but nice in the way that you can still see your food an your companions kind of way.The service was great, a friendly waitress with a flower in her hair, big gleaming eyes and a biggest smile I have ever seen of someone recommending a local beer. She got me Hopalicious and it was delicious. An of course for the burger, I went for their famous The Melting Pot, and it was glorious. The best burger I have ever had. Really. I just wish that I have known of this place three days earlier. Well, next time in Madison..
5	I highly recommend the 1/2 pound cheeseburger with 3 cheeses, bacon, and garlic butter (the secret ingredient). I washed it down with a spotted cow beer which tasted creamy and delicious. Wish I could visit this bar every week. The service was great too.
3	Great wait staff...really nice.  stopped by for lunch yesterday.  food was ok, nothing special...had the chili. Yummy chocolate malt!
5	If Dotty's was in Chicago it would be a very popular spot and I'd be there all the time. Luckily, Madison is not too far from Chicago and when I come up for a Badgers game or just to visit, I take in Dotty's for their ridiculously good burgers and their selection of fine Wisconsin beers.  Where else can go get a pitcher of New Glarus Spotted Cow and a burger with English garlic sauce, swiss, cheddar and provolone, and bacon? This would be the melting pot burger and it would be delicious.The meat is fresh ground chuck and it's juicy and always cooked to order. The Runnelstone and the Black and Blue are good bets and next time I'm in I'll try something else.  Burgers are priced about standard for the quality you get and extra toppings like bacon, jalapeno bacon, roasted red pepper or sauteed mushrooms are $0.75 extra.  The burgers don't come with fries but you get a lot for $2. Or, go for fried cheese curds, fried mushrooms, onion rings or other goodies.  If cow meat is not your thing, you can get a variety of chicken sandwiches, a turkey burger, lamb burger, veggie or buffalo burger. Dotty's also has salads, chili and soup, ahi tuna steak, portabella mushroom sammy, fish sandwiches, brats, corn dogs, and did I mention Spotted Cow?Friendly and attentive service is standard and be prepared to wait a long time on game days.  However, you can't miss going to Dotty's for a real Wisconsin bar experience. Beautiful wood paneling throughout, a great long wood bar and lots of Wisconsin memorabilia line the walls. The bar just has a great feel to it without being forced.  I am so glad Dotty's opened back up several years ago after closing for 3 years just after I started school in Madison. Can't wait to go back!
5	5 star Burgers, Fries don't get any better, soups, all that, except I never had a salad there. A boatload of beers on tap, tap root beer, walls of TVs, close to campus, Kohl center and Camp Randall or if you prefer, "The House Barry Built"
4	I am frequently in Madison on business and decided I wanted to try local flare from now on, skipping the places I can go to at home.  I am very happy my coworkers were kind enough to bring me here.  First, the whole Badger love thing is new to me but I appreciate passionate fans.  Being from Texas, it is dedication I am used to seeing.  That being said, I really loved the badger decor and the inside of the Dotty Dumpling's is awesome.  It is very much like a pub (I mean, I guess it is a pub) but without being dirty or divey.  I thought it was very cozy.  The hostess seated us right away and our waitress was very helpful. I ordered cheese curds (thumbs up), the melting pot burger (with a buffalo patty ) and a big basket of fries.  EVERYTHING WAS GREAT!! I cannot wait to go back and try a different burger and the onion rings.I couldn't finish any of it - so next time I will be sharing and taking my time.  This is a great place. *my mouth is watering just thinking about that burger!*  :))))
4	Dotty's has a solid selection of burgers and beers.  I recommend the Heart Throb, which was pleasantly spicy.  If you can't find a burger that meets your fancy, the build-your-own selection should remedy that problem.  The burgers are cooked medium-rare, which, in my opinion, is the most delicious, but they will happily cook them well-done if you wish.  An order of fries is large enough to split between two people.  Dotty's has interesting decor and the booths are dark and private.  On a Friday night, though, be prepared for a 20-30 minute wait.  Service was about average.  A must visit for any burger lovers who find themselves in Madison.
3	I came into the experience with a very high expectation, as nearly everyone that had recommended the restaurant gave rave reviews. The burger selection seemed to be quite extensive, and as a fairly selective eater, I opted for the safe-bet honey mustard burger. I also ordered the sampler platter to get a good feel for their deep-fried selections. Overall the burger was ok. It was fairly soggy, but the sauce was good. It definitely didn't leave me pining for more. The cheese curds were good (but they seem to be delicious no matter where you are), and the fries were fairly soggy. Overall, it was a fairly pedestrian experience at a premium price. I wouldn't avoid the restaurant if friends demanded it, but at the same time, I wouldn't seek it out either.
4	Sweet find, great brew selection, and loved my buffalo burger. Staff was friendly and the bar area comfortable. Couple cuties working their, one with a particular sweet smile, always a plus. This place deserves a place on State St.
2	Last Saturday was the only time in my life when I used the word "F**K" and "Dumplings" in the same sentence(As in "F**K no I do not want to go to Dotty Dumpling's").  My ever observant companions  took that as a definite NO and fortunately we went elsewhere.Is it just me? Do I not know what a good burger tastes like or what good service consists of? After reading the good reviews here  guess I don't but the two times I have been there in three years I have had the most greasy, overpriced burgers accompanied by slow, indifferent service I have ever had.  I ordered a medium-rare and got a bloody, greasy glob that pretty much dissolved the bun. The meat was tasteless and the only thing that saved it was the sauce. Oh, and it took a mere forty-five minutes to get to me. The first visit wasn't much better. I think though that it may have something to do with going there on Sunday nights which can be a crap-shoot at any restaurant in Madison. Maybe I'll try it again on a weekday but since I had one of  the worst meals of my LIFE at this place I'm not eager to test my luck again.If you have to go, stick to the fried mushrooms.
4	While walking around Madison and checking yelp for nearby spots, I found this place.  Its a great old school pub with old school wood and charm.  Since I was in Wisconsin i ordered the cheese curds to start, and then I got the California burger. I decided I'm not a fan of cheese curds. They are basically deep fried white cheddar balls. My burger was great and came with provolone cheese, smoked bacon, and avocado. There were lots of fun burgers on the menu and I had a hard time choosing what to get.I'd recommend this place to anyone and stop by again my next time in Madison.
5	If you near the university, this is a MUST stop for lunch. Burgers are great, but the deep fried mac n cheese is awesome! I had a bison burger and it was delicious.
3	Big hype about this place, I suppose it's okay. Build your own burger spot. The burger that I asked to be medium was quite rare. Just felt like they were trying to rush us out of there. In fact, you can't stay longer than an hour per their policy. Dark and crowded with kitschy Wisconsin decor, it's better than your average pub.
3	I like to come to Dotty's after work sometimes for an old-fashioned and a burger. The place is a little touristy, but I'd prefer that to a rowdy college fratboy scene. The drinks are reasonably priced, and the burgers are good if not rather messy (almost to the point of being annoying on several occasions). The one thing I will note is that the bar staff is at times somewhat inattentive. Towards the end of the night (they close at midnight) you might find them at the end of the bar near the grill chatting with coworkers while you wait to place an order or your glass is empty. Other than that, this place is worth checking out if you in the neighborhood.
5	I've always had a good experience at Dotty's - the burgers are consistently fantastic. It's really easy to build your own burger if you're not feeling any of the house menu options.I also have to say that this is my favorite interior space in any Madison bar/restaurant - very old school. Dark wood, interesting bar, vintage collegiate/UW decor. There's usually an interesting film playing on a number of the TV's, too. Makes for an interesting yet inviting vibe.Important to note if you're thinking about going - this place gets BUSY before any Kohl Center event. It's not enormous inside and can get pretty packed... not the best choice if you're in search of a leisurely meal before an event/game.
3	Nice burgers with options for everybody. Bun was soft, but held up nicely. I chose the Melting Pot and tasted great, but I've had better burgers in places like Five Guys.They sell themselves as the Hamburguers HQ of the world, which is catchy.The place is great to hangout with friends, have a couple of beers, etc.... expect long lines....
4	We went up to Madison to see The Avengers with our daughter. It was the weekend they block off Mifflin for a (wait for it.....) .... yes... a BIG DRINKING PARTY! While it was fun to watch all the yunggins having a drunk-n-blast, it was nice to find a respite by dashing in to Dotty's for some quiet time, delicious burgers, and a beer.Four of us got burgers... yum! The fifth, my daughter, is a veggie. She got a salad. Clearly she was not as excited as the rest of us. Her salad looked good, but typical. The burgers, on the other hand, are wonderful. You can pick from several toppings. All were sufficiently messy and dripped down our faces. They serve them in baskets which really doesn't work for a messy burger. They have a good beer selection (it is Madison, after all) and the staff was friendly. Maybe they just came from Mifflin?
5	Best burgers in Madison!  Always good and always fast service!  Highly recommended!
5	Great food, great price, and the service is always amazing. One if my favorite spots in town.
5	Now that I'm on Yelp, I can finally review this place like it deserves.  Dotty's burgers are one of the few things I crave and miss about Madison, WI.  A friend brought me here when I first arrived in Wisconsin, and I consistently went back over the next six years.  All friends that I have brought there absolutely love it.  The setting is ambient, it has a very traditional bar feel to it with wooden seats and high tables.  The atmosphere fits into a variety of styles, which is probably why it is such a popular place to go for a large demographic of people.  I have had friends who had their first date here, which is strange considering you're trying to carry a conversation while chomping down on a messy burger.The food is phenomenal.  I always split an appetizer sampler with a friend and got a Melting Pot burger, though I pretty much have had all the burgers on their menu at one point or another.  The burgers tend to be cooked more than what you ask, so if you want an actual medium burger, I would ask for a medium-rare.  I like my burgers medium-well, so it wasn't a huge problem for me.  The Melting Pot is edible without any additional condiments, as the English garlic sauce is pretty much heaven in a bun.  The burger patties are tender.  If you want to be a little more fancy, I'd highly recommend getting a bison burger.  You can sub the regular beef patty with a bison patty in any of their signature burgers for a slight fee.  All their burgers are top-notch and are among the best burgers I have ever had, but they tend to get messy since the buns are fluffy and soft.  I loved their buns, but I know some prefer their burgers to be in buns that are a little more firm.The sampler is hit or miss depending on who is frying them, but that only means it varies in degrees of deliciousness.  The cheese curds are some of the best bar curds I've ever had in Madison.  The fried mushrooms are great with the garlic sauce, though they might not be for some because they're very hot and filled with grease.  The mac and cheese wedges are probably my favorite, and you can dip them in just about anything to add some flavor.  The fries are fairly average, and the onion rings tend to be the most unpopular thing there since they have thick breading and are huge.They have a decent beer list for a diner-pub.  I would not recommend going when there are events around campus, as this place tends to be packed.  They also only serve a limited menu for Kohl Center events, and it is much better to be able to choose something special off their regular menu instead.
3	Great burgers and ambiance, but let down by soggy French fries, though a later lunch there (OK, I admit it, ti was the very next day!) had OK fries. Not great, but OK.Bratwurst was also well worth a try.
2	When I order a burger, I want a burger.  If I wanted tasty bacon, lovely cheese, and other fixins... well, I would probably go to a store, buy them, and eat at home.  DDD does great fixins, but I've never enjoyed their burgers.To elaborate, I like my burgers to be burger-y.  I want the bun to be fresh, and a good balance to the patty, I want the patty to be cooked as I ask for it (medium-rare) and nice and juicy.  I want the patty to be the *star* of the burger.  In 3 visits to DDD, the burger patty has ranged from cardboard-y to slightly less cardboard-y.  The only reason I finished each burger was because of the dump-truck sized amounts of bacon, cheese, jalapenos, and delicious tasting sauce.  Baconcheesejalapeno makes everything taste OK - even shite meat.So, if you want a burger loaded with fixins (the combinations, admittedly, are quite creative and well made) then this is your place.  If you want a BURGER, then keep on walking.Also, the cheese curds are good, the beer is refreshingly intoxicating, and the location and general "vibe" of the place are nice.  One caveat, when sporting events are occurring, good luck getting a table and when you get one, be prepared for plenty of sozzled undergrads and bros.
5	This is it.  Go here when you are in Madison.  The burgers are good, but its the fried food with their GARLIC DIP  that is the best part.  Cheese Curds are a requirement or you didn't actually go to DDD.
4	Favorite burgers in Madison
4	YUMMMMMMY!! I thoughly enjoyed my burger. Our whole group did.We also shared a sampler basket of all things fried. All thing delicious! Cheese curds, mac and cheese, onion rings, fries and mushrooms. It's more like heart attack basket but hey, all things in moderation, right?GREAT ATMOSPHERE! I loved the old vintage charm of Dotty Dumplings!If and I mean IF I had to make a complaint, I'd say server was a tiny but aloof, not enough to annoy me, but she could have check on us more. NOT a big deal really.I don't live in Madison but do visit once or twice a year and you bet I'll return!! I love Dotty's!
5	I went to Dotty Dumpling's Dowry as part of my research into burgers in Madison on a recent trip. I'd have to say that the burger here was perfectly cooked, well-seasoned and constructed of high quality meat.I got the Rolls Royce burger which is basically a fancy bacon cheeseburger. I thought the Belgian ale cream sauce might have been a kind of gimmick, but it really assisted the burger in a good way. Also, as previously mentioned, the burger was cooked to a perfect medium.The atmosphere of Dotty Dumpling's is also really quite pleasant and good for groups of four or five to sit at a booth.
3	I actually give it 3.5 stars! We got two burgers: the California and the Stanley. I felt like the Stanley was delicious but way too much bbq sauce. However the California didn't have enough toppings. There was only a thin layer of guac and barely any sprouts. The cheese curds were delicious though! Yum!Warning: fries are NOT included in your burger decision.
5	Oh Dotty Dumpling's Dowry...how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:1.  Best burger ever.  Seriously.  I take back all the other times that I have thrown this out there and give you the crown.  The burger was perfectly cooked, the bacon was crispy and delicious, the Heart Throb sauce is divine, and the bleu cheese was perfect.2.  BEAUTIFUL craft beer list.  There are plenty of awesome local brews on tap (I opted for some Ale Asylum beers), the list is organized by brewery (and state, OG reading, and IBUs are listed...swoon!), and there are also imports and domestics for the *other* drinkers as well.3.  Fried Cheese Curds + English Garlic Sauce = HEAVEN.4.  The actual restaurant is small and homey and inviting.  I love the speakeasy feel of the outside, the dark wood, the motorcycle paraphernalia, the old timey songs and music...But really? You had me at vintage betches with brews in the bathroom.I don't think I can ever eat anywhere else in Madison ever again.  Thanks.
4	I won't say that these are the best burgers I've EVER had (for that, Kuma's Corner in Chicago is still my go-to) but they really are quite good.  And messy...which I think is important with any good burger.  I ordered the Runnelstone per the waitresses suggestion and was not disappointed with my burger.   I don't remember what all everyone else ordered but there were no burgers left on the table at the end of the meal.  We also ordered the sample basket to share between the 4 of us.  I was with 3 other guys who, after the basket arrived, insisted that the basket wasn't big enough.  I was actually really glad we got the basket because I didn't think their fries were anything great but I LOVED the fried macaroni and cheese.  Plus there were fried mushrooms and fried cheese curds.  I mean, why choose one fried thing when you can have FOUR different kinds in one great basket!  I have to think that the others agreed with me because I don't actually remember people finishing the fries.  Also, I really liked the English Garlic sauce.  This sauce is on quite a few burgers so maybe this isn't the prime place to eat on a Friday night before you go out to meet a bunch of people you've never met before but we went for it anyway.Another fun thing about this place is that they have a decent selection of beers --some Wisconsin ones and some otherwise.  I would recommend the Wisconsinite if they have that when you go.  Quite tasty! If I was rating the food alone, I would probably give the place 5 stars but our waitress wasn't that great which was why I knocked off a star.   Even though she provided burger suggestions, any requests for sauces or frosty glasses (even though she ASKED if we wanted a frosty glass) took a while for her to get to.  I'm more forgiving if the restaurant is packed...but it wasn't.
5	Maybe not the best burgers ANYWHERE, but definitely the best I've had in Madison.  My only problem with this place is that I haven't gone here enough!The burgers were messy, glorious tributes to the meat Gods.  The appetizers (we plowed through two sampler baskets and an extra basket of fries) were good -- especially the amazing cheese curds.  They also have good vegetarian options and can make any burger on their menu with a veggie patty.  They also have buffalo and "Kobe" beef options available (though I call BS on the Kobe beef since it's not actually legal to sell REAL Kobe beef in the US -- go google it!)Service was attentive, but not annoying, and any problems (one burger was missing guacamole) were quickly taken care of.  We had a larger party and yet there were no major snafus, which seems to be a minor miracle these days.  We brought our own dessert (my birthday cake!) and they were completely accomodating about it.Definitely, one of my top places to eat in Madison.
4	Whoever married Dotty Dumpling better like burgers.  What is there not to like?  Judging from most reviews not a thing.  So I checked this place out and had one of the best tasting burgers I have ever had. Mine was the Melting Pot burger with an absolutely delicious garlic sauce.  No catsup or mustard needed unless you so desire.   The Grand Daddy burger was delicious too according to someone else in my group.I would say the burger was better than a great burger.  It had something special due to its great combination of flavor, juiciness, delicious cheese and cooked perfectly.  Our service was perfect, not too little and not too much.  The place is a bit dark inside.  Might be nice for a date but to me it felt a bit too dingy.  Entire staff was professional.  The bathroom was very clean.  So nice to see this.  Open kitchen is nice.  Second time I saw this this week and I think it really gives people a sense of what goes on in the kitchen isn't being hidden behind the wall.As I go back for more I suspect this place will move up to 5 stars.  Don't let me down Dotty.
5	Finally made it down to DDD.  Friends have been pushing me to try the "best burger" for weeks.  I just didn't buy it.  I was tired of burgers, and just wasn't into it.Then I saw a segment on the Food Network of "Best Burger in America" and low and behold, Dotty's!  So I gave it a shot.First of all, we walked in (Saturday night) and the hostess said, "We're not playing the Wisconsin football game.  Is that alright?"  I didn't mind. I came for the food.  I think they didn't want general rucknes-ness happening.  So, leave your Badger wear behind. The mood was definitely more intimate and refined then your general pub feel.  With high tables and gentle lighting, it was super nice to be at a bar/restaurant that still felt a tiny bit fancy.  With the old Hollywood pics, and big model airplanes hanging from the ceiling, it was sort of like a pub with a feather in its cap.I got the melting pot burger.  This is a burger with 4 kinds of cheeses, bacon, and a garlic spread.  It was insane!  I always order my meat medium rare, and I always get it medium.  Ugh.  But this time, it was actually perfectly pink in the middle. Bravo!The meat managed to have that little bit of caramelization and so much juiciness, the bottom bun was soaked with deliciousness.  *swoon*Seriously the best burger.
2	So, I went here hoping to enjoy a juicy burger bursting with the flavor of a nicely seasoned patty whose toppings complete an unforgettable meal. At least that's what I thought I would get after reading some reviews... But alas the burger was very disappointing. The condiments on the burger were nice. The bun was good. Fries and curds decent though State Street are still the best curds I have tried in town. The fried mac and cheese was fun and yummy. Atmosphere was fun and the service was good. But the BURGER!!!  AWHWH. Disappointing to say the least. There was absolutely no flavor what so every in the meat. It was as if they just formed the patty, grilled, and served. No salt, garlic, pepper, secret something, ANYTHING! I know, so dramatic huh. It's just I rarely have the opportunity to go out do to a tight budget and you hate to be let down. So if your looking for a nice beef burger stick to mcdonalds. At least you get what you pay for there. As for any of the other food. Give it a shot, maybe the buffalo burgers or other things are yummy. Will I go back? Probably just to try something else but the beef burgers aren't good. Go to vintage brewery. That was a much better burger.Have a nice day!
4	Oh, it's been a while, Triple D.Before they moved, DDD was on State Street and there was a kayak that hung over your head.  It was hard to enjoy your burgers with that kayak there because I was so sure the rigging would snap and the kayak would hit me mid-burger bite.Seems like the kayak was put into storage for the North Frances location.  We split Friday fish fry and the California burger, hold the sprouts.  Both were delicious and warm and made me forget about the cold that awaited outside.  There was lots of cool UW memorabilia inside and it made me swoon nostalgic for my college days.  There were lots of cozy booths and everyone seemed to be genuinely enjoying themselves for a late night dinner.  Really good, chill crowd.On a sidenote, I needed to charge my phone while we were having dinner and the hostess complied with my request.  She seemed like a totally normal girl but was totally awkward with an adult speaking to her.  Ahhh, what it's like to be an awkward college student who can't fathom what 25 will look or feel like.  Ignorance really is bliss.
2	Went on a Friday at 12:30 with some friends and sat at the bar which was completely empty besides a few employees at the far end. Seemed like service would have been good but that was obviously too much to hope for. Bartender was female blondish hair early 20s and super rude, acted like she didn't have time for us. The food is always wonderful but I can get the same thing elsewhere and get good service on top of that. I won't be back and neither will my friends. I don't look for an obnoxious attitude when I go out to eat. In fact I avoid it at all cost.
5	Best burger in Madison hands down! I always get the Melting Pot. There's a reason it is their most sold burger. Oh, and it is topped with bacon, so there's that. The burgers are big. Call me a wimp, but I always ask for a knife so I can cut mine in half.If you get fries, get a basket to share amongst yourselves. Unfortunately the burgers do not come with fries. There is malt vinegar on the table to make your fries English style...always a plusWarning: Do not come here on a night that there is a sporting event at the Kohl Center. Or, if you do, be prepared to wait.
4	The burgers were fantastic, the service was good and the prices were very reasonable.  I got the Melting Pot Burger with pickles and ranch and my hubby and I split the cheese curds (which were to die for).  They make their own Ranch, and boy can you tell.  It was delicious and I was practically licking the bottom of the bowl.  Their English garlic sauce might scare some people off, but you can barely taste the garlic; it doesn't overpower you at all.  It was a little dark, but we went for dinner, so it created a nice atmosphere.  The server was very friendly and the food came out fast.  They have a good beer selection, especially if you like micro-brews.  Overall, I would definitely come  again.  The one complaint I have is that the burgers don't come with fries.
3	Dotty's has a reputation for good burgers. They have some pretty good burgers, but it never really blew my mind. Dotty's was just a little too packed when I went and it was hard to get a conversation going or even hear myself think. I would recommend trying to get to Dotty's at an odd dinner hour or earlier in the evening.
2	Man, what a bummer. My server was awesome - friendly, not fake, attentive without being annoying, and her recommendations were spot-on. My burger was exactly what I was expecting. All good so far...Then my kids's food came. The corn dog was overlooked; the wiener  was shriveled and dry.  The grilled cheese that I ordered was blackened on the outside and the cheese was cold. When I tried to talk the women in charge of the grill, they were condescending, if not indifferent. After showing them the grill cheese, burnt on the inside, cold on the inside and suggesting that the flattop was too hot; I got an eye roll. BTW, I have spent hundreds of hours working a flattop. I didn't share my professional experience but to be blown off was not reassuring when they said they, "Would keep an eye on them." Maybe Dotty's is resting on its laurels. Complacency in the food world is not a good thing.
3	"Best burger in Madison:HMMMMMMMMMMMIt was PACKED and crazy....but that was right AFTER we got seated! Make sure to come early if it's game day so you can get a seat. ;)We have eaten enough in Madison to know that there are a few hidden gems that deserve to be recognized nationally. That being said when we heard that DDD's was voted the best like 100 years in a row we had to check it out. We ordered a burger each, jambalaya "soup" as an appetizer and a regular order of chili fries. First of all WOW the regular order of chili fries was humongous. That was really unexpected. It was also unexpected that it took so long to order and it  arrived ridiculously late. Secondly I had ordered the California burger and which was supposed to come with a whole bunch of toppings that sounded amazing on the menu but when I got it I literally had to remove the top bun to make sure that I got the right burger because I didn't taste half the toppings. I have been to "gourmet" burgers joints before and have loved every second of them. I however did not find justification in spending $8+ for a sliver of a burger with very dismal amount of toppings. (was that burger patty even 4 ounces??)
4	For the best burger place in Madison, I award it to Dotty Dumpling's.In fact, they specialize in burgers and have a huge selection of them on their menu. Even if, in the extremely rare occasion, you blasphemously don't want one of Dotty Dumpling's original or alternative burgers, there is always the option to build your own. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend my favorite burger here; it's because I tried most of them and was not disappointed each time I went. If you're in the mood for a heart attack, however, I'd go for the Melting Pot burger. Sometimes I get the Aphrodite burger in an attempt to falsely trick myself into thinking it is a healthier option. Regardless, if you want a quality burger, head over to Dotty Dumpling's.
5	Best Burgers in Madison Basil mozzarella is my all time favorite. The pesto is amazing. Fries are crispy and soft. Wonderful date night place.
4	The burgers and cheese curds are amazing!
4	The crowds here are a good sign. I've had the spicy black bean veggie burger, vegan burger, and fried cod sandwich. All are delicious.I'm docking one star because I really think the burgers/sandwiches should come with at least a small side (a few fries? some steamed broccoli?). I've always found a burger/sandwich on its own leaves something to be desired, but ordering a side to go with it is too much food/too pricey. I usually split an order of cheese curds with whoever I'm with, and those usually hit the spot.
5	The best burger and cheese curds I have ever had. I was in town for the weekend and ate at this place twice. Can be a wait at certain times, but it is worth it. The food is fresh and prepared how you want it.  They have a good menu for pub food lovers. Staff is very friendly and quick. If you are in Madison this is a must try.
2	I had the California Burger. It was good but not excellent, and certainly not the best burger in Madison. I went with three other people and they agreed. We should have went to Five Guys.
5	My all time favorite place to get a burger!Just a scrumptious beef patty I can't feel I can compare to any other establishment!Mustard is a must!The malts are mighty tasty too!I had the walleye on my most recent visit, which was pretty tasty!All the antiques and such fixated throughout are legit!I've been going ever since the last location on N Fairchild St!Pretty sure I was at that location on their last day too!Believe It!
4	Came here in my search for the best fried cheese curds in Madison.  They did not disappoint, but weren't in my top thee places for cheese curds.  The burgers were solid, though.  I'm dreaming about them at night.  The service was good.  The decor was pleasant.  All in all, I will go back...but not with any urgency.
2	We went here for dinner during the Kentucky Derby. We've tried to go a few times only to be greeted by a 2 hour wait, so this time we went around 4pm.The service is why you're losing 2 of the stars. First thing that was a red flag: I ordered a mint julep (in true Derby fashion), and the waitress said they couldn't make it unless I told them the ingredients. Really? A mint julep? I assured her that the bartender would know how to make a mint julep, but she was pretty curt, so I opted for a draft beer instead. Additionally, we only saw her every 10 minutes and couldn't find her when we needed something. Pretty poor overall.The food and drinks were pretty good, but nothing like the other reviews claim. I got the spicy veggie burger (which WAS pretty spicy) and that was tasty. The fries were alright.Dotty, you can do better. :-/
5	Basil mozarella burger is the best
5	While I don't feel qualified to declare Dotty's the best burger place in town - it's a pretty fantastic burger place. My personal favorite is the Runnelstone, whereas my partner is a lover-of-bleu-cheese so she prefers the Black and Bleu. Dotty's burgers are juicy - so juicy that the bun tends to get a little soggy. This doesn't bother me, in fact, it reminds me of the juicy goodness that is the legendary In-N-Out burger. We always grab a regular order of fries, which is big enough to share between two people. I can't speak to any of the other appetizers, though others have praised the cheese curds. Dotty's reputation as the best burger joint in Madison is a tough rep to live up to. You'll find plenty of 3 and 4 star reviews here that claim Dotty's doesn't live up to the hype. To each his own - but I recommend trying Dotty's out for yourself. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	Nice rustic dark atmosphere, with good burgers and excellent chili. Prices are more than fair with adequate service.
2	I was tricked into coming here.  This place serves burgers and pretty much nothing else.  They offer a home-made vegan patty on the menu, but it turns out there are no vegan buns.  The waitress was kind enough to offer to put the patty on top of a couple pieces of lettuce, which is slightly better than what we've experience some other places.  But, if you are serious about trying to cater to us dietary weirdos, please go the extra step and save a spot in your freezer for a couple frozen vegan buns from Whole Foods.  You can them pop in the oven for 8 minutes on the rare occasion a vegan actual tries to partake of your otherwise flavorful offerings.
4	A fantastic burger with a great selection. Pulled into Madison after a long day of driving and grabbed a burger here. It hit the spot!
5	Two words: BISON BURGER.I could just end my review there, to be honest. That's really all you need to know. However, if I must go on, let me say that the fries here are pretty banging too and I love the old timey movies playing (The Manchurian Candidate was on when my mom and I were there).The new location is a bit dark and very pub-y, but has a good, casual ambiance full of wooden booths and friendly servers. Nothing fancy here - come for a casual dining experience and enjoy a plethora of burger options (including veggie burgers for all your vegan and vegetarians out there). For you carnivores, again: get the BISON BURGER and call it a day. You will thank me later!
4	Stopped in during a trip back home to Madison. I remember Dotty's when it was on State Street...used to go as a kid for their amazing burgers and shakes. And waffle fries? Can't remember that far back but may have been my introduction to waffle fries. Anyhoo. Loved the old knick knacks and antiques displayed all over and hanging from the high ceilings.  Was disappointed when it moved to its new location, because I loved that old ambiance. But still has great food and awesome selection of local beer...the type I brag about to my friends who have not been fortunate enough to experience Wisconsin and its brewed offerings. The dark wood, semi private booths, old time music, and soft lighting make this a pleasant place for a meal or a beer. Highly recommend. Glad I stopped in to reminisce.
4	This has become a family ritual for me and my son when he stays with me over the summer.  We eat here the day he arrives so that he can get his first hit of the BEST cheese curds and deep fried mac and cheese EVER and then we have lunch on the day he leaves to help him make it to December before he can get his curds fix again!
5	So everyone raves about the burgers here...which are to die for but I must say...the daily soups beat all! I never order soup at a restaurant unless its at Dotty's.  They are all homemade and my personal favorite is the Brat and Beer Cheese soup...it's absolutely heavenly...should be a regular in the menu! Also had a beer flight with my soup which made it even better (which I didn't know was possible)!  Let's just say I never have to buy soup at the grocery store again because I can just go to Dotty's for my daily soup fix!
3	Onion rings are average but if you want your mind blown, get the mac n' cheese wedges.  Life changing.
5	Despite having "dumpling" in their name, they do not have dumplings on their menu and it's really quite confusing for people who have never been there. However, they have a drool-worthy menu full of burgers.Aside from the sign informing patrons that they are discouraged to stay for more than an hour when it's busy, I had a great time at DDD. The service was really on point because I went there with my boyfriend on Badger game day. I had the Runnelstone and he had the Toadstool. We also ordered a basket of fries. I wanted my burger medium rare with raw onions instead of grilled and that is exactly what I got. It was delicious and aside from the bun feeling a little flimsy was exactly everything I look for in a burger. Juicy, flavorful patty with slightly melted cheese and plenty of onion. The fries were also perfect. Slight crisp on the outside with just the right amount of salt. I am totally in love with their burgers and might try to eat my way through their menu. Wish me luck.
4	Dotty's is famous for their burgers in Madison, Wisconsin. A simple recipe burger consisting of a beef patty, crispy bacon, cheddar, and a sesame bun focuses on the trifecta of meat, carbs, and cheese. The burger will definitely satisfy a burger craving (or the college appetite), however it lacks the polish to make it famous too much further than Madison. A softer bun, juicier beef, and a more mouthwatering combination of flavors with some punch from sauce/salt/vinegar could put this simple burger on the national map.
4	Don't let the name fool you. There is not a dumpling in sight at Dotty's Dumpling Dowry. Came here for a late late lunch or super early dinner on a Sunday after flying into town and the waitress was helpful and friendly, although she couldn't explain the origins of the name.  However, that didn't matter after a shared order of cheese curds and a mushroom cheeseburger were consumed with the local brewed root beer. The cheese curds were not overly battered and had a lovely texture. The root beer was better than any national chain can offer. I always fall for a local brewed soda.
1	Oh how inconsistent you are. Great service and food one month. Then complete opposite the next. Its OK to have lower service standards, but at least keep the food as great as you have for these so many years.
2	I don't get it. It's just a regular burger, regular fries and regular cheese curds. Completely regular.
4	The burgers are absolutely delicious. Only downfall is the burgers do not include a side of fries.
4	Second time I've been here and each time has been equally delicious. I see some reviews indicating poor service, but ours was great! Burgers are phenomenal. You can tell the beef is really great quality and that the cooks know what they are doing. Fries are great too, make sure to get the English Garlic sauce to dip them in. I indulged in a chocolate milkshake as well, which was perfectly thick and chocolately. The atmosphere is also very cozy and inviting.I had their new Bayou Burger. Only complaint would be that it was quite hard to get the cajun flavor described on the menu through the burger. I couldn't find the "Louisiana Hot Sauce" anywhere on my burger. However the Cajun Mayo was very good, and I appreciate that it came on the side so you could decide how much or how little you wanted. Also, they should really invest in some gluten-free buns! Being gluten-free, I would definitely gravitate towards the Nitty Gritty or DLUX instead of Dotty's, simply for the gluten-free buns those places offer.Overall, a great place to grab a bite!
5	Everyone I know would rate this as the number one burger place to go to in Madison (and I grew up in Madison).  You can clearly see that these are handmade patties that are cooked to order.  We've never been disappointed in the amount of cooking specified, either.  All sides are typically amazing.  We love the sausage jambalaya, and this recipe is pretty authentic, as I have a recipe that tastes the same from a friend who actually lives in a Louisiana bayou.  The only thing we haven't enjoyed is the shrimp jambalaya since the shrimp are usually mushy and fishy.  Only other complaint is that the buns for the chicken sandwich are different than what the serve with the burgers and are dry.  Otherwise, amazing place to eat if you're looking for a burger!
5	As always a great place for a burger. The food hasn't changed but the atmosphere isn't as good as their 2nd location.
4	Great burgers -- strict rules. Check whether there is an event at the Kohl Center -- or a Wisconsin game on TV --  before trying to grab dinner at Dotty's. They enforce an hour-limit per table, which isn't that big of a deal (especially if you don't care about said game) except that they're pushy about it. The host will tell you. The server will tell you. There's a sign on the table. We get it - leave after an hour. Also, our server told us on our last visit: no split tickets. This is one of my restaurant pet peeves considering the computer system is almost always capable of doing this work automatically. And lest you forget, your 60 minutes are ticking away while you figure out the bill. Conclusion: You'll have great food at Dotty's, but go here for a quick bite with a small group (preferably  on the same ticket) on a non-game night.
4	Solid burgers, good sides, and good service. Our server had great recommendations on beer and burgers, and she wasn't wrong. There are tons of options, and I sampled a little of everything our party ordered. I'd recommend ordering a burger medium, as specified on the menu, as it wasn't super thick, so it was still nice and juicy without being raw-ish. The Southwest is great, as is the Heart Throb. The cheese curds were great, even though they were served with boring ranch sauce (get one of their signature sauces instead), and the fried mushrooms were decent too.I understand the place can get pretty busy, but we went on the night after Christmas and the entire downtown was dead. Lucky for us. Party of 8 seated immediately.Next time I will order one of their shakes too.
5	Looked for the best burgers in Madison, WI and Yelp Reviews highly recommended Dotty Dumpling's Dowry. Thanks, Yelp! This is hands-down the best burger place in town. The restaurant has a pleasant atmosphere. Service was great. I visited with a huge appetite with my SO, so we ordered a lot. The Homemade Chili with sour cream and cheese was delightful. It had a tangy flavor, which I'm guessing was a touch of vinegar in the recipe? The Homemade Cornbread was moist and light. No need to eat it with butter! Being from the South, I know good cornbread when it's in front of me.  I ordered the Grand Daddy burger. This definitely filled my burger-fix for the night. My SO ordered the Melting Pot burger, and that lived up to the Yelp reviews! Be prepared to have extra napkins on hand. We shared a jumbo order of fries and finished our journey with the yummy Homemade Fudge Bottom Pie. I'll definitely be back for more!
5	The melting pot burger is delicious and just perfect. Quite literally feels like it just melts in your mouth. My favorite burger joint in Madison. I'm not a fan of the interior design and dark lighting and usually order for pick up.
5	Dotty's has the best burger I've had in Madison. Like bacon? Like cheese? Like good beef? Look no further.Make sure to check if there is a sporting event in the Kohl Center (time will be limited to 1 hour at a table if so) before you come. They are pretty strict about it and will remind you about your time limit. I don't like that kind of stress when eating, and I know others feel the same, so be warned.I ordered the Melting Pot (their most popular burger), and I was not disappointed. There was a plethora of cheese, a substantial amount of beef (cooked medium), and delicious sauce (English Garlic). The size of the burger was actually quite perfect. I ordered an appetizer of fried cheese curds with my buddies, and a side order of fries, and I couldn't finish my fries. The price of fries is also not unreasonable (1.99). Most of the specialty burgers have bacon, so if you're not feeling it, I would recommend building your own burger. There's a starting price of 5.99, and there are many options to customize it to your own liking. You honestly don't need much if you are a beef patty purist. Their beef is great and cooked to perfection.Get the burger cooked medium (or it becomes pretty runny, as my friends found out). I would also recommend asking for a special sauce if you order the cheese curds instead of the typical ranch. Their curds are on par with The Old Fashioned's, and the sauce definitely gives them a leg up.Though the Dowry gets a little crowded, and parking is difficult to find if there is an event at the Kohl Center, I would recommend making your way out; writing about the burgers here is making me crave them again.
5	Boyfriend and I come here a lot for apps and drinks, and we always have a good time. I like the ambiance here, it is very warm and pub-like. We have sat both at the bar and at a high-top--both were nice. I recommend getting the sampler appetizer--it is has cheese curds, deep fried mushrooms, deep fried mac and cheese bites, and onion rings. The ranch sauce is amazing!What keeps me coming back is the beer selection. I like trying new beers (with boyfriend's recommendation, of course) and I always find something I have never heard of here. This is a great place to take the family when they are in Madison visiting or a nice place for dinner/drinks with friends. Because of the warm, pub-like aura, I feel like this is a great place to go for dinner or a date in the winter months.
4	Dote [doht]  verb (used without object), dot*ed, dot*ing. Also, doat.to bestow or express excessive love or fondness habitually (usually followed by on or upon): They dote on their youngest daughter. - thank you: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/dote?s=t Yes. I dote on Dotty's. More specifically, I dote on the goodness that is Dotty's Melting Pot burger.Maybe it's the trifecta of cheddar, swiss, and provolone cheese that I am infatuated with. Maybe it's the hefty slices of Jones Dairy Farm smoked bacon that I love.But if I really must confess, I know that deep down, it's the signature, incredibly flavorful, English garlic sauce that I am unable to erase from my memory. The level of delicious already present in this great burger increases five-fold thanks to the mighty powers of this wonderful sauce. The burger is messy, but reasonably so. You'll be willing to get your hands (and face, and clothing) dirty in order to experience this #1 selling burger love.
3	Time has not treated you well, Dotty.  Almost 20 years ago in college (god that sounds that a long time ago), I visited Dotty's when it was located on Regent St.  A small place that delivered an absolutely amazing burger.  I still remember it to this day.  Fast forward to today and Dotty's is not even close to what it once was.  Yes, it still carries a strong brand recognition in Madison but let's face it, the burger scene in Madison is hyper competitive and there are at least 7 other places that produce a superior sandwich.  Way too much sauce, the meat lacked flavor and didn't appear to be hand pattied the way they once were. What once was is now very pedestrian and unerwhelming.  Sure, they will attract the people that stroll by on their way to a Kohl Center event but won't be attracting me anytime soon.
5	Dotty's obviously doesn't need my review, but I'm adding it anyway! I recently visited during my first ever trip to Madison, and was instantly hooked. The fried cheese curds (a first for this East coast guy) were amazing, and the locals I was with mentioned that Dotty's were - in their opinion - the best in town. A great selection of burgers, including buffalo and vegetarian options. I had the California burger with sprouts and guacamole, and unlike a lot of burger joints, the darn thing was actually cooked properly! When they said pink through the middle, they meant it. Halfway through the meal I stopped caring how messy I was getting. Oh, and as an added bonus, the service was friendly and reasonably prompt. I hope to be back one day....!
3	The burgers were decent, but they weren't worth the cost with how tiny they were.  I can think of a number of burger joints in Madison that are much better.
5	Still the go to burger place in Madison!   Cooked to order and the sauces make the difference. Cheese curds are some of the best as well. Order the English garlic sauce as a side.
4	Despite knowing of it's existence forever, had never made it to Dotty's - coming from Milwaukee to head to the Kohl, we usually make use of one of the establishments that will shuttle us over so we don't pay for parking. This evening we had to be in the neighborhood early, so we snagged close $5 parking and packed into Dotty's with the rest of the pre-hockey crowd. Despite the large crowd and hectic nature of the whole thing, loved how cool and collected the wait staff is. Burgers were really good - smokey with just a little char. Big and juicy. Was a little disappointed in my choice, but that was my fault, not the burgers. The patty itself was fine, but I should have gone with gooey cheese and bacon and om nom nom. Basket of fries to share was fine between three. Food came quickly, beers flowed and we made it in plenty of time for the game.Great experience, would recommend and go back. What else could you ask for?
5	I had only heard great things about this place. I had the melting pot burger and split cheese curds with my girlfriend. This is easily one of the best cheeseburgers I've ever had. The garlic sauce is a great touch. The restaurant is dark but very friendly.  Great spot, great good. Great beer selection.  Cannot so much better in Madison.
2	I had great hope for this place based on reviews but was greatly disappointed. First problem was the beer. You do NOT serve quality micro-brews ice cold and in a frosty mug. With such a nice beer list, I figured they would know that but apparently not. It's great for the cheap mega-brews, but don't do that to my IPA. I was also quite surprised when my pint was $8!The second problem was the burger. They had great potential but both burgers were nearly raw. I normally order my burgers medium, but these were rare.
5	Have tried many burger places in town and this place has the best burgers! We love eating here. Their burgers that have cream cheese on them are delicious! Definitely give this place a try!
5	Good food - Madison redefines bar food with such places. Beer, Chicken wings, milk shake. Life is good :)A great plus that it is sooo close to campus and downtown - get both the student as well as the adult crowd. Always full, but that's a sign of a good place and what is the bar for??
3	Don't get me wrong this place was yummy, but I ordered the special there, five cheeses on a burger, and my chest hurt.  It's really my fault.  It was just too much.  My husband had the toadstool which was to die for.  Have to love mushrooms that's all I have to say.  They were perfectly seasoned and I'm still drooling over it, and the cheese curds were absolutely delicious. The service was superb, she really wanted to help out as much as possible.  The bartender was really too accommodating, I wanted a shake with liquor.  They had the liquor, they had the shakes.  I was willing to pay.  It was a new form of lazy.  I actually felt bad for my server, because she was the messenger.  On a positive note, my husband got an awesome microbrew that he loved.  I'm sorry I can't remember the name, magic hat? Something in that sense.  All in all a-ok, try it out!
5	The Melting Pot Burger + Fried Cheese Curds = Heaven. It was soo good and filling that I almost didn't finish it!This place competes for "Best Burger in Madison" with all the cheese + special sauce they put on their burger!
5	I think this was the fastest I've ever ate a hamburger in my entire life. And was the greatest tasting, which begs the udder question:HOW DO YOU RAISE YOUR COWS OUT THERE IN WISCONSIN?!
5	Everything here is delicious! Best burgers around!! The cheesecurds are perfection! I used to love Old Fashioned cheesecurds, but they are way too greasy. Dotty's curds are my new fav!
5	Service was very prompt. I got the Lamb Burger (outstanding) wife got the Runnelstone burger. We ordered the Appetizer sampler (the cheese curds and mac and cheese wedges are incredible) they have a great selection of micro brews. And fairly priced as well
4	Comfort burger place. I love it! No dumplings here, but there's a lot of AMAZING food I LoVE. Mac & Cheese wedges in cute tight triangles. Fried Portabella mushrooms. Shakes which you can split with a friend for a $1 fee. California burger (comes with guacamole). Lamb burger. Mushroom burger (not vegetarian, just has mushrooms AND garlic sauce!)It's a fun place - dim lights, quirky decorations, black and white movies. Come here with friends for a fun night! I just wish there wasn't as many people who knew of this gem! You might be in for a wait on the weekends..
4	The atmosphere is so cozy and cute and perfect. It was better than expected, frankly. And even though DDD has apparently moved several times since opening 45 years ago, the place looks old-school while not being worn out. Loved the bar and especially loved the array of great beers. Note: some of them are not on the menu, so ask if you don't see your favorite! I'm not a meat eater at all, but on occasion I do indulge in a bison burger (lived in Colorado for 10 years), so I was happy to see that DDD has one. I had been warned by family who live in Madison to order the burger well done, because they're received fairly raw burgers before there. Well, I normally get bison medium, which is how it's supposed to be cooked, but on their warning, I got medium well. Trust me, it was almost charred. So I didn't love that. It must vary with cooks or something but next time, I'll order it the way I like it and if it is raw, I'll send it back. In any case, despite the way it was cooked, it was very decent in every way, especially with the wild mushrooms. Their salads are huge and their fries kind of need salting, but overall, a very fun experience. The great ending to this meal was the strawberry milkshake, which was PERFECTLY executed and served in a classic DDD pint glass. This is definitely a fun, friendly and enjoyable Madison institution with something for everyone.
4	I'm a longtime fan of Dotty's. The service is consistent, the decor is always interesting including old movies playing on the TVs, which is fun, and the food is just yummy, happy, satisfying goodness. The Melting Pot and the Runnelstone are my 2 top picks for burgers. The Melting Pot comes with 3 kinds of cheese (cheddar, Swiss  & provolone) and thick, gorgeous bacon. The Runnelstone has cheddar and caramelized onions. And the English garlic sauce on both is a mayo lovers dream - SO GOOD on pretty much anything! Oh and the cheese curds.........some of the best in the city with a nice ranch dipping sauce. I've always been curious about their Bloody Mary, but have yet to give that a try. Stop into Dotty's when you have a major burger hankering - you'll be super happy you did!
2	Food ok. Service consistently poor to awful. Lighting painfully low. Specialty burger restaurant whose burger patties are only ok - today dry, rubbery, fairly flavourless though previously better - and flavour combinations pretty mediocre. Assorted deep fried foods are pretty good including the very expensive cheese curds. I had the toadstool burger. The mushrooms and cheese faded away against the charred flavour of the patty which was slightly pink inside and black on the outside. The bun was soggy. The garlic sauce remarkably tasty. For $7.50 ish I felt ripped off. Would recommend getting a cheeseburger to go from five guys to be honest!Service has been poor on previous visits and today was especially bad. "Emily" took her time before she finally came by our table. Then she asked us for our drink orders three times in the space of two minutes. Then a five minute gap... When I said we were ready to order she inexplicably turned around, walked off and disappeared for another five minutes. The rest of the service was adequate in a surly teenage kinda way though she also failed to mention that the cider on the menu was listed incorrectly. When it arrived it was actually peach flavoured and not to my taste at all. However I couldn't be bothered wrestling with her further so can't really blame the restaurant entirely for having suffered through an entire glass of the stuff. Overall, we will not be returning. Between the dingy lighting (I think meant to create atmosphere...?!!!), the mediocre, overpriced food and the appalling service I would recommend you go elsewhere too.
5	Here's what you Yelpers need to know.  I've been to restaurants near and far in search of the perfect burger.  Dotty's Grand Daddy burger is the nearest to perfection I've encountered.  The ingredients are local and the beef is top quality.  The freshness of the beef comes out in full force to your senses; you'll notice a pleasant difference in the smell and taste of the beef compared to other burgers.  Pair the burger with a micro brew and some fries, and you're off to a great night.  The choice is clear if you are hungry for a burger in Madison.  Go to Dotty's.
4	Dottys had quit a bit of mixed reviews but i think it hands down deserves a four.  the reason i gave it a four and not a five is that i felt like the beef was not very tender or seasoned.  even considering that, the generous amount of cheese and delicious bun, sauce, and pickles are top notch!  It was one of the best burgers. ever.  i just had one bite of pure beef and didnt feel like it was great.  to be fair im not really into the charbroiled flavor so if you are this place will rock your socks off!  Atmosphere is also amazing.
4	We were in town for the weekend and were looking for a solid cheeseburger to get the afternoon started.  Kicked things off with the cheese curds - absolutely a must.  The GF and I are sluts for the salty, pillowy deliciousness that is a fine, fried curd.I went with the "Alumni" which is basically a cheeseburger with a special sauce on it (guessing A1, mayo, and a little something else).  The burger itself was done perfectly medium and overall it was a nice combination of flavors.  Definitely steaky.The lady built her own cheeseburger with onions and mushrooms.  Also very solid.  Overall, You probably cant go wrong with any of the burger options.  They definitely live up to their reputation.
4	Why is this called "Dotty Dumpling's Dowry" when pretty much all they have are burgers?  Well, they're good burgers.I got a special which included Hook's Blue Cheese and caramelized onions.  While I personally would have liked to have had more cheese, they burger was good, overall.  The fries were nicely salted and the right crispiness for my liking.  They have a pretty great beer list too!
4	Today was my first visit here.  I have to say, the food is really good.  My friends ordered onion rings and they were delish!  EXACTLY how onion rings should be made!  I ordered the spicy black bean veggie burger and fries.  The veggie burger is a must to eat whether you are vegetarian or not.  Spicy but not too spicy.  The fries were good.  I ordered a side of ranch dressing and it was also exactly how ranch should taste.  Very fresh!Any downsides?  The burger was messy.  Not just mine but 2 others at my table ordered the veggie burger and it was hard to handle and drippy.  One of my friends wound up asking for a fork to eat their sandwich.  And the service I found was a bit lacking.  I practically  had to send up flares to get a refill on my iced tea.    They weren't busy so she should have been more attentive.  Will I be back?  Absolutely.  The food is good and so is the atmosphere.  I like the fact it is local and small in comparison to other restaurants.  I hate feeling like I am drowning in a sea of patrons.What do I find a bit ironic about this place?  The name Dotty 'Dumpling's' Dowry.  There isn't anything related to a dumpling on the menu.  Maybe that is something the owner and/or head chef can think about in the future...
4	I love visiting Dotty Dumpling's Dowry! Their rosemary chicken is to die for! On Fridays they have one of the best fish frys in Madison and the portion is quite large. It's a great place to go and relax BUT don't forget to order the fried mushrooms with the english garlic sauce.
5	Let me preface: I use Yelp all the time to search for restaurants, but I basically never post reviews until now. Dotty dumplings is that good. I've lived in Madison for three years, and this place has the best burger I've tried in the city (I got the toadstool - delicious)! It was cooked perfectly, and the cheese, mushrooms and sauce complimented the beef beautifully.The waitress was also incredibly friendly and prompt. I was there at 1:00 PM on a Monday afternoon, so there weren't many people there, but the food and check were very quick.Would absolutely go back - the burger was de-freaking-licious.
4	I got the Heart Throb burger with fries and cup of chili.  The chili wasn't my favorite, but wasn't that bad.  The burger was really good.  Cooked to medium with some pink the flavor was great.
5	Flat out best burger of my life, and I'm a vegetarian! I like the option of subbing in a veggie patty for any of their burgers. The Blue Ribbon burger makes my toes curl. BBQ sauce, cream cheese, and an onion ring. I don't have anything negative to say about the staff. I've been treated well here. I like the tall booths too, it gives an element of privacy if you're on a date. Only slight complaint is that sometimes this place is so busy, worth a 45-60 minute wait though!
5	We stopped for lunch and it was great. I had melting pot burger and it was fantastic.  F [d was a little pricy but excellently prepared so not such a problem. Very good service and excellent atmosphere
5	Simply some of the best burgers around. I have tried a number of the burgers on the menu, and they are always cooked as ordered and topped with all sorts of interesting toppings. You can always customize a burger with the various standard toppings (and the not-so-standard - garlic sauce? Yum!) or order one of the named concoctions right off the menu. The onion rings are better than average and don't usually fall apart on you (my pet peeve).The staff is friendly, and the service prompt and relatively quick. You might have to wait a bit for a table and a slight bit for your food if the place is packed. That will happen before or after a Wisconsin Hockey or Basketball game or any other event held at the Kohl Center. Some friends and I always stop here before going to the State Basketball Championships, and we are usually glad we did.
5	I'm in heaven. A REAL burger, not tofu not vegan no gf bun but a REAL burger. I Ordered the Melting Pot with REAL CHEESE and REAL BACON. Lots of craft beers I washed mine down with a PBR baby!!!!!  I didnt order fries so I cant give a review on those. So if your looking for a non vegan burger on real bread this is the place to be!!!!!
5	The best hamburger and cheese curds I have had. Had the melting pot burger and it was fantastic.
4	Great burgers. I feel like a great burger requires two things: for the actual patty to be tasty and cooked appropriately, and for the variations on the general burger to be interesting. The patties are fantastic at Dotty Dumplings-- theyre not too heaped up and the mediums are cooked pink and warm in the center. The variations are also fantastic: the Heart Throb is my favorite but there are a number of other interesting options as well. Fries are delicious, fried mac and cheese also great. Haven't tried the curds (I feel like I'm missing out).And the ambiance is easy going and friendly. Overall, I'm a fan. A definitely solid spot to grab a burger when youre in the peri-downtown area.
5	Outstanding burgers, beer and service!! We sat at the bar and we couldn't ask for a better time.  The Melting pot for our burgers and we did the 4 samplers for beer. Spotted Cow is a win win!
4	Dotty's burgers are great!. I like the build your own and this time I opted for a veggie patty. Lot's of cheese and topping options. The spicy veggie patty was pretty tasty. Made with black beans and it didn't crumble like veggie patties often do. My meat eating friends enjoyed their beef burgers. We also shared the fried mushrooms which were globs of crunchy goodness. Needless to say, my trip to Dotty's is not going into my fitness app! Good bar with a lots of beers with a good selection of local/Midwestern beers on tap. Half price pints at happy hour. Bartender was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable on the beer offerings.
5	Great price great burgers. Had the gold and green burger and some wings and it was great.
4	The good:1. My burger was delicious and there were lots of interesting options.  My burger was juicy, perfectly cooked to order and had great, fresh toppings. You can smell the charbroiled flavor the minute you walk in. My mouth was watering as soon as I stepped through the doorway. The bad:1. I had the most popular burger- the Melting pot. It had three pieces of cheese that didn't totally melt and bacon which I didn't taste because the burger flavor was overpowering. 2. I realize we were in Wisconsin,land of beer, but a more extensive wine list would have been nice. The verdict: keep it simple and go for a plain cheeseburger and beer. It won't disappoint.
5	The good: Everything. Seriously though, from the delicious cheese curds to the vanilla and fudge pie we were practically licking the plates. My husband got the melting pot burger and it was incredible-the cheese was all melted and gooey and paired with the bacon and patty perfectly. I had the mozzarella basil and it was melt in your mouth-I especially loved the red pepper aioli. You need to ask for Nicole to be your waitress-she is exceptional. The bad: nothing-you won't be disappointed
3	Maybe I just hit Dotty's on a bad day. I found the burgers and the service just OK. The garlic mayo for the fries, that is another story, that would be a hands down 5 stars. :) When I bite into a burger I am looking for juice to start running down my chin. That didn't happen. My burger was overdone. Our server did not seem thrilled to be serving us. Reading all the other reviews, it does seem it was an off day. I will definitely be back to try it again.
2	Cheese Curds- 2 out of 5 curdsTiny, bite-size cheese curds, pretty adorable in size. Nothing too special in terms of fried cheese curds, just average. Pile of good poppin fun to eat. Sweet Potato Fries- 4 out of 5 curdsDelicious! Not sure if it's because they are made from sweet potatoes or what, but these tasted far less greasy and guilty to eat than regular fries. Very skinny shoestring fries that don't make you feel fat eating them. Mac 'n Cheese Wedges- 5 out of 5 curdsMmmmmm. This was the first place I had ever encountered this native Sconnie delicacy. I wasn't really sure what to expect when I bit into the light-colored wedge, but an explosion of warm, cheesy Mac n cheese filled my orifice. Would definitely do this again. Southwest burger (w/ bleu cheese & tomato) - 2 out of 5 curdsFor claiming to be the best burgers in town I'd have to disagree. The Southwest burger is a medium rare beef patty topped with cheddar cheese, bacon, and a special BBQ sauce. I substituted for the pungent yet addictive bleu cheese. And added tomato. The burger presentation was poor, a bit sloppy and disappointing to the eyes. The buns look and taste pretty cheap and low quality. The burger was built in such a sloppy manner any chance at a civilized biting approach was shot. Bacon was good. Cheese was good. The tomato slice provided a nice fresh contrast. So we're the pickle slices that almost fooled our table into being cucumbers just by there appearance. Regardless of the presentation I inhaled the burger after the hour long wait to sit and another hour wait for food. Since the star of this review should have been the burger since Dotty's claims to have the best in town I was pretty disappointed. Would not return for a burger, but might for the Mac n cheese wedges if I can't find them somewhere else around town. Giant pickle is cool.
4	Finally went and was not disappointed.The burgers are very good - juicy and flavorful. I got the one with all the different kinds of cheese (I forgot the name) and it was delicious. The cheese curds were also fantastic - gooey, not overly battered and up there with some of my faves.The atmosphere was nice, kind of reminded me of Avenue Bar or something. Really nice waitress who knew we were in a rush and was very accommodating.There are other interesting looking menu items but sadly I feel like it's sacrilegious to come and not get a burger, so I may never try one...
5	Crazy good burgers! If yer not afraid of rich, cheesy-mayo decadence get yerself a melting pot.
5	Just ate here for lunch and came away impressed. Had the Melting Pot burger which was cooked perfectly medium pink and was delicious.We had cheese curds too which were also delicious but could have included a couple more curds for the price. I think the best thing about this place besides the delicious burger was the atmosphere. They keep the lights down and have a dim light at every table. They played great music on the speakers which included Michael Buble, Frank Sinatra, and other jazz music. Definitely felt cozy, especially on a cold day. I will be back here for sure.
4	Never had a bad experience at Dotty's.  Game day it can be tough to get seated but so is any other restaurant near the Kohl Center.  I usually go for one of their many tasty burgers.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
4	One of Mad Town's oldest establishments, this is a go to before any Badger game at the Kohl Center.  Famous for their burgers, this dimly lit environment is full of warmth and great decor.  I really love all the fun stuff and Badger memorabilia they have on the walls.  The bloody I had was delicious, check it out on instagram; #bloody_mad
5	Food: They have good beer flights if you want to sample a bunch of the local brews. I started things off with the Wisco Road Trip. Then for my meal, I ordered the Melting Pot Burger. It came with Cheddar, Swiss, and Provolone cheese, Jones Diary Farm smoked bacon, and their signature English garlic sauce. I can definitely see and taste why it's their number one selling burger! I finished things off with the Mad City Flight.Service: I received excellent service. The waitress always checked up on me. Not once did I feel neglected. I even had a booth all to myself.Overall: I've eaten my fair share of burgers and the one I had here easily ranks at the top. I would definitely want to come back here to try other items on their menu.
4	Great burgers, good service but a little pricy if you want any side other than french fries.  In other words you can not upgrade to sweet potato fries they make you order both which is kind of ridiculous.  So you end up with a burger, regular fries and sweet potato fries with a soft drink is about $20.  But zero complaints about the way the food tastes.
5	This is a great place for no frills, just honest and SCRUMPTIOUS burgers! It's a dive in the true sense of the word (this should be on diners, drive-ins and dives!)Super affordable (most burgers are under $9)Great flavor profile (from traditional, to make your own and their premade combos- all are amazing! I had the hearthob- nice and spicy! Hubby had the English toadstool). they have really great sauces to accompany your burger and things to dipSides are all amazing and worth trying (onion rings are perfectly crunchy and panko crusted and their fries are prefectly crisp and skinny)options for vegetarians and vegans (yay!)This is a must do when in Madison (especially on a game day!)I think the only thing I wasn't crazy about was the dessert- only one thing the homemade fudge bottom pie (I say skip it and go elsewhere) It's 75% whipped cream (unless you like whipped cream that much!)Definitely would come back! This is great to go with other people and share a bunch of the sidesService was great!
3	Mediocre day at what is probably a good place, a pub with a really good menu.I started with the Chili.. when you say it's "award winning" that sets up some expectations.. so I got a bowl.. topped it with cheese and some sour cream.Horrified, I almost ran from the place screaming.. they put MUSHROOMS in the chili! Who does that and why don't they warn you? I despise the funghi! It's not my fault, I've tried. They took away my almost full bowl, I moaned about the shrooms (got a shrug and a "sorry") and I paid for it anyway. Yuck.We also shared some Mac and Cheese wedge's that were good.OK.. let's move on... Madison is the State Capitol of Wisconsin...but we stopped there because it's a college town and we were on our way back from visiting family in Minnesota.  College towns have cool stuff and Madison is certainly pretty cool. It's Saturday and we aren't really thinking about it... but red shirts are everywhere... Oh yeah.. the University of Wisconsin Badgers! They have a home game so most people are at the game and not at Dotty Dumpling's Dowry (whew!) But they were losing 14-0 to the Minnesota Golden Gopher's.. the mood at Dotty Dumpling's Dowry decidedly displayed dismay. (Badgers went on to win later) I think the cook was definitely distracted, I know the server was."The burgers will be pink inside" Says it on the menu and she repeated it to each of us... They came well done. When I say well done; I don't mean that they did them well.. they was no hint of pink anywhere. That kind of sucks when you've got an $11 Grand Daddy Kobe beef burger or a $9 Buffalo Burger (Bison). So while the burgers had potential... they lacked in execution.To complete the picture.. the burgers max out at 6 oz of meat and are served ala carte, so the pricing is really stiff for less than perfect. We all ordered fries and my son Ian got the Garlic Mayo for his fries (.75 upgrade)I will say that the Heart Throb Sauce that I got on my burger was delicious!No stars taken away because of the mushrooms.. there are obviously some misguided souls that think that's OK.
5	Awesome food!
5	Awesome Food
4	Don't question this burger joint, just drop in.I spent a weekend in Madison hitting as many food spots possible and Dotty's was a fun stop. Just a cool little place with friendly service, great food, and excellent drinks. We had fried pickles and cheese curds for starters, I had the Heart Throb, a beer as well as a bloody mary with a beer back. Our waitress was really helpful in getting our bloodies the way we liked them and recommending good local brews.I have high standards for burgers so if I rate this 4 stars and would return then it must be good.
5	Hands down the best burger in Madison. The food is complex yet simple. They start with a great base which is high quality meat. Then they get creative and add amazing flavor combinations to their burgers. There is nothing better than a burger from Dotty's on a game day, or on any other day of the week. The atmosphere is wonderful and you can't help but get into the Madison experience while eating there.
5	Dotty's is one of my favorite places in Madison. Their Rolls Royce and Lamburgers are one of my favorite foods!
4	Good burgers!
4	Nice burgers! Good and sloppy the way it should be! A bit too dim for me, food's a tad expensive for sure, but I go back because it's still so good!The service is always so nice, too, so I can't give this anything less than four stars! Please go on my behalf!
3	Normally, I would have given this a 5-star rating. I'm only giving it the lower rating because of my most recent experience and am hoping that someone from management will address my concern.I live on the West side of Madison and go to Dotty's several times a year. I thoroughly enjoy their hamburgers and their fries! It is where I go when I am craving a home made type of burger but don't feel like making one myself. I can get a burger there just the way I like it! However I'm wondering if they have changed some of their vendors recently?? The last time I was there before this time was back in July and everything was great. This time, the fries tasted completely different to me and my burger wasn't that great either. Also, the fresh squeezed lemonade which I normally love, was extremely weak! Very disappointing because I was really craving one of their burgers and their fries!
4	Dotty's is terrific. Not only are the burgers arguably the best in Madison, the restaurant itself is warm, cozy and inviting. A class-act burger bar.
5	Still the same great food I remember from a decade plus ago. The curds are the best I have ever found and the burgers are right there as well. Service is always friendly and the prices are quite affordable. If you are looking to get yo drank on, you can do that here as well. Definitely recommend a stop if you find yourself in the area.
5	I can't believe this place doesn't have 5!!  Best burgers of my life Ahmahgahsogood for realz, the meat is the best, the cheese on the burger is the best, the mayo is the best and I don't usually even like mayo bc it grosses me out as a concept.  The fries are just fries get the cheese curds!!! We got there close to when it opened for lunch and it was packed out by the time we were leaving..,now I know why.  Mmmmm burgers !!!  Seriously the best, if you are visiting Madison make this a stop on your list.
2	Good jambalaya and ok chili (the cheese is a slice just plopped on top) and cornbread... Great beer... But that's all I could eat. I have a severe fish allergy and it was that or a few of their salads (nothing with any meat though). Very disappointing that they hadn't thought about cross contamination with allergies. I'll go back for the soup and definitely the beer but it'll only be with friends... Not by myself. And only if other people suggest it. Very disappointing.
3	A la carte 6 oz. burgers for $8-12 in WISCONSIN should pack a punch. At Dotty's, it didn't. The "pink on inside unless otherwise requested" is a joke. I ordered med well black and blue burger and it came well done. Also, aside from the blue cheese, the burger itself was flavorless. The shakes and malts are $6, which I believe is expensive. The shake was mediocre, not memorable. I wanted I love this place but couldn't. I'm surprised this place is known for their burgers.
4	First time there and really enjoyed it.  Perfect burger, good cheese curds, lots of beer options.  The location gave me pause because of the undergraduate threat, but it was unfounded.  Good atmosphere.
4	The best burger in Madison. Fairly priced and fantastic food. Good selection of beers as well. Decor and service is awesome.
4	The best burger in Madison. Fairly priced and fantastic food. Good selection of beers as well. Decor and service is awesome.
4	The best burger in Madison. Fairly priced and fantastic food. Good selection of beers as well. Decor and service is awesome.
4	First time there and really enjoyed it.  Perfect burger, good cheese curds, lots of beer options.  The location gave me pause because of the undergraduate threat, but it was unfounded.  Good atmosphere.
4	The best burger in Madison. Fairly priced and fantastic food. Good selection of beers as well. Decor and service is awesome.
4	The best burger in Madison. Fairly priced and fantastic food. Good selection of beers as well. Decor and service is awesome.
5	yum yum yum yum yum. that's all you need to know. service is great too!
