5	Words cannot describe this food.  It is a true delight to dine here.  Authentic upscale Mexican food.  You will not find chips and salsa here.  You will find amazing shrimp dishes, an array of freshly prepared salsas and watermelon juice.  Cozy, colorful, and wonderfully unique.  Lunch is a total bargain.  Dining is a little pricey but totally worth it.
4	There are only a coupl'a things that prevent me from giving this place one more star. 1.  I thought their guacamole was way overpriced at 8.00 and not at all like the guacamole I've had prepared fresh at my table for the same price.  2.  I ordered the agua fresca in watermelon (which was delicious, by the way), but my friend ordered the pineapple one and hers tasted like colored water.  Seriously.  It was like night and day in comparing the two drinks.  When I took a sip, I was surprised they would even bring it out.  When we pointed out the weak flavor, the server only was able to suggest the watermelon like I had.  Hmm....So I was here on the 13th and thought their food was actually pretty good.  It was far better than what I could get in the DC area after living in CA all my life and having the luxury of choosing a different awesome Mexican restaurant for every day of the week.We didn't get any other appetizer, but the salsas that came with the guacamole were outstanding.I ordered a sampler plate that consisted of a pork simmered in orange juice and the ropa vieja.  Both dishes were really tasty and I enjoyed them veyr much.My friend ordered the appetizer sampler plate.  I don't recall exactly what was on it, but I do remember taking a bite of the chicken mole, which was done very nicely.We were there pretty early, so we were the first customers to arrive.  While were were there, a couple was seated nearby.  I didn't see anyone else after that.The atmosphere is lively and cozy at the same time.  Lots of care went into decorating it, as there are many personal touches.  There is a parking lot behind the restaurant, which beats having to find a spot on the street.I will be back in Phoenix in December...I hope they have their liquor license by then!  A margarita or a beer would make the meal complete and then I would give it that extra star!
4	This was pretty good fare.  I had a stewed lamb dish.  Unlike any Mexican I have ever had.  Come to think of it, I've never had lamb at a Mexican restaurant, or in Mexico.  Everyone I was with enjoyed what they got.  Most had Mole, one had a steak.The tappas we had at first were a good sampling, even if they were foisted upon us.  I went with a big group.  The waitress was pushy, that was the only negative.  She basically told us this is what we were getting for appetizers, a sample tray, and we were getting 3 for the table.  We really had no input.They did not have a liquor license, but I can't dock any stars for that if they let you BYOB and no one advertised it for its drinks.  Although I must tell you that bar tender looked pretty lonely at his empty bar polishing his glasses all night.  I was told the liquor license thing is an on again off again thing for them.  They insisted on pouring the wine we brought in, even though no one there could tell a Chardonnay from a Pinot Noir.
4	Asi es la vida. Verdad. Verdad.I went here for lunch. There was a man playing acoustic guitar in the main dining area. My experience here was beautiful, authentic, and delicious. Our server was a bit confusing, but nice enough. The food was legit Mexican (take that with a grain of salt as I am a definite gringa) and incredibly fresh and well prepared. I was completely impressed. It was a bit pricey for lunch, but definitely not outrageous. I would highly recommend this to folks looking for an authentic, somewhat gourmet, upper-end, and delicious mexican spot in Phoenix.
4	So I have lived in Phoenix for over 8 years, and several weeks ago, I finally went to Mexico for the first time, and actually tasted real Mexican food...so I now have a real taste for more AUTHENTIC Mexican food, so for 8 years I have driven by this building and this restaurant and wondered what was this two story building all about, since it is right on a corner of two streets you could never really see if it was busy or not, or see people going in or out of it, so finally me and a girlfriend went in to explore it. All I can say this is the most authentic Mexican food I have found in Phoenix and was very glad to have found it. The service was top notch, the waiter was very informative, and the ambiance was spectacular, the restaurant is set up with some very original decor.  I am the type of person that really likes peace and quiet and seclusion when I go out to eat, I enjoy dark lit venues, where I can enjoy private conversations with myself and my friends and at this place we were the only patrons the whole time we were there, and it was very peaceful. The waiter informed me that they have a guitar player that plays classical Mexican music, so I will be sure to go back there very soon to enjoy this. The food was terrific I had the soup which was delicious and a chicken Torta which was amazing, it was less then $40.00 for both of to enjoy our lunch and for this atmosphere with this food it was worth every penny. This place is now one of my all time favorite hideaways!!! Love it!!!
5	WOW!!! I was totally shocked on how good everything was here, from beginning to end. I accidentally missed the street I was supposed to turn on and ended up driving by here the other morning taking my sister to work. I saw it and told her I have been wanting to try it thanks to Jason C. This place was amazingly empty there was 2 other men in here just finishing their meal. The awesome waitress was polite as could be, no fake Hi! How are you BS here. She brought us our menu's told us the specials and put napkins in our laps for us. We had some agua I have not had cantelope fresca since I was a little girl. It was even better when I got to taste it like a bit of heaven in my mouth. I seriously love that shit! Do you remember the food critic on Ratatouille when he takes a bite of the stuff and is off remembering his mother, that is exactly how I felt. It was that fucking good and the goodness did not stop here my friends.We had the guaca-liscous dip, it was frign good with the sea salt and the 3 salsa's were so refreshingly spicy. We were getting full just from the chips but couldnt stop eating  the stuff, it was too good. Next came the tortilla soup it was very good the chips were crunchy they were real chips not something from a bag. The cheese was tasty it could have used some spice and maybe some lime and crema, but I did not care one bit it was still very good just like that I ate it all. The food came out shortly, we did not have any waiting time that we had noticed while being serenaded by the senor playing the guitar in the corner the whole time. The main dishes were way good as well. Beware the green enchiladas they are def not for sissy's. Bite after bite our palates were overly pleased. Can you say YUM-GASM?!?! I can, too bad all good things must come to an end and we could not stay here forever. Porque Asi Es La Vida!!
5	I was enchanted just upon entering this place (see pics)It only got better once I was inside even though it was a pretty small place , approx. 10 tables. It was dark for ambiance but brightly decorated, white linen tables, fresh flowers on each table, parrots mirrors etc.etc.We started with the Guacamole and tostadas with a salsa trio (see pics) Pico De Gallo, Chipotle and the most Divine Fresh Tomatillo Salsa I have ever tasted, I was literally eating it with a spoon once the chips ran out!Everything was so fresh and tasty! We also ordered a Watermelon Agua Fresca which was so refreshingly delicious, even though I'm not sure it was a good mix with Mexican food (we took it to go)I ordered the Enfrijoladas: Homemade corn tortillas filled with chicken and topped with a black bean sauce (see pics)WOW! This was so Perfect I can even begin to tell you how Much I LOVED it!My guest ordered the Farolitos Al carbon with Chicken (see pics)The taco came with rice speckled with fresh veggies like corn and chiles along with a bowl of soupy pintos.Another Amazing dish even though the tacos were pretty spicy overall it was all very fresh and flavorful.Unfortunately we did not have room for dessert , but that's just one more reason to come back.Did I mention the waitstaff team.......Impeccable service! My glass never emptied, in fact It never even got half full.I can't forget the man on guitar ,I mean  who doesn't love being serenaded during Lunch!A Definite Must Try Folks! You Don't Know What Your Missin'!
4	After reading Laura R's review I decided that I have to stop by this restaurant that I pass to work everyday, also thanks to Jason as well.   It was great to see some rare items on the menu. The service was great and the food was prepared to perfection.   I do see similar patterns, my friend and I were the only ones in the restaurant. at 6:30 on a Monday how sad.  A place like this needs to get more exposure, hopefully it can keep a live during slow times. The atmosphere is is cozy and the service staff was helpful and bilingual.   I must return for the dessert because I passed it up the first time.
4	Thank you previous yelpers! This was a great lunch. We started with the guacamole and salsa trio - what a combination of flavors. Tried the Aqua Fresca, the sweetness of the Cantaloupe Aqua fresca balanced wonderfully with the spice of the Enchiladas Verdes ~muy bueno. My lunch guest had the Enfrijoladas - chicken filled corn tortillas with a black bean sauce.Can't wait to go back for dinner soon
4	Legendary service.  Our waiter killed us with kindness.  And knowledge.  And quick refills.  I don't remember the last time I've had service this good.The grub was above average.  A little pricey, but not unreasonable.  I think my mole hovered around 17 dollars and I'd absolutely order it again.  Very balanced.The decor is rad.  At first, I felt like I was walking into a little mission.  Once inside, I found a very comfortable, colorful dining room.Like Danny said, not much to talk about.  It's not my favorite Mexican restaurant, but it's in the top 10 somewhere.
2	I was totally underwhelmed - and totally shocked given all the exceptional reviews from other trusted Yelp Elites.The rice was WEIRD. There were frozen peas, carrots, and green beans in it, and I swear the rice was Uncle Ben's. They don't really have chips. They broke up some tostadas and put them on a plate. How weird. 2 stars for the authenticity and quality of the food, lack of chips, prices not in line with the level of quality of the food, and totally overdone vibe.Overall: Not great, over priced, overdone, and... weird.
5	Had a wonderful dinner date here Friday night. Couldn't believe there weren't more people than there were. Only a few tables were occupied. It's such a charming little place. The colorful walls and plentiful folk art create a really cool atmosphere. But it's the guitar player that clinches the deal. Service was phenomenal - our waiter was super friendly and attentive. Food was spectacular, from the guacamole appetizer to the Chilean Sea Bass filet that we shared. Definitely not what I was expecting. It's Mexican, but quite different any Mexican I've ever had.We'll definitely be back. Soon.Oh, also want to add a quick thank you to Laura R - it was her fantastic review of this place that caught my attention in the first place. It's been at the top of my Bookmark list for the last month.
4	Had such a good experience last week I jumped at the chance for a return visit last night for Julia's UYE. But now I'm thinking I may have jumped the gun giving them 5 stars right off the bat. Yes, the food was still delicious, the service was still friendly and attentive, the atmosphere still rocked (especially with the guitar guy - Love that guy!)... But it's the high prices I have a problem with. See, the food's good, but not that good, not good enough to warrant the high prices. Especially the special combo appetizer plate, a tiny little thing that ran $24.95, which we didn't discover until the bill came. And we apparently unintentionally ordered 4 of them. oops.Thanks Julia, for a super fun UYE!!
3	I would go to Asi if it were just me and another, because the decor is nice for intimate setting, in particular the fun guitar guy who is not too loud to drown out conversation and doesn't wander about the place, just plays lilting melodies, upping the ambiance considerably. This is responsible for one of their stars. I might go to Asi with someone who speaks Spanish to be better assured of understanding that the order is right. Even with slow clear English it was hard to get a straight answer from our hostess regarding what something actually included. We thought we had communicated properly, but the charges at the end were a mind opener. We ordered one appetizer platter and four appeared.  I thought the normal (24.95) platter had been split among four plates as each plate had about 2T of  stews on it.  We asked and she said yes, this is how they do it with large parties, for sharing. In reality each plate was a separate full price platter. ..... $99 for 4 of these? OUCH. While the foods at Asi are pleasant, the prices are a little steep for the size or quantity received. If you are a large party,( we had 17) expecting to split checks, don't. Bring cash, they will only allow two credit cards to be used to pay and you'll have to split out your own check. Back to the food: I ordered the leg of lamb, but my lamb was cubed and buried under a thickened tomato based sauce, not explained on the menu. It was decent flavoring, but not what I was expecting. My partner got the "especial". The Shrimp was flayed open, large and fresh, the steak medium rare and free of too much fat, but again covered in a tomato sauce. As we both can't handle too much acid, that lowered our joy. The vegetable was corn and onions in sour cream.  I thought my $20 entree included a salad, but this is only a tomato and a slice of lettuce on the side of my plate. I consider those Mexican garnishes, not salads. The sauces that came to the table were really yummy and were good on the homemade tortilla chips and guac.This was all at the UYE event that Julie so graciously organized and while we enjoyed the guitar player and munchies and our company, we left with a sour taste at the bill (434.00, not including tip) and the way things were poorly explained by the hostess (the chips/guac was not complimentary either it was $8 a plate and they brought four of those too without being asked for multiples). Another star would have been given if there weren't such unfortunate (and not corrected by the restaurant, nothing comped or made clear until too late) billing issues.So if you go, be very clear with your order, prepare with cash just in case, order some flavored waters, enjoy the guitar guy and watch out for misunderstandings.
2	Great UYE here last week.  Friendly staff, but missed some very important details when describing the appetizers to our large group.  We were brought 4 platters at $24.95 each.----NO BOOZE!!!    ----NO BYOB!!! So the "value" part of this restaurant totally sucks.   My combination of the pork something and the mole, which were good but not great, were incredibly small portions for $17.95.  I seriously did not have enough meat in the mole sauce for a single taco. Weak. Beans were average. Rice was tasty, but like another reviewer said I think they used frozen vegetables.I think the Guacamole was $10.95!It's kinda a nice place, but the prices are easily 2 to 3 time higher than what they should be.   I'll go to Barrio Cafe and not this place from now on.
1	I had a great time at Julia's UYE here!  I was not sure what to expect, and I had a really good time.  I was not impressed by the restaurant however.  The place in funky and fun, and I really liked the eclectic decor.  The people are very friendly, and the food was tasty.  I had a great soup that I enjoyed very much. HOWEVER, I feel that the staff took advantage of our entire group.  Two people ordered small appetizers in which the staff took the opportunity to turn into multiple, small, $25 appetizer plates. We were not expecting this, and it inflated our bill dramatically.  I would say there was a little bit of a language barrier between us, but the staff certainly was able to flatly say they had explained it to us.  I feel we were  treated rudely, and our bill was deliberately inflated as no one else was in the restaurant.  The food was good, but certainly not worth the price, and although I will forgive many breaks of service, when it is done deliberately, I will not go back.  All in all I had a wonderful time with the group (thank you all!!!!), but I will not return here on my own.
4	I had the enchiladas verdes, and thought they were very good *however!  they tasted just like the enchiladas verdes at Pink Taco.... which I think is a bit strange*My friend had the chilaquilles and also found them to be very goodI was a bit put off my the lack of chips and salsa to start.When I go to a mexican restaurant, I NEED CHIPS AND SALSA!:)Then when I requested chips and salsa, they looked at me like I was crazy, and then brought out a plate with 10 tortilla chips on it.  Great....I'd go back, but don't think I'd go out of my way to do so.
2	We went here for the fabulous UYE. As the restaurant is often empty, Julia though it would be good to give them some business...but in the end it was our group that ended up being given the business. The words highway robbery come to mind, but I guess we weren't really on the highway. The prices listed on the menu really didn't seem that out of line, a bit on the pricey side but nothing alarming. Our waitress slyly sold us a kazillion dollars worth of appetizers that were not on the menu. We got 4 plates which consisted of 4 individual sauces with some stuff in them...one had shrimp, one had chicken, one had pork, and one had chihuahua. Oh wait, I think that was the cheese on top. Anyway, the plate with 4 tablespoons of sauce was not worth the $25...oh wait, we got 4 of them. The waitress also managed to slip two orders of guacamole in on us for $11 a piece. As far as the entrees are concerned, the portions were small and the food was kind of meh. The mole was way too sweet for my taste. The biggest bummer of all was NO BOOZE! The $120 worth of appetizers would have gone over much better if they were washed down with some frosty margaritas. A couple of pitchers and they could have slipped us some $100 flan.Regardless of the price and the mediocre food, it was well worth going for the amazing company of the awesome Phoenix Yelpers. I don't think I would go back for the food though.
3	Tried this place last night based on the reviews...The atmosphere is charming and feels like you are on vacation somewhere in mexico...nice getaway for 2 hoursFor drinks I tried the fresh watermelon, cantelope, and pinapple all were good, especially the watermelon.For appetizer I was hopeing for fresh chips and salsa...but they didn't have it so they gave us tostada chips with guacomole, red sauce, green sauce, and pico.  This was fantastic.I ordered queso with mushrooms and peppers...this was just sauteed with melted chedder cheeze...not what I had in mind based on the guac.She ordered cheese enchiladas with green sauce...she said it was good.I ordered the lamb, it was okay but the meat had a funny smell to it that kinda threw me off.  The rice was weird with frozen veggies in it.Overall the service is attentive and friendly.The downside is the price and the non typical mexican menu items.
5	I still think this place is awesome for LUNCH. I have been back multiple times including the lovely Julia's UYE I was not too happy that night and will probably never do dinner here again. But lunch people.....lunch I just have nothing to frign complain about everyone I take here loves it the guac the tomatillo sauce etc everything has been a hit except the veg synchronizada it was boring with just mushrooms but the harsh reality is that you would probably never order a synchronizada because you dont even know what it is. I'm sure the others with meat are much better. FYI they are like a quesadilla but much better with those home made tortillas!
5	Loved it! Make sure you come hungry. The food is wonderful with tons of flavor. The interior is very unique and fun and the staff is very attentive. You can't really ask for much more.
3	This place gets 3 stars because there were some 5-star aspects and some 1-star aspects. 1-star: *Too pricey*No chips/bread/pre-meal nosh*Our appetizers were plain and boring. We got the Enfrijadas (one little corn tortilla stuffed with plain shredded chicken and smothered in black bean sauce) and the quesadilla-like thing that I can't remember the name of that was basically a store-bought flour tortilla stuffed with the aforementioned shredded chicken. No apparent seasoning. Weird.*The rice that comes with the entrees is strangely reminiscent of the rice with uniformly chopped and bland frozen vegetables you would expect to find in a Hungry Man TV Dinner. *Limited menu5-star*Very nice service*very yummy fresh watermelon drink that was refilled automatically*EXCELLENT entrees. I had a combination of the chicken mole and braised pork in orange sauce, both of which were fabulous (except for the TV Dinner rice...). There was plenty on my plate, no skimping on the food. My husband had the strip steak, which, much to his veggie-hating dismay, comes smothered in a lovely roasted tomato salsa to which I gladly helped myself. He also had the weird frozen-veggie-rice on his plate. He did say, though, that the steak was very good, once he unearthed it from the tomatoes.*Really tasty smoky chipotle salsa. Which would have tasted quite good on the nonexistent chips.In all, a very pleasant dining experience, but I don't know if the 5-star details quite outshone the 1-star stuff enough for me to return.*
5	Very good!!!  I have been coming to Asi Es La Vida for the past 1 1/2 years and every time I walk in I am greeted with a happy face and a warm smile.  They make you feel like you are at home.  The food is very delicious I have tried most everything on the menu and have yet to find anything that I dislike.  There is live music everyday except for Wednesday, I believe; the music is played my one man and his guitar.  He always plays beautiful music and you can even request songs and if he knows them he will play them.There are two seating areas in the restaurant one where the live music is played and the other is to the left as you walk in the door.  They are always specials of the day from the appetizers to the main entree.  I am a big fan of the Carne Tampiquena and my girlfriend loves a dish they will make if you request it, at the moment I am not sure of its name but it has fish and it is covered in a cream sauce, it too is very delicious.While the live music is being played you will start to feel very relaxed and not rushed like some restaurants can make you feel.  They don't try to rush you, they want you to feel welcome and enjoy your time with them.  I like that you aren't served a bowl of chips and salsa like typical cheap mexican restaurant serve.If you are thinking about going to this place I strongly recommend that you try it and you will fall in love with the atmosphere, food and the friendly people that work there.  Oh it is a little on the expensive side but worth every penny.  ENJOY!!!  I have been told that you can bring your own bottle of wine and seen some people bring their own because they don't have a liquor license yet.
5	Took two girlfriends here who had never been here...everything was perfect. I got the Filet Mignon which is smothered in green and red peppers and onions and placed on a corn tortilla which is covered in cheese with fresh slices of avocado with a side of black beans and rice pilaf! While my friends had the new york strip steak and the some other 3 cheese entree. The food was all amazing the service was excellent. I finally got to see the Mariachi player play guitar and enjoyed the ambiance of this place very much...I almost didn't want to Yelp about this place...and wanted to keep it a secret...but I would rather that people go all carrot mob on this place so it stays in business. One of the best places I have been to eat in phoenix. Truly deserving of it's five stars rating.
5	The best gourmet Mexican in Phoenix....and yes that includes Barrio Cafe.  It's a shame that we lost this place and I hope that the new ownership carries on the menu and maintains the quaint ambiance of the original.  This was truly one of the great unheralded culinary landmarks in Central Phoenix.
3	What is up with this place? They've had a new sign for weeks (La Taza De Oro) but the actual building still boasts the Asi Es La Vida signage. Has it changed management? Is the food the same? Have the prices come down? I guess I'll just have to answer those questions for myself.
5	I love this place so much.  What the hell is going on.  Sign did change for a hot minute this year.  But now the sign is back to Asi Es La Vida and the doors are chained and the phone number doesn't work.WTF???  my favorite restaurant.  Please someone tell me they're remodeling and not closed.  WHAT'S THE SCOOP!?!?!?!?
4	OK, we went to the "new" Asi Es La Vida last night after watching all of the sign changes and "now open" signs come and go over the last several months. Here's the scoop: the original owners sold it in June and it became La Taz de Oro or something like that for about 3 months, then those owners left and the original owners took it back. They were in Mexico in the fall and were delayed getting back to reopen Asi Es La Vida, plus they had to go through inspection processes all over again, so they didn't open until November, and here we are. And it is exactly the same as the last time I went! All that change, and nothing changed. Kind of funny.I have one complaint. Before we went, I looked up their menu online and saw that it had changed dramatically from the last time we were there. I remembered fancy Mexican food with a high price tag, and the menu online boasts your more low-brow enchiladas and tacos fare for much lower prices. I thought, cool, a new neighborhood Tex-Mex joint that won't break the bank. But the menu is EXACTLY the same as before all of the changing of hands, the only change being that they brought all of the prices down about $2. So I don't get the online menu and they should definitely update that. Anyway, the food is very good, as usual. High end Mexican. Still no chips or bread to start. And the weird TV-Dinner rice is still on the plate...they must have just called their old distributors when they reopened. We shared the queso fundido with chorizo, which comes with corn tortillas and a variety of salsas. Excellente and spicy. Then I had a bowl of Crema de Cilantro, which was rich and creamy and almost smoky...would love to recreate at home. Entrees: I had a combo of mole and ropa vieja. The ropa was a tad on the salty side, which I like but others might not. The mole was superb. Hubby had a steak filet with chipotle sauce...he said it was excellent.The service, as usual, was impeccable...they strive to make their customers feel like they are dining at the Ritz. Oh, and now it is BYOB, so that's new.
3	Well, I can see how some people wouldn't like this place.  Everything is fancy, tables, decor, food presentation, BUT the food quality is not fancy.  However, that doesn't mean it isn't good.  It really just seems like a half ass'd effort honestly.The food was just as good as any other nice Mexican place with less on the menu and comparable pricing.  i had the Enfrijoladas from the lunch menu, pictured bellow, i thought it was delicious.  Other reviewers are complimenting on the proportions and it is true.  For the same price elsewhere you can get the same thing WITH rice and beans.  All said and done, i had a plate of chips with some really good guac, the meal, and a water for $13.  I would eat there again, but only if i was going with someone to a fancy dinner.  This will not be my first choice for Mexican food when i'm craving it.
5	I visited Phoenix and tried about 5 different Mexican restaurants, and this by far was the best one- fresh, hearty, and reasonably priced.They had absolutely delicious, freshly squeezed juices- Cantaloupe, Pineapple, and Watermelon- they topped it off all the time, absolutely great.  We also got their guacamole which was good with cheese on top.  Their chips were stone-ground thick and grainy, crunchy chips (not the thin, oily chips I've gotten elsewhere) and their red chipotle and green pico de gallo sauces were thick, creamy, and super fresh (not like I've had at other places).  They all tasted lke they were just made in mortle, pestle, and blender in their kitchen.I got their Filet Mignon with melted cheese on the bottom of the plate and sauteed veggies on top.   Very good, meat was very soft and cooked perfectly, worked well with a good combo of cheeses and the veggies.  Came with flavorful, soft rice and beans- all worked very well together.My co-eaters got the duo stews (with chicken and pork) and something else which they both loved.  It's decorated well with lots of festive colors.Go visit this place and support it!
5	They re-opened!  I'm a very happy foodie right now.  Went for lunch today and it was as good as I've come to expect.  I got the special, which was sea bass.  Unbelievable.  I usually get the specials and have never been disappointed.  Don't forget the guac & chips to start off.  They aren't complimentary, but well worth the price.  All of their natural juice beverages are the best I've ever had.  My favorite is the watermelon.  Yes, I order watermelon juice at lunch!  Crazy no?The mariachi that's normally playing lunch wasn't there today, but I'm okay with that.  Just happy they're open again.    The service is amazing.  Very personal, prompt, and inviting.  Consider this rating a 7-star!
4	A definite 'Gotta try at least once' I was pleased with the eccentric artistic decor. ^Very cozy,^ good waitstaff, ^very refreshing "Sandia drink" ^live guitar player some evenings ^Good Sangria wine, ^Great desserts, -small menu and a bit more than I would expect to pay however, I keep coming back. I recommend any one of the steak dishes and go for an evening dinner when lights are dim and candles are lit.
5	Native Arizonans bring a friend returning from a year in So. Am. for lunch and are wowed into cleaning their plates.
4	Went for dinner this time, date, perfect. My honie is so sweet, he doesn't make a fuss about the price, but honestly, that's why this place is empty. You can tell they tried to lower the prices; but people in AZ just don't pay $15 a plate anymore.  The upside is that the prices ensure you'll get a table and plenty of attention by the staff.Another bummer and why there are only 4 stars: The last time we went there were margarita's...now it's bring your own bottle of wine. (~hope there's not some weird political mischief taking away their liquor license; everything in AZ business is soooo wild west). I wish we would have known, we would have brought a bottle.I wanted to try the lamb, but went with a pork dish instead -Had pickled onions sliced thin on top...an amazing Mexican stew; and the usual rice and beans [that some lady below didn't like]. It's white rice tossed with a little cilantro and finely chopped veggies; simple, healthy. John had a beef steak dish; a house specialty. He had them cook it med, rare so I would try some, but he probably should have ordered it rare for his own enjoyment. It was very tender none-the-less.We had cantaloupe juice last time, which inspired us to try to make cantaloupe margaritas at home (we're no good at these things I guess)...so this time I had pineapple and he had watermelon. The juices are perfect to clean your palate from the rich flavors of the food.We love their sour green sauce, but then I'm a fanatic for tomatillos [green sour tomatoes].The Guacamole was exactly the same as it was at lunch. They serve it on a plate, with homemade tortilla chips, spiking up from the guacamole like a rocky shoreline on a green sea. The chips are heartier than the thin and oily homemade tortilla chips you get elsewhere here; they have strong texture, no oil and lightly salted. I prefer the quality of the food here to the greasy food elsewhere. There's no lard, no grease and everything is cooked to perfection. Not overcooked. However, we won't go here often, b/c my boyfriend never lets me pay for these things and we're not particularly affluent.
4	it's a dose of mexican comfort food and hospitality.i'm definitely not a mexican food connoisseur, but i definitely know fresh, tasty, and homemade food -- and this is where it's at!conveniently located around the biltmore area, the restaurant is a pop of color on 24th street. you can't miss it!for dinner, we didn't need reservations on a wednesday, and were greeted with warm, professional, and attentive service. the menu offers many traditional mexican plates of food (like the delish mole poblano i had), so don't be expecting any nachos, quesadillas, enchillada buffet (though i secretly wished they had some).  everything from the BYOB (with no corkage or additional charges), to the personal service, and the free-flow pour of aqua frescas (watermelon for me, yum!), was just so home-style and comfortable. the food was no different - the guacamole, the tortillas, the mole sauce, and even dirty rice -- all tasted like it came from mama's kitchen.  there was enough depth of flavor for all dishes to be interesting, and enough simplicity to make it casual and easy to eat! (use your hands!) portions were just right, and coming from san francisco, all that food for under $50 was a steal!definitely a go-to for the next biz trip to phx... gracias senorita!
4	WOW!We drove by this place a few times before deciding to go in tonight for a celebratory dinner.  We loved the entrance (very quaint) and were pleasantly surprised by the "unique" interior decor.Our waitress was AWESOME!  Very friendly and patient with us... we don't eat Mexican food much and I had no idea what most of the menu said.Also, I am mostly veggie.  That being said, the menu is mostly not veggie!  When I mentioned this, not only did she have the chef make an entire plate special for me... they also made the tortilla soup veggie for me!The cantaloupe juice was TO DIE FOR and the fresh guac and chips were delish.Hubby loved his mole and... whatever else that was meat that he ate.We will definitely be back!
3	This was truly a unique experience for me. I was just happening by on my way to the airport from N Phoenix and saw this listed on "Yelp Reviews" for restaurants around me and though I'd check it out.I was well received and the climate of the staff was very pleasant. My food came within a reasonable amount of time although I was the only one of two seated in the restaurant.I ordered a watermelon juice (real watermelon juice) on ice which was sweet and refreshing to begin with and the waiter recommended the lunch item that was a top sirloin skirt marinated, ride beans and some kind of layered tortilla bake with cheese and tomato salsa. They also brought out 3 ramadans of  Pico De Giulio, a smokey chipotle and tomatillo sauce. The steak was tender and all the sides were unbelievably delicious.Lastly I ordered a vanilla Ice Cream Crepe covered in caramel sauce and it was one of the best deserts I have ever eaten.With everything including the tip my meal came to $25.00 for lunch.for the quality of the food it was worth the price if it were a dinner, but 25.00 lunches are for me a little over the top.So although the food was terrific, the pricing was not.
5	This place is AMAZING.  I have been to this restaurant many times and have brought other people that love it too.  The dishes are freshly made down to guac and fruit juices (yum!).The mole is to die for.  It is so rich and deep in flavors and I get excited just writing about it.  I've ordered it many times.  I've also had their cochinita pibil which melts in your mouth it is so tender, juicy, and a tornado of flavors in your mouth.  I've also had the adobada and what more can I say ... it's just so good.I especially love their fruit juices because you can see it being made from an actual fruit, cantaloupe, pineapple, watermelon, etc.  So fresh and refreshing!  Price might be a tad high for the little things that I've noticed but when my palate was having a climax for almost 2 hours everytime ... I think it's worth it.  :-)
4	Tried Asi Es La Vida for lunch today for the first time, and was not disappointed.  I can't wait to go back for a "nice" dinner... the vibe in this place is great, very colorful and cozy.  I don't really get a cheap feel at all, although I suppose the place could be considered slightly confused.  I got the enchilada lunch special, which was surprisingly good.  It didn't come with the same nasty red sauce you get on enchiladas elsewhere, and it definitely had a unique flavor.The best, however, was their cilantro soup.  Amazing!  I am definitely going to attempt recreating this at home, but I suspect I will be back to buy some more next week.If this place is in fact BYOB, sign me up!
3	Cute restaurant.  The guacamole is good and freshly made but not the most flavorful, it was missing some more lime or some chili or something.  I felt the same way about all their food, good, but missing just a little extra oomph.  Items are not smothered in cheese which made me super happy.  Not your typical Mexican food, the food was lighter and I was happy to note that it wasn't overly salted.  I will still be back to try it again, but it'll have to be a day were I want some subdued flavors.  Think of it is the yin to Los Dos Molina's yang.
5	I call this place the little gem in my neighborhood.  My guy and I walk to Asi Es La Vida from our place and are always warmly welcomed and provided excellent service.We haven't been when its been very busy -which makes me sad, as I'd like to see the place with a line out the door - but this kind of adds to the charm because you're almost guaranteed to have a nice relaxing lunch or dinner.  I really enjoy the atmosphere too!  The bright colors and busy walls are distinct and its very small and cozy.  The food - I've had maybe 5 or 6 different things off of the menu and have never been disappointed.  I'm not a big mole fan but I still really enjoy it there.  Everything is bursting with different flavors.Don't get me started on the watermelon water - I probably average 4 glasses each time.  I just can't stop myself!  It is so refreshing!
4	This is a really cute and comfortable place with above average Mexican food, although I don't claim to be an expert on Mexican food. My daughter and I had lunch there recently, and I just loved the place.
5	So the update is, dinner is even more amazing than lunch.  And then we went back again for lunch, and it was even more amazing than dinner.  The service is purely unbeatable, and the food is right up there with the service.  At this point, I would just get the chef special or whatever the waitress recommends, because I've never been let down.  And definitely get the pineapple juice.  All you can drink for $2.50, fresh and delicious.  And the guacamole?  I'll let you try that for yourself, let's just say it might be better than my own.
1	Went here for lunch with a co-worker.  They brought us out a typical small guacamole and cold chips before we ordered.  We ordered our food- chicken quesadilla and carne asada tacos.  The beans were cold, but the food was good otherwise.  We had a nice time, and when the bill came were in a rush to get back to work.  We noticed the bill was significantly higher than expected.  When we asked our waitress why, we discovered THE SUPPOSED COMPLIMENTARY (WE HAD NOT ASKED FOR THEM) SMALL CHIPS AND GUACAMOLE WERE $10.95!!We did not have time to address the management, which I would normally do in this case.  The waitress did not apologize, and confirmed there was not a sign or note that informed us the chips and guacamole were mandatory and not complimentary.
2	I had lunch here earlier today and while the food is decent, something really turned me off.  I usually order water to go with my food and when I did, the server brought back 2 water bottles (for me & my wife).  I asked for just regular water but the server replied that his manager can only provide water bottle unless we also order drinks.   This nickel & dime-ing by the restaurant manager really put us in a bad mood.  The service was good (not the server fault) and the food came out fast enough.   We order the Chips & Guac, Chicken Salad & Enfrijoladas (I think).  The food was decent. The total bill for 2 lunch with tips came out to about $31 and that includes the $2 charges for 2 bottle water.Congrats to the manager for forced selling bottle waters to the customers.We won't be back to this place in the future.  I should've drove a bit further to Barrio Cafe.
4	We found this place completely by accident, but it called to me from the road. When you arrive they provide you 3 sauces a hot chipotle, a medium green chile and a mild pico de gallo. I mixed the chipotle & the pico... to die for. My friend, who normally perfers a milder pallet enjoyed it too. She raved about the guacamole, said it was even better than hers. And she's the expert. Be sure to start with one of their traditionally Hispanic juices. We had both a glass of the Watermelon & the Cantalope. We were wondering if they would mix juices; our waiter overheard & yes they can. My friend started with Cream of Cilantro soup, which turned out to be delicious and the serving size was substantial. Then she had a salad with chicken. On her first bite she paused and savored. We both did a lot of that.I order a beef dish that was new to me. It was thinly sliced, yet still succulent and such a flavor! The plate also contained refried bean, rice and some killer chilequiles. A couple of notes- I asked the waiter what region the food was from because the beef reminded me of the food of Jalisco & while the chilequiles seemed pure Sonoran. He said it was from a region south of La Ciuidad de Mexico. - the restaurant currently has to no liquor license, but you can bring in beer and wine. The new owners are in the process of applying for one. - the name "Asi Es La Vida" if translated word for word would be "This is the Life" however in colloquial Spanish it mean "Such is life" or "That's how the world is" LOLUnfortunately I live in Gilbert, but I'll be back.
3	I sometimes feel like 3 stars is a little deceiving. This place was good, I don't really have any complaints at all, but was it memorable, great, and would I really have an urge to go back, not necessarily. It was definitely more fancy than I was expecting given the other reviews. They try to make it have an upscale, date-night kind of feel, and that's cool, especially if you take advantage of the BYOBooze, w/out a fee. Something I was not aware of, but wish I was! The fresh guac that is offered is not complimentary, but it is good and well worth it. The menu is not chalk full of the usual enchiladas, chimi's, etc, but some fancier (maybe more traditional) Mexican entrees. I had a sirloin that was stuffed with three different cheeses, spinach, bacon, and covered in a tomato based sauce of some sort. I was a little disappointed in the lack of rich complex flavors given the players of ingredients, but again, it wasn't bad by any means. My gf had some vegetable type enchiladas that she said were very good, but we both had the same conclusion. It was good, nothing to complain about, but nothing great either.
3	Randomly choose this place on Cinco de Mayo. Food was great, Mexico City cuisine FYI. Only down side we did not know it was BYOB.
4	great little latin/mexican hideaway.  It is byob so bring your favorite your vino.  The decor is unique and the service is prompt and courteous.
4	The juices were fantastic like last time.tostada chips and guac were fantastic.I ordered lamb again...this time the smell was great and tasted good.  The rice with frozen veggies were still wierd considering its an expensive dish.service was also great...will come back here again to try other things.
5	One of my favorite places to eat!!
1	Over priced! Stop for a quick bite before a flight out of town. Never heard of the restaurant before and would never recommend this place now.  I was charged for the"complimentary" tortillas and guacamole - $3.95 for one person. The sirloin entree I ordered was tough and dried out, and was only about 5oz. The majority of the $17.95 entree was room temperature refried beans. Save your money and go to Taco Bell!
3	Went for lunch.  Atmosphere is pretty nice, but I'm a fan of food, not mood lighting.  The food was decent, but the servings were smaller than I expected for the price.  For lunch, I ended up parting with about $16, which is pricey for a midday meal.  Otherwise, service was good, and I'd probably go back on a date.
4	The food is delicious very authentic but it is pricy.  They dont have happy hour so its a minus. But if you are looking for a Delicious bite and you have the money this is a good place to experience
3	This place is pretty decent.  A nice change of pace from the normal mexican restaurant.  The dishes have tons of flavor.  The appetizers are not really worth the money though.  The guacamole was only so-so.  They do have nice flavorful specialty fruit drinks -- definitely order one of these.I don't know how this place stays open though, we were the only ones in there at lunch.
1	I would NOT recommend this place to anyone!!! I just went to... well..."dinner" here and it was absolutely horrific. The service was OK, the Margaritas where good, and the chips and guacamole weren't bad. However the $17.90 plate and $19.00 plate we ordered where disgusting!!! My boyfriend and I each tried each others and his tasted like throw up and did not look like what was explained on the menu and mine tasted like dirt with a slab of 2  dollar meat that was dry. I have had authentic Mexican food before and this...well... I don't know what this was!!! The "food" absolutely explains why this restaurant was on  "Unsolved Mysteries" makes you wonder whats in the food!?!?!
2	TORTILLA SOUP = not the biz.that's all I tasted so that's all I'm rating this place on lol
5	Great atmosphere, incredible food and good service. It's a cozy, soft- lit oasis that serves authentic Mexican favorites like chilaquiles and mole. The guacamole and salsas are to die for. They also have a great lunch menu. The servers are attentive and polite. One of my favorite places in Phoenix!
2	A friend suggested we try this place and unfortunately he must have had a better experience then we did... first off the A/C was broken when we arrived so it was hot - we sat under a fan to get some air circulation (this probably didn't help with my attitude of the place -wasn't their fault and they were working on it but hey...first impressions). We sat down and got our menu's, it was the dinner menu and WAY too expensive for us - we thought about leaving just then but decided to order drinks and an appetizer (oh yea, no drink menu so I guess you have to wait for the bill to see how much the drinks were), but then the waitress (who was very nice) suggested the lunch menu - much better but still priced a little high. We passed on the chips and salsa appetizer deal she told us about that was for 4.. priced at $18 (ummm no). So we decided to order... she took my order first and then took my girlfriends order - then she walked away, not taking the orders from either of our husbands (well okay, guess we are sharing then).So the food arrived, quite quickly, but the serving size was smaller than what I expected for the price and not really a meal you would usually share. The food was very good and full of flavor though. We probably won't go back to this place with all the strange issues we had and the prices are just a little too high, especially considering the huge number of competing Mexican restaurants.
5	I visited this place today for the first time in 15 years.  I have to say:  they still have all of those amazing recipes and flavors.  Now that I'm back in town it will certainly be a restaurant that I visit frequently.  Seriously tasty food!
5	One of my favorite places in the Valley! My ex-boyfriend and I used to come here for lunch and dinner all the time! Great memories! The atmosphere is casual but intimate and cozy. The aguas frescas are delish! I usually get sandia (watermelon) so yummy! Guacamole and salsas are to die for but what really keeps me coming back are the Enmoladas, Enchiladas Verdes and the Cecina and Milanesa Tortas! So amazing!!Try the sangria - they put an incredible amount of fresh lime juice at the bottom of the glass! I absolutely love it!!
4	Classy mexican restaurant few miles from the the biltmore area. Servers are very attentitive. Menu has some unique items and the few dishes I have tried have all been great. Defnitley reccomend. Enchiladas were great and a slow cooked pork dish that I forgot name of . Two people with drinks expect a ill 60-80.
5	Just finished eating here. this place looks classy even if it is a little small. service was great. I had the enchiladas verdes & my guest ordered the Enmoladas. My plate was delicious, the right amount of spicy & tasted very authentic. The enmoladas were good too, were more on the sweeter side, but savory. Yes portions are on the smaller side but the food/taste really made up for it.  We then had their flan for dessert and oh man it's exactly what flan should taste like. This place is so delicious I will definitely return for dinner (they offer different menus and more selection) .
4	Best Sangria I have ever had!I was with a friend and we were in the area and hungry so I used yelp to search something nearby and ended up here.Pricey? Yes, quite so... I'm never really in the habit of checking the price rating for Mexican food places but I will definitely do so from now on. The price is the reason for the four star rating. I feel they should have larger portions for the price.The food was great. I had chicken soup, it was tasty. We shared a chef's special which that night was lamb. It was very good as well. We had the pastel de tres leches and it was fantastic. The service was great! The server was right on top of everything and took some time to explain the menu items and give us recommendations. We got there just before their closing time and they didn't rush us at all the entire time we were there.This a great date place. Look forward to coming here next time with husband.
5	I will start by saying that I don't know Mexican food. I put that disclaimer up so that if anyone ever reads these small insignificant little critiques of mine, I can always point to the claim I have no idea what truly this stuff is supposed to taste like because I am not a chef or even a professional. I work in IT for Pete's sake. With that said, this place was one of a kind. I may have only gone one time but that was all I needed.The building is big, purple, and on the corner right on 24th Street. Talk about location. There is only about 8 parking spaces behind the place but not a worry because we were the first ones there for lunch. Your experience may vary. Inside is way more romanticly themed for 4 guys from work out on their lunch break. Small table, candles, I am not going to say more for fear of my sexuality being questioned. We were seated immediately and had ice water within moments. We ordered a plate of chips and salsa to wet the appetite. They brought us an entire plate covered in guacamole with freshly made chips individually stuck in it. This was a good signal of what was to come.Fairly basic menu. Spanish terms that I can't easily pronounce. So I ordered what could best be described as a steak quesadilla but in this particular quesadilla was Chihuahua cheese. I have never heard of it before but once I tasted it I realized it is certainly something I won't soon forget. It is a creamy, mellow, and simply delicious cheese. Put that between a nice fresh tortilla and some savory steak and there you have a really great lunch. The only thing I can think of to ding the meal on was portion size. I by no means am a big eater. Quality over quantity all day long. But I could have used a little more to fill me up. Nitpicking, I am.Go here. Eat lunch or dinner or whatever is appropriate for the time of day you are there. The staff truly care about your meal and your experience. The chef came out and asked us how it was and I never had a half empty glass much less a totally empty glass of tea. The host even unfolded our napkins and placed them on our lap. I have no idea if that is a cultural tradition or not, but it was very pleasant. I shall be back indeed.
5	Magic  Chicken Mole (Chicken in a Chocolate BBQ sauce), best in AZ I've had so far. Ordered the Mole, Ropa Vieja (zesty & hearty) combo, wife had the Tenga (chicken/red sauce) and daughter had Camarones al Ajo (Shrimp in Garlic sauce) and our guest the Chipotle Steak. I love it when I find an unexpected gem. Bookmarked this one for a return trip.
4	We found this place by accident and now I'm a big fan.  The outside of the building is colorful but from 24th street it doesn't scream try but you need to.  We started off with the guacamole which was very flavorful but they served it with the chips stuck in it so there weren't enough chips in the beginning.  I had the shrimp special which was delicious but I don't like to have messy dishes served with tails on as your fingers get sticky.  My friend had the cesina a thin sliced sirloin cured and then grilled.  They served this with the chilaquiles a tortilla casserole in a ranchero sauce and rice and beans.  The sirloin was very flavorful and nicely spiced and the chilqquiles tasted like a dish a grandmother would make with love.  The space is a little small and tight and service was a little slow but the servers were very friendly and the food was fantastic.
5	Im wondering why it took me 4 years to finally eat here but man am I glad I did. Top notch service. Enchiladas were some of the best i've had. Really fantastic margaritas. Will definitely be back!
5	Finally came around to trying this place out... well worth it!  I had their sopa de tortilla, which was very different from other tortilla soups that I've had in the past--nonetheless, it was delicious!  My sister had the crema de cilantro, which was also very good. For our main entrees, I had the enmoladas and she had a torta de adobada. The mole sauce was sweet and rich!  Tasted just like my mom's!  My sister loved her torta and the buttery rice that accompanied it. The service was super friendly and the food tasted amazingly authentic!  We will definitely be back!
5	If you're new to Mexican food or you want to have a stylish and intimate Phoenix Mexican dining experience, aqui es el lugar.  Intimate bar too.  When service staff smile have dilated pupils and dreamy looks about the food as they describe it, one knows it must be pretty good.  You will pay.  In our case we were hoping for quiet, attractive surroundings for discussion and a good lunch.  Asi Es La Vida worked well.I recommend the aguas frescas.  Watermelon was excellent.  The tres leches cake too.  The red salsa, smoky with real chipotle flavor was excellent as was spinach salad, chicken mole and green enchiladas.
5	Three words...Authentic Mexican Charm.My mouth and soul smile when remembering my experience at Asi Es La Vida.This is NOT your typical Mexican food place.The food differs by offering a more Southern Mexican palate.The food is top quality and prepared by a master of his craft.I have NEVER tasted Mexican food like this in Phoenix,therefore Asi Es La Vida is the place I will return to if I am craving it.From the Frida gallery to the classic Latin music,this five star restaurant is an experience all Phoenicians must experience.Exceptional service, one of a kind plates and culture at it's core. What more can a girl ask for?Five stars respectfully given to Asi Es La Vida.Muchas gracias por su comida hecha de corazon.
5	This place is the best of the best. Great food, great atmosphere, and Greta drinks. I had the carnitas tampequena which was great, and wife had a shrimp special that I wish I had ordered. Went because of yelp and I agree with those that gave the excellent reviews.
4	This place is a hidden gem and when driving through here for years I have to say the exterior makes me a bit weary on whether this place is capable of producing great food.  We decided to stop by for lunch with a few compadres from the office.  The moment you park in the back and walk in you know toto would be saying we are not in Phoenix anymore but he would say donde estamos aka as where are we?  This place is an interesting spot and the experience was beyond my expectations.  I want to come back as soon as we can make it to a margarita kind of night simply because they have a great array of tequilas and the food was spot on during my visit.  You have to respect a Mexican spot that has a very small menu, this means confidence!  They have a great Agua Fresca selection that they will continue to refill for you.  Our table tried all different plates and they were awesome.. I recommend their chilaquiles.  Finish off with a great flan and you will quickly realize why you never came here knowing it was here all along.. If you can uncover what is upstairs, please do so as it leaves me wanting to sneak in and find out.
5	If you want to experience Mexican food that differs from the Sonoran and Tex-Mex versions you know, this is the place to go. Asi Es La Vida serves "regional Mexican food." Our party of three shared the thick, flavorful chips and delicious guacamole and split a dessert of ice cream filled crepe topped with warm caramel sauce. Our luncheon selections were individualized, except when one of our group, who grimaced when another ordered Crema de Cilantro soup, tasted his and decided to duplicate his order. Her dislike of cilantro was overcome because it didn't overpower the other flavors in the soup. Each entree was a pleasantly unique dining treat. They included Adobada, Enmoladas, and Chicken Sincronizadas.Service was prompt, courteous, friendly, and efficient.  We liked the decor and art on display. I had been here 20-some years ago when it first opened and East Coast friends took me there after reading a rave review in the New York Times. We gave it raves, too. But life intervened and I didn't get back. Over the years, as I occasionally drove by, I was put off by its garish external transformation. I'm glad I read the recent New Times back story about this restaurant and decided to return. And, now, I'll be back with some frequency.
4	Food was authentic and yummy, although a bit cold.  Not sure if it sat too long in the window, but the huge shrimp would have been excellent-had they been hot.  Service was fantastic!  Will be going back for hopefully hot food!
5	Don't let the neighborhood or outside scare you. The place is Great! Amazing unique Mexican cuisine.
4	I'm not too far from this place they have some great food and really cool people that serve you very knowledgeable about what they have and the service was impeccable thank you and hope you enjoy
2	it was not bad but not good. I found that it was overpriced and a much more appetizing read than eat. For appitizer we got chorizo app which was just a quesidilla with chorizo that was cut in half that cost $8. It was good but not $8 good. For dinner I ordered Lamb Shank that was like $15 which had great flavor but I was only served like 5 small super tiny pieces of lamb that where over cooked.For dessert I ordered a crape which came out coldI was not impressed with the place or the food. Service was great but in my opinion not worth it.
4	Wonderfully fresh food and pleasant background music.  Our waitress, Cindy, was most helpful and attentive;)
5	Excellent food. The appetizers were delicious. The margaritas were very good...very smooth, not made too strong. My entree was the Chilean sea bass. The sauce was the most amazing mixture of cream, chipotle, and wine. My husband ordered the filet and was blown away how tender the steak was. After dinner, the waiter arrived with a slice of cake for my birthday. I had never had Tres Leches cake before this moment and it is my new favorite dessert. The restaurant had a singer performing in the dining room. He played guitar and sang beautifully. This was a wonderful dining experience.
5	My husband actually found this place when he was researching recipes for cooking nopales. They have an amazing dish with nopales, chorizo, and cheese from Chihuahua. We went for lunch and that dish isn't on the lunch menu, but they made it for us anyway. I can't say enough nice things about Asi Es La Vida -- if you're in the neighborhood, you should definitely check it out.As I said in my check-in:Best mole ever. Best sangria ever. Love this place!
5	Came here on a recommendation from a friend. Never would have come in otherwise - if you're put off by the exterior as I was don't be! EXCELLENT service,  and the food was wonderful!  Get the cilantro de crema soup to start. You won't be disappointed. It was pure comfort in a bowl. Our server said they are famous for their award winning mole. It was delicious. Many levels of flavor to savor. This would be a nice date place, upscale dining with live music on certain nights.
4	The food was excellent and the waitress was super nice. The free dessert (tres leches cake) was so good we had to order a second one! The menu was a little limited but everything we ordered tasted great.
4	Don't be fooled by the (not-so-appealing) purple exterior and sign out front; this is a cool, stylish place inside with some quality food. I went for lunch and enjoyed the mole chicken enchiladas -- outstanding, though the portion was small for $9.99. Chips with fresh guacamole and salsas was a good choice; otherwise I probably would have been hungry after. It only came with a few chips (not enough), but they brought more as soon as we asked. A friend got the black bean sauce enchiladas (I think) and seemed happy; he said his tortilla soup was tasty but could have used some vegetables or something, because for most of it he was just spooning broth. He seemed a lot happier about the margarita; there are a lot of options for quality ones there. No problems with service. The place was empty at prime lunch time.
5	this is absolutely one if not my favorite places in town to come in for a above average lunch or dinner. Expect to be treated as if you were long time friends with their friendly friendly friendly friendly
5	Went for a cocktail last night and left after experiencing an amazing dinner. The restaurant is quaint and romantic. Excellent music choices played in the background which added to the romantic atmosphere. The food was to die for! I ordered the Tinga dish and wasn't disappointed. Chicken was flavorful and melted in my mouth. The pinto beans and rice that accompanied the chicken were delicious as well. My friends enjoyed their meals too. One order Enrollado de Res and the other a Ropa Vieja/Tinga combination. The gentleman at the bar explained how everything is freshly prepared on site with the exception of the tortillas. They cut their own meat and are happy to serve those with dietary restrictions. Their lunch and dinner menus are different, I cannot wait to go back!
5	The food was excellent and the waitress was super nice. Excellent music choices played in the background which added to the romantic atmosphere. The food was to die for The free dessert (tres leches cake) was so good we had to order a second one! The menu was a little limited but everything we ordered tasted great.
5	Amazing experience!  The food was fresh and homemade.  The service was genuine, helpful and very attentive. The margarita was made from scratch and they had fresh squeezed juice.  I would highly recommend this place! !!!
1	I just spent 5 days at Mayo Clinic Hospital  being treated for food poisoning (E. coli and Campylobacter)  after eating here. I am profoundly disappointed. I thought the food tasted wonderful and the service was great  - but they cant get food safety right. do not eat here unless your next stop is the hospital.
4	Awesome service, excellent food! Expensive for the quantity of food, but the quality was outstanding.
5	The last time we had such amazing food was definitely in a fine dining establishment in Cabos. The flavors were amazing of everything everybody had in our party. The margaritas were awesome. Two brothers and a sister own this place. They are amazing, courteous and so hospitable. A must go to place.
4	My kind of place. Not your typical fried Mexican food. Ingredients were fresh and super tasty. The chips and guacamole is the bomb.com. Small and cozy but not cramped. I'll be back! Oh, enchilada verde- highly recommend, again fresh and not loaded with tons of greasy cheese.
5	Do not let the flourescent pink facade scare you! This is arguably the very best authentic Mexican cuisine experience you will ever have the privilege to experience in Phoenix. I grew up here, born and raised here in the valley .... I now live in another valley... Of the silicon type and I can assure you we have nothing like this that even comes close anywhere in California! I've been all over the planet for work and pleasure. These guys do the real deal! And... The best part is that while it's easily 5 star food, it's totally affordable... We ordered 4 margaritas, a great shrimp dish to share, table side made guacamole and with tip it was $55 out the door! All ingredients are ultra fresh and home made! Including the simple syrup in the margarita!  An amazing destination restaraunt for date nights, etc. highly recommend!
5	We just dropped in for lunch. What a pleasant surprise. Linen tablecloths and classy soft Mexican music in the background. The menu is not the standard Tex-Mex tacos and burros; rather it is Central Mexican cuisine. The chipotle sauce is smoky with a nice hot finish, the tomatillo sauce is bright with a great flavor. The bar is well stocked with 65 tequilas, the Marquita's are made with fresh squeezed lime juice. Every bite was a pleasant surprise. I cannot wait to come back for dinner.
5	Don't let the cliche, vivid exterior fool you into thinking this is just like the other "Mexican" food places. The food and drinks are far from basic on the delicious scale. If you're searching for true authentic Mexican food this is the place to try. For a second I thought I was having grandmas secret Chicken Mole recipe, which is what I would recommend!  P.S This cozy and intimate place also host live music on the weekends.
3	This was my second time here and I enjoyed the food, but spending $28.00 on a plate of Mexican food just doesn't sit right with me.  Bario Cafe just down the street, while also expensive, does a better job.  I don't think I will be back anytime soon.
5	Ambiance, decor, delectable regional cuisine from Mexico, all combine to make this a truly wonderful destination for all things Mexican.  The original chef, a former taco stand owner on the island of Cozumel, made his way here in the 90's and opened "Such is Life", a phrase he adapted from a friend who invested in his dreams back in the island days.  Once upon a time, this restaurant had garnered so much attention, it was even listed as one of Phoenix's most interesting dining destinations by the New York Times.  Although it has changed owners, they have tried to keep the original menu and the concept going strong.  From the hand painted portraits of Freda Kalo on the walls, to the colorful folk art and paintings, to the regional music playing softly over the speakers, this place smacks of authenticity inside and out.  When I am here, I feel like I am on holiday in the heart of Mexico.  And when my plate of Camaron Al Mojo de Ajo comes out, I am transported to the beach in Tulum or Puerto Vallarta.First "must try" is the Crema De Cilantro.  Absolutely incredible soup with cilantro, garlic, potato puree, avocado, and chicken. As the name implies, it is divinely creamy and full of gorgeous, simple flavors.Next on the list should be the Queso Fundido with poblano, championes, chorizo, and nopales.  Excellent!  A slightly different take on what you would expect from a standard queso, and it does not disappoint with all of the wonderful ingredients.For a light and coastal entree, I recommend the Camaron Al Mojo De Ajo.  For $24.95 you get a very generous plate of large, plump, butterflied shrimp baked with garlic and virgin olive oil.This is absolutely one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, as it also offers diners a more fine dining culinary exploration.  The menu is simple.  Other entree offerings include fish filet and leg of lamb, and filet mignon.Appetizers range from $5.95-$12.95 from Ceviche Acapulco (marinated shrimp in fresh lime juice) to Coctel de Camaron (Pacific jumbo shrimp cocktail).Absolutely everything ordered, down to the made to order guacamole and salsa verde (one of three salsas served at the table), the house margaritas, and Aqua frescas was outstanding and I would highly recommend a visit to this iconic Mexican restaurant.
5	Wow, this is a really great Mexican restaurant.  I first went there about a year ago and was quite impressed.  Tried it again with my wife and friends this time and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.  I'll try to come back to this place each time I'm back in the Phoenix area!
5	This place is small but the presentation was nice. They had fruit juices & the food was authentic. The waiter was professional and quick. I will defiantly be coming back!
4	I really like this place.  The atmosphere is authentic and so nicely dark in the summer.  They keep the place as dark as possible which is so comforting to us Phoenicians.  I liked the chips but didn't love them.  They are the thick kind that is almost a Mexican version of a cracker.  The sauces were excellent.I  had chicken enchiladas and they were very good.  Again the sauces were fresh and homemade.  The beans were excellent as well.  Even the rice was different than what I have found in other Mexican restaurants.  It was white instead of yellow rice with vegetables as an accent.I would definitely go back when in the area.
4	Intimate setting that compliments an excellent brunch. Specialty juices & drinks were tempting.  Guacamole & chips were excellent with a nice presentation and flavorful salsa options.  Enchiladas with mole were fantastic. Beau enjoyed enchiladas with green chili sauce.  All eats taste extremely fresh. Portions realistic. Service was very crisp and polite.Although lighting is dark, surfaces appeared very clean and sparkling.
1	this was awful, will not go here again.  It was expensive, and, you could not tellwhat you were getting.  The soups were awful, and, the meals were over $15 and up, it was not worth it.  The ice cream desserts were melted and more like Ice cream soup, the coffee drinks were over $4.00.  Will never go back here again.
5	This is great quality mexican food.  I've had two dishes from here.  The green chili enchiladas and the Torta...... Great food!
4	That's life.  I really dug this place.  It was different.  Upscale, but not fancy.  Great Mexican food without a single taco or burrito.  Apparently, it's more like the cuisine of Mexico City, instead of the the Sonoran Mexican food we typically eat... but what do I know?The defining feature of this place is blindingly pink building in a not-so-great neighborhood.  (It's not a bad neighborhood, but it's a contrast from the luxuries just a few miles North on Camelback.)  Inside, the place feels like a collection of narrow, cozy hallways, and the place settings at the tables are elaborate.We started with a margarita and a fresh watermelon juice.  The margarita was a little too strong, but the watermelon juice was refreshing.  We started with guacamole.  I heard it was made table-side, but I got duped on that one.  The chips were very thick, like tostadas.  The guacamole, salsa, and pico were all good, but not special.  Next, we had a shrimp appetizer, served over a crepe.  The cream sauce was unexpectedly amazing!  I was trying to sop up the remains with tortilla chips.  It was foreshadowing of things to come... this place knows its sauces.For the entree, we split a steak dish.  The steak was pounded thin, marinated, and grilled.  It was tender and delicious, but the sides were the stars.  There was a folded chicken enchilada in a mole sauce that was out of this world!  The rice, and the bean-stuffed pepper were also nice accompaniments.  (Next time, I think I'll just order the mole.)We also had dessert, another crepe filled with ice cream and topped with a tequila carmel sauce.  The sauce was delicious.  Unfortunately, the cold ice cream made the crepe a little gummy and hard to eat.The waiter was friendly and attentive.  The prices of everything except the entrees were very reasonable.  (The entrees are a little on the high side.)  If you want a different, upscale Mexican experience, this is the place for you.  Great date spot,too.
5	Very very delicious. .hidden gem, nice place to take a date.  The Cremosa cilantro soup is a must. great service excellent food.!!!!
5	Another great Gem in the central/east phoenix area!  Looks inconspicuous from the outside, but inside is nice, friendly and knowledgeable staff and tremendous food!  My husband and I have been numerous times and haven't had a bad experience yet!  The live music on Sat nights I refreshing!
5	This place takes such care in their food preparation... Their entrees are always top notch. This place is much more upscale in their food and prices, but I think is well worth it for the ambiance and the food that they serve.. We shared an appetizer and an entree and it was plenty of food. We live right down the street, so I would love to see this place continue to do well. It has great servers and was a great experience...
5	Can not say enough great things about this restaurant. My girlfriend chose this place for our date night and it was amazing. Amazing, authentic Mexican food? Check. Romantic environment? Check. Top of the line service? Check. Can't wait to come back here. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
5	The best mole sauce I've had anywhere, including in Mexico. Delicious guacamole as well, and a rotating selection of agua fresca. Tiny place, but beautiful interior and excellent service.
5	This has to be the best Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.  A friend told me to try it and I was not disappointed.  The enchiladas verdes are amazing.  The chicken inside was soft and tender.  The decor and ambiance was very nice too.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good Mexican food.
3	Nice Mexican restaurantThe vibe seemed authentic inside the restaurant. The staff was niceThe food was decent but not amazingly delicious.I had the Queso Fundido which was interesting because it had cactus. It tasted like green peppersThe Carne Tampiquena had shrimp that was overcooked and did not taste good.The camaron al mojo is the sirloin, it was decent but not too special.i would recommend someone to come if they haven't had Mexican fishes before. But for someone who has Mexican food often, I would not recommend.
5	Every time we come here the food is fantastic!  This week it's the Elk Chop special. We both highly recommend them.
2	ENVIRONMENT - A more upscale Mexican restaurant. Great for a nice date night!SERVICE - Very friendly and helpfulFOOD - Overall, i thought it was a bit too pricey for what we had. I'm not an expert on mexican food and don't have it often, but here's what i thought.+ Carne tampiquena $18 - steak, rice, guac, and refried beans. Again it was okay... Nothing special..I actually prefer the striploin at other places, maybe mexican just isn't my thing.+ camaron al mojo - $25. I dont think this was worth it. It came with 4 shrimps which weren't that flavourful. There was also salad, corn, and rice, along with some garlicy bread. Not worth $25.... It didn't impress me.+ queso fundido $6 - this was an appetizer. I mainly got this cause it has nopales (CACTUS!!).. It's my first time travelling out west sooo yeah. This was maiinly just mushrooms and cactus cooked in melted cheese which you put in soft tortillas. The nopales just taste like green peppers, and the dish was just okay. + margarita $6 - strong! But mm drink,Don't forget to check in to claim your dessert! They gave us 3 types of desserts to choose from. We got the chocolate flam which was pretty decent. Soft and spongey.But i'd probably wouldn't come back.
5	Don't let the bright pink exterior (and it's location right across the street from the Arizona Republican Party) fool you, the food here is top notch. Moles are as good as everyone says they are and the red and free salsas were incredible. The steak was well marinated and tasted good even without the mole sauce. Unlock the free Tres Leche through yelp, it's worth it. Although you might be so full from your meal that dessert might be the last thing you want.
5	Best mexican gem in town!!! It has the VERY BEST green chile enchiladas! The manager is exceptional! I can't wait to go back!!!! Guacamole is phenomenal!
5	This is my first YELP review, but I felt motivated to do it for this place. WOW! The very best mole I've ever had. And the fish dish (pescado a la versceruzana) was outstanding. This just wasn't the best Mexican food I've had in a while, but the best meal I've had in quite some time. Don't miss it! The atmosphere is great, staff very friendly and even a wonderful guitar player.
5	I have been coming here for over 10 years.  It's about time I write a review.  Awesome date night location. Best tortilla soup hands down. We get it every single time we go. We also get the crepas de cajeta when we have room. The tinga and sincronizadas are pretty good. The tortas on the lunch menu are freaking amazing. It's a little on the pricey side, but I am blessed enough to swing it no less than 14 times a year.
4	Well, I finally made it to Asi Es La Vida. It's kind of sad how long this place as been on my "to-try" list. First, I love the quirkiness of this place. Being an eccentric individual myself, I felt right at home. Why aren't more places in Phoenix painted in bright, happy colors. This is the hot-ass desert, we don't need more brown. Second, my server obviously had a passion for the food. I mean, he was excited about it. He made me want to eat it. I was like, you know the joys of a good foodgasm, don't you? You and your suggestions can be trusted. Don't you hate it when you ask a server for their opinion and they have none. Wtf is up with that? Just make it up for god's sake. That's better than a shoulder shrug. You will find no shoulder shrugs at Asi Es La Vida. Lastly, the mole. I love mole. There are very few places to get mole in Phoenix. I don't understand why, because it is literally heaven for your mouth. Asi Es La Vida's mole is on the sweeter side, which is fine with me, because I like all kinds of mole. Yes, there are different kinds. And, like I said, yes to all of them. Ok, I'm not done. I have one small gripe. A teeny-tiny thing that won't keep me from coming back, but damn was it a bad choice. It has to do with the fabric covering the booth seats. It's corduroy. Freaking corduroy?! Have you ever tried slipping gracefully into a booth covered in that stuff? Well, I have now. It isn't easy or comfortable. All of your fabric is catching on all of the booth's fabric and it's just a mess. I had to adjust myself so many times it looked like I had hemorrhoids. No, no, my butt is fine, it's just this damn corduroy!
