2	Chicken Cheese Steak with onions, pickles, peppers. Good flavor, but short on meat. Fresh soft roll, but it's a lot of bread when it's light on meat. Good news, it's something different than the neighbors (jj), Bad news was 10 minutes later my stomach did a flip from the grease and I spent my evening in the bathroom. ughExpensive Sammiches then again we are in North Scottsdale!Will I try them again? Sure. I'd like to try the Bobbie nexttime around, though I'm not a chain-store fan. I'd rather find the mom & pop shop with real food.
3	So I've seen the "opening soon" sign for some weeks now and was excited for a new sandwich place in the neighborhood. After kicking my own booty at the gym I was starved and craving meat. I decided to negate my work out efforts and give Capriottis a try. I was really conflicted on whether I should go for the meatball or the Philly cheese steak. Cheese steak won. Small size with mushrooms and onions. And a small drink. Just under $11. I had to gasp for air as I felt like someone just punched me in the gut and mugged me. This better be way YUM! When the sandwich came out I calmed down a little about the price. The small is 9" (giving all other small subs out there major feelings of inadequacy) and turned into two meals for me. It reheated very well the next day, I might add. The sandwich was tasty. Nothing to write home about. I really like their bread. It's funny, the other guy complained not enough meat and I would really liked to have seen more mushrooms and onions in my sub. The onions are diced and very small so I had a difficult time detecting their flavor, same goes for the mushrooms. I was disappointed when they told me they didn't have malt vinegar. I love dipping my cheese steaks in that stuff. The guy suggested red wine vinegar and I was so desperate I tried it. It was pretty good. Still can't beat malt though. Hopefully they will get enough requests for it and add it to their inventory. It is obvious they just opened and are working out some kinks here and there. Totally understandable and nothing to give them a hard time about. I will be back for more. Oh! And they deliver! Since we don't have a JJ in delivery range I am thrilled about that fact. :)
4	They claim the best sandwich in America. I'm going to agree that they are really really really good. They also deliver. The Bobbie, Cheese-steak, and the Capastrami are all crazy good!
4	The turkey, cranberry and stuffing sandwich is amazing.
3	The "Best Sandwich in America" sign should probably be taken down.  Don't get me wrong; Capriottis isn't bad.  It's actually pretty good.  But the best?  Not even close.  I don't think I would even call it the best sandwich in the retail complex it's located in.Having never eaten at any of this national chain's locations, I decided to go off the Cap's Special menu and order a Capastromi (a pastrami rueben sub).  The small is 9 inches, which is big enough for me.  The bread is soft and tasty, but the pastrami is a little over peppered, and it would've been nice if there were more meat.  Very good.  But not the "Best" of anything.The employees were friendly.  The seating area is spacious and clean.  There are two TV's playing ESPN and CNN in mute.  There's also a few tables located right outside, which would be pleasant spots to eat on a nice day.  Caprioittis may not be the "best" that it boasts, but I would certainly eat here again.
2	Nothing like Capriotti's in other cities.  They don't have the same menu offerings as east coast locations, and even though I ate here when not busy it took a very long time for the food to arrive.  Parking is frustrating too because of the adjacent Starbucks patrons occupying so many spots.  Very poor chips selection as well - only two choices.  Really? 2 chips?
1	The sandwich was a 2 Star disappointment and when you combine the price this place really earns the lowest rating.  I ordered the Medium Philly with mushrooms and hots on the side along with a small drink- $13.50 what a rip off. (I didnt even get a side or chips what would that have been $15.+) These sandwiches don't even make the average persons top 100 so the sign sets you up for a big let down.  This business should do themselves a favor and remove this blatantly false advertising.  Even a fast food joint like Arbys and their $5.00 Philly is much better.  First time I've wanted to go back and tell them to their faces how below average they really are but its not the folks working hard behind the counters fault so Ill just leave it here.  Save your dime and try almost any other sammie for a better experience.
3	On occasion I get the urge for a big old Italian grinder.  In my neighborhood I know exactly where to go to to satisfy this craving, but I have no clue where to go in North Scottsdale.  I took a chance on Capriotti's.The restaurant was packed, but the staff was very efficient in getting food out.  Grinder in hand, I head back to work to try it out.The sandwich was huge, easily big enough for two meals.  As for the flavor?  It was ok, but not exactly memorable. All of the components were there, but the sandwich as a whole didn't stand out.I'm willing to try the 'Best Sandwich in America' at least once, but I won't be going back for the grinder.
2	Meat was very salty & was poor quality..was excited to try it but very disappointed.  I went with my wife and friend and we all love subs and have tried many and we all felt that it was ok!  The bread wasn't that great either..It seems like the other locations have better reviews but nonetheless, its still the same meats and bread.  I would rather go to Jimmy Johns, Jersey Mikes or Hangover Hoagies.
1	Did you know that Marky Mark is the same person as Mark Wahlberg?And why did I mention this?  Because that is what the three workers (one I know was a manager) were debating about while I was waiting for my sandwich...and sandwich that was waiting to be handed to me.  Five minutes later....my name was called....another employee gave it to me...while the three guys were still talking about Marky Mark.  I was told that I had to go to this "amazing sandwich"...the best sandwich in America.  Well...service wise...this place is awful.  The guy taking my order had severe ADD...(would you like a drink with that?  "No thank you"...ok would you like a regular or large drink?  Or!  "What is the total?"  Moron behind the counter..."The cookie is $1.29)  Food wise?  There was nothing...absolutely NOTHING about that sandwich (Chicken Cheesesteak)  that would make me forget about the bad counter service so I would go back.  The chicken was bland and extremely greasy.  I am still feeling the effects of the pit in my stomach of bottomless grease.Sorry Caprioti's....not going back.
4	So I see all these negative reviews and, rather than deterring me from going back to Capriotti's, what are my thoughts? "Great, shorter lines for me!" Really, no joke.Okay so in all fairness I only ever eat one thing here. Which never happens. Ever. Here though, I always get the Cran Slam Club, and it never, ever fails to satisfy. I think I may have tried something else at a different location years ago... but since I tried that club, there's been no going back.Oh and to the person complaining about a limited selection of chips, quick tip: Go to the counter where you ordered...... look down. You're welcome. :-)
4	I love Capriotti's! I used to go to them a lot in Vegas when I lived there. Then I saw a coming soon sign for them and all most crashed my car rubber necking to make sure I wasn't seeing things. After not having any for almost 2 years I was so excited to walk-in to a Capriotti's. I was not disappointed!The food is great and I highly recommend the Bobbie or the Capastrami!!Only down side is there a bit pricey. In the end it's worth it and I'm very happy I don't have to drive 4.5 hours anymore to get a specialty sub.
3	We have some friend who were RAVING about this place, so we popped in for a sandwich before a movie recently.  I gotta say, I had a great reuben sandwich that I was VERY pleased with.  I'm not sure if I will be venturing to the area just to have this sandwich again, but it was super tasty.  Everyone seemed to like what they had and the menu has something for everyone.  If I'm in the area again, I might venture here, but I am partial to Jimmy John's (next door) so it might be hard to choose.
4	Tasty sandwich.  I got the 9" Capastrami.  Pretty different flavors & textures than what I'm used to and it was soooo good!  The last thing we need is yet another version of Subway/Jersey Mike's/Jimmy John's etc etc.  The fresh baked and pulled meat is super delicious.  I had exceptional service.  Joe walked me through all the varieties of sandwiches and told me all about her favorites.  The two guys in the food prep area also both greeted me & wished me a good evening when I left.  Friendly, fast, overall great!
2	I've been to this place twice. The first time was during a very busy lunchtime and the Tuna sandwich I had was pretty good.  It was a little hard to manuever around the tightly placed tables and chairs but that was about the only thing I had an issue with the first time.  The second time I went with my daughter in the late afternoon when there was no-one else in the restaurant except a group of men who worked for Capriotti's who were having a business meeting at one of the tables.  When I ordered and paid for my meal I gave the cashier my money and watched as she LICKED HER INDEX FINGER and proceeded to take money out of the drawer and hand it to me as my change.  I was so disgusted and asked her "did you just lick your finger and then put use it to pull out the dollar that you just gave me"?  She shrugged and said "yeah".  I told her that it was gross and I didn't appreciate having her spit on the money that I was putting back into my wallet.  She just shrugged again.  Well I know money is dirty and all and who knows where the money has been that I already have in my wallet so oh wel...BUT THEN I watched her stick that SAME FINGER into the inside of my drink cup as she handed it to me.  I just looked at her and said" this is unbelievable".  I didn't bother saying anymore to her because I had a feeling she would just shrug again.  Well then I was really grossed out and just couldn't stomach filling my drink cup after she stuck her spitty finger in it so I was standing at the drink machine trying to decide what to do when one of the men from the meeting stood up and walked past me.  As he walked by I asked him if he worked there and he said "yes, do you need something"?  I said yes I need a new cup  because the cashier licked her finger to slide a  dollar bill out of the drawer then stuck that same finger inside my cup to hand it to me.  His reaction to this?  "ok, let me get you another cup.  Not "I'm sorry maam that is not the way we train our employees" or any other sort of apology or "I will discuss this with the employee and make sure it doesn't happen in the future"....nope he just handed me another cup and said "here you go".  Well I guess I could have pushed for an apology or something but I was just too disgusted to speak and decided that I just would never return to Capriotti's again.  Just thought some of you out there would like to know what my experience was.I gave them two stars because the Tuna sandwich was actually pretty good, which is sad because I just can't bring myself to want to eat there again.
5	The Bobbie is to die for I could eat it everyday!  The manager gave us a great deal on our holiday tray because he recognized my name from Facebook!
4	Just tried Capriottis, i was very impressed, great sandwich, i got the Pastrami signature sandwich they have. Tasty, Great bread...i'll be back for sure! bit pricey but hey, everywhere is now
4	It's weird that that the reviews are so skewed for Capriottis Sandwich Shop. I have eaten here several times, and have enjoyed it each time. I think the thing that hurts them more than anything else is the "Best Sandwich In America" banner hanging out front. The sandwiches are really good... but best in America is a little far reaching.That being said... I usually get the "Bobby"... Thanksgiving on a bun! It's a pretty damn good sandwich... it you like thanksgiving dinner. The turkey is freshly made, as is the stuffing they put on the sandwich. I have also had the meatball sub... also very good. I like this place. And I am pretty sure you will like this place. Make sure you tell them you signed up for their "text message" program to get a free drink and chips on your first visit.
4	I've tried the capastrami and the cole turkey, both are delicious!  They don't use sliced turkey on their sandwiches, they use shredded roasted turkey breast which is very nice.  It is a little bit pricey but the portions are huge compared to other sandwich places so it evens out.  You can definitely get two meals out of one small sub.The staff is also very nice.  One time I had to wait for them to make a new batch of coleslaw to complete my sandwich and the manager offered me a free drink for having to wait so long.
4	Scottsdale is a tough crowd. I noticed all the other Capriotti's in the valley have a 4 star rating on Yelp and this location has a 3 star rating.I've eaten at Capriotti's a lot since it has opened and have found that the sandwiches are consistently good and the service is great. A "small" sandwich is 9 inches, I wouldn't even contemplate ordering anything larger. And believe it or not they have a "medium" and a "large" sized sandwich. I really urge the corporate office to start serving 6 inch sandwiches in order to get the price point down. A sandwich and drink basically hits the $10 mark, which is a little too much for a fast food joint.My Favorite sandwich is The Bobbie. It's like eating Thanksgiving Dinner in a bun. When I first tried this combination of cold turkey (real turkey), cranberry sauce and stuffing (hold the mayo) I thought no way this could be good. I was hooked once I took my first bite. Yum - a perfect combination of food, like eating Thanksgiving leftovers. I've enjoyed the Cran-Slam Club and The Italian Sausage sandwich as well. I'm determined to try the rest of the sandwiches, but I keep on returning to The Bobbie.They have a couple of flat screens and seem to play a lot of "live" type songs from the Eagles, Beattles, Simon & Garfunkle, Springsteen, etc. A great place to sit back and chill. P.S. - Park in the Wal-Mart parking lot across the street to save your sanity.
2	Since I've been seeing signs claiming that Capriotti's was voted "the world's greatest sandwich" I decided to give it a try.  I decided to order an Italian sandwich.  First of all, I was a little sticker shocked...they don't have a combo meal so a medium sandwich, drink and chips came out to about $12.00--yowzers!  Secondly, I was the only customer for a good 10 minutes (it was 5pm on a Thursday) and my sandwich took FOREVER to get done.. maybe I'm use to Jimmy Johns and Subway.  I got mine to go and was very disappointed to find out when I got home that they gave me the WRONG sandwich.  How do you f-up an order when it's the only customer in the restaurant?  I even double checked my receipt to make sure I ordered the one I wanted.  Instead of an Italian I got some leftover Thanksgiving ensemble.  Well, this Yelper only eats stuffing on Thanksgiving and doesn't eat cranberry sauce or mayo at all.. I was so irate I gave the entire thing to my dog..hopefully he won't get sick.
3	If it was possible I would give 3.5 stars.  I rounded down because the first time I ordered from here they screwed up my sandwich (I ordered a cheese hero and they gave me a ham and cheese hero - ham-stink is permanent and since I detest ham, it was a whole sandwich killer).Meatball hero was pretty good though I would not rush back to get another.  When I finally did get a cheese hero, it was delicious - this I would rush back to get.  Husband loves the Bobby.The service is a little slow so I'm going to try ordering through their website the next time.  Capriottis has definitely earned a spot in my sandwich place rotation.
3	I've rounded down on this one; from 3 1/2 Stars to just 3 Stars and you'll see why as you read below.  I am a student of numbers.  Sorry, that's just what I do for a living.  So here are some numbers.  There are three Capriottis in the Valley according to Yelp.  The Phoenix location has 65 Reviews and a Four Star rating.  Tempe has 18 Reviews and a Four Star Rating.  And, Scottsdale has 21 Reviews and a Three Star rating.  I'm sure this statistical proof will make my fellow Yelper, Scott D. very happy since he has stated that Scottsdale is a tough crowd.  Given my two dining experiences, I would say it has less to do with the Scottsdale crowd as it does with the folks behind the counter and the pricing of the sandwiches.  I'm really in agreement with Yelper, Andrea K.  -- the employees bring down the overall Capriotti's experience.  On my first visit, everyone was surly behind the counter and ill tempered.  On this trip, I was just grossed out.Last night, I visited Capriotti's around seven and ordered the medium Cheese Steak.  As I waited, I filled my drink and watched the Bulls v. Miami game on the big screen (nice touch!).  After five minutes or so, I walked over and figured that my food would be ready soon.  As I waited, the guy in front of me had an order mix up -- something about ordering the 20" and getting the 12" instead.  I was surprised when they remade the order and told him to keep the extra sandwich.  Nice!In front of the counter, on the employees side, was a pile of table scraps and garbage on the floor.  So I took a picture because I was killing time and thought it was amusing.  It looked as if someone was in the middle of cleaning the floor and just got distracted. Oh, well.  My order came, and it too had a mistake.  Somehow it was made plain, instead of the works.  No matter, the manager told me he would remake the order.  Again, I thought you could just add onions and whatever.  But he said no problem and told me to come back in a few minutes.  So I walked over to my table and watched the Bulls make a run at Miami from being down five points.  Good game!After five minutes or so of watching the game, I walked over again thinking my sandwich would soon be ready.  Yep, the pile of garbage was still there on the floor.  So, I took another picture.  The Manager was there and he told me it would just be a moment.  Incredibly, everyone was side stepping this pile of garbage.  Just then a kid came over with the sandwich and slipped on it.  Too funny.  The manager admonished him to watch it, I told him "it might be easier if you just clean it up."So, it was back to the Bulls game, but now with my sandwich in hand -- twenty minutes after I had order it.  Okay, the sandwich was very good.  I liked it a lot better then my first experience with the brown meat, roast beef Slaw Be Jo.  The cheese and the onions were the right mix to the chopped meat.  And, the bread stood up well and had a corn meal bottom to it.  All nice!  The Cheese Steak reminded me in many ways of the Jersey Mike's version of the same sandwich, which isn't a bad thing.  In the end, even though it was very good sandwich, I thought nearby Corleone's was slightly better.  Of course, Corleone's closes at seven so where could I find something this good at seven-twenty?  In the future, I really need to work on my time management.Well, it was now seven forty-five and the Bulls were firmly in control of the game.  I went over to refill of my drink.  Yep, I looked.  And yep, the garbage and table scraps were still there on the floor. But now it was more spread out from the mishap with the kid.  Okay, I'm done with Capriotti's for a while.  For $11.53, I will take my business elsewhere and remember that Corleone's closes early.  I'm going to agree with Dave S. on this -- it's an expensive sandwich, even by North Scottsdale standards.  But it's not a bad one!  It's just that the overall experience leaves much to be desired.Sorry!
4	OMG this was one of the best sub sandwiches I have had in a really long time!  I had the opportunity to try a few things: 1) the black and bleu salad, which I had with the cranberry dressing.  It was really delicious and just what I was looking for. I also got to try the ham and cheese and the Italian. Both were fantastic. They used some kind of seasoning...an oil and vinegar maybe...that gave the sub such wonderful flavor. I am excited to try the Bobby next time. A friend of mine got it and she was very impressed that the bread was not soggy at all because of the cranberry sauce, but another friend said the cranberry sauce was a little too sweet. Personally I don't mind a little too sweet, but if you are sensitive to it, you might want to scrape some of the cranberry off or ask them to go light.  One con: I got a cookie and while it was delicious, I am not sure it was made there, and I really am a huge fan of cookies which are made on site.
4	I'm basically a chain-hater (well, I dont hate them, but I try to avoid them).Capriottis is an exception.This delicious sandwich shop has some of the best sandwiches I've  had for the type of establishment that it is: a chain sandwich shop.The Bobbie, which is made of freshly roasted turkey (I've seen the big hunks that didn't get chopped), cranberry sauce, stuffing and a hint of mayo is fabulous!The capastrami is a delightful combination of hot pastrami, swiss cheese, russian dressing and cole slaw, and wonderful in taste.You can choose the size of sandwich you want, as well!Capriotti's also has salads, and a host of other sandwhich selections, which are consistently delicious and fresh.Their personnel are very friendly, the prices are very reasonable, and it can be the best quick sandwich you've ever had...you just have to go!
4	What an odd feeling to see Capriotti's in the bright sunshine of Scottsdale 25 years after getting take out from Capriotti's back in grungy old Delaware. The juxtaposition was at first a bit off-putting, but I drove right in and enjoyed a Capastrami sandwich just like it was yesterday. Only this time I got to walk out into the sunshine of Arizona vs. out into another rainy or cloudy day back east. It's a lot pricier than the old days, but still pretty darn good.
4	I have purchased many sandwiches from this Capriotti's location, specifically,  I love the Italian Combo.  I am writing to apologize to Capriotti's for my unfaithfulness.  Today I was on 33rd Street and Bell shopping at Harbor Freight with my husband and saw a place called Jimmy John's.  I had heard that they were also a sandwich shop and competitors to Capriotti's.  So despite the fact that I adore Capriotti's sandwiches, I strayed.  I bought Jimmy John's version of Capriotti's italian combo.  I asked for it with hot peppers just as I do at Capriotti's.  When I started to eat it at home, I noted that I did not like the texture of the bread.  I also noted that the amount of cold cuts was much less than Capriotti's not to mention the fact that it was missing the all important pepperoni.  Capriotti's sandwich has ham that has a black pepper crust around it as well making it super delicious.  Jimmy John's did give me hot peppers, but all in all I did not enjoy the sandwich from JJ's.  I was unfaithful Capriotti's.  Forgive me.I succumbed to the closeness of the Jimmy John's store, intoxicated by the fact that the sandwich was cheaper, by the niceness of the employees and by the fact that I didn't have to wait for my sandwich.  I was wrong.  I should have been more faithful, more disciplined, less impulsive.  Forgive me Capriotti's--- I will never do this again!!!! I shall be faithful from now on.
1	I don't know who voted them the best sandwich shop in America, but I can guess that they...1. Don't have taste buds2. Have only ever had sandwiches from this place, nowhere else3. Have endless amounts of money.For two sandwiches and one drink, it cost me $15. Ridiculous. I wouldn't have been so annoyed had it been a good sandwich, but it was the worst sandwich I've ever had. The bread was comparable to cafeteria bread, the tuna salad was nothing but mayo and tuna, the lettuce tasted and looked old, the cheese was tasteless and stiff, and the tomato (read: a single slice of tomato) was sliced so thin that they might as well have not even bothered putting it on the sandwich. I'm actually quite surprised that I didn't get food poisoning.My only advice is to head over to Whole Foods and spend a fraction of the cost on a much better and fresher sandwich.
4	Sandwiches are very above average in taste, but they are on the spendy side.
1	Terrible first experience! I  ordered a sandwich for delivery to my work, I didnt have time to run out to grab something.  The sandwich was made completely wrong, i requested certain veggies/condiments and none were included but others i did not ask for were put on. I dont eat mayo, and the sandwich was drenched in mayo.  So this sandwich went straight into the trash.  I will never order from again.
2	I had the Bobbie. All the best sandwich in America bragging just made this mediocre sandwich seem that much worse. Dry turkey, rubbery bread. It wasn't so bad I didn't finish it, but I won't be coming back. If you can't get to an actual deli, then any other chain sandwich shops beat this place.
1	I ordered the homemade turkey sandwich and I got lettuce tomatoes cheese and pulled turkey thrown in shabbily between two slices of bread. The messiest and most unappealing looking sandwich I ever ate. Tasteless too. Don't even bother eating here. I'm sure Walmart, which is at a walking distance from this place, can make a better sandwich.
5	Great meatball sub.   Or get the bobby"........
5	My husband brought me here.  Here after he had been a couple times and he knew exactly what we were going to have...the 20" cheese steak with sweet peppers, hot peppers and mushrooms.  We of course split it.  It was awesome.  One of the best cheese steaks I have ever had.  It doesn't seem to be that busy in the evening, which is when we went.  That was nice, we didn't have to stand in line and got our food right away.  This place is nice change from the usual.
1	My office moved to the area so I was driving around and saw the sign " Best Sandwich...." Um, no. If you want, I can come in there and show you how to cook a Chicken Cheese steak. First, don't wrap it up and let the sandwich sweat and make the bun soft and chewy. Second, put some meat on there. It was 50% bun.  It should be toasted and crunchy. And price, a 12" chicken cheese chips and drink was $13..are you kidding me. For that price, I was hoping for the best I ever had. Change it up Capriottis or the word will get out and it will all be over in this very tough market.
1	***AVOID THIS SANDWICH SHOP***First of all the main reason to not support this Capriottis is the poor management/ownership. If you care about being treated right as a customer, being valued for your business and overall being treated respectfully by a business... DO NOT GO HERE.Here's my story...Capriotti's food in general as a chain sub shop can be very good. In fact I have ate there several times in the past, mostly from another location. But it is more expensive as some of the other posters have remarked. (So you'd like to get what you pay for correct? Certainly you can... BUT NOT HERE)This location created a texting system for deals etc.. (I believe to drum up business when it's slow). They say in it "UPSIDE ANY SANDWICH to a 20: FOR THE PRICE OF A SMALL". I phone order, come in expecting to pay for a small and get ther large as advertised in their text. Not only did they NOT HONOR their own promotion. When the owner/manager got into it with me. He absolutely understood the confusion but WOULD NOT HONOR THE TEXT??? I asked him whether he'd rather lose return customers and have bad business in the future over his mistakes rather than rectify them on this one time basis. He had no interest in making things right. As I've read from other posters from a while back this ownership has no clue and hopefully we will all stand and let him know that businesses like this shouldn't be rewarded.
3	I work in an office nearby and we order from Capriotti's several times a month.  I usually get the Philly Cheesesteak and I really enjoy it.  You can order online and they give options of different things you can add at no charge or at a very minimal charge.  Their ordering system is good, the price is acceptable and the food is very tasty.  The delivery is an extra $1, but is worth it as I would rather chop off my own arm than drive around this area at lunch time.  Okay, that may be a bit of an exaggeration, but not by much.  We'll be ordering from them again in the next week or so, I'm sure.
1	I only write reviews on Yelp to help people save their money.Ten bucks for a small sandwich and a drink.  "The Bobbie" which is supposed to be their signature sandwich is cold shredded turkey (maybe a 2 oz portion at most) cold stove top stuffing and cold cranberry sauce smushed in a rubbery piece of bread.  No sides!  If my co worker wasn't the one who picked this up and I was eating it inside the restaurant, I would march up to the counter and ask for a refund.  My toddler could make this better in his sleep.  Of all the years working in Scottsdale, this is hands down, the biggest ripoff for lunch.  How they are still in business after a year is beyond me.  GARBAGE.
4	Went here last week and had a capastrami sandwich on the recommendation of a friend. It was really good and the people were very cool. Something about good pastrami and coleslaw with Russian dressing that is just awesome. There are alot of nice choices in this part of Scottsdale and this place will be one of my favorites.
5	Amazing sandwhich joint. A must go place to eat!
2	Sandwiches are good but for the price it's not that good...3 subs and 3 drinks for over $30???? I think I will stick with subway...this place isn't that good and when you order a cheese steak sandwich why do you have to add the veggies they normally come with and pay extra???? The owner needs to get a clue!!! You aren't that good to charge these inflated prices...bring them down a bit and see your clientele grow!!
3	On our receipt from yesterday's visit, we noticed: "Tell Us About Your Experience?" I blinked at the following question: "Please tell us why you were not Highly Satisfied? Be as specific as you would like?"Here was my cut 'n paste response:"Please know, there are many choices in the area for sandwiches.  Jimmy John's, Corleone's, Jersey Mikes, Vermont Sandwich, just to name a few; along with Al's Beef and Luke's of Chicago (next door).  We rec'd a text upsize message and decided to give you another try.  "On our first visit, the meat (roast beef) on your Slaw Be Jo was dark brown.  On our second visit, there was garbage on the floor. I still have the pictures and your employees did nothing, when I told them about it.  It was in the Prep area btw. "Last night, we ordered two upsized sandwiches which were very good... Meatball & the Bobbie, along with one drink.  But, $18.26 seems at least $4 too high and that is taking into account a larger sandwich.  I really, really want to like your place, but I find it hard given the above."Okay, here's a funny aside...  At the end of their questionnaire, they asked which social media do I use.  The usual suspects were there, such as Facebook, Twitter, My Space (who uses My Space anymore?) and Fick'er, but no Yelp.  I had to write Yelp as "other". D'oh!!
5	Best Cheese steak ever. Service with a smile and quality meat and buns!!
5	Delicious!!! Little pricey but worth it!
4	The sandwiches are excellent and decently meaty.  I haven't tried any other items, but will in the future based on the quality of the sandwiches.  Service is friendly and efficient.
4	Capriottis came into the local market not too long after I moved here from Vegas.  I was very happy to see them here as I need to feed my Sandwich addiction from time to time.  This location is the nicest and largest Capriotti's I've ever seen....and I love it!I had the 12" Italian Sandwich w/Hot Peppers, $8.49 and added Chips for $.99.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/capriottis-sandwich-shop-scottsdale?select=EyClKSbI5ui45ICOgtZN8w#EyClKSbI5ui45ICOgtZN8whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/capriottis-sandwich-shop-scottsdale?select=2VZnwSnZBXzZq-S1FwglWw#2VZnwSnZBXzZq-S1FwglWwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/capriottis-sandwich-shop-scottsdale?select=C4MUzxU6nmBQbWBk-Y20tw#C4MUzxU6nmBQbWBk-Y20twThe Sandwich tasted just like the Sandwiches in Vegas...so it's consistent across their stores.  My favorite topping is the Hot Peppers....they're legitimately hot, which is how I like it.  I can't stand it when Sandwich shops advertise "Hot" Peppers when in fact they're really mild.The employees here are friendly and keep the place clean.Return Factor - 90%
2	I came here today because I was in the area, and figured it was time to try some Capriotti's. It was my first time eating their sandwiches, so I figured, what the heck, I'll give them a shot.The menu has tons of options, and they have a few different sized subs, 9 inches being the smallest.  That's pretty darned big!  I went with a 9 inch Slaw Be Jo, and it came with meat, Russian dressing, coleslaw, mayo and roast beef.  The sandwich itself was okay, but I felt like it was missing something..it tasted kind of dry. I wanted to ask for more dressing, but after about getting half way through, I figured decided not to. I think the sandwich needs to come with some kind of dressing, prefereably Italian. It came across as somewhat dry.Overall, prices were a okay.  $6.99 for the sandwich, $1.59 for drinks plus some tax, and the total was $9.35.  Not bad. I will say I wasn't impressed overall, but it wasn't the worst sandwich I had.  I feel like there's other sandwich shops in the area that serve similar but better sandwiches that might be worth trying before hitting up this place.
3	Very little to enjoy at Capriottis, outside of the turkey that they roast themselves.  However, after doing so they shread the beast and pile modest amounts of it on indifferent rolls, add insipid stuffing and cloying-sweet cranberry sauce.I don't expect that much out of a sub shop, and Capriottis is only a mild disappointment.  The only plus is value -- the sandwiches are large.  Get a 12-inch and share it.  You won't want more.
5	AWESOME SANDWICH SHOP! It reminds me of Bruchis in my home town. My boyfriend is from Delaware which is where Capriottis is based so I'd been eager to try it from everything he had told me. Capriottis certainly didn't disappoint! We split both the cheesesteak and The Bobbie (Capriottis is famous for this sandwhich- shredded moist turkey, chunky cranberry sauce and homemade cornbread stuffing on flaky bread). And if you're really hungry the large size is 18 INCHES!!!I'm absolutely hooked!
4	I loved the sandwiches at the Mesa Capriottis, so I decided to try one of the North Scottsdale locations for lunch. I phoned in my order, and although it was a little hard to understand the gentleman on the phone becausehewastalkingreallyfastlikehowIamwriting, I had no problems getting my order in. When I arrived, my sandwiches hadn't been made quite yet, but it didn't take too long for them to finish making them. The "small" 9 inch size is huge! If I weren't such a pig, I could have been satisfied with half of my small size sandwich. I love their faux turkey sandwiches, so I went for the regular vegetarian turkey sandwich. The ingredients were fresh, and while I liked the cole-turkey version better, it was pretty good, and especially refreshing for a hot summer day!The soda fountain has Pepsi products, and has diet Mountain Dew as well as diet Pepsi.Overall, a good choice for a sandwich.
4	Great place for lunch bunch to get a good sandwich.  Salads are not bad either.
5	Good sandwiches at decent prices, considering the portion size. Friendly staff, clean restaurant. My favorites are the Italian, Capistrami and the meatball sub. 9" sub is plenty for one person, 12" is big enough to share. The Bobbie is good as well, fresh roasted and pulled turkey. I was told they roast 3-6 turkeys overnight, ever night. Can't get much fresher than that!
2	This was my 3rd visit to this location. The previous 2 visits were very satisfactory. This last time, however, you guys were really off your game. My ham sandwich on kaiser roll was half empty! Half the meat, no condiments to speak of(???) and the roll was turning stale. The manager(s) need to concentrate on re-training and quality control.
4	I go here every chance I get! Usually eat the Italian sausage sandwich, loaded and it never fails to satisfy like those sandwiches I had yesteryear growing up in Iowa(Raymond's in Clear Lake). Give it a shot, they have a large menu and fast service!
4	If you are going here, I'd suggest getting the Bobbie. That might make this a bit of a one trick pony for a sub place, but it is a good trick.The Bobbie is turkey, cranberry, stuffing and mayo in a sub roll.  Turkey is great.  Cranberry good, though could have been spread more evenly.  The roll was soft and fresh.  Only complaint is the stuffing.  A good stuffing, possibly a oyster stuffing would put this bad boy over the top.This is a post thanksgiving style comfort food beast.  Not a killer Italian sub with premium meats and toppings.  But it is a feast worthy of a pilgrimage when the craving hits.
3	We were lured to this sandwich shop by the giant banner out front declaring they have the BEST SANDWICHES IN AMERICA.  Quite a bold statement that we had to test out. I got the capastrami and she got the cheesesteak.Verdict: not the best sandwich in America. They forgot my order.... I had to ask about my sandwich 10 min after she got hers. Sandwich was good, but nothing to go out of my way for.I will probably not be returning.
4	Got their chicken cheesesteak sandwich which I was happy to see since I don't eat beef.  Not the best one I've ever had (phillies best in CA is best outside Philly) but pretty good. The hot peppers were actually spicy.  Loved that! Friendly service.
1	Wednesday, August 20th was a sad day for me.  The sandwich shop which I adored and the sub that I worshipped are no longer what they used to be.  Bought two cold italian combos  and took them home to hubby.  We were going to watch a special TV show and really enjoy ourselves with our sandwiches and beers.  Upon unraveling the sandwiches from the wrapper, we noticed that the cold cuts, formerly thinly sliced were thickly sliced-- so unappealing.  Being from the east coast, the mantra at the deli was always:  "Slice it thin".  The layers and layers of thin cold cuts and cheese made it so delectable.   I  also noticed that the cappicola was almost non-existent.  The lettuce was overdressed such that the bread was soaked wet  by the time I got home.  The tomatoes were like cardboard  so I threw them away (I hate throwing out food-it's unholy but I just couldn't eat them).  Hubby was so disgusted with the sandwich that he wouldn't eat it (neither would I for that matter) .  I ended up cooking and the next day I threw out the sandwiches which I had refrigerated in the hopes that they would somehow improve over time.  So here I am, knowing that I'll never have a Capriotti sandwich like the one they used to make and which had me looking forward to every bite.What happened Capriotti?????
4	Great sandwiches! My go to is always the philly cheese steak but the Bobbie is always delicious if you're jonesin' for that thanksgiving taste.
4	Friendly counter people, delicious bread, fine deli cheese and lots of great veggie options.Really nice service even though I always come in about half an hour before closing.
4	Capriottis reminds me a lot of Jimmy Johns. Basic sandwhiches that are delicious. I had there Steak Sandwhich and it came out to me steaming hot. It was really good and well worth checking out. I will be back.
3	Two outta three aint bad, right?  Went in with my mom and my daughter, and of the three sandwiches we ordered, the Italian and the Cheesesteak (without cheese, btw...) were much better than my Capastrami.  We all ordered mediums, which were huge, and we were able to savor the leftovers for dinner.  The unfortunate thing was that the cole slaw and/or the Russian dressing were too sweet for me.  I'm sure some people will say otherwise, but to be safe, ask for them on the side.  There's a lot of both, which kinda makes the sandwich soggy.  Other than the overly sweet Capastrami, the other two were pretty tasty.  A definite second chance is on the horizon.
4	To start, I've never actually been inside to place our order someone in the house usually brings home what we want so my review is mostly for the food. However, my family has said that all the people are very, very nice, throw in some extras and are helpful!I have had the Homemade Turkey, Awesome! It really is thanksgiving turkey. I recommend that and also the meatball sub. Both very tasty. I have had the cheesesteak and I must say was not only lacking flavor but also they skimped on the meat! I mean come on, a cheesesteak should be satisfying and filling but where was the meat? It was all bread. Plus, it comes with white american cheese which I do not eat on a cheesesteak so I substituted it for provolone. They only offer provolone, white american or swiss. It would be nice if they offered cheddar for the kids and mozzarella. The bread is fresh, soft with a little bit of a toast to it. Very good. My son loves the kids turkey sandwich meal. The bread is great and the veggies are always fresh. You can definitely see the quality of ingredients and how fresh everything is. The guys even once threw in an extra juice box at no charge when they found out it was for a hungry little growing boy! Very cool you guys ;)
4	Capriottis sandwiches are incredible.  I've been there many times and still venture back to their hot pastrami.  It's just so good.  The prices aren't terrible considering you get a 9" sub, a drink and a bag of chips for $10.50.  It's not subway for-gosh-sakes.  I love capriottis.  Their hot sandwiches are my go to.  pastrami.
5	LOVE the capistrami - my FAVORITE sandwich of all times.
5	So freaking good!! Seriously, I could eat the Bobby everyday of my life. They use turkey breast like thanksgiving turkey and its amazing! Their customer service is great and they are crazy fast!
5	This place makes the best subs in Scottsdale. I especially enjoy their "Bobbi" sandwich, this bad boy is loaded with everything you enjoy at your Thanksgiving feast. Shop is very well kept and stocked with friendly personnel. I highly recommend.
5	The Capastrami is the best and most unique I've ever had.  Staff is friendly and helpful.
4	I really love the variety that Capriottis offers, especially with their focus on using Thanksgiving-esque ingredients in their selections. The Cran Slam club is an unbeliveably delicious combination of ham, turkey and cranberry sauce that I would recommend hands-down as the number 1 menu item to anyone giving Capriottis a shot for the first time.Honestly I haven't been blown away by the more standard menu items (I've had a tuna sandwich and turkey sub that were both so-so) but the Capriottis originals more than make up for the less spectacular alternatives.
4	We discovered Capriotti's when we were looking for a vegetarian-friendly place to have lunch before a game at Scottsdale Stadium. What a great find! I hope we can someday hope to have a Capriotti's near our home in Santa Cruz, CA!It's rare (read "virtually unheard of") to find a sandwich shop that does much more for vegetarians than a basic veggies and cheese sandwich, so we were astounded to have the additional options of veggie turkey with cheese, veggie turkey cole, and a veggie chicken cheese steak! The Capriotti's here uses veggie turkey made by Worthington's/Loma Linda, which any long-term vegetarian can tell you makes the best meat analogs in the business (in fact, my husband and I special order Worthington's canned chili by the case...it's just that good).I had the veggie turkey cole, and it was really good...lots of yummy veggie turkey piled on a fresh sub roll (They have really good bread! Much better than Subway!) with provolone, cole slaw, and Russian dressing. My husband had the cheese steak, and was very pleased with his as well, though he did say that next time he would ask for it with more mayo.I'm definitely a fan, and will definitely look out for Capriotti's when we travel!
1	I had lunch ordered in for a business meeting 2 times.  The first time, about 3 weeks ago, the delivery was about 1 hour late, but the food was very, very good.  So I thougth to try again for another business meeting.  Again the delivery was late, but only by about 20 minutes, but this time the food was not so good.  The cheese steaks, both chicken and beef were totally lacking cheese onions and mushrooms.  And they completely left off the sweet peppers that were ordered.  And, they forgot one of the sandwiches.   The lack of organization, knowledge, and customer service when we called them was incredible.  I won't order from them again.
5	Great. Just ate at the one in scottsdale downtown and ordered a steak sandwich. I have a big appetite and the medium size was huge and just right. Good sandwich. I recommend. Now if they could make some cheese fries with gravy that would just be even better. hint
4	Don't waste your time on any other sandwich than the cole-turkey.  Coleslaw, russian dressing, provolone, and fresh/REAL roasted turkey, all on a hearty roll.  Portions are huge, pricing is moderate, and otherwise this is just your average sandwich joint.
5	Good God, the Capastrami was the best damn sandwich I have had in recent memory. The Bobbie was nothing to scoff at either. If you love sandwiches then you CANNOT pass on this spot.
5	This is my favorite sub shop in the Valley.  Excellent bread, fresh ingredients, ok price, online ordering, and fast/friendly service.  You can't go wrong with the Capastrami or Cole-turkey.  I can't wait to return.
1	I ordered from this location hearing AMAZING reviews, but was beyond disappointed. I was having a going away meeting catered by them and the order came an hour LATE!! Then once we went over our meals half of them were missing items and then the other half were on HARD bread and had barely any "fixings" in them... I was incredibly embarrassed and cant imagine how they let an order of such poor quality leave their shop! I had called through out the waiting process asking about the progress of the order etc and then once we had received our order I had called and talked to the manager to discuss my dissatisfaction; he was vary gracious and understanding and agreed that it was sub-par and offered to send me an email stating that our next order would have a significant discount... and was supposed to receive that email that day... Did I get the promised email? NO... So I called the next day asking about it and they said they would resend it and had no contact info for me (what happened to the documentation from my online order?!?!) Well I still haven't heard back from them on this...So disappointed!!DON'T USE THEM TO CATER YOUR BUSINESS MEALS!!
4	I think this wins as my #1 favorite place for a sub. As a vegetarian it can be hard finding amazing creative subs that aren't just veggies and cheese.I have tried the regular Vegetarian turkey, the Veggie Cheese Steak, and OMG the Veggie Cole Turkey. The Veggie Cole Turkey= life changing. The combination of tofurkey, cole slaw, cheese, and Russian dressing is absolutely fantastic. This place is great for sandwiches that are a little out of the ordinary, which I love.They would have 5 stars based solely off food, but I had to knock one off due to service. I have had my order screwed up multiple times here. Like they have given me the completely wrong sandwich more than once. Also I don't know if he is still there, but there was a cashier there who really gave me the creeps for some reason.Oh, and if you choose to be on their texting list, they will send you deals all the time. Usually a free upgrade to a larger sandwich size, or free chips/cookie/drink.Overall this place is great. I will certainly continue to be a return customer!
3	I found Capriotti's from here on Yelp looking for delivery for lunch at work. Normally I go to Corleones for my cheesesteak, but they're delivery is usually around an hour wait, and I was HUNGRY.I called Capriotti's to find out how long the delivery time was, and they said only a half hour. PERFECT. I ordered an "...award winning Cheese Steak" excited to try it. I added onions and bell peppers, a bag of chips, and patiently waited.20- 30 minutes later they arrived with my food, which is MUCH quicker than most deliveries in the area. The delivery driver was VERY nice, and quick.The 12" was MUCH bigger than i had assumed, it's a lot of food! I was pleasantly surprised to find that the bread was a delicious baguette style and it looked delicious! I began devouring my sandwhich, and about two bites in, I realized it was lackluster. The steak they use tasted like it was not seasoned during cooking and tasted like plain old steak. It was a bit bland. It was definitely tender though, which is always a good thing, and I commend them on that because tender steak for cheesesteak is very difficult to do. The cheese was kind of blah, and I much prefer the cheese wiz most places use, but it wasn't bad. All I had to do was add some fresh ground salt and pepper and it spruced it up IMMENSELY.Overall the food wasn't bad, and I appreciate the FAST delivery. Two recommendations, get cheese wiz ( I understand a lot of people don't like this and that it is a personal preference.) and season the hell out of your meat; possibly even marinade it.I shall resume my search for the "Best Cheesesteak in Metro Phoenix"
4	Just a heads up, their online ordering system may be having some issues, and if you don't create an account to order online, your order may never go through.It only takes 2 minutes to create an account, and it's worth it.After eating Jimmy John's religiously, I decided to try something new that I hadn't tried before - Capriotti's. I am a sucker for Italian-style sandwiches at all kind of shops like this, so I ordered the Grilled Italian sandwich.Delivery estimated time was 12:40, and my sandwich got here at about 1 p.m., so 20 minutes late, but hey, it got here, so I guess I can't complain too much.Even the smallest size is HUGE! Overall, the sandwich is good. Could use some lettuce, but there is a good amount of meat and cheese to make it good. I added mayo (weird, maybe?) to add some sauciness to it, and honestly, I'm glad I did. I feel like it would've been dry without it, even with the Italian oils.Would definitely try again!
4	Being from the East coast I used to love this back so I was thrilled when they opened one in Scottsdale. They have really good sandwiches, they claim to deliver but anytime I've asked (which has been on more than one occasion) they won't which is lame as they have cards specifically stating that when you visit a capriotti's. Food is super good, a little pricey but I do think you're getting decent quality ingredients. Wish they actually delivered as they claimed then they'd get that fifth star. Still, they are one of my favorite sandwich spots.
3	I definitely like Capriotti's, but there's something lacking in the flavor department. Salt. To me, the bread tastes very bland, as does the turkey and stuffing on the Bobbie sub. When you have a bunch of cranberry sauce on a sandwich, you need to balance the sweetness with something. I still like it because it's very unique, but I wish they could incorporate some sodium in the cooking/baking processes. I'd probably be a regular if this was corrected. Sprinkling salt on after the fact just isn't the same.Besides the Bobbie, I also tried the Slaw-Be-Jo which was very good (despite the bland bread). It is also a sweet sub with the Russian dressing, so it could use some balance as well.
4	Very nice sub and lots of it.Very nice service.Honestly, I'm at the point of "you serve food and are making me feel less stressed rather than more so -- DO THAT THING."A small sub is a substantial nine inches (that sounds dirty), which I consider to be enough for later (that sounds dirty, too).
1	Totally underwhelming, tried it twice. They are in the same category as run of the mill sub shops like subway or cousins in my opinion. Same basic bread. If you are starving and want some food, fine, but if do not make a special trip. I was disappointed.
