5	Delicious. This high-end sushi bar in a wealthy area is some of the freshest around. Fancy marble bar with plasma TV. Friendly service and nice atmosphere make this a very enjoyable experience.
4	Love this place.  Great sushi, friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere.  Repeat customer...of course!
2	My friends from NV talked about this place during my vacation stay, so I figured to give it a try and see how it is.Honestly, this restaurant was just okay. They have a TV mounted on the wall with a good amount of seating inside. Something worth mentioning is they have this "all you can eat sushi" special for $25 and that's including a complimentary ice cream dessert. My two friends decided to go for this deal, but I decided to just get a regular entree instead. The prices are a little on the high side especially for the quality of the food. It's a decent restaurant but I would still look elsewhere if possible.
2	To my utter dismay, this is the only sushi place in Southern Highlands area.  We went on a weeknight and it was jam packed so our expectations were pretty high.  Their service was good but it doesn't make up for their sub par food.  The cucumber salad, edamame, and every roll we tried did not taste fresh at all.  Thank goodness we didn't do the "all you can eat" special.  One thing's for sure - this place was an Xtreme disappointment with a capital X.
5	This is personally the best sushi place I have ever eaten at in Las Vegas. The service is great and their employees are very friendly. They have some very unique rolls as well. Namely the Volcano Roll, Japanese Lasagna, and Jojo's Poki Roll just to name a few. I highly recommend paying for the all you can eat because you get unlimited appetizers, rolls, several entrees and dessert all for $25. Another plus for the all you can eat is that you can order half sizes of the rolls.
4	I have been lucky to have gone to Japan and Xtreme sushi has the best fish quality in Las Vegas for an all you can eat restaurant! I don't do the enormous rolls that has a concoction of ingredients, but traditional Japanese food is simple and delicate. Although all you can eat sushi is not traditional, Xtreme sushi's fresh quality in fish is close to traditional for me...I always have the all you can eat because I love the Nigiri and I can't get enough of it! The quality of the yellowtail is so fresh and deelish that it just melts in your mouth.  The quality of red snapper with a thin slice of jalapeno is just a raucous delicacy of deliciousness! It is definitely better than sushi mon! They don't over feed you with the rice when serving nigiri! Besides, you cannot go wrong when everything on the menu is all you can eat including entrees! It is very good and worth the $26 per person!
1	The food quality and services were excellent before end of 2009.  As the new year 2010 begins, services is horrible with new management staff.  In addition, all you can eat is no longer all you can eat, since there is no uni available and sweet shrimp is limited to one order per person.  BUT, you were not notified about the limitation until you place your second order.  The explanation for it was since we are under new management, we are revising our menu BUT verbally instead of indicating on the menu.    I don't even know how long I have waited for my order.  All I know is I can finish this comment via iPhone.
1	I love to eat sushi and all Japanese foods.  I try them at difference restaurant and different chief.  A good dinning experience is not only about the food but also the customer service.  I heard some good reviews about this restaurant.  Therefore, we went to the restaurant and gave it a try.  However, it's been a disappointment.First of all, their food is okay.  it's not particular better than another Japanese restaurant. Although they said it's all-you-can-eat, you can only have one Uni per customer.  I can understand that. However, they didn't even have it tonight and they won't even let us know while we are ordering it.  Moreover, one waitress suddenly tell us a new policy: additional sushi such as sweet shrimp are now only limit one per customer as well.  This "new policy" was not even show on the menu at all. One of the waitress was quiet impolite. The deliver time took a bit longer. In addition, some food we ordered were lost and never delivered.  It's lucky that it's "all-you-can-eat" (sort of). Otherwise, we might get charged more than we ordered.After we tried it in person, I can tell you that this was not a good experience. I hope that they should be clear with the policy and treat each customer the same.  Until I hear some improvement from fellow Yelpers, I prefer to go other place.
5	I love sushi, Xtreme Sushi's quality in fish is by far the best that I have ever had and I've been all over, and still keep coming back for more, because I know every time I go in for dinner, it's always consistent, and the service is always nothing but courteous. I would have to say that my favorite is the Kayla roll, and the yoshi roll, they are worth the wait and the drive!! I also love the yum yum hand rolls with tempura crunch, the tuna poki and baked mussels, they are all fantastic. I would definately recommend this sushi restaurant to all my friends, and the best part is it's ALL YOU CAN EAT and are now open for lunch starting Jan 1st......YUMMY!!
5	This is one of my favorite Sushi restaurants here in Vegas by far & I've never had any problems or complaints. The owner/ head chef has a great sense of humor once u get to know him. The food is great to me & i love the fact i can get all you can eat with a nice variety of rolls. The appetizers are included in the all you can eat so i usually order a few orders of fried calamari in between rolls. The sake is great as well, and I use to eat there much more often when i lived down the street. Hmmm, just the thought got me thinking of a Friday night Sushi date with Extreme!
4	This is a great sushi restaurant!  My wife and I go here at least once a month.  We live close by and have gone to other sushi places around the area and this by far is the best one.  The rolls are creative and the fish is always fresh.  If you go try to sit at the bar.  The only draw back is that the service is very terrible.  I think every time we have gone there has been different employees.  So to avoid the terrible service sit at the bar and the two sushi chefs are always there to take of you.  Don't worry even though the service is terrible the food makes up for it!!  Great place!!!
3	Since i live down the street from this place me and the roomies decided one night to try it. The place is small but the decor was kinda cool. The rock inlayed tables were very stylish and on the cold night having free miso soup was a bonus. We sat near the kitchen.. ahem we smelled something that wasn't legal... a) sake, for cheap sake it was goodb) the fatty tuna was SOOO goodc)the fried ice cream was the best and we licked our plates. The only major problem i have with this place is that it's so small. I've tried coming back with friends but there was no space.
5	After going to Maru Korean BBQ for their new AYCE Sushi....I was absolutely flabbergasted!  Seriously! Limited sushi for AYCE is absurd! Xtreme Sushi, Thank you for not having limited items on your AYCE! You are my Xtreme ultimate favorite until I meet your match!I love Xtreme!
3	Pretty run of the mill AYCE sushi. We only went here because we were at The M and the buffet there was closing in an hour.  My eyes were bigger than my stomach of course and still ended up stuffing myself to the gills.  I should've went to Barcelona instead.
4	For me this is the best AYCE  in town i have tried all the usual ones but always like to make the trek from centennial hills to southern highlands for this place they inlcude the whole menu except sashimi  lots of appitezeres and salads and tons of rolls the fish is freah and clean tasting AYCE is priced well and their not clock watchers i always bring friends from out of town here and we sit for at least 2 hours drinking and eating without getting the look of no more lolonly thing is service is kinda spotty dont always get everything you order but hey its AYCE so jus order it again another this is the place is small but their open till 12am make the trip and try it youll like it
2	I was a bit disappointed with this place. I came here last year loving it and I decided to try this place again. Did anyone notice that the sushi roll rice was premade? They had stacks of these made.....granted there are only 2 sushi chefs, but still how long does it take to put some rice on seaweed? The fish was dry, the rolls all tasted the same and there was just TOO much sauce. The only saving grace was the sakitini. The mango flavored sakitini was too strong for me, but the rasberry one was good. I wanted to like it, but I just wasn't all that in to it.
2	We went back again on 5/16/10 because we really like their food.  Also, they allow half-order.  However, there was no uni again, and it wasn't mentioned to us until we placed the order.  I guess if we do go back again, we have to ask before we sit down.
3	So i live within walking distance from here, and well, when there's sushi around the corner... how can i not bless this place with my presence!? Haha, well all i can say is that this place has some of the best appetizers and a few good rolls, but service and timing of food needs a lot of work! I always go with my boyfriend so we can talk and pass the time, but one time the waitress totally forgot about us! On top of that, none of the other servers even winced when they saw our table empty, no drinks, no nothin'! We had to flag someone down just to put in our orders. Also, another incident, an entire family practically took up the entire sushi bar, were seated 30 minutes after us, and somehow got to eat before my boyfriend and i! I understand the concept of the bar and all, but. man, that's a little outrageous. Luckily, our young waitress did acknowledge us and asked if we needed anything while waiting. If it weren't for the decent food, i would have rated lower, but hey, some days.. it's worth the wait.
5	Ever since I moved from Hawaii I'm always on the lookout for something similar to Kuru Kuru from back home...therefore, I'm always looking for something deliciously cheap and with hugemangous portions --- YES, I SAID HUGEMANGOUS!My friend, who's a sushi chef @ Marssa, kept telling me that Xtreme Sushi by my house was his favorite spot and I kept thinking he must be crazy cuz it's off strip and in a still developing area; AND I couldn't believe a place near my house was THAT good (let it be known that Southern Highlands is in dire need of foodie spots).I should've listened to him a long time ago...I'M AN IDIOT!ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT lunch special is at 12-3 and it's UNDER $20!!! I think dinner is around $24, which is average. And it really is all you can eat! Like, EVERYTHING ON THE MENU!!!!!! E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G. (except sashimi) But, there's appetizers, specialty rolls, curry, soba, ramen; I can go on & on & on...And trust me, I tried eating on & on &on... The pieces of unagi were hugemangous..the same for the yellowtail =) And the sushi tasted so fresh. It's like they have the ocean in the backyard and they catch the stuff right before serving! Unbelievable. The specialty rolls were ahhhhh-maaaa-zing! And you can order smaller portions with pieces of 4 so, you can SAMPS more rolls. My favorites were the Kayla and some unagi roll which was crisp on the inside and outside.After this lunch feast, I was done. SPOILED! I absolutely cannot eat at any other spot than this...EVEN SUSHIMON SUCKS in comparison. Believe it.Now, I tell all my friends, I don't want to eat at another sushi spot if I know I can get all-you-can-eat ridiculously hugemangously yummy sushi here!Do yourself a favor and SAMPS this place! And if you're eating lunch here, LET ME KNOW, I'll meet you. I am always looking for an excuse to eat up.... =)
5	The BEST sushi in town! I love this place....always great sushi and everything else on the menu is awesome too. I cannot eat for days before I go to all you can eat because I know I am going to murder that scene! LOLIf you have not tried Xtreme sushi your Xtremely missing out :)
5	I just love Xtreme Sushi! This time the chefs were different, since the normal chef/owner was his day off (he is our favorite).  However the chef we had was pretty good, a little slower than our normal chef but I am rating for quality of the nigiri sushi and the idea of AYCE of everything on menu (except sashimi of course and hamachi Kama) is fantastic! They only had 2 servers last night, but they did pretty well considering they were really and hectically busy. The restaurant was full and I noticed that they were forgetting someone's order, but obviously the customers patiently waited with out complaints.  They must be there for the same reason that we were, for the fresh quality of fish and AYCE of everything on menu! Appetizers:Fried Soft shell Crab - very good, crunchy and tastyFried Calamari - The BF's favorite, he is Italian and says that it's better than most Italian calamarisFried shumai and steamed shumai - I prefer the fried shumai than the steamedShrimp Tempura - love their tempura, this is when we noticed that the 2 servers were a little frazzled because it took a while for them to get our tempura sauce. I ate mine without the sauce and no complaints. Teriyaki Steak - The BF said that they put too much sauce, but the steak was really good.Baked Muscles - Oh goodness, can't have this without our sushi! I love the sauce especially when I slurp the muscle and sauce all in one breathe! It's so steamy hot and delicious!Nigiri Sushi -Yellowtail - Oh my gosh! We have never seen any chef take a whole fresh fish from the back and cut it how they are suppose to for Nigiri's. What a treat and pleasure to see! We ordered a total of 5 orders of fresh Hamachi and it was soooooo fresh and delicious! White Tuna - This is one of our favorites! It's so darn good that it just melts in your mouth! We had 4 orders.Red Snapper with slice of Jalapeno on top - We first discovered red snapper nigiri with the Jalapeno on top while we were in Cebu Philippines at our friend's restaurant. Ever since we fell in love and snapper with the spicy crunch of Jalapeno is just so damn good! We had 2 orders.Uni - I love love and it tasted so fresh and yummy, although my bf doesn't like it because of the texture.Surf Clam - This was okay, but I ate it anyway.Salmon  with avocado and smelt eggs on top - This was my BF's creation and I was so surprised how good this was! I even squeezed a little fresh lemon over it and it was awesome!! Smelt Eggs and Ikura - These were both good and fresh, when it is too fishy it's not so fresh but it was just right (we learned this from Japan)Unagi - It is as good as it gets, especially how they always listen when request for extra crispy.Salmon Skin Handroll - This is the only thing that was off. I guess it depends on the chef. It's usually crispy salmon skin, but he made it with the salmon meat and a little bit of skin which was not too crispy. Don't get me wrong, but it was still really good!Baked Scallops and salmon with Eel sauce and Siracha - This was my creation and it was really good! Amaebi with fried shrimp heads - Very fresh and sweet and a great combo with the crispy shrimp heads! I really wanted to try the rolls, especially because you can order half orders also with appetizers and nigiri! This is why I love Xtreme, because although there are rules, they don't disappoint me when I want to order little by little. Next time I have to try the special and Xtreme rolls in half orders, which comes in 4 rolls instead of 8!Still I haven't met your match, therefore I still love you Xtreme!
4	I must say, pretty good!!!  Everything including uni and hot green tea with matcha.  All u can eat for lunch is still $20.  Not sure about dinner.  Fresh, courteous and Japanese.
4	Xtreme Sushi is my favorite AYCE sushi spot in Vegas because you get tremendous service and consistent sushi.  Does Xtreme have the highest quality fish and chefs with immaculate knife skills?  Not really, but for 20 dollars you cannot go wrong with the value you get here.  The hostess is incredibly nice and the chefs are attentive/quick.  I usually go for lunch and it doesn't really get too crazy on weekdays.  Highly recommended
3	I guess they opened one in Henderson on Eastern by the 215.  I usually don't eat at a newly opened restaurant but my partner wanted to try it out.  I am a fan of sushi so who am I to complain.  You can tell that they were still getting all the kinks out with their servers.  Our server, actually confessed she isn't a connoisseur of sushi so she doesn't know what they look like.  I was like "Really?"  Why would you be a server if you don't know what you are serving?  We ordered our food and was not happy with the service.  We didn't order AYCE so I expected our food to come at the same time.  My partner got his sushis and I was left without any food.   I ordered a bento box that came with miso soup and salad.  They didn't bring the soup until I asked about it.  Don't get me wrong, the food was pretty good, most of all the grilled BBQ salmon that came with my bento box.  The thing that really somewhat made the experience unpalatable was the service.  They need to work out the kinks and I am sure the grade for this establishment will be higher.
5	I LOVE Xtreme Sushi :]Warm greetings are projected right as you walk in the door.My friend and I went today for the AYCE lunch deal and it was $20 per person until 3PM. After that, it counts as dinner and I believe it is $25. AYCE excludes sashimi, haha.We were seated immediately and decided that we were going to sit at the bar. Our server was great and every time we made eye contact and it looked like we were in need of something, she was there to help us. Our chef was very nice and he gave our orders out to us in a quick and timely manner. He tried to converse with us also and we had a few laughs together.Now the food!Appetizers- The miso soup was delicious and my favorite thing from the appetizer menu is the baked mussel! If you go there, definitely try it! I kept ordering it throughout our meal, hahaha. My BF loves gyoza and will order it anywhere we go but he said the ones here were delicious.Lasagna Roll: My most favorite roll EVER. I have tried many sushi places and this place definitely makes it to my liking the most. It comes out hot and delicious and since my appetite gets the best of me, I am not patient enough to wait for it to cool down xD Dragon Roll: My second favorite roll from the menu! All of the sauces on it were so good and I just kept wanting another order of it.Caterpillar Roll: That roll looks very cute and it tastes very good.Yoshi's Dynamite Roll: This roll was the yumyum scallops with different sauces and srircha on it. It was spicy but it was soooo good!King's Crest Roll: The BF ordered this roll and it was pretty huge so I let him have that all to himself, hahaha.We ordered more but those are the ones that really pop out. Our stomachs were definitely FULL by the time we were done but of course I did not pass up the chance to get some vanilla mochi ice cream :] Haha, this place will remain my one and only sushi place because it is worth every dollar.
4	This in my opinion is a top quality AYCE sushi restaurant in Las Vegas.  Even if it is really far from where I currently live in Las Vegas.  Driving out here is almost like driving back to California, you are near South Point Casino and M Resort.But if you are in the area, and looking to eat some of the very best sushi in Las Vegas, this is one of the spots I recommend you hit up.Pricewise, it is fairly reasonable.  $19.95 for AYCE lunch (until 3pm) and $25.95 for dinner.  Kids AYCE is priced at $11.95.  And you can order just about everything from their extensive menu (except sashimi and single orders on the regular items like uni, amaebi, etc.).The restaurant is on the small side, but the decor was nice. My friend thought it was better than Sushi Mon.Food was delicious, fish was fresh and fried items like calamari were baked just right (still moist and not overcooked and rubbery).  Service was pretty good for our group of 8. And we were not rushed or anything even though we were there for a good 2+ hours, eating, drinking, and eating some more.These are what I particularly enjoyed:* Teriyaki Beef (possibly one of the best in Las Vegas, perhaps a little sauced but the beef itself was great).* Calamari (prepared just right!)* Sushi Poki Salad (fish were fresh)* Fried Soft Shell Crab - so good we ordered seconds.* Baked Muscles - one of the better ones available in LV.* Uni, Hamachi and Super White Tuna - must have in my book.If you are in a large group, you will likely be automatically charged the 18% gratuity. Which is cool, since there appears to be no time limit to our AYCE dinner.If you have never tried Japanese food, this is the place for you to experiment with the sushi and other menu items. The option to order everything but the sashimi in the entire menu, is great for adventurous beginners to get a taste of everything and find out what they like or don't like.
5	I love, love, LOVE Xtreme Sushi. It's the best AYCE sushi I have ever tasted. Like previous Yelpers have stated, lunch is $20 and dinner is $25. Not bad, that's the usual so there's no surprise there. AYCE includes EVERYTHING on the menu except sashimi which is alright with me because I don't each much sashimi.I go here everytime I visit Vegas. I wish there was one in San Diego because after eating here, nothing really compares. SO IF THE OWNER OF XTREME SUSHI IS READING THIS, PLEASE OPEN ONE IN SAN DIEGO!!The employees are so nice and welcoming. The service is always great.One cool thing about this place is that you can order half orders of rolls and salads so you don't get full off of one roll or a full salad during your AYCE stay. I have never seen any other sushi place do that before.I would definitely give this place 10 stars if I could, but 5 is my limit. I highly recommend this place.
5	This place is awesome! I used to swear by Sushi-Mon, but I think this place is better. The fish is always super fresh and service is top notch. The owner is super friendly and always takes really good care of me. The menu is huge and their "Yoshi's Dynamite roll" is amazing! I've had sushi at the top restaurants at the Mirage, Venetian, and all over town, and this place blows them away for a fraction of the price. The only sushi I have found better then Xtreme is Nobu, but that is major bucks! I've been to Xtreme Sushi at least 20 times and I have never been disappointed.
5	Love this place! Haven't had anything I didn't like. The fish is fresh. Service is excellent. But I am a bit biased, my bf and I are regulars and have been going there since the beginning. Grateful that we have a GOOD Japanese sushi place (not Korean) nearby. We are however sushi connoisseurs and have been to many of the highly rated sushi places on yelp.
4	super small bldg, excellent food, ok service.i'm a regular here and it's strictly because of the food. the food is always delicious and worthy of five stars. the service, however, is wishy-washy. they always seem to be either understaffed or just slow with service. every rare while, the service is satisfactory. the place is nicely decorated, but tiny. it feels very cramped at any time of day, busy or not. it feels almost suffocating when they are at half capacity even.
2	This place is in our neighborhood, but I would rather drive miles away to have better sushi. We got there at 3:05pm and saw their sign for Lunch All You Can Eat for $19.99 and confirmed the price with the waitress... we sat down and the waitress took our order. The sushi was pretty bad (I've had better from Smith's deli) and our bill was for $55! She said since we got there 5 minutes after lunch that we were charged for the dinner price. It was our fault for not asking, but she should have mentioned it when we ordered.
5	Excellent  sushi for decent price! There are not too many sushi joint that makes decent sushi for my Japanese taste here in Vegas. I go there whenever I crave for sushi even though I live in Summerline.
5	bomb sushi!!!
4	This is my regular go to all you can eat sushi joint. The food here is always good (not amazing but consistently very good). I highly recommend the Nanning Roll, Sterling Roll, and the Radfar Roll (all have eel sauce or yum yum sauce on it... and are dang tasty). The service is ok. If you can chill and be patient with the staff....your experience will be much better. Takashi (I think that's his name) is the coolest sushi chef there and always remembers who you are....plus...if you ask him nicely...he will prepare a chef inspired roll for you that is ALWAYS tasty.  Xtreme Sushi will always be a staple of my diet. Yum yum :)
3	By far this place is very generous with their sushi, it's not just all rice.  Fish is fresh but not the highest quality but for AYCE it is good.  The appetizers were ok nothing wow but if you like a lot of sushi this is probably your best bet.  I love the fact that the owner is japanese and the chefs are japanese making the sushi and onigiri.  I might come back here if I crave a lot of sushi but my favorite so far is 808 hand down even my daughter who is really not that picky said 808 is also her favorite place and we go to a lot of sushi places in LA so now we decided to test out some of the sushi joins here.  808 you rock. xoxox
5	OMG...AHH-MAAAY-ZING!!!!! Wow wow wow....All you can eat for only $25 for dinner and you can order ANYTHING on the menu...ANYTHING!!! Holy Moly!!! I've never ever heard of that in a all you can eat sushi restaurant! I went with my Japanese friend (she would know best) and every single thing we ordered was absolutely incredible!! I highly highly recommend.....Baked Muscles screaming salad-deeeeelishall the Nigari sushia little tip i learned from my friend is that they want you to order the specialty rolls because they are fills with lots of stuff just to fill you up...stick with the Nigari! the fish was so so fresh! place is a little small so i recommend making reservations! Cant wait to go back Wednesday with my BF!!! He's gonna LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Dessert was awesome too!!!! Yay!!! Found my new fav Sushi spot!
5	This place is GREAT!!! and to top it off the price is decent.
4	This place is definitely a fave of mine.  It's fun to sit at the bar and drink sake with the owner/chef if you're eating solo or good for groups.  The saketini's are very sweet, the sake very strong. The presentation on everything is beautiful and the fish is always fresh.  My favorite roll here is Baked Fantasy it is so good I usually order two!  The last time I was there they had new servers and they were very attentive to my groups needs.  And yes like the last review Takashi will usually make a special roll not on the menu which is very unique :)
4	Ayce sushi includes everything. (I think it might be a weekend only thing.) Fresh food. This is my mom's local friend's favorite sushi place. I thought the service sucked but the food was good. It's rare to find places where full-on Japanese like the sushi being served so this is makes me happy. I like that you can get some of the Americanized stuff (dragon rolls, etc.) in a four piece set instead of an entire log. I like trying some of the weird rolls but don't want to make a meal of them. They have a lot of traditional Japanese nigiri that I like. The only thing is that if you get the AYCE sushi, you can only get one order each of the uni and ama ebi.
5	Omg! Awesome place. Best sushi joint in las vegas.haley and eddie the owner hook us up. They made us the "steroid roll" literally the size of my head. It has everything in it. Look for the pic. Worth the price. Great atmosphere great people. You need to come and check this place out.
2	Being Japanese from Hawaii, I grew up with sushi and Japanese food. This place was just okay. The Hawaiian poke was not too good. They mixed it with ocean salad which is kinda weird for poke, the fish was spongy and the poke sauce was weird tasting. They have a big selection of sushi, But the taste of it was just mediocre.  I wouldnt take my visitors there. If I'm going to eat sushi, I'll go to island sushi instead. They have the absolute best sushi!!
4	This place opened up a few years ago across from where I used to live.  I'm so glad it did! I love it here! My fiance and I found it hard to find a good sushi place near by,  We used to go to Hamada's on Flamingo, but it was quite pricey and just a far drive from Southern Highlands.  Needless to say this became our new sushi place.  And I just LOVE the chef there! He always remembers us when we come back even though we don't live in Vegas anymore!  The fish is always fresh and they have all the sauces that go with specific orders, like hirame sashimi.   At the moment they have all you can eat sushi for about $25.00!  AND it's not limited to just the sushi items! You can get tempura,and gyoza and a lot of other things on their menu!  And they don't hover over your plate to make sure you ate EVERY last piece of rice like most all you can eat sushi places.  They also don't get mad and charge you extra for not finishing that last roll!If you don't like sushi they also have cooked teriyaki meals and noodle dishes.  I really like this place and it's a must go! :)spicy tuna rolls-bomb!  You can order half order or fullTuna sashimi-yum!Hirame sashimi = MY FAVORITE!My fiance likes the ankimoIf you try it I hope you like it as much as I do!
5	Great place...  Love the sushi chefs they are great..  Sushi is always fresh and great rice to fish ratio is the best.  Would recommend to anyone!!!   If I could I would eat here all the time.
4	my favorite AYCE sushi buffet in vegas!! everything on the menu is included and you can order as much as you like anytime you'd like. every single thing that we had on the menu was good. mussels are a must! it was me and my other monster eating gf and two of our local guy friends that took us there. they were shocked that we still were going. as we got to the dessert, we ordered probably like 3 orders of mochi ice cream. and the sad part was, the lady there cut us off!!! we were still going strong, but their time limit sucks. but this place is definitely worth it. it leaves you fully satisfied!! :)
4	Vegas never stops amazing me with the quality of their AYCE sushi restaurants.  This is one of the best.Took the recommendations of other yelpers on what to order and was very satisfied."Fresh" fish nigiri should be avoided.  It's obvious the fish is both frozen and gassed.  It has a rubbery texture.  More creative items where ingredients are either cooked or mixed with sauces such as the ama ebi, softshell crab, spicy tuna, and tempura are much better.   The price is...well heck, who cares, you can splurge and pay the dinner flat rate ($25.95) for the price of just three sushi at Yellow Tail or Blue Ribbon on the Strip.Service is OK.  Catering to locals so they don't need to put on a show. They keep it real so if your server had a bad day, you will know.
4	Went in for AYCE lunch today. My only regret was that I didn't go in with a bigger appetite. The AYCE option allows you to pick almost anything on the menu and let me tell you the menu is HUGE. It was very hard to pick. There were only 2 of us so even though we wanted to try the whole menu we narrowed it down to 4 and had some garlic edamame to start.  I cant remember the name of the rolls I enjoyed but the Las Vegas Roll just wasn't for me. It sounded great on the menu but I think that raw snapper just doesn't do it for me. Next time I go back I will definitely try some of their apps and save room for dessert. It is probably best to go in a group so you can actually try everything you want to on the menu without wasting a bunch of food.
2	Went for dinner this evening.  The sushi was average at best, with no standouts and very inconsistent cuts and sizing.  The service was adequate.I would not waste the gas to drive there for a free meal.
4	Been going to this spot for a few years now. It's always a good place to eat. It's small and the selection is really good. The "all you can eat" covers pretty much the whole menu, which is a plus. The wait staff is fantastic. The place is clean and the prices are just right. Top it off with it just being down the street from home and that's a win-win. If it's not too busy, the chefs can make you some really nice 'off-the-menu' items...very much like the secret menu at In-and-Out.One thing to note though, on a trip to the bathroom, I did hear one of the new chefs just totally berating the staff and being an uber douchebag. From what i found, he's not even a senior guy...he's a new guy barely there a month and already acting like he owns the place. DEAR OWNER: keep your eye on this guy. I'd hate for your place to start getting that unhappy vibe if the wait staff is under oppression by a tyrant sushi chef.  Otherwise, keep up the good work. Business all around are shutting down and you guys are going strong. I'm a loyal customer. See on the next round....
4	Damn I miss Japan! This place reminds me of Tokyo! Takashi-San is the man!
4	Awesome customer service! Great food. I love the kayla's roll is yummy.
2	My roommate and I decided to come here last night. We had both been to the location on Eastern and had bad experiences (horribly slow service), but decided to give the original location a chance based on word-of-mouth and its better Yelp reviews.We walked in and were immediately seated at a table in the corner. Upon opening my menu, I was hit with an extremely foul odor. My roommate initially suspected it was fish being cooked, but upon closer examination we realized that the strong vinegar-like smell was coming from both of our menus. I can only assume they used a dirty rag to wipe the laminated menus.We ordered our first selections for AYCE and waited almost half an hour before anything arrived. There were dirty dishes sitting on the empty table next to us the whole time. When questioned on the wait, our friendly server explained that the chefs were backed up and that everything would come out at once. She asked if we would like anything from the kitchen, so I ordered some steamed gyoza and tempura vegetables, which came out reasonably quickly. There were two sushi chefs working, with about seven occupied tables and six people at the bar.Once the food came, it was generally good. My roommate did have a couple of issues with the menu descriptions - he said that his ama ebi did not actually appear to be ama ebi, and had the same issue with the super white tuna. The Kayla Roll and Las Vegas Roll were both delicious, and the fish seemed fresh and of good quality. Another bonus was that the portions of rice in the nigiri were very small, as mentioned in some other reviews. The chefs seemed to catch up eventually and our subsequent rounds came out a bit faster, but we were still left waiting quite a bit. During some downtime, I was admiring the modern decor and sleek lamp above our table when I noticed the cobwebs in it (photo attached). I'll give this location two stars for the food and generally friendly service, but will definitely not be returning. I'll stick to Goyemon, Sushi Mon, and Oyshi in the future.
2	I used to go to this place often when I lived in Vegas 4 years ago. I just went back for the first time in a long while hoping that the service and quality of food is still the same. What we got was an absolute disappointment. The sushi staff used to greet you with a loud cheer when you walk in. This time around, the place was quiet and the staff was not as friendly. Now for the food...we had the all you can eat option. Each sushi portion we ordered was small, lacked the seafood, and the quality was overall lower than before. The edamame even smelled funny as if it had spoiled. I don't know if this restaurant got a new owner of the years, but this sure appeared as if a new owner who didn't care for quality had taken over the restaurant. On top of the poor food quality, the menu was slightly adjusted to limit and restrict what you were allowed to order from the all you can eat menu. For example, only 1 dessert was allowed for each person. It definitely didn't used to be this way so again...this was an overall disappointing experience.
5	Let me start this review by mentioning that due to my extreme loyalty to sin city sushi I feel like  a cheating spouse or something Geez... How depressing. Okay, now that I have that out of the way lets get to the Raw Details... Did you pick up what I tried to do just then? Anyways enough with the terrible plugs. It was a cold Wednesday night and we decided to drop the kids off at a friends house and go get some sushi. We were in the southern Highlands so it only seemed fitting to hit the place that all of our friends argued was superior to Sin City. We pulled up and the place was dead, not one person inside and this is not always a good sign. When we went in, since we didn't have any kids with us it seemed that the right thing to do was sit at the bar and really get the full experience of the restaurant and I must say that this was the best decision that we could have made. After sitting down both of the Chef's behind the bar asked if we were doing the AYCE and of course the answer was yes. We looked over the rolls and started running off our orders. Both of the chefs started doing what they do best, making amazingly fresh sushi. I tried the first roll and it was very fresh and had that perfectly cooled fish on top with absolutely no fishy taste. I then asked the Chef if he could make me something Hot as in spicy not temperature and he pointed out the special right now is called the kiss of hellfire and I have to add that the name is fitting. The roll has some spicy everything in it and is topped with fresh Jalapeno and srirachi. I had only ordered a water for my drink and had mentioned possibly getting some sake and before I could put the order in for it the chef was standing in front of me introducing himself and pouring Hot sake shots for all of us. Needless to say this went on over and over and over again, we must of had 10 hot sake shots and then the other Chef brought out some cold Sake. Every roll that we tried was spot on and as we ate the glimmer of Sin City Sushi's light slowly faded into the back of my mind like the Vegas City Lights on your way out of town, and the roll that really put us over that final climb out of town was the Japanese Lasagna. Sin City has this roll and my wife absolutely loves it so when we spotted it on the menu here it was a must try. 5 minutes later here came the Xtreme Sushi Japanese Lasagna, It looked similar in every way except that it had a sauce that the Sin City Version did not. This is like saying goodbye to an old girlfriend, but this sauce made this roll one of the best tasting rolls I have had in Vegas. Since this first visit we have been back one more time and it was spot on as well, great rolls, lots of Sake, great conversations and great prices. We have found a new favorite.
1	If I could give it NO stars I would!  It shouldn't even get one star.REALLY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!  My son and I got our food after 30 min & my husband had to wait one hour to get his food!  By the time he got his food we were done eating!  I asked the manager why it took so long and all she could say was "sorry" and walked away!  To top it off the food isn't good either!  My sushi rice was hard and my husband's steak was tough!  We went there a few times in the past and it was ok- we went again tonight because we wanted Japanese food and this place is close to my house.  NEVER again!!!!!!!!  DON'T GO HERE!!!  If you're looking for a nice place for a family dinner- THIS IS NOT IT!!!!!
4	Pretty good place. Good service and real lively environment. All you can eat was a bit pricier than most local places but the amount and size of the fish they put in their sushi definitely makes up for it.
4	It's OK. Service is good. Food are good. The ice cream are good. But the sauces are not exactly Japanese Sushi sauce. The exactly sushi sauce tastes a little sweet, but the sauce in Xtreme Sushi tastes salty. We're gonna bring personal sweet sauce to there next visit time. 25 Dollars each person.
4	Off-strip sushi joints in Vegas can be hit and miss, and this was definitely a big hit.  I can be somewhat picky when it comes to sushi, and I get early bored with your typical rolls, so Xtreme Sushi really stands out to me due to its large amount of specialty rolls that are available.  The AYCE menu is expansive with plenty of options for rolls and nigiri, all of which was great.  The only roll I would not order again is the hellfire roll (I think it's called), simple because it was just WAY too spicy for my taste.  This place is small, but lunch on a Saturday afternoon was quiet and more than enjoyable.  I will be back to Xtreme in the near future.
2	I've been to Xtreme Sushi at least a half a dozen times. It's ok, certainly nothing to rave about, and I'm not exactly sure why I go back. Might be out of convenience since it's only a mile from my house. BUT,  I think I'm done. I don't know why it bugs me and I can't seem to let it go, their menus are filthy - sticky, dirty, and kind of soggy! It grossed me out so bad last time! I will say the food it not bad, and the service is ok, but damn those menus!  - it makes me wonder how clean the rest of the place is...
2	I love AYCE sushi places, sin city sushi and sushi twister are some of my favorites, with that being said my boyfriend and I decided to try xtreme sushi last night. Overall I think it was okay, fish was good seemed fresh. The menu had really boring rolls for my taste and then they had some very strange rolls. I also Really like sauces on my rolls and most of the rolls were just plain which was a bummer. I would say overall it was just okay doesn't compare to others.
1	Worst Customer Service I have EVER recieved in my entire life. I know that sounds dramatic and harsh but it really was terrible. We got stuck in there over 3 hours. Our server was rude. Food was mediocre.
3	came for the AYCE menu, love the fact that they include the KOBE burger on this menu, but you definitely have to split this up if you're doing AYCE or else it will fill you up and you just spent $30 (ish) on a burger.  Also had the seared tuna Nagiri...it was not good, I think they seared it too much.  For the rolls I ordered  the tropical twist.  This was delish!  I gave a star for the kobe burger, the mango tropical twist  and the fact that they automatically serve edamame with your water (a "bread basket" to snack on without the carbs) I took away a star for the $2.50 green tea per person they charged and the seared tuna that was....I don't know but there was something wrong with it, maybe they seared it too much and it was just a weird half cold half warm nagiri with weird texture.  Not what I'm used to at all.  Would probably go back just for the fact of the location (being close to where I live) as well as the Kobe burger.
4	It's kind of far but it's a great place. They always treat me well and the soft shell crab appetizers are delicious.
4	I recently visited this place while hanging out with a friend who lives in the vicinity. My friend had already told me this place was good, but, honestly, I was not expecting it to be this good!We (the two grownups) ordered the AYCE. I don't recall the names of the rolls we ordered (except for the Stallone roll) but they were all really, really good. Even the basic California rolls were good, which was awesome for me bc they kids ordered those and barely touched them!Service was great, too. We were seated quickly, my water glass was never empty, and the rolls came out quick. The lady was also gracious enough to entertain the two-year-old for a minute while she grabbed every magazine and handed them to patrons. All in all, this place was great. If I am ever in this part of town, you can bet I'll go to Xtreme Sushi!
5	This is currently one of my favorite sushi spots in Vegas.Very little rice, speedy and friendly service and the freshest ingredients I have tasted in the valley. I have been to a dozen sushi venues and none has ever hit home like it does here.I usually eat more nigiri than rolls when I go to a sushi venue. I also find that it is easier to judge the quality of the fish by eating nigiri, simply because there is no sauce, cream, etc. It's just the rice and the fish.Firstly, the rice-to-fish ratio is fabulous. Usually the rice only makes up 1/3 of a sushi piece. Nothing makes me happier than leaving more room in my stomach to eat fish.The service is speedy and my glass is barely half-empty when the waitress fills me up. I always feel a little hesitant to put in orders at the bar because the sushi-man always looks busy. But for me, eating at the bar is a MUST at a sushi restaurant! Thankfully, they are more than friendly to take my requests no matter how busy they are.Last but not least, the fish is so darn fresh. Nothing beats their hamachi nigiri. It literally just melts in your mouth like creamy, delicious butter. The ama-ebi (sweet shrimp) is one of my favorites.If I am daring, I like to order uni (sea urchin) from time to time. It's really easy to spot bad uni because they give a foul odor. Only the absolute freshest uni will have a non-smelly scent. If the regular fish is not enough testimony how great this place is, the uni will convince you wholeheartedly. The uni is a 10/10. The taste of uni is a little difficult to describe. It has a unique texture that's perhaps in the cross of mussels and tuna.I have gone here countless times and I have never been disappointed. The best part is the lunch AYCE, which is just under $20. This $20 meal is worth dying for in my books.
5	So let me start by saying I have never been a real fan of sushi! I had a bad experince at a sushi bar and said I will never eat that nasty crap again. I'm more of a burger and fries kinda guy anyway! But a good friend of mine insisted I go and that this is the place. So ya you only live once why not try some un-cooked fish wrapped in rice!!Here's the thing, if your a rookie sushi person like me don't worry. The chefs here will recommend the right roll for you! I do suggest going with someone you know who will push you just enough to try the amazingly decorated plates of sushi! The staff there was great! We went with the all you can eat! Even tho the place was busy it seemed that there was a fresh plate of sushi or lompia waiting for us to devour! Before I finished a full roll of  sushi the chef was asking us what we wanted him to make us next! Yes, you order it and they roll it and make it right in front of you which was an experince in its own! I must say that this place has given me a new outlook on sushi. I can say that I like that un-cooked fish wrapped in rice covered in sauce and falvor! This was the first time I went there and wont be the last! I recommend the yoshi dynamite, the Stalone, and shrimp tempora. Great place for a date or hanging with friends and overall price you just cant beat it! Eat all you want as much as you want for under $25 bucks a person. We spent about 2 hours there endulging in the culture and food and if our appatie would let us we would have been there longer!
3	I could potentially give this restaurant 4 stars if it wasn't for some bad experiences there. The rolls I order are usually really good. My favorite is the dynamite roll. Do not get the curry it is not cooked long enough for flavors to develop, it just tastes like curry powder uncooked. My issue with this place is the sushi chef with the black mold. He is sloppy, dirty and rude. Sushi chefs should be clean and neat. There is always a mess and dirty surroundings at the sushi bar when he is working!! He is usually necking wine and doesn't like if you order too much when you have all you can eat and he has made some rude comments to my husband about ordering more food. I don't like all you can eat because I don't like to over eat. So I don't order enough but my husband does. If you don't want people to actually eat all they can don't offer it! That simple. I rather drive to Sin City Sushi or Yama Sushi. But if not in the mood to drive I will return. It's a shame because we could have returned many times if not for the bad experiences due to dirty mold face man. The other sushi chefs are actually quite pleasant and I have had decent service at a table.
5	I don't like being that person to review the same place over and over without hitting a few notable places in between but when your food and service are spot on time after time you deserve to be recognized for it right? Every time we hit this place I could almost be fooled to thinking that they have a fresh fish tank just hanging out in the back where they pull them our fillet those bad boys and lay them on my perfect roll of Amazingness. The Chef is always trying to customize things for us if we think of something we like and they pour on the Sake like its going out of style. We took some of our friends there to try it, he is also new to Yelp. Sean N.  No imagine this conversation,Me:  " Hey man, do you like sushi?" Sean: "Hell yeah dude, Sushi is awesome."Me: "What is your go to Place?"Sean: " Well, smiths has good Rolls" Me: (mouth fell open) "WHAT?"No, man I am taking you to a real sushi place"Upon entering the place he makes sure to tell me that he really only like Crab and shrimp and not fish.... Here is when I realized what an unfortunate thing it is when you have not had great sushi. He also mentioned he would not know what to order so I proceeded to tell him no  worries I will order away for both of us. We had a few rolls ordered first thing, the Yoshi's dynamite roll which they top with tuna and yum yum sauce and then torch it to give it the real smokey flavors that I truly enjoy. No keep in mind that ordering for him was like watching a early 90's Mike Tyson Fight. Quick and to the point and it was like he was punched in the mouth and had no idea what had happened to him. He was hammering the rolls after that and could not stop saying how great the rolls are and how awesome all the appetizer option are, in his book this place was a complete win. Now for me, I obviously enjoy all the rolls, but this time it got interesting. I decided to ask the chef to make me something SPICY, of course I was given the scale, " okay, spicy between 1-10" I said make it an 11 and he attempted to spice it up, his first attempt was to make the snowman on fire, which is amazing and has slices of jalapenos on the top but that is very standard as far as spice is concerned for me... I then let him know that it was tasty and had some spice but was not HOT. A few minutes later he walked over holding this half roll of what looked like a sure slow fiery inferno of death. It was a roll with no regular wrap... It was wrapped with Peppers and stuffed with EXTRA spicy crab and then filled with other hot peppers, covered in sauce and torched. Talk about amazing, It was so delicious and then a good 5 minutes after eating it my mouth began to pulse. I may even have shed a tear and to this moment I am still not sure if it was due to happiness or pain.These guys and gals are always on top of it. The sushi is always top notch and the service is always stellar. How do you go wrong with an AYCE that allows customizations, tons of options for even the faintest of sushi eaters and any and every app. you could ask for.
4	Awesome!After leaving being done from a tour of The Grand Canyon I was ready to demolish some sushi before heading back to L.A. Well Thank You Extreme Sushi for being there and on my way home. Staff and service is good and the All You Can Eat option is just great. Huge selections under one price ($25.99).Will return again when I am in Vegas.Thanks!
5	The Best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas!
4	After living in this area for about a year and a half, I finally decided to give this place a try. There is another similarly titled sushi restaurant on Eastern, at which I had a TERRIBLE experience (see my review here: http://tinyurl.com/awh5l9f), so I thought this was another location for that same restaurant. Thankfully, my experience here was the exact opposite. Like most other restaurants in this shopping center, it's pretty small. I actually thought there was more room in the back when I first came in, but realized quickly that what you see is what you get once I sat down. There aren't really any spots you can be seated to avoid the cold wind that blows every time someone opens the door, if you dine during the winter as I did. The service was impeccable - the waitress was very friendly and prompt with placing our AYCE orders. In addition, our drinks were refilled constantly and empty plates were removed almost instantly. As for the rolls, my favorites ended up being the Las Vegas roll and Xtreme Tina Crunchy roll. I also had the Dragon roll and Caterpillar roll, but those are pretty standard among all sushi restaurants typically. I had no concerns about the freshness or quality of the fish. I ended with the tempura ice cream for dessert with no complaints.  AYCE for $25.95 is pretty standard pricing as well. All in all, I'm glad I was pleasantly surprised by this place since it's so close to home. I'll definitely be going back more frequently now that I know it's nothing like the other Xtreme Sushi place!
4	I love Xtreme Sushi. Although I no longer live in Las Vegas, I still manage to visit there when I am in town. Fish is always fresh, they offer some crazy inventive rolls, and the price tag is low. Who could ask for anything more? Well, I could.... I know, some women cannot be pleased. I just wish this place were larger and I wish it weren't associated with the one on Eastern & the 215 (can we say ghetto?). On our last visit, 11-11-12, the place seemed to be showing signs of wear as far as decor goes. Maybe someone could invest in doing a little touch up maintenance to bring it back to its beautiful glory of week 1 opening. But nonetheless, the sushi was great. My personal fave is the X-Box Specials they offer; you get miso soup, salad, shrimp & vegetable tempura, shiumai, and a California or Spicy Tuna roll with either teriyaki chicken or beef or salmon. Not a bad deal for $16. Of course they have the standard rolls: dragon, rainbow, California etc... but they have some really fun ones too. The Pacquiao is a fave of my friend, Sonny. The 702 Roll & the Money Roll are always ordered for AYCE. The Volcano is just that.... lava in your mouth but oh so delicious.  Dinner for 5 set us back only $120 after tip. I hope this place never, ever goes out of business!
5	Always fresh always delicious
4	A group that started out about 15 and grew to over 20 converged upon this place, which is smallish and obviously not built for such a big group, but they accommodated us without a hitch. Several of us ordered the All You Can Eat, which is a great deal. Others have complained about how long things took, but we found that the speed was impressive, especially considering our large group. If you like spicy, I recommend JoJo's Roll. They are absolutely not stingy with their fish. You'll fill up after about 4 rolls, but they are pleased to bring you as many as you want. AYCE covers everything on the menu except sashimi. Masako was our server and she was awesome.
2	a little pricey, not as fresh as I expected. I guess I must have been spoiled by eating good, authentic sushi in Japan and Taiwan.
2	The service was decent. A small restaurant. This place is down the street from my boyfriend and I's house in Las Vegas so we decided to try it out. We both did the all you can eat menu. I liked the fact that you can order half sized orders of all the rolls. This gives you a chance to have variety. My boyfriend and I agreed that the texture of the rolls were boring and we would of liked there to be some sort of crunch rather than it being mushy. The quality and flavors were somewhat disappointing.
3	Not sure what's going on, but my last few visits at Xtreme were mediocre and even a bit...dare I say, disappointing? I gave it three good visits before writing this update but all three times has been a disappointing visit. What once had the best and freshest fish in my books are now simply just "okay". I can't seem to understand what is wrong but everything tastes so plain; the seaweed salad, hamachi...Sometimes the rice tastes downright awful or overloaded. I noticed some new chefs and maybe these guys are still wet behind the ears but they need to make some magic happen quick. Back when there was the Japanese chef or even the owner making the sushi it was one of the greatest places in town. Not sure if it's directly the chefs but something is up. I feel like I'm chasing a shadow and I'm getting tired of it. I would give Xtreme a few more visits before adopting a new sushi home. Step it up, Xtreme!
4	I'm not sure if it's related to the Xtreme suhi on Eastern but this one is so much better as far as the quality and the appearance of the food.  The nigiri and rolls are made more neatly and more delicate and the fish also is definitely fresher.  The place is pretty small, we went with two small children, we ordered rice, chicken and miso soup for our 2 year old toddler and we didn't get charged for it so it's another plus.  We'll definitely go back again.
5	Best AYCE sushi in town. Great service and great food. We come here time after time and the service and quality has remained excellent. You won't be sorry you ate here.
5	Walk in oneday to pick up some soup,and everyone was eating steak!Wtf??? Well no bs,that $20 ribeye is pretty good!
5	Happy to say this place is back to form, and possibly even better than before! The fish taste spot on and the rice portions are small and has just the right amount of plumpness to them. The sushi chef went a little nuts on the wasabi on certain nigiri, but once we notified him it was better.I think the reason why Xtreme is so under the radar is because their rolls are nothing spectacular. I love them but frankly it's nothing out of the ordinary. The service is great but they aren't necessarily the fastest when serving, Goyemon will burn them in a heartbeat. However, the one thing that Xtreme does do right and are the BEST at is serving the freshest nigiri. The yellowtail, sweet shrimp, tuna are just a few of the nigiri to die for. I thought this bliss was shortlived when their quality was not up to par the last few months but recently I gave Xtreme another shot and I'm so glad I did.If you're a nigiri monster like me, look no further people. This is THE place to go!
4	One of our new favorite AYCE Sushi places. They have an extensive menu of yummy options. They have a little bit of everything.  My husband and I tried about 10 different rolls and I would order 9/10 again. We went here on a Wednesday night and the fish was fresh...I even ate sashimi and it tasted great. The dessert wasn't the best so I wouldn't get that again...but who needs dessert when there is more yummy sushi to eat?! ;)
1	This USED to be my favorite sushi spot in town.   Until they switched over management and got new chefs. I have a seafood allergy but love vegetable sushi. When I gave my order to the chefs and stated that I had the allergy they laughed and asked why I came into the restaurant, I was taken back since I've never had that response before but just stated its never been a problem in the past and the other chefs were very accommodating. They then proceeded to make food for my whole party, forgot my rolls, when reminded (I was sitting at the bar mind you) the chef preparing didnt clean any of the surface prior to preparing my rolls. When I sent then back (literally a health issue) the chef was offended. I left hungry since I obv wasn't going to order anything else, super disappointed. Needless to say unimpressed with the new staff/management, why btw wouldn't come talk to me about the situation, looked coked out and sweaty. Won't be going back, dirty restaurant and unprofessional staff.
5	Went in on Sunday with no preconceived notions. They WOWed us!. For an AYCE restaurant I loved the fact that they allow half orders, make everything with cucumber and each and every dish is presented with care and beauty. I have become disheartened at times reading reviews that tear a place down that does not deserve that kind of treatment. This restaurant is a winner and we will be back!!!
2	I always pass this place and decided to try it out one night when I had a major sushi craving. The service was good. The quality of food however, was very disappointing. It tasted very poor and they were out of a good few things I wanted to try. So not only was quality poor, but they were out of stuff. Sorry but that was enough for me to say I am never going back. There are so many other excellent sushi places to go to. I'm still glad i tried it though....because now I know.
5	This place is pretty good, it's close to my brothers house so I've been here quite a few times this summer. I love the ambiance better when I owner is there, service always seems better plus he gives me and my nephew asian candy. Lmao I also love the fact that he will make us special rolls that aren't on the menu when we ask him to surprise us. I was sad to find out he was looking to sell. Hopefully he doesn't.
4	I think a lot of people mistakenly put their reviews for the Eastern & 215 on here. I've been to this location 3 times and I like it! I deducted a star because between my 2nd and 3rd visit it went from $19 to $22, and they took out some of the items I like. Lots of the appetizer items were not available even though its on the menu. But I still like this place :)
5	We love this place!  The staff is super friendly & remember us & our "usual" order when we come in even if its been awhile.  The rolls are always fresh & make adjustments when requested.  The AYCE is worth it as we come hungry.  I definitely suggest this place to all!
3	Great sushi for the price.  Service was beyond amazing, so friendly and accommodating.  She let us order half rolls and sample sizes of dessert during the all you can eat (entire menu) for 20 bucks.
2	I really want to like this place because it is so close to my house, but the fish quality is just bad. Everything I ordered was rubbery and dry. One of the reviews said they pre-cut their fish and that seems to be true. Also, the rice was dry and falling apart. They either don't use sushi rice or don't know how to cook it correctly. It's really too bad. I'll give them two stars, because the service is excellent.
2	I'm going to need to find a new sushi restaurant. I don't like the fact they mixed sushi with tapas. If I wanted tapas I would go to Fire Fly.  Don't let them try and sell you on the tapas, they are not that good, the beef tapas was very hard and chewy.  Stick to the old way of making sushi, don't mix it up.  I'll bet they loose lots of customers.
2	Went to try out this sushi place.  Sushi chefs kind of rude or just ignore you.  Sushi was just ok.  It satisfied my nigiri craving but I won't come back here.  Nothing great.
5	This was the first time.... yes, you read that right, first time that I have ever had sushi.  I mean, I have had my fair share of California Rolls, but I was told that wasn't really sushi.  So, I was dragged, okay not really dragged, to Xtreme Sushi.We walk in and the 3 of us grab a seat at the bar.  Xtreme is an AYCE place, so we took full advantage.  I wanted to start off with California Rolls as I was a little apprehensive.  But, there was a foot that went down and a different order was placed for me.  Michele and the waitress took matters in their own hands.  This place is great, because you can order half rolls and try everything.  So, I started out with the Protein Roll... Tuna / salmon rolls.  So, good, it was at this moment that I knew I was hooked.  I don't even remember every name of the sushi dishes that came out after that.  I just knew everything was incredible.  The sushi chefs were kind and amazing.Since we had a 5 year old in tow, who loves seaweed and her special roll, the chefs made sure she was taken care of too.  As we were leaving one of the Chefs gave her Japanese gum... I have been here twice now and, I couldn't give this place a higher ranking.
3	Food is good, but does the sushi chef have to drink red wine while making the rolls?  Cleanliness and observation = 5 out of 10.  I left my purse by accident and they didn't see it.  I first called to make sure, and they said "no."  I then go to the restaurant physically, and they say they "still don't see it."  I'm driving back home and a I get a call from them.  They find it under the sushi bar.  Staff is nice, yet I still can't trust them.
4	Great food and service. The lunch menu for the all you can eat was a little small but other than that it was great food.
4	How awesome that I found a familiar sushi chef....none other than the loud hawaiian himself, Fredo.  If you are a sushi-head (hehe) you would know that he has worked at a lot of different sushi joints in town.  I'm actually surprised I haven't written a review, but I guess that is due to me eating at select sushi joints.  What has changed, whoa, their huge TV, oh and a new owner.  The sushi chefs love to talk sports, especially basketball and football.  Ayce menu is seriously everything except sashimi...maaaan.  Did I mention they have Amaebi on their Ayce?! Wow! Cold Soba? Score!  Sunemono, refreshing!  Salmon skin salad, Mmmmm.  Oh, my favorite, Ikura with Quail egg.  Deeeeeelish.  Finish with red bean ice cream, or deep fried Oreos....heeeeeeeeeeyy
1	I gave this place a couple of tries and each time I went I was not satisfied. The presentation of the food was dull, the service was not that great, and the food tasted cheap and not fresh. I do not recommend this sushi place to anyone!!!
1	First time I ate here, there was a hair tangled in my ginger. Months later, I found out their second location was closed down by the health dept. Shocker!
4	Food, service, and everything else is great!(:Great all you can eat sushi place to go to.Haven't had sushi like that and definitely better than buffet sushi.First timer to this place and def gonna be going there whenever i am craving sushi. Went with a 2 friends that knew what to order, don't be shy when ordering and make sure they hear your order. Ordered, shrimp tempura. Rock And Roll/Lincoln sushi(recommended) and Uni(sc)Didn't eat a lot but it filled me up!
4	There is a new owner. He is very outgoing and friendly.  All the staff and sushi  makers are outstanding. The food is delicious. We will be back very soon.
5	All you can eat, and I will drive all the way to Vegas for it! Best deal, best sushi!!Xtreme Sushi is fully deserving of a perfect score. I love the people who work there, the menu selection, and you can not beat the price for their quality.We always sit at the sushi bar so we can talk to the chef, Fredo, he will create new combinations and cuts from fish that we have never seen on a sushi menu. I can not express how amazingly delicious and plentiful the food is here.ALWAYS get the buffet, because even though every sushi roll you order is completely satisfying there are still dozens of other rolls that are as good and sometimes, surprise, better than the last roll you had. This place is foodporn for sushi lovers.This place is consistent on all counts of great customer service, great food, great pricing!LOVE LOVE LOVE XTREME SUSHI!!!
2	Rolls weren't very original, no special sashimi flavor mixes, no gluten free soy sauce, server was kinda rude, blah atmosphere
4	This is the closest AYCE restaurant on my side of town. The restaurant is trendy, clean and the staff are friendly. Service wasn't as fast as I would appreciate the 3-4 times I've been here but the sushi and appetizers are fantastic. Love coming here once every month or so to get in my fix.
1	Fish not fresh.  Bland flavors.
1	Horrible place once rebranded. Did all you can eat.  Ordered 4 orders of shrimp tempura between two people and was cut off. I have never been to a place that cut you off of all you can eat so early into the meal. Go else where. Policies have changed. Just lost a loyal customer who used to rave about this location.
2	The food here is amazing!!!!! If you ever get your order.  The sushi chefs are on point but the waiters seem like they're picking their belly buttons in the back.  Seriously, how is it that there is 1 good waiter and the rest suck? How many times can you hear "my pleasure"in one night?  He even says it when it's not needed.  I understand the equal opportunity employer law but I don't think you can lick windows while you're on the clock is the way to go. My point is please focus on the customer instead of trying to avoid them.  So many people left frustrated tonight but yet no management team in sight.  Way to go!
2	We were excited to finally check this place out, but wasn't impressed at all! The service was pretty good, but the food was just ok. Doubt we'll ever return(even though it's near our house)! Too many ridiculous rules, for i.e. one order of shrimp tempura/AYCE person. When we called to make reservations for 9 people a few days prior, we asked if they serve soft shell crab for AYCE (because my best friend's mom loves them), we were assured that they were. Lo and behold, when we tried to order them, we were told soft shell crabs were not included anymore. Such a disappointment! If we had known this, we would've gone somewhere else.
4	Ok have been here many times mostly when Xtreme but chefs same just name change. The chefs are quite friendly and efficient! Good conversations every time. They keep my drinks full and the ginger coming! The food is good quality. Very flavorful! The sequoia, xtacasy (spelling?), and the Las Vegas roll are great! The spicier the better! They are friendly towards the kids as give Japanese gum at the end. They also offer 1/2 rolls with ayce so you can continually taste. The reasons only four stars is the selection. The menu isn't very extensive as rolls all have rice, no screaming orgasm and limited apps! They also are very selective then on making things not on the menu. Lastly some of the rolls are a little heavy on the balance with the rice. But overall a great location, great service and they do offer brown rice if needed and they are creating a new menu soon so will be back
