4	Another romantic spot.  I haven't been in a while... but I have always enjoyed my meals in the past.  Southwestern influenced cuisine.  Beautiful patio.  Great service.
3	I ate here recently with my wife, mother in law, and 3 month old son.  We ate inside, which was pleasant.  Outside looked more enchanting, but I'm not used to the Phx heat....even in April.  :-)  Anyway, the food was above average but a little underwhelming considering the price.  The service (again, for the price) was bush league.  Our server, although he tried, was unorthodox, unpolished and generally a little nervous.  I expected more from a place like this.  Hope this helps you make your decision.  I think we got stuck with a lame waiter.
3	I went to Lon's with my mom for my birthday yesterday.  I hate to give this place a 3 star review, but good food alone just doesn't cut it.The good:The menu is fabulous.  I wanted to try every single thing they offered.  So we went with the 5-course "trust" menu - good choice.  We started with a fabulous light and fresh tomato salad.  Then came seared Ahi with avocado (the fish was a bit overdone for me, but I like my ahi raw).  That was followed by a seared scallop with pesto, lamb with a delicious wine reduction, and refreshing little lemon tarts for dessert.  None of the wine pairings were particularly memorable, but they were all well-suited to the food.The bad:The service.  Now, I grew up in AZ so I know things are a bit more laid back there, service is more casual, etc. - but this was ridiculous.  Our server seemed unhappy that we were choosing the tasting menu and tried to dissuade us, as if we didn't know it would take extra time.  When we held fast, she sort of sighed and got it started.  Not one dish was described when it was dropped, so we never knew what the sauces and garnishes were.  After clearing my plate before my mom's, the backserver just hovered next to her, waiting for her to take her last bite and grabbed the plate while she was chewing.  Also, everything was slooooow.  I mean, not a relaxing tasting pace, but a slow "kitchen forgot about us" pace. I had really been looking forward to trying Lon's - I had heard such great things.  While the food did not disappoint, the service certainly did, and that really leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  I hope management picks up the pace at this place!
3	If you don't know where Lon's happens to be, you can drive right past it...As I did.   As I walked into the restaurant, I first had to walk through the beautiful patio..wishing that my party had reserved to sit out there, but greatful we did not because it had to be Scottsdale coldest evening in a year!  The Ambiance of the restaurant was great, yes it was romantic but yet still inviting for larger parties.  We had a bottle of Champagne and Pinot Noir which was recommended by the sommelier.  For dinner, I had the pan roasted alaskan halibut  and the truffle scented mac and cheese...The halibut was nicely prepared and had a wonderful flavor.  The truffle scented mac and cheese was cold and not as tasteful as I hoped.  It was a disappointment.  For desert, we decided on the Chocolate cake with vanilla malt.  Overall, Lon's was a nice dining experience.  The only reason I would go back to the restaurant is for the outdoor patio.
5	So when I was invited to go to Lon's for dinner I will be honest I was not expecting much. I did know that it was hidden and that it was in PV but as soon as you take a look at the place it becomes obvious that this was going to be a great dining experience.As soon as I drove in the valet greeted me with a smile and so did every one else. The wait staff is very nice and helpful if you have any question about the menu.  The place is gorgeous and definitely a date place.  But be prepared to spend money but it is totally worth it. I had the grilled beef tenderloin that was cooked to perfection. I have been back and I am never disappointed with this place and you won't be either.
2	Walking past the charming courtyard, I was rather dissapointed with the inside interior.  It was valentine's Day and they had obviously packed more tables into the main dining area to crank out more $$.  The result was table's placed in odd configurations and ours half blocked a doorway.  We also had to listen to everyone's conversation because they were way too close.  The food was not exciting, but we were ordering off a limited holiday menu.  I would be curious to know what type of experience we would have had if it had been an ordinary weekend.
5	I'll admit I was a just a bit nervous from some of the other yelps, and maybe our experience was a strike of lightning, but wow, my trip to Lon's was one of my best dinning experiences ever.We made reservations for 6:30 on a Friday Evening and requested a table outside on the patio (Thanks to the great yelp advice) which was essential, you have to be on the patio when the weather allows.  So there we were seated, looking out of the quintessential south western landscape and off to the peak in the distance as the sun set across it.The service was spectacular.  Almost too frequent of "check up."  You're not rushed at all because they aren't turning the tables on the balcony, the last seating is at 6:45.  The food was delicious, we had seared ahi tuna that tasted just right, and split an entree of a sea bass special.  Perfectly cooked.  We finished with a dense chocolate cake.But we weren't really finished, not with the sun having seat and the fire place casting a glow.  We paid the check and spotted two great seats next to a fire pit.  The weather was perfect for it, just a slight chill in the air while we enjoyed some cool white wine.I could see this place as a creating a super great romantic evening, as we did, but also coming for drinks with friends enjoying the night air, or in the winter, the inside is divided much like a lounge.Great Vibe, great time... Lon's got it!
5	This is without a doubt the best overall package of a restaurant in Phoenix. I honestly cannot think of a better patio. Whether it be lunch or dinner, it is gorgeous. The signature dish, beef tenderloin over white truffle macaroni and cheese is one of my favorites in the whole city. I could eat three of them no problem. They offer a teriffic wine list, and have a number of my favorite scotches as well. The place is situated in  a 35 room botique hacienda inn, original Arizona adobe architecture. It was once the home of Lon Mcgarge, the western artist credited for the artwork on the Stetson hat. Great place for a special event, romantic evening, or just to treat yourself. They will bend over backwards to make sure you are happy. I have only recieved in my 7 times dining there, one bad piece of service, later to find out it was the kids very first day. I don't like the mandatory valet parking, but I can understand why they do it, their lot isn't very large for a hotel. I can't imagine anyone not liking this place.
5	My fiancee and I visited Lon's at the Hermosa on a Friday night in June to celebrate our anniversary and was a perfect location for a little romance under the calm, star-cloaked Arizona sky in a pocket of wilderness within the sprawling Phoenix metro. Lon's provided one of the most inspired meals I've had in quite a while, beginning expeditiously with a world-class wine list, representative of various renowned grape-squeezing regions as the Pacific Coast, Italy, France, Argentina, Chile, Spain, Portugal, Australia and New Zealand.  After a quick consult with a very capable sommelier who spirited us with an impressive explanation of Portuguese reds, we agreed on a bottle on Golfo [?], which may or may not be the correct name, as it smartly inoculated us after two and a half glasses each.  Mmm!In place of a starter, we ordered two unique salads: Mine was a seared duck salad on baby greens with toasted pine nuts an a white vinaigrette.  It was ingenious ... but not quite as ingenious as the scallop salad my fiancee had.  They were absolutely the best-prepared scallops either of us had ever experienced.What is even more amazing is that the salads were surpassed in flavor by the entrees, which sometimes flops as a headliner to gourmet starters.  Not the case here.  My sun dried tomato crusted rack of lamb was prepared excellently and the crust paired with the tender, juicy lamb chops (4) was easily skyrocketed into the top 3 list of things I've ever tasted.  The goat cheese herb grits were a perfect, and light compliment .. and something I've truly never seen on a menu before, much less experienced by taste.  My fiancee's grilled filet of salmon with blackberry barbeque glaze was very much an original as well.  Even for someone who is not a gigantic fan of salmon, such as myself, really enjoyed the complexity of flavors.  She very much enjoyed it.For dessert, we had the sorbet sampler as a means of cooling off from our frenetic eating/drinking pace.  Although very delicious, it was a mistake on my part as there was a sampler of tiramasu/creme brulee/pote de chocolate.  Ugh.  What was I thinking bypassing this delicious plate of hyperglycemia?  Well, there's always next time.It also must be noted, the stellar service we received.  The server was absolutely charming, gracious, and accommodative, referring to us by name, refilling our water/wine glasses, and supervising small touches like fetching the sommelier and informing the pastry chef that it was our anniversary [with that information, they gave us a chocolate script 'Happy Anniversary' on our dessert plate - nice touch].Overall, it was a place worthy of a very special occasion, and one which I would not hesitate to return to so that we can experience the rest of their impressive menu.
5	This is a great place to bring out of towners who think Phoenix is a hubble of sand. The patio is wonderful, the food is terrific, and the staff is helpful and not too "in your face fancy."Also- the wine list it to die for.Thanks for always making us have a good time, Lon's. You're a Phoenix, okay PV classic.
4	I visited Lon's last night for Restaurant Week with Kristin S. If you don't know where you are going, it is definitely a tricky place to find. It does add to the appeal because it gives the feeling of seclusion which would be appreciated if you were dining on the patio. We decided to sit inside because there was a wait for the patio, but it looked very relaxing and romantic with soft candlelight. The inside is large with many different dining rooms and the decor is all Southwestern. I'm not really into the Southwest as a decorating style, so it was a bit much for me.For my starter, I had the cucumber, tomato and blue cheese salad...the tomatoes were very fresh and the blue cheese was a nice compliment and did not overpower the salad at all. I had the sea scallop entree. It was a very generous portion as the three scallops that came on the plate were really large. They were not the best scallops I have had (they didn't have that melt in your mouth quality), but they were cooked perfectly and were not gritty. The chocolate truffle tort was a perfectly sized as a dessert, but I didn't eat more than four bites of it because it was much much too rich for me.Our server Chris was very nice and provided good service. We did sit for awhile while they ran our credit cards, but we found out that was because their credit card machine broke. It would have been nice if they had come over and said it was taking awhile because of machine problems, but that's just a minor complaint. There is complimentary valet which was very quick and polite. Overall I enjoyed Lon's and would go back to sit on the patio and try the regular menu with my husband on a special occasion, like our anniversary.
3	Restaurant Week makes writing reviews complicated. Restaurants lower their prices during this 7-day period (a three-course meal runs you $29 per person) in order to gain new customers and fill spots during less-popular dining times. At places like Lon's or Cowboy Ciao, guests end up getting meals that would normally cost $50 or more per person for a mere $29. Knowing that I got a much-more expensive meal at a bit of a discount definitely makes me want to give Lon's a higher rating. At the same time, however, my husband and I were discussing that we would have been disappointed with our experience *had we paid* twice the price. And since people reading this review may not have the good fortune of going to Lon's during the RW, when prices are lower than normal, I'm going to have to give the restaurant 3 stars. This is based on the food not being that flavorful or impressive given the prices they normally charge. We started the meal with Absolut martinis, which were pricey at $12 each and contained vermouth even though we asked for them "dry." Since we, just like Joel L, thought that spare ribs was a strange starter but both wanted to try them, we decided to pick a starter off the regular menu. We both love duck, so we ordered the salad with the seared duck. It wasn't great. We liked that it had pine nuts but found the dressing to be overwhelming acidic and were disappointed by the four pepperoni-shaped, paper-thin, and bland-tasting duck pieces. The disappointment continued with the spare ribs. I loved the sweet potato puree that accompanied them but found the ribs themselves to be a bit dry and not all that flavorful. The "carrot jus" was not detectable (or if it was, didn't add much), and we were dismayed to see that the listing for the same ribs on the regular menu said that the meat came with "ancho chile chocolate sauce." How sad that the RW version of the ribs didn't have the opportunity to be dressed up in a more flavorful sauce!For my entree, I ordered the pan-roasted scallops with the roasted pepper spaetzle, organic spinach, and the corn jus. My husband doesn't care for scallops much, but I found them to be well-cooked and not too metallic or gritty (as bad scallops can be). The sides, especially the spaetzle, were interesting and pretty flavorful. I could definitely taste that the spinach was organic. I also had a glass of wine with my entree and did appreciate the pairings listed on the RW menu next to each course, which made it easy to quickly choose an appropriate wine.  My husband had the open-faced shrimp ravioli. We both loved the concept and again, found the vegetables to be really fresh and tender. However, we didn't taste anything resembling lobster jus and found the shrimp to be pretty over-cooked. The portion was small, which we usually don't mind if the dish is high-end and super-flavorful, but that wasn't really the case here. In terms of desserts, the lemon tarte was just ok (and actually reminded me of those lemon bars you make from a boxed mix), but the chocolate truffle torte with the minted berries was outstanding. Since we weren't blown away by any of the other dishes we had tried, it was really nice to end the meal with a delicious, rich dessert. I am glad to have had a romantic meal in a beautiful patio setting for only $29 per person, but again, we would have been quite disappointed with Lon's food had we gone and paid regular prices for everything ($25+ for the shrimp ravioli would have been the most disappointing).  That being said, I can't reiterate how peaceful and unique the patio setting is, and the service was certainly professional and attentive (the bus boys did an especially nice job of keeping the table clean and re-filling water glasses). The atmosphere and service may make me want to go back at some point (maybe on someone else's dime!) and give Lon's food another try. One final note - Lon's does take reservations through OpenTable.com although the email confirmation requested that we call the restaurant directly in order to secure patio seating, so I would suggest making direct contact with the restaurant if it really matters to you to sit on the patio.
4	We've been to Lon's several times for brunch and it is one of all our time favorites.  In the spring or fall, there is no place I'd rather be on a Sunday morning.  You can't beat the view from the patio and the brunch with family style sides is great.Recently went to dinner at Lon's for the first time.  It did not disappoint.  The service was great and the servers had something to tell us about everything on the menu.  When the server accidentally forgot a glass of wine for one of our guests, he immediately claimed that it was on the house.Everything that was served was excellent and there was a lot of sharing across the table.  A great experience that will have me coming back for more.  Breakfast, lunch, dinner......no matter when you eat at Lon's, you win.
4	I have been here many times for dinner and lunch...mainly when family/friends visit from out of town. The food is very good and the enviornment is great. Eating outdoors is awesome when its not too hot.
5	For sitting outside enjoying brunch on a perfect Phoenix Fall Sunday morning there is no better place. Excellent food, service and ambience.
3	Always wanted to try this place out after hearing it featured on KYOT Sunday Brunch.  Can't recall how I managed a day off, but I finally found my way to see KYOT's set up at Lon's.  I did make an online reservation through opentable.com and even added a note that I would like to be seated outside near the KYOT set-up.Arrived, mentioned my reservations, and was immediately seated INSIDE.  Waited at least ten minutes before I was given a glass of iced water.  Another 5 minutes passed by before my server introduced herself to me.  I asked if I may be seated outside since this was my main reason for dropping by- to be able to enjoy my meal outdoors, with KYOT's smooth sounds surrounding me.  I was soon placated.Vacillated between blueberry buckwheat pancakes and Lon's burger entree.  Asked for server's recommendation and was told to go for the pancakes.  Had a few of Lon's delicious signature pastries.  Especially favored the raspberry pastry and the chocolate croissants!!  In the meantime, other patrons were being handed delicious-looking entrees.  Made me wish I'd ordered the burger.  I did enjoy the buckwheat pancakes, although I wished there were more of the blueberry compote.Kind of pricey for me, though.  Definitely paying for the atmosphere.  I would make sure to eat outdoors to take advantage of the lovely setting,
5	Warning, this restaurant is way out in the boonies.  That being said, it was ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL.  I had a business meeting here and it was much more than expected.  Great food, good wine, great service and the ambiance was amazing.  My group really enjoyed the outdoor dining on their amazing patio.
5	I can't recall a group business dinner anywhere that was better - 50 People - $8,000.00 and very good service and food.  If you have an event coming up ask for the Library, Wine Cellar or the Board Room  (and you have to visit) - we had too many people to use these rooms but our guests were treated like friends by Lon's and the food incredible - little touches of greatness that clients told us about weeks after the event was concluded.  I am in Scottsdale again in January and plan to make a dinner reservation this week. Thanks everyone at Lons!
5	After having treated my palate to incredible eateries from Paris to New York to Yountville to Mexico City, I can testify with full and complete confidence that Lon's is absolutely world class: always amazing, always perfect in every way. It can best be described as Franco-Southwestern, or Escoffier goes upscale cowboy (how do you say yeeee-haaaa en Francais?). Before I had moved to AZ, I had never tasted, nor did I want to try "southwestern" cuisine. Sadly, I had bought into all the cultural stereotypes of commercialized-"Navajo rug"-touristy kitschiness....boy was I wrong. A good friend of mine, an Italian Baron, wanted to sample the western part of the US. The first place I brought him to was Lon's. Now, Italians, especially Italian aristocrats, are absolute food snobs, which is great: they don't settle for anything less than the best, freshest seasonal quality food because that is simply the food culture in that gorgeous country! He was very well impressed with the beauty of Lon's, the quality and innovativeness of the menu...everything haute-desert, very very cool indeed! They also serve one of the best Prosecco wines very hard to find: that of Prosecco Franco from Valdobiaddene, the winery of a beautiful family and good friends of mine. Get some, it's awesome!Lon's: fit for all, from aristocrat to lil' 'ol me. The food speaks for itself. Damn! If this place was out here in LA, it would corner the market just for its very unique menu!Tanti auguri, bravi!!
5	Wow if you want to be wined and dined this is the place to do it at. I have not been in Phoenix all that long, but this is the best restauraunt in the valley. The combination of excellent service, delectible food, and ambiance off the charts makes this place great. There is nothing better than sitting outside, under the stars, eating locally grow gourmet food in this remote location. Actualy there is, drinking a glass of wine off of their spectacular wine list. Give this place a try for a very romantic dinner with excellent food.
5	I love Lon's! My boyfriend and I came here during Restaurant week and had a wonderful experience. The grounds here are beautiful. You have to sit on the patio. We decided to come on Wednesday in order to enjoy Wine Wednesday. We sat at the bar for a tasting and the bartenders were so friendly and knowledgeable. Our table was ready before we were done with our tasting but the hostess was very courteous and said just to check in with her when we were ready. For dinner we were seated outside about a half hour before sunset. We each ordered the short rib as a starter, which came with mashed sweet potatoes. It was fabulous. The meat was flavorful and tender and I am not a fan of sweet potatoes but I pretty much licked them off the plate. It was a great combination. I had the shrimp open faced ravioli for dinner and my boyfriend had the free range chicken. My dish was the perfect portion. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the fava beans and crimini mushrooms were a perfect compliment. My boyfriend is the least adventurous person I know when it comes to food that's why he picked the chicken, but he was blow away by the tenderness and flavor it had. We both had the chocolate truffle tort with minted berries. It tasted like a half cooked brownie and was so good. And was just enough to satisfy our sweet tooth. This is the perfect place for a romantic dinner. We didn't feel rushed at all. We had to have spent about 2-2.5 hours here. Outstanding service. I've been wanting to come again and my birthday is just around the corner...  :)
5	Can you tell I do enjoy nice restaurants?  I think this is my favorite restaurant, EVER.  Very cozy atmosphere and very relaxing dining experience.  The white truffle macarooni and cheese is melt in your mouth good, and anyone who goes there should try that as a side dish.  The outdoor patio is amazing and I would have loved to eat there but it was December and cccold outside.  I had the salmon w/ baby cabbage.  OUT OF THIS WORLD!  Our server was excellent and very attentive.  And the dessert was scrumdilicious.  Also the presentation of the meals is like art work and yet tasty.  The building used to be the home of a man named Lon, a cowboy who happened to be an artist.  The area where this restaurant is located is just beautiful.  I highly recommend this place.  I can't wait to return.  Hopefully soon.
4	I have to agree with most of my fellow yelpers and say the service here does suck! We waited at least 20 minutes for our bottle of wine, guess they had to fly back to Napa to pick it up. But the food did win me over. I had the best squash ravioli, ever! It had the perfect amount of filling and the veggies went well with it. The goat cheese grits were outstanding! I never knew I liked grits but with goat cheese.... Yum... It was a hit! The truffle scented mac and cheese.... Mmmmm... Not so much. It did not taste nor smell like the wonderfully truffley aroma that I love! Disappointing. All in all the food was pretty worth it. The lack of attention from the waitress was made up from the attention from the table next to us!
4	My husband and I took a chance last night and went to Lon's. We had no reservations and opted to sit outside and the bartender waited on us. We were able to enjoy the beautiful Arizona cool evening and have a drink prior to ordering. I had a glass of Pinot and loved it. My husband had a $12 Grey Goose and tonic, easy on the GG. The sommelier assisted him with which wine to order for his pork tenderloins with chutney. I had the special, blue nose seabass ( I was hoping for the red nose, I guess they were out of season). We had the yellow tomato soup and best part was the grilled cheese piece of heaven. I could have had a whole meal of that goodness. The bread was light and crispy and the cheese was melt in your mouth (I believe) goat cheese. The food was promptly served and we enjoyed every bite. We had to have the dessert, which included tastes of tiramisu, creme brulee and chocolate napolean. I ranked the creme brulee #1, tiramisu #2, my husband gave the number 1 to the tiramisu. We will definitly be back and this time with reservations. The burning fire wood, which we sat near, had us smelling like we were at a lake kegger by the end of the evening.
5	need to impress a client or a date? lon's is the place. this place is SO upscale arizona. it feels comfortable and cozy, not at all uptight, but the furnishings, decor and ambiance are upscale. the food is second to none. i've loved everything i've ever eaten there - lunch, dinner, sides, salads, dessert, it doesn't matter. everything is sheer perfection. if chef michael ever stops making the truffle scented mac and cheese that i am obsessed with i might die. it is THAT good.it isn't easy to find ... kind of a hidden gem off a small residential street in paradise valley. fine by me! i like the seclusion and being able to dine under the stars on the patio or, on a chilly winter evening inside. if you've got a larger party, the private dining room is a lovely option.i'm surprised by others' experience with the service. i haven't run into that, but i'll definitely be watching more closely next time.lon's is by far my favorite place to celebrate anything: i once insisted we go there for our dog's birthday. our sweet girl couldn't go, obviously, but i needed an excuse for a lon's fix and that was the first thing that came to mind.
5	Wow, I've been really fond of the restaurants I've visited lately. I think I've been so surprised by the awesome places in obscure locations I never thought I'd ever visit. Not that Scottsdale is "obscure", but it is still unexpected, and we chose Lon's without much local help. It was a total shot in the dark.Went on a Monday night. The place was empty, but it was still charming. The story is that the location was actually Lon's house (he lived in the early 1900's), and has been remodeled into a restaurant. It's in a residential neighborhood, but has complementary valet, and also huge patio areas, if you can take the heat (not us, clearly... ha). The service was great, because the restaurant was deserted and we got both waitresses. The bread basket was overflowing with 4 different kinds of bread. We had Prosecco to drink which I looooveeeeeeee.For an appetizer, I had the House Salad which has toasted pecans, blue cheese crumbles, and a Prickly Pear Vinaigrette dressing. Perfect proportion of dressing to salad!For dinner, my mom and I split the special, which was Grouper with a peach and cilantro salsa, on a big bed of Garlic Mashed Potatoes.Our bill total came to about $75, and Lon's was definitely the right choice. SO GOOD!
4	hmmm...fun! sporadic!! energetic!? none of the above.  BUT - lovely quiet property. really good food altho the orgasmatron went off only for the tiramisu. GENIUS. I'm a total tiramisu snot ball so if it stinks I don't want it.  The lovely Lauren, our waitress recommended it and said if I didn't like it it was on her and I could have the blueberry marscarpone cheesecake instead. Either way I was winning...didn't have to trade off. It was the right amount in a delightful not-too-sweet- chocolate cup. Yummmmm. Oh so you want to know about dinner? I started with the Dungeness crab salad. Nice, light, interesting mix of flavors which I liked very much but left me feeling like something was missing. For dinner I had the seared ahi appetizer - I know, done everywhere but I really just felt like a small portion of nice fish. It was that. Again, good but no wow factor. Perfect for what I wanted but I wished it had more umph. Service was great - it was a slow Monday. Wine list is a budget killer and a bit more manageable by the glass. We weren't rushed and overall a very nice experience and meal. I'd most certainly go back. yeah, go.
4	When is Yelp going to let me award half stars, as this place is clearly deserving of 4.5 stars. Lon's is one of those fine dining establishments that truly captures the essence of old time Arizona, yet brings forth an amazing array of top notch cuisine. The fine dining clearly compliments the rich history that rests within the walls of the establishment. Lon was an artist who created primarily western/cowboy inspired work and was the primary artist for the Mallory-Stetson Cowboy hat brand. The restaurant is his former residence, and the current owner has gone above and beyond the call of duty in an effort to preserve the essence of Lon's cowboy-ness. Lon's original art pieces are throughout the restaurant and bar, as well as an amazing aray of western decor.  Apparently Lon was quite a colorful person as evidenced by his multitude of wives and the apropriate tranformation of his former bedroom into the current bar at the restaurant. Although it was too warm to sit on the patio, in cooler times the restaurant facilitates patio dining. I was diappointed we were unable to do this, as the western feel transends right out of the front door and onto the bungalo style patio where you can only imagine Lon endulged in his fair share of eat and drink. If you think you are headed in the wrong direction when traveling to Lon's, think again, as it is located in the middle of a residential neighborhood among the most elite Paradise Valley estates. I figured I should stick with beef, granted that Lon epitomized the idea of a cowboy, so I ordered the Spare Rib. This plate was cooked to perfection, as the meat literally melted in my mouth. In addition, I tried a bite of the salmon that was delicious, but who the hell orders salmon at a western themed restaurant in the middle of the desert? I highly reccomend the tomatoe basil salad, but wished there was a little more than a couple slices of tomato.....as soon as my juices started flowing, the tomato juice was already gone!The restaurant was empty and quiet, but it was the middle of the week. The staff was friendly to the point that our party forked out an above average tip, which by our standards, means they did their job. The real kicker came after we paid the bill. As we were exploring the rest of the restaurant, the bar tender took it upon herself to give our party a tour of the areas that don't immediately meet the eye. As she brought us into the library, she began telling us the stories of how Lon and some of his lady friends continue to haunt the library and other parts of the restaurant. Although I used to shudder at Unsolved Mysteries as a child, the creepiness of her tour made our visit to Lon's that much more exciting and appreciated. The bartender then led us to the wine cellar where a plethora of fine wines riddled the racks. The wine cellar is available for private dinners, and if I was in a place to financially facilitate such a feast, I definitely would. I highly reccomend this restaurant not just for the food, but for the amazing service, the historical significance, the overall feel of the restaurant, and the eerie but amazingness of the haunting of Lon's spirit!
5	What a wonderful meal.  I had a fish stew that had scallops, shrimp, and talapia.  Who would have thought of going to Arizona for great seafood?  Lon's is a really fun and interesting restaurant right in the middle of a residential neighborhood.  We toured the grounds and the wine cellar and had a wonderful time.  I'll go back.
2	Made the mistake of eating here on 10/24. Hostess and maitre de set the tone wrong with their completely haughty and unwelcoming approach when we arrived. Acted like they were doing us a big favor by letting us eat there. Wine list is extensive but outrageously overpriced. We selected a good bottle (90 points WS) and when we asked the self-labeled "wine guy" about it, he said, "I actually can drink that." A snobby comment. Food was completely uninspired and pedestrian. Nothing special here. Service fair, pace was bad between courses - long waits. Had a meal the night before at T Cooks -it was extremely better in every single category. Lon's gets by on it's nice patio setting. The food is average at best. Go to T Cooks instead.If you do go here, call long ahead and at least get a decent table on the patio.
5	Lovely. That is the best word to describe this place. Everything about it is lovely: the food, the service, and especially the setting. I went here for brunch at 11:00 a.m. on Sunday and expected to have a long wait for table (especially since it was a warm and sunny day in January) but we arrived and the place was practically empty. We got to choose our table and enjoy a relaxing meal. The service was fantastic. From the complimentary valet, the hostess, our waiter, and busser. They were all professional, courteous, and attentive without being pushy. We both really liked our food, starting with the banana bread they bring to your table. He went with the steak and eggs (that come with poached eggs on a corn muffin with hollandaise sauce...good lord) and I opted for the three egg omelet minus the shrimp (corn, peppers, spinach, cheese) and they both came with their potatoes (sweet and regular, cubed and seasoned). It was presented well, tasted great, and left us feeling full but not heavy. Now, all of that is fine and good...but what you should really come here for is the setting. We sat in the outside courtyard and it was just so picturesque (it reminded me a lot of the Arizona Inn in Tucson). Southwesterny without being over the top, brick patio, lots of trees, colorful flowers, fountains, and green grass. I think this would be a great place for brunch, date night, dinner with your family, rehearsal dinner, and even small wedding. I would also love giving the Hermosa Inn a whirl because it looks very charming.
5	At the risk of sounding like Yogi Berra for malaprop, our experience at Lon's was so excellent we can't go there ever again!Let us explain.We were four for dinner on a lovely Arizona winter evening with early reservations for patio seating just as dusk was starting to appear and become evening.  From the moment we arrived at Lon's to be warmly met and seated to the top notch service by our wait person, the personal attention from the front of house staff was great.  Wait staff knew the menu to answer questions and make recommendations both, had food delivered just at the right time - not too early or too late - and was friendly without being familiar.  Just right. The casually elegant (or is it elegantly casual) ambiance of the patio with dwindling sunlight turning the hills purple, the fireplace burning and the nicely quiet setting (deliver us from pounding music in restaurants) was simply perfect.  As was the food.  Between the four of us we split two starters, had four creative, wonderfully prepared entrees ranging from pork to fish to vegetarian choices, enjoyed a great bottle of wine, had two cups of coffee and split a delectable dessert four ways (come on now...you've done it too :-) ) and we thought the bill was very reasonable, all things considered for quality of food, ambiance and evening's entertainment, at about $55 each before tip.   In fact, our evening with friends at Lon's was so perfect that each of the four of us has said we're not sure that we could go back because we can't imagine them being able to get the experience so right a second time.  Then again, why not?    We highly recommend visitors to the Phoenix / Scottsdale area include dinner or lunch (or both) at Lon's in their plans.
2	I wish I could say nice things all the way around. From the moment of driving in,  I loved the look of the surroundings. Was a little taken aback by the mandatory valet parking but relaxed when I saw it was complimentary - a very nice touch. The place was crowded with people who all seemed (for lack of a better word) relaxed. Well heeled too I'm sure. I was going to a college alumnae club event, but wasn't sure I would go so far for brunch on my own. Once we went into the building, it was really cool to imagine it being someone's private home - it was very welcoming! As were the people. The friendliness and quality of service was excellent. However, given the price, I was very surprised and disappointed with the food. For brunch, there was a plate of small breakfast breads on the table - for 8 people we each got one. No one asked if we wanted more, or offered the fruits or breakfast meats included in the brunch. We also had our choice of 3 possible entrees. Being on an Eggs Benedict kick, I naturally gravitated to that. Mentally, I had a moment of fondly remembering the Daily Dose with their 7 options - here there was one.  When it came, it was short on Hollandaise. There was a tiny pile of potatoes on the side, mixed with some orange (squash?) vegetables. Now, at the risk of sounding really nit-picky, but I would have liked to know what "hacienda potatoes" were before getting them and the option to get them plain. The whole plate (artistic vision aside) just looked empty before I even touched it ... Anyway, the potatoes were left. I left hungry.MH's strawberry and mascarpone stuffed brioche french toast was ok, too sweet for my taste. Given the gaps in what they advertised and what we were offered, I figured it was roughly an extra $12 per person for unlimited coffee and the one pastry. The coffee was surprisingly good. We filled up at a central station, and the server refilled our cups for us. Very nice of him, since he had to walk to the urn for each cup. No cream on the table - surprising - so he had to make a couple repeat trips. Not for me, after the first time - I hate to put people out to do things like this for me - but you'd think it would be better planned. So my experience was mixed. Surroundings and service awesome - food not so much. Value for money - very low. If I enjoyed everything it would have been worth it but as it was, no. If I had a choice I would rather go to Daily Dose and donate the difference balance to charity.
4	My wife and I have been to Lon's many times, but last night was an unusual experience. On a very busy night, they couldn't find our reservation, booked on their own website which uses OpenTable. This made for an awkward start to the evening (I was pretty irritated). They then spent the next two hours trying to make it up to us by seating us next to the fireplace, comping my first glass of wine, and by providing outstanding service and excellent food. Not to mention apologizing at every opportunity. They really made us feel like they valued our business.  I think it's fair to say I forgive them. Oh, and when you book, ask for one of Dolores' tables - you'll see why.
5	Lon's is amazing.  After checking out their menu we decided to try Lon's for dinner during our trip.  It's a cute little restaurant that is in the middle of a residential block in Paradise Valley.  They offered complimentary valet parking which is always a plus.  It's got a country/western theme and does a good job with its fine dining yet business casual feel.  The food and wine was spectacular.  I had been dying to try their chicken with mashed potatoes and loved it.  The portions were large enough that I had the leftovers for breakfast the next day.  They also had a truffle mac and cheese which was just as delicious.  Their wine list was superb and we were able to try a rare Cabernet at a reasonable price.  Finally, their bread and butter basket was super.  The butter was so good I could have eaten a tub of it by myself.The service was just as good as the food.  Out waitress was attentive yet gave us our space.  One of the things I get nervous about when going out for fancy dinners is having to deal with condescending restaurant staff since we tend to be on the younger side of their demographic.  This was not a problem whatsoever at  Lon's.This is an amazing restaurant with some delicious food.
4	My wife and I have been to Lon's a couple of times, but are exclusive to the Sunday Brunch. We have enjoyed brunch before and after the hiring of the new chef and found the experience to be similar. The only complaint being the modification to a few of the dishes which were stellar as they initially existed. However, there has also been a few additions which we've welcomed. Like I said, overall, nothing much has changed.Lon's in the morning is a nice scene, a beautiful southwestern patio with comfortable furniture and the sights and smells of nature. Inside, a jazz combo fills in the empty spaces. Either way, an enjoyable experience. The service is always excellent, we have dealt with the same people each time, which says something about their performance.Overall, I enjoy the food greatly and certainly appreciate the consistency of Lon's. My wife and I are looking forward to having dinner there in the near future.
2	I was so excited to visit Lon's after reading the reviews. It sounded exactly what we needed....great food, laid back, and great service. Unfortunately, we did not find any of the above. We had reserved an outdoor table. When we showed up, the hostess looked down at our jeans and flip flops, then rolled her eyes. (We are from Seattle where nobody cares what you wear to dinner!) We were told it would be a 40 minute wait if we wanted to sit outside. We agreed to sit inside because we were hungry and we were thinking that it really doesn't matter where you sit if the food and service are great. We were put into a back room with a loud foursome and 6 empty tables. So much for the romantic evening! The service was pathetically slow. Very nice wait staff, just slow. At one point we received our wine 10 minutes after the course showed up. We ordered the chef's tasting menu with the wine pairing. The wine was very average and the food was even less. The food was one dimensional in taste. The veal looked and tasted like duck! I would bet a lot of money that it was duck. My other half did not think it was veal or duck but couldn't identify what it was. The wines were all very young which is OK if they were good. The desert wine was undrinkable. We justified the average wine selection due to the $35 price tag. You get what you pay for. I just wish I had the same experience that the rest of the reviewers had. I was so disappointed that I felt compelled to join Yelp so that I could write a review!
3	Was treated by my sister and bro-in-law to an outing here recently.  I was really looking forward to it, which if you read enough of my reviews I have huge issues fulfilling the prophecy.The setting is beautiful.  Really.  6 or 7 stars worthy.Service -- waiter was awesome, personable but not annoying.  Check-in, bartender, all excellent.  I don't think my water glass dipped below an inch all night.  The only slightly off thing was the bus boy (bus man?) trying to collect about 10 plates at the end of our meal, on a single trip, one plate stacked on top of the other.  I decided that he is secretly part of the circus and famous for carrying 20 plates at once. Great for the circus, slightly odd for a restaurant at this price point.Our dinner party sat down for dinner about 8:15 pm.  Five people, apps, entree and a couple shared deserts, pacing was pefect but at 10:15 pm it was us and another table.  Is this odd?  Is this really an early bird special- type place? I don't know.  Why am I mentioning this?  Not sure.I had the crab cake appetizer, very good, but served with a dollop of guacamole on top.  The guac was delicious but I just thought it was an odd combination.  I feel like an asshole.  For the entree I had the veal wrapped in proscuitto, cooked medium rare as recommended by the chef.  The outside sear on the meat was perfect.  Really.  I felt like I finally understand what celebrity chefs are talking about on the food network when they mention a "perfect sear".  However, the rest of the meat, eh.  Felt like I was chewing rubber bands.  I feared that I might knock my plate off the table trying to cut it.  I don't eat veal often (read: maybe once before if that).  Considering there are starving children in Africa -- hell, right down the street, I feel like an asshole for complaining about a $35 undercooked?  overcooked?  incorrectly cooked? cut of veal.  I could see myself returning for brunch on a special occasion but I'm not sure I would agree with some of the other raves here on Yelp.
1	We went here in March for my Father's birthday, when we made the reservation, we let them know. There are 3 big men in my family and they stuck us in some corner table that was hard for them to get in and out of. Our waiter was a man named "Brian" who was pretty sharp and rude. By the time we got there, it was late, we had a 9pm reservation so perhaps he had a long night. But my mother asked him to repeat something and he yelled "would you like some water?" It was pretty annoying because my mother is not hard of hearing or anything, she just didn't understand what he was asking. The food was mediocre. Anyway our friends had recommended this restaurant so highly that we were pretty disappointed. The waiter got a little nicer by the end of the dinner, but he had started out so bad, that we weren't impressed. Normally I would chalk this up to perhaps just the waiter having a bad day, but it just really isn't the most welcoming establishment. The restaurant does have a lot of ambiance and the outside area looked fantastic, but service plays a big part in where I would like to eat.
2	Although the restaurant atmosphere and outdoor seating is nice, the food was simply underwhelming. My wife and I tried the grilled shrimp and octopus cocktail which tasted like it had been frozen (and no evidence of any of it being grilled) and the flavor was just ehh, and the proscuitto wrapped veal entree was just as uninspiring. Well cooked but borrring. The fact that you pay $35 for an entree and may need to add additional sides is a bit unnerving as well. Good, attentive service but if you are a foodie, I would try elsewhere.
5	My Mom, Sister and I spent a few days in Scottsdale last week.  Lon's was wonderful!  The service was excellent and the food was great.  Ask to see the wine cellar.    It's amazing!
4	I adore Lons for the lunch crowd outdoor seating.  Service, food and atomosphere are all complimentary to one another.  This is the type of place you can meet for business or ladies lunch Monday -Wednesday once a week.  One of my favorite spots in PV.  I adore you LONS!
3	From what I remember it was just ok. For a fine dining establishment I didn't remember being impressed by their food. The shared appetizer, both entrees, and dessert were average. I splurged for my friend's b-day and thought I should've picked a better restaurant. It was stuffy with an older crowd and outdated design. I hope things have changed.
4	Jules was our server a few Wednesdays back for Lon's Wine Wednesday. We each got 4 tastes of Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand (2) and Australia (2). They were generous pours and I definitely got my $12 worth.  Jules was friendly and attentive and kept track of which girl was on which wine. We tried Lon's food special- three appetizers for $15. A seemingly good deal, but the portions are quite small. But there was enough for each girl to have a nibble of each item. Lon's is a fun place for girlfriends to meet or a date with your honey. It would also be great to take my parents to next time they're in town. The patio is quite beautiful and I cannot wait for the weather to cool down to enjoy some wine out there.
3	This place is an old-school Phoenix staple.  It's been here for years and is hidden away in one of the oldest (and wealthiest) Phx suburban neighborhoods,Paradise Valley.  Having said that you can expect if you go early for dinner you're going to be in a crowd of elders...nothing wrong with that, just telling you.We went later and found:- very friendly and attentive house staff- quick seating- great, funny waiter who helped us pick both food and wine- mixed reviews on the food, one poorly cooked piece of meat but it was so dark and the wine flowed so well I'll let this aspect fade from my memory like it didn't happen.It's isn't cheap but it isn't expensive.  I recommend everyone give it a shot...I have a feeling the Lon's experience is unique to the user and depending on the day / time of year one goes, that experience may vary greatly.
2	Patio was nice but that was it...service was slow (the woman was very nice when we saw her). Service and food made me think of being in a hammock. Relax, swaety, bored and somewhat comfortable.
4	We were very excited to try Lon's for Restaurant Week this year and I'm glad we made it first on our list.  We are early eaters, so we had and early reservation.  There were only two or three other tables on the patio, and yes, of course we sat on the patio.  After hearing so much about it, how could we not?  Unfortunately, it was still a little warmer than normal for September, but it wasn't too bad.  Either way, the patio is nice and I would much rather sit outside than inside.Karen was our server and she was great!  Full of knowledge, but not pushy with it.  She let us know we could take the bottle of wine home if we didn't finish it (always good to know which places do this and which ones don't).  And told us that they grow a lot of their own herbs and produce to try and be self-sustaining.  +1 Lons!As far as the "tasting menu" (or RW menu) goes, the verdicts when something like . . . Hermosa Salad, good. Calamari, great. Flatiron Steak, great. Jidori Chicken, good. Almond Roca, great. Peach Cobbler, great. So good dinner, delicious wine, amazing service and beautiful patio, even if it was still warm out.  A perfect place to enjoy AZ when the weather is nice and maybe even celebrate a special occasion.
4	We headed to Lon's last night for a client dinner and the weather was perfect. We sat outside on the gorgeous patio - luxurious but laid back. The service was great and the food was as well. I had the short ribs and seasonal vegetables. The short ribs were amazing, as were the baby carrots.
4	It was my first time here and I loved this restaurant. Beautiful grounds and we had a wonderful meal at sunset. The food was very good, with the truffle mac & cheese being a fave. The wine list is extensive with lots of unique choices. The staff was attentive and made good suggestions. Bonus: One person in our crew needed gluten free options and the kitchen gave her a ton of choices. So folks with food allergies, you can really eat here too!
4	A wonderful spot for an evening of food outdoors.  Use for a romantic event.  Food did not disappoint.
5	Coming straight from missing our flight to Cabo for the weekend*, my boyfriend and I instead decided to have a nice dinner to celebrate our anniversary.  We were still a bit bummed that we weren't dining on the beach, though, so Lon's had a lot to live up to to salvage the night.Fortunately, our dinner was phenomenal :)  The setting was really romantic - we sat out on the patio right in front of the fireplace, and the moon provided just enough light for the meal.We ordered the chef's tasting ($75 per person) with wine pairings (and extra $35).  Every course was delicious:- Oysters- Charcuterie plate with rabbit confit- Seared scallops over brussel sprouts and fingerling potatoes- Sliced kobe beef with gnocchi- Some chocolate orange pot de creme type of dessertThe standouts of the night were the rabbit confit (moist and flavorful) and the gnocchi (incredibly light and airy) - if these are offered as part of the regular menu, order them!We left after a 2.5 hour dinner happy and tipsy, completely letting go of the airport fiasco - for that reason alone: 5 stars!*Note to others: Check in for international flights a full 60 minutes ahead of time, even if you're not checking bags.  And yes, although it may not seem like Mexico should count, it does.
4	Great place for when you want to enjoy desert views and outdoor seating.  The food is nothing too challenging, southwestern takes on american favorites.  (Chops, chicken etc).  The desserts are a little weak here, but the meal overall can be magical.  A little coffee outside enjoying the stars will more than make up for it.  It is romantic and beautiful, perfect for a fancy 2nd date.  (I'm sighing as I write about it)Brunch is equally classy and relaxed.  It would be nice for a relaxed (but special occasion) brunch.
5	I went to Lon's with my family on a Saturday evening while I was in town for the BCS championship game, and we had an absolutely wonderful experience.  The entrees were absolutely superb (especially the rib eye, wow), and the sides and desserts were perhaps even better.  The bourbon glazed apple tart I had for dessert was literally the best dessert I've ever had.  The bartender also mixed perfect drinks all around.  My only criticism was the pedestrian and underwhelming beer menu.  But that's the tiniest of flaws in an otherwise grand experience.  It's a bit pricey, but highly recommended.
3	We had brunch at Lon's on Sunday, February 20th.  The location and the surroundings were beautiful.  The service was excellent.  The wine list was impressive.  The presentation of the food was lovely.  The actual food left something to be desired.We ordered one of the brunch packages and got the fruit plate and pastries for the table.  The selection was pedestrian.  I would have expected something more special (like mango or papaya on the fruit plate).  The poached eggs were too hard for the three people in our party who ordered them.  The lemon ricotta pancakes had good texture but I would have appreciate a lighter feeling to them and more flavor.
4	Located inside the very beautiful Hermosa Inn, this place has the most amazing location. Sitting outdoors gives a beautiful view of the mountains or if you are dining inside, you get the feel of the house of Lon , complete with a library, wine cellar and dining area. Went with a friend for a Sunday lunch and was greeted by a very cordial staff. Had mimosa which was very refreshing. I had the salmon and my friend had a chooped salad. Both were great. Tried the Mexican tiramisu for dessert that had a very nice presentation. A very good place to take a date or hang out with girlfirends . We couldnt sit outside as it was cloudy today but would love to go back and do that.
1	I am SOOOOOOOOOOO disappointed to say that Lon's *USED TO BE* my favorite restaurant.  Without reading the below positive reviews I can tell you they are most likely true.  The atmosphere is still amazing and the scenery is beautiful.  Lons has always been our go-to place for special occasions and out of town guests due to its hacienda type feel with being too desert-y.  This is exactly why I requested my 30th birthday be held at Lons when my large NY family arrived unexpectedly from out of town.  I can say the restaurant is 1000 times different since acquiring a new chef and not in a good way :(  The menu seemed very 'I just graduated culinary school and here are all my most impressive dishes.'  The wait staff has turned over in the last year and the new servers are not classically trained and did not seem to have even been given the basics (IE Sir, Ma'am, pointing at the guests.....when we asked for meal recommendations he actually said "Anything but the chicken.  Because its...chicken") Although I saw the sommelier lurking around the restaurant he never once approached our table.  The wine steward was pompous and not at all helpful...instead of making suggestions when asked he instead said he had the perfect thing and left our table without mentioning what it was!  As to the menu....To begin with every single appetizer on the menu involved seafood.  This was annoying because A) my boyfriend does not eat seafood and B) its fricken Arizona people!  How fresh CAN it be?? Even the soup was of the ocean.  The good: My sister and I ordered the caprese salad (which was titled something silly and ostentatious)  It was the highlight of the meal, truly exceptional and served with tiny heirloom cherry tomatoes.  I had the beef tenderloin which was also very good but served on a brick of par boiled and pan seared potatoes which was tasteless and made me wonder why rich people are too good for mash potatoes.The bad: my sister ordered the sea bass which was served with clams.  Not only were the clams bad (bitter/spoiled flavor), the sea bass tasted off.  (I was doubly embarrassed for Lon's as I had assured her Sea bass is usually brought in from Mexico and especially fresh).  She didn't want to mention it to the server but considering we were celebrating I felt it was important she enjoy her experience and let the server know the CHEF needed to know the clams were bad.  The manager came out and not only implied she didn't know what she was talking about "Just to let you know, the chef is preparing a 2nd batch to taste them and make sure they're good"  he did not replace the dish (although he did offer.  Shouldn't he have sent out a replacement ANYWAY??? or something..../) He continued to monitor our table the rest of the evening with a distinct 'Have the complainers left yet?' air.To be honest I am so disgusted in the changes at Lons I'm just going to list the rest out for you to consider.  Lon's is not a bad restaurant....its simply not the excellent gem it once was :(  1) Only 1 chocolate dish on the dessert menu. 2) My favorite-a truly spectacular and unique dessert- the almond roca- is long gone. 3) Dessert chef sent out my birthday 'huckelberry tartlet' without acknowledgement of special occasion. 4) Poor server tried to rectify by bringing out 3 tiny dessert chocolates with a candle and happy birthday written on the plate which would have been truly awesome if there had been enough for all 9 of us and he hadn't had to write in chocolate himself- which was sloppy and kind of sad.  Obviously the kitchen was done with our table.  5) FYI...skip the huckelberry tart.  Remember hostess fruit pies?  Different shape, same flavor.  6) Although it was a week night I truly never expected to be sat next to a family wearing shorts, sneakers and t-shirts in the dining room.  We were obviously dressed black tie and celebrating a special occasion.  Seriously?  7) Even the hostess was annoyed when we arrived on time for our reservation.  She asked us if we wanted to sit in the lounge but I can assure you my 90 year old grandmother would rather sit down where we're eating.  She proceeded to ignore us for 5 minutes while we waited to be sat.  Finally, I would like to mention that I don't mean to sound low brow .....but for close to $1000 I expected a special, memorable experience.  While I assume my family will remember Lon's, unfortunately it will be as the worst dinner we had during their vacation.
5	Will keep it simple.Wines:  great.  Ask for Rick Fizz to guide you.Food:  can't say enough...Bar:  love the size...intimateFire pits:  enjoy a drink while waiting for your table or simply eat/drink by the fire.Love the history, authenticy, location, and quality at Lon's
5	Wow.  That about sums it up.  Wow.  I've wanted to eat at Lon's for a while now, and finally got the chance this week.  Everything from start to finish exceeded my expectations.  First off, they have an excellent wine list;  I tried both the Malbec and the Zinfandel.  Very tasty and a pretty generous pour! We started with a caprese-ish salad of campari tomatoes and house made mozzarella, and for an entree I had the pork tenderloin and crispy pork belly.  It was served with a braised pear, grits, and sauteed broccolini.  If it were at all appropriate, I would have licked the plate.  My tenderloin was cooked perfectly (I asked for medium) and the pork belly just melted as I ate it.  We finished up with a huckleberry pie which, having grown up in Montana, reminded me of home.  This dinner wasn't cheap, but for the experience I had, I was happy to pay it, and can't wait to go back.
5	Lon's is heaven. Sit outside at sunset and smell the pinon fires, watch the sun go down and enjoy the great food.
4	The outdoor dining is area is second to none and the grounds are charming.  Has anyone every tried the Macaroni and Cheese at Lon's At the Hermosa Inn?  I could not BELIEVE such a pedestrian dish could taste so DIVINE!  There's been a new chef there for about 1 year now - so I'm not sure that the SAME truffle macaroni and cheese is still or even ON the menu.  Our last waiter said that people order it for takeout - probably for the sake of not having to stay and order a $$$$ meal.
5	One of the top 3 dining experiences in AZ.The smell, look, and ambiance of this place is incredible.  If you can eat outside, do it!  But if you can't, enjoy inside as it is great.  Small, cozy rooms make for intimate and romantic meals.  The food is special, wines are terrific, and the desserts tasty.Make time to venture down to the subterranean wine room -- very special to see.
5	Loved this place! I am vegan, so got the grilled vegetable panini minus the cheese, and it was delicious. The fries on the side were some of the best fries i've ever had too. Gorgeous tranquil outdoor seating. A nice little secluded getaway for a bite to eat. Will return! Waitstaff was fantastic too.
2	I had almost the same bad experience as another reviewer.  This used to be a good restaurant but I think it is resting on its past glory.  The atmosphere is still great.  The surrounding is beautiful.  However, the food has gone downhill.  My girlfriend and I went there to celebrate her birthday.  We ordered the calamari appetizer.  It tasted nothing like calamari.  It was more like some kind of fish and it was soft, just like fish.  The sea bass I ordered was very average.  They throw in a few sticks of something to make it look presentable.  But, for $30 an entree' I expected something better.Since this is my girlfriend's birthday, I thought they would be decent enough to bring a small piece of cake or dessert to help her celebrate.  Guess what?  The waiter has the gall to bring 2 teeny pieces of chocolate with a candle on the plate.  I almost wanted to throw it back at him.  This is an insult, after spending more than $100 on the bill, all they can give you is 2 tiny pieces of chocolate?  Even Denny's will give you a free breakfast on your birthday.  It shows that this restaurant has no class.Save your money and go to any of the new restaurants with an up and coming chef.  Some place where they really want your business.
4	Patio is super nice for brunch.  Food is good, not great the ambiance trumps that.
4	I kind of like this place. Pros- CornbreadSolid wine listBoys in Levi's large portionsAwesome specialsCons-Sub-par calamariSome of the staff was snobbyThe atmosphere here is just peachy. South western vibe- large oak trees cover the patio. You can watch the star studded sky and roaring fire while enjoying dinner. I would only eat here if I'm dining on the patio. The food is solid, not the best I've ever had but the portions are generous, it is fresh, and it's good. I had the halibut, calamari, lime cheesecake with a bottle of Rochioli Sauvignon Blanc. They were accommodating and quick. The halibut was great.The calamari sucked. Over-cooked, over-battered, rubbery. Lime Cheesecake was okay- no crust, I liked that. The steak looked sooo good. Made a vegetarian like me drool. Will return- boy in tow.
5	One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.  This restaurant is so quaint and beautiful.  Definitely a must to sit outside during the nice weather!  The food is fantastic, the service is superb and the setting is spectacular!  The tortilla soup and the halibut were delicious.  The Sunday brunch is very nice as well.
4	Boy was not as impressed as I but I thought it was good and worth mentioning. We went for restaurant week, which I have learned can either be good or bad. (During one restaurant week several years ago I was served overcooked chicken on what could only have been canned peas and corn-we never went back for the regular menu) I was impressed by Lon's.Ambiance: Excellent although next time we will request a patio seat. If it isn't 100 degrees outside, I suggest you do the same. Staff was excellent. Our server was introduced to us as "Frenchie." We immediately found out why. She was thorough and thoughtful with her recommendations.Food: Now here is where it gets complicated. I had the chilled pea soup and I thought it was really great. Flavor was good, ingredients and style were all appropriate for the weather. The roasted chicken was my next course and  thought this was great too. Overall, excellent food until I tried the boy's calamari- not so much. I know many people appreciate large portions but the law of diminishing returns applies to one's appetite as well. The calamari was large, deep fried and piled high. Bloated and uncomfortable after consuming large quantities of fried food, he wasn't even slightly hungry after he finished the first course. Now, I know, he could have stopped eating the on his own. I agree. he made a personal choice to eat the fried but I think there has to be some portion planning on the chef's part as well or at least a warning "Caution: you will not be interested in any other food item after consumption of the calamari". Needless to say he was not impressed at all with his second course, the hanger steak. Wine: lots of options- very pleased.
5	Very pricey, and a once a year date night experience for us, but well worth it. This is one of the Best Kept Secrets of Arizona. This hidden treasure is unsurpassed in scenery and ambiance. We go in the winter near sunset sit on the front patio with chimineas burning and savor the dinner and the experience. Sunset views of the praying monk on Camelback Mountain are beautiful. This old house has tons of history and the wine cellar downstairs is magnifique! No I'm not french..... nor am I a snob.....it is just the only word that fits this unique rustic room.
4	This place is a bit oddly located in an otherwise residential neighborhood. The patio here is awesome and a great place to go for dinner at dusk. While you're waiting cozy up to the bar where one of the friendly bartenders will serve you up an expertly mixed concoction tailored to your liking.It is a more quiet atmosphere and my date and I were the youngest people there, but no worries. The food is very fresh with herbs from their onsite, organic garden. I had a nice piece of filet with some awesomely prepared kale. She had duck which was tasty and prefectly crisp. All in all a pleasant evening with good food, the ambiance is what really makes the occassion. A special hats off to the server who had to deal with the obnoxious cougar behind me who would not shut up and give it a rest about the foie gras...that poor fellow had the patience of a saint.....my date wanted to take a knife and cut her.
4	My boyfriend & I went to Lon's for a romantic date night at sunset. He picked Lon's because there are many sources saying it's a great place to watch an Arizona sunset which we found out is simply not true but the food was delicious & the evening lovely. - Sunset: Yes worthy of it's own review because this place is lauded as a top place to watch it. We were given the best table in the house for watching the sunset...but you can't see much of the sunset or mountains over all the brush and other stuff out there. We even went outside and wandered around the property at sunset to find a better vantage point, but no luck. I will give props to the great service at Lons - our server told us to just head out and he'd put our food orders in when we returned.- Stuffed Squash Blossoms: This was a special appetizer on their prix fixed menu, and it was amazing! Not only was there the squash blossom stuffed with delicious creamy warm cheese, but the entire stem was attached and fried as well. I've never had squash blossom stem and found it to be delightful, like a firmer zucchini. The salad underneath was dressed with a tangy creamy vinagrette that perfectly complemented the squash. So good!- Bread Platter: Complimentary and so good! Hands down our favorite was the cornbread - super buttery and moist with a kick of heat. Awesome.- Roasted Vegetable Quinoa Salad: A special not on the menu choice for vegetarians and I loved it. Earthy red quinoa mixed with perfectly roasted veggies drizzled with a grassy olive oil.- Pork: My boyfriend had this and enjoyed it. The creamed corn that came with the dish was delicious.- Truffled Papas Fritas: Awesome truffle fries. They used enough truffle oil so each bite really tastes like it. - Prickly Pear Margarita: I'm calling this drink out because it was way too sweet and gave me a bit of an upset stomach. If you don't like sweet drinks, beware of this one.I doubt that we'd return for another meal (if the sunsets were more spectacular than it would be worth the price) but it is a lovely date spot and is definitely worth going to at least once.
4	Great food and service. Nice weekend brunch, albeit with no buffet and somewhat limited menu. Restaurant appears to be very slow during the summer months, no reservation needed.
2	I will be up front about the low rating it is based on the service we received. Get there early if you would like to enjoy a great dinner the way it should be.  We will get back to that.  I went to Lon's with a group of 4.  We arrived and where seated on the amazing patio with a perfect ambiance for a great dinner.  We ordered a bottle of wine and we all had ordered different entrees not one of use could have asked for a better meal the food was great.  The location is perfect.  But as I said it's about the service.  When you're paying $375.00 for dinner you would like to have a little service with it.  We had arrived around 8:30 and had asked if we were too late for a group of 4, "OF course not we don't stop serving till 10pm" so we were seated and everything was going well till about middle of dinner about 9:15 the other tables had started to leave and the crew started turning down the tables removing table cloths and candles putting out the fire ect. This went on till we were the only table to remain.  The dessert had arrived about 9:45 and the lights had been turned off inside and around the bar area.  The perfect ambiance I spoke of well that was out the window, felt like we were there waiting for a friend get off work and he had brought us dinner while we wait.  Then the employees would all stand at the corner of the restaurant and look over our way, we decided to just pay up and get out of there.  I think they need to change the policy to stop serving at 10 to we are closed up tight by 10.
4	Came here for happy hour last Wed. so this review is for the bar only.  We got the 3 tapas for $15 deal.  The food was fantastic but very small portions so we did end up ordering chips with salsa and guacamole on top of it.  The tapas trio was served on a wrought iron "tree" which makes for a beautiful presentation.  But you can see from the pics that it really only feeds one person unless you are planning to have dinner afterwards.  All the food was delicious but at the end of the night we spent almost $60 for two and still left hungry.Of course, that was really my fault since I am a sucker for those high-priced specialty cocktails. Those went down a little too easy at $12-$14 a pop. I highly recommend the one with grapefruit and basil.  It was truly amazing.  Very tasty and fresh but not too sweet.  I also tried the one made with gin and chambord which I did not like as much as I thought would but it was made by the other bartender and I think that had something to do with it.  Unfortunately, I didn't catch either of their names so I am no help there.  But when you go, look for a woman at the bar with the long, sandy blond pony tail 'cause she rocks!  I probably should have just stuck to beer like my husband since those were only $4. Which is not bad considering they had a great selection, though unfortunately everything was bottled, no taps.  They had the usual higher end stuff like Stella, Guinness, and New Belgium. Plus some awesome local beers like Four Peaks (Kiltlifter and 8th St ale), San Tan (Epicenter and hefeweizen) and Nimbus (ipa).Of course the setting was lovely since the bar is adjacent to Lon's and connected to their famous patio.  I just love the decor here.  Upscale rustic southwest, beautifully done.  It was too hot to sit outside but we did stroll around the grounds of the Hermosa Inn a bit and everything looked gorgeous.  We will definitely be back for dinner the next time we have a special occasion to celebrate.
2	Looked forward to eating here for so long...too bad it was on my birthday - food was good but the service was deplorable so not going to rehash this too much (apologies to my man and bro as I know they were also hoping for better)The appetizers were by far the best thing - the entree's were good with red meat being the star. Peach cobbler desert was all topping that I swear was merely microwaved and had one slice of grilled peach - putting a candle on it did nothing to make me think this was the birthday dessert I was for... I highly recommend the flight of 10, 20 30 & 40 yr old ports - this mellowed out the complete waste of skin that was our server. Not sure if he thought we looked unable to tip for a spendy bill or weren't as enthralled as the table next to us with his Montana stories but my brother aptly reconfirmed his tip expectation with 7% - too much in my opinion for not giving diddley about someone chosing their restaurant to celebrate in.
5	this was my birthday surprise dinner from my lady and i couldn't have been more surprised and impressed. after a long and winding drive through residential areas, i was pleased to find this quiet and secluded spot in our desert. as we parked, i noticed a very large garden area with dozens of raised beds, and the chef perusing the goods for the meals. i love that stuff!once inside, we were seated almost immediately. it's a simple thing, but what impressed me the most was how my water glass NEVER went below half-empty. we must have had 4-5 "servers"....the guy who took us to our table (and chatted with us like he'd known us for years), the bread guy, the water guy, the wine guy, and our actual waitress. she was extremely friendly and didn't pester us every minute asking "are you ready? are you ready?" she simply watched from afar and as soon as we closed our menu, she was there. yes, we were ready. i had the salmon. it tasted super fresh, flaky, and with a nice light sear. and a little gamey, something some folks don't like, but i enjoy that. my gal had the halibut and it was even more flaky and light, again with a light sear and cooked to perfection. we had the 'frites' or french fries sprinkled with parm and chives and a truffle dipping sauce. probably our favorite thing was the beer battered mushroom side. it was a very big, deep fried weird asian mushroom thing with a sauce and it was DELICIOUS!!! tender and warm and crispy. and to top it all off, we split a desert which left me feeling like i should've worn my stretchy pants. pair everything with a slightly sweet pinot gris and i was set for the night. my gal always takes care of me and this birthday dinner was no exception. Lons is a great, romantic (albeit pricey) restaurant and if we owned that house up on Camelback mtn, i'm sure we'd be regulars!
5	I had no idea the history of the restaurant until we arrived. Our host pointed out that the building is actually made of adobe, as there was an "open" wall to showcase this. It was built by an artist and his work is displayed on the walls of the restaurant. There is a traditional southwestern, cowboy motif throughout, but it's tastefully done. I heard Lon's was great for their sunset views and chose this as a special place to bring my husband for his birthday.  Unfortunately, no one was seated outside on their patio and where we were seated inside, we couldn't see the sunset, which was disappointing. I have only positives to say about the food and the service however. Attentive, friendly, polite, we never felt that we were looking around for our waitress. As a matter of fact when I reached around to grab our bottle of wine to refill our glasses she magically appeared to do that for us.Dinner was amazing; from the tasty breadbasket and herb butter through the sabayon dessert. We ordered the salmon and halibut which were cooked beautifully. The pommes and beer-battered maikaki (sp?) mushroom sides were devoured.  Get the mushroom if you go...it was our favorite item of the evening.I made the reservation on open table and mentioned that it was my husbands birthday. When we were seated our host gave a card to my husband which was signed by the staff. I thought it was a nice touch.
4	I've been here several times over the years on my various trips to Phoenix and never been disappointed. I recently spent a night at the Hermosa Inn where Lon's is located, so I actually ate three meals here and found the quality high again. The dining room is in what used to be cowboy artist Lon Megargee's house, so seating is in a couple of different rooms. There's also a patio dining area out front with a beautiful fountain, but it's typically not open in the summer and that's always when I come, so I've never been able to try that. Service is always great, with lots of folks who have been working here for a long time. The menu has about 8 selections each for appetizer and main course. At dinner, I had the Arizona salad, which was greens with bleu cheese, pecans, mixed berries and a berry vinaigrette. Nice. My main course was one of the best things I've had lately--a roasted halibut with a mushroom broth, crispy snow peas for textural contrast, and a picked English cucumber salad to balance the salt of the fish. It was truly sensational. I'm not really that big on dessert (carbs are my weakness), but I tried their housemade sorbets, which included raspberry and blackberry-apple. They came with white-and-milk-chocolate straws. Very nice. The wine list surpasses extensive and borders on the ridiculous, but I found it to be very reasonably priced. There are over a dozen bottles in the $35-$40 range, then of course they go way up from there. My only complaint would be that I've noticed over the years there is a lack of unusual dishes. They have creative and well-executed preparations of the standard fish, chicken, meat stuff, but I'd love to see some more adventurous game and fowl selections. I'd be very interested to see what the chef could do with things like bison, quail, elk, boar, etc. The menu changes frequently, but I have noticed that there seems to be a standard rotation of base ingredients.
4	I love Lon's at the Hermosa. The food is fabulous and the service is top notch. You won't be disappointed at Lon's.If they aren't too busy, ask for a tour of the place. It's really something to see.
5	This place is awesome! The brunch was fantastic, our Italian waiter was polite and funny, and the manager took us on a tour of the amazing wine room! Can't wait to go back.
4	The ladies love it. Romantic setting with pretty typical high end menu. Food is very good but not unique.  Neat setting in a very high end residential area. Good but not great.
2	We ate at Lon's the evening after our wedding a year ago and had a memorable experience. A year later was a different story. Ambiance is beautiful on the patio. In reality the food is decent. Good quality but the older well established restaurants in Phx are notorious for relying heavily on butter, cream and oil for flavor. If you've lived elsewhere you know what I am referring to. Lon's is no different but does this 'genre' nicely anyhow. We arrived 10 min prior to res on Sunday. I'd made a note on res as to our history, wanting to make this our annual tradition and a 'go-to' spot as we live a 10 min walk away. Gent at front didn't even look up from computer screen and basically said 'just wait a bit.' Thirty minutes after res time we were seated. No offer of drinks in the meantime. Love the ambiance. Food was late, lukewarm, very heavily oiled and salty as heck (salmon and tenderloin). No sincere attempt from Lon's at making this memorable. I did not expect any sort of freebie or handout, just a sincere acknowledgment that someone had taken just a second to read what I had written on our on-line reservation about this special occasion for us. I realize we aren't the only couple to have an anniversary at Lon's but it is special for us and of all the restaurants in the Valley we chose to Lon's in hopes of beginning a long tradition. The server was very nice, Robert I believe. He did welcome us warmly and acknowledged our anniversary and we were happy with his attentiveness.  May give Lon's another try as we all have off nights but not for a special occasion.
5	Best Short Ribs in town!  Great place!
1	Had dinner on the patio 10/24/11 while visiting Scottsdale. Heard from someone at our hotel to check it out and I found it on Yelp. Had an 8pm reservation and we were ignored for the longest time at the hostess desk. Finally seated 30 min later! They actually had a rack of lamb (16oz) on the menu for $68!!!  The waiter couldn't even explain why. Why list was crazy expensive too and not that great. One bottle we had the prior night, was on their list for $38 more than we paid at The Santuary's restaurant!!  Save your money and don't bother going!!!  Service and food certainly did not reflect the prices charged! Very disappointed. Was looking forward to ending our trip with an amazing meal! :(
5	The coy wafts of Alligator Juniper wood burning all around is olfactory romance.  The ambiance is simply unparalleled.  The food is very good, but is truly trumped by the ambiance which is romantic in a adobe wrapped authentic way.  Even though there are many patrons dining, and even close by, you still feel very intimate with your date, friend, or small party.  The grounds outdoors by the water fountain are idyllic.  The bar staff inside was very friendly and a pleasure to be around.  The wine cellar downstairs, which I believe can be booked for private dinners, was magnificent.  My friend and I snuck down there to check it out after dinner, and it was an amazing discovery.  So far, this has been the best ambiance for dining I've found in Scottsdale.  Anything you get there will taste better because of the aura of the establishment.
3	We were in town staying @ the Biltmore. The reviews were enticing.  Yes, beautiful ambiance and a great place for a romantic dinner.  Our server was outstanding.  Very knowledgeable and easy going (Midwesterner of course).  The tuna appetizer was fantastic!  Probably the best we've ever had.  Unfortunately the steak was a disappointed for the price we paid. We love rib-eye, so when we saw it on the menu we knew what we would order. The aroma was amazing but the steak itself, chewy and over charred. Come on!!!  For sides Amy had the mac & cheese.  Salty and OK but not great.  The broccoli, OK but not great!  Same with the mashed potatoes.  It was a beautiful restaurant by left disappointed.
5	On a crisp fall evening in Phoenix (which means 60 degrees) you can smell the wood fires burning on the expansive patio as the valet takes your keys.This was a dinner for 4 and a birthday celebration for a 12 year old. Right away, the staff made our birthday guest feel special with her preference of seating (table 4- indoors with sunset views) and a birthday card from the restaurant. Our server, I think her name was Dolores, spoke with a French accent, which made the birthday experience even fatter for a 12 year old girl who had never climbed past Olive Garden fancy up til tonight. Dolores(?) answered all the questions the 2 younger guests had, such as what's Jidori mean? What is foie gras? And is pork belly really just bacon?We started off the meal with the complimentary bread basket (chile corn bread, and the most awesome ancho flatbread) and some calamari. Calamari is supposed to be tender and not rubbery and this was perfectly cooked.The menu changes seasonally at Lon's and we all decided that we were going to go for something hearty, so it was sea bass, pork duo and the Jidori chicken. Our server said the chicken was a half-bird, so two of us split that entree (which the staff accomplished at our table without a sidewards glance) and because the goat cheese mac n cheese is a requirement here, we ordered a side of that. With 2 glasses of wine, an appetizer and 3 entrees, I spent $165 including the tip.The patrons at Lon's are mostly an older crowd, but it's a classy place with really delicious food and great service and a rustic atmosphere. Perfect spot for a special occasion in Paradise Valley.
1	Lon's was a complete bust.  Mom took me for a "nice" Christmas dinner.  We succeeded on atmosphere, but that was about it.  While the service was just okay, the food was just terrible.  Keep in mind this was a Christmas Day prix fixe menu at $68/pp, which by Phoenix standards should be the best meal I've had all year.Appetizers - some sort of sushi thing that was drowned in seaweed, tasted okay but was barely noticeable on the plate.  Also a lobster cake which was okay, came out cold, and wasn't nearly as good as the worst crab cake I've ever had.Entrees - prime rib came out cold, and I've had better at a cheap buffet carving station.  Veal scallopini was chewy (kind of like a microwaved sponge), and had the most tasteless mozzarella cheese I've ever had.  When we brought this to the attention of the waitress, she asked that they remake all of our food.  About a half hour later we got a better (still not good) version of the veal, and opted to try the ravioli instead of the prime rib they had run out of.  At least the veal came out hot this time.  The ravioli wasn't bad, but probably had more oil than any other ingredient.  I felt greasy after eating it, which was a shame.  Neither of our meals seemed to have any inspiration or fresh ingredients whatsoever.Desserts - what a sin.  I wonder if this place pays a pastry chef?  I'm spoiled by my step mom's bread pudding, so I understand when others don't step up to the plate, but the bread pudding here is something I would never waste a calorie on again.  And my "apple pie" was simply a joke.  It was clearly canned filling that they didn't even bother to heat, stuffed inside a dry pie shell that tasted like a mouth full of flour.  Ugh!Our waitress sent the manager over, and he initially came off as unapologetic and insulted that we were unhappy.  He had to go to the table right next to us a few minutes later.  After we waited 20 minutes for our check, he came back again in a slightly better mood.  He explained that the kitchen was tired after being there since the morning and had lost their creativity.  OK I get it, I was tired too, but what kind of creativity do you need to heat up an unimaginative, standard menu?The night ended with our two glasses of wine and one of our two meals comped.  It was the right thing to do, although I still don't feel like we received nearly a $70 meal.  With so many other locally-focused and inspired restaurants all over the valley, I would certainly recommend against dinner at Lon's.  If I were to go back, it would only be for a glass of wine out on the patio (although I can list a few places I'd rather go for that, too).
5	Food was fabulous.  Service was outstanding.  The fried calamari was really good...not outstanding but really yummy.  The heirloom salad was delicious but tiny (as expected).  The salmon and pork entrees were fabulous.  The meal was completed with a complimentary chocolate ganache that was the perfect ending to a wonderful meal.  The outside door where the wait staff entered and exited did provide a really chilly breeze that was slightly irritating but it was an unusually cold night.  Besides that issue the atmosphere was wonderful and romantic.
3	Good brunch and the atmosphere on the patio was very nice, but a pretty significant (I won't call fatal) flaw that merits no more than an A-OK.  If you cannot remove an ingredient from a dish on request you either do or do not, there is no try.  We asked for no onions, answer was yes, but when the dish came it had onions in it.  When we pointed it out we were told the cook tried to remove them but couldn't from the pre-made mix.  Appreciate the flexibility in trying to accommodate, but what if instead of a food we preferred to avoid it was in fact an allergy and you knowingly passed it onto us? Why not just tell us it's a mix and you can't really separate it from the meal ... instead of just serving it up anyway? The general lack of interest shown by the waiter on this left us with a bad feeling.  Despite their efforts and a few bright spots, there were some breakdowns in customer service (not just the one mentioned) and staff training, which add up to a lack of compelling reason to return.  So we probably won't.
5	Excellent as usual. Terrific food, atmospher, and service.
1	Friday night we went to a business dinner as a part of a party of 6. While the ambiance was FANTASTICALLY AMAZING, the dinner was amazingly disappointing in every other way. Our bill totalled $850 and was paid for on our host's expense account so no personal money was wasted but it still REALLY bothered me how HORRIBLE and DISGRACEFUL both the service and the food were. Appetizers were not served and when we remind our waiter, RIchard, he had the nerve to charge us for the one we still wanted! The food was really inconsistent--our host did not like his cauliflower soup or snapper. Desert orders were taken in bits and pieces JUST TO NAME A FEW OF THE PROBLEMS. It makes no sense how a seemingly fine fine fine restaurant can have such poor service and do nothing in the end for its guests. The whole experience was really mind-bending since the potential was tremendous and the result so poor.
3	I give this restaurant three stars.  One star because the wait staff and bartenders were friendly and warm. One star because their hamburger was perfectly cooked, juicy and the carmalized onions -- to die for!  And One star because the eggs benedict was AMAZING.  I with held one star because 3 out of the four hostess were downright rude including one event where a hostess was berating a server in harsh terms in front of us.  I also with held one star because the food was very hit or miss. . .  and don't order from the room service menu . . . . the food arrived limp, cold and soggy.  The hamburger and eggs benedict were amazing, the calamari I wish I'd never ordered.  Same with the fish and chips (bland and soggy). But, if you can brave your way past the hostesses and are willing to cherry pick through a menu, bon apetit.
3	Unfair review to follow.  I've heard about this place and decided to try it after hanging at Chelsea's Kitchen (love patio drinking) since I was in the area.I'm 32 and wife is 27.  Pulled up to this beautiful little resort but it was surprisingly dead considering the packed house and upbeat vibe at Chelsea's Kitchen.We parked the car and walked past the wall to the patio.  That is unfortunately where our visit stopped.  They were playing elevator music to old folks who were eating quietly on white linen table cloths.If that is you, have fun.  Its certainly not me.
5	Jerry Maguire's "You had me at hello" altered for Lon's...."You had me at Tortilla Soup". Delish all over! Ambiance: We ate outside because of the perfect weather we're having. The grounds were beautiful. All of the landscaping seemed brighter than usual. Just beware that the grounds pool is not far from the patio, so you might get some partially dressed residents/guests during your time there. Service: Exceptional. My water never got below 1/3, which is hard because I drink water like it's going out of style. The food came out pretty quickly too. I also love that they'll box your food at your table. I don't know why but I prefer that over the the waiter taking it back to the kitchen to box up. Food, omg the food: I started with the tortilla soup. It was creamy, spicy without being killer hot, and full of southwest herbs. The chicken was right off the grill and cut into small strips. Tortilla strips to give it a crunch, and a dollop of fresh guacamole at the bottom as a small surprise at the end. For my entree, I had the grilled vegetable panini on foccacia. It was full of seasonal veggies (i.e. roasted peppers, asparagus, portobello, caramelized onions) with melted mozzarella. Savory and surprisingly not messy. It was served with an apple slaw (perfect for this time of year) and a mixed green salad which was better than any other mixed green salad I've ever had. Just plain exceptional.Tip: Get the tortilla soup and sit outside if weather permits.
4	A wonderfully leisurely Sunday Brunch
5	I had lunch at Lon's and wow, what a great experience.  Great food, great service and great ambiance outside.  I met the Chef at an event and he was less than friendly.  Maybe he was having a bad day?  His unfriendliness aside, this is a must try if you are  in the area.
5	Utterly fantastic!  Seared Ahi on a scorching hot Himalayan salt brick... Are you kidding me: makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  Duck Confit in a mesquite bean crepe... Say what?  This chef is as creative and focused on flavor as any in the state.   The wine list was well crafted, thoughtful and fairly priced.  I rarely give 5 stars but this place rocks!  Great  ambiance and outdoor seating that borders on perfect.
4	I really love Lon's.  My BF and I stayed at the Hermosa Inn and ate at Lon's for pretty much every meal.The service was fantastic.  We had the same server each night and she was great.  Really attentive, and gave great recommendations on local beers the restaurant stocked.The food was fantastic.  Everything we had was just perfect.  They have a great apple and goat cheese salad that I had every chance I could (read: pool side for lunch - every day) and the salmon and brussel sprouts was excellent!  The Ahi tuna is also fantastic!  It's served on a alt brick so it cooks as you eat it - raw in the center, seared on the outside... YUM!  My advice:  Get the cowboy bar.  It will change your life.  So So Good.  I had one each of the four nights I stayed at the Hermosa, and all four nights, I wanted a second one.The restaurant was also really good about accommodating specific dietary needs - which I really appreciate.  The crowd is a bit older, but don't be dismayed.  The restaurant also has the Last Drop Bar attached and people are there to drink and have a good time.Plus, it is just stunning.  I imagine it would be a FANTASTIC place for a wedding receptions or rehearsal dinners because it is so beautiful.  We ate outside since it was gorgeous weather, but the inside was nice too with a rustic feel and fireplaces.  One night we were there had a cowboy singing outside which I thought was a really nice touch to the ambiance of the place.Lon's is a great place for a lovely dinner in a beautiful, romantic setting.
3	Last two visits to Lon's were a disappointment.  Server was rushed with too many tables.  My salad plate was cleared with my cutlery and not replaced.  Everyone was served their entree and I had nothing to eat with!  When I tried to catch the attention of my server, he ignored me!  Finally told everyone to start without me.  I finally snagged a passing busboy to accomodate me.  My last visit, I ordered the barrata cheese salad which I've had here before and was luscious.  This time the cheese was the consistency of a glob of paint on a paint lid.  Chewy and hard.  I sent it back and they microwaved the cheese to make it gooey!!  Awful mess.  I have always recommended this place for its ambience and food.  The latter and the service are amiss.  Will have to be convinced that they have improved greatly before I return!
4	Very high quality food in a good atmosphere.  Didnt blow me away to get the 5th star and the service was terrible even though the restaurant was near empty.
3	I was in Phoenix for business, traveling alone, and based on the reviews decided to go to Lon's for dinner.  I wanted a nice outdoor seating environment. While I enjoyed my dining experience, there were several factors that prevented Lon's from being a five-star dinner in my book.  If you are traveling on business, or eating with work colleagues, I would not recommend Lon's. On the night that I ate there, it appeared to be predominately patronized by retirees.  It was a leisurely crowd, as opposed to a more urban, more serious crowd.  This is not to say that the customers were not enjoying their meals, but if you are a business traveler in a suit or eating alone, you would definitely feel out of place at Lon's amongst those 60-and-70-somethings meeting friends for a long dinner.  I also had the impression that it was the type of place you might go for an anniversary, or special birthday.  There was a large group of 8 people celebrating a family occasion.  It lacked the seriousness of the types of places i like to go to when I travel for business.  That's not the restaurant's fault at all, but prospective customers should be aware of the target market at Lon's.What the restaurant is responsible for is overcooking my rack of lamb, which at a surprise $68, ought to have been cooked perfectly and included a bit more on the plate.  The price on the menu indicated "market price" but I would never have guessed at the actual price.  I really should have returned the lamb, but was trying to enjoy my evening and didn't want to make a big deal out of something that was totally edible and for which I would be submitting my receipt for reimbursement.  Nevertheless, i was just not impressed with the quality of the food for the price.My waiter was very good, although was FAR more attentive to the tables with four people than he was even to the tables with two people.  He chatted up the four-toppers, while leaving us two-toppers and singles to linger.  The outdoor dining patio was very nice, although it was quite dark.  While I am only 36 years old, I had a great deal of difficulty seeing the details of my meal while I was eating it, and the waiter actually used a flashlight to illuminate it as it was being served to me so that I could "see what I paid for."  Overall, Lon's was very nice, but the kind of place I would take my mom for mother's day or her birthday.  I won't go back for a business dinner, and probably won't go back when I am in town again in a few weeks.  I just didn't connect with it.  Lon's had every opportunity to make me a "raving fan" of it's food, service, and atmosphere, and it failed to do so despite its positive attributes.
3	I was really looking forward to a good Happy Hour.... But it was just standard... This might be a silly bone to pick, but I really, truly, hate it when you go somewhere and there's no menu. The place had a food menu, but there was no HH menu. It's hard to remember how much imports, domestics, wine, wine flights, etc are when they're just rattled off to you by the bartender/server... HUGE PLUS- On Wednesdays there's a free cheese/berry board to munch on during HH. Location is beautiful. I think I'll go back for a dinner in the courtyard area, but probably not for HH... There are definitely better deals in the area.
1	Went to Lon's this past week to celebrate my friend's 94th birthday.  The reservation was made and also stated about the birthday.  We were seated by the Manager who pulled out my birthday friend's chair and also failed to push it in.  He never mentioned the birthday.  Our waitress Frenchie, was not extremely pleasant, as if a 60-65 year old still had menopause!  We ordered and asked for veggie substitutions which she claimed they do not substitute for ANYTHING!  The service was extremely slow, especially waiting for drinks from the bar.  Frenchie claimed that the bartender was slow,  Her attitude got in the way of celebrating a special event.  She did manage to put a candle in the birthday girl's dessert but never offered a "Happy Birthday."  She charged twice for refills to soda.  The quality of the food was less than mediocre for high prices.On the way out, I mentioned our experience to the manager Martk Kieru.  He took notes, including my phone number, but never called or followed through with me.  The entire experience was NOT a good one.  I would NOT recomment Lon's to anyone.  As a matter of fact, I would recommend that people stay clear of Lon's and their poor service and mediocre quality of food.
5	Amazing. Perfect for a romantic dinner. Booked through Open Table and mentioned it was our anniversary; everyone who greeted us congratulated us. Asked us if we were interested in dining in the wine cellar room; quieter and more private. Beautiful there, but really cold -- they have blankets if you like. Meal was impeccable. Wife loved her heirloom tomato salad and halibut entree. My tortilla soup starter was perfect. The Three Little Pigs entree (barbecued loin, crisped pork belly, and braised [?] cheeks). Whimsical, fun, delicious and perfectly cooked. When I asked the server to sub something in for the polenta, he said, "Of course, what would you like"? Terrific wine list and beer menu. Service was right on point -- attentive, friendly, accommodating. Our Peaches & Cream Beignets dessert arrived with "Happy Anniversary written in chocolate on the bowl, and was comped. Literally nothing I would change about the meal or the experience. Well done!
3	We went for brunch. I had really high expectations. They weren't met. I also wouldn't say I was too disappointed. It's summer, so obviously the patio is not able to deliver its full potential. Service was low energy. Dining room was dead.The food was good. I had the sliders but got to sample the short rib hash and eggs benedict. I'd actually get the benedict if I were to go again. The highlight was the bartender's substitution for a kir royale. Using hibiscus syrup, it tasted like rose petals! This, alone, has made me put Lon's on my Happy Hour bucket list and I feel fairly confident that my expectations will be met for that one!!
5	Havn't eaten here in a few years but very glad we returned.  I love this part of town and how tucked away the restaurant is.  When I called to make reservations I was told there was a large party using most of the dining area but they could seat us in the Wine Cellar.  It was a great and romatic atmosphere.  Did not feel like we were even in Phoenix.To add to the evening the food was the best I've had in a long time.  Had the Hanger Steak on the server's recommendation and it was one of the best pieces of meat I've ever had.  I don't think they seat in the Wine Cellar very often but request it when you make your reservation.
2	Nice atmosphere.  Has that old Scottsdale wealth tradition, the grounds are immaculate, and the host (or was he a manager?) gave me that snobbish "what are you doing here" look that you get in Scottsdale when you're not wearing an outfit that cost $400.  Seemed like this place was really for the people staying there and not so much for locals.  Plus the food was small proportions which was ok as it was not that great.  We went to McDonald's after instead of wasting more money on the food.  Drinks were good and the bartender/waitress was nice..
5	This place is pretty amazing. Highlights were the heirloom tomato crostini appetizer with balsamic reduction and the Lon's candy bar dessert. The grounds and restaurant are very nice with an authentic desert feel. This is a splurge place, be prepared to drop a few benjamins.
5	Pricey but fabulous a great special occasion restaurant. I adore the short ribs. The strawberry sorbet for dessert was like eating fresh from the field berries but frozen just the thing after a beefy meal. All of the staff were wonderful. I highly recommend Lon's especially for a special celebration.
2	DH & I arrived around 6:30 and had reservations for 7pm, but wanted to have a drink at the bar to celebrate our anniversary, before dinner. We sat down at our table around 7, and asked for the summer menu, that was listed on the website. The waiter stated that the menu is not applicable for Saturdays. I stated that on the website it does not seem to differentiate. We proceeded to order off of the regular menu, we ordered 2 appetizers- buffalo mozzarella crostini, and tortilla soup- both were ok. For entrees we had the chicken jidori and the salmon. The chicken was moist, but lacked flavor, the salmon was ok, but really lacked any texture, the tomatoes, and gnocchi all blended together with the same texture of the salmon. We then had an ice cream sandwich, with pistachio ice cream, the ice cream did not taste like pistachio. I did not leave happy, since the food was mediocre at best.
5	On a normal night this place would've been way too upscale for my liking, but for some reason the Sunday evening before Labor Day wasn't busy.We weren't dressed for the class of this restaurant, but we were welcomed without judgement.We began with a cocktail in the bar. Stetson decorated, hipster Libationists, interesting concoctions of infused liquors set the tone for a memorable experience!Once seated in the restaurant, we were greeted by a professional waiter (which I love). We began with the tuna appetizer which you sear right at your table.For starter I had the fig and pecan salad...amazing!Our group chose a variety of entres including salmon, pork and short ribs. All served beautifully and tasted divine!Although we were stuffed we had to try their deconstructed snickers bar for desert.........LOVED IT! Do not pass on desert here!At the end of our evening the Valet had already brought our car around as he heard us talking in the courtyard so when we walked it out it was waiting!I highly recommend Lon's for a special occasion or to make any occasion special!
4	We at at Lon's for our anniversary celebration a few weeks ago.  I'd made the reservation online at OpenTable.  The staff welcomed us with a happy anniversary greeting right when we walked in and remembered our anniversary during dinner as well. Nice touches for sure.  Some reviews has said the staff ignored their special events here, but we didn't find that to be the case at all.The food was very good. Not great.  Not for the prices paid.  But a stroll around the hotel gardens after dinner was quite nice. I'd like to back when the weather is cooler and eat outside on the patio - that looked very pretty.
4	Wonderful drink options, the food was pretty great as well
3	After 30 years in the valley, we finally tried Lon's. Our out of town guests invited us and I was excited to finally try it.First off, the ambiance on the patio is wonderful Quiet, serene and with this weather-WOW! The staff is helpful, casual but professional. This is not a trendy hipster  kind of place. If you want a really nice place to have a good conversation-you'll love it.The food and drink. The bar staff is very helpful and we all got drinks we loved. The food, while very good, was not memorable. We had a few appetizers-the mixed grill and the squash blossoms. Both good but underwhelming-i can't really comment on anything extraordinary about them. we were all a bit surprised at the size ( very small) of the dishes.The entrees were portioned much bigger. ( not that bigger is better!) Two of us had the salmon, while cooked nicely, the flavors were just so-so and the semolina gnocchi was gritty and under-seasoned as well.The others had the pork dish ( meh) and the steak-it was( again) good, very good but not WOW.The prices are high so it's a special occasion kind of place. I have to say. I have had more memorable food at places like North or Tuck Shop or St Francis.
4	Such a beautiful property!  The ambiance was lovely and food was delicious...but be prepared to spend some money!
5	We went for anniversary dinner tonight. The food and service was fabulous! The duck and beef short ribs were wonderful! Thank you for a wonderful evening!
5	Breakfast or brunch at lon's is consistently delicious. Good service. Great ambience. Solid menu. Priced right for food and experience.  Go when you have time to relax and take in the experience.
4	Lon's is a classic, old time Scottsdale with a great bar, and atmosphere. they really put effort into New Years Eve. Our group of 4 -20 something's and 2 parents had good food, good service and a good wine program. Always a stop whenever we come to Scottsdale.
5	Great place to get dressed up and start a night on the town.  Very classy place with great food.
5	We had brunch at Lon's today for my parents anniversary. It was a really nice experience. Unfortunately, we were unable to sit on the famed patio because it was rainy, but we loved the Southwestern motif of the dining rooms, complete with the kiva fireplaces. The art on the walls, is obviously, fabulous. We started with the *Monkey Bread*. It was delicious. Absolutely yummy! Very sugary- it was actually swimming in syrup and frosting, and then covered with pecans. How decadent. I actually ate a 3rd of the dish, and was almost completely full. I didn't leave myself enough room for the *Chopped Salad* full of fresh vegetables. I got it without the turkey and cheese, but I'm assuming if you like that kind of thing, it would add something to the dish. They were very good about subbing a hardboiled egg for the turkey. It was dressed lightly with a cilantro vinaigrette, and had the crunch of pumpkin seeds throughout. I was really surprised with how generous the portion was. Lon's isn't about charging a good amount for a little bit of food, they pile it on!My parents both got the *Lemon Ricotta Pancakes*. They weren't anything like the pancakes you are used to. They are circular and tall, but not in the least bit dense. The compote served along with them was the perfect compliment to the lemon of the lemony whipped cream and pancake. They probably could have spit an order, as they both had leftovers!My husband got the *Lon's Club*. He complimented the bread, being a little harder on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. It was piled high with chicken breast, ham, cheese, avocado and aoili. It came with a side of either salad or french fries and their famous apple slaw. He chose the french fries, which I was very happy about because they were perfectly cooked, and really well seasoned... I stole more than a few. He said the apple slaw was refreshing. It had raisins in it as well. We can't wait to go back to Lon's. The cost of the brunch was very reasonable. $74 without tax or tip. 4 entrees, and a starter, coffee and tea.
2	5 stars for the ambiance, 5 stars for the waiter and service.  Zero or minus stars for the vastly overpriced small portions of food that had no proper spicing or taste.  Our table of five agreed that the experience was Not ever going back to Lon's.
5	My wife and I visited Lon's for Valentines Dinner.  I had been there before (and loved it), but I wanted her to experience the Lon's touch.  In my opinion, Lon's probably has one of the best ambiance in the business (especially at night).  It's all valet parking (don't forget cash).  The dress is resort casual (i wore jeans and a button up dress shirt).  As you walk up the patio is lit up by cool lighting, raging chimineas, and cool jazz being played by the live band.  We arrived a little early and were persuaded by one of the managers to grab a few drinks from the bar (the mojitos were great - the mint is freshly picked from their garden and when mixed it is strained so you don't suck up a mint leaf in your straw)   and join him on a tour of the place.  Every room at this restaurant is unique and different.  The wine cellar downstairs is like nothing I've ever seen.  Hundreds of selections of wines, amazing stone ceiling/floors/walls etc..  The place actually cures it's own ham in a small room downstairs next to the cellar.  After the tour we were seated and our Waiter for the evening was Ben.  He was a true delight.  He was a hip younger guy that was very professional and had a great sense of humor.  He was very helpful in tailoring the menu to our preferences.I ordered a fish plate with dungeness crab, salmon, shrimp, with a red wine sauce on a toasted piece of french bread.  Having lived in the NW for years, I can honestly say the fish/crab was extremely fresh and cooked to perfection.  My wife had the short ribs and they too were wonderful.  We both had the strawberry mousse as a dessert and they were great as well.  Very rich, but the small size made it a dessert I could conquer.  The 3 course meal was proportioned perfectly and there wasn't that urge to take a power nap before you tackled the drive home.  Great service, food quality, and ambiance definitely worth the $$$$.  We'll be back!
4	Make sure you get a seat on the Patio.  The surrounding area is beautiful and it has a romantic ambiance.  It's more of a business casual type atmosphere.  Dont come in there slumming it.  Also, the restaurant is located in residential area, so dont worry you're not lost!  There was a live jazz band playing as well to play up that romantic ambiance.  We were told this restaurant had a great sunset view, but the sunset was blocked.  The bread basket was scrumptious, I couldnt stop eating the corn bead.  We ordered the Fritura Mixta to start and I would say that was okay, the dipping sauce tasted good though.  I ordered the Fennel Dusted Scottish Salmon and it was on top of the mushroom canneloni, broccoli raab, onion cream & tomato-fennel jam.  It was delicious!  I think the portions were just right.  We also had cocktails that were strong, different but good.  I dont remember what it was called but our waiter recommended it.  It was a combo of their ginger beer and tequila, tasted like a unique margarita :)
5	5-stars all the way.  No "if, and's, or butt's".  The patio itself is a work of art with fire pits, and warming stands for the winter months.Inside feels like a converted house with different rooms and eclectic decor.  Even some of the employees are eclectic.  At first I thought the bartender was wearing a cowboy costume until I realized it's March.We had a large group, were sat in a semi-private room and we were LOUD.  Apparently nobody complained.  Which is a miracle.Prices are high but this place deserves what they charge.  Servers were all over us and the wine steward did an absolutely spectacular job and even helped point me towards the meal I wanted.... 10 oz. Strip, cooked to perfection with choice of two sides.  Parmesan Cheese fries were over the top delicious!Everything was just outstanding.Don't hesitate.  GO!!
5	do not miss the amazing small / appetizer dishes... some of the best things on the menu! foie gras - prepared to perfection, and the Ahi on a salt slab... seriously good stuff. also agree the tortilla soup is not to be missed. cowboy singing in the cactus garden on sunday night. wonderful.i would also say the menu pricing is reasonable for the quality of the food and preparation.
4	Excellent wine choices, great menu with lots of local stuff, plus the best patio.  Bring your out of town guest here.  Mac and cheese was superb and since Elements doesn't have their's on the menu right now-- it's about the best mac in town.  Desserts were ok, or this may have been a five star.
5	The patio at Lon's is one of my favorite places to eat. We had a great meal there for our anniversary. Started with El Diablo cocktail. Next was a salad with chocolate based dressing. Cowboy ribeye and followed with a cowboy candy bar for dessert. ALL were delicious.  Made for a memorable anniversary dinner.
5	Celebrated our anniversary on the patio at Lons. Food was excellent, but our waiter Deacon (sp) made the evening a home run for us! I had the prime rib. I like mine rare with extra hot horse radish. Deacon made sure my wishes were granted. My wfe had the salmon and she claims it was superb. Highly recommend Lons.
5	Wonderful atmosphere out in the patio while listening to some older cowboy music. My meal was fantastic  and a perfect ending to my trip to Arizona. I'd highly recommend Lon's.
5	This may be my favorite dinner since the hubs and I moved to Phoenix 3 years ago. It was our anniversary and we hadn't been to Lon's before--- we were greeted by our names by a host who had grown up next door and used to play on one of the trees in their courtyard. He sat us at a table where Deacon, our server congratulated us on our anniversary and gave us the rundown on the menu.We had the squash blossoms to start and they were perfectly cooked-- crispy on the outside, cheesy goodness on the inside. The hubs had a salad with chocolate balsamic dressing-- it was to die for. I had the ceviche which was a perfect complement to the warm evening. We made our way through some Cloudy Bay and then Deacon suggested the Black Chicken zinfandel for our main courses. I had the short ribs-- serious melt in your mouth- not heavy or too filling. Just perfect. The hubs sprang for pork 3 ways which is a great showcase of the kitchens abilities! Wine was a perfect complement and I got the peach dessert - local peaches ripe and tasty. The lights around the patio twinkled and we left feeling like we had an epic Phoenix night.
2	I went to Lon's for a friend's birthday brunch this morning. I had read the great reviews about Lon's and I was very excited to try it. Upon entering- I was so glad to see there was complimentary valet. The valet man was very nice and gracious. I went inside and was seated with my party. The issue was they separated our party into two tables. I didn't even get to sit with my friend to celebrate her birthday. They said this was all they could do and we all were understanding. Our service is the reason why this review is getting a lower rating. There were about 10 of us and I understand with bigger parties everything takes a bit longer- however, 2 hours of a wait to get our food is absolutely ridiculous. Also, our server confused everyone and almost had everyone get the "hacienda brunch" which would be around $30 a person. Whereas we thought we were just getting 1 monkey bread for each table.He hardly checked on us as well. We ordered soon after- my friend who was sitting next to me wanted to order off the lunch menu and the server said it was no problem. I ordered the omelet with ham cheese and asparagus. About 30 mins after we all had ordered- the server comes up to my friend and says they cannot make her lunch order after all. I do not understand why it would take 30 mins after we ordered for him to notify her. She reordered and then we waited and waited for our food. When our food finally arrived everything seemed in order except a girl who was sitting at the other table found a hair in her Eggs Benedict. Since the server never came around, I think she just dealt with it. My bite of monkey bread and the omelet were both good. The last hurdle my group had to deal with was the check. The server didn't separate it by table or put gratuity on it and it was just a big mess. I just threw in a $20 bill even though that was like a 6 dollar tip that the server did not deserve. I honestly just wanted to get out of there. As I went to get my car from the valet guy, I noticed it was parked right in the front and all of the windows were about half way down. I didn't put the windows down nor did I ask him to do this. I know the valet guy was probably just trying to help but it's AZ and it is going to be hot regardless. All in all this was one of the worst brunch experiences I have ever encountered and although their monkey bread was yummy I highly doubt I will ever be back due to the poor service we received.
3	After extensive research of what restaurant had the best brunch in Phoenix,  Lon's came out top choice for me.  I read reviews about their decadent monkey bread.  It was the first food item I ordered.  The first bite was heaven!! It was surely rich and flavorful but not too sweet.  I ordered the steak sliders and potatoes.  It came with an order of toast which was odd.  I enjoyed the sliders but the potatoes were a bit overcooked.  A couple of people in my party were not happy with their food, especially because there was a long hair in her eggs.  Everyone enjoyed the food except for the service.  Our waiter kept pushing on us getting the Hacienda Brunch.   I don't enjoy being pushed to order something I don't want.  I love the atmosphere of the restaurant but I think I would like to experience a better waiter.
5	Let's just say 4 friends were slightly inebriated after a gin mixology class.  And let's just say that those 4 friends decided to stay for dinner at Lon's.  And we'll also say (theoretically, of course) that those 4 friends might have required the assistance of a dolly to leave the restaurant.  The restaurant itself is beautiful. Classy, upscale, and spendy.  Because we were clearly knee deep in bad decisions, we ordered more cocktails - yum.  The basket of bread they bring is gluten nirvana.  The house pulled mozzarella was a wonderful way to start our meal.  The ahi tuna appetizer might be the best piece 'o fish I've ever had.  It was tender, buttery, and so fresh that it nearly jumped in my mouth all by itself.  The truffle mac n' cheese is required eating as well.  Desserts consumed at our table were the cowboy candy bar, peach cobbler, and sorbet - all got rave reviews.  This is a wonderful place to enjoy a delicious meal with friends.  I would like to come back to have dinner on the patio when it doesn't feel like hell outside.
5	It's hard to believe that I hadn't written a review for Lon's yet. We are somewhat regulars (at least once a month) for many years. During the spring and fall, the Patio is a hot reservation. And I mean...call a few days in advance hot. I enjoy Sunday evenings at Lon's. Typically, they offer a price fixe menu and have different delicious meats (whole pig anyone?) roasting on a spit. Saturday evenings offer a live band, and is great for evening dining. If the patio is crowded and we don't have a reservation, we are happy to dine at the bar. I always recommend Lon's to out of town guests. Tasteful, charming, a former artists residence, it gives a great taste of the Southwest in a well-appointed setting.About the food? My favorites on the menu? Jidori Chicken (and I don't usually order chicken...BUT...this chicken is Amazing!); truffle macaroni and cheese, any of their fish selections. And the dessert: The Cowboy candy bar. You're welcome.
4	A classic in Phoenix - great decor; excellent food with service to match.  A perfect spot to take visitors from back east - it will give them a true taste of the west.
5	Had a fabulous dinner and breakfast here. What's really great is the small menu that will satisfy hearty eaters and dieters. High quality with commensurate pricing.
2	Sushi grade Ahi served on a 500 degree block of Himalayan sea salt.A lone short rib, cubed, perched atop a bed of braised root vegetables. So majestic looking, it reminded me of a sentinel on lookout.A hangar steak (flank) cooked to perfection.All three shared two common themes:Both the presentation and sodium levels were immeasurable.I love Lon's. I want to show them off to my friends from out of town. I love their wine cellar...it's dungeon-esque type features.I want to eat there on special occasions because I know I won't be disappointed.But this trip had me rethinking everything I know about Lon's and that's saying something since I've been going there for many years now.The gravy on the hangar steak was inedible it was so salty. My girls secretly wiped it all away so as not to create a stir with our server, knowing I would send it all back and give him a couple of what-fers in the process.My short rib was braised perfectly, however, it was dry and lean. Not what I was hoping for.And the pre-dinner bread basket had the most delicious looking chips, also inedible due to the extreme salt content.Stay out of the bar.I ordered a Crown Royal Manhattan.I was informed they don't serve Crown Royal, but some bullshit well whiskey called Buffalo Trace. Seriously, who doesn't serve Crown? I expected Lon's to serve Crown Black for Christ's sakes.My wife ordered a Mai Tai. It was undrinkable.Lon's, here's some advice from the cheap seats.Stop believing your own press clippings and take a long hard look in the mirror.At the very least, hire an executive chef whose cravings for salt doesn't rival a 14th century sailor sporting a goiter the size of a basketball.
5	Wow. This is the kind of place you recommend to out of town guests to ...1) stay at 2) eat at. Also, all local peeps should bust a gut and get over there. STAT.I'm told that if you wander over during peak season reservations are required *weeks* in advance. That would NOT BE A TYPO. Weeks. So get that number on speed dial kids!**Muy Importante**This is D.e.f.i.n.i.t.e.l.y a sweet date spot. Boy will you impress the ladies here!The drive up to The Hermosa is just something. If you can come during the day. You'll really enjoy it. There are just so many beautiful homes to admire on the drive in. The road to the Hermosa is very quaint and rustic.Walking into the patio area you're greeted by a beautiful fountain. (I had to stop for a photo, how could you not?) The outdoor patio is well lit for evening fun. No matter which way you look there is just something darling to admire. Architectural touches really have been thought out. Indoors is adorable as well. We visited the bar area briefly (sadly - things to do!)I can't wait to come back here!
5	Food is great! The patio is one of the nicest parts to the place. Certain nights they have music outdoors. Chimnea fireplaces lit. Very dark. Great place to take out of town guests, or for date night. Inside it looks like an old Spanish hacienda. Have had steak, shortribs, gazbacho. All great. Good wine list.
4	Beautiful place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine.
5	Although the price points tip toward the higher end, consider Lon's an investment in your palate!! From the best patio setup I've encountered in Phoenix to exquisite food and gracious service, a date night at Lon's is delicious happiness! Their mac and cheese perfectly warms my soul on a chilly winter night, and their scrumptious carpaccio is light enough for toasty summer sunsets. Their wine list is essential for romantic gazing and toasting to felicity while listening to musicians croon and strum. They also have super accessible specials to make a truly happy, happy hour!
5	Lon's has a new lunch menu, featuring smaller portions with lower prices.  This is perfect for me!  You can use this to make an a la carte approach, and so get what you really want.Try a pork belly taco and the spinach salad.  This is great!
5	If you can get to this place and eat on the patio when the sun is setting you will experience magic. The patio here is almost as good as the food. They make seasonal dishes and have a interesting menu. This is a special place.
1	I've never actually eaten here so I'm not sure how amazing the food is and I will not be finding out any time soon. Here is my experience...I walked into the restaurant for dinner and there was no one in sight. The maitre dee asked my name for a reservation and i stated I was a walk in. He said...let me see what I have but you may be sitting in a room by yourself. He proceeded to say, "let me see to these guests and then I'll try to seat you!"  An older couple was still outside walking up that he felt where a priority over finding me and my guest a table. As I was standing in the doorway completely embarrassed in front if my guest and thinking about how demeaning the person was I walked out and decided not to eat here. This place may have amazing food and amazing cocktails but I was not able to get past the service.  I will not be going back nor would I ever recommend someone subjecting themselves to that kind of treatment.
1	Don't want to even give Lon's one star. Had dinner at Lon's in early August. It was highly recommended by the concierge of the hotel where we stayed. This is the worst restaurant meal I have ever had. There were twelve in our group and ten of the twelve meals were unacceptable. Not only were the entrees horrible the appetizers and desserts were equally bad. The food was bland and flavorless. For example my entree was served with truffle gnocchi. This should be full of flavor. The $49.00 steak was loaded with fat and cooked wrong. One of them was sent back, the other only partially eaten. Oh, and don't be fooled by the tuna on the lava rock...flavorless. When this was pointed out to the server and a manager they did not know how to handle the situation. I, as well as the concierge, contacted the food and beverage manager, Dave. He couldn't have been more rude. Said he would contact me and never did. Also, according to the concierge, he said he would contact her as well...never did. There are way too many good restaurants in this area to waste your money at Lon's and they don't appreciate your business. I would go to The Mission, Elements or Pizzaria Bianco over Lon's. AVOID  this restaurant at all cost!!!
1	We recently visited Lon's for my in-laws 50th anniversary celebration.  Great evening EXCEPT FOR THE FOOD.  Although the food presentation was nice, the dishes had no flavor.  I ordered the braised short ribs with truffle gnocchi.  These should be full of flavor and it was bland.  No truffle flavor whatsoever.  Two in our party ordered the chefs tasting menu.  Again, flavor was not there.  Everyone shared bites at the table to confirm, we had a party of 12, and other than one person who ordered the filet, everyone was disappointed with their entree.  It was early August so the restaurant was not overly busy.  for the prices they are charging the food should wow and it did not. The worst part, was the staff was ambivalent to the comments we made.  When told to contact the manager, he hasn't returned our call.  Try someplace else.u
1	Had the 2nd worst meal ever here, behind only Vincent's on Camelback (feel free to see my review of that place)I wish I would have remembered the old chef left at the start of augustIt started pretty poorly, then they started cooking which made things even worseWalking in there was on one to greet us, we had to track down the hostess (not a big deal but a minor quibble, with the pricing they have that is something that should never happen)They ran out of the tasting menu at 8PM on a Saturday on the holiday weekend, as well as they running out of pasta - we were informed after being seated, ordering drinks and a bottle of wine, and deciding on the tasting menu - so at least 15-20 minutes passed since sitting down with zero mention of them being out of anything, which should have been mentioned when we were presented with the menu's All of the fish dishes (ciappino and halibut) were overcooked and dry, as were the Short Ribs (which is hard to do)My tenderloin came out rare vs med rare (which is fine for me) but was overly salty to the point it was about inedible, and also had a piece of bacon on top of it - why would you ruin a good piece of meat with strip of bacon on top - made no sense, sent it backThe cocktails there were very poor, French 75 I think only looked at the gin bottle instead actually having any poured in and the whiskey smash which was on their "special" menu was terrible - if Travis is a good bartender or runs a good bar program this was certainly not evident, and they have a Mai Tai listed on the menu but don't even have orgeat listed as an ingredient so that was enough to steer me off of that one, but I am sure it would have been very orangey and come in a Collins glass with a slice of orangeThe only bright spot which was small (literally undersized) was the foie gras, which was done very well and seared, with a light jam underneath the toast, and some peanut butter-ish spread on the side with some huckleberries - however the portion was about the size of a tasting menu portion not an appetizer portion - perhaps they were running out of foie gras as well, but I don't expect 3 bites out of a $16 appPoor all the way around - Do not waste your money here
4	Ambiance and setting were superb. Food was great. Service was very, very good. My wife has food allergies which will stymie all but the very best waitstaff. Our server warmed up to the task and she soon had some truly delicious braised short rib in front of her. I enjoyed an awesome preparation of Halibut with Mexican shrimp and chorizo. Throughout the meal we commented on how beautiful the patio and dining room must be once the weather cools and into the Holidays. We'd love to bring our three daughters and their Significant Others!
5	Ambience, food, drinks and service= Fabulous!  We went here for our anniversary and was not disappointed at all.  My husband had the salmon (said it was the best salmon he ever had!) and I had the short ribs, both absolutely delicious.  Thanks Lon's for a great night!
5	First, sitting out on the patio is a must!! Second, the food overall was delicious- salmon, hanger steak, and the chicken.  All of us devoured it! We also loved the gazpacho! I may have also found a favorite drink! The Bison Invigorator! Made with a bison infused vodka and deliciousness!  A must try! Also, do not shy away from the little muffins in the bread basket. They were really moist and had a little kick! Great!
4	Was visiting from out of town and this place was beautiful. The outdoor patio was great and made the dinning experience that much better. The food was great and would definitely return.
4	Food was great. Took some time coming out but when it did it was worth it.  The atmosphere was very romantic especially out on the patio. Mac n cheese is a must Extensive wine list with many good options.
3	Had dinner at Lon's last night, party of 6.  First time dining here and I must say I really like the outdoor dining and scenery.  A 2 piece band provided entertainment and the drinks were perfect.  Ordered the Chili Rubbed 180z Ribeye medium ($62).  It came a little more rare than I like but that's ok.  The wife ordered a NY medium rare and it came well done for sure.  We aren't ones to usually send stuff back, so we didn't. 3 of the 6 meals were not prepared correctly.  However, the service was excellent and we will definitely return to try other dishes.
1	New lunch menu looks like you're dining at Steak n Shake.  Prices way higher and portions way less. Dropped wonderful bread crisps and ricotta butter.  All of the southwestern items are gone.  They have dropped the ball on a good thing.  I will not be back until they see the folly of their new ways.
5	Bar Review!  Perhaps one of the best mixology experiences I have had.  I asked for a Boxcar and it was heaven in a martini glass.  Perhaps the first one done well in many experiences.  These guys know how to do classic cocktails.  Very professional staff, with a great balance of service and friendliness.  Pour on.  I'll be back next time I'm in Phoenix!
5	This was an amazing night. It was a romantic birthday dinner for 2 (entirely planned by my hubby).  The staff greeted me with a signed birthday card, they listened to my husband's request for a table with a heater on one side and not on the other (he gets way too hot too fast).  The service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven.If you go, try the Parmesan Fries with the Truffle Aioli with your dinner. Any other french fry will suck in comparison.I can't wait to go back. They do brunch!
4	A friend had setup a special dinner here! Downstairs in the cellar! Great spot! Cool decor and wonderful food. We had a dedicated staff for us only, so nothing was missed! Food cooked to perfection. Can't remember what I had, but know this..12 of us and no one had a single complaint!
1	Went for Christmas dinner. One of the worst dining experiences we have ever had. When asked to be seated at "table 9"...the waiter just took off w/out us. We just stood there and off he went!Waiter had no clue re: what he was doing. Prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested. The desert came w/a running pool of ice cream (waiter didn't care). As we left, no one took the time to say good bye to us or the other guest. The manager was on his cell phone more interested in texting than paying attention to his guest.However, the best part of the experience was the valet service. The young man was  prompt, courteous and did all the right things.  I would promote him to client services manager!Lon's is no longer the dining gem as it was in the past.  Lon's use to be my family's favorite place to dine. Very sad.
4	So serene... eat an entree like the Beef short ribs. Appetizers are small enough for only one person. You also need to take a few seniors with you to fit in the crowd... :)
3	We've been fans of Lon's for years. The patio, the dining room, the food, was always dependable and a cut above.  For Sunday brunch, I ordered the chopped salad.  When it arrived I thought I'd been transported to a fast food take out. Iceberg lettuce, 2 pieces of dark green lettuce, 3 microscopic pieces of chicken, and a decorative something or other on top...I have never, did I say never, sent anything back in a restaurant, but back this went. I reordered the turkey burger, which another in my party had and hadn't complained about. The waiter was most gracious and accommodating. The side salad with the burger was fine. The burger was dry and tasteless; my husband later said that his was too. The other two people in our party had omelettes and were very pleased with their selection.  All in all it was a disappointing experience. I don't know if this will continue to be our "go to" place for lunch and brunch. The kitchen needs a jolting heads up and perhaps a new chef.
2	Party of Six:  Only reason for two stars is that our party really enjoyed sitting outside on the patio otherwise would be one star.  I ordered the beef tenderloin.  I specially described how I wanted it cooked.  I kept asking, since I like it pink but without blood, if that was doable.  I said I would be happy to change order if this might be difficult.  I was guaranteed it would be cooked to order.  It was raw.  They took it back.  I sat there while the other five ate for almost 10 minutes before it was returned.  It came back burnt on the outside and still bloody inside.  The first bite was so salty I had to spit out.  Didn't take a second bite!  They did come and ask if ok but removed after their 'flashlight' proved that it was still bloody.  They did take my meal off the bill BUT!!!...if a Chef can't cook a steak to order...ANY WAY it is ordered...I question the ability!
2	We were a party of four for lunch,and all concurred the experience was disappointing.  The sandwiches were cold, dry and unappetizing and the bread was stale.  The drinks were flat and the deserts were equally inferior.  The patio ambiance was superior and the service fair to good.  Little value here, and the forced valet parking is a particular irritant.
5	Weve eaten at Lons many times over the years and never have been disappointed by the service and the food. Make sure you ask for the patio if weather is good.it adds that extra star to your dining experience. A drink at the bar after by the fire is great in the winter
4	Atmosphere was awesome... Service was OK. Server was very uptight and kinda snotty to us. Not that we don't know how to act in public, he was just waaay too serious..
5	A friend recommended Lon's, and I am thankful that she did. I went there for brunch, and thought the food and atmosphere were terrific. The price was also very fair for a meal of that quality. The service was also quite good.
5	Perfect atmosphere, great patio, impeccable service, and wonderful food. Try the pastrami seasoning coated salmon. it was excellent!
2	Beautiful setting but food was nothing special and the hostesses and servers, with the exception of the woman who took our drinks order while we waited, were quite arrogant and unfriendly.  I walked up to the station to check in, and had to wait until the two women behind it finished their conversation before anyone looked at me which I found extremely rude for a place like this. Maybe everyone was having a bad day, but it is unlikely I will choose to go back.
1	Now that I've had a few days to cool down I feel I can write a review about my experience at Lon's at Hermosa.  It saddens me to say that our experience was nothing like the exceptional reviews I read prior to bringing my family to Lon's. If I could give it zero stars I would. On Thursday March 27th I brought my future in-laws (visiting from out of state & Switzerland) to Lon's to celebrate my recent engagement. Let me first say the hostess and the cocktail waitress were wonderful and kind however once we were sat the night took a turn for the worst. Our server Jason was the most condescending, disrespectful person I have ever met. When asking simple questions about the menu (like portion size and if he would recommend ordering starters, etc) he responded with " Well this isn't Apple-bees" along with rolling his eyes and a horribly rude tone while reluctantly answering us. ( If you like being treated like second class citizens then eat at Lon's and ask for Jason) He brought my future-mother-in-law to tears when she asked some questions about the Salmon preparation and he came back with snarky remarks. We must have been inconveniencing him with normal questions. I decided at this point to find a manager, Sean D. the manager on board that night was also very rude, and unhelpful. His response to my report was "well do you just want to leave or have a new server" His attitude was very take it or leave it, not what you would expect of a restaurant of this caliber. He also screamed in my future father in laws face ( very professional) Needless to say we left and had to find another place to eat at 8:30 at night. It takes a lot of disrespect to up and leave a restaurant before even ordering, especially one you've had a reservation at for a week. Thursday was supposed to be a special night for my family and I, but because of Sean and Jason's horrible customer service our night was ruined.  My family and I will NEVER set foot in this establishment again.
4	Excellent place for business or pleasure. They have wonderful indoor and outdoor seating. Staff is very helpful in guiding you through menu. Food was also good. I went with a group of friends and we each ordered something different. Food was excellent with a variety of options to choose from. Overall it was a great first visit and I plan to visit again soon. Well done Lon's!!
5	Unreal. In the top 3 best things I've ever eaten, brunch was perfect, perfect food perfect music perfect drinks and perfect company, my husband and I will certainly return anytime we are in Scottsdale.
4	Pricy but oh so Devine ! Setting,  environs, kiva fireplaces...live music....extordinary  The chicken perfectly cook...how do they get the skin so crisp and tasty??!!The steaks can be very undercooked at least one level below what you request. Medium rare is more like beef tartar without the preparation. At these prices don't feel shy about asking to get it right. Highly recommend go, enjoy, emerge
5	This restaurant is always a treat. Great food and great service. The outside area is a wonderful experience.
5	Hands down one of the best in town. Awesome food, service and ambiance. Our server was knowledgable about the menu and gave great recommendations for wine selections. If he didn't know something he brought somebody over that did. The apps were amazing and so was the ribeye. Great whiskey list too. Will be coming back very soon
5	I really enjoyed dinner here. There is a great outdoor patio, nice views, and an open fire and band. The food was inventive and good. The duck breast was excellent.
4	The patio here is absolutely amazing. Gorgeous. Romantic. Nothing beats Candle light.  Nice live band. Food was delicious along with the wine. If your looking for something romantic. This place's patio is the place to be.
5	My boyfriend and I tried Lon's for the first time for my birthday.  They sat us immediately and even had a card for me signed by all the staff.  We sat outside by the water fountain.  It was a beautiful setting.  Very romantic.  The service was great, our waiter was very well informed of the food and even helped us make our decision. I got the roast duck with the risotto.  It was delicious!  As were the short ribs.  I'd definitely recommend this place, especially for a nice romantic occasion.
5	What a wonderful restaurant. Patio is fantastic with live music in the background that you only sort of hear. Service was outstanding. Only possible complaint was that it was too dark to see your meal but it sure tasted great!
2	Well I wasn't going to do this but I felt I had to say something about my first experience at Lon's.  My best friend wanted to take me somewhere nice with a patio and the choice was mine where to go.  I had heard so many great things about Lon's that it was my first choice.  He has lived here 55 years and never had been here so we were both excited.  Upon arriving we loved the patio instantly.  The manager was very nice and made a great effort to get us a table outside since it was our first time. Unfortunately the service from that point forward failed.  Our waiter didn't introduce himself, tell us of any specials, recommend anything, and was very impersonal.. Then the lady bussing the tables reached right between us to remove our plates never asking if we were finished or saying excuse me.  This was a rather pricey meal and usually with that comes outstanding service.  We enjoyed the food the wine and the live music. We loved the patio atmosphere but with the service being so impersonal I am not sure we would return.  Perhaps we just were unlucky and caught our server on an off night. But his off night may have cost Lon's a few new customers.
2	It's ok. Ambience is great, exceptional actually.  Service tried hard so that counts. Food is hit or miss. Some was great some was inedible. All in all, seems the place caters to out of towners more into the experience than the food, and there's nothing wrong with that. Just not our cup of tea, for 75-100 per person we go for the food.
3	charming place, lovely patio and live music.  unfortunately, the food was nothing to write home about. the best part of the meal was the assortment of bread.  after that, it went down hill.  my fish was bland, not inventive at all (as others have described their dishes)... just a big disappointment, especially at a whopping $42.  my husband got the skirt steak from the restaurant week menu and again, it was just okay.  perhaps we ordered the wrong things?this was our last dinner in scottsdale and one of, if not our least exciting meals while we were in arizona.  i'd recommend only going for a drink and maybe dessert to enjoy the patio.
5	Lon's is my 200th review.   I wanted it to be an occasion and it didn't disappoint.  What an absolute gem in the middle of nowhere!  As we were driving there I kept thinking to myself "I hope I get through dinner without getting bit by a rattlesnake."   But out of nowhere came this adorable sprawl of a restaurant with a fountain and twinkling lights.I started my night off with a Hermosa Mule - their take on a Moscow.  It was delicious.  My party moved on to wine and appetizers.   Included was calamari, kobe beef carpaccio, and the ahi tuna.   All were delicious, cooked and prepared perfectly.   I also tried a pinot noir that I took a picture of and I hope I can find it again.I'm a big fan of beef so I ordered the Tenderloin.  Wow.  Tender, juicy and completely flavorful.   It came with a few accompaniments including a creamed spinach that was to die for.   Everyone in the party was extremely happy with their meal.  I heard compliments on the Three Little Pigs, the Short Ribs, and the Salmon.Our service was excellent.   They were right on top of it with the wine and they cleared our plates quickly and were very patient with us when we wanted to sit a little longer and talk.I highly recommend Lon's for dinner and drinks.  The atmosphere is quite cool, the food is off the charts, and the service is spot on.
5	We went to Lon's to celebrate our 49th wedding anniversary.  We are usually out of the country for this occasion so we weren't sure if this would measure up.  I can tell you that Lon's treated us like celebrities.  Even the manager Sean Donnelly went out of his way to welcome us and made sure we had a nice private table.  When he heard us talking about our anniversary he took it upon himself to serve us a beautiful dessert with a candle, compliments of the house.  The food was spectacular and the service top notch.  We are now "hooked on Lon's."
5	What a fabulous evening the six of us had at Lon's at the Hermosa Inn - it was incredible.!!The wine list was extensive, which we like, and the service and food were impeccable.  All of us are food and wine lovers, so our expectations are high, andLon's exceeded our expectations.   Had dinner at Michael Mina's at the Scottsdale Princess the night before, which was so-so and quite ordinary by comparison.
3	Our first visit to this place most of our friends love was disappointing.  The setting and service were excellent, but the food was not.  The selection was limited: 4 starters and five entrees.  A halibut entree was overcooked (read:dry) and bland.  The side dish of mustard coated Brussels sprouts was undercooked-- very hard and almost impossible to poke with a fork: also rather flavorless.  The Hermosa salad was delicious and just slightly different from the usual.  The wine list was excellent, as was the variety of fresh breads.  We will not be returning.
5	I went here with my wife and her family for her birthday. The entire experience was incredible.First and foremost, I had a dry aged steak, and it was the best steak I believe I have ever had in my life.  Cooked perfectly rare, and paired with potatoes and truffle mac and cheese, it was the perfect dinner.The staff was incredible from the moment we arrived at the complimentary valet, and every single person we interacted with was professional, but not stuffy or stuck up, making us feel perfectly at home.  Everything was perfect, from the ambiance to the wine. I could say more, but seriously, 5-stars.  Just go.If you're looking for a romantic evening, I'd definitely suggest Lon's, and we will be headed back soon.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for a special occasion. He had gotten a promotion at his new job within 3 weeks of working there..Amazing right?! Oh, Which he had no idea where i was taking him, nor had a surprise for him.. We got lost on the way there. Because of the the constructions. I was sooo lost, thinking this hotel should not be in a neighborhood area, haha but it was.  Just keep driving.  :)We had the three course meal. Everything was a la carte. I had the Hermosa salad. I love the fruity sauce that was in the salad. also the mash potato was very creamy and boy do I want some more. Boyfriend had steak, or did he had pork? I forgot.. he absolutely loved it.The dessert came out, I had called in advance and specifically told them to keep the dessert part a surprise. They did a wonderful job. They even came out with a congratulation card, and the staff signed it. So personal, yet what a kind gesture that was.I'll be back here again. Thank you Hermosa staff!!
3	We went here for AZ restaurant week menu. I guess I expected a much greater experience based on how much this place is raved about! Very mediocre for the $$$! This dinner was nothing I wouldn't get at a standard hotel chain restaurant. Dessert was the biggest disappointment. Pre-made and blah. Only thing going here is the ambience. Don't expect much more than that!
3	I just expected more from a Paradise Valley establishment.  I have eaten at hundreds of restaurants, very few deserve four or five stars.   This place is not one of them.  The food was decent but lack the flair which truly great chefs give their dishes.
5	Awesome place!!
5	This place has a beautiful ambiance and the food is very flavorful! We split the tuna - so good! The heated salt block was a unique touch. The duck was good and very rich in taste.Service was friendly and classy. They wear bolo's...that immediately gains points in my book.
5	We informed the manager that we were visiting because we were interested in seeing where portions of Waiting to Exhale were filmed there...once we said that he ran with it. We received a tour of the rooms where the movie was filmed, the history of property and an exclusive tour of the wine cellar! It was gorgeous! The staff were awesome and extremely helpful! A definite team atmosphere as other servers pitched in when our server was assisting other patrons. The food was great! Very fresh ingredients! We even got a glimpse of fresh meat spinning on the smoker! I would highly recommend and will definitely return when if ever in the area!!
2	I want to like this place, I really do--Mother LOVES it, so we come frequently. Beautiful place, really beautiful, you'll forget you're in the City and the desert. Top notch staff generally, very professional. Sit on the patio.BUT...the food. Just very marginal in my opinion. I sigh and groan inwardly when Mother wants to go there, but I soldier on. But this last meal......................I had to write. Monkey Bread. Ok, not great, the sauce is yum, the bread itself-no discernible yeasty taste, which I something I like, and it's very very dense bread, so it really doesn't soak up the yum. Or we got yesterday's bread. Why do they serve it in that teeny dish? You can't really eat it without all the sauce spilling out, making a mess everywhere. Mother was distressed at the mess, so I poured her monkey bread out onto her fruit plate, but I shouldn't have to do that. Guys, serve it in a bigger bowl-not deeper, but wider!!  I'm really not sorry about the tablecloth. Oh, I did mention the fruit plate, didn't I? I was trying to forget the completely unripe melon (2 kinds) that had been sliced too closely to the rind of the melon, so not only was it unripe (c'mon kitchen!), you couldn't really eat it without cutting off the rind. Not that it was a big deal I guess, since 1 piece of each kind was enough to realize it was basically inedible. Short rib poutine.--well, the short ribs must have done something really bad that day, because the kitchen KILLED THEM DEAD. Terribly overcooked. Unable to eat them overcooked.DARN IT MOTHER!!
3	Great service, nice environment, big ticket pricing for good food. No negatives. Not my favorite.
5	The ambiance is wonderful when seated outside.  We were there with another couple celebrating our anniversaries, and were each greeted with a "Happy Anniversary" card.  Our server, James, appeared shortly after we were seated and told us about the special lobster omelet (though none of us ordered it, it sounded delicious).  The food was very good; all fresh and flavorful.  We then got a tour of Lon's with a short history lesson, which was fun, and then lucked into a visit to the wine cellar as well, where you can have a meal for up to 12.  The grounds are gorgeous, the food yummy and the atmosphere relaxing...LOVED IT HERE and will return.
1	We went for Christmas Eve Dinner:price Fix $75/person. No website or confirmation telling us set menu vs regular menu! Appetizers were ordered: Wedding Soup and Pork Dumplings: after 30 minutes we asked the waiter where our appetizers were? 2 minutes after he went back: Out they came ice cold and only one dumpling ( not plural) Of course we Sent them back.15 minutes later, all came out hot. The soup was VERY salty  The Dumpling (singular) was burnt. The waiter said it was "re-fried".  Again we sent it back. Manager actually brought the plate back and asked what was wrong. When he was told he brought it back and a fresh one dumpling was brought out. Main courses came out 15 minutes later: prime rib was very rare and horrible quality chewy meat. The Lobster Pot pie was one huge pastry top .Under the top ( see picture) were 4 tiny morsels of lobster with sauce and no veggies. Ridiculous!  Dessert are in 20 minutes: hot chocolate with cookies came out so cold there was a film over the hot chocolate like a chocolate pudding. When we told the waiter who brought it out he laughed!In summary: Horrible food, Horrible quality control I n kitchen, Horrible service! Manager took $175 off the check! As we left he said " see you again". Ha!!!
