4	I took my mom here during Spa Week, so we got our facials for $50.  I really wanted it to be a good experience because it was my mom's 2nd facial ever, and she didn't like the first one.  We arrived a bit early so we could use the spa and steam room, and both were really great.  We went on a Monday, and there were a few other people there, but it was not crowded at all.  Our facials were divine-- my esthetician was Dana, and she really tailored the facial to my skin needs.  My mom was thrilled with her facial, as well.  After our facials, we relaxed a bit in the zen room, and I have a feeling my mom could have stayed in that room all day.  Checking out was really easy, as well- I was nervous that they'd give me trouble with the Spa Week discount, but they were all smiles and very discreet.  I had only a few little problems with the place that prevent it from getting 5 stars.  First, my mom had recently had a hip replacement, and the elevator to the spa was out of order.  I feel that a brand new hotel/spa should be on top of things, and there wasn't anyone even working on it.  Also, the shelves in the showers were removed, so I had no where to put my things.  Lastly, the hair products they provided were nice, but they didn't have any gel or products for my thick, curly hair-- just volumizer. All in all, this is the absolute best spa I have ever been to, and I definitely recommend it over the spa at Aria for a relaxing, upscale experience.
3	This spa is small. So much smaller than the other ones I have been to in Vegas. Upon entering the spa the receptionist was not too friendly. Not once did she smile. I was sad to see that there was only one whirlpool and no cool room. The thing that made this visit worth it was my massage therapist. She did a great job on my shoulders, back and neck. I felt so relaxed upon leaving.
5	My daughter and I spent last Sunday afternoon here and it was a heavenly experience! We both had massages and the Pure facial. The afternoon begins with a tour of the facilities. Everything is provided: elegant lockers, soft robes, shower slippers, unlimited towels, bath and beauty products, all organic product lines. The surroundings are serene and uncluttered. There is a great sense of spaciousness and calm, only a few other clients were there besides us. The photos below do not include the luxurious treatment rooms nor the waiting rooms which are beautifully  appointed. The staff are kind, attentive and yet discreet, delivering exemplary service. The hot stone massage with arnica oil lifted the tension of weeks of intense workload from my neck and shoulders. Ask for Jasmine and you will be in the best of hands. The Pure facial by Dena was also sublime. You will emerge with radiantly clean and creamy skin and the products smell as good as they feel.  We felt completely restored by our experience and will be back. Thank you, Vdara Spa staff!
4	When you pull up to Vdara you can know your in a nice spot.  Since there is no casino everything about the atmosphere is relaxing.  The spa is on the second floor.  Behind the check I'm counter there is streaming water feature and a marble and wood stair case with high windows letting in all the Vegas light.  Next to the check-in desk there is a champagne bar...all the usual suspects are there.  Upstairs is waiting area that has a great skyline view.  Inside the ladies locker room I was greater by a very helpful lady who showed me around.  The locker are lockers with the pick your own code feature.  The benches are made of wood and look uncomfortable but weren't at all.  I loved that they spaced out the women to different areas despite the fact that it was empty.  Nothing worse than being naked with strangers!  In the back of the locker room area, there are very nice blue glass shower facilities all stocked with Aveda products.  The bathrooms were nice each very private.  The hot tub area was small but since there was no one there it worked out perfectly.  The staff will come back and check on you and I'm sure if you ask they will bring you champagne!  Next to the hot tub are two saunas.  One dry one wet, I do wish there was an herbal stream room.  The ladies lounge has chairs that are comfortable but not nap worthy.  Since I was getting a couple massage I got to go to the coed waiting room.  This was a very soothing room with a cool tree stump water feature.  There is no reading materials, so the relaxation starts.  They have  good tea selections with tiny honey jars (I am a sucker for mini products) and dried fruit and nut combinations.My first treatment was a couples massage.  The ladies who provided the massage weren't talkative which was ok, cause they gave the BEST MASSAGES!  My therapist name was Joan and she was amazing!  The massage starts with you face down and the first thing I noticed was a white orchid floating in a bowl of water.  By the time Joan was done I felt like I was floating on air.While I waited for my second treatment I enjoyed the hot tub and heated stone chairs in the lady's locker room.  I love the stone chairs in the Vdara but they could you a few more, there are only two so it might get tight in there.  There are two sauna's that I never got a chance to use.  My second treatment a pumpkin enzyme facial.  I've had this done at other hotels and enjoy it each time.  When its complete my skin looks healthy and clean.  My therapist did a wonderful job of explaining why the difference between the pumpkin and berry facial.  If I had changed one area it would be to use cooler steam, but I'm not the expert and the results were amazing!After the facial I snooped around the bathrooms at the goodies.  Vdara spares nothing in this aspect.  They provide disposal brushes (instead of ones soaked in the blue stuff or a heat lamp), one time use toothbrushes, decent razors, hair pins and bands, q-tips and the curling irons are real not cheap ones! In addition they have a selection of hair goop (hold, shine etc)  The lighting in the makeup area was wonderful.I truly look forward to returning to this spa!
3	Ok, I'm not a big spa person. The two times that I have been to a spa have been times that my girlfriend treated me to. Don't get me wrong, I'll give an honest review, but I just wanted to give that disclaimer.The first thing that was not so cool is actually finding the place. There were signs everywhere pointing us towards it but at the same time, some of those signs were contradictory. Just ask a security guard or something, as we did, and he will guide you in the right direction.We went in the early afternoon and there weren't many guys there so I had the luxury of having the entire men's locker room/spa to myself. The locker room was super clean and they had plenty of water and towels for you located everywhere--all of which were promptly replace when used. The atmosphere was very fresh and contemporary and I was totally soaking up the whole experience. The hot tub was very nice and you could control the length of time the jets stayed on. There was also a dry and steam sauna available. I used the dry sauna and though it was nice, I wanted it hotter but there were no controls for that. I'm sure if I asked the staff, they would have immediately adjusted it for me--they were very prompt with my other request for changing the TV station. The spa was also well-equipped with nice shower and hygiene supplies.I received the deep tissue massage and wow, that thing hurt so good! My masseuse really knew what she was doing and targeted so many of my knots that I felt great afterwards. In fact, when she started massaging my neck and head, I knocked out. I even snored! And you know what? I'm not ashamed because it was such a good massage. The lounge area afterwards was nice and relaxing and there was some tea and small things to munch on.The reason why I'm giving this seemingly great place an average review is because I didn't feel like there were too many options. The massage part was great, no doubt, but everything else just felt mediocre. This place was more expensive than the other place back home in LA and I know this is Vegas and all but come on, pamper me more! The other spa I went to had really tasty fruit and a large assortment of drinks as well as a more relaxing lounge area. It's hard to explain, but I guess in comparison I wanted a place where I can just waste the day away but I soon ran out of things to do which is kind of weird saying because this is a spa...
4	This was my first spa experience and I thoroughly enjoyed it! The spa is small scale but everything is very contemporary and well organized.  There is a lounge area before the entrance of the two women's and men's area.  There is another lounge area within each gender locker room, a vanity area with all the amenities (by Aveda), a hot plunge, steam room, sauna, shower, and more.  The area with the hot plunge had cold towels available and unlimited bottled water.  You are led to the "meditation room" after your treatment, which has some pretty awesome reclining beds and an overall zen setting.They spaced out the appointments very well--there were never more than a handful of people in the locker room area on a holiday Saturday afternoon.  I got the French soothing lavender oil massage, which was quite relaxing.  My masseuse was very friendly and made sure to pay attention to the trouble spots I listed on my form (stress--so she massaged my shoulder/neck area quite a bit).Overall, a great experience! My complaints are that the steam room wasn't working when I went.  I also didn't like their hair conditioner, because even though I put a bunch in my hair, it still felt dry!  Maybe they should include a leave in conditioner as well.
5	As the first stop in my spa week adventure, I was nicely surprised and delighted by Vdara's spa.  I came here on a Thursday morning, so it was not crowded at all. We were meeting up with a group of people (men and woman) so we did not know what to expect as this was a new hotel.Although not the largest spa facility I've been to in LV (Mandalay's is massive & fancy!), it has everything you'd expect in a spa/hotel of this caliber. It's definitely more "boutique" than resort feeling.  Everything is new and of the utmost quality. And it's intimate enough but spacious enough to feel relaxed and at ease. The staff is very attentive without being intrusive.The ladies area has its own private hot tub, sauna,steam rooms. The shampoos, lotions etc are Aveda products, and the showers come stocked with razors, shaving cream. There is also toothbrushes, all kinds of curling irons, dryers, basically EVERYTHING you'd need in a bathroom. And there are enough vanity areas and showers for people to not have to share anything. The spa ciao (as they call it) was not just granola and fruit, they had fancy mixes like flaxseed, raisins and pistachios. High end teas, water, coffee etc. They use glassware, china and utensils, versus paper cups, plastic stirrers etc. They also offer the snacks/drinks in the co-ed waiting area.Okay but enough about aestetics, the most important thing was this was by far one of the best massages I've had in a long time.  My technician Laurie was not only super friendly and professional, she was GOOD! She was ultra thorough and worked on my problem areas with such expertise and care. And the treatment rooms were huge and state of the art.  The robe hangers are heated! I was so relaxed and loosened up afterward. My group of friends (husbands included) really liked this place. Recap:Pros:-New, modern well appointed and high quality products-Pay attention to little details, heated rob hangers? Great!-Spa week prices, gotta love it!-The staff: Ultra professional and my techncian was awesomeCons:-Maybe the overall size of the facility, as it's not totally huge, so I suspect the weekends might be busy,
5	Hands down one of the most beautiful spas I have been too. Was there for a bachelorette party and we were taken care of and we all felt very relaxed when we left.  I was matched with Barbara Florez. She has an amazing ability to know where to add extra pressure and where to ease up. When I return I will definitely request her again. One of the best massages I have ever received.
5	My new favorite place for a massage. Ask for KEVI is the best in Vegas. I came here on a spafinder special and LOVED IT! Con:the steam room wasn't working when I was there...PRO! they use Aveda on all their products.keep it up!!!
5	Lynn and I had a couples Hot Rock massage that was truly wonderful . . . the steam room *still* wasn't working (10/16) on either the Men's or Women's side, but the sauna, jacuzzi and showers were great and everything was very, very clean and comfortable.Yes, it isn't the Mandarin Oriental, but this is a wonderfully spacious and inviting place.
5	hahahahaha.  i got a spray on tan.  i don't even think it took.who cares they are so nice and it was fun.
5	I had a great experience at the Vdara spa this weekend.  My adventure started with a manicure, which was wonderful...their employees are friendly and great at what they do.  Next was a 90 minute 'jet-lag relief massage'...this was the best massage ever!  The lady gave just the right amount of pressure and will focus on areas that you have the most tension.  Then finished with a pedicure, which was wonderful. (sorry, I can't remember the three ladies names!?)Both steam rooms were working and the hot rock chairs were very relaxing.  I only saw two other ladies in the spa during my four hour stay (it was Friday morning), so I had everything to myself! The drinks and snacks are delicious, and they have almost everything you'd need to get ready for the day.Bonus: They have their locals discount seven days a week! I'll definitely be back!
5	Insane.  Worth the price.  Masseuse really understood deep tissue.  Spa facilities nice and private.  I had the spa, steam room, and sauna  to myself a good portion of time.
4	I was staying at the Aria for a Vegas trip but the Vdara spa, which is right next door, got higher reviews so I booked a couple's massage for me and my boyfriend as a part of his birthday weekend. I recommend getting there maybe 45 minutes to an hour early so you can enjoy all the amenities they have to offer. Everything is always fully stocked and so pristine. The atmosphere is super relaxing and the service was just wonderful.One thing holding it back from the full 5 stars is that loud construction interrupted our quiet massage time (out of their control, I know) and when I used the showers, if I, or someone else, turned the water up to high, the pipes made this loud, terrifying shaking noise that would not stop until you turned it down. It wasn't just once or twice, but several times. It was loud enough that I could still hear it when I was in another area drying my hair. Other than that, my time here was fantastic!
5	My best friend and I went to The Spa at Vdara for my birthday (as I was staying at the hotel).  There are three parts to this review: The Fitness Center, The Spa area/locker rooms, and the treatment itself.Fitness CenterWe checked in early so we could use the workout facilities.  They have a good amount of treadmills, ellipticals, and bicycles for the size of the fitness center.  All of them have individual TV's attached and iPod plug-ins.  They have machines that will work every muscle in your body and a really nice set of free weights, stability balls, and benches.  In addition there is free water, towels, and headphones if you forget yours.  There are also large TV's everywhere which is nice.The Spa Area (Locker rooms, wet-area, waiting rooms)The locker area was fully stocked and very clean.  It has everything you need to get ready (except makeup) to include razors, toothbrushes, dryers, flat-irons, etc.  The robes and slippers are wonderful.  The wet area is a decent size and has a steam room, sauna, hot tub, and heated lounge chairs.  Everything about it was great and relaxing.  The lounge/waiting area had tea, fruit and "spa chow" which was a variety of trail mixes.  I tried all three mixes and they were good.  The tea was very, very good.  The co-ed lounge area has all of the same amenities and is very tranquil.The Treatment and ServiceI was taken in to my treatment right on time.  I had the jet-lag massage.  It was fantastic.  It started with a scalp and neck massage and worked its way around.  The scents used were very invigorating and definitely not too overpowering.  My therapist was good about asking for trouble areas and pressure.  And he was good about knowing when to talk and when not too.  One of the best parts is the warmer they hang your robe on... putting on that warm robe after my treatment was amazing. I have been to many different spas and I would definitely go back to this one.  The prices are pretty comparable to others at that same level of quality and service.  And one of the nice things is that they don't automatically put on gratuity to your bill.  If you go to resort spas, you know that most of them automatically tack that on.  So it was nice to have the option to tip like crap if I hated the service :D  But, I didn't.I would highly recommend this to anyone.  Definitely go early and take advantage of the fitness center and the lounge and wet-areas.  You get the full experience that way.
4	My mom and I were staying at Vdara for a quick get away.  We took  a morning to relax at the spa.  We were very happy with that choice.I've been to my share of vegas spas (bellagio, mandalay bay, wynn, encore...) but the friendliness of the staff from the minute you walk into the spa/salon area is markedly different.  They were smiling, friendly - so refreshing.  Then we were taken up to the second floor spa are.Lorraine was our spa attendant - So sweet!  She showed us around, checked on us to see how we were doing - definitely added to the experience.The spa is small, but set up well and very clean.  All amenities are provided including styling products and brushes.  The wet area includes the jacuzzi, sauna and steam room (GREAT steam room!)Pluses - heated tile lounge chairs - luxurious robes and tasty dried fruit and nut snacks.  Right up there as one of my favorite spas.
5	I can honestly say that this is the first time I've ever received a massage from a professional. It's also the very first time that I have ever been on the inside of a spa. I'm very glad that I lost my virginity to the awesome staff at Vdara. Okay, let's start off with the warm reception. Once my gf and I were taken upstairs to the locker rooms, they let us know that we had to split up for privacy reasons but we could later join each other in the co-ed lounge area.She went into the female locker room and I obviously went into the male locker room. I was greeted by a very friendly fellow who told me all about the spa and gave me the tour. He assigned me a locker and told me where I could shower, relax in the hot tub, relax in the lounge or use the bathroom.I changed into my robe and took a walk around. The locker rooms were insanely clean and well kept. There were sinks on the left side with razors, shaving cream, toothbrushes and toothpaste, lotion, mouthwash and many more items. There were neat stacks of towels and the attendant mentioned that if I needed anything at all, I could let him know.The lounge area in the men's locker had a giant flatscreen tv showing the news. It was mounted on the wall and directly under the tv was a shelf full of various nuts and dried fruit. There was also water, tea, and coffee with all the condiments needed.After soaking it all in, I asked the attendant if I could join my gf in the co-ed lounge. He showed me over to it and I was amazed at the sight. There were many comfy chairs with a sculpture in the center with running water. Soft music played in the background and I was already incredibly at ease.At 6pm our therapists showed up. They walked us over to our private room where we were to receive our couples massage. I let the therapist that was going to be working on me that this was my very first professional massage and that I was also extremely ticklish. Until that day no one has successfully given me a massage. I usually squirm my way out of it and run for the hills.My therapist understood and went to work. We received a Swedish type massage and as soon as she started my body just went limp. I felt so relaxed it was amazing. I didn't try to squirm or laugh or run. I just closed my eyes and enjoyed every minute of it. Sadly, the 50 minutes expired way too fast. After the massage was over they let us spend as much time as we wanted in the meditation room. Again, it was filled with comfortable chairs, running water and candles. It was a very relaxing and serene experience. One that I hope to repeat as soon as possible.The entire package was something that I'd have to pay a fortune for. In all honesty it came out cheaper than I imagined. The couples massage, tax, tip and unlimited time in the lounges costed only $300.Whoa.
5	I've stayed in some of the top Hotels in Vegas and this has to be one of the cleanest, modern, and Feng Shui hotels in Vegas today.  The wait staff is very nice and the cafe is so modern, you just want to stare as a piece of art. As an example in the waiting area, they have a couch like object that protrudes outside of the glass on the outside of the building.I would highly suggest this hotel / Spa to anyone wanting to have the relaxation of a wonderful time in Vegas.
3	I loved all the design elements in here. From the meditation room with the water wall, to the lounge/waiting area, everything was beautiful and matched well together, as well as with the hotel. The hot tub area is a bit small but it is a smaller hotel. I really like the heated japanese lounge chairs. The steam room had a shower in it but I didnt' use it. I"m thinking if you needed to cool down with a shower you could right there. The sauna was normal and nothing special. The massage was wonderful. I had a relaxed deep and the therapist was top notch. I also really liked the massage table. I've been on heated and height adjustable tables, but this one had the option of lifting your knee so that lef pillow was not needed. That was a nice touch. The only thing I would say is lacking is the service. It's wasn't like they were not nice, but they weren't warm and welcoming. It was very sterile and to the point. Also there were several linen bins that were overflowing so I couldn't put my towels in. I just stacked it on top. One more thing, they have Aveda products for Shampoo, Conditioner and face care. That's nice but I my face and hair didn't like the products as it felt drying. I need something a little mso I put my own on.
4	My friend and I were looking for an affordable place to get mani/pedis while we were on vacation in Vegas, and we lucked out that Groupon was offering $35 for $75 in services for Vdara salon.It was--by far--the best deal I've ever gotten with a Groupon.  The salon is located in the new Vdara Hotel, just off the Strip.  The hotel is elegant and modern, with very simple decor, which was a nice change from the gaudiness of the Strip.  The spa itself is very clean and the staff were all very nice and friendly--especially our manicurists.  The pedicure was so relaxing, especially since we had spent the previous day hiking at the Grand Canyon.  They really took their time to provide the best quality mani/pedi, and they didn't once try to push any of the products on us.I'd definitely go back to Vdara next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Visited the spa as part of Spa Week and really enjoyed it. Great staff and oustanding amenities. We booked the Spa Week massage - a special deal at $50. The staff was warm and accommodating. Every possible personal care item was available -- razors, shower caps, toothbrushes, lotions -- without needing to ask or seek out staff.  The snacks and beverages were particularly cool. Several varieties of tea -- with real glass mugs or paper carryout cups available. (I'm all about creature comforts and favor a real mug in a saucer.) Also cool and a nice addition to the standard spa fare of fruit -- was the spa's "Spa Ciao" snacks -- three varieties of nuts with dried fruits. Another nice benefit -- lots of great reading materials in the lounge areas -- and terrific, natural lighting! (So many times at spas the lounge areas are so dark, one can't see to read.)  Unlike some spas we've visited, they don't allow spa guests to use the property's outdoor pool and there's no co-ed pool indoors, although there are two very nice co-ed lounges/relaxation areas.  We'd go back.
5	While I was living at the Vdara Hotel for 4 months, I frequently visited the gym here. The staff is great and friendly. The gym was impeccably clean. They were always providing guests with free bottles of water and fresh towels constantly. I was able to stay in relatively decent shape amidst all the gorging of food and alcohol.
4	Being poor college student, my friends and I decided to be on the hunt for a nice, decently priced place. Overall, Vdara was nice and decent priced...but oh wait, we forgot something...the location.  Vdara isn't located directly on the strip, so to get to the strip, we walked a good 10 mins each way.  While it may be good for our waistlines that just finished a grand buffet in Bellagio, our feet hurt from walking around all day.  From our hotel, we walked everyday from our side of the strip towards as far as Encore at least twice a day.  The next day, the toll on our fatigued body was obvious.The room itself was clean, but small.  We had 5 girls because the bed was king sized while the pull out sofa was queen.  We were able to obtain 4 extra blankets and 1 extra pillow--not conspicuous at all that the room was only booked for 2.  There wasn't a separate room was the toilet so when one of us had to use the toilet, everyone had to vacate the bathroom.   We didn't get a chance to use the amenities, but the free wireless internet was wonderful.  There aren't any shops at the bottom except maybe the coffee shop (which closes really early).  If you are planning on staying here, another word of advice: MAKE SURE THE TAXI DRIVER DOESN"T TRY TO TRICK YOU.  The first night we took a taxi home, we didn't know any better.  Since Vdara is located slightly further off the strip, the taxi guy drove around, crossed the freeway and then drove back around to get in "perfect location for the ramp" and then charged us $15 for the trip when getting there only cost me $10 (with tip).  The second night, a different guy wanted to do the same thing, but I made him stay on the strip.  Had it not been for the closing of the trip that night, it would have been another $10 trip, but since he had a slight detour, it turned out to be $12.  Basically, DRIVE ON THE STRIP AT NIGHT.  :)  Enjoy your stay!
3	Decent pedicure for the price, but could have used more massage time.
1	The spa was very very very basic. Staffs were friendly and nice but the facility is a joke. I have been to the spa at THE hotel, Encore and Wynn and this one is by far the crappiest. They have a tiny steam room and sauna and the waiting area is very small as well.
2	UPDATE! Thanks yelp! for removing my post due to inappropriate language! I guess I could easily copy-paste my original review, but then you'd just remove it and we'd play a grand old war of circle jerking until I downed your servers from sheer tenacity.  Instead I'll just replace all original "inappropriate" content with fuzzy warm words denoted by *stars* that can only be deemed vulgar if you, yourself, have a foul and filthy gutter mind. When I pay for a hotel room in the City Centre nestled between the illustrious Aria, overly bedazzled Cosmopolitan, and elitist Crystals, I expect to be treated like a rock star. A rock star that punches theistic figures in the face from the valet garage with my *rooster*- while doing *rooster*-push-ups with my other *rooster*. As I enter the lobby, I should be slapped in the face with velvet gloves filled with *coca-cola* then smothered in DoubleD *pretty dancing girls* wearing *floss of the nethers* made of more *coca-cola* and *bicycle tassels* that spill the sweet juice of Remy Cognac.Imagine my immense disappointment when I was met with a *fun-fun* room change instead, being downgraded from a booked City Corner Suite to a drab Regular with ABSOLUTELY NO WARNING OR DISCOUNT?! What the hell is this? Motel 6? We booked like 2 months in advance, what kind of self-respecting hotel shafts its patrons like this?I swear to God they did this because I was dressed like a panda and knew I was heading to EDC."Oh those raver children! They don't have disposable income to gamble with and will probably be too cracked out to complain about us SHOVING THIS LONG BEDAZZLED GLASS *ROOSTER* UP THEIR *HAPPY HOLES*! Where would they find another hotel for their DEVIL-WORSHIP RAVE SO LATE? MUAHAHAHA!!!" (Imagined Vdara Management Thoughts)The room itself is the only reason why I have not used my awesome yelp! powers to banish this hotel into the depths of obscurity. Yes, it was beautiful, spacious, clean, and had numerous amenities. But to be fair, this is *fun-fun* Las Vegas and should be expected unless your staying at the *fun-fun* Circus Circus.PROTIP: Vdara lacks any form of self-parking since it is considered too elitist to have such paltry peasant-like things. You must self-park at the Aria, which is an unnecessary tangling maze of crap that forces you to wind through the entire casino (since Vdara lacks its own casino). Vdara conveniently makes up for this by having 7 valet garages so that you can easily pay $5 every time you try to leave the hotel or fetch that chapstick you forgot in the front seat.TL;DR: Haven't you heard? It's an honor to be *happy* up the *happy-hole* by this hotel. It is a privilege to be perfectly gouged for parking.
5	This room was the best part of my Vegas experience.  Neophytes to Las Vegas, we decided to split the trip between mega-cheesy and relaxing.  After a few days at the casinos, it was just lovely to go to a hotel unattached to a casino.  It's a short walk to the Aria with decent bars, restaurants, and gambling.  It's relaxing.  The room was beeeaaauutiful.  It's simple, modern, and we had a gorgeous view looking-out over the Belagio and the strip.Our check-in and check-out experiences were flawless.  They seemed to "get it right."  I highly doubt that I'll return to Las Vegas (it's just to family-friendly)... but if I do, I'll certainly consider another stay at the Vdara.
4	Good prices and smoke free.  You drop off your car at the valet and the elevator to your room is practically right there.  Panoramic suites have an awesome view and even a washer & dryer.  There was this weird little room inside the guest bathroom though.  You open the door and it's like a closets but no storage.  I think i could be a little get nasty room.  The only thing that sucks is all the loops to get to the place.  Other than that pretty nice.
1	I give the Vdara one star because it calls itself a five star hotel. it is not. it would be a very nice four star by veags standards, ive stayed at the Wynn and the bellagio which are truly five star hotels, its the flawless service, highest quality towels and all the little things that make a five star hotel a five star hotel, ive had better bath towels at Marriott's inns, the facial tissue was like sam's club , either do the things that make a five star a five star or rate yourself correctly for the same price or a little more i wish i would have booked the Encore
1	We got a reservation here through Orbitz.  When we got to the hotel they "could not find" our reservation even though we had a confirmation number.  They had overbooked.  I have heard of airlines doing this but never hotels.  They offered to contact orbitz to find us anther hotel but after an hour and a half there was still no progress.  I think they were trying to wait until someone left but in the mean time were wasting our time.  We eventually cancelled through orbitz and stayed at the Cosmopolitan, but this was a horrible experience after a day of flying.  They never offered us anything.  I will never make a reservation here again!
2	This is a beautiful and contemporary all suit hotel but unfortunately this is the only selling point.  The cons out weigh the pros especially when considering you must request amenities that are otherwise assumed. For example no coffee makers, no glasses or cups, no silverware, no self parking.  Also having to request wash clothes because housekeeping failed to leave any or only one for two people. Another issue is you have to basically take the City Center Tram to get to the strip,an inconvenience in and of itself.  The pool is small as is the fitness center and going for a simple run along the Strip is more troublesome than worth the effort.So the bottom line, I'll stay somewhere more convenient during my next visit to Vegas.
4	This is a review for the SPA & SALON Vdara -When I first called to book a hair cut/style and full make up application I was disappointed when the lady told me the make up people are only there on fri & sat nights. But I got over it and still scheduled my hair cut.I got there and was promptly (early) taken back and met my hair dresser. She was SUPER CUTE and friendly. We instantly hit it off since we had just both gotten married. At first I was skeptical because I knew this hair cut was $95, but I am honestly going to tell you it is worth it.Process went like this:-Consultation. complete walk thru of how I wanted my hair cut, layers, layer length, bangs? bang lenth? she really walked thru every step to make sure she knew what I wanted.-Wash. Wash, Massage. Rinse. Conditioner, Massage. Rinse. A Leave in Mouse with a longggggg massage. (amazing)-Hair cut. Which that was just great, lots of talking, gigglying. She was so nice.-4 brush blow out. Which if you are like me, I didn't know what this was. 4 Round brushes in your hair (like curlers? as she dries my hair, so it has a nice rounded bottom to all the layers. It laid SO NICE after she got done.-Additional styling.It was amazinggggggggggggggggg. she made me feel so good.As weird as it sounds I would definitely pay the 105$ (tip) again to see her.
4	Salon review:During my stay at Vdara, I booked a hair appointment with Lisa. Lisa was FANTASTIC!! She was super friendly and professional. She took alot of time with me and made sure I got the style I wanted. The salon is super clean and tidy and all of the front desk staff were very helpful. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be heading over to the Vdara Salon again!Hotel review:My dh and I spent 2 nights here and loved it! We loved that it was smoke-free and very quiet. It was close walking distance to pretty much all of the places we wanted to see so we didn't mind at all. Our deluxe suite was over 600 sq ft and very roomy like a small apartment! I loved the kitchen and we used it to reheat our leftovers and the 2 flat screen tvs were great as well, we could see one in front of the couch and another in front of the bed! The bed and pillows were super comfortable and the bathroom was huge! I loved that there were plenty of drawers and closets in which to store my clothes. The big soaking tub was nice too, I'm glad I remembered to bring my bubble bath! Our room had a nice view of the Bellagio waterfall too which was a nice surprise! We will definitely stay here again.
3	This is the un Las Vegas Hotel.  No casino, no smoking, no half mile hallways.  The project is very nice but lacks the restaurant ENTERTAINMENT and shop amenities you are used to in L V.  Not to fear it is a short bridge to Bellagio, next door to the Cosmo  and 40 yard walk to Aria that has all the usual stuff.  We had a Panorama Suite which was huge and very nice with 180 degree views of the strip and mountains.  The only issue with the suite was a horrible use of space.  Who needs half the living area being a kitchen and breakfast room.  This project was developed pre crash LV for sale which accounts for the large area devoted to the kitchen.  City Center is a wonderful 7 billion dollar project with lots of very high end shopping and hotels.
1	It's a snazzy new hotel and that's always nice. Manny and Tony at the tiny bar downstairs are great. Manny took the time to customize and recommend the drinks that were best for diabetic me. However we had to go to the front desk to order room service (after dialing in for 30 mins produced no answer). Check in took 30+ mins; the pool was tiny and so windy that the chairs kept flying into the pool.  Our amenities in the room were less than great and considering the abysmal service, I will probably never stay here again.
1	DO NOT BOOK THROUGH Jet Luxury for the Vdara. Plus when I complained about something & then told it would be taken care of- it WAS NOT!! So never again will I stay at the Vdara, and I will spread the word!!!
1	Not juicy, too small and not worth itThe place is tiny!! Definitely not worth to pay for the day pass. The massage I got here was good but felt like it wasn't enough. I had the 50 minutes massage but felt like a 40 minute massage. The masseuse hands felt very strong and it was a good massage overall. The jacuzzi was small. The sauna and steam room felt mediocre. The whole was was very small. They also had a co-ed meditation room where I fell asleep.
4	This spa is small, but classy. I went on a Friday afternoon and had the whole place to myself while I waited for my service. It has your basic "spa" amenities - hot tub, sauna, steam room AND it has heated chaise lounges - yes please!They offer some pretty nice "spa ciao" and a nice selection of teas. The girls working at the front desk are lovely and very sweet. Great customer service. My services were hit and miss. I had two massages and a facial (massages on separate days). The facial was awesome. She showed those blackheads who's boss and really left my skin with a glow - no redness or unattractive "I've just had a facial" marks. The massages were both kind of weak. I've got knots.I need some serious assistance with them. The massages were mostly warm lotion applications - no real pressure applied. Next time, I'll make sure I request a deep tissue or sports massage and hopefully that'll get the desired results. Overall, a really nice spa that's quite and has great service.
5	My girlfriend and I was in the spa for the whole day and we had a great time!We walked-in and was able to get the pedicure with hot stone right away.The pedicure is relaxing but addint hot stone is adding the better experience (after long walk the day before along the stripe).The locker room - steam room, hot tub and meditation room - is great! We were really enjoy steam room. Also we was able to go get the lunch at the first floor and then came back to enjoy the amenity again.One thing to complain is that we were required to show our credit cards and IDs twice at check-in and check-out. I am not sure why. I thought it had been verified already.
4	Las Vegas is not my favorite weekend destination but I was there this past weekend for a friends birthday. Two of the girls had booked massages at Vdara Spa on Saturday. I decided to join them last minute. I was able to get in at 1:30 for a 50 minute massage for $140. On the higher side, but that is to be expected in Vegas. We got there early so we could enjoy the spa. The staff was super friendly. We were given robes and sandals and access to the Eucalyptus sauna, regular sauna, jacuzzi tub and heated marble chaise lounges. They had tea and mixed nuts and fruit. They were fully stocked with razors, toothbrushes, shampoo, conditioner, etc. We all loved our treatments and decided to stay and hang out for the day. The spa advertised a champagne bar serving Veuve so we decided to have a glass. The champagne bar is the only reason I did not give this place 5 stars. We had to leave the actual spa (in our robes) and go back to the spa check in lobby. The champagne bar was more of a smoothie bar. Since we were getting 3 glasses, we thought about getting a whole bottle. The girl wasn't of the prices so we waited while she checked on them. After finding out the prices, we opted for 3 glasses (overpriced, of course). We were told that there were no champagne glasses and they were trying to find some. After 15 minutes of not locating any, they called room service to bring us 3 glasses. We were not allowed to bring the champagne into the spa area so we waited in a waiting lounge for our champagne. It took 40 minutes! Room service came and delivered it to us for which we were charged a room service fee. You shouldn't charge a room service fee when you advertise a champagne bar and you don't have any glasses. The room service guy was very nice and the situation was not his fault so we didn't raise the issue with him. When we checked out of the spa, they did remove the room service fee after our complaining. But we never got an apology for the inconvenience or having to wait 40 minutes for the champagne. Overall, I loved the spa and would highly recommend it. Everything was fantastic, except the champagne experience which would be easier to overlook if it was just bad or not great but it was a disaster.
1	After seeing 6 stylists in the 9 months after moving to Vegas from Boston, I've come to the realization that the talent pool here is very shallow, and at the Spa & Salon Vdara, it's more of a puddle.My stylist in Boston wrote precisely what to do to duplicate the color she'd been doing for me for two years and I have so far been unable to find anyone who would or could do it. Full disclosure: I had dyed my hair brown just prior to trying out Vdara (to cover 6-stylists-in-9-months' worth of bad highlights) but was looking to come back to blonde. That being said, I've gone from brown to blonde several times before with no problem. My Boston stylist just does the same foils as always but a little denser and I'm a darker blonde for a couple months. But at Spa & Salon Vdara there was a big issue of lack of competency. In Boston, my stylist would do really dense foils with a couple different colors, break up my base color, tone it, and I'd be done in 3-4 hours with a cut. It turned out my expectations were LIGHT YEARS ahead of what any of the girls at Vdara were capable of: it took SIX hours for Kelsey to do 1/2 head foil of one color, without toning and without a cut with another stylist, Lisa, assisting for about four of the six hours! She also charged me not for the 1/2 head foil I got; not for the full head foil I asked for; she charged for a double process color because it took so long! Um, where I'm from that leads to a discount and an apology, not an additional charge! I was desperate to find a regular salon here in Vegas so I went back hoping that I could deal with them at least keeping me blonde using a technique within their comfort zone (even though I was paying more than I did in Boston). The second time there, Kelsey was out for 3 weeks so I saw Lisa, who had helped work on my hair last time. I made it clear that I wanted to be blonde, not a streakily highlighted brunette. I should have run screaming when I saw the vats of bleach coming out. She bleached. my. whole. head. Lemon yellow. As if  that's not bad enough, she had separated out the highlights from last time so the bleach didn't melt that hair, but this meant she didn't get the bleach up to my scalp. I had at least an inch of dark brown hair at the top. Then Lisa gave me a "choice": I could leave with 1" of dark brown hair, or I could see another stylist, Amanda, to dye my roots. Obviously I wasn't going to leave with roots, so off to Amanda I went. Amanda dyed my dark brown roots with a light blonde dye. Anyone who's ever known someone with a home done box hair dye mishap knows what blonde dye over brown hair leads to: ORANGE.  I had ORANGE roots and LEMON YELLOW hair. Oh my god. It had taken six hours again, and I was so eager to leave, that I checked out and paid for a double process (the bleaching, even though it was technically only a single process as they didn't even tone... I'll get to that in a minute...) PLUS a single process (the dying of my roots - a surprise to me for sure). Now here's where I plead temporary insanity. Desperate to salvage something from this experience, I called the next day and asked them to at least tone my flaming brassy locks. They did, for another $85!!!!  And she asked if I wanted to pay for a blowout, which I absolutely did not, so I left the salon with wet hair. But just like you can't fix stupid, you can't tone orange. Toning did nothing. I called and spoke with the manager, and he oh-so-generously refunded the $85 for the toning.  I should have never gone back, I know, but they should never have graduated beauty school, so I'll call it even. When I went to get that mess fixed by Paul at Christophe, he asked if I did it myself. Ouch. When I told him that no, it cost me ~$500 he was flabbergasted. I am too.
5	The Vdara salon girls know their stuff! My hair has never looked this good! During my last trip to Vegas, I decided to swing by since my hair was looking lifeless and drab. My hair  needed some TLC and style. My stylist, Lisa, transformed my dry 'blah' hair into bouncy healthy locks. I was thrilled!  I travel full time for work, and I have visited many high-end salons across the country.   The Vdara Salon takes the cake. If you want gorgeous hair, get it styled here.  You won't leave disappointed :)
5	I haven't been to the spa yet, but I've had haircuts at the salon, and Lisa is great! She takes the time before every appointment to discuss what I want, and she really listens. The first time I went in, I had gotten a bad haircut and I needed her to fix it. I couldn't even explain to her what was bad about it, but she figured it out and gave me exactly what i wanted! For me, the sign of a good haircut is what it looks like once I wash and style it myself, and for this, Lisa gets an A+. I will be back to Salon Vdara next time I'm in Las Vegas, no matter what hotel I stay in.
5	Had a jet lag massage with John this weekend. Was the best massage I have ever had - and I get massages fairly regularly. He really listened to what I wanted (neck, shoulders, deep pressure).  Can't speak highly enough of him. The overall really experience was really nice. Not a very big place, but well done. Great steam room. Staff was all very nice.  Would absolutely return.
5	AMAZING.  What a beautiful space.  My boyfriend surprised me with a massage while on vacation and it was worth every penny.  The staff was so nice and they really go the extra mile to make you feel special.  The spa was modern and clean with gorgeous finishes.  My massage was scheduled for 8am and I showed up around 7am to check in.  Although it was early, I was so happy I got there to enjoy the spa - I had the entire place to myself for an hour.  What a treat!My masseuse, Kristen, was awesome.  She did a great job and was actually fun to talk to.  If you can make a request, ask for Kristen!
4	LOVE the spa here! It's not co-ed, but it's pretty nice inside! If you are a guest at the Vdara, you get access to the spa facilities for $25 (not including massages of course). Everything inside is very spacious and clean. There's a nap room where it's dark and was lit up with candles. There are curtains so you can get some privacy, and you just sleep in those comfy sofas while listening to soothing sounds. You can also bring your complimentary tea and snacks in there too! :) The changing area is really big and includes all the necessities a girl will need after a shower (lotion, hair spray, hair dryer, curling iron, straightening iron, etc etc). The spa area was kind of small, but it does the trick. There's a jacuzzi, heating bed, and saunas - everything you'll need for a day of relaxation. I would definitely go back if I'm a guest at the Vdara. I'm not sure how much it is if you're not a guest...
5	My boyfriend and I got an Arnica muscle repair couples massage. 280 for 50mins. Very relaxing massage. The spa is gorgeous. Friendly staff. On the day of service, you get to re-enter to use all amenities up till 8pm. Consists of jacuzzi, steam & sauna.
4	My hubby and I got swedish massages here. I got mine for $99, since there was a summer special for Vdara hotel guests. Not too bad for a brand new, Vegas spa massage for 50 minutes.You can use the facilities up to 8pm the day of your service, so feel free to come back whenever you like. They have your basic amenities like everything you need for a shower, freshening up (hair brushes, hair spray, lotions, etc.), snacks, refreshments, sauna, jacuzzi, and steam room.I've been to Qua and this place is a bit smaller, but more "up to date". The only thing that this spa has that Qua doesn't is the Meditation Lounge. This is where you can take a nap after your services. It literally has several beds with blankets on them. Nice to lay down after a relaxing massage, and listen to water flowing. =)The price of a day here for guests is $25, and $50 for those not staying at the hotel. It's a lot less crowded here than other spas I've been to, but I think it's because of the price. Nice for me, since there were at most 3 people in at a time.Definitely worth $99 for a facial and massage. Next time I'm gonna get a deep tissue massage...
3	Spa & Salon Vdara, located on the second floor of the hotel, not only has a spa and salon, but also a fitness center, which is complimentary for hotel guests.  The fitness center had everything I needed, including ice cold water and towels.I made a reservation for the spa to get a massage.  Until this visit, I've never gone to a spa before.  Without any point of comparison, I have to say that the spa was awesome.  I was promptly greeted, given a tour of the facilities, and was told to call if I had any questions.  What really made it awesome was I had the entire spa facility to myself, so I got to relax before my massage. There's a jaccuzi, steam room, and sauna.  They were all relaxing and next thing you know, it was time for my massage.My massage therapist was friendly, however, her hands were rough!  It didn't make the massage relaxing at all, but I decided to make the best of it.  I still managed to fall asleep for a little bit, but at the end of the massage, I didn't have that euphoric feeling I usually get.  Luckily, when you get a massage you also get to use the spa for the entire day.  I decided to relax in the steam room more, so that helped.All in all, it was an a-ok experience.  I would return for the spa, but maybe not for a massage.
5	Besides the loud people who came in large groups my experience here was amazing.  I've already fell in love with Vdara staying here in this new smoke free environment just walks away from Bellagio and the City Center.  I then splurged myself going here on my last day at the hotel.Everything was serene and everyone was so nice and helpful (given they have to).  I booked a relatively early massage at 11am but came in at 10am in which they checked me in and let me use the facility and apparently you can till 8pm that night (come and leave freely as you please).  I have never had a massage before or been to a spa so this was all new to me.  But the workers here were helpful and let me know what I could do and how to use the amenities.  Spa, heated chair, steam room, and sauna...oh and drinks and snacks in the lounge.  What more can you ask for?When my masseuse was about ready for me I was taken into another lounge area inside just outside the massage area where there's also a meditation room for some quiet time.  When I finally got settled in I felt I was in good hands.  I had a female masseuse who made me feel comfortable my first time.  I opted to get the lavender massage for 50 minutes.  I felt myself falling asleep and feeling so relaxed after my massage.  I wanted to just rest a bit more in the spa but as I stated I came out to a loud spa with tons of people around.  They kinda took over certain areas so I just moved out as soon as I could.  I wasn't bothered by it so much since it was my first time.  However, I did notice another customer getting extremely upset since she had to speak to the manager and stated it was a lot better last few days she's been there but that day was unbearable to her.Different limitations for everyone I suppose.  Would definitely be back again
4	So.  I'm the type of person who thinks of Vegas as a place to get some rest, to relax, and maybe get some Vitamin D.  And of course, there's no better place to relax than a spa.  I signed up for the facial, as well as a haircut.  Getting a facial service meant that I got run of the spa for the day and a locker, but I only showed up an hour and a half early, so I could change, and hit the jacuzzi tub, dry sauna, and steam room in the back of the women's locker room.  (If you're wondering, this part of the spa is clothing optional, but everyone is given a fluffy robe, and there are stacks of towels everywhere.  Luckily for me, I was there on a weekday afternoon, so I was the only one there at the time.)  I am not much of a jacuzzi person, but it was nice.  I liked the steam room best.  There are two tiled-concrete chaises by the jacuzzi.  I didn't find them that comfortable, but I am probably too short.  (I suspect they are made for the measurements of the average man, like gym equipment, so...)   In addition to stacks of towels, there is lemon water and bottled water so you can get and stay hydrated.  I would have liked cucumber water, but oh well.My actual facial was pretty darn spiffy.  I wish I remembered the technician's name.  (I think it was Maile or some other spelling of Miley, but I was too relaxed to remember names.)  The facial was comfortable and relaxing, and my skin looked great after.   I'd scheduled a half hour break between the end of the facial and my next stop, which was a haircut, so I could pop back to the steam room and spiffy up.  There are all kinds of stuff to clean up - lotion, facial cleanser, cotton balls, combs, hair dryers, etc., which was nice. I wish I could say more about my haircut.  I hadn't gotten one in *mumble* months, and was ready for a change, so I asked for 5" to be cut.  My hair's long, so this isn't super drastic.  My stylist did a great job with it - and I am impressed with hair techs who can give a great haircut to someone the first time.  Again, I forget her name, so I can't recommend her by name.I appreciate that there was no high-pressure walk by the products on the way out.  If I wander down to Vegas again, I'd be willing to visit again. .
5	Great place!! Very clean and professional!  Prices are reasonable and lots of options.
4	I love the spa and what better way to relax after hours of walking each day in Las Vegas?Everyone ranging from the greeter to receptionist and massage therapist were great.  I was able to recharge myself with my 2 hour visit to the Vdara Spa.  They have a meditation room where you can rest or even take a nap after your services.  My only request is to see water or tea with glasses and not plastic cups or water bottles.  That's a lot of unnecessary waste, but I have a feeling that's just how Vegas does things.  Would be nice to be a little more environmentally friendly though.
5	5 Stars? Why? Well I have SPAFINDER gift certificates!! It paid 75% of my bill. YEAH! I received them as gifts for Xmas.. and you can also purchase them at Costco for cheaper ($75.00 for $100 Gift Cert) As for the SPA.. read what others have said. But I loved the Meditation room.. After your treatment or if you want some quiet time. Visit it.
4	i received a complimentary day pass to the Vdara spa.  i believe the regular price is $28 if you're a hotel guest/$50 if you're not.i didnt get any treatment done, so i can only comment on the facility.  but, i tried it all... in this orderjacuzzi - it was nice, the temperature could have been a little hotter for me, but i'm practically cold blooded.  i like that it's bathing suit optional as i did not bring one with me :)  there are heated hard lounge chairs around the jacuzzi.  it's nice to sit and warm your bum a bit.  also, they have mini fridges containing water, juice (apple and orange) and ice buckets with cold towels.  the only bad thing about the location of the jacuzzi is that you have a great view of it from.. almost everywhere.  it's 1 long shot from the entrance lounge to the jacuzzi area.  therefore, if you're in the buff, it's likely that someone will glance down and get a free show.  luckily, i went around noon time on a monday and it wasnt too busy.  however, as i was finishing up my shower, they were showing some girls around the facility and that thought popped into my head.eucalyptus steam room - this was the thing i looked forward to the most!  it was amazing.  not too much time passed between the steam blowing and it never felt like the room cooled down.  the eucalyptus scent was perfect.  i spent at least 30 minutes in here.dry sauna - ok, i lied when i said i tried everything.  i spent too much time in the steam room and i had to move on!meditation lounge - i then worked my way down the long hallway to the meditation lounge.  i stopped by and grabbed some snacks along the way (nuts, seeds, dried fruit) to munch on as i "meditated".  the room is nice, dark colors, soft lighting, half curtain separating each lounge chair... but i was bored after 3 minutes.entrance lounge - i went back to the entrance lounge, took a seat, perused through some magazines and watched food network on the tv. shower - finally, i decided i should probably wrap it up.  the showers are spacious and they provide shampoo, conditioner, body wash, a razor and shaving cream.sink area w/aveda product -  this area is nice and big and bright.  all products are aveda: hand and face soap, body and face lotion, and some hair products.  they have sanitized combs, blow dryers and flatirons.  in summary, if you are looking to relax, this is the place!  and you don't even need to get a treatment to enjoy all it has to offer... although i'm not sure if i would pay $28 for it.  anyway, enjoy and i'm so jealous of you right now!
5	Vdara spa is a little out of the way, but worth it.As soon as you walk in the water cascade down from the upper level gets you in a the mood for a relaxing day.A very luxurious locker room, The whirlpool is on the small side.The massage rooms are very nice, the highlight is an electric adjustable table.The massage was top notch and it was nice to finish the massage and have your bathrobe heated, it was a nice touch.The Las Vegas Sun rated it top massage for 2012 and I could see why.
5	Came in for an updo and lash extensions, loved it!
4	Small spa but very cozy! I like.Staying at the Vdara was a treat. Going to the spa was even better. I love spending time, maybe 3 hours, at a spa. I booked an 80 minute Naturopathic Facial. With a service, you get to stay in their spa all day and there are in/outs. Facial was good but I've had better. I think I ended about 5 minutes early. To me, that is valuable spa time! I love their steam room and meditation room. I fell asleep while "meditating". I was truly relaxed. I loved it. They have Aveda products, clean/sanitized combs/hair brushes, flat irons, and curling irons to use. They also have a great selection of tea and 3 variety of nuts and dried fruits. I only wished my 80 minute facial was really 80 minutes.
3	My only spa experience at Vegas so far. The fitness facility is great and has a little bit of everything. You can bring your iPhone and charge it and/or bring your earphones to watch T.V. while on a machine. The spa facilities are great too; there's a jacuzzi, a steam room, and sauna. They anticipate every little item you might need including razors, makeup remover, toothbrushes (individually prepackaged with toothpaste), hairbrushes, etc. I especially love the Vdara robes.We got a couples massage and it was amazing. The massage bed is electronically controlled, and we added the special lavender oil for $10. Afterwards, we headed to the meditation room and took a nap. Halfway through someone came in and draped a blanket over me. The first time I went was my best experience. The sauna wasn't working in my most recent visit. I was lucky to get a complimentary pass, but I would have been pretty upset if I had to pay $25 for the pass and a part of the facility wasn't working.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 21/100Update: Lisa G. is now the main colorist over at the Aria Spa & Salon. It is literally right next to Vdara.  I followed her over to Aria and you should too!
5	OMG what a beautiful spa!! They were able to get us in almost immediately. I had a 50 minute massage and it was heavenly!! Totally pricy at $165 +tip but it's Vegas. I wish Iddidn't feel rushed though because I would've loved to have enjoyed the hot tub. If I stay at Vdara again I am so going back solo so I can take my time to relax. Yum!!
5	Five stars for the Vdara gym! More than a full set of kettlebells, 6+ treadmilles, 6 ellipticals of various kinds, couple full sets of free weights, free cold bottled waters, and attendant on duty. Really a well equipped gym. I almost marked off a star because there's not quite enough floor space for how crowded the lifting room gets. However, the gym is so well equipped and maintained that I can overlook the lack of space. Thank you for the great workout!
4	My greeting at the front reception was warm and nice. The lady told me to go upstairs and another person greeted me at the entrance of the women's locker area. Since I've been here before I told her I can skip the tour. She gave me my locker assignment and I changed into my workout gear. Having a fitness center in a spa is a perk I like to use. The downstairs gym area had towels, bottled water, smaller lockers for hotel guests, high tech cardio and weight machines, large TVs, kettle bells and weights. I jumped on a cardio machine, watched some TV on the individual screen for 30 minutes, then used some of the weight machines. I felt like I did more reps because the machines moved so smoothly without resistance unlike my regular gym. The upstairs spa facilities starts with a coed sitting room which is stocked with a variety of beverages and trail mixes. My favorite was the one with pumpkin seeds.  This is also the area where it splits off to the male and female locker rooms with wet facilities. In the female area, it was pretty standard with a vanity area (full of amenities like lotions, hair stuff, etc), showers, hot tub, steam room, and sauna.  In the treatment area, there is also a quiet meditation room which a perfect place to relax and nap after a treatment. I did this after my massage. Speaking of massage, it was good. The massage bed was already warmed and the coolest thing is instead of putting a round pillow under your ankles, the bed moves and puts you in a perfect massage position! The massage itself was relaxing with some moments of tension being released. Overall a good balance of relaxation and tight muscle release. i judge this by how many times I can fall asleep during the massage, which was at least two. My therapist was named Michael or David I believe. I would definitely come back and stay for at least 4 hours to utilize everything.
5	VERY relaxing spa, jacuzzi, sauna and steam room area. I could spend all day there if I wanted to. Really enjoyed the atmosphere, staff were friendly and nice and my friends that got massages really enjoyed the meditation room as well as their massages. Was so relaxed in the sauna that I fell asleep in there. Highlight were the juices that were in the fridge and snack trail mix that was in the area. Wonderful way to spend a day in Vegas.
4	I only had the organic pedi/mani during my stay from the last weekend. (Wish I could book a massage/facial but I was too late to book anything that would fit my schedule). But it was a great experience and I love every moment of it. The specialist (I think her name was Cindy)  was willing to spend a few minutes with me to choose a color. She's friendly and professional. The deep purple color that she picked was lovely. And the sparking glittering color was an elegant touch for my mani @ vegas :D  Since I stay at Vdara - it just makes sense for me to have my beauty pampering moment here. Oh, and I love love love the nail salon massage chair - the massage was perfect. I hate those vigorously vibrating chair but the one at this nail salon was just spot on! I think all nail spa should have this high-end model of massage chair. Seriously! I'm definitely a fan for this place!!
5	Stayed at the Vdara this past weekend and had a chance to have a 50 minute massage and organic mani pedi.  It was great.  Each time I visit Las Vegas, I have a massage and I will say that I thought the Vdara was the best yet!
5	I really enjoy this spa. The relaxation area where you wait for further instructions is perfect. There is an assortment of dried fruits and nuts, as well as several hot tea options. After waiting in the relaxation area for a moment, an attendant came to show my friend and me the locker room area. We quickly put on our fluffy white robes and sandals, and went to explore the spa area. Everything is contemporary, with clean lines and medium-colored wood accents.The shower area is large, and there is an array of products to use if you prefer to take a shower in the spa after your treatment. There are also small refrigerators with to-go cups of cranberry and orange juices. What a nice treat! There is also plenty of bottled water around as well.My deep tissue massage was lovely, and I didn't even notice the construction sounds from next door. I would highly recommend this spa, and taking some extra time afterwards to relax in the relaxation area with a book.
5	I have been getting my hair done by the lead stylist Kelsey for a few years now. She is amazing. No one can cut, color and style like she does. I highly recommend going to her specifically. I went from dark brown to blonde and she's helped maintain a good color and now is helping me transition back to dark. She just knows exactly what to do and what will look good!
5	Wonderful spa! great facilities, lovely people that work there, pretty clean (except in the women's lounge, the spa attendants were not 'at the top of their game' w/replenishing juices, bottled water, cups, towels..but then i saw them get to it towards the end of my spa day) My guy friend, using the men's lounge, had a complete different experience than i did in the women's lounge. He said the male spa attendants totally gave him some 'green detox' juice, bottled water & wet towels while he was in the steam room, and made recommendations how to detox from previous night of partying/drinking. Their spa attendants were VERY attentive to the males, making sure everyone has plenty of water, everything was well stocked, etc.so why the 5 stars still?? well, my masseuse Ivy was awesome! she was very sweet, and gave me a great 80 min massage..the massage bed was neat because it can sit you upright, heated, and well cushioned. The meditation room was cool (provided other ppl that come in are in quiet mode)..most of us in the meditation room ended up napping.But my best experience at ESPA was my 'femme beauty' package in the Salon. I had eye makeup done & a shampoo, condition, blowdry & style. My male hairstylist (I'm terribly sorry for not remembering your name but you're the only guy there) & my makeup artist, Kelsey (?), were AWESOME!!! I have barely there shoulder length hair & he sleeked out the underside of my hair (b/c it naturally poofs out) & put some curls around the rest of my head...it looked wildly sexy hot. Definitely something i couldn't do myself & never thought I could curl my short hair. the best part, it stayed put all night & my locks were sooooo soft--i haven't had such soft hair in forever! Then the eye makeup, she definitely offered suggestions & listened to my needs..spot on. She did a great job. They all did & i would book them again in a HEARTBEAT..best $150 (w/tip & tax & adding false eyelash application) i ever spent to look cute & sexy. so after spending $500 at the spa in 2 seperate days, i thought it was worth the splurge..it is vegas after all! Will come back again!
5	Amazing experience! I had some time to kill at the end of my trip to vegas - all of my friends left around 4pm for the airport and I didn't need to be there until 9:30ish. After a weekend of partying and gambling, I was exhausted and didn't feel like aimlessly walking around the strip, so I called around 3pm hoping to get a massage appointment. I was quickly accommodated into a massage slot at 5pm - I honestly didn't have hopes for a same-day massage, so I was pretty impressed.The Spa is beautiful. They have rows of lockers with seriously the most comfortable robe I've ever been in, plush slippers, hair products, face washes, curling irons, straighteners, blow dryers, etc. etc. ETC. Walk a little further and there are large showers and a bathroom area. A few steps after that are the steam rooms, sauna, hot tub, and heated loungers. You are free to use any of these before and after your treatments. All around the spa are water dispensers, a variety of nut/fruit mixes, juice, teas, etc. I got the 50 minute Swedish massage. My masseuse was Natalie and she was WONDERFUL. Catered the massage to me, asking me a few times in the beginning if she should be firmer or lighter and within 5 minutes, I was getting the most perfect massage. I was so relaxed by the end, I could barely even get up to leave. I was shown a meditation room that I could take advantage of if I wanted and I definitely did. There are 6 plush beds, waters, soft serene music, and a waterfall lining one of the walls. I laid down and woke up 1.5 hours later. SO relaxing. Everyone you encounter is friendly and smiling. Everything is kept fully stocked. When the girl facilitating in getting you settled when you first arrive wasn't helping someone, she was constantly making sure the place was restocked and kept beautiful. I absolutely cannot wait to go back and stay longer, get a few other treatments, and get another massage!!
3	Disclosure- I won a deluxe mani/pedi package from Zip Code Magazine, worth a whopping $180!And a glass of champagne. The mani/pedi experience was good, though I'm not a fan of salons/spas other than using the jacuzzi. The massage chair for the pedi was a highlight, and I didn't find the experience very relaxing- though this was no fault of the technician. I just don't relax easily! The milk & honey lotion and scrub was nice, as are the hot towel wraps during the mani & pedi. While waiting for the pedi to dry, I asked if I could explore the rest of the facility and was given the OK. I walked upstairs to the spa locker room entrance and told the 2 people at the desk I was given the OK to look around. About 2 minutes later, another employee came up to me and said, the front desk said you don't have spa access.Duh......why did none of those 3 people mention I shouldn't go into the spa area????Apparently, it's clothing optional in there. If they want to keep people out, then they should stress that! Or put a key code on the door.I got some excuse about some of the employees being new, etc. Won't go back after that unless for another freebie.
5	This was the very first place where I experienced "the spa life" (of course it had to be in Vegas!) ever, I had previously never been to these kind of places...Upon falling in love with the hotel, my boyfriend convinced me that we should go to the spa they had and get a massage (because he's them previously at other hotels). So we called and after talking to the the receptionist, we agreed on getting a 50 minute couples massage. When we got to the the location, the receptionist greeted us, checked up in, asked for our shoe size and then led me to the women's facility side and another lady escorted my boyfriend to the men's facilities. Before showing me around she had me sit in the waiting room to fill out a questionnaire about my treatment that day and then after I finished she showed me around the facility and showed me to my assigned locker to put my things away in and to change into their robe and slippers. Since it was my was my first experience I took my time going to the co-ed waiting area to meet up with my boyfriend. I walked around the women spa facility just to look around and see what everything looked like. The shower area and vanity area were very modern and offered a lot of different amenities to use for getting ready, and the jacuzzi, and saunas area was very modern as well. I liked that near the jacuzzi area was their "drink station". They offered different juices as well as different waters for customers. I finally went to the co-ed waiting room to meet up with my boyfriend; the waiting room was lovely. It had a lot of dark purples and crystal chandeliers. There were different types of tail mixes for us to eat from as well as waters and teas. Our message therapists came out out to greet us and escort us to our room. They were very nice and welcoming. The therapists were really good massagers and I felt really relaxed. I liked that she would check on me every now and then to make sure the pressure was okay. After the massage was over, they waited for us to put on our robes outside and when we came out they had water/juice for us. Overall, it was a great first time experience and I would definitely love to come back to this spa.
4	Really nice spa facility.  A little on the small side but that was ok.  It had all the regular amenities. Dry sauna, steam room, hot tub,  showers, waiting room, etc.  The staff was very friendly and welcoming.  A staff member would always pop in to see how we were doing and ask if we needed anything.  The massage therapist were great.   They were nice,  gave great massages,  and we're not too talkative.   Everything needed for a relaxing massage  Will definitely be back.
5	I was on a solo trip to Vegas, figured out it maybe a good idea to spend a day at the spa to pamper myself.I called to the reception at 10am, they were able to schedule me for a message and eyebrow wax for the same day. I walked down from my room to the spa around 11:30am, the hostess was waiting me and she kindly brought me upstairs for a walkthrough. I changed and got myself a tea and some snacks at the waiting area; the hostess came back 5mins before my first appointment and led me into the treatment suite where my massage therapist was waiting. The massage therapist recommended a few scent oil to me and the one I picked was something with ginger; I fell asleep just few minutes into the message.After the message, I returned to the reception area and asked if I can order room service. The staff helped me to order and she told me since it was a slow day, I could eat my lunch in the waiting area. I then went to the steam room and the food was ready when I returned. Second treatment was the eyebrow wax which I have never done it before; I just felt I needed one so badly because my eyebrows were merging with my hair line. The technician took her time to explain to me about her work and understand my expectation; I felt comfortable when I let a total stranger to work on my face.I spent rest of my day in the meditation room and woke up felt like a new person. I am thinking of doing this for my annual getaway from now on.
3	This review is only for the spa facilities and not for any services as we only paid for the spa pass. This spa would get a higher review if it weren't for a few factors. 1) We went to Mandarin Oriental the day before and their spa is MUCH larger and has several additional amenities that Vdara does not have. I would imagine it would be tough to really enjoy everything on a busy weekend due to the size of the place. Don't discredit Vdara too much though, their day pass is $28 and their facilities are very nice while Mandarin Oriental is a $60 day pass. 2) My boyfriend said that the staff in the Men's area was super accommodating. When he was in the sauna, a staff member brought him water and towels several times. The woman working in the Women's area genuinely seemed pretty miserable. When I asked questions she gave me very short answers. My boyfriend sent a message to me asking how long I might want to stay because if I wanted to stay longer it would be ok. The woman did not relay the message correctly and I understood that I was being rushed to leave. Later when we met up, he kept saying he wanted to stay longer, and I was really disappointed because I also would have liked to stay longer. We both had a totally different spa experience at Vdara because of the differences in the quality of the staff in the Men's and Women's areas.
3	It was a nice spa. The "wet area" was a little small. I really like the relaxation room, with the waterfall wall. One of my services was before lunch and I asked if they had food available they said yes and I ordered from the room service menu, however when the food came. I had to sit out side the spa in the foyer (I was in my robe) on a really tiny table. After lunch I had my eye brows waxed, she did an OK job, thus the 3 stars. The room was dark so she asked how it looked and it looked fine, however once I went back to the locker room and looked in the mirror I saw a lot of hairs missed at $30 for the treatment I want to be hair free!
2	Edit: I will add that I sent and e-mail to VDARA regarding my experience and aside from being addressed as 'Mr. G', they are crediting my card for $50. I genuinely appreciate the gesture and would be willing to give another chance based on an offer received. They did the right thing and I'm glad to know that they are listening. I will update once I've returned. ---I'll update after they finish my wax, but I have to say... ESPA and I are off to a rocky start. Although they were very polite when I called for a last minute appointment, I was taken aback by the fact that they want $28 to use the spa facilities as well. I typically spa at Montage Deer Valley where my $95 Brazilian wax also gives me use of the spa for the day. I'm paying the same here and have to pay more to use the facilities? Come on, guys. That's a huge turn off, especially being a hotel guest. Montage lets their guests in for free and it's the freaking Montage... I have no issue paying for what I want, but this bothers me quite a bit simply based on the fact that I've stayed at plenty of 5 star properties where this is included with a service. And yes, it's not a body treatment, but a wax is still a 'service'... :(I'm not new to spa culture... I'm at the spa at least 1-2 times a week. This is just not what I expect, especially at a luxury property.
4	This is a nicely appointed, well maintained and clean spa. The men's facilities are on the small size...when compared to the spas at Bellagio, Mandalay or Cesar's Palace. But it's sufficient. Actually nice if you just want to relax and be alone. I had a massage and gents facial- both very good actually. Prices are on the high end but normal for Vegas strip hotel spas.  This is a nice place for sure. Just sleepy.
3	Small spa that has the necessary amenities.  I got a day pass for $28. The jacuzzi could be hotter. The bottom of the water spout for the jacuzzi was rusted and moldy.  One of the showers had a moldy shower head.  Three stars for the convenience, but they really need to attend to the cleanliness. I would rather get a day pass at Caesar's Palace spa if it was closer to the hotel.
2	Spa is okay...massage was terrible and it was a deep tissue massage. The best massage therapist is JJ there though. I have been to the mandarin spa...it is ten . Vdara is just a "job" for most of these employees and they go through the motions. When the spa is $180 bucks you would think your treatment would be outstanding.
4	We stay at the vDara and it comes with two complimentary spa vouchers. The spa has a steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, grooming, shower, snacks, and etc. It's clean and the staff are nice. I probably won't come here if I have to pay.
4	Great spa! Hot Tub: Medium size, plenty of jets and perfect temperature. I do wish they had more than one, luckily I was the only one in the spa so it wasn't a big deal but if there would have been 6 or 7 more people, it would have got uncomfortable pretty fast. Steam room: Eucalyptus infused steam. SUPER steamy, you couldn't see 6 inches in front of you. It was perfect. Sauna: Not as hot as I'd like it to be. I got here right after it opened so I'm not sure if they had just turned it on when I got there and it just needed some more time to heat up. Shower: Large clean stalls and included; shampoo, conditioner, body wash, razor, shave gel and wash cloth. Perfect shower. "Getting ready area": This had everything you would need to get ready after your shower. Hair Gel/ foam, Shaving gel, razor, toothbrush, toothpaste, mouth wash, and deodorant. Lounge Area: Pretty small, nice sized TV and dried fruit snacks. Plenty of small bottled waters throughout the spa. Service: Great, they did exactly what they are supposed to do. They showed me around and then didn't bother me. Very friendly and helpful if you have any questions.
5	I must admit this is my very first time at a spa...a real spa. You can tell they really spent money on making this place-which I'm glad since it's in the Vdara Hotel which is a non gambling hotel. Their "meditation room" is very calming with a waterfall wall and about 6 chaise lounges  where you can nap if you so wish. Did I mention is co-ed.?The only complaint I have is that the slippers they give you are an ugly heavy brown plastic atrocities. Why not fluffy white ones like the ones provided in the rooms?Other than that, the staff was very helpful and quick with a smile.Thank you for a relaxing experience.
