5	Definately a great zoo that is constantly improving itself.. I was there in October and they were adding a new building and different exhibits
4	The last time I went to the Zoo was in the Spring on a date. It was as I remembered ,as I expected. It was still early in the year and all the animals weren't out, but it was OK, she was speed walking anyways. I really liked the Aquarium stuff, though. Once again, don't go without kids.
4	I've been to the Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium three times, in the spring, fall (most recent visit) and winter. Winter and fall are the best times. Some of the animals who prefer warm weather, like the komodo dragon, aren't around, but there is still plenty to see. We saw the tigers born in 2006 a week or so after they were let out in the public areas, and then again this fall. That is one place we could stand and watch for a hour. Another is the polar bears, and with the new tunnel that goes under the tank, all the more fun.Monkey house is rather sad. Seems too small for the animals. We only go in to warm up.Not a huge fan of the aquarium. I've yet to go to an aquarium that matches Boston's.During the cooler months there is always staff who are happy to chat about the animals, which is another reason I like going in fall and winter.
5	We go tot he Pgh zoo every time we are back in town! I love the updates they have done and the new aquarium is GREAT!  Our other favorite is all the big cats! The food is alittle expensive but I can't stay away from the popcorn! The parking is easy and convenient- free last time we were there!!! What  a great place to take your kids too!
3	Went here a few days ago and of course it turned out to be the hottest day of the year.  I was somewhat disappointed in the lack of animal exhibits (compared to Cleveland Zoo anyway) but their Aquarium was fantastic.  They have two different play areas for kids which was a good place to let them play while my wife and I rested.  The admission was $12 for adults, $10 for kids 2yrs-13yrs and under two were free.  Not exactly cheap but tolerable.  I highly recommend bringing your own beverages because you will pay through the nose at the vender's/machines ($2.50 for bottled water/pop).       Another downside was that the tram was an extra $2 per person to use where at Cleveland it is included in the admission price.  They also had a small train ride for an extra $1 per person of which my  6 yr old son said " This train ride is a rip off."       Overall experience was pleasant but I will probably continue to visit the Cleveland Zoo rather than return to Pittsburgh.
4	I'm originally from DC, so I wasn't expecting anything to rival the National Zoo there. As I expected the enclosures were smaller, but it actually affords you a better chance to see the animals up close; I got to stand eye-to-eye with a lion! And there just happen to be two month-old baby elephants there now(which is a pretty rare thing in captivity). Because of an event going on that catered to children and families, the place was packed, but I definitely plab on going back in the near future.
5	I've been there a few times. Wow! Every time I go there is always something new! There are many cool things to see there! I recommend going there in May, June, or September (then, it is not too hot or cold).
4	I went to the zoo this fall and really enjoyed it. The tiger enclosure, with the window where the tiger can walk right up to you, is fantastic. I also really love the penguins. They swim right up to the glass, which seems to really thrill the kids, as well. And I swear, the penguins can see out and will play with you, chasing your hand around if you waggle your fingers at them a bit.The zoo is a nice size--large without being totally unwalkable--and makes a good day trip. The aquarium is also really nicely done and quite enjoyable.
5	I just went here last summer for my boyfriend's parent's 50th Anniv weekend, and it was awesome!  I loved how many animals had babies there.  We had the entire family, and we spent the whole day videotaping and taking pictures of eachother in front of all the animals.  It starting raining really hard and we still had a blast running from shelter to shelter in the ponchos we bought at one of the shops.  My favorite was the Meercat play area!!  I love those little things and was able to crawl through tubes, into a glass area you can stand in and see the meerkcats around you!!
4	The zoo itself is pretty good, with highlights being the polar bears, elephants, and various big cats.  But the highlight is the aquarium, which would be a separate facility in most cities.  One of the best places around for photography, people watching, and, well, fish.
3	While not one of the best zoo's in the USA, it is worth taking your time to visit. Plenty to see (all the usual animals). Cost is ok, the walking doesn't seem to bad till you get home that night and realize your legs are shot!
5	I went to the Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium on my birthday this year with my boyfriend and we had a wonderful time.  The location is great for us because we were able to walk there from his house in Morningside. The zoo had a lot of great animals to see, but it wasn't too big.  Another great thing about it was that a lot of the animals seemed active that day. We also got to see a lot of baby animals, which was super cute.  I had a great time there and I would definitely go back again!
4	**Do not follow the "1 Wild Way" address for directions; instead, plug 7340 Butler Street, Pittsburgh. The address listed will not take you to the zoo.**The Zoo and it's animals are amazing (we got to see 2 baby elephants and a baby seal), but it's dining options are saaaaad!  Really bad food and the dining room that we had to eat in was horribly filthy dirty.  Tables and the floor were a train wreck!!The animals and grounds were def worth seeing, though!!Def go see the critters; its a great zoo, but DO hit MickeyD's on the way!;)
4	I grew up in Pittsburgh and moved away, so I remember this place from my childhood so it was neat to come back later with my own child. They've obviously improved over the years, and in the last two years really added some great aquarium set ups including penguins (there's even an NHL hockey banner in the tank with them!) and a shark tank you can walk under. We really enjoy this zoo, as you can walk among the animals and get close to deer and kangaroo.As another person pointed out, the food completely sucks here. Terrible, greasy, and god awfully pricey. Pack a lunch!
5	My friend Catherine was in town for the weekend, and as we had a nice day, we thought the zoo should be our first stop.  I hadn't been to the zoo in a year or so, so I was ready for a visit too.  The zoo is built into the hillside in Highland Park and it takes full advantage of its setting.  The Tropical Forest is one of my favorite exhibits.  It simulates rainforests of the Amazon, Madagascar, etc.  Pittsburgh Zoo has an impressive collection of primates and this is the place to see them.  I'm also a big fan of the African Savannah.  The PPG Aquarium hosts aquatic species from every type of habitat imaginable.  Catherine liked The Water's Edge, which simulated a coastal fishing village and has two enormous underwater viewing tunnels and indoor and outdoor viewing windows.So we had a great afternoon at the zoo.  Catherine was impressed, saying it was as good as Chicago's zoos (Lincoln Park and Brookfield--I've been to both).  Yes, we did brown bag it here because the food isn't very good.
4	We went to the Zoo on Grandparents Day in September.  I've never seen so many old people in scooters.  Anyway....Pittsburgh has a very nice Zoo, as far as zoo's go.  I sorta have a problem with the whole animals in captivity thing, but so of the animals seemed pretty much at home in their environment.  I did feel sorry for the bears, who seemed marooned on their concrete side hill.By far the best part of our visit was the PPG aquarium.  We loved watching the peaceful fishes.  And the penguins were super cute.  One was even shaking his little bootie at the visitors.  The polar bears also have a great home here.  We waited in the under water tunnel for them, but they never showed up.  The sharks were a different story.  It was feeding time during our visit and we watched them fight for and devour live squid.  Oh, yeah.  I really like the Pittsburgh Zoo!
3	It's a small zoo in a nice setting, plenty of trees and a fair number of species to see. The best parts were the elephant and rhino enclosures which offer great views of these large animals. Some of the other enclosure seemed very small and it made me pity the animals a little.I was most disappointed with the tunnel in the aquarium. Although it did offer good views of some larger sharks, the tank itself was ugly - murky water and no coral or plant life at all. Just concrete, sharks, and water. Good for a family outing or short visit but I've seen much much better zoos.
5	This place is soooo much fun.  You can take just yourself or bring a huge crowd and you won't be dissatisfied.  The animals are beautiful and they have a great selection of animals from different locations around the world.  The aquarium is beautiful and you can even pet the sting rays!!  This place is very kid friendly.  Open year round with various hours.  Only closed on Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's.
5	as a resident of neighboring highland park, i have experienced the zoo in many different ways...there have been birthday parties, many years of zoo camp, learning to drive in the parking lot,  working there for two summers in high-school etc.while some aspects may be slightly out-dated, pittsburgh is lucky to have a zoo that has continually introduced new and updated animal environments. additionally, there are only six zoo's in the US with an adjoining aquarium, so that's also a huge plus.
4	I love going to zoos and have been going to this one for as long as I can remember. The lay out of the exhibits is a little poor - for example the big cats are so far away, you are lucky if you even get to see them. Pittsburgh Zoo could really take some pointers from the San Diego Zoo on this one... The kid's zone is great when you go with kids who really need to burn off some energy without getting in anyone elses way... The aquarium is also very nice - its small - but its nice and was re-done in the past 15 years or so...
5	This is a really great zoo, but the aquarium is AMAZING! If you walk in from the top you're greeted by this beautiful looking Australian seahorses that I could just stare at forever. Then you'll head in and see a variety of fish and the largest fish tank you've ever seen. Plus adorable penguins! The zoo part really is great as well. There always seems to be some baby animal, which is never a bad thing to look at! Just remember, bring your hiking boots. It's built on hills that Pittsburgh's famous for, so get ready to walk up and down some hills. Don't let that deter you because it is a really great place to visit!
5	So I didn't get a full look at the Zoo because I was often helping my friend run after her toddler son, but I enjoyed what I did see.Chasing after a speedy two-year-old is already a workout, but even more so with the Zoo's hilly terrain. I actually like the hills because they make the place seem very true to Pittsburgh.Sometimes zoos make me sad because the animals feel too shut-in; this is not the case at the Pittsburgh zoo. It seems like the animals have a generous amount of room, in a space that's a close approximation to their natural habitat. We even saw the zoo's male peacock out on the loose.There's a lot for kids to do here. For $2, you can purchase a Zoo Key, this orange plastic card, and a lot of the animal exhibits have a green box where you can insert the Zoo Key and a song or kid-oriented soundbyte will play. The play areas are pretty good, and there are some cool slides for the older kids. Both adults and kids can pet the snakes and other reptiles under the supervision of zoo staffers.Like the other reviewers, the aquarium might be my favorite part of the zoo. You can even play with a underwater robot cam developed by folks over at CMU, see a stingray up close, and of course, admire the penguins.  I don't know if I could go on a weekly basis like my tot friend, but this is definitely a place that's fun to come back to.
4	Overall, this is a great place to take kids.  The aquarium area is really nice.  Kids loved the sting ray tank where you can really get close to them and pet them.  The tank has tunnels under it so kids can actually get away from the parents and crawl to the back corner of the tank and come up in the middle of the tank (making it a big hit for kids).  This zoo also has a great outdoor kids area!  Cool slides (I wished I could try them myself!), climbing ropes (one is very huge and is actually a ladder going up a hill side which is a climbing device to the slides), tunnels, train, tram, merry-go-round, boats, and a suspended bridge!  The animals seem to have appropriate areas to move, which I find to be a problem at some zoos. On the down side, some of the outside parts of the zoo look dated or run down and the robotic diving exhibit was out of order in the aquarium area when we were there to visit.
3	After living in Pittsburgh for 5 years, I finally made a trip to the zoo today. Overall, it was a good trip. I loved the Zoo and seeing all of the animals out wandering around. My friend and I took her two boys, who had a blast. They particularly enjoyed the elephants and the monkeys. When we got to the aquarium, I was honestly a little surprised. I've read such rave reviews and heard such amazing things about it, I was disappointed. I was expecting something a little larger, perhaps a little more interactive. Compared to the New England Aquarium in Boston, this was something of a let down. I was looking forward to seeing the shark tank, but when we got to that part, there were only two sharks.The penguin habitat and the stingray area were both great! The penguins were playful. It was awesome to hear squeals of delight from all the kids in the room when they would dive into the water or swim right by at eye level. I have the impression that today seemed to be something of an off day, from my friend, who has been there before, and also from overhearing some comments of other patrons. I will definitely be giving the zoo another chance. One more thing, if you have little boys, buy a ticket for the train and take them. It's a short little ride, but so worth the joy they get from riding a "real" train!
4	Of the few Zoos I've had a chance to visit the one in Pittsburgh is the most enjoyable one thus far.  I've been at it for the Kidney Walk the past three years and even with the temperature in the 30's (in the AM) then in the 60's (in the PM) it is very nice.  Animals always seem to be in "good spirits" although sometimes I feel some of the feline cages are a tad small.The aquarium is STUNNING.  The seahorses at the very beginning and the penguins halfway through the tour are just absolutely beautiful and FUN to watch.  I always think of home like walking around the tropical fish slash tropical vegetation section that serves as the ramp between floors 2 and 1.  And the shark tank is both imposing and impressive.There's quite a bit of walking to do a this zoo, and much of it is on hilly territory so comfortable shoes are a must!  Still it is certainly worth the walk and the visit!!
5	What can I say...who doesn't love the zoo?  The zoo is always clean and staff is always curteous.  I always like to go early in the morning and beat the crowds.
5	I visited the Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium today with two young boys in tow. It's a great activity for my high energy boys, because they can stop for a minute or two to look at an animal while I try to interject something educational, and then they bolt away, running to the next exhibit. They had fun, and they were both asleep by 8 pm! The zoo currently has two+ adorable babies right now to show off, which was the focus of today's visit. First, we got an up-close peek at a baby orangutan, snuggling under his mother's arms. We were inches away, with only some glass separating us. Then in the indoor area near the Underwater viewing areas for the sharks and polar bears, there is a nursery set-up for a young sea otter that was rescued by fisherman and brought to our zoo to grow up. Again, we were only a couple of feet away, and not even glass separated us from him. They had a Zoo Docent standing there to answer my children's many, many questions about how the otter became stranded and how they're caring for him. This exhibit really engaged them, and they learned more about conservation and ecology in a few minutes than they'll probably learn in the next six years of elementary school. Kuddos to the zoo for having an informed docent standing by! There were also baby sea turtles on display in the windows to the left of the Aquarium's main entrance. I'm not a huge fan of the zoo's limited food menu so I fed my kids lunch immediately before we left, and got them ice cream as a treat halfway through our afternoon. We always carry water bottles with us and there are many water fountains with cold water to refill from. Kids Kingdom never disappoints with opportunities to pet animals, see them up-close, and with many zoo-themed playground items to play on. It was a great day!
4	I'm a zoo snob.  We hit the zoo in every city we visit.  This place was very clean and VERY well organized, but I found it a little smaller than I was expecting.  It's always a bit disappointing when the one animal you drove 400 miles to see (Leafy Sea Dragons) is "off-exhibit", but I understand the need to clean the tank every once in a while or whatever they were doing.  Still, would have been nice to have a list online or something so that I would have known that and we could have planned accordingly.As I said, the layout is great, a natural flow that takes you past everything, contrasted with some zoos which make you plan a multi-step route and back track for a mile.  This was far superior in that regard.
4	I like the Zoo so much, I regularly consider a membership. That's BIG for me.  Of course, I've never actually purchased a membership, so yeah...Anyway, what's not to love?  Nice layout, great animal selection (sounds like a steak house); all at a pretty fair admission price.  The food selections aren't bad either, though if you're going to a to focus on the food - well, you just shouldn't.  Wish list: Though in general the zoo is clean, the restrooms and glass in many of the indoor viewing areas (gorillas, sharks, etc.) are usually pretty gross. Not gross enough to keep me away, but just sayin'.  The zoo - and this one in particular - also makes for a great date or fun day with friends.  Remember, it's not just for the kiddies!  So, pack up your flask and go!
5	I can't believe I don't go here more often than I have. It had been several years since I've been here and I have now made it twice in the past month. The walk is pleasant and there is a wide variety of animals to see. The animals are not always active, but that is part of their nature. The zoo is well-kept with the exception of face smears that the kiddos leave on the glass. You may also see the peacocks roaming around the area. You can't miss the aquarium either. There are plenty of fish to see and a hands-on tank where you can touch some freshwater stingray. The bear exhibits, which are the oldest at the zoo, are being renovated. Don't be too disappointed - there's plenty more to see. Plan to spend at least 3 hours if you're visiting.
5	If you are a zoo person, you will love going here.  I myself am not the biggest zoo fan: it probably has to do with the fact that my mother would drag me here once every summer to see the same animals that we saw the year before, and she would always happen to pick the hottest day ever.  Not to mention, the zoo is big, and that is not appealing to lazy people like me.  I'll watch the discovery channel and Planet Earth to get my animal fill, but if you love to zoo check it out.  I have to admit the Aquarium is really something special.
4	We love the aquarium and zoo! This zoo is specifically set up so that you don't miss a thing! We drove from Cleveland to see the aquarium which is so much better than ours! Definitely recommend to anyone to come and enjoy!
5	I love this place hard*.So many good memories,Bring people you love!*komodo dragon? Yes!
4	Great time with the kids
4	Nice Aquarium, and nice programs. (Like feed the bears)
5	This is one of the places I practically grew up at - I'm from Pittsburgh, and animals were my passion as a little girl. The only place that truly competed for my affections as a child was the Carnegie Museum of Natural History. Because of this, I've also had a chance to watch the evolution of the zoo. While some people aren't 100% satisfied with the zoo's displayed collection of animals at the moment - especially in the aquarium and bear caves - I definitely think it's worth giving them some time and patience on the matter. No organization has unlimited funding, and only so much work can be supported at once; personally, after the amazing work they did with their African Wild Dogs (a favorite animal of mine), I'm perfectly willing to live without a few bears. Considering just how much the zoo has grown in terms of its collection - after all, the once relatively small aquarium and neighboring aquatic exhibits have changed drastically over the years - I definitely believe there's plenty to enjoy there now. Just imagine how much more there will be to enjoy in the future!My love for the Pittsburgh Zoo goes beyond viewing the beautiful animals it features - it also continues to earn my adoration and respect thanks to the work that it's doing; its breeding programs, sea turtle rescue and conservation efforts deserve a massive round of applause. In fact, the good work they do is exactly why I was so comfortable paying the extra money that it cost me to have several photos taken of me with one of their elephants during my last visit - $10 was definitely worth the beautiful photos and the chance to meet Victoria, the first baby elephant born at the zoo in 1999.Although the weather may not always cooperate, this place is always worth one's time and attention. Attendees are guaranteed to learn something about the natural world here, and you never know - you may get the chance to make friends with Victoria like I did!
2	$14 for adults.It's rare that there is a zoo/aquarium combo. Perhaps they would both be better if they were run separately. The monkey rooms (excuse me- the "Tropical Forest") seemed dirty and small. I felt so bad for those precious monkeys. Also, tons of kids (and adults) were acting like fools- slamming their hands on the glass to get the animal's attention or sticking their arms through the fences to pet one... doesn't seem smart. It also seems like more employees need to be walking around to squash that.The indoor area of the aquarium is tiny. One hallway made me claustrophobic like WOAH.All in all, a trip to the zoo is always fun- it just seems like this zoo has a lot of updating to do.
5	Visit the zoo during the winter, and when there is at least ten inches of snow on the ground?  Yes, I am crazy, and yes, I enjoyed it.  Granted, during the winter months you don't get to see all the animals out and parading around, but you do get to see how these animals interact with the cold weather/snow.I do have to say when you enter the zoo on a cold winter day it is a bit eerie.  Looking deserted at the beginning shouldn't deter you.  Continue on through towards the exhibits.We stopped at every exhibit that had an animal present and gawked in awe as if it were the first time we were there.  We visited each building that we could as well, the aquarium getting more time than most other places.  I mean who can argue that?  Of course we spent a majority of our time watching the penguins.  How fun is that, that you get to watch them zoom by you underwater and jump up and dive back down.  (Of course we laughed when one of the penguins pushed another into the water)  We also took time at the stingray pond.  Who can resist the curiosity to see what one feels like (or for that matter, to crawl through those tubes and see what they look like from underneath (yes, I know those tubes are for kids)).  Afterward we took our time with the rest of the zoo.One thing you should do, stop by and see the seal pup.  Go to the observation window on the lower side of the exhibit and find out just how curious of a pup it is.
5	I love this zoo and aquarium!
1	I have come to really not like our zoo.  For the cost there aren't enough animals to see.  Why don't we have a zebra??  How hard could they be to take care of?  They took the painted dogs away because as usual one persons dumb actions make everyone not get to enjoy the dogs.  A smarter and idea would have been to put plexiglass around the opening on the observation deck, but would be to easy or take to much brain power for the people who run the zoo.  We don't have that many impressive animals,  I will not go in and see the monkeys that is pointless and it stinks and then there are the roaches.  The aquarium isn't that great, nothing great in there.  For the amount they charge to get in, how much the food costs and the fact that the place that makes the good fries is only open when it is summer really makes you want to drive out of town to visit a zoo in OH. As for bears they are mostly gone, some brown bears and polar that are usually doing nothing.  Anyone on here saying the zoo is great is lying to you, like Matthew U.
3	If you're with some youngens that like to get close up with the animals, this zoo delivers.  Every animal (flamingos - awesome, elephants, giraffs, manta ray, lions, tigers and bears - oh my) are only a stones throw away from the viewing areas.  Unfortunately, I couldn't help but notice that it seemed so because the living areas are so small.  The animals have no where else to go.Here in NY, some of the exhibit areas in the Bronx Zoo are so large, you often can't spot the animals.  Not so nice for the kids but a little comforting to me.I felt most moved by the gorillas and orangutans.  Their indoor sanctuaries were so small and there didn't seem like many things to entertain themselves with.  Yes,  they're large rooms but would you stick your 5 year old child in that room for the rest of their lives?  I think not and that's the first thought that popped into my head when I saw a mother gorilla cradling her sleeping baby.I'm sure, by now, you've guessed I'm not the biggest fan of zoos in the first place.  Birds, fish, and rodents - sure.  But the large animals seemed to have so little.The aquarium is ok.  Compared to the amazing Monterey Bay Aquarium, it's just a cute little building.  I was surprised they even had one.  It needs a little freshening up as do the other indoor areas.I'm not going to completely get down on this place.  The babies had fun, the kids around us seemed pleased as punch as did most of the adults.  I got some awesome pictures and it all made for a pleasant day.
2	After doing a lot of the major zoos (DC, STL and San Diego) this one was a little bit of a let down.  Expensive to get in compared to DC and STL.  Adults were $14 and kids were $12.   You are pretty close to the animals.  The new polar bear exhibit I was expecting more.  One polar bear was there when we visited.   The aquarium was kinda cool and the kids liked touching the sting rays.  Would l visit again...probably not when I have so many other cool zoos around me that are so much better!  Oh and if you have a stroller plan that not all exhibits are stroller friendly and you have to walk a ton extra compared to those without strollers!
3	Meh. I caught myself trying to be an awesome mom this weekend when I took my kid to the zoo. I'll preface this review with the possibility that I am just not a zoo type of gal. I previously reviewed the Columbus zoo with jungle jack Hanna pretty harshly and that's supposed to be one of the best zoos in the country. Pros.... The zoo is not way outside the city, parking is free , what??????? Oh and they have icees. Admission was cheap enough and i considered buying a membership for 85 bucks, but first I wanted to see the zoo and if I would be interested in returning. Shame on me I chose to visit on Sunday so it was super packed with strollers and young children screaming, including my own. The zoo is small and very walkable, however they have theses trams that pass through on the already too narrow walkways. I believe that's a 2 dollar ride. I'd say the aquarium is the best part of the zoo, because its new and we were there at feeding time to watch the keepers feed the sea anemones . The zoo food was terrible. I had a hot sausage sandwich that was bland and sad. And the food court wasnt large enough to support the crowd. The play ground is essentially a few slides and cargo nets .
3	This is an OK little zoo - we've been members for a few years now, and even though we don't come as often as we used to, we still enjoy bringing our little one so she can enjoy the animals.I think the zoo will definitely benefit from the upcoming changes to the bear exhibits, which are pretty out of date. I have never seen these bears do anything but lie with their faces away from the crowds - they just look bored. Perhaps a new enclosure with more activities for them will facilitate more interaction.The aquarium is great, and the tiger and elephant outdoor exhibits are nice. The indoor elephant exhibit could use some better ventilation. Their primate exhibit could also use a little work, since it's really quite cramped and the odor of gorilla excrement is a bit overwhelming, especially on hot days. We typically skip this part entirely.All that said, it's an OK place once or twice a year for a change...
2	Worst zoo I have been to. Not a good zoo if you have a big stroller. There were hills upon hills and it was way more exhausting than fun. There were doors in the kids exhibit that i could barely get my stroller through. The playground was awful. Like some tunnels and nets. Security was super nice and helpful though. I had left my headlights on and they notified me :)
1	An average of 4 stars??!!??  This zoo was below average at best.  A total of 15 animal exhibits (not counting the smelly monkey house) and most of those exhibits had but one specimen.  Given all the old money and philanthropic history of Pittsburgh, I was expecting far, far better.  A nice setting on the side of a hill with lots of old trees for shade, but dirty and run down.  Fort Worth TX, a town of comparable size to Pittsburgh, has a much, much bigger, nicer zoo with animals in open, natural areas.  Brownsville TX, a much less populated and less wealthy area than Pittsburgh, has the Gladys Porter Zoo, one of the best in the entire country.  Lots of animals with multiple specimens so you can observe them interact in large, open, natural areas.  The PPG Aquarium was OK, but again, the zoo was dirty, not very well maintained and sparsely populated.  It's a shame that the youth and children of Pittsburgh don't have a much better place to learn about and observe the many animals of our world.
5	One of the best zoo! Has so many different animals and is well maintained! One of my favorite places to go in the summer and fall! The new red panda is so adorable!! I hope the zoo can only improve, it truly is a gift to the city of Pittsburgh! Love love love it! I could go everyday!!!
4	Whoopie!  I stumbled upon this curious little menagerie last Sunday as I was meandering around in Highland Park.  I've been attempting to learn more about muggle transportation, but I must say the pittsburgh bus system is a bit poxy, and I found myself completely befuddled as to my whereabouts.  I was trying to find a nice quiet spot where I could Apparate when I stumbled into this place.  Leopards, elephants, bears, a a variety of primates, a lovely aquarium... I found the informational cards to be intriguing sources of muggle knowledge, although many of them were rather blinkered.  For example, although they had a quite top exhibit discussing the foot morphology and distal cushion of an elephant's foot, they seemed completely unaware of these animals' unparalleled talent for legilimency.  But I am being a bit of a nitpick.  Overall, a jolly good time.Oh and I also discovered dippin' dots!  Very curious muggle treat, apparently made from ice cream, and yet it comes in little bits?  And they do it without magic!
4	Ah, the memories from elementary school field trips and summers with the family.While I've grown bigger and the zoo seems to have grown smaller (why did everything always seem so big back then!?), the Pittsburgh Zoo is still a great destination that serves all ages.  Whether you have a family or prefer to participate in one of their adult-only events (Zoo Brew, Summer Safari), the zoo has something for everyone.  If the zoo could be more consistent with having exhibits occupied by some furry friends and could keep up on the upkeep (the escalator loves to break down), our relatively small zoo would pack large punches with the best of them.
4	Photographers, do not miss:* The underwater tunnel below the polar bear pool.  Not only is it air conditioned, but you may be lucky enough to witness the bears' graceful dives, skillful fish-catching, clumsy water polo, and other adorable shenanigans! You might have to stake it out a bit, as the bears spend only 10% of their day underwater. But the sight is well worth the wait. (On a blazing hot July afternoon, we spent an hour there and saw a bear swim three times).* The rare and striking Amur leopard. There are just a couple dozen of these left in the wild. So it's a special treat to see one in the flesh. When we stopped by, the leopard was right next to the glass, yawning at delighted toddlers just a few inches away. * The elephant/giraffe savanna, where you can snap interspecies portraits of the world's largest land mammals next to the world's tallest land mammals. The contrasts are striking: gray vs. yellow, fat vs. thin, etc. The baby elephant is adorable too, especially when the ears go flapping.* The fast-moving shark tanks. You can snap a terrifying pic that makes you and your friends look like the stars/victims of Sharknado.* The jellyfish tanks. The aquarium lights rotate through a dazzling array of neon colors. Put Pink Floyd on your iPod and it's just like a 1980s laser spectacular.
2	After visiting the Pittsburgh zoo I can claim, not impressed. High amount of disrepair. Missing animals in exhibits, or just not at this zoo at all. Nice aquatic display. Walking in tube through water side by side to a shark was cool. Nice walk tour around grounds. Friendly knowledgeable staff... Zoo definitely needs improvements.  One can see they are trying, but more needs done at faster pace.
4	I have a love/hate relationship with any zoo. I love to see the animals but hate to see them cooped up or think of them spending their entire lives jailed out of their habitat in such an unnatural environment. Like really now, Pittsburgh is more of a natural setting for defunct steel mills and ticky tacky little boxy houses on the hillsides than it could ever be home to gorillas, lions, zebras, polar bears and the like. However, zoos do offer to most people the only opportunity they will ever have to see such wildlife and for much of the wildlife, their only opportunity to avoid extinction. As far as zoos go, the Pittsburgh zoo is small but pretty darn good considering its location in a four season chilly Pennsylvania environment. You get a real close up view of all of the animals and I must say that they all do appear to be very well cared for. Pittsburgh Zoo is really a great place to bring kids for a day of educational fun. What makes this zoo area stand out is that it is combined with an aquarium that really is a marvel. To me, the highlights are the polar bear tunnel where you can see a polar bear taking a swim, the sting ray area, and the jellyfish tank. You can actually get a chance to touch the sting rays. The staff is great and often out holding animals allowing you to touch or pet them and better yet, if you ask a question, you'll find out that they really are knowledgeable as well as informative.
4	This is a nice, clean zoo. The aquarium is my favorite part. The penguins are adorable. If you're looking for a zoo, you found one. Simple as that.
5	One of the best zoo setups I've ever seen. The zoo is setup as a perfect loop so you don't have to select a path and then go down another route late. It's a giant circle which means you never miss an animal!
4	I hadn't been to any kind of zoo for several years, but have always enjoyed the opportunity to see animals up close that you otherwise would never have the chance of seeing. We were in the area and thought it would be fun since they have the zoo and aquarium all in one location. Our little boy isn't old enough to appreciate the zoo yet, but it was still an enjoyable time with family. Some of the animal exhibits were tough to get a good look due to the amount of children, which is to be expected, but some parents don't know how to control their kids and get them to move out of the way after viewing the animal for a long period of time. But you just get to learn who those people are and either go slower or faster than they do.The zoo goes in a complete circle, so you don't have to worry about missing anything since the path really takes you by everything, thought there are some times where you can skip over stuff if you want. The only downside was that the zoo was undergoing a facelift so some animals were not available, like a few species of bears, the cheetah, and the giraffe was back where it couldn't really be viewed. You did get a few different viewing spots for many of the animals like the Rhino and the elephants.The aquarium offered many different species of fish including sharks and piranahs. It also has an underground tunnel that you can walk through and have sharks swim over the top of you.There are a few different spots where you can stop for food with burgers and hot dogs.There is also a section with slides and net climbing for children up to 8 years old.We spent the better part of 4 hours walking around the zoo/aquarium and stopping for lunch and numerous pictures.I enjoyed my experience here.
3	I have been to much nicer zoos. This one is very warn down. Even the parking lot had grass growing out of it and looked like it was abandoned. Seems they are making room for new animals and it says they are also upgrading for old. No bears at the moment. There is a sign that says they are working on making a better habitat for them. I did like the aquarium and the fruit bat room inside the aquarium. And everything went in mostly one big loop. Philly's Zoo was harder to navigate because there were too many trails.Many of the Animals looked bored. The tiger didn't do much but walk back and forth. He looked like he was in a prison. Nothing there to keep him happy. Feeding time at the seal pool was very entertaining.
4	The Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium is perfect for those of all ages!  I try to go at least 2-3 times per year-it is open every day of the year except for Christmas. Going is the winter is just as much fun as the summer as the animals are usually out and about and it is not as crowded. It takes about 2 hours to walk around to see all of the animals.  There are plenty of spots to take a break and grab some food.  My favorite exhibit is the elephant house and they usually have a baby or two.  The newly added polar bear exhibit is a must see and those two brothers can entertain you for hours! For those 21+ they offer a Zoobrew event where after the zoo closes they host a beer tasting event with food and live music.  This is typically held each fall in September but they recently added one in the spring (May).  The tickets are a little pricey at $60 but you do get plenty of beer and food to sample for 3.5 hours.
1	This is one of the worst zoos/aquariums I've ever been to, of the dozens I've visited throughout the United States and Europe. The exhibits are tiny, and watching those animals suffer is just awful.  I will never waste a penny at this place and am glad I got in for free this time.
3	I recently visited the zoo with my boyfriend and our daughter who is 3.My last visit there was over 10 years ago and I remembered it fondly as a child. Umm, I don't think that they've done a thing to the place since I was little!I'm sorry, but it's looking pretty run down. The variety of animals is great and I love that it's super easy to navigate - you just keep walking. My daughter enjoyed seeing all of the animals but when it came time to see the elephants up close and personal, we were shooed away after waiting in line. Maybe the elephants were done being touched? I don't know.The best part is the aquarium. It's smaller than some of the other ones that I've visited but we could have spent hours in there. It's beautiful and relaxing. There are so many different kinds of fish to watch swimming around.I don't know how the food or drinks are or even their prices. I came into the zoo prepared because I know those things are typically pretty expensive. The restroom I visited in the aquarium was clean though so +1 for that!I remember loving the snake pavilion when I was younger but we couldn't find it. Is that gone forever or did we totally miss it???
5	Disclaimer: We do not have a season membership, but we do enjoy free admission as a result of her age (children under 2 are free) and the fact that all military personnel are admitted for free (thank you Pittsburgh Zoo and PPG Aquarium). I think I would still give a five star recommendation even if we had to pay full price.My daughter and I go to the zoo approximately once a month. We started going around the age of 6 months and admittedly, she probably had no idea where we were located. However, she first showed signs of interest this past Spring in the aquarium. She would "ooohhh" and giggle when she saw the Penguins march on Saturday mornings or press her face up against the two story tank. That being said, she still spent most of the time simply watching the other children.Now that she is 14 mos., she spends a lot of time taking in the large animals such as the polar bears, gorillas, giraffes, rhinoceros and elephants! It is a super fun activity to change up our weekend routines and it is fun to watch her watch the animals. The Zoo staff are kind and very professional and we have never had a negative experience.
4	The zoo is really nice with many exhibits. The aquarium is kinda small, but it isn't the main attraction in the park. My family loved this place!
5	I recently took my son to the Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium, his last hooray before school started. I was pleasantly surprised to be admitted Free with my Military ID. I thank you Pittsburgh Zoo, that is very kind and considerate. It truly made me fill special. Thank you again.
4	I have lived in Pittsburgh for almost six years, and somehow never visited this zoo until a few weeks ago. My company was a sponsor for a fundraiser held here after-hours on a Sunday evening, and I attended with several other co-workers.I was actually very impressed. The zoo was much larger than I had expected. After we we had finished our volunteering shift, we took some time to explore. I liked that the zoo was very easy to navigate and basically you just follow the path--it was easy to make sure that we didn't miss any of the exhibits. The aquarium was great as well, and also had a decent number of exhibits. It seemed like there were plenty of amenities and places to grab a bite to eat. It would be nice to go back during normal hours (we were a little rushed since the event was going to end soon). Overall a good experience and one worth checking out!
4	Me and the hubby decided to trek to the zoo. We had not been there in a few years. It was a warm and muggy morning and early afternoon but that didn't bother us. I think it kept the crowd down a bit which is always a bonus. I love the zoo and aquarium. They do a tremendous job with upkeep and new additions making it a beautiful zoo. All the cats were out and up close today (except the lions). I was surprised to see that at 1030 they offer an elephant meet and greet. They charge $10 for two pictures with an elephant (today it was Victoria) and you get to pet her. What an awesome experience! What a beautiful, amazing, majestic creature:) ! They made a new area to feature cheetahs and you get a close up of the giraffes and zebras now too. We pursued the monkey house and ventured into the aquarium which is splendid. What colorful fish there are in this world. Kids Kingdom is wonderfully done as well and includes sliding boards and such for the kiddies. The Discovery Pavilion houses stinky bats and reptiles and there is a petting zoo area as well. Oh and don't forget the polar bears (who weren't out when we were there) and the cute sea otters. The zoo and aquarium has made great strides to become amazing (I remember my first grade field trip there) and I love that they continue to improve and grow. The only thing missing a hippo:). I love our zoo but it lacks the 5 stars that say The Memphis Zoo would get. The zoo here is a lot of walking but not a lot of stairs but do be prepared for some hills. But the animals and habitats are amazing and our zoo has come a long way!
4	I thought the zoo and aquarium were really good. I've been to the National Zoo in DC and the San Diego Zoo and they are pretty close to those...maybe not in terms of the number of animals...but the quality of the zoo.You could get closer to the animals than most zoos I've been too, which is nice. The aquarium is awesome...providing you with some awesome sea-life views!The only thing that would be nice is more personal touches about the animals in the zoo. For example...rather than just describing elephants and their backgrounds, I want to know about the particular elephant I'm looking at. How old? Where from? Anything interesting about him/her?I was worried that it wouldn't be worth the admission cost, but I think it definitely was!Visited October 2014
4	I took Bobby here last weekend for his birthday and we had a great time!The zoo has a big (free!) parking lot, and is overall a very clean and beautiful zoo. We liked how it sort of even felt like we were back in the woods at times. Very natural and pretty!The prices were reasonable and the zoo was of decent size -- the aquarium is even included in the cost, which is great. We were able to see Bobby's favorite (the penguins!) but the inside of the aquarium was definitely really crowded and overtaken by copious amounts of strollers, making it near impossible to walk forward.We were able to see my favorite, too (the giraffes!) but it was actually sort of funny because the male giraffe was feeling....errrr.....amorous and the female giraffe was definitely not having it. This is probably too much information, but I digress.Overall, we had a great time but we were super bummed that the otters were not out that day! Hopefully next time! We will definitely be back in December or January for the penguin walk.
5	Bobby & I decided to head to the zoo on Sunday. I checked the weather forecast and it was supposed to be a beautiful October day so I was excited! My friend informed me early in the week that it was the last weekend for Zoo Boo, so I was kind of nervous for the crowd. Luckily Zoo Boo didn't start until 11 so we made sure to get there about 945-10 for a good head start.I haven't been to this zoo in almost 6 years and since Bobby is from Florida, he has never been there. We honestly had such an amazing time! As predicted, we beat the crowd and got to fully experience all of the animals and exhibits. Every animal was absolutely breathtaking to watch! At one point, I told Bobby how I feel sad that these animals are in captivity.. not even 5 minutes later we walked to the polar bear exhibit which informed us that at one point there were 2,000 polar bears and now there are less than 300. Bobby explained that it's good that the polar bears are here. They can reproduce and help their own population. My favorite was the red panda! Wow he(she?) was so adorable!! Another favorite was the Tropical Forest exhibit where the monkeys are located. They were all so cute and interesting. One monkey only had one arm but he was getting around just fine! We spotted a baby orangutan who was given cardboard boxes and had a blast playing with them. He entertained us for a good 15 minutes (& that's a long time to watch one animal at the zoo lol) I also thought the reptile house was interesting. The building however is not very clear on what it is. We almost skipped it before asking a zoo worker. I thought it was a building for a cafe or something of that nature.. Oh, another cool thing would be the kangaroos. You can walk on a path and get really close to them. The zoo keeper handling the kangaroos was really informative. The kangaroos were laying down and she explained that they are most active in morning and evening.. during the day they just save their energy and keep cool by laying around. She suggested that next time we get there early and head straight to the kangaroos.. They may walk up to you while you're on the path!! Of course the aquarium is beautiful as well. The polar bears werent in the water, so the tunnel wasn't fun without them swimming around :( oh well, maybe next time. It was entertaining to watch them play outside of the water as well. Clearly we had an amazing time! The look on Bobby's face was like a kid on Christmas and i'm sure mine was as well. We will have to make this visit more often.. like 2-4 times a year. Why not!! :) Oh, by the way, a family pass (2 adults in a household and their children under 18) is $95/year. That is an AMAZING deal!
