4	Being a northerner, it is difficult to find great authentic Italian food or good for that matter.  Libretto's does not disappoint.From the many times I have gone there, either with friends of family, the food has been great. However, the delivery service is mediocre. One night when working late we ordered food for eight people, and food for seven showed up with one being wrong and one left off the delivery but we were charged for all eight. When we complained, the problem was resolved BUT the final one of the sub's came on burnt bread. Was that retaliation? I recommend you Dine in!
4	Best pizza in Charlotte!NFL playoffs is the perfect excuse for pizza delivery, and whenever my husband and I give into our pizza craving it doesn't take long before we call Libretto's.  It is by far the best pizza in Charlotte and we were thrilled when we found their Ballantyne location.  We have eaten Libretto's pizza many times and we are never disappointed!That being said,  I have to rate the restaurant itself a 4/5 is because while the pizza is unbeatable, the rest of the menu doesn't offer anything to write home about. My husband and I were both disappointed after testing out a few pasta dishes and salads. So make Libretto's your go-to pizza place, but don't assume it can meet all your Italian dish needs.
4	Ate here on Friday night... it was pretty packed but we only waiting a couple of minutes for a table to clear up.  The hostess seemed new, in that she looked a little lost and kept assuring us that a table was getting ready for us.  There were at least 3 times where she came up to us and we thought the table was ready so we had a stand-up/sit down session going on.  At least we burned some extra calories before the meal doing that.Once we got seated, our server greeted us warmly and we ordered drinks.  I split a roasted red beet salad with my mom and we all shared a 18" Large New Yorker - mostly meats and cheeses with onions and colored peppers.  Everything was delicious.  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying their pasta.
2	I haven't had many good experiences here.  I think the manager is hotheaded and cocky.  They seem to be there to socialize than to serve people.  They never have the pizza labeled in the case and they act as if I'm an idiot if I ask them what kind it is.  There have been multiple times I've been there and there are plenty of other places to choose for pizza or Italian specialties.  My advice people go elsewhere!
2	Food is decent but not the best in Charlotte. Went with friends on Saturday night and it was so noisy I could barely hear my friends talking to me ACROSS THE TABLE. The bar area was worse than the dining room. Lots of families go with their children.I suggest going during the week.  There are better Italian places in our fair city with a lot less noise and confusion. That being said the foodis OK.
5	Like their Uptown spot the pizza slices here are just awesome!  I def reccommend just ordering slices and having them heat them up there to eat because it ends up tasting better than when you do it yourself at home.   They also have some really great salads that are perfect for sharing, and even better they split them up for you and the portion sizes are big.  The service can be hit or miss depending on when you come in, but for really great NY style pizza I will overlook that in order to indulge myself!
4	If you are what you eat......then I am a LARGE Pizza Pie!I had to give these guys a try, so in order to do this right I stopped by, looked around and placed a take-out order,  A slice of cheese, and a slice of pepperoni. Now, let's get this straight, Tony's is hands down (IMO) the best pizza in Ballantyne, and having read good reviews from fellow Yelper's Libretto's Pizzeria was bound to get my attention.  The building is unique in its present design layout, and why I mention this is that you cannot use the back door as an entrance.  I had to walk all the way around the building, to enter the establishment.  This has a nice outdoor patio, but very few seating arrangements in the bar / front dining area.  The back area, ie the main dining area is nice in that it is a little more formal, located behind the wine racks with white linens on the tables.After getting home, I tried the pizza, it was good, the crust was edible and not dried out like stale bread, and this warrants the opportunity of ordering a fresh large pizza, so that I may share with others.  Based on the reviews of other Yelper's,  I may just stick with the pizza, but as I see it, I eat enough pizza to to keep Libretto's and Tony's Pizza in business.NCFoodGuy
4	I have only eaten here one time - at lunch with a co-worker.  I ordered a calzone, which was really huge.  A little more sauce on the side would have been nice because there was so much dough screaming for it. It was super cheesy and really a bit decadent for me. Next time, I will go with a slice and a salad.I also stopped in last night around 9 or 9:30  to have a few beverages with friends on the patio.  The live music, laid-back atmosphere and friendly folks make it a great place to socialize.  I went inside once or twice, and the pizza smelled amazing.  I'll be back soon to have some!
2	We visited Libretto's Pizzeria in Ballantyne last night, after a torrential downpour. It was relatively empty even though it was a Saturday night, due to the weather.The restaurant is smaller than it looked like it would be from the outside. It has faux brick walls and rustic wrought iron accents. There are at least 5 large televisions in the relatively small bar area. We opted to sit at the bar, as the hostess informed us the back dining room was a little loud.Service was unimpressive. After 5-10 minutes of waiting, we caught a waiter's eye. He came over and asked us if we'd been helped. When we said no, he seemed taken aback, but decided to take our food and drink orders anyway, and he was our waiter for the night. When I ordered Miller Lite, assuming I'd get draft since it was clearly on the tap, I was surprised to receive it in a bottle. He explained that it was on special in the bottle, which was great. Just wish he'd mentioned that earlier.When my husband needed a drink refill, our waiter was either nowhere to be found or actively ignoring us. (He had perfected the "ignore everything but what's directly in my line of sight" walk throughout the restaurant.) Someone who appeared to be a manager paced all around us, but his eyes were so glued to the Panther's game on the television that there was no way to get his attention without shouting at him or physically going up to him. After waiting so long for a refill that he had almost finished his meal, my husband finally decided to go directly to the bar for his refill. When the bartender informed our waiter, he didn't seem terribly pleased with us, but it was a relatively empty restaurant, and trying to flag down someone - anyone - for ten minutes for a refill was unacceptable.The pizza (San Gennaro) was good, but didn't stand out. We ordered a Medium which was ample sized for 2. The Bruschetta "3 ways"? Not so good. The classic tomatoes/onions bruschetta topping had pale tomatoes. Not a sin in December, but it's August. The olive tapenade was good, but the bean puree was underseasoned and bland. We had a nice evening out at Libretto's, but the food was pretty forgettable and the service was sub-par. I'm pretty sure we won't be back. There are too many other good pizza options in this area of Charlotte.
4	Came in for a nice Sunday dinner with the fam and we had some good food! I didn't get any of the Pizza by the slice but God it looked good! I ended up getting the Eggplant Parm and it was great, it was pretty large and sat on top of spaghetti- It hit the spot! This location seems to get really busy and they definitely cater to everyone. The menu offers a little bit of everything. i will definitely be back to try some pizza!
4	Mmmm!I lovelovelove the spinach calzone. Their sauce (for dipping) is also really tasty. Pizza is really good, too. Tends to be very crowded, so we do take-out mostly.
4	FInding great pizza is impossible outside my hometown of Chicago (Deep Dish) and pizza from NY/NJ. However, this place gets it fairly close. I love the fact you can just get a slice anyway you want it. My personal favorite is the Chicken Parm pizza slice.  It's good thin crust. The garlic bread is okay, needs more garlic. Service is good, not great, but it's a pizza joint.  I know it's in the middle of Ballantyne and the residents near there are used to a more posh type experience, but hey like I said it's a pizza joint. If you want great service go to Ruth's Chris. Great location, good selection of beers. If going to have pizza, this place is on the short list.
2	Called in a to go order and the guy that answered the phone acted as if he just started. Every question I asked him he had to put me on hold to go ask someone and lastly he was acting like I was bothering him for calling. Bad svc!
5	The buffalo chicken pizza here has become a tradition in our Ballantyne Corporate Park office- it is incredible! The people are nice, the pizzas are fast, and the pies are tasty and generously sized. I'm a fan and I'm hoping to soon be unshackled from my desk and actually sit down in the restaurant and try some beers! Until then, the to-go service continures to rock Pizza Friday.
5	The best pizza shop in charlotte and excellent management, we love "Doc".Chopped Sicilian salad is delish!  It isn't true New York or Brooklyn style pizza but close.
4	Finally after years of patronizing the uptown Libretto's, I got a chance to try the Ballantyne location which is much closer to my house.  They have a special on Mondays which is a large 18" cheese pizza and garlic knots for $10.95.  I called in the order, went and picked it up and it was fresh and hot.  I was worried that this location would not be as good as the uptown location, but the pizza tastes exactly the same - and that's a very good thing.  After trying just about every alleged NYC pizza place in the Charlotte area, there are few that are worth my time and money.  Even amongst the best ones (Junior's, Lorenzo's, Palone's, Da Vincis', and Luigi's), Libretto's trumps them all.  None of the other places can boast the fact that they actually started in New York City.  I'm 25% Italian, my ancestors came through Eliis Island, I lived in NY state for a while, and I've been to NYC twice, so I know good pizza :)  Libretto's is it - hands down :)  The Ballantyne space is a little larger than the Epicentre location but what I was really surprised to see was that they were open until 2am most nights of the week.  That is hard to find in Charlotte. They also had the obligatory slices on display for purchase which all looked so good.The only thing I would ding them for here is that the special only came with 3 garlic knots.  I'm not complaining too much because even the pizza at $10.95 with plenty of cheese is a good deal in itself.  But knots are relatively cheap and I would have been happier with 6.  If you've been on the hunt for a good pie in Charlotte, I can now safely say that either Libretto's location will do the trick.  Good flavor (and they do not doctor it up by adding oregano), good cheese and plenty of it, and a nice thin but not too thin crust.
4	Soon after arriving in Charlotte I dined at Libretto's Pizzeria & Italian Kitchen for lunch with a family friend who works in a similar field. There are two area Libretto's: this one is in Ballantyne and the second one is uptown at the EpiCentre. Additionally, there is a NYC location and a fourth location in Jacksonville, Florida.Libretto's serves a full Italian menu with specialty pizzas, salads, soups, traditional entrees and pastas as well as heros, wings, calzones and desserts. For lunch there are some great specials including the eggplant parm special that I tried. To start, we shared some of the delicious, buttery, garlic knots served with tomato sauce for dipping. These are truly worth the carbs and were great with the salad that comes with the lunch special (salad not pictured). The eggplant parmesan includes choice of pasta with sauce and it's a huge portion! I took half home for later. The dish itself was quite pleasing, with a well-balanced tomato sauce, lots of cheese and plenty of eggplant goodness. The pasta was also tasty with that same great tomato sauce.I had one odd thing happen when I went to the restroom - I won't go into great detail but let's just say that the restroom needed some real attention! I mention this mainly because as soon as I told our waiter about the problem we noticed that the staff shut down the restroom for cleaning - a good sign that they actually checked out the issue when I brought it to their attention. Service was actually quite good overall, which is always welcome.I really enjoyed my visit to Libretto's and I look forward to trying them out again soon for another lunch or for dinner. They are also prepared for folks who want takeout also as you can order pizza near the door and take it to-go. I will be back!
4	Great pizza at a great price.  I would argue that it's among the best in the Ballantyne area.
3	Being the huge pizza fan that I am...it's really so sad for me to say that this pizza is just ok in my book. They had a great first impression! When I walked in I did like the huge variety of available slices...they had cheese, pepperoni, meat lovers, and Chicken Parmesan just to name a few... I opted for a slice of the Margherita and it was topped with fresh basil...which was super yummy...Now I was not disappointed with the toppings the fresh mozzarella and crushed tomatoes were delicious...However, in my opinion, the crust is the best part of NY style pizza...and to me this crust just turned out ok...it was not as thin and crispy as I usually like...or maybe I just had a bad batch...who knows! But since they do have daily specials and lunch specials which seemed very reasonable, a good variety on the menu and a nice atmosphere with some tvs, bar stools ... I am sure I will be back...I have to give it one more try!
4	I am recently relocated from NJ to Fort Mill.  My wife and I tried Libretto's based on previous reviews on Yelp. On our first trip 2 days ago I ordered a Brooklyn Pizza as an appetizer along with eggplant rollatini.The pizza was very good, similar to pizza we have eaten in NY. I would have liked the crust a little crunchier but nothing that another couple of minutes in the oven couldn't fix. The eggplant rollatini appetizer was very tasty, i just didn't care for the skin on it.For a main course I ordered fettucine alfredo with a side of meatballs and my wife ordered linguine in clam sauce. All I can say is both dishes were off the chart delicious. The fettucine cooked perfectly with the alfredo sauce had wonderful flavor and wasn't as heavy as some I've had before. The meatballs, big and tasty, were very close to the ones I make myself from my mothers recipe. As for my wifes meal she said the clams were fresh and the pasta was cooked perfectly.We will certainly be back to try more items on the menu.
3	Bar service...great. Food...better than average. To-go counter service...TERRIBLE. You would think an empty restaurant on Labor Day would be excited to see a to-go order walk through the door. Alas, you are incorrect, because the to-go counter will only treat you with sarcasm, disrespect, and a general "I don't have time for you" attitude. Despite living less than 1/2 a mile away, most likely will not return due to the poor service from the to-go counter "waitress". Such a shame as we were hoping to support a local chain. Oh, well.
1	Spaghetti and meatball is awful here, watered down and it's not like the price is great for this quality either. I've had their pizza and it's ok but spaghetti was a fail.
5	I can really only speak for their specialty pizzas, having grown up enjoying some of the best pizza NYC has to offer, I can say that Librettos is among the finest I ever had.  Truly, their Margharita, Chicken Parm, & ala Vodka pizzas are amazing.  Whenever my kids want pizza, they insist on Librettos and they are not wrong.  Best in Charlotte, maybe best of anywhere.  Both locations are stellar.  I just wish they delivered a little further out... I'd be happy to pay a delivery charge.
4	Charlotte's got a lot of great pizza places, but for my money, Libretto's is near the top. The pizza's about as authentic, NY-style as it gets, the pasta dishes are wonderful, and the garlic knots out of this world. Kid-friendly atmosphere and a convenient Ballantyne location make Libretto's a must.
3	My wife and I went to dinner with another couple.we had a reservation and were seated promptly. The waiter came quickly and was followed by a young lady trainee. The drinks came fine it once the entrees arrived we had never received our bread. Once we asked for the bread they apologized and TEN minutes later it arrived. That aside, the pizza, manicotti and lasagne were very good. Other than a little service hiccup this was a good spot.
3	My wife and I went to dinner with another couple.we had a reservation and were seated promptly. The waiter came quickly and was followed by a young lady trainee. The drinks came fine it once the entrees arrived we had never received our bread. Once we asked for the bread they apologized and TEN minutes later it arrived. That aside, the pizza, manicotti and lasagne were very good. Other than a little service hiccup this was a good spot.
2	Brought my visiting dad here to experience NY style pizza in NC. I pre-placed the order and went to the to-go counter to pick it up. From the jump the guy at the counter had an unpleasant attitude. I never expect a big production, but a hello and thank you always suffice, but that didn't happen. Upon paying he walked off without giving us a receipt, in which we had to signal to the pizza makers for help. They called the guy back, who then printed out the receipt, placed it on the box and walked off.  C'mon, even Pizza Hut knows better than this. No doubt, the pizza is good here, but the service....not so much! Sadly, Libretto's has moved to my 'Won't Be Back' list.
1	I have spent a lot of money in the uptown location and the Ballantyne location.  We would often have several people go to the one uptown and get pizzas and beer before a game.  When they opened the Ballantyne location, I began patronizing that one as well.  They had a good deal on Mondays for a large cheese pizza and garlic knots that we often ordered.  I called to order it this week with toppings added as usual and they told me the special was just for cheese; if I wanted any additional toppings I would have to pay full price for the pizza.  I explained to them that we ordered this often, and they said the owner changed it to this.  Besides the fact that any other pizza place lets you add toppings to a special for the price of the toppings, I do not want to support a business that is that cheap.  It makes me wonder where else they may be trying to cut corners, and based on previous reviews of poor customer service, they may not be doing too well.  Sorry, Libretto's.  You lost a loyal customer who turned many others onto your pizza.  I'd rather support a franchise than this business now.  My pizza dollars will be spent elsewhere.
3	Being from Chicago, it's HARD to find GOOD PIZZA in my books however I can definitely DIG the pizza at Libretto's. My husband is a NYC native and while in the EpicCenter we were so hungry we went into the Liberto's there and grabbed a slice. I wasn't impressed, my daughter wasn't either (we are both Chicago Natives). My husband insisted that it was because the pizza had to be heated and if we sat down in the restaurant and ordered pizza that it probably would taste better. We were staying in Camden Ballantyne in corporate housing while our home was being built and once evening when I refused to cook my husband said let's walk over to Libretto's as he was adamant on making sure we TRULY taste the pizza there because it's made NY style and he wanted to feel like he was back home in NY..I must admit the pizza was tasty to be so THIN, being from Chicago I need some type of thickness to my pizza however the flavors were all there so I won't deny this place that fact.I say it's OK because I can eat it without complaining to much because of the flavor. I would recommend people to definitely give them a try. If you like thin crust, NY style pizza you are in for a treat. However if you like Chicago style pizza you will be disappointed however if you just like FLAVORFUL pizza then you are going to the right place. I say this according to our ingredients we get on our pizza:Spinach, Garlic, Onion, MushroomsOther Tasty items we tried using our coupon book:Garlic knots, Shrimp Scampi (a tad bit bland but it will do with a coupon ;-)Where they lack:SERVICE, they have some very unattentative staff and rude staff as well. I don't LOVE this place so I don't give them business often however the couple times I have I didn't have a great service related experience.
4	Went in last night for the Yelp Event and was very pleased. Food was great, service was pleasant, and we had an overall good experience. Loved the outside patio too! Ballantyne is a little far for me but I'd definitely go again if I was in the area.
2	Really bad pizza...  I am giving them 1 star for the the online ordering and delivery.  I'm giving a 2nd star since it seems from the other reviews that their other food might be better than pizza?At any rate, I ordered the Brooklyn pizza (cheese only).  I incorrectly assumed it would be a thin foldable crust.  If it was good pizza, I wouldn't care if it was NY style.  I was open and hungry. However, it was a square, thick and soggy pizza with very strange cheese or cheese application. I really wish I had my phone with me so that I could take a picture.  I knew right from the get that it was not going to be good - just by looking at it.  No taste.  Weird cheese. Disappointing crust. Sauce was fine.I forced three pieces down because I am stuck in a hotel room with no other options.  I'm actually kind of pissed I spent $20 plus $5 tip for totally crappy pizza.
3	Another pizza joint that I wanted to love and another meh.  I have upgraded from a Meh to an A-OK out of charity.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was WOW either.On my continued quest to find a white pizza that I love, I decided to try Libretto's after attending a Yelp Elite event that I didn't eat at because I arrived late, after already eating.  Everyone there had nothing but good things to say about the food, so I put Libretto's on my list.  While running errands today, I ended up on this side of town.  In Ballantyne shopping center, at the corner of Johnston/521 and Ballantyne Commons Pkwy, there is plenty of parking at the end that Libretto's is located at.  Arriving around 4:00 pm, there were a couple of people at the bar, but other than that, the place was empty.  A few folks came in and out retrieving takeout orders.  There is outdoor seating, indoor seating at bar-looking wooden tables and chairs and then a back area with tables cloths and a more formal setting.  There are 4 TV's in the bar area and they were tuned to golf on my visit.The hostess, who was also my waitress, was pleasant.  I could have done without the singing/yelling from the kitchen area.  It's a mostly open floor plan so noise carries.  Even with practically no one in the restaurant (off hours on Father's Day), there was a hum to the place that made it rather loud.I ordered a Diet Coke and a 10" Pizza Bianca (white pizza) which totaled just under $13.  The crust was thin and crisp (too hard for my liking, but that is a personal preference) but didn't have much flavor, it also had a burned taste to me, though it was only black in a couple of places.  This may be exactly how it is meant to be, as some folks may like it, but I didn't care for it.  The ricotta for the white pizza was in blobs on the pizza.  While the ricotta was smooth instead of curds, the pizza was zzzzzzzzzz.  White pizza has to have an extra effort put into it since there is no sauce and I didn't care for this.I shall continue my hunt for a delicious white pizza in Charlotte - so far, Hawthorne's holds the crown for the best to me.
4	My family has been going to this place since it first opened and we love it! It is not your authentic Italian feel, nor is it a nice quiet dinner. But it is good food and a friendly staff. The white pizza is amazing (sorry to the other reviewer that did not like it). A quick call on the way home from work will ensure it is ready for you when you arrive to take home. The staff is very friendly and quick to respond to any need you may have. Try the penne palermo. It is my standard if I am not in a pizza mood. The sausage and penne are topped with freshly cut mozzarella (delicious!)
2	Went for lunch on a Friday. There was hardly anyone there, so we figured we can get in and out fairly quick. Wow... Not even close! Waiter was 2 iq points above retarded and ridiculously slow! Took over 1 1/2 hours to eat lunch. About 20 mins of that was just waiting for the check. The only saving part was the pizza was decent. I would never go back...
3	If there is something that Libretto's does extremely well, it has to be their pizza. The crust is thin and crispy (excluding their deep dish pizza which I have not tried yet.) and it does not get soggy. There is a nice variety of different pizzas to choose from (my favorite is the BBQ Chicken) or you can create your own. Slices are offered during lunch and are priced very reasonably. If you are looking for a slightly more upscale experience, Libretto's can help with a very nice dinning room that is separated from the more noisy bar area. So why only three stars? Well, service tends to be somewhat on the slow and spotty side (refills are key to keeping me happy). And then there is the other half of the offerings at Libretto's - the pasta dishes. The Chicken Marsala we ordered was a chicken breast with a couple of mushrooms and an extremely watery and runny sauce added to our choice of noodles. The side salad was mainly lettuce with a small slice of tomato hiding at the bottom and dome flakes of cheese. I expect more from a restaurant that advertises Italian "cuisine". Stick to the pizza and you shouldn't be disappointed.
3	I'm a huge sucker for this place's cheese ravioli & garlic knots. Simple, consistent. I am not, however, a fan of the pizza. Too bland & too little toppings for this Chicago girl. I'm definitely going to keep coming for the pasta & knots though!
5	Do yourself a favor and skip Tony's pizza. Trust me. Come to librettos. This place is legit. I should know; my parents are New York natives. I know pizza. I've grown up on good NY pizza. I love pizza. Dang, I've even dreamed of pizza. Granted, that was while I was pregnant but still. Pizza!!!! Librettos has good pizza. They know what's up and have perfected their pie making skills. Their pies are a perfect marriage of crispness, cheesiness, chewiness, sweetness and tanginess all rolled into one. It's one of the most perfect foods ever made! There. I said it.  Pizza is awesome. There are a lot of places in NC that claim to have NY style pizza, but most of these places are houses of lies and are not even close. We order takeout at least once a week and I've had lunch a couple times in their restaurant. Their lunch specials are great! What other place in Ballantyne can you get great service, a slice, salad and a drink for $5.95? My favorite is the Monday special - cheese pie and garlic knots for $10.95. Good deal for a quick dinner when you don't feel like cooking for your family...mostly because you don't want to wash dishes or unload the dishwasher. So, go here. Order pizza. Experience deliciousness. Repeat. You're welcome.
4	Librettos is one of the better places for Italian food. My favorite is the Eggplant parmesan. It tastes fresh and homemade. Limited choices of wines. Wait staff is young & inexperienced. I think the prices are reasonable and the service is OK. the back room is quiet although not much atmosphere. Mostly families eating there while couples were at the front in the bar area.
3	Yes, I know it's Christmas. Yes, I know that there are Christmas Parties all over the place so when we wen to Libretto's we found that we had to sit in the bar (which is fine) because the dining area was being used for a party. But when you eat in the bar the food comes as if you were eating in the bar. No bread with dinner, appetizers coming out with the for (yes, these are not a big deal, but they are really nice for dinner.) It was just a very odd experience. The calamari wasn't done, the soup was wrong, the grilled shrimp added to the pasta was not added and then brought later at full price. I am so sorry but these simple things do add up.
5	I came to pick up my pie, they had inadvertently given it away to someone else. The manger apologized and offered me some free garlic knots. Very much appreciated and I left happy. I wish more managers of restaurants would handle the little things so customers don't leave annoyed. Thank you Librettos
1	My husband and I went to Libretto's for a Yelp event last summer.  It was pretty good, so we wanted to go back for a full meal.  I kept this on my list for some time, but we rarely venture out that way.  When a Deal Saver coupon popped up ($20 for a $40 value), we decided it was time to go.  We went at 6:30 on a Sunday night.  There were a few people sitting in the bar area (including staff) and only one table of diners in the front dining room.  They brought us to the back dining room where there wasn't another person in there.  Then...we waiting 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us.  I finally caught the eye of a waitress...she rolled her eyes and came over.  She took our drinks orders with a scowl on her face.  Lovely.  I ordered water 'without' lemon and my husband ordered a beer.  Another 10 minutes later our drinks arrived....mine was a water WITH lemon...and not just any lemon....a brown, nasty lemon!!  We should have ran for the hills right then and there, but we decided to ride it out. 30 minutes into our experience, we were finally placing our food order.  We asked the waitress for recommendations and instead of telling us what was good, we got a rundown of what NOT to order.  (Say what?!?)  Again...we should have ran, but we didn't.   So...Chicken Parm with pasta and meatballs for my husband and Chicken Parm with fettuccini alfredo for me.  We also ordered a side of garlic bread.  Our food arrived 20 minutes later...minus the garlic bread.   At this point, we thought we were being "Punk'd"...we were waiting for Ashton Kutcher to come out at any minute!   Alas...no such luck.   My husband's chicken parm was scorching hot on top, but the chicken was barely warm and the sauce on the side of pasta was a runny mess.  The meatball was HUGE...and so was the piece of cartilage/bone that my husband bit into.  GROSS!!!   He was done at that point.  The chicken parm on my plate was much like my husbands, except my piece was paper thin and the illusion of "thickness" was made up by a mound of luke warm sauce and a thick pile of cheese.  Nice try, folks!   The Fettuccine alfredo was the grossest thing that I have ever seen on a plate.  The alfredo sauce was breaking down so it was a gelatinous mess in some spots and watery in others. We both send our meals back, but we didn't want anything else....except the garlic bread!  (My husband was an angry bear at this point and needed to choke something down to stave off the anger...I mean hunger).  By this time, another waitress (one that actually smiled) delivered the garlic bread. We each had one piece...placed our certificate on the table...and got the heck out of there.  On our way out, the waitress asked if we wanted to take the certificate since the meal was being comp'd, but we told her that wasn't necessary since we wouldn't be back.  I don't know what happened between the summer and now, but it was like we stepped into the Twilight Zone!  We left disgusted, disappointed, and STARVING! Maybe it was just a bad night??  Who knows.  Doesn't really matter because we will never step foot in there again!
5	Love love this place I come for the three course meal special on Monday or Tuesday for 10.95 they give huge portion of pasta and amazing dessert . We came there close to closing and they still let us dine in. Well come back again . Great service
2	The place itself is nice, service OK. Their garlic knots are pretty good but pasta not and pizza blah. I find their food dry and tasteless. The only was I would choose their food is if it was for free and even then that is a maybe.
2	Although my co-worker's and I do like the food, the service has been on a steady decline over the past few months.   They had three good waitresses there who were knowledgeable, friendly and always remembered us and our orders.  Since their departure we have been handled by one guy who is constantly running in circles (the place is never over 40% capacity when we arrive) mixing up drink orders and has no concept that it is a lunch HOUR not a lunch afternoon.  He's a nice guy but he is clearly not cut out to handle dining service.  Additionally, although I understand that there is no uniform and a girl has to make a living, I have grown tired of watching the female bartenders walking back and forth with half their backsides showing.   Today the girl's shorts were so small and tight, literally half her cheeks were hanging out.  I thought it was Libretto's, not Hooters, that we were going to for our meal.  Get some real waitstaff that can handle a lunch crowd and maybe I can bring my rating up.
5	I have no idea what these people are talking about. Everytime I come the food is very good.  I started off with there pizza which was good.  I then came back and tried the chicken parm and that was excellent (had to add a little salt, but that is better than food being too salty, which is easy to do with Italian food because of the sauce and cheese). I am from NY and a true marinara sauce is suppose to be slightly runny (sauces that you buy in the grocery stores "ie non runny" sauce are NOT AUTHENTIC). The only negative thing; I wish they did not put pizza in the title because they are so much MORE!o See my 2 favorite employees Doug and Aaron!
5	Today I went for dinner with my husband and my 18 month baby and we really enjoy it, we ordered New Yorker Pizza and Meat Stambolli and it was delicious, on time, and  the waitress was really kind, prices are regular and also there was live music with a very cool band my experience was great and I highly recommend this place ;)
5	I've never been in the restaurant, but I ordered delivery for the first time, this evening. I have four words for Libretto's... Fast, Fresh, Friendly and (most importantly) Delicious!! Honestly, I had a great experience. I ordered the Chicken Parmagiana Hero(with fries) and Calamari for my friend and I to share, and I was Very pleased! Ordering over the phone was simple and expedient. Delivery was better than prompt, and shockingly still piping hot! Thank you, to every person involved with my order!
1	Let me start by saying that my co-worker and I went in last week and had a different server.   Young kid, probably out of college and although he was a little slow getting started, he made up for it and provided good service.   With a little more time and training, he could be excellent.  We did notice that the dining area consisted of me, my co-worker and another patron sitting at another table yet we sat next to a dirty table for over half our meal.  It took four people and numerous trips to clear a four person table.  Not the most horrible thing in the world but still, not very professional. Then there was today.   Fail.  Royally. We went back today.  How was our meal?   I wouldn't know since it was over before it began.  Last week and again this week, no hostess to greet you at the door so you're standing around looking like you're waiting for the 3:45pm bus to Nowheresville.  She finally shows up like she just came back from cheerleading practice   and seats us in the dining room.  There is no one else in there and there are two tables outside being served (total of 4 people outside).  A gentleman joins the dining area about 5-7 minutes after we arrive and he tells the hostess that he would like some ice water and she runs and fetches it for him.  Ummmm, it's hot outside. ....I sure would like a drink of something....Where's our waiter?  Then she winds up taking his order.  Hello?  Ma'am?  Bueller?  Bueller?  Anyone?!?!?!?  So he's got a beverage and his order placed and we don't have anything??!?  Two more minutes of waiting and it was over.  We left and I looked right in the face of the guy at the register who said absolutely nothing as we passed.  I wonder how long it took for anyone to even realize that we were gone.  My friend and I walked right over to Dickey's next door who must have overheard our conversation about your place because guess she gave us our beverages on the house.Dickey's = 1Libretto's = 0Fail. #slackers
2	What a disappointing visit, based on the service. I am frequent customer at their Park Road location and although the servers may be on the slow side they are above and beyond the Ballantyne staff, including the Manager. I arrived shortly after 12:00 and looking forward to the house salad, something I crave on a weekly basis and a good slice of pepperoni & mushroom pizza. Unlike the Park Road location you order at the counter here and they deliver your food to you. Upon placing my order I said I would be sitting outside. I waited over 20 minutes and walked inside and my slide was sitting there. Needless to say it was cold once delivered. I had a drink that sat empty for over 10 minutes so I, needless to say, walked inside to ask for a refill and was ignored by the server and the manager for over 10 minutes. By the time I got back outside the pizza was cold and I was very disappointed with the entire visit. I walked inside asked for a to go cup, which the Manager wasn't very thrilled about doing, and left. Needless to say, Libretto's does not have the greatest pizza, but I do enjoy the salads, but I will NOT be back to this location. So disappointing.
1	Our first experience to Libretto's was on July 12. The pizza was terrific. Headed back the following Saturday, 7/19, with the family. Ordered two pies: sicilian and white pizza. I don't think I've ever had this happen. Someone reheated the white pizza from the case! It was stale, burnt, brown on top, quite disgusting. I informed our server who "tasted it for himself" to see if he agreed. We had to wait for another pie to be prepared fresh. No adjustment made in our bill. No apology from a manager. Too many other places to get pizza in Charlotte. Oh and how do we know the pizza came from the case? It was full when we came in; one pie was missing when we left.Won't be back at Libretto's.
3	Dined here in August.  I had the calzone and my wife had the lasagne.  Both were good, though I was surprised how little meat was baked into the calzone.  We're rating the experience a 3 because the of the noise level.  Neither the restaurant or bar areas were full, but it was so noisy we could barely hear the waiter or ourselves.
4	Very good pizza.  Generally consistent.  Not too much to say good or bad.  We've eaten in and taken out.  Pizza is good.  Not the best we have ever had but better than most in Charlotte.  Highly recommended.
1	Hours during the week are shorter than shown on website and Yelp. Pizza was tasteless and cold. Crust was hard as a rock. Won't be back. Totally disappointed at the waste of money!  If this is what people think authentic Italian food and pizza is like they are sadly mistaken!
1	Lame. Lame. Lame. Seriously, for the love of all things pizza, stay away from this place. Service is bad in the restaurant, as it's young kids waiting on you. Delivery is incredibly slow and will come warm if you're lucky with evidence of being thrown in the car. Anything fried is WAY too greasy. Meatballs and sausage are tasty but overall Librettos is inconsistent. It's sad, The two real non chain options in Ballantyne are mediocre at best. Seems this small business is struggling and the minimal portion control overpricing tactics are in full swing.
3	A solid Italian bar and restaurant with ample seating inside and outside.  Menu is excellent and covers all the Italian food groups.  Pizza, pastas, salads, calzones, etc.  And the portions are huge.  Wife had pizza there with a friend so we decided to do a lunch experiment.Lots of take-out and not just pizza, plus on a Sunday, there were a number of people eating in and at the bar.Went for somewhat of a sampler so split a salad, and glad we did because the portion was more than enough for two people.  Was good.  Calzone had the best dough or as my wife says, crust, ever.  And cooked perfectly.  Just ask to go light on the ricotta cheese as it is pretty dominant.  Ours was really cheezy and could have use more spinach.Pizza slice was very good.  They can do thin crust and even have three thick varieties.  And they have prepared about a dozen pies that you can buy by the slice.  Very convenient for the business lunch crowd.Service excellent.  And everything is made to order, so be prepared to wait, but the wait will be worth it.
4	Ok, look... this is a family-style Italian/Pizza joint... they have fancy paper napkins, and a cool ambiance that almost mirrors romantic, but if you're looking for highfalutin... this is NOT your place.  The food is good, well made, fresh, filling, and yummy.My husband and I generally get take out on Friday nights, but last Friday (10/3/2014) I decided to tidy up well enough after my evening workout for him to actually take me out... (I know, sometimes it's more of a stretch that you'd guess after a long week)... the point is... we wanted to go somewhere tasty, and close to home... So we chose Libretto's (as we have done MANY times before)...This time, we ordered the El Diablo pizza, and I had a spinach salad with salmon... The salmon was a TAD overcooked, but no matter... no one actually asked me HOW I wanted it cooked... The salad was crisp and fresh, and the pizza was delicious... I decided to really splurge and order a glass of the house white... it was a Pinot Grigio... cool, crisp, refreshing, and really took the bite out of the super spicy El Diablo.Our waitress was prompt, courteous, very kind... the hostess who seated us was happy and chipper... the food was yummy, as always.  I have also had the meatballs, the lasagna, the antipasto, and many other dishes here... if you like garden-variety home-made Italian food, this is the place to go.  If you're looking for wait-staff in tuxedos and uber-fancy service... go elsewhere... people bring their families here... there's always some loud dudes at the bar, someone's always laughing too loudly... it's great!  I love it!
2	We get delivery from here a lot because it is the only delivery outside of the chains in our area. Too often the crust is burnt so we started ordering our pizza "undercooked" which is still hit or miss on what you receive. The pizza always seems to look like it has a rough ride to our house. Tonight we ordered 1/2 sausage and received a full sausage pie after about a 75 minute wait (added photo of pie and order in the photos). My husband hates sausage. Disappointed.... Again.
5	Free Delivery and the food is the best.  I order from them all of the time because it is more than worth it!
4	My boyfriend I have gotten delivery from here a couple of times now. It always arrives hot and in a timely manor. We have yet to try the pizza but we are obsessed with the antipasto and the stuffed mushrooms, they are both AMAZING! We got the chicken Marsala last time and weren't big fans, but that definitely won't stop us from ordering again! I crave those stuffed mushrooms constantly!
4	Best pizza in Charlotte.  (That I have found so far).  Visited the Ballantyne location. Saturday afternoon after thanksgiving at 3pm was a great time to come for no crowd. This has got to be the only pizza joint in Charlotte with an original location in NYC.  The homemade marinara is amazing with the fresh mozzarella frittes.  A decent beer selection.  We will definitely be trying not only the parktowne location, but also the NYC location ASAP!
3	Not sure how they're boasting #1 rated pizza. It was ok. Thin large slices resemble NY style but not very authentic. Service was slow at the bar. I stood around for a while even searching for someone who worked there - no one behind the bar at all. Bathrooms smells like sewage and mildew buildup.
5	I order from Libretto's all of the time, the delivery is FREE and their menu is amazing.  Very good food and very friendly folks.   I 100% recommend them.  They have become my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
4	We had a pizza with peppers, sausage, and pepperoni. It was sooooo good! It was delivered hot and fresh to our door with plenty of toppings and delicious sauce served with garlic knots.
