4	I have been stalking 9091 Taco (a play on the Korean "gogi") since they first started revamping the old Sexxxpresso location.   I noticed that they finally looked open for business today when I came into work, so naturally I had to stop by for lunch.Right now, it's walk-up or drive through (possible seating area to come) and their menu even says that they deliver!They do tacos, burritos, tortas, and bibimbap (listed as Bi Bop Salad on the menu).  Some items (at least the Bi Bop and Torta) appear to be served with a side of sweet potato fries.  And to clarify, I mean sweet "potato fries" not "sweet potato" fries.... more on that later.All items come with the protein of your choice (beef, chicken or tofu) and can be regular or spicy.  I asked about the veganness of the bread for tortas, but the guy wasn't sure and suggested I get the tofu Bi Bop Salad, which definitely had no animal products.  (The burrito has sour cream and cheese, but that could probably be left off.)  So, several vegetarian options, and a few vegan ones. lots of meat choices, of course.The Bi Bop came with rice, lettuce, carrots, mushrooms, spinach, zucchini, sprouts and marinated cubed tofu.  Served with a side of gojuchang and a sweet soy sauce and oddly, salsa.  All sauces were very good.  The "salad"didn't look like a whole lot of food, but along with the side of fries, I was pretty full at the end ($8.99 for Bi Bop, comes with fries).  So, the fries - tasty but weird.  They are super super thin cut, like matchsticks.  They are pale yellow like regular potato fries, but very sweet.  Almost like they took regular potatoes and added sugar.  It's probably some kind of yam or something though, because that would be really strange to just sugar up some potatoes.  My friend got the meat torta ($6.99)and gave it a thumbs up.  Bottom line - it was tasty and provides a nice vegan option for a quick lunch that is within walking distance for me.  I will probably be a regular customer.
4	I've been waiting for this place to open since this Spring... and now it's here~!Obviously by the creative name "9091" the place it is a spin on the "gogi" of Southern Cali, but I think it's as good or better than the "original" concept. On my first visit, I had just a few carne asada tacos to test them out. I went with a spicy sauce that they recommended and it was very spicy but had lots of flavor to it as well. I love this Hot sauce! (must have)On my second visit, I had tacos again and tried the tortas too. They put in this mexican chesse or something with the combination of a ponzu like sauce... It just hits the spot. Oh... one thing to mention - they have these sweet potato "fries" that come with the tortas but beware - they are like needles and pokes your mouth if you are not careful. My friend really liked them but I was not that thrilled.  All in all, I am so glad this place is open now and I hope they stay so I will always have a place to get my taco craving fix.
4	9091 LA Style Taco Taco - 9091 (which is a play on the word gogi - cute, huh?) Tried it for the first time today! The lunch special wasn't bad $5.99 + tax for 2 Kali Tacos (crab tacos), sweet potato fries, salsa and a soda (or water). We tried the Kali tacos, the spicy chicken tacos...and the Korena BBQ beef tacos! Fast service, Plenty of parking...they bump some music...and there's outside eating!
5	I learned to make Korean food by watching Maangchi's videos- she's an adorable little lady who enthusiastically shares her recipes with a large and quite adoring audience. Through her I've earned a love of gochujang, green onion salad and many of the other delicious things that are associated with Korean grub. I also grew up in an ethnically diverse neighborhood/town where I got to grub on authentic taqueria food on a frequent basis, at all hours of the night. The collision of these two worlds is a beautiful thing, if executed well. I believe these guys pulled it off. When I arrived, two of the tables in their seating area were occupied: one by  a group of guys and the other a trio, chatting in Korean. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. The restaurant set up is interesting, given that it's the bright yellow and red free-standing structure in the same parking lot as Mint Indian bistro. The menu is simple, but that's OK. It's encouraging to me when any establishment is confident enough in their product to keep it simple. Monta is a good example of that principle. While I was waiting for my order, a couple from Cali that I had just interacted with some 15-20 min earlier at my work rolled up! Maybe Yelp figured in to that? ;} I sure don't remember having mentioned these guys... I ordered a total of 5 tacos, 3 for my boyfriend and 2 for myself, for $10.76. It made a nicely portioned  lunch without feeling heavy or greasy. You can get varying spice levels on it, and I opted to have our beef "korean BBQ" style. It had spice without being too heavy on the heat. The flavors were robust and well-rounded with a nice blend of savory, sweet and heat, even in the chicken. I'll go spicier on the chicken next time, but it was still pretty good. The tacos are decently portioned with a bit of meat in 2 small-ish corn tortillas topped with a mountain of different lettuces. They come in attractive clear containers with the 2 sauces and a container of salsa, as well as their sweet fries.  What sets these guys above the other taco places I've been to is their lettuce and sauces. Though it can be perilous trying to eat without having a salad-anche , the variety of textures and flavors that the shredded vegetables add to the tacos is excellent. It's essentially like having a side salad with your tacos, because they dole it out by the fist full! I really enjoyed eating the left over mixture with their special black sauce & salsa. The black sauce has a nice earthy punch, very reminiscent of bulgogi, while the red sauce was a good spicy pepper sauce. Yum! This is close enough to my work that I'll be stopping here pretty often!
5	I had to rush out the door this morning to run errands and was facing the dreaded duty of going to work without anything in my belly. Since our fridge has been dying a slow death this week, fresh vegetables have been a rare indulgence and I knew I wanted as many as I could find; that's when I remembered the mixed salad that they offered here.  And with that salad, my friends, I quickly found myself in veggie heaven! The food came in TWO of the big plastic containers, wrapped up in a plastic bag. One of the containers had salsa, several of their special black sauces, several of the red spicy sauces, tons of their sweet potato strings and cuttlery. There was the lettuce mixture, plus; bean sprouts salad, carrots, cucumber, zucchini, spinach salad, cilantro, rice, wakame, spicy beef, shredded omelet, green onion and probably some other stuff I'm forgetting. It was exactly what I needed to pull me through a missed breakfast and a 7 hour shift. Yay! I love this place. :} The special today was bulgogi-style chicken wings, which sounds really good!
5	I'm a fan...not just because Clark's a great guy, and not just because the googie-styled location is one of my favorites (who'd a thunk sitting along Flamingo is actually a great place to dine...but it is), but it's because the food is terrific.  I'm a spice diva and crave the endorphin buzz that only hot food can stir up -- and his spicy chicken and beef are just the thing to wake up my tastebuds and make me drool, just thinking about 'em.   I crave his bibop burrito (think bip bim bap rolled up into a flour tortilla) - with either spicy chicken or spicy beef -- both are yummy.His traditional chicken and beef are saltier -- the Korean versions sweeter -- but for me, it's spicy...The tacos are terrific...the burritos delicious...just had his wings yesterday and they were great - crispy, flavorful, delicious...  Haven't had his bulgogi burger or torta, but they look awesome...He's put together all the makings of a world class food truck, locked it down in one location right near UNLV and is doing a great job... Cheers, Clark!  Congratulations...and thanks!   9091 is totally droolworthy...
3	After a huge breakfast jus wanted something lighter for a late lunch, remembered the reviews of 9091 so decided to try it . I had the Korean beef torta(beef , lettuce,avocado, tomato, cilantro sour cream)  Came with a shoyu based sauce, hot sauce and salsa, on the side with some sweet pot fries. The sandwich reminded me of teriyaki beef sandwich's I  grew up eating in Hawaii. The sweet pot fries are really thin , wish they were a little thicker. I think next time will try the burrito or taco , like I said the torta reminded me of something I ate growing up in Hawaii so there's not the wow factor. Maybe I should get the burrito or taco for the wow factor cause never ate too many tacos or burritos in Hawaii .
5	If you are looking to find good food away from the strip,this is exactly what you are looking for.  This place was sogood, we couldn't help but to keep coming back, and back..and back.  Simple menu, but what flavor!   Just look for theteapot on Flamingo, turn in, and you won't be sorry!
4	bad rhyming in 3... 2... 1!Yo yo nine oh nine oneI wanted to say hellocause you're making great food sonyour building is big and yellowjust like the sunoh let me get that beef burritowithout a drinkmunching on the sweet potatoeswithin a blinkI ask myself where did my food go. Did any of that even make sense? 9091 is the one of the newer gems of Las Vegas for street eats, it serves up health friendly Korean influenced items from tacos to chicken wings. The influence ranges anywhere from the large variety of vegetables, spices or the marinade used. Perhaps you should consider the bi bim bop (if available) burrito if you enjoy your vegetables. Most items will come with either tortilla chips or thin straw sweet potato fries, which I originally found a little difficult to eat because they were so crispy, but during my most recent visit they were slightly larger and less crispy, thus easier for my consumption. Clark is a nice guy whom you should have no problems with when ordering, and after you're done he might even hang with you outside just to talk. Definitely a spot you want to try out for something satisfying and simple. Quick note: since this is street food, you should consider having wet naps or moist towelettes with you because things can get messy when you're chowing down 9091's delicacy.
4	i intern for las vegas nightlife group, and at least once a week, people in the office order food from here. so, today after i got off i had some time in between jobs so my friend and i grabbed lunch here.its a really cute stand actually. i saw it before it opened and knew i had to come by. LA style tacos? down! but i had no idea it was LA style korean. YUM!!!anyway, you'll see the breakdown of how the place works on other people's reviews [no need to repeat the same thing!]. we ordered 2 korean bbq beef burritos and one soda. came out to $15 and some change. definitely not bad at all. since it rained a bit today, we opted for to-go and ate in the car. food was made to order, so there was a bit of a wait. but for fresh food? i'll wait!the burritos came with sweet potato shoestring fries [which were soooo yummy! i couldnt stop eating them!], and 3 sauces: a sweet soy sauce, spicy hot sauce [which kinda smelled like tapatio to me], and salsa. buritto was yummy and super filling. i only ate half of mine! [or maybe i filled up on the fries? idk]. definitely coming back to this spot! must try a torta [my boss ordered one today and it looked reeeeeeeeally good!!!], gotta try the wings and they have another special i wanted to try but wasnt sure what its called
2	A Korean Taco Stand!?  Sounds so cool, I HAD to try it!  I love little places like this and I was so excited to give it a try.But I hate to say it... I was pretty disappointed.  The tacos themselves were pretty good, but they put so much 'filler' with them to make it look like you're getting lots of food... that really annoyed me.They brag about the "3 different kids of lettuce,"  but really people... do you get excited about eating lettuce??  I don't!!  The meat hidden under the mounds of lettuce was pretty yummy but I don't feel like I should have to search to get to it.I felt the same about their 'sweet potato fries."  It's very clever how the cut them suuuuuuper thin so when they put a giant handfull of them on your plate, it looks like a massive mound of food.  But in reality there's nothing substantial there at all.There was some kind of yummy dark brown sauce that came with the tacos that was super delicious.  If they had given me tortillas actually FILLED with their meat, with some of that sauce and a LITTLE bit of lettuce... I would have been a happy girl.  But instead, I left feeling pretty jipped.  So disappointing.
4	This place doesn't seem too exciting, small unassuming little place tucked in the parking lot next to Roy's on Flamingo, but its got some exciting flavors going on. Not a big menu, there is really only four things listed, with choice of meat, it can expand to 12, but they have some extra items shown by picture as choices for that day, so I guess there is more than meets the eye. I chose the burrito with teri beef, it came with tiny little sweet potato fries. I felt they needed to be a little bigger just a very light hint of flavor with them being so tiny. There were two sauces one for the fries and one for the burrito, it was the spicy kim chi sauce, or so I thought. It had the same Korean flavor. I was surprised it was so tasty and definitely different, so it will be kept on my short list for future follow ups.
3	So I've been trying to find something similar to the Kogi Trucks in Cali because the 4 hour drive to eat something I crave on a daily was getting to be a hassle.  I read about this korean taco stand on yelp, and gave it a shot.  Let's just say the taste was nowhere near "LA Style" tacos.  I ordered 2 tacos:- Spicy Chicken - it seemed more sweet rather than spicy.  And the hot sauce they gave me, burnt my taste buds.  I mean I love spicy, but that was an overkill.- Korean Beef BBQ - it was hella sweet! like nothing balanced anything out, it was just too sweet.  The tacos were topped of with way too much lettuce, it felt like I was eating a salad.  The only good thing about my order was the sweet potato fries.  It was thin and crispy, made to my liking.  Maybe I just went on a wrong day, or maybe I didn't order the right style?  All I know is that everything was either way to sweet or spicy, there was nothing to balance it out.  Maybe I'd give this another shot and try their Torta or something.  All I know is that the tacos are no longer on my list for ordering.
5	I went there this afternoon and it was freakin delicious. Their Korean BBQ beef torta was like an orgasm in my mouth. No, but seriousely one of the best korean bbq meat that I've had in a long time. It has a bit of sweet kalbi seasoning sause that goes perfectly with the steak meat. The meat also does not seem cheap, I was very surprised at the quality of meat. It was very tender and juicy. It was served on torta bread with avocado, sour cream, and alotta lettuce that complimented the meat just perfect. The sweet potatoe fries were also excellent and they come as free side with your order. Their Bibop salad with spicy chicken also looks delicious. Gonna try that next time. If you are in vegas, you gotta come try this delight of a place, its worth every penny.
4	When I want something a little different than the usual food in the UNLV area, I go to 9091. Their tortas are nothing short of awesome.I've tried the tacos and the wings. They were only alright.. nothing to go back for. A buddy of mine said that they make some killer burgers, so I may just have to try that when I see that special up.  What I usually go here for are the tortas. The chicken tortas are great, especially after pouring their special black soy based sauce: juicy, meaty, and very filling. I remember going into flavor shock after my first bite. After that, I just kept going back for more.I'm not too sure how I feel about the sweet potato fries though. They're kinda tasty, but they are also so thin and pointy that they are almost annoying to eat.
5	yuumm this is a special place we had dinner here and waited about a half an hour to get our food because there was a large party ahead of us but once we got our food we did not care.we went back the next day for more!!Yes they play annoying music loud, and yes it takes a long time but the tacos are worth the wait.The sweet potato fries are wonderful put on top of the taco and i want to eat here everyday...perfect snack or lunch or dinner.about fifteen dollars for four tacos sweet potato fries and wings.
4	Visited for the first time after work on a chilly December evening. Really good Korean style spicy beef taco. Also tried the special wings. The sauce they drizzle over the wings and the spicy beef makes you wanna bite your fingers. Also liked the super skinny sweet potato fries...I folded them into my taco for extra crunch.Food is prepared fresh, so prepare to wait a little bit.
4	awesome change of pace for the area. everything i have had has been delicious...and i get here at least once a week. favorites are bipop burrito (all the meats that i have put with it have been good) and their cheeseburger (it's a bit messy, but awesome...and huge).really dig their soy sauce...think it might have some vinegar in it to sexy it up. the sweet potato shoestring fries are also nice. and the people there rock....always friendly.
5	I've been to 9091 twice in one week. That should say it all. It's that good. Those potato strings are addicting, even if they poke the inside of your cheeks while you're eating them. The chicken torta  was absolutely delish with the chicken being seasoned perfectly. We also tried the beef burrito which was  very good.  Their spicy sauce is a variation of bimbimbap sauce but different. I poured it on everything. The chicken wings had some good flavors on it too. The glass noodles were a bit plain but a little mixture of the soy sauce blend and the spicy sauce and it was all a go.
4	Yay Im a fan.. I'm unsure as to what part of this establishment makes it Korean.. but I am still working on that. I know it's meant to be fusion.. When I asked the guy behind the counter for an explanation of the flavors and sauces, he mentioned  no specific components and only used the words 'spicier' and 'sweeter' in reference to what the flavors were like. It was vague but I decided to give it a try anyway. I am pleased to say that everything was fresh, tasted great and was filling. Definitely someplace I would look to for a burrito now and then. I look forward to trying the other items. It was a limited menu, but given all the choices for food.. i think that this is a perfect thing. I am still confused as to what the seasonings were...as both burritos I tried were accompanied by a chili sauce and some sort of sweet soy sauce.. both good.. and both needed the sauces to liven up the burritos a bit.It did take near 20 minutes for the 2 burritos to be made, which is due to the freshness of them I suppose.. but if I were on a lunch break, I might be a bit wary of going there. I was the only guy in line as well.. at the time.. there were 3 or 5 people sitting under the heater out front having food that all seemed to enjoy it as well. As I said, it was all very fresh and tasty on it's own which is why I am a fan and look forward to more.. but without any specific flavors that I can pinpoint, its just another good taco/burrito stand fused up for something different.. though not so different. More to come!
4	This taco stand is close to my work and I've been wanting to try it for quite some time. Finally made it over yesterday.I ordered a spicy chicken taco and Korean BBQ beef taco. Both were quite good. Soooo much better than Hanshik Taco.
5	My boyfriend and me was dissappointed at the Wynn long line $40 buffet, the tasteless $40 dinner from the Pinot of the Venetian but finally got sastisfied my the $7 Torta from this Korean Taco Shop! We ordered the Torta with Korean BBQ and it come with sweet potato fried, which is the best fried I ever tasted! The sweet potato fried is very thin and crispy which added the texture to the dish. The Torta is packed with fresh vegetables and juicy BBQ beef. On top of that, the freshly made salsa on the side is so tasty with a hint of spice from the dice jalepeno. The owner/chef is very generous. We highly recomended this place and we definitely come back for more Korean Taco ^_^
3	I saw it mentioned in a free guide magazine I was looking at, then went to The Atomic Testing Museum, & boom it's right across the street.  I had to try it.I've had Korean Tacos in the Bay Area, not in LA.  If this is what's in LA I'm not missing anything.It was a former coffee shop, but now it's a Korean taco/burrito/salad stand.We got:Two chicken tacos spicy $1.99 ea.  Each taco had 2 corn tortillas with some chicken strips & 4 different types of lettuce they say.  Then were was a small amount of thing sweet potato fries.  You can ask for chips instead, but he didn't ask us so we got the fries.  I didn't try them, but B. thought they were like shoe string fries sweet.  They have beef too.Burritos: beef or chicken $5.99.Bibop salad $8.99 beef or chicken.Torta $6.99 beef or chicken.Soda 20oz bottle $1.99.We paid cash, but they take credit cards.Limited Outdoor seating.
4	Spicy Korean Chicken Burrito is delicious!
4	After hearing so much about Hanshiktaco I was craving Korean Tacos but Hanshiktaco is always clear across town for me so after driving around one evening I noticed 9091 and I told myself "Yes, finally you will get your Korean Taco fix" So the next day the BF and I made it a point to try out this cute little blimp place....-2 Tacos - Beef & Chicken- Hella Good!!!! The special sauce the dude said to pour on the tacos was so good, the thin crispy sweet potato fries were so good dunked in the house made hot sauce= Try it, you might like it....-Beef Torta- The BF said this is one of the best sandwiches he's ever had- I had a bite and I would have to agree with him- the cheese,avocado,korean barbecue beef, lettuce-all drenched in the special sauce-Good Prices, Chop Chae on Fridays- My goodness enough of all this talk, I'm gonna go get some right now.....See ya
4	This is what Korean fusion should taste like.I usually like to moderate my expectations for a place that has high reviews. That wasn't the case with 9091. I was expecting great things and that's exactly what I got.They seem to have a pretty simple menu. I went with the Spicy Korean Chicken Burrito ($5.99). It was cold out, so after about a minute there waiting, the guy asks where my car is. I point to the other side of the trailer (is that a trailer?) and he says to wait in my car and he'll bring it to me. Nice!Long story short, that burrito was supremely good. Wow. Like I said, this is what I was expecting Korean fusion to taste like. I'm sorry to say (coz Ron is a nice guy) but it provided that little bit of extra flavor that I was missing from Hanshiktaco.I must return.
3	Pretty good food....I would rather go to hanshiko instead
4	Wow! It took having my initial review as ROTD to remind me to update.   So, yeah.  I am definitely a regular here.  The tofu tacos ($1.99 ea !) are my go-to quick lunch.  Two tacos (comes with the sweet potato fries) are enough to fill me up.  Sweet soy marinated tofu + lettuces, cilantro, and green onion in two little soft corn tortillas.  Served with the same trio of sauces (soy, gojuchang, salsa) as the bibop salad.  The guys who work there are always so friendly, and it only takes a few minutes to get my food.  Bonus, if you call ahead, they'll have it ready for you!
4	We drove by this place one night and decided to give it a try the next day when we found ourselves craving tacos and burritos. They advertise themselves as "LA Style", but that is misleading. Their food is way better than what you get from the Korean taco trucks in LA. This place had a better taste, was less messy, and less greasy. The food tasted like true fusion cuisine. I've eaten at many of the Korean taco trucks in the LA area and while they are good, I've always felt that they were basically serving Korean food in a tortilla. This place balances the influences better to create something unique.My only concerns were that their menu seems limited. They are a small place, but you'd think they'd at least be able to offer as many items as a taco truck. Also they are slightly overpriced. A burrito is $6 whereas they are usually $5 from the places I usually go to. You do get the sweet potato fries with them, but I didn't even finish mine. I wish they'd let you skip the fries and save a dollar.
5	This place is always great it is never busy when we go im a afraid that it might go out of business soon, i hope not!! they have awesome food for cheap prices!!
5	I was happy to see something good took over the old Sexxxpresso location, which I wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole.This place is so good and so hilarious!  I'll explain.My first trip, I tried the spicy chicken burrito.  It's actually kind of sweet, which I wasn't expecting, but they gave me a bottle of their excellent hot sauce and that solved the problem.  It's super yummy!  It comes with avocado and a big chunk of cotija cheese in the middle.  I know the cotija cheese may sound weird, but is actually really, really good.  I talked to the nice man who took my order and he said they can make the burrito more spicy next time.While I was there, they blasted I Will Always Love You by Whitney Houston, More Than Words by Extreme, and the theme song to Annie!  Crazy!  I Will Always Love You has been stuck in my head since.Next time, I tried the beef tacos and ordered them actually spicy. Which apparently means you order them regular but spicy. The tacos were also very, very good.  Overstuffed tacos with lots of cilantro and cabbage.  You can't possibly keep everything in the taco but it makes a nice little salad when stuff falls out and they give you a fork so it's all good!  The friendly man taking orders came out and gave me a mixture of jalapenos, celery, and soy sauce to put on my tacos.  Very yummy and not overpoweringly spicy.The music... they blasted Creep by TLC and, again, I Will Always Love You!  Nooooo!  Just when I got it out my head, now it's back.  :)They are open 10am until 10pm... 9pm during winter.  Closed on Sunday.  This would be a great late night drunk place.  I can totally see myself trashed at 3am belting out I Will Always Love You while eating beef tacos.  But alas, not open that late.  I'll have to start getting drunk during the day.The only thing I didn't really like is the sweet potato strings that come with each order.  Maybe I'm on sweet potato overload since it seems to be so common now.  But the sweet potato strings definitely are not the focus.  Go for the tacos and burritos for sure.  I'll definitely be back. As often as I can.
5	This is actually a late review.I was in Las Vegas with my friends and we feel like having Korean food. For some reason, not a lot of place open on Sunday for korean food. I found this place on Yelp and decide to give it a try. The place is a fusion of korean and mexican food. I love the yellow truck-theme. It's like a mobile home that's serving food out of their window. It's entertaining to look at. If you want to sit and eat, there are chairs and table outside where you can enjoy the nice breeze.I like the fact that the menu is not loaded with a bunch of stuff, but instead a few simple items like In & Out. So you don't get frustrated deciding what to pick. I order a burrito with korean bbq meat and it was so good! Usually am not a fan of burrito, but I love korean bbq meat! Their sweet potatoes fries that come with the meal was also something. The way it's very thinly cut make it very crunchy. Next time I come, I will surely try their tacos. Highly recommended. Also, the price is very reasonable.
4	I finally had the chance to check out this food stand. I ordered one regular beef taco and a Korean BBQ beef taco. There was no line and I only had to wait a few minutes before my order was up. I like cabbage on my tacos, but there was a ridiculously large heap hiding the two tacos underneath. The regular beef taco was ok... I probably wouldn't get it again. The Korean beef, however, was amazing! It's something everyone has to try if you stop by.It also came with a small amount of sweet potato fries. Kinda weird... they were really hard and crunchy... not what I was expecting at all.Their menu is fairly small, but looks delicious... tortas, burritos, wings and burgers with an Asian twist.4 Stars... but that's mainly for the Korean BBQ beef. The other taco was "meh."
4	Do you ever have that one place where you can just go to and never get tired of? 9091 is that place. I ordered the Korean BBQ beef burrito. It consists of lettuce, cheese, queso fresco, white rice, Korean BBQ, and avocado. Accompanying the burrito was a handful of micro thin sweet potato fries that provide a nice garnish for the burrito.  The beef has the same sweet flavor as bulgogi and the white rice is perfectly cooked. The avocado really puts this burrito over the top. I felt this was a true representation of fusion food.
4	9091 was the one clue Eric R. and I skipped while representing yelp in the 2010 Scavenger Dash.  It was the furthest away from the strip.  Even though it is so close to UNLV, I never ventured over there because I like to leave my car parked all day and night when I am working then going to classes.I finally remembered it was there on Friday after my short work day, and it was so pretty outside so I went to the giant yellow bean shaped place.  The gentleman who took my order suggested a burrito for my first time, but I had just eaten chipotle the day before, so I opted for the Bibop salad.  I got spicy beef.  I had no idea the range of veggies that would land in my salad, but I was most excited about the eggplant!  That definitely was not listed on the menu but was a great addition.  There was enough food there for like 3 meals!Even though I didn't order a drink, the guy behind the register brought me a cold water to wash down the spicy beef.  It was so deliciously healthy and I need to return for tacos!  When I got up to leave I was noticed by someone who knew me from a different context.  A small world!
4	Good food and good prices.  We ordered the following:- Beef burrito - great with fresh veggies, sauce and even comes with chips, unlike other burrito joints - Beef torta - great, filling and love the avocado!- Beef tacos - tons of veggies and lettuce on top, love that!  It was a bit dry though, wish the avocado or queso sauce was there.  It was okay with hot sauce and pico though.Our meals came with the tortilla chips so we didn't get a chance to try the sweet potatoes.  Love the blasting music and friendly staff!We'll be back again!
5	Kimchee taco special today. 2 for $4.99If you've not tried their half pound bulgogi burger...seriously, get yourself over there to try it.  It's delicious, meaty, juicy, run down your arm goodness.  I don't like lettuce on my burger, but somehow this works - and yes, by the end, it's all fallen apart but who cares...it's summer. It's like eating corn on the cob, once you start, you can't put it down...but try to add some of their special sauce mixed with some of the spicy siracha - more dripping, but that's okay.  Great job!  And I love the change on the sweet potatoes - they're now more potato chippy than matchstick which means I don't look like a squirrel when I'm eating them....so thanks for that!
4	This new wave of fusion food is a concept that I truly love. The pairing of different styles of cuisine in a way that complements one another is fascinating. I am not a huge fan of Mexican food, but love Korean food, so this combination is just right for me. I have been here a few times and everything I have tried so far has been superb. My introduction to this place was the bibop salad. It is bibimbop without the rice. The flavors are good, but I am not sure if it justifies the $8.99. I have also tried the Korean BBQ and spicy beef burritos. Both were delicious, but the flavor of the Korean BBQ was better. The flavor was in the beef instead of just smothering it in sauce like the spicy beef. It is also filled with four different kinds of lettuce, tomato, avocado, rice and cheese. Personally, the cheese felt out of place amongst the other ingredients and overpowered the meat.  For $5.99, you get a great meal that will fill you up without leaving you feeling weighed down. By the time I had ordered, I saw their special was a kalbi quesadilla. It was too late. That's ok, it just gives me an excuse to go back.
5	Totally yummy and a good deal! Its a small place with a simple menu but its a must if youre in the area!
4	This restaurant offers limited outside seating and serves Korean-style tacos so we ordered a special that included 4 tacos (1 pollo and 3 with Korean BBQ beef) plus a 20-ounce diet Pepsi.  The beef tacos were superior to the one with chicken.  Each included a medium sized portion of thinly cut, crispy, sweet potato fries
5	Every time my fiance and I go we get the Korean beef burrito, 2 tacos, and that awesome hamburger that we have to split so we don't get in a fight over it. The hot sauce is awesome and it seems like they have changed the sweet potato fries. I highly recommend the wings in this ponzu like sauce. It's Sooooooo good. :)Keep on cooking 9091~!
5	This place is ahhh-mazing! My boyfriend and I ordered the burrito (beef, korean bbq) and the burger (which I think is some kind of special - also beef, korean bbq style) and then decided to split it so we could try both! Both dishes were insanely good and packed with flavor. Even though the dishes were a burrito and a burger, I was pleasantly surprised when that korean flavor really came through in each dish. The food is fresh and delicious and the service is friendly and quick. Try it!
2	I know that they're supposed to be like the korean/mexican style street food that you can find in LA on some of the street trucks, but I'm just not feeling it.  Food was meh, and I wasn't tickled pink at the price.
5	Yum yum yum. This place is great. Fresh ingredients, friendly service, flavorful food. I already suggest this place to everyone. We always get Korean bbq beef tacos and their cheeseburger always with extra sauce because it's delicious.
4	Got 2 koren style chicken taco's  and a beef taco, and not one bit was a blan bite. Served sky high with 4 different shreds of lettuce( which served as a side salad in itself) both the chicken and beef were tender and lean! Plate was also complimented by a side of sweet potatoe chips that were just that, sweeeet.      As for the service.. 5 stars! The gentlemen were very nice friendly  fast and efficient!
4	pretty good tacos i was kinda iffy on the korean style but came out really goood! they put a lot of lettuce tho so if your not big on lettuce make sure you let them know ha ha
2	As someone who has literally driven to LA just to get some Korean tacos, this place has been on my Must Try List since it opened.  Unfortunately, I was way underwhelmed.  I loved the crispy sweet and spicy wings (kinda pricey tho) and the sweet potato chips.  But the quesadilla was a fatty mess and I threw it away after one bite.  That didn't taste like cheese, it tasted like oil.  The regular beef taco had a mountain of greens on it, but the beef didn't taste seasoned or marinated, so I abandoned the project.  I like the cute indie booth vibe, but I'm gonna look for my fusion someplace else.
2	What the hell?? There's so much shredded lettuce piled on top of the tacos, it looks like the Jolly Green Giant's crotch. And why would a Korean taco cart only serve kimchi tacos one day a week? Weak. This ain't "like LA". It ain't even like Portland.
5	Found this place by accident while driving around. Its a fusion of korean and mexican food. Basically the korean meats blended into the burrito, torta or taco. Very reasonably price.  I got the bbq beef burrito. Really very good and tasted fresh. It came with some sweet potato cuts too. My gf got the bbq beef torta. Both very good. This place was very cool. There only one place in san diego that I know does something like this. The owner was very nice. it was 100 degrees outside and I had water in my car so we just ordered food, but they owner gave us some cold bottles of water on the house. I would definately say to come through here and give them a try. I would order the torta though. I thought that tasted much better
4	If youre the type that goes to Vegas to peruse the glitzy and pricey monstrosities that tower above the main strip, you probably want to eat at Roy's next door.  But, if you share a love for hole in the wall (or in this case, stand in the parking lot) like me, and aren't bothered by lower-mid socioeconomic enironment...this is your spot!Similar to several other Korean joints back home in LA who have caught on to the glory that is Korean and Mexican fusion food, 9091 combines your favorite Korean Bar B Q'd meat with your favorite Mexican eats.  Taco's, burritos, quesadillas are all served with their own salsa, hot sauce, and shoestring sweet potato fries.  And believe me when I say shoestring, these potato's are shredded so small they look like noodles! But the crunch is unbelievably satisfying...I liked throwing some in my food.  I tried the california taco, which wrapped all the tenets of your basic california roll (minus the rice) in a warm flour tortilla.  The BBQ beef quesadilla was magical.  Grilled meat with gooey cheese; I am literally salivating just remembering it.Aside from tasting great, the place offers good portions for a fair price. You must try it.
5	Bomb and Cheap.I've had the tacos ($2 each), the burrito ($6), and their special kimchi tacos ($5) on three different visits now. Each one I had made with Korean BBQ Beef, because well that's why I would go there in the first place. My mom is Korean and I've had my share of bulgolgi, kalbi, and all the other good Korean eats that both she and her family make. The bulgolgi (I assume) that goes into these dishes is tender, juicy, and filled with that distinctive Korean BBQ flavor no other words can be used to match.The mix with mexican food sounded awful at first quite frankly, but after my first bite I was hooked. Who knew bulgolgi went so well with avocados and sour cream?! Another great bonus is that you get sweet potato chips with your meal. Which frankly are better than any other sweet potato chip I've had in this town.Definitely give this place a try, at least for a taco. You won't regret it.
4	Yummy, spicey Korean torta! Great service. No need to chase a truck to get the STUFF. Great service, definitely worth it!
5	Incredibly underrated. This is some of the best food I have had in Las Vegas. I always get the spicy beef burrito without rice (personal preference, meh). The beef is marinated beautifully. The sauces provided to apply to the burrito are amazing. The selection of vegetables on the burrito is excellent, with extremely fresh greens/avocado/others. I love the food because it is especially high-quality and very fresh, which I really appreciate.
4	I love this place! Korean tacos are the best! Can't find this anywhere in las Vegas, also why they don't get a 5---they randomly close shop :(
1	Is this place OPEN? Stopped there on Friday Sept 2 and it looked boarded up. What's the dealo?
4	Excellent korean bbq tacos, quick service from friendly proprietor made this an awesome, cheap lunch.
4	This place looks almost like a weird hotdog stand but the food is amazing and the prices are cheap. Definitely worth checking out if you're in Vegas and want some good, quick food.
5	every single thing i have tried here is the bomb if you like chicken wings you have to try it. i go here at least once a week. excellent customer service.
